a/n: Just a one-shot here, and it's basically just porn with a little bit of plot. This features what we have dubbed pussy champ Peeta (term courtesy of londonrainings on tumblr, thanks, girl); this story was born kind of as a joke, but since I take oral sex way too seriously, it evolved into something way longer than just the drabble I'd originally meant to write. So I hope you enjoy it for what it is! Katniss was three drinks in and already talking more than she had all week; gin really had a way of loosening her tongue. But she'd spent all week wallowing silently in her misery over her breakup with Darius, and now she was ready to talk. Shit, specifically. "And I swear to God, he always pissed on the floor!" she whined, fiddling with her straw. Her best friend, Madge, guffawed, nearly choking on a mouthful of Long Island Iced Tea. "What, like a dog? What does that even mean ?" she demanded, her blue eyes glinting with amusement. Katniss gestured excitedly with her hands—another sure sign she was drunk. "No, like—you know how when guys take a piss, sometimes they dribble urine around the toilet? That! He always did that, and he never wiped it up, and I fucking stepped in it every morning!" Madge wrinkled her nose. "Eugh, that's the worst . At least, Gale will clean up after himself. Us ladies shouldn't have to put down newspaper like we're potty training a puppy!" she practically yelled before taking another long sip of her drink. Katniss didn't even care that her friend was talking loud enough to be heard over the cacophony of bar sounds—music and conversations and laughter and sticks smacking pool balls on the tables. Yeah, Katniss was definitely drunk. Whatever. She deserved at least one night of ranting to her girlfriend about her shitty ex who dumped her because she wasn't adventurous enough in bed—whatever the fuck that meant. She was pretty sure it meant she refused to give him a blowjob every night, and he got tired of trying to persuade her. Not that she was against oral entirely, but if he wasn't going to return the favor, she didn't see why she should suffer jaw aches just for his sake. They hadn't even been together that long, just a few months. Still, the breakup had stung. She hadn't really seen it coming, as oblivious as she always was, but now she was mad she hadn't dumped him first. "So, how was the sex?" Madge inquired, raising her eyebrows expectantly. Katniss flushed in embarrassment and drank from her gin and tonic to stall. She didn't normally like to detail her sex life to her friends, even her best friend, but... Fuck it. "Not that great," she replied, slamming her glass down a little too hard. "I mean, I guess it was fine." Her friend snorted. "Hardly high praise." Katniss fidgeted with her braid, her eyes darting around the bar. "Well, he said I wasn't adventurous enough. But I mean...we only really did missionary and, you know...doggy style occasionally." She couldn't fight the blush, and she hurried to continue, "And he pretty much always came before I did, and sometimes he wasn't really concerned about me finishing, so a lot of times, I had to take care of myself." "He's a jerk," Madge said sympathetically. "I don't know how you put up with him so long." Because he made her laugh, mainly. But she didn't want to think about his good qualities right then, so she blurted something else out, "He wouldn't go down on me, either." Madge's eyes widened, and she leaned closer. " What ?" Katniss was sure her face was going to be permanently red at this point. The warmth generated by the alcohol wasn't helping, either. "I mean, he did a couple times. But it sucked, and he couldn't get me to come, so...Maybe he just felt bad that he couldn't do it well. But he didn't do it anymore after that," she trailed off into a grumble, downing some more of her gin and tonic. And Katniss really wasn't the type to ask . It was hard enough just telling Madge all this, let alone trying to voice her deepest desires and sexual frustrations to her boyfriend. Ex-boyfriend , she reminded herself. Madge was shaking her head, her cheeks hollowed as she sucked up some of her sugary alcoholic concoction through her straw. "Man, that's unfortunate. It really doesn't get much better than cunnilingus, too," she sighed. Katniss shrugged uncomfortably; it had always felt weird to her. "I don't know. Maybe it's me. Maybe I'm just not built to enjoy it," she said mournfully, but her friend shook her head again, more staunchly this time. "No way, I don't believe it." She blinked then, her eyes narrowing suddenly. "Wait. Are you telling me...you've never enjoyed oral? Like...a guy has never made you come before by going down on you?" Something in her tone made Katniss want to curl up in shame. She shouldn't have started this conversation. "Well...Darius was the only guy who, um, who's gone down on me, so..." She'd been too shy and reticent in her previous relationships, as limited as they were, to ask for it. "Shut up!" Madge interjected, her eyes wide, then she slumped back in her seat. "God, I feel for you, I really do. I mean, maybe you don't know what you're missing, but that sucks. The next guy you date better eat you out all the time. In fact—don't date anyone unless he eats you out all the time. Okay? You deserve it." Katniss rolled her eyes dismissively, her face still hot. Dating again was the last thing on her mind. "Madge?" They both glanced up at the new voice. Katniss had barely registered the tall, broad-shouldered blonde man standing before them before Madge jumped out of her seat. "Peeta, hey!" Oh. That guy. Katniss remembered him from a few years ago, when he and Madge had dated their second year of college. She and Madge weren't in the same dorm at the time, so Katniss had never really interacted with Peeta much, aside from drunken social gatherings. "Hey, how are you?" he greeted, wrapping her in a tight hug. Katniss averted her eyes elsewhere, uncomfortable with being privy to this meeting between ex-lovers. "I'm great! How are you doing?" Madge bubbled enthusiastically, plopping back down once he'd released her. Katniss was sure her friend was just as drunk as her. Maybe more so. "Good, doing good," he replied, his eyes flitting over to Katniss a couple times, but he didn't say anything. She didn't know if she was supposed to speak first—did he even remember who she was? Probably not. "Oh, do you remember Katniss?" Madge offered, waving a hand at her. He finally acknowledged her with an expression of recognition. "Ahh, yeah, yeah, I remember. Hello," he directed at her, pleasantly enough, but his tone sounded indifferent. She fought against her scowl and smiled tightly instead. "Hello," she echoed then downed the last of her drink. Peeta gestured with his beer bottle to the bar. "Well, I just wanted to pop over and say hey. It's been a while, but I'm glad to hear you're doing well. I gotta get back to my friends, though." Madge smiled brightly. "Okay, well, it was good to see you again, Peeta! Don't be a stranger." "Yeah, you too," he returned with a warm smile. "I'll see you around, Madge. Katniss," he nodded his head at her in parting before slipping away. She was confused by his coldness to her; she thought she remembered him being a more gregarious person who was friendly toward everyone, even strangers. But he'd acted like she was less than a stranger. "What's his deal?" she griped, shaking the ice in her empty glass to see if there was anything left to drink. "Hm?" Madge hummed distractedly as she sipped her LIT, then shook her head as Katniss' question registered. "Oh, ummm...you know, I don't think he liked you much when we were dating." Katniss' eyes nearly bulged out of her head. "What?! Why not?" Pink blossomed in her cheeks, and Madge looked mildly chagrined. "Well, don't take this the wrong way, but...you weren't that nice. I mean, you are to me and people you know well, but to others? Not so much. He thought you were kind of stuck up." Katniss' mouth fell open. "Are you joking? Stuck up— me ? What a prick! I'm nice!" Even as she said it, she knew it wasn't true. She wasn't a bitch; she just wasn't that friendly to outsiders. It wasn't intentional! She just wasn't comfortable around people, and she hated making small talk. Madge just shrugged. "I know. Hey, it was years ago—it doesn't matter. I'm sure he doesn't still harbor some kind of grudge against you or anything." Katniss scowled. It certainly seemed like he still did. Which was stupid because she hadn't even known she'd done anything to him! "Whatever," she huffed. Now she was annoyed, even more so than when she was ranting about Darius. Maybe she didn't really like people overall, but it kind of bothered her when others disliked her and she didn't really understand why . Madge sighed wistfully, like she was reminiscing about something. "Man...you know who gave good head?" she asked rhetorically, and Katniss frowned at her. "Who?" "Peeta." Katniss made a face. "What?!" Her friend flushed, but she giggled. "I'm serious! Look, you can't tell Gale this, okay? Oh, God, Gale would kill me, so you have to swear you won't tell him," Madge insisted, but at Katniss' dumb look, she rattled on. "Gale's great at it, of course, and he gets me off every time. But Peeta...Peeta ate the best pussy." For the second time that night, Katniss' eyes nearly popped out of her head. She wasn't sure she'd ever heard her friend utter that word out loud before. How drunk was she? "Jesus Christ, TMI, Madge," she muttered. Madge just laughed again, shielding her face with her hand. "I know, but he did! He really did! Still does, I imagine. He's probably only gotten better at it." "And how exactly did you determine this?" Katniss asked drily, though she couldn't deny her curiosity. Madge pursed her lips together shyly, fighting a large grin. "I don't know, he just—I've never been with a guy who seemed to enjoy doing it as much as he did. I mean, he was really into it. One time, he went down on me for nearly an hour—I swear to God! I came like five times. Seriously, I've never come so much in my life. Oh, my God, you cannot tell Gale this, Katniss! Swear to me!" "Jeez, okay! I won't tell Gale that you liked getting eaten out better by another man," she stressed, and Madge's eyes widened. "Fuck, don't say it like that!" she wailed, then she laughed, covering her face again. When she emerged, still red-faced, she eyed her cup. "Ugh, I need another drink." Katniss looked pathetically at her empty glass. The ice was starting to melt. "Me, too." "I don't think the server's gonna come back around for a while," Madge mused, glancing around the bar, then she hopped up from their table. "I'll just go up to the bar. You want another G&T?" Katniss nodded, reaching for her purse, but Madge waved her off. "It's on me. Be right back!" Shrugging, Katniss sank down in the booth seat and sucked up the watery remnants of her drink for something to occupy herself with. When the last of her drink was gone, she pulled out her phone to pretend to have something to do. She was always wary of being approached in bars, not that it happened often. She guessed she gave off that "stuck-up" vibe to everyone else, too. She sneered at her phone.