Obligatory disclamer: All canon character, plots, and situations from the Harry Potter series belong to JK Rowling. I am not profiting from this work. Lots of love and thanks to goodevibrations for betaing this! Thank you so much! The forbidden forest was dark and deadly silent, the only sound being the crunch of twigs under her boots and her own labored breathing. Hermione once again cursed herself for promising Hagrid that they would look after Grawp. Of course, when she said "they" she really meant "her", because things like this always fell on her shoulders. She let her gaze wander nervously around the dark trees. Even though she could not hear anything besides the sounds she caused, she was sure she was being watched. Something seemed to be lurking there, in the darkness. She clutched her wand a bit harder. Going into the forbidden forest on her own was phenomenally stupid, but Harry had problems of his own, and Ron… well, he was Ron, so she took a reassuring deep breath and walked on. She was sure it could not be that much farther. When Hagrid had shown them where Grawp was it seemed like a relatively short walk, but Hermione realised that a giant couldn't be hidden right next to the school. Suddenly, Hermione held herself absolutely still. She was sure that she heard a twig snap beneath a weight that wasn't her own. "Lumos," she whispered, having previously assumed that if she could not see anything, surely nothing would see her either. Now, with being sure something was lurking far too close to her for comfort, she changed her opinion. "Hello? Is there anybody?" She asked quietly, not daring to yell. The witch waited a couple of seconds, and just when she was sure she had simply become paranoid, she heard a very soft whine. She stilled immediately. There was something out there. She crept forward, her glowing wand held high in front of her, every muscle taut. The sound seemed to have come from behind a thorny bush, and she was sure she could here soft shuffling. Hermione walked around it and stopped. Her wand illuminated a form that was huddled beneath the bush and apparently trying not to move. The twigs seemed to have snapped when the beast tried to crawl further into the bush. Unsure what creature it was, she took a tentative step closer. She saw lots of dark brown fur, but the creature was so rolled up into itself, that she could not make out any other features. If Hagrid had still been at Hogwarts, Hermione knew exactly what she would have done now. But with him gone… She took a deep breath and stepped closer. The brown bundle of fur started to growl and whine, two disturbingly light brown eyes fixated on Hermione. "I won't hurt you, I swear!" She took another step, but when the growling seemed to grow even louder she halted. " Petrificus Totalus ," she whispered, pointing her wand at the bundle of fur. Instantly it stilled, the growling stopped, but those unnaturally light eyes still stared at her. Confident, that the animal could not move she stepped closer and waved her wand to throw a diagnostic charm over it. When she got the result she drew in a breath. The poor thing had several wounds on his side, and had apparently lost so much blood that it was completely powerless. Hermione kneeled next to the hurt animal and realised how large it actually was. Even curled in on itself it could not be mistaken for a straying dog. She pointed her wand at the furry mess and slowly levitated it a couple of inches out of the bush, so that she could look at it without scratching herself. "I just want to help you, I won't do you harm," she whispered soothingly. She could sense how nervous the animal was, and was sure that if it could, it would still growl at her or even try to bite her. She stood up and moved around the animal, it had curled up into itself with its wounds barely accessible. Hermione was not suicidal though, she would not lift the charm that kept her out of harm's way. Positioning herself so she could at least somewhat access its wounds, she cast several Episkey's on them. She couldn't be sure with all the fur, but she was confident in her spellcasting, and it would definitely keep the wolf – at least that was what she assumed it was – from bleeding out and it would speed up the healing process. Satisfied with her work she straightened up and realised that she was still being watched. Its eyes were a beautiful caramel colour but they were unnerving for Hermione. She threw another diagnostic charm over the wolf and was satisfied that her work had done some good. She walked around him and realised, where the wounds had come from. In the bush, there were several arrows lying about, ripped to shreds, some of them completely splintered. As far as Hermione knew, the Centaurs were the only beings in the forest – with Hagrid being gone – who used bows and arrows. But the Centaurs didn't hunt wild animals in the forest. They were completely vegetarian and tried to leave the other beings alone just as much as they desired seclusion. She slowly walked back to the still frozen wolf. "What did you do to them?" she murmured. Looking up into the sky she saw the darkness of the forest had swallowed all the lights that the stars and moon would have provided for her on her way to Hagrid's half-brother. Rubbing a hand across her face she sighed. She would have to go another time, she did not want to imagine what other creatures were lurking about and she most certainly did not want the Centaurs to think in the darkness of night she was some kind of animal. Hermione met his gaze one last time and put a hesitant hand out to place it between his ears, stroking him slowly. He shivered under her touch so she looked around, debating something. She waved her wand again and placed a warming charm on the wolf's body and put a ward around him that would – if he did not move – last the night. "I will leave you in peace now. When I am far enough off, you will be able to move again." She patted his head one more time, then spun around and started marching off in the direction of the castle. When the moon had faded in the sky and the sun had come up, Fenrir Greyback slowly pulled himself into a sitting position. He rubbed his head, then his hands rubbed across the flesh that had been ripped to shreds by the Centaur's arrows. He was not sure who the girl was, but she had put him back together and even protected his weakened form from further attacks. She didn't know it yet, but he owed her a debt. Hermione ran. They should have known there was a taboo, Harry should have known, they should have been better protected. But the ramblings in her head did not help her situation. She was running as fast as her legs would carry her, jumping over fallen trees and feeling as though the air burned her lungs. When Harry stumbled, she knew they would not get out of this. She threw a stinging hex in his face, hoping that it would buy them time. And then they were there. Fenrir Greyback, a snatcher named Scabior, and several equally as filthy snatchers. Blood was pumping through her ears, she only snapped out of it when Greyback was directly in front of her and asked "Who are you, girly?" (DH, Ch. 23) "Penelope Clearwater" she murmured, her eyes widening in fear and everything feeling numb. Fenrir leaned closer to her and took a deep sniff of her scent. Fear gripped her and she felt ready to pass out. Ron and Harry tried to talk their way out of the situation, but it was no use. Greyback stayed close to Hermione, keeping an eye on her. Then they raided their tents, while Harry, Ron and Hermione were bound on the floor, sitting next to Dean. They found the newspaper, with Hermione's picture on it. She closed her eyes. This was it. They were going to die. Greyback crouched down in front of Harry and Hermione. His presence was frightening in itself, but it certainly didn't help that he smelled like blood and dirt. Hermione watched him through barely opened eyes, she could see countless scars littering his face and strangely coloured eyes which were fixated on her. His hand reached for her shoulder, his long yellow nails digging painfully into her flesh. She wished she would have listened to what was going on around her, but she was so terrified that all she could was just stare at Greyback and wish that he was splinched when she felt the pull of Apparation. Unfortunately, her wish was not granted, and they were pushed along a stony pathway into Malfoy Manor. As if there situation was not bad enough already, Narcissa, Draco, and Lucius Malfoy weren't alone; Bellatrix Lestrange was in the Manor as well. The situation was already looking quite grim but went even more pear shaped when Bellatrix saw one of the Snatcher's handling the Sword of Gryffindor. She stunned the snatcher and made fast work of the others as well, they fell to the ground, unconscious. All but Greyback. Bellatrix had forced him into a kneeling position his arms were stretched far from his body, his face was feral. The mad witch was asking the werewolf where they had gotten the sword from, clutching his wand in her free hand. He was not inclined to answer though, absolutely furious and with his eyes screaming murder. "Release me!" He roared. Bellatrix ignored him. He bared his teeth at her, growling low in his throat. "Get rid of them," Bellatrix commanded Draco. Hermione was not entirely sure what happened next, she was focusing on breathing and trying to find a way out. Suddenly Ron's screaming brought her back to reality and she realised what was happening. Bellatrix Lestrange wanted to play with her. Greyback's wand was handed back to him and he led Harry and Ron away. Fenrir Greyback was not pleased. After all this time he had found the girl that had saved him in the forbidden forest and he had to bring her to Malfoy Manor of all places. She was his. She might not know it, but she was. Her scent was… intoxicating. A low growl rumbled in his chest. And now that bitch humiliated him, degraded him and would do Merlin knows what to the girl. He owed her a debt. He could not just stand by, but he had to. That crazy bitch would just kill him if he tried to step in. He was not nearly important enough for her to care about his death. He had to watch as Bellatrix carved the word Mudblood into the girls arm. The girl's screams were agonising. After what felt like forever, the girl had turned still, her eyes were open but staring into nothingness. Apparently Bellatrix had enough of her as well. "And I think," said Bellatrix's voice, "we can dispose of the Mudblood. Greyback, take her if you want her." (DH, Ch. 23) Fenrir took a step into their direction, his grin feral. He would get her far, far away from them. And then she'd be his. But of course, fate was not so kind. The Weasley boy ran into the room, yelling "No!" and making a spectacle of himself. Bellatrix had turned her attention on the boy now and Fenrir wanted to get the girl. He bared his teeth and growled again. Knowing that he had to keep