Leah finds The One . Her take on chapter 24 of Clouded Sunshine. (Collins chapter) . . I 've been working at my old high school for a few weeks now. Finding out if this is what I really want to do with my life. Be a teacher. And I think I do want to be one. What kind of subject I will teach, now that's a whole other matter. Biology has my interest and Tribal History too. I don't care for Math or Chemistry. The teachers were surprised I was going down this path, but they welcomed me non the less. A few days after I started it was clear to them how serious I was. Taking my time to listen and observe, to ask questions. I think they also liked the fact of me having authority. The kids didn't argue with me when they needed reprimanding. I was now sent in to break up fights in the yard, if there were any. O ne thing though, is bothering me here. The undying adoration of a wolf-boy. Collin still stares at me with love. Why can't he give up? What does he see when he looks at me? Back in the day, when we shared minds, I often considered it annoying, but also uplifting at times. He was the only one, besides Seth, not complaining about me being there. - Sigh.- At least he knows to keep his distance. So I can handle it. For him and me, I really hope someone else soon catches his eye. I am ready too, to get on with my life and find a partner. P rincipal Hill told me there'd be a visitor today, a guest speaker in Tribal History. He asked me to wheel in some objects at a certain time, which would be shown during the lecture. Coming in from lunch I smelled something wonderful. I don't how to describe it, I just liked it a lot. Was this from that visitor? Hmm, definitely a male scent. Somehow I hoped it wasn't someone's new cologne. I was shuddering at the thought of being attracted to a guy from school. I've seen them all, not my types. Also, most of them are married or too young. I shook my head and went on to the room of Mrs. Brownstone. A small woman in her fifties, but no push over. She was strict and alert, keeping her students on their toes. I liked her fire. T he scent I loved led here I discovered. So it must be this guest speaker. By the door stood a chair and a table on wheels with the tribal objects. His scent was strong around them. I studied the array of things. Statues, knives, a spearhead and some children's toys. They looked old, but well preserved. I sat down and listened in on the talk. Mr. Whitebear had a young, warm voice that captivated the ear. It fitted with his scent and I became curious to what he would look like. The Tlingit version of the spirit story was good. Sighs going around the room emphasized that. Mrs. Brownstone came to get me. I felt Collin's eyes on me, but only barely. Mine focused on the man in front. What a fine specimen. Muscled and six foot three. W hen we met and locked eyes, it was like I'd seen with the others, but so much more. Everything else faded to the background. Those dark brown orbs with green flex drew me in. They were like jewels, amazingly beautiful. A light seemed to come from him as we shook hands. With contact his simple introduction made me melt. "Hay, I'm Jacy Whitebear," he said. "And who are you, lovely lady?" Normally such words earned him a scowl, now I could only smile and answer 'Leah'. He kept holding my hand a little longer. I didn't mind at all and enjoyed the sensations his skin gave me. My heart was pounding in my chest. I only just thought about finding a partner and here he was, my soulmate , my imprint . H ow much time had passed before I came back to reality, I didn't know. Collin puking in the distance was the first thing a was aware of. Vaguely. Reluctantly I let him go and asked if I could sit in for the rest of the class. I observed him while he moved and explained what each object was for, it's history. Hanging on every word. Could imagine it to be sickening, to an outsider, especially Collin. That thought entered the back of my mind. So I blinked and tried not to drool. How could I turn into this softy with goo-goo eyes? This whole deal used to make me angry. Having no choice in the matter. But it eased all the hurt from the past, having found my other half. It wasn't important anymore, all I now cared about was him. I was pretty healed already, slowly finding myself again after the big Volturi stand-off. This was just the icing on the cake, a look into my future. L ater I walked up to him and we chatted about small stuff. He had just finished his studies a few months ago. American history, with the focus on Native tribes. With the money he saved, he wanted to travel through Canada and America and visit different tribes. Licensed to teach, he was often invited to give a lecture. Wow, I was so lucky, not only handsome, he had brains too. When he asked me about my life, I was honest and told him the basics from my private struggles. My fathers death had a major impact, in more ways than one. He was sorry my life had been hard, his had been pretty good. As the youngest in the family he had a lot more freedom than the oldest, Dasan, who inherited his name like Quil. His other brothers were called Hakan and Nodin. They had a strong bond. I told him I was close to Seth too. We hung out with the same group of friends. He smiled at that and I automatically returned it with one of my own. Next I had to ask him what his plans were after today. Turns out, he had non that were set, coming here had been on the top of his list. I arched an eyebrow. He sighed and rubbed the back of head shyly. "I don't know how to explain it, he said, you might think it's weird." A big grin spread across my face. "Oh, don't worry, I replied, nothing much surprises me anymore." There was a pause. "Oh, okay, if you're sure, he continued, but not here, if you don't mind." I invited him to my place for dinner. He agreed quickly when I described my living situation with my brother. And how my mom was in a new relationship. N ow I had to prepare everything. I was nervous and exited at the same time. As soon as school was over, I rushed to find Seth to tell him the news. He was so happy for me. At home I immediately called mom on the phone. She squealed like a teenage girl and offered to help me right away. Soon she was over and started to interrogate me about Jacy. "Mom, I groaned, I just met the man, I don't know all the ins and outs yet." "Sorry," she replied and beamed a full on smile at me. I shook my head. Where was the adult tribal elder now? Together we cleaned and cooked. While I showered, she set up the table. Clothes were up next. A dress or some nice black jeans? High heels or sneakers? A necklace, earrings, make-up? I decided not to go overboard. I wore the tight black jeans, with a red and blue top, which had a heart on the front. It was in the chest area and accentuated the twins nicely. Sneakers on my feet and a wolf necklace around my neck. A gift from May, last Christmas, it was similar to hers. Topping it off with some mascara and lip-gloss. Walking back into the kitchen, mom gave me a look of approval. She could leave now, but was of course curious and insisted on introducing herself. Oh well, I knew there was no point in resisting, when my mother's like that. Moments later there was a knock on the door. When I opened it, I found Jacy also in casual outfit. Still he looked stunning. The blues and greens made his eyes pop. His million dollar smile made me swoon. Jeez, I was being a sappy girly girl! A fter shaking hands with mom, we all relaxed fast. She stayed for ten minutes or so before excusing herself. Charlie also needed dinner and couldn't cook if his life depended on it. When it was just the two of us, we started eating. There was a silence which wasn't uncomfortable. Both assessing the feelings inside of us. Now and then we glanced at one another. This was awkward, but nice too. "So, I asked at one point, what led you here than?" A small smile lit up his face. "Well, ehm, he replied, a vision quest to be honest." His eyes met mine to see my reaction. I was a bit surprised, but that was it. "Oh, I said, interesting, why did you go on one?" Jacy leaned back in his chair and wiped his mouth. "You don't find the idea strange?" he inquired. I shook my head. "I believe spirits exist." T hat statement relaxed him. He proceeded to talk. "Well, in that case, I'd tell you I went on one because of a failed relationship." A look of understanding was my response. "I thought I found the love of my life in junior year on high school," he continued. "We fitted so well together and still we grew apart." I didn't understand it." And even though I subconsciously prepared myself, I was still hurt when she found someone else." I nodded; "happened to me too, two years back." His eyes widened. "Really?" he questioned, then we must have more in common." I grinned, if only he knew. Soon, handsome, soon though. "For me it's been more recent, a year now, he said, and I struggled with myself a while." After a few months my father had enough of my moping, so he suggested it." I wish I had that. Leaning on my elbows and hands on the table I motioned him to keep going. "I saw this green place and the ocean in my vision and researched on google where I'd find certain landmarks." He took a breath. "I also saw a woman, walking along the beach." She was turned away from me, so I couldn't see her face." Still I felt the urge to follow her, because she and I belonged together." He have me a shy smile, which made him seem younger. "You believe in soulmates," I stated. "Yes, he beamed, you too?" "Wholeheartedly," I replied. He stared intensely into my eyes a second. "There's more, he added, this woman, she lead me to some trees and it started to get dark." I held my breath, could it really be he'd already seen my other side? " S he suddenly disappeared and there was a large animal in her place." He paused, unsure if he should continue. "Please, I pleaded, tell me everything." "Okay, he said, I'm not sure, but I think it was a wolf, a silver coloured wolf." My heart leapt in my chest. "That was all, he suddenly finished, I woke up in a rush and knew La Push was the place I should travel to." I sucked in some much needed oxygen. And popped my question; "Do you believe our tribe stories could be true?" "Real I mean." He got a thoughtful look on his face. "I don't