Disclaimer: All rights to whomsoever they belong, unless it already belongs to me. A/N: It is important to note that this story stands as a joint sequel to two of my previously unrelated fics, Second Star to the Right and Lullaby of the Lily Flower . Truth be told, it is not essential to have read Lullaby as the events of that story do not directly affect the events of this; however, some OC characters and events from Second Star do have a direct bearing on the plot of this fic. That said, I do intend to write this fic so that you do not need to have read either to understand it, so if you don't fancy going back to read the other two, there will not necessarily be any need to! Just for reference, in case you have read Lullaby , this is set around a year later. It's a quiet chapter I suppose, but don't worry, it won't last for long. I have also tried really hard to do away with any typos, having edited it about five times, but please accept my apologies for any that slipped through the net! Anyway, if you have made it this far, I will stop this ramble and let you get on with the serious business of reading! Chapter One: Homecoming Oh the leaves are falling from the trees, And the snow is coming don't you know, But I'll still remember which way to go, I'm on the road, the road to home. I'm here where I belong, I'll see you soon, It won't be long. - The Road to Home, Amy MacDonald Leaves crunched satisfyingly beneath his booted feet as he followed the woodland path, winding slowly ever downwards. The trees swayed slightly in a gentle breeze, wafting through the dark, wayward hair that had grown long since last he had walked this way. The golden red canopy, still in places tinged with green, allowed the dappled autumn sun to warm his face, and he smiled as it evoked memories of his brother and laughter. Below to his left, a familiar rush of water raced hidden by in its deep gorge, seeming utterly unchanged despite his prolonged absence. Six months he had been gone...not that six months was a particularly long time even by mortal standards, but it was the longest this young Ranger had spent in the wilds, away from his family and home. Returning now, things were not different exactly...rather he saw them in a new light. Dark grey eyes scanned the glades he had known so well; there, where he had learnt to use sword and bow with his brothers; that secluded path, where he had ridden his first horse, and years later fallen to break his arm; these trees, trees he had tried for so long to climb as quickly as his elven counterparts, learning the hard lesson that that could never be. Scenes all around him that he had so taken for granted that he had never really seen them, not truly; yet now he saw them all, his home in the fading russet glow of autumn, and his heart ached as it had not done in months for sight of his father and brothers. "We have lost you again, Strider," a small voice said in his ear, making him start. He glanced over his shoulder to see Ancadil smiling at him, and gave the other Ranger a mildly guilty look. "Memories, Ancadil," Strider replied with a sigh. "Nothing seems to have changed..." Ancadil regarded him with shrewd, green eyes, his shaggy auburn hair pulled away from his face in a clip. Two decades Strider's senior, he had been born in the wilderness and lived there all his life, like many of the Rangers of the North. Consequently he had never really understood the concept of a fixed home, for his own had always been a roving point, and he never truly felt at in ease being too long in any one place. But he knew that Strider's heart had bent ever more to his childhood dwelling the closer they drew to it, and more and more often the young ranger would seem to watch the world with misted eyes as the landscape became more familiar around him. "Everything changes, Strider – even you," Ancadil winked. The younger Ranger looked up sharply, locking eyes with one of the men who had been his mentor this last half year. "Time cannot go backwards, and we can never be the same twice." "Mmn," Strider replied, frowning. "I had been thinking on that too." He fell silent, and for a while spoke no more. They fell into step beside one another, behind the three men in front of them. This close to Rivendell there was no need for such securities as setting a watch, and Galdal, the swiftest runner among them, had already gone on ahead before they had broken camp at dawn to inform the hidden citadel of their coming. "It is not always a bad thing – too change, that is," Ancadil ventured a small while later. "We become better, stronger, wiser; experience teaches us the patience that youthful impetuousness denies." Strider smiled at him ruefully. "So I am no longer youthfully impetuous?" "Oh well now, I cannot say that I would go that far...yet," Ancadil winked again. Strider snorted softly but did not reply, instead allowing his mind to wander in the wooded glades that held recollections he thought he had long forgotten. So wrapped up in his memories was he that he did not notice when one of the Rangers in front of them called his name. "Strider? My brother is calling you," Ancadil said pointedly, nudging the younger man in the ribs. "Mmn? What? Oh – sorry," he mumbled apologetically. "I was miles away." "And probably would not have noticed even had a Warg pack had come to pay us a visit," the older Ranger grinned. It had become a running joke that Strider's reveries were so intense that he often paid little heed to his surroundings, making the more experienced Ranger's tease him that all the tracking skills he had learnt were wasting away. Strider shoved him lightly, a genuine smile breaking across his face as they picked up their pace to join the men ahead of them. "I am not that bad, Anca," he protested, waving his acknowledgement at a sprightly young man who had stopped ahead. "Aye, well, if you insist." The older Ranger remained tight lipped, but his eyes sparkled. "It's just...I am home," Strider said simply, gesturing vaguely around him. It seemed hard to express what he felt in words; he only knew that his heart was rejoicing as proximity to the hidden vale increased. Yet that joy was laced also with uncertainty; would his life be the same as it had been before – could he be the same? Or as Ancadil said, had everything changed irrevocably? "Aye young one, and in for a well earned rest, I'll warrant." Ancadil referred to him by the slight nickname the man had gained through being the youngest in the ranging party. "Not if my brothers have any say in it, I fear!" Strider laughed again, the thought again causing both happiness and doubt. "They will believe I have half a year's worth of teasing to catch up on, I don't doubt." Ancadil laughed openly, his eyes twinkling. "I think you may have a point there – but perhaps your father will keep them at bay, if only for a little while." "That only encourages them," Strider chuckled, rolling his eyes. "The surest way of making them do something –" "Is forbidding them to do it, I know," Ancadil finished for him, laughing at the look of mild surprise on Strider's face. "I have known the sons of Elrond since before you were born, young one," reminding Strider once more how young he was. As if I do not feel that enough around the Firstborn! he winced inwardly. Ahead of them, the other Rangers had reached a point where the path slid along the top of a sheer precipice, and the greenery fell away around them as the River Bruinen came finally into view below their feet. But this was not what held the Rangers' eyes, nor what made them halt their procession and call to the young man; that was the view at the narrowest point of the gorge. Spanned by ornate stone bridges and lofty towers, the Last Homely House perched with seeming ease astride the river at its feet, commanding the pass of the steep valley. The golden glow of the afternoon sun fell across it from the high west, and the ancient Elven refuge of Lord Elrond Peredhil shone as a fallen star, marble roofs glinting pearly white. Carved arches caused the rushing waters to cascade in several arms over the tumbling falls and a mist of soft silver hung lightly in the air. "Imladris," breathed Ancadil. "Home," Strider echoed, his eyes fixed upon the vista etched into his memory, a tumult of thought in his head. "Very nearly, Strider," said another Ranger, suppressing a smile. Strider turned absently to him. "Your father will be glad to see you, I think." "And I him, Balon," Strider replied, beginning to follow the elder Ranger down the path, his long legs eating up the distance between them. "How long will you stay, do you think?" the young Ranger asked to dispel the conflicting ideas in his mind. His eyes still followed the vision of Rivendell ahead of them. Balon looked to Halbarad, his Captain, for an answer. "Not long, Strider," Halbarad answered, watching the younger man's footing for him lest he should slip on the winding path whilst his gaze was otherwise engaged. Strider seemed oblivious to the subtle guidance the two commanding Rangers offered him. Shaking his head with a sigh, Halbarad exchanged a mildly exasperated glance with Balon who just threw his hands up in resignation, a grin on his bearded face. The Captain recalled a conversation with his second in command during the new recruit's first week: "He is very young," Balon had commented, watching his Captain closely for more. "He is unsure," Halbarad had nodded, "of his own abilities and purpose. His is a heavy burden, one he is not fully aware of yet. But he has Arathorn's eyes...he just needs to learn to accept it." Halbarad had seen the change in the new Ranger, and knew that the young man was only now coming to realise it for himself. "We will spend a week, maybe more, resting and gathering supplies. I have not hunted game in these woods for years; perhaps your brothers would accompany us." Halbarad continued the conversation Strider had started as the path wound its way back into woodland and Rivendell disappeared from view behind the trees. Turning his eyes back to the path before him, Strider nodded. "My father will probably press you to stay longer." "Just like he always does!" Balon laughed, his voice deep and throaty and his dark eyes glittering. Grey streaked his dark hair and beard, but he was still a lithe man and being of the blood of the Dúnedain his years were longer than his smiling face belied. "Lord Elrond has always put on the best of festivities," Halbarad agreed. "Has he not, Amarthdur?" Strider turned to see the Ranger behind him blushing red and glaring at his Captain, and looked questioningly back at the leader. "Elvish wine is generally too potent for most men – as I am sure you have discovered yourself," Halbarad said by way of explanation, a smile tugging at his lips at the sight of his fellow. "Amarthdur, however, did not know this." "Or rather Ancadil did not tell me!" Amarthdur grumbled, turning fierce eyes of identical mossy green on Ancadil and causing Balon to laugh even harder. "Oh no, you are not pinning this on me,