Disclaimer: You know something? One day, one blessed day, I shall find a loophole, and I shall drag these wonderful characters through it without being sued. I'll keep you updated on its progress A/N: Wow! Firstly, thank you to everyone who reviewed With A Little Help from My Friends , I was amazed at the response it got, you wonderful, wonderful people! And also thank you for encouraging me to write this. I don't write for reviews, but any writer likes it when they receive a compliment so thank you! Now this chapter is strangely long even for me, so please bear with it till the end, dear reader, if you would. Ok, anything you need to know… Names! Lómë – Dusk Rómen – Sunrise And that's all you're getting for now, though more will appear Oh, and thank you to Someone Reading who pointed out that number typo for me, its bee fixed and reloaded! Thank you! Now without further ado I present to you – Lullaby of the Lily Flower! Chapter One –The King Does Not Dance As the musicians played vigorously in the far corner of the banqueting hall, Thranduil King of Mirkwood sat further back in his chair, a glass of honey white wine in one hand as he watched his people dancing happily before him. The long table at the head of which he sat was the only one left out; the many others that had only hours ago been groaning beneath the weight of the many dishes and delicacies they carried had vanished, to make room for a dance floor. Now maids and soldiers old and young sang and laughed and skipped in and out of one another, their cheeks flushed with the potent wine of their fair homeland and the night's festivities. A contented smile settled on his face, and he found his foot drumming in time to the beat with the music, humming absently to the tune. In the very centre of the hall were six figures he watched the most; three elves with hair of gold, two with raven braids and the last, a young human man. Normally Thranduil would not feel disposed to the mortal one way or the other, but the wine tempted him to like the boy. Well he had arrived with the sons of Elrond had he not? Had Elrond not raised the child himself? Surely he could not cause too much hassle – and his son seemed to hold him in such high esteem already. For the moment at least, he trusted his son's judgement, and hummed merrily along to the songs. It had been long, far too long since Mirkwood had been given any reason to celebrate; but with the return of her Crown Prince after three years, Thranduil had set about preparing a grand feast in his honour. It was not one of Legolas' favourite pastimes, but if nothing else his people needed it; the Shadow from the south never lessened nor grew, and yet it remained steadily constant over all their hearts; so real merriment was a joy to them, to forget for a while their worries and concerns. In the centre of the hall, those six whom the King had been watching were blissfully unaware of it; in fact, other than their own silly jokes and dances, they were oblivious to just about everything – including, as far as the twins were concerned, the beat of the music. "Elladan – one, two; one, two, three!" Estel tried to impose upon his older brother the step, but fell about laughing when the Noldo elf tangled up his legs and crashed into his twin. A roar of laughter erupted around them as they swayed on the spot before regaining their balance. "Estel, you never told me how easily wine affected them!" Prince Legolas tried to protest, but failed to remain serious about it as Elrohir collapsed in a fit of giggles on his brother's shoulder. "I think that maybe they're a hopeless case, my friend!" one of the other golden haired elves chuckled, giving Elladan a steadying arm to lean on as he veered sideways. "There never was much hope for themRómen; trust me, I've lived with them for twenty five years," Estel told the archer, and his sister laughed. "Oh the pair of them!" she giggled, "I have hardly known them a day and I feel I could tell you all about them." "We're not keeping them, Lómë," Rómenwarned, and she stuck her tongue out playfully. All six danced around together – or rather, four danced and attempted to keep the other two on their feet – until the lively jig finally came to a climatic end, when everyone clapped and cheered for the musicians. Panting slightly and with rose flushed cheeks, they made their way over to the refreshments, dragging Elladan and Elrohir with them as the band prepared for the next piece. "Your kingdom certainly loves you, mellon nin," grinned Estel as Legolas poured him some wine. The Prince rolled his eyes. "Don't you patronise us Legolas!" scolded Lómë, tapping him lightly on the arm. "You ride off for three years doing all manner of heroic and courageous deeds, and then do not expect us to acknowledge them?" Legolas laughed and handed Estel his glass. "I am not convinced they that they were heroics, Lómë," he said lightly. "Not heroics? No of course not," grinned Rómenmischievously, "All in a day's work for the Prince of Mirkwood, I have no doubt." Legolas half scowled, half smiled at him and turned to help Elladan lean on the table. "Estel, when was the last time your brother's drank anything with half the potency of my cellars?" "In all likelihood my twenty-first birthday," the Ranger told him, "they didn't water any of their drinks down and had a splitting headache that even my father could not cure for a week." "That sounds painful," sympathised Lómë, patting Elrohir on the arm as he tried and failed to pick up his glass. "It was," agreed Estel, "They wouldn't stop moaning about it night and day, and locked me in my room so I wouldn't disturb them – but I suppose they may have found it painful too," he winked. "I was talking about them," she laughed, but just then another dance started up. "Pair up everyone!" shouted an elf near the front, and Estel held his hand out for Lómë. "Would you do me the honour of dancing with me, my lady?" he asked her graciously. She chuckled and blushed slightly. "You have the most charming and polite of friends, Legolas!" she said, "I would be delighted." Legolas shook his head at the young man as he led Lómë to the dance floor. "Looking for a partner your majesty?" Rómen asked, his eyes twinkling, and before Legolas could even attempt escape had grabbed his wrist and was pulling him to the centre of the hall beside his sister. "Beautiful dance partner you have there!" called Estel to the Prince, who just scowled at him, causing the Ranger to laugh. Turning back to Lómë, he swirled her under his arm and caught her as she arched back. "So," he asked conversationally, "How long have you known Legolas then?" "Prince Legolas? Oh years and years!" she answered as they twirled around. "He and my brother were already close friends when I was born, so he is almost another brother to me. When did you meet him?" "About fifteen years ago," he replied, "But I'll wager he never told you the circumstance surrounding that meeting?" "He never did speak of it, no; pray tell if you would?" "How could I refuse such a request from such a noble lady?" "Oh you are all compliments and politeness, Estel," she beamed. "Believe me, its not a trait I picked up from my brothers," he murmured, as the twins went lumbering past as well as elves can lumber, each 'dancing' with a maiden they had managed to find; or rather, with maidens who had taken pity on their induced state. Lómë laughed at him and encouraged him to tell his tale. Legolas meanwhile, was feeling very self conscious about dancing with his fellow soldier. "Is this really necessary?" he said in a pained voice. "It is the only chance I will ever get to dance with you my friend; the maidens are all queuing up for you, though you pay them no heed." "I pay them heed as I will," corrected the Prince, then as an afterthought added, "And they are not queuing up." "No indeed?" laughed Rómen, "Why, look over there! By the wine barrels." Full of scepticism, Legolas glanced over his shoulder to see a line of about five or six house maids, all trying unsuccessfully to watch him with his noticing. He sighed, making Rómen scoff. "I would that I was in your position, my friend," he admitted as they swirled together, Legolas still not too sure about the whole idea. "My position?" he echoed. "They chase a warrior Prince who fights for his country, who does his best to please his father and remain part of the people. They do not really know me any more than they know the King; they know who I should be. People follow identities real or false" "You are getting very deep for a feast thrown in your honour your majesty!" Rómen said lightly. "You asked me a question," he shrugged as Rómen twirled under his arm. "You could have just lied?" suggested his friend. "I'm a Prince," stated Legolas. "And I am a member of the Royal Guard; that does not stop me lying to you if it means you will stay away from a horde of Orcs." Legolas stopped dead and turned to face his friend wide eyed. "You do that?" "Occasionally, when you are being stubborn – which is all the time actually," Rómen realised out loud. "You astound me friend; you will never cease to amaze me," the Prince grinned. "I like to keep you on your toes," Rómen winked as the dance came to its end, and he turned to greet Estel and his sister heading towards them, Lómë with a look of great awe on her face. "And what story has he told you now, Lómë?" Legolas asked, already knowing the Ranger had said something to the easily impressionable young elf woman. "The manner of our first meeting, actually," Estel answered. "A story well worth the telling; I do not see why you have not told it before." "You rescued him from a pack of Wargs?" said Lómë breathlessly. "A whole pack, all alone?" Legolas glanced wordlessly at the Ranger, who just smiled. "Lómë, you must appreciate that he exaggerates greatly"- "I did no such thing," Estel informed him, turning to retell the tale to Rómen. "I had run into the mountains when I was about fifteen, after a row with Elladan when he said I was too young to accompany them on a hunting trip. I remained there for three days, causing no end of worry to my family I am sure; but when I did decide to return home from hunger, a large group of large Wargs seemed to think that I would make a nice meal." "It was not a large group Estel, there cannot have been more than twelve," Legolas cut in slightly exasperated. "Only twelve?" echoed Rómen. "Legolas, by whose standards do you judge yourself by?" The Prince rolled his eyes. "They do usually hunt in packs of twenty, Rómen." His friend ignored him. "Luckily for me," continued Aragorn, "At that time Legolas was taking the High Pass to Rivendell on business for his father; and chanced upon my rather unfortunate mishap. Had it not been for your Prince, I would not be standing here today." "As it was, I had to carry you back half-dead," admitted Legolas. "Quite a shock for your father I think when I turned up with the