HOME I sat on my leather couch, in my Chicago condo, a cup of hot chocolate in one hand and a card in the other. I stared at the invitation card, feeling nostalgic from this unexpected connection to my past. Alice Brandon was hosting an ostentatious Christmas party in her newly bought house outside of Forks, Washington. She had inserted a personal note for me inside the invitation card. No more excuses Mr. Big Shot, you can't put us off any longer. Come back to the small town, where your real friends await. It's been too long since the last time you've been here. We miss you and we want to see you! I sighed heavily, staring at the snow falling outside my window. I remembered the winters in Forks, when all the trees were white and the streets were completely silent. We would all gather in my living room to watch movies. We would eat a lot of junk food and play silly games. I stared at my expensive and very modern condo, feeling suddenly isolated. I was alone in this big space, in this big city. And truthfully, I missed my friends a lot. The little contact I had had with them throughout the years was through scattered phone calls, and seeing their pictures on Facebook. I looked down at the beautifully handmade invitation card once more and made my decision. Alice was right. It had been too long. And, surprisingly, I felt ready to go back. There were things from the past that I was intent on making right, and now was as good as ever to go back and fix it. … home …. I gazed out the window as the plane made its descent to Sea-Tac airport. The anticipation to see my old friends made me fidget in my seat. I was both anxious and excited to see them again. It had been so long. When my family had left Forks after I graduated high school, I somehow never made it back there, always finding excuses not to go back. And now it was ten years later. I couldn't believe that I hadn't seen my best friends in that long. As I thought of my group of friends from high school, I realized how much I missed them. We'd had a really tight bond, spent all of our free time together and had shared all of our secrets and hopes together. And suddenly I had been cut off from them. I had gone to Chicago University and then had stayed there. I got a great, high-paying job in the big city and never looked back. For ten years, all I knew about my friends was from Facebook. I realized how pathetic that was. If I were honest with myself, the reason I hadn't gone back was because I had been afraid to face the truth about myself. I hadn't been ready yet to acknowledge and accept who I really was. And I knew that because I hadn't been courageous enough back then, I had hurt others in the process. Especially Jasper. I could still picture him perfectly in my head. He was the one I felt the most nervous seeing again, and yet he was the main reason why I was coming back. Jasper, out of everybody and everything, was my one regret in life. I couldn't deny anymore that he was the reason I had been too afraid to return to Forks. He was probably even the reason why I had dated top models and flaunted them around like an arrogant peacock. When I got off the plane, it was so nice to be greeted by Bella. She waived excitedly in my direction and I smiled back, making my way through the crowds to get to her. "Edward! Welcome back!" She exclaimed, wrapping her arms around my torso and squeezed me. "It's so nice to see you again. I've missed you so much!" I hugged her back and held her tightly for a while. I felt overwhelmed with memories. "You've gained some muscles," she observed, wiggling her eyebrows. "You look good." I pulled her away from me so I could take a better look at her. And then I whistled. "Wow, Bella, it appears that you are most definitely a woman now. You've got curves where there was nothing before." Bella blushed profusely and hit my arm with a smile. "Don't say things like that in front of Jake, he'll kill you! He's already jealous enough to meet my first boyfriend." "Oh yes, Jake. By the way, congratulations! I heard you got engaged," I exclaimed, bumping her shoulder with mine as we walked towards her truck. "Thank you," she beamed at me. "I'm really happy. I hope you'll like him." "Anybody who makes you smile this much is a friend of mine." She looked up at me with big, shiny eyes and a strange expression on her face. I stopped walking and stared back at her in wonder. "What?" I asked. She shook her head and looked around for her car. "Nothing. Just… It's so nice to see you again." "Yeah, it is." I responded softly, feeling emotional suddenly. … home …. Bella and I practically ran from the car to Alice's house, it was so cold outside. But I was careful to have a good grip on Bella all the while, remembering how clumsy she could be. This ice on the ground would not help with her lack of balance. Completely bundled in winter gear, we made it safely indoor. I stared at the chaos around me. There were piles of decoration boxes everywhere and other knickknacks spread over tables and chairs. It was funny how the folly of it all felt very Christmassy. I couldn't stop from smiling. I wondered how Alice would get everything ready on time. I heard her stern, authoritative voice before I saw her. She stormed in front of us with a large box, and almost didn't see us in her concentration to organize and plan her party. But then she halted and looked at me. She dropped the box, not caring that it spilled on the floor and sprinted to me. "Edward! Oh my god, I can't believe you're actually here!" She exclaimed with joy. And then she hit me, pretty hard for somebody that small. "Why did it take you so long to come back home! Don't do that again! Ever!" She scolded, hitting me on my chest with each word. I laughed as I rubbed my chest. "It's nice to see you too, Ally!" I said, wrapping my arms around her petite frame and kissing the top of her head. … home …. I was changing in the guest room upstairs after a well-needed shower. I always felt grimy after traveling. As I looked around, I couldn't stop from feeling proud for Alice. Her house was beautiful. She had decorated it with very tasteful art works and vintage furniture. After her nasty divorce to James last year, she had come around and made a lot of changes. She had applied for a higher position in her agency and bought this house as well. I knew that it had been hard for her, but she had made it. She seemed so happy now and that was a relief. I dried my hair quickly, eager to go back downstairs and spend as much time as possible with my friends. I had been away from them for too long. Earlier, Rosalie and Emmett had arrived a little after us, and it had been heartwarming to see them again. Rosalie was six months pregnant and she looked stunning as usual. Emmett seemed happier and had this constant grin on his face that made him look totally goofy. Rosie welcomed me back in the same manner than Alice did. She reprimanded me for bailing on them for so long and made me feel guiltier than I already felt. Emmett didn't hold any grudges and whispered in my ear that he wanted to know everything about these top models. I'd giggled nervously and had told him we'd talk later. I stepped out of the guest room, and made my way downstairs, feeling lighter than I had in years. When I got to the end of the stairs, I heard another voice. A familiar voice I hadn't heard in way too long. My heart started to beat faster at the anticipation to see Jasper again. I worried about his reaction and felt nervous all over again, and yet so completely excited to see him again. I made my way to the living room and I first noticed Alice and Rosalie sitting down and chatting animatedly. I looked around and finally spotted him. My heart skipped a beat at the sight and my mouth got dry. He had his back to me, talking to Bella and Emmett. I noticed right away how his body had changed throughout the years. His grey sweater was tight and snuggled his frame nicely. Toned muscles had replaced his lanky teenage figure. His wavy, dirty-blond hair was shorter than the last time I had seen him, but it was still long enough to play with and brush your fingers through. I shook my head at that thought. Bella saw me first and she waved. I smiled back and walked towards them. My pulse was racing. I inhaled deeply to calm my nerves. Jasper turned around and our eyes met at last. I couldn't resist the smile that spread on my face at the joy to see him again. He returned a smile but it was small and strained. I immediately noticed that it didn't reach his eyes. The blue was missing its shine as he glared at me. I gulped as I reached them. "Hey you, how are you feeling?" Bella asked as she hooked her arm around mine. "I feel refreshed," I replied as I turned to face Jasper. " Hey, Jasper," I said, trying to keep my voice steady but failing miserably. I extended my arm, knowing that a hug was out of a question. "It's so nice to see you again." He shook my hand politely and I had to hold my breath so I wouldn't let out the moan that the flesh-to-flesh connection sparkled. I noticed his sharp inhale before he swiftly pulled his hand away. He was being so cold and distant toward me. It stung. All I wanted was to drop to my knees and beg for his forgiveness. I knew I had really hurt him in the past, and I was intent on apologizing and fixing my mistakes. "What? That's how you two greet each other after ten fucking years!" Emmett suddenly exclaimed. He shoved me closer to Jasper and grabbed Jasper by the arm, bringing us closer to one another, with no way to escape. "Come on men, hug it out! You two were inseparable during senior year!" We had no choice but hug so I closed the gap, my eyes fixed on him at first. I tried to convey that I was sorry and that I still cared for him with my eyes but all I saw in return was fury. I flinched at the hostility in his stare and shamefully lowered my gaze. We awkwardly hugged in a very manly embrace, with only one arm and a few taps to each other's back. It was heartbreaking to feel Jasper so closed-off and so antagonistic. Hadn't he missed me at all? How could he still resent me after ten years? "Okay, are we all ready? Let's go to Mill Creek and party like when we were 17," Alice exclaimed, dancing around and making everybody laugh. I quickly stepped away, feeling a knot forming in my chest. I hadn't expected a warm welcome back from Jasper, but seeing his hatred was utterly painful. I guess I had naively hoped that Jasper would forgive me immediately for my past actions. I