THE DREAM Katniss opened her eyes and stared up at flecks of blue peeking through a blanket of green. She blinked and tried to focus her eyes. What woke her up... she laid there and listened. But all she could hear were the sounds that the woods make, in the early morning, when everything is starting to come alive for the new day. She looked over to the other side of the campfire where Gale should have been sleeping but he wasn't there... nothing was there. No Gale, no blankets, no supplies... nothing. She sat up and looked around but didn't recognize where she was. Would Gale have just left her here by herself? She knew that they had words and she had said some terrible things to him. But... she never thought he would just leave her... he had said he would never leave her... that he would always be there. She tentatively called out, "Gale... Gale." And then louder "GALE!" She got up on her knees and looked around, "He wouldn't leave me. He's always had my back. He wouldn't leave me... would he?" The more she argued with herself, the tighter her chest became. The tighter her chest became the more air she tried to suck into her lungs. She tried to stand up, but a wave of dizziness hit her as she continued to breath hard and fast. Everything was starting to spin around and around and she crashed back down with an "oomph." Katniss drew her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms tight around them. She laid her forehead on her knees. "Okay... just calm down... think Katniss... THINK." She sat there and listened. "Okay, what woke me up? There was a noise... something... familiar." She felt it was... something she had been missing... missing so bad that it hurt. Then she heard it again. She froze in place, and held her breath. Every nerve in her body was tingling. Every hair was standing on end. She thought, 'No... No... this can't be... can it!' Then she heard... her name... someone was calling her name. But it wasn't just someone... it was... Prim! Katniss jumped to her feet and screamed, "PRIM... PRIM... WHERE ARE YOU... PRIM... TELL ME WHERE YOU ARE!" "I am over here, Katniss... over here!" Katniss spun around in the direction of Prim's voice and started running. She ran through the bushes and jumped over logs not caring that her exposed skin was being scratched and she was bleeding. She would only slow down to call out Prim's name again and Prim would answer "Here Katniss... over here." Katniss finally burst through a thick layer of underbrush and out into, what looked like, a small clearing. The clearing was covered by a dense mist and Katniss called out, "PRIM... Prim are you here?" The mist began to swirl around and then lifted slowly revealing Prim. She stood there smiling and said, "Here I am Katniss." Katniss stood frozen for just a minute and then she launched herself at her and hugged her so tight that Prim finally gasped out, "Katniss... I ...can't ... breath." Katniss fell to her knees in front of Prim and began to examine her from head to toe, to see if she was okay. To see if she was real. Prim started giggling and squirming until she finally squeaked out, "Stop... your... tickling... me!" Katniss finally stopped looking her over satisfied that she was okay... but was she real!? She just starred at Prim with eyes full of tears and confusion. "I have missed you Katniss." "Oh, I have missed you so much little duck and I am so sorry. I tried to get to you." Katniss exclaimed through tears. "But..." Katniss wiped her face on the back of her hand. "I don't understand... you were... there was a bomb ... and fire... and you were." Prim reached out and touched Katniss face, "I know. It's okay. Really, it is. Come and sit with me for awhile." She took Katniss by the hand and lead her over to a log on the far side of the clearing. There was a big pot of rabbit stew cooking over a fire and Prim stooped down and stirred the stew, sending up the mouth watering aroma of the simmering concoction. Which, caused Katniss's stomach to send her a loud reminder that she had not been eating much lately. Prim turned, smiling and shaking her head, and sat down on the log motioning for Katniss to join her. Prim reached into a bag she had sitting next to the log and took out some cloths and a bowl which she filled with water. She began to clean the cuts and scraps on Katniss's arms and face and applied some healing herbs. Katniss just sat on the log next to Prim and starred at her, afraid to take her eyes off of her. Afraid that if she even blinked Prim would be gone. Because, this can't be real... can it, Katniss thought. But really it didn't matter to her. Prim was here in front of her and she wasn't going to let her go. When she was done doctoring Katniss's wounds Prim softly said, "I am only here for a short time Katniss." Katniss started to protest but, Prim held up her hand and stated, "I have come to help you. Help you to understand and sort out everything that you won't let yourself feel." Prim looked at Katniss with that 'I know you don't like this kind of thing, but it needs to happen' look. "I know that you and mom have not had the best relationship since daddy died. You have always felt that she let you down and me too. That she should have stepped up and taken care of us." Katniss just turned her head and looked into the fire. "She should have been there to take care of you, Prim. She should have been the mother you needed after daddy died. But she wasn't there." Prim reached out and took Katniss chin in her hand and turned her face back toward her. "She should have been there for YOU Katniss. She should have been there to help YOU with all the responsibilities of the survival of our family. But... I think now you know what she was going through... right." Katniss just looked at Prim with that stubborn tilt of her head that Prim knew all to well. "How would I know what she was going through. She didn't talk, she barely ate anything. You took care of her most of the time. She just checked out on... YOU!" "I know Katniss. But... since the second arena... you have become the one thing you hated most about mom. After... what happened in the square... you have locked yourself away... not dealing with anything... not eating... not taking care of yourself. Not caring whether you live or die. Can't you see that mom felt that way after daddy died. That daddy was the one who kept her strong. That they were two halves to the same whole and without him she was lost." Katniss eyes flashed with her, 'I know the answer to this but I am not ready to given in yet', glint. "All I know is she wasn't there for YOU. She wasn't there to help... YOU." Prim's eyes flashed back with, 'I don't have time to beat around the bush. You need to understand now.' "NO... Katniss. You mean she wasn't there for YOU. She let YOU down and you feel she has done it again. She didn't come home to twelve like she should have. Right! Like you wanted her to do! Like you needed her to do! Right!" Katniss stared into Prim''s ice blue eyes and knew she had to finally relinquish the truth. "Yes... YES... she should have been there for me after daddy died. She should have helped me take care of you, take care of us. She should have come home with ME. But, she didn't... WHY... didn't she come home with me." Katniss asked through tears. "Why... didn't she take care of me... when I needed her most." Prim sighed and took Katniss's hand. "She just needed time to deal with everything Katniss. You have always been so strong and determined. You have always hated her for her weakness and she knew she needed to be strong. She knew coming back to twelve would bring back memories of daddy and me. And I don't think she felt she could do it. I don't think she wanted to fall apart and not be able to be there for you, again. I think she felt she could help you better from where she is now. YOU just need to reach out to her. To call her and talk to her. The two of you need to heal together. You need to be a family again. Because, in the end, she is your mother and she loves you and you only have each other." Katniss just starred into the fire and thought about what Prim had said. Yes, she did hate her mother for her weakness and she had... in many ways, become what she hated most about her mother. Maybe, her mother was trying to help her in the best way she could. Maybe, it is up to me to bridge the gap that was created when daddy died. Maybe... we could become a family again. Maybe. Prim just waited patiently for Katniss to process everything they had talked about. She watched the different emotions play over her face. When she was satisfied that Katniss was ready to move on, she touch her hand to get her attention. "Now, we need to talk about your 'choice'. Because, now you do have the power to make a 'choice.' Something that... certain people and certain circumstances took away from you before." Katniss looked confused, "What do you mean my choice?" "You need to decide between Peeta and Gale." Then Prim chuckled and said, "Or neither... which is pretty much you. But, you also need to remember, that there are no more camera's recording your every word and your every move. There are no more crowds to please or Snow to convince that you're in love. So, Katniss did you love Peeta during the first game? Did you fall in love with him later?" Katniss was stunned. Prim was right. It was her choice now. There wasn't anyone she had to convince... not anymore. Did she love Peeta during the first game. No. She went to find Peeta, after the rule change... because she owed him... because she had a debt to repay and she had never had the opportunity to... thank him... to repay him. But, if she could help him survive... well.. then they would be even. She also knew that two people could survive better then one. After all she had been a part of a partnership that secured the survival of two families for over four years. Prim continued to watch the questions brush across Katniss's face and she knew she needed time to work through things. Katniss knew she had grown to rely on Peeta because he was there... going through the same things she was and she was thankful she wasn't facing them alone. If she was being fair to herself and to Peeta - she knew their relationship was based on lies and horrific and brutal circumstances. But, is it fair.. is it right to love someone for those reasons. Did she love him... No... not during the first games.. but later... Yes... but, was it a forever kinda of love... the love a woman should have for a man? She wasn't sure. Katniss stared into the fire and whispered, "I am not sure if I love Peeta for the right reasons. He is a wonderful, kind and loving man. Any girl would be grateful