Chapter One If anything has been clear to me, it is that I am a massive Potterhead (and am proud of it, RAVENCLAW PRIDE!), so I'm kind of embarrassed to admit that this will be my first pure Harry Potter fanfiction – I've done crossovers, but have decided that it's time to venture beyond those walls, into the mystical land of time travel… NOTE: In the summary, I wrote that this isn't Deathly Hallows compliant – this is a sort of rewrite for their seventh year. Most of Queen Rowling's Half-Blood Prince is compliant with this fic, other than the fact that Harry hadn't planned to go horcrux hunting at the end of his sixth year. Also, Voldemort hasn't yet seized the ministry yet, so Harry isn't on the run from it yet (hence him being able to attend Hogwarts freely)… everything else will be revealed in its own time. "Shit." Hermione didn't even have the breath left to chastise Harry's vulgar language. Said vulgar-speaker trusted that she would have if she hadn't been too busy clutching the stitch at her side, but as the situation stood, she didn't. Instead, Hermione settled for a pointed look as she regained her dignity, leaning heavily against a desk in the empty classroom. For the time being, Harry pressed his back against the classroom door, preventing any of their possible pursuers from easily breaking down the door. It was a very muggle manoeuvre, but it an automatic response. "Of all the idiotic things," Hermione finally said, scraping her fingers through her hair in an exasperated motion. They settled into silence again, making it clear to Harry that she would not be elaborating on that statement. "To be fair," he said, after the pause, "Malfoy started it." "You didn't have to fire the Melofors Jinx at him," said Hermione coolly, "simply because he called you 'scarhead' and me 'mudblood'. That's really very tame for him, Harry. He utters those words every second breath he takes. The fact that he got such a reaction from you over such a minor thing is really going to boost his ego, you know." "But I took care of that, didn't I?" Harry said, unable to stop the grin from stretching across his mouth in the face of Hermione's chagrin. "Nobody walking around with a pumpkin as a head is gonna be feeling too up himself, eh?" Hermione appeared to be losing a battle to keep from smiling herself, before she finally let herself freely show her glee over Draco Malfoy's misfortune. "Alright, fine," she relented. "It was pretty funny." They exchanged smiles for half a second, before the expression dripped off of Harry's face, like ice cream melting in the sun. Harry knew that the last time he had left Hogwarts, he had left a very changed person. Subdued and reserved, smiles and laughter coming with difficulty. He felt like a young boy, forced to grow up before he even had a chance at a proper childhood. Hermione looked away after he did. Nobody was more aware of these changes than herself and Ron. "It doesn't mean I approve even if the prat does deserve it," she pouted. "Says the one who punched him in third year," Harry pointed out, to which his companion blushed. "Tensions were high, is all," she muttered, turning her head to look out the window, and Harry's gaze followed hers. It was dark out, the moon sailing high through the sea of cold and distant stars. There was a hush over the castle which was almost tangible, even more so by night, ever since the death of the renowned headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, at the end of last year's school year. It remained that Harry had been tasked with the job of hunting horcruxes at the time of Dumbledore's death, but he had yet to carry out the task. Ron and Hermione remained adamant that they would be joining him in his undertaking, despite Harry's protests. Technically, he told himself, he had already begun the job, due to what had occurred earlier in the year, concerning an empty cave, a crafty potion, a counterfeit locket and a hell of a lot of inferi. Harry hated remembering that day. He hated remembering anything, period. Nowadays, the merest hint of anything from his troubled past sent tremors of hatred, regret and guilt coursing through his bloodstream, all at once. Memories of his parents' faces in the Mirror of Erised, of Cedric Diggory's frozen, staring face, of the twinkle in Albus Dumbledore's bright blue eyes, and of the hope that had blossomed deep within him when he had first learned that he might, just might, find family with Sirius Black. Oh, Sirius. Harry expelled a shaky breath, knowing that Hermione would hear it no matter how quietly he did it. Ever since the holidays and the beginning of their seventh and final year at Hogwarts, Harry had been debating with Hermione and Ron when he would leave (or, as they liked to correct, when "we" would leave), and had been incredibly prone to erupting into bouts of frustrated shouting – quite frankly, it didn't astonish him that everybody else in the school seemed to avoid being alone in the same room with him like the plague. With an exception to the ever-faithful Ron and Hermione. And Luna (but she was half nuts, so). Harry was of the opinion that he ("we") should have left during the holidays in pursuit of the real locket that the mysterious R.A.B. had nabbed. Hermione had disagreed, resolute that they would be wasting their breath chasing ghosts, and that they might as well actually formulate a plan of action (which was, at this point, virtually non-existent). Ron had sided with her, obviously, as he had become quite the typical image of the lovelorn teenager ("I am of age , Harry," Ron had retorted when Harry had shared this opinion). Then, earlier that day, it had come to Harry, Ron and Hermione that perhaps Voldemort, or rather Tom Riddle at the time of the manufacturing of the horcruxes, had not only used Salazar Slytherin's locket, but perhaps also artefacts of the other founders. Luna had helpfully offered (vaguely) the concept of Ravenclaw's lost diadem over breakfast in the Great Hall when she had overheard them discussing the matter in hushed tones. "But where do you find a bloody diadem which has the word 'lost' in its title?" Ron had asked as they headed to Charms class. "That's pretty obvious, Ronald," said Hermione. "In the place where lost things go." The Room of Requirement . It was sound logic, Harry decided, as so the three decided to sneak out that night under the cover of the invisibility cloak and with the Marauder's Map. Unfortunately, during their last period of Transfiguration, while attempting to transfigure their partner's nose to a carrot ("Quite useless, really," said Hermione as she successfully transfigured Padma Patil's nose to an orange, pointy vegetable and back again), Harry, in his usual distracted state of mind, turned Ron's skin bright orange alongside a head full of leafy green hair. Ron had been ordered to the hospital wing and hadn't returned for dinner or afterwards, which had resulted in Harry and Hermione seeking out the diadem themselves. Along the way in the corridors, after accidentally dropping the Marauder's Map, they had stumbled upon Draco Malfoy while crouching down to claim it again – literally. The Malfoy heir had sent them tumbling when he walked into them, revealing themselves, the cloak and the map. Malfoy had stared at them with a nasty sneer forming on his mouth, before his eyes had been drawn to the map lying at his feet. Both Harry and Hermione had hurriedly pulled themselves to their feet, Hermione scrambling to snatch the cloak from the floor and Harry lurching forwards to grab the map, but the damage was already done – that much was clear from the widening of Malfoy's eyes as he studied the map. Harry hid it within the folds of his robes, glowering at Malfoy as if the venom in his eyes could erase the other boy's memory of the map. "Whatever could you and the mudblood be doing out so late, pothead," the blonde sneered, "with a map like that in your possession?" His sneering was only half-hearted, though – since last year, he had been lacking in his usual slick demeanour – his complexion was constantly pallid, deep shadows beneath his eyes and his tangled hair hadn't been slicked back for longer than Harry could remember. A life of servitude to Voldemort was obviously not treating him well. Not that Harry was one to talk when it came to one's body's conditions. He doubted that he looked much better than his schoolyard nemesis anymore. How the great Potter and Malfoy rivals had fallen since Harry had rejected the other's handshake on their first night at Hogwarts. "It's none of your business," Harry snapped in response to Malfoy's rude question, his fingers itching to cast either a very strong memory charm or a nasty hex. Hermione grabbed his wrist, sensing his change in mood. "We could ask you why you're wandering the hallways at midnight as well, Malfoy," she said calmly, and the Slytherin abruptly averted his attention onto her. " I happen to be Head Boy," he said, "and am doing my rounds to pick up miscreants like yourselves." "Bullshit," Harry put forward instantly. No way was Malfoy coming around the corner from the Room of Requirement because he was on Head Boy rounds. "Language, pothead," Malfoy said coldly. "I'm thinking that confiscating that map from you is in order, as well as that cloak of yours. Might as well throw in fifty points from Gryffindor each, for being out after curfew." Harry swore at Malfoy viciously. Just 'cause. He could practically hear Hermione groaning from behind him. "Ah, yes, thank you for that reminder," Malfoy added, because he couldn't help himself. "How about another fifty for addressing your superiors in such a manner? Oh, and fifty from you too, Granger, for being a mudblood." "You forget that I'm still the Gryffindor prefect," said Hermione, her voice like icicles. "I could report you for such blatant abuse of your powers as a Head." "Who would listen to you?" Malfoy asked, with clear derision in his voice. It was true. With Severus Snape as Headmaster and the rest of the professors under his thumb, there was absolutely nothing that Harry or Hermione could do. Harry suddenly wilted, overwhelmed by a wave of hopelessness washing over him. How on earth was he meant to defeat a dark lord if he couldn't even come out victorious from a wrangle with Draco Malfoy? Malfoy, whose nose was trained to scent weakness, detected Harry's defeat and smirked. "Just as I thought," he said, before rapidly summoning the map and cloak from Harry and Hermione. "Now I'll take you to the Headmaster for your punishment." He turned and walked away, clearly expected the other two to follow him. Harry glanced at Hermione as she did to him, both wearing thinly disguised expressions of anger. Malfoy half-turned, noting their lack of obedience. "Is this going to take all night," he snarled, "because I don't want to be seen in the morning in the company of the likes of a mudblood, and you, scarhead–" The word 'scarhead' had barely crossed his lips before Harry's vision went red, and then he was drawing his wand, directing it firmly on Malfoy and enunciating, " Melofors ," and a giant pumpkin popped into existence, encasing the victim's head. Malfoy unleashed a most unbecoming shriek of fury just as Harry came to his senses and wondered why in Merlin and Morgana's names he had done that. Hermione latched onto Harry's arm. " Filch ," she hissed in warning, both pausing to listen for the tell-tale pitter-patter of Mrs. Norris behind the solid barrier of Malfoy's swearing at