Pureblood Mania Nicoletta, Natalia and Nathaniel Nott walked into their fathers study with pale and nervous faces. The three were triplets, in fact they were identical. Nicoletta and Natalia could not be told apart, even by their own parents. They both had thick, luscious, dark midnight blue hair that had a slight wave to it. Their hair just brushed the tip of their shoulders. They were both incredibly pale, but not Malfoy pale. No, their skin had that brush of color to it, hinting that they were pale because they spent so much time inside. They both had full, dark lips and small noses. Their eyes were a dark blue. Both girls loved quidditch. They could hours playing it in the backyard. Their mother made them cover up when they went outside, so they stayed pale, but the girls didn't mind. As long as they got to play quidditch they were fine. To friends they were referred to as Nic and Nat. To adults, strangers and their parents, they were Nicoletta and Natalia. But the two girls were never alone, another person had to complete the trio. That person was Nathaniel, or Nate. Like the girls he had the inky black hair and dark blue eyes but he had the tan skin of a seasoned quidditch player. His hair fell limply into his eyes, as was the fashion. To most older girls, he was a teen heartthrob still growing up. He was tan and muscled, dressed impeccably but still had this casual air around him like his sisters. Needless to say, there really was not many differences between the three. They all stood still and nervous as they sat down in the stiff and formal seats across their fathers desk in his study. Their father surveyed them for a moment. The girls were dressed in flowy cream button down shirts. However, they were the stiff material he wore. It was a more causal type of material, yet it gave the wearer a sharp vibe. They also wore dark blue jeans that reached the middle of their calfs before being rolled. To complete the outfit each girl wore brown sandals and gold jewelry. Nathaniel wore a dark blue Puddlemere shirt and tan shorts. He nodded his approval of their outfits before leaning back into his chair. The triplets or trio, were leaving for Hogwarts in a few hours, he needed to set some ground rules. He cleared his throat and the only reaction he got was the flicker of Natalia's eyes. They had clearly been talking, well telepathically. They were telepaths. "So, you leave for Hogwarts today." He began. The siblings all nodded their heads at the same time in perfect sync. "I have some expectations of you." He continued. "You must achieve perfect grades. If that means helping each other out on tests," He was referring to they're telepathic ability and paused to see if they followed, he got a nod, "or splitting the workload up among you and copying it," he paused again for affect, "do it." "As for houses. I do not want you in slytherin." Not a single emotion flickered across any of their faces. He had raised them well. He knew they were actually surprised. "I repeat, do NOT get put into Slytherin. We must restore the Nott name, after your grandparents," he spat the word, "ruined it. I want you in Ravenclaw or Gryffindor. Preferably Ravenclaw. No Hufflepuff either." He paused to take a breath. "No spouting pureblood mania. If I hear of it, your broomsticks are taken away for a full year." The siblings all quickly nodded their head, he knew the threat itself could make them refuse to speak for a year. They loved flying too much. "Now, please make an effort to get onto your houses team. Oh, and you three all have to be in the same house. If you don't, same threat." He glared at each of them in turn. "Make small talk with the Weasley's if you must. No friendships no battles. You must be write home once a week, each of you. Any questions?" A slight shake of head from each of them. "You are excused." Nate rose first before pulling each girls chair out for them like a gentleman. Like he was raised. Theodore was determined to raise the Nott name to greatness again, even if that meant controlling his children. With a sigh, he watched the door close behind them, glad he only had to send three more children off to Hogwarts after them. Another pair of triplets. The moment the door closed behind them Natalia instantly began chatting. " What house?" "Gryffindor." Nic replied firmly. "Ravenclaw's too boring." "Like father." Nate replied dryly. Natalia fought to keep her face still as they walked down the hall to the front door. "Gryffindor it is. Father is certainly focused on making the Nott name great again." "So, do you think we should make friends with the Wotter's?" Nic asked. "I think we should. We can do what we want with our lives." Nate answered. "Well I think we should meet them first. Than decide." Nat announced as their mother appeared. "Stop talking darlings. And make sure you talk aloud when we you get on the train. It makes people nervous." The triplets had inherited many things from their mother. They had the same color skin and hair, but they all had the facial features of a Nott and the thick hair. "Yes mother." They replied simultaneously. "And don't do that. It's uncanny. Now hurry along, the limousine is waiting." The triplets walked out the door quietly. The family's limousine waited in the front yard on the stone brick driveway. Together they got into the car, the second pair of triplets already inside. Nika, Nick and Nathan. More n's. Natalia thought her parents were crazy. And on top of that, she had two older siblings, a pair of twins, named Noel and Nolan. All of the siblings were telepathic with their shared birthday siblings. They were soon joined by the twins, who took looks more from they're father. They had dark brown hair but they had the dark blue eyes. Both twins had the tan skin of their father and were in Gryffindor. The younger triplets had golden colored hair, tan skin and light blue eyes. All of the girls of the family while the boys all wore different shirts. "I'm bored." Natalia announced to Nic and Nate. "Aren't you always?" Nic asked. "Read the transfiguration book." Nate suggested. "Already have done it. Twice. And it was boring!" "Fine, what is the key concept in learning how to transfigure?" Nate quizzed her. "To think of it already doing as you asked. For instance, if you are turning a rock into a leaf, you must think of the rock as a leaf as you perform the spell. The same goes for charms. In order to do Wingdarium Leviosa you must think of the feather already in the air." Nat answered without skipping a beat. "And the scientistic name of the Fanged Wolf Hound plant, found in the swam areas of Brazil?" "The Canis Lupus Texere." "And what language is that from?" "It was depicted from latin in the early eighteenth century." "Nicoletta! Do you remember anything else that was ins subscript and Natalia may not of read?" "You do realize that is hopeless right Nate? Having a photographic memory means you remember everything." Nicoletta or Nic responded. "Just try." Nate pleaded. "Fine. What type of stone was Albus Dumbledore's grave made from?" Natalia thought for a moment. "Marble." "Correct. Where was it mined?" "It was not mined. It came from the earth as a blessing and a gift in his honor." "Correct again. You know, we have a good chance of being put in Ravenclaw." "But we don't like to learn. We only know the books already because mother forced us to read them." Nate pointed out wisely. "That is true." Natalia answered just as their father got into the limousine and it started moving. "So, have you children already read your books?" He asked them. "Of course Father." Nate replied. Nic and Nat kept silent, as their mothers wish. "Alright then, what happens when you mix wolfs fang and ground proxy root Natalia?" "You will get a explosion, as long as a distinct smell of blueberries. The explosion will be bright blue, according to Potions; A New Adventure By Jack Brown ." Natalia answered smoothly. "And the prime concept of learning charms Nicoletta?" Their mother asked. "The prime concept of learned charms is to imagine it already happening. For instance, in order to do Wingdarium Leviosa you must think of the feather already in the air." Nicoletta replied, borrowing Natalia's words from their earlier conversation. "Final question is for you Nate. What is the brightest star in the Scorpius constellation?" "Antares." Nate answered confidently. Scorpius was their cousins name, who was coming to school with them this year, and his owls name was Antares. The triplets all had pets as well. They each owned a different pet. Nate had a owl named Starlight. Starlight was all black with white dots on her wings. Nicoletta and Natalia both had pet cats. Nicoletta's was all black with a white dot on her forehead named Estrella. Natalia's was all white with one black dot on her forehead named Nigrum Stella, which meant black star, in latin. When they had gotten them and named them their family had stared in disbelief. "So essentially, you all got pets and named them Star?" Noel had asked gobsmacked. "Yep!" Natalia had answered happily. "Merlins pants, you guys are crazy." Nolan had announced. Natalia looked around the car as they drove to a safe apparition spot. Noel and Nate appeared to be deep in conversation, telepathically of course. Her mother fiddled with her earring as her father read a small book. The younger triplets were tossing a quaffle back and forth, they were quidditch obsessed like the older triplets. "We are apprating in 3…" The voice of a servant came over the intercom. "2…1…" Natalia felt the familiar whoosh and her stomach drop to her feet before she opened her eyes again. They were driving along the streets in crowded London. "We will arrive at Kings Cross in five minutes." Natalia sighed and gestured to the younger triplets to let her join the passing circle. After a couple rounds she tossed it back to Nike, who tossed it to Nick, who tossed it back to Natalia, who tossed it to Nathan. Seconds later they had developed a complex passing pattern. Natalia furrowed her brow as she concentrated on remembering who to pass to and to pass quick. The car slid to a quick stop and Natalia slid into Nate who quickly reached out and grabbed Nicoletta to keep her from sliding into the mini bar. Oh right! The mini bar! Natalia excused herself from the passing circle and grabbed a cocktail glass and put it on the 'replenisher'. Frowning she looked over the menu. Orange, apple or cranberry juice, flavored water, milk, gatorade, lemonade, or soda. No juice, that was too acidic and gave her a upset stomach. She had milk this morning and lemonade, gatorade and soda was for the afternoon. She clicked water and got lemon and basil. Quietly she sipped it as she watched the city fly by out the window. In twenty minutes she would escape her parents. Sighing she decided to talk to her siblings. "So, are you guys excited to leave?" "Damn right you are." Nate replied. She knew he couldn't wait to escape the stuffy house. "Yes! I can't wait to get to learn and meet new friends and fly whenever I want!" Nicoletta replied happily, even though her face was void of emotions. That year the ban on brooms for first years had been lifted and their parents had bought them brand new ThunderBolts. There were LighteningBolts and