Disclaimer: I own nothing. Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling. Everything else belongs to its respective owners. Special mentions of what I don't own will be made when we get to cross over territories. Many people say that life is precious. Many more say that children should be cherished even more, some going as far as blessing them. Harry Potter did not feel precious or blessed as he ran from his relative's house after they had locked him out of the house again, in the middle of winter, with nothing but the clothes on his back and a fractured wrist from his horribly overweight uncle stepping on it. This was even worse for young Harry as his clothes were several sizes too large for him and ratty, providing even less warmth for the underfed, borderline malnourished, seven year old. So it was to no surprise that as Harry was running through the park that he tripped on his oversized running shoes, falling and tearing his clothes and thus scraping his face, knees and elbow, having known to protect his broken wrist and breaking the cheap pair of glasses framing vibrant emerald green eyes. Eyes that held more than a few tears from pain and the knowledge that his relatives hoped he died that night. Getting up and shaking his unruly raven black hair to get the snow out of it, he knew he needed to think to live through the night. As Harry was sitting down on the nearby park bench, he thought about what he was going to do to survive the night, and possibly more than that. Harry was a smart kid, having gotten straight A's on his first report card. After which he was lashed with his Uncle Vernon's belt for "trying to upstage Dudley", his also overweight cousin. Since then he made sure he was barely passing, which was actually harder to do than getting perfect scores, so that he would not be beaten by his relatives. Not that it helped of course. Right now Harry knew that to survive the night he had to take shelter and stay warm. All his thoughts came to a halt however, when he heard branches rustling behind him. Slowly turning his head, from both exhaustion and wariness, he saw the low branches of the pine trees at the edge of the park shifting and shuffling. Curious, Harry hopped off the bench and started walking towards the moving area of trees which was about a five metre gap. However, he stopped moving when he saw two glowing amber eye-ish shapes, what with forsaking the broken glasses and leaving then where they were earlier, and hearing the panting for what was distinctly a canine-like shape in the branches. "Um, nice dog?" whispered a now scared Harry as the now vaguely-a-wolf blurry shape started growling and its hackles rising. Almost sensing the danger, the eight year old slowly backed away. Or he would have had the wolf-like animal start bounding after him causing Harry to start running. He managed to get halfway through the park before he was pushed to the ground by the wolf-esque thing that had just launched and landed on his back. Of course, all thoughts stopped when he felt teeth imbed themselves in his right shoulder and start flailing it's head as if trying to tear his shoulder out of its socket, shortly followed by what felt like fire growing in his veins, joined soon by a feeling as if his existence was being erased and pushed into nothingness. As he started convulsing and silently screaming from the agony, he failed to notice the gleam of satisfaction in the now clearly a werewolf's gaze as it let go of the child's shoulder and back away from the child and disappear back in the trees. While Harry was going through the torture that was lycanthropy being introduced into his system, a battle was raging deeply within him. The lycanthropy fighting to infect and claim and fight while his magic was fighting both the virus and the Horcrux imbedded in the boys lightning shaped scar upon his brow that sought to absorb and take over and control . As his inborn magical core had been fighting the Horcrux for a little over seven years now, making his core stronger in the process, fighting two separate dark magic's was going beyond it's limits and thus it started to pull magic from the nearest and strongest source. Of course, since this was a muggle neighbourhood there was no one to donate magic in miles, so it pulled from the source. It pulled from the Earth itself. To Harry the effect was nearly instantaneous after several minutes of flailing in agony. The pain morphed from fire in his veins and the void swallowing him to feeling as if his uncle was sitting on him. Outside, it looked as if he was just recovering for his episode. Inside however, his magic, now fuelled by the Earth, after removing the soul fragment and taint from the Horcrux, and the curse from lycanthropy absorbed both of them and assimilated their strengths and funneled some of the magic of the earth at the same time. What this resulted in was Harry's soul being engraved and enhanced with the abilities of a werewolf and of the not-as-dead-as-people-think Dark Lord Voldemort alongside his own natural talents, and a blessing from the entity of the Earth. A blessing from Gaia herself. And thus, the last thing that Harry was aware of before he fell unconscious was the pain finally leaving and a loud Ping! XXXXX Meanwhile, in a castle in Scotland, several delicate and intricate silver decorations exploded in an amalgam of noise, shrapnel, and magic from the various charms laid on them. Fortunately for one Albus Dumbledore, the owner of said office, he was away at an ICW meeting when the explosion rocked his office. Unfortunately for him, his bonded phoenix was hit in the neck by some of the shrapnel, forcing a burning day to happen for the phoenix to keep being immortal. Also unfortunately for him, his instruments that would alert him to other breaking were also destroyed. Needless to say, when Dumbledore returned to his office in a week's time, he was in for a large shock. And more than a few irate teachers and students. XXXXX Harry's POV: I woke up at dawn on December 29th 2009 feeling very groggy and I saw a very strange sight. Said sight being a blue rectangle with writing that I could read clearly without my glasses. In fact, I noticed everything seemed clear and crisp to my sight, even my glasses at the edge of the park that were clearly broken. Observation aside, I decided to read the box, of which there were now a few, to see what the heck they were. [Greetings! Congratulations on receiving Gaia's blessing and welcome to the Game!] "…I'm hallucinating. Or I've gone crazy. Or both. *sigh* Great. Well I guess I should keep reading." I said with a mildly dejected air. This was basically proof to me that some of what my relatives said, namely them calling me a freak, was at least partially true. [Would you like to play the Tutorial? Y/N] "Might as well see what this is so yeah, sure." [Hello there, chosen one of Gaia. Somehow, whether through being your world's hero or being in great peril, Gaia has given you the blessing of being your world's Gamer. This means many things. But first, let's start with one of the most important screens. Say or think 'Status'.] "Okay. This isn't hurting me so I guess I'll listen. Status." As I said this, another two windows appeared in front of me, one in front of the other. [Status: Name: Harry James Potter Race: ? /Werewolf HP: 200/200 MP: 450/450 SP: 150/150 Level: 1 EXP: 0.1% STR: 4 CON: 5 DEX: 5 INT: 8 WIS: 7 CHA: 3 (-5) (+2) LUC: 1 Money: £0 G0 S0 K0 Summary: Harry Potter is an underfed orphan whose parents, ? and ?, were killed by ?. He has no idea what he is or why his relatives call him a freak and abuse him, other than that they are connected somehow. He was bitten by a werewolf while his magic was fighting the Horcrux, the piece of the soul of the man who killed his parents in his scar, thus his magic pulled on the magic of Gaia leading to him becoming the Gamer.] "What?!" I was amazed and concerned. That wasn't a dream? That was a werewolf that bit him?! He has a piece of someone else's soul inside him?! How?! "Okay, let's think. I'm a werewolf now. Okay. I have magic, so I must be a wizard or magician or something. Okay, cool. That's, only most of my world turned upside down." [Due to coming to several logical conclusions, your WIS has been raised by 3!] "Not helping! Okay, what's next?" 'Oh well' I thought 'at least I'm benefitting from whatever this is' [Here is a short description of each attribute and what it does for you. STR- Strength How much weight you can lift and how hard you can hit. Increases physical damage done. Increases damage resistance. Able to carry more. 1 STR = 5 lbs carrying capacity. CON- Constitution The measure of health of your body. Increases HP per level. Increases health recovery rate. 1 CON = +25 HP per level. 1 CON = +1% HP per Min. per level. Warning! : If CON or HP ever hits or goes below zero from anything, you will die. DEX- Dexterity How agile one is with their body or their hands. Improves weapon handling. Increases speed. Improves stealth. Increases stamina per level. Increases stamina recovery rate. 1 DEX = +25 SP per level. 1 DEX = +1% SP per Min. per level. Warning! : If SP bar is empty you will be unable to move for 2 minutes. INT- Intelligence How well one can take in and understand knowledge. Increases mana per level. Increases certain spell's effectiveness. 1 INT = +25 MP per level. 10 INT = +1 stat point. Warning! : If MP is empty you will lose consciousness! WIS- Wisdom The ability to make good and sound decisions. Increases certain spell's effectiveness. Allows choices. Increases mana regeneration. 1 WIS = +1% MP per Min. per level. CHA- Charisma The ability to be convincing and believable. Increases reputation gains. Increases certain spell's effectiveness. Current Perks/Flaws: Rags for clothes, Boy-Who-Lived. LUC- Luck How lucky one is. Improves loot drops. Increases Good luck by 2% per level. Decreases Bad luck by 1% per level.] "Wait, 'Perks and Flaws'? What are those?" [We'll get to those in a minute. Now say or think 'Skills'] I did so. Another window. [Welcome to the skills menu! This is where all of your skills are listed. Passive: Gamer's Body- LVL. MAX Allows one to live life as if it were a video game, quests and all. Prevents serious injury by replacing physical damage with HP damage. Does not prevent dismemberment. Gamer's Mind- LVL. MAX Allows one to stay calm and collected even under stressful situations. Provides natural mental shields. Renders owner immune to psychological attacks. Warning: Not infallible. Passive/Active: Lupus Maximo/Beast Form- LVL. 1- 0% You are a man and a wolf. Allows you to change between man, beast, and hybrid forms. Increases strength and speed in all forms. Heightens senses. The higher the level, the faster and less painfully you are able to change and reduces the cost of changing. Cost: 50 MP Active: Observe- LVL. 1- 10% Like it says on the tin, allows user to observe other's HP, MP, and a short description. More info on target is revealed and lowers costs as skill levels up. Cost: N/A] "Wow. I guess that's why I'm so calm right now even though I should be freaking out. That's, handy. I can still feel emotions