Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or references to other franchises in any way, shape, or form. That right goes to their respective owners. I'm just building upon their worlds. I had to marvel at the idiocy of the wizarding world as the man casually obliviated the muggle that was handling the tickets. There were so many better ways this could have been done. Like sending the family away on vacation and then using the land for the Quidditch World Cup. Or buying the land from them and then after the Cup, just repurposed the land. Or many other possibilities that would probably work. And yet they go with this. I sigh as I follow the mass of redheads known as the Weasley family towards our spot. I wonder what stupid thing I'll come across next at the hands of possibly thousands of magical peoples. I get my answer when I see a tent that has a moving advertisement for some washout potion company. And there's another obliviate. I roll my eyes with exasperation. Did magic replace common sense? Is that why wizards hide, because they're scared about people pointing out the falsities of their logic? Probably not, but it's an amusing thought. Until I think back on my own cases of lacking common sense. I hold back a cringe as I think back to my yearly escapades. Yeah, I'm not that much better of an example honestly. At least I'm trying now though, I muse as I remember the books I'd gotten over the summer. A little bit of a smug grin formed on my lips as I thought to how I basically threatened my relatives with having a convict for a godfather. I felt bad for painting Sirius the way I did, but I think he would just see it as a prank. Or get very angry with discovering how I needed to threaten my relatives to treat me at least somewhat normally. That led me to my trips to Diagon Alley and my many book purchases. And while I wasn't a bibliophile, I knew that I couldn't settle for mediocrity anymore. Not after finding out about how my parents were practical geniuses while at Hogwarts. Honestly, I think as I enter the magically enlarged tent, what was I thinking when I signed up for Divination? Going to have to try and see if I can change courses. I did study the third and fourth year books for both Ancient Runes and Arithmancy, as well as the supplementary reading, so I should be able to be on par with the others in my year. Only kicking Divination out though. Care of Magical Creatures is staying as, even though some people say that it's glorified zoo keeping. I say that if you know how to calm a raging animal before it tears off your limbs, investments should be made. That, and part of me was aware of the job opportunities it opened, if I live that long I thought cynically. I ignored everyone for a bit, they were all conversing with each other and I wanted to walk around the grounds. See if I could learn anything from foreign mages, or even makes friends, or allies, whichever they prefer. I let Mr. Weasley know I was leaving, waiting until he sent a nod my way, and left the tent. As I walk though, I'm disappointed to discover that basically everyone here is from either somewhere in the UK, or are from somewhere where the teachings are identical. I sigh as I watch someone try to brew a potion with the stereotypical giant cauldron. They even have a glamour up that makes them seem 'wicked', which just translates to wrinkly, warty, and hunched over. I walk away before that blows up. Idiots, idiots everywhere I think as I see a man in what is clearly a women's nightdress arguing with another wearing a red leotard. As I'm about to turn back to just read a book in the tent though, I see something that catches my eye. I turn and after a second, I can't help but gape. After all, it's not often you see someone floating as they meditate, which, while cliché, is still quite awesome. It's not noticeable unless you look, since he's only floating a few inches of the ground on a thin pillow. I look closer at the aged man and see that is looks like you're stereotypical monk. Robes with a cloth belt around the middle, though I think that there is a name for it, and louse trousers. The man himself is bald, but it looks as if it's by choice, as he doesn't look older than forty. My impromptu inspection ends as I hear a distinctly amused voice behind me. "So, has my dad mystified someone else?" I turn around abruptly at the voice and see that I'm no longer unnoticed. "Well, I mean, it's just, how is he floating?" God damn it I sound like a blundering idiot. Partly due to surprise, and partly due to who is talking to me. One of the few foreign students in Hogwarts, Kaika Kamu was a beautiful girl. She wasn't tall standing at a little over five feet, nor was she overly developed in her looks. If anything she was lithe and agile, and appropriately proportioned. She was currently wearing grey running shoes and dark blue jeans on strong legs, and a red t-shirt hugged her torso under an open leather jacket. Her face was rounded but aristocratic, almost like a princess or priestess for a holy temple or something, with slightly pouty lips and a softer nose. Her dark brown hair was in its standard pixie cut, as she practiced martial arts and often said she didn't like her hair waving about as she moved, as her friends often said. The unique thing about her though were her eyes, not their shape as a slightly slanted and rounder almond shape, but their colour. A startling violet that was looking at me in amusement. I resisted the urge to sigh. Here comes the inquiry as to why I was looking at her so long. "Well, dad would say that he was manipulating the air currents and using them as a cushion through his supreme control, but it's just a hover charm he used on his robes. That's why he's concentrating, so that he doesn't move laterally." She said with amusement clear in her clear bell like alto voice that holds a slight eastern accent. Then her eyes gained a glint to them that did not bode well for me. "So, Harry Potter, checking out little old me? I'm flattered." She finished with clasped hands and batting eyelashes. I tried to say something while not sounding like an idiot. Ugh, god it didn't help that she looked great and was very attractive. Focus Potter! Now's not the time to be distracted by a girl that you might have a crush on! You've faced down a sixty foot snake that could kill you in several different and all equally horrible ways. A girl who's a twelfth that size should be easy. Right? "Well, you are very pretty, but I don't know about checking you out. Just seeing what your normal clothes look like, since Hogwarts robes aren't the most flattering." There complementary and explanatory, hopefully she'll drop it now. Though from the way her eyes gleamed she probably won't. Damn it. "Well he says I'm pretty, eh? I must be gorgeous if I get compliments from the Boy-who-lived." She strikes a pose and I have to prevent myself from looking down, knowing that it's a trap. My eyes strain a little. Just a little look a small voice reasons in my head. No, it's a trap! She looks a little disappointed that I didn't look down. She stops posing and crosses her arms across her chest. She looks at me questioningly. "So what are you doing here?" "Well, I'm on the Earth to learn from humans, I'm at the Quidditch World Cup to watch it, and I'm right here because I wanted to see about the variety of magic from around the world, but all I've seen is stuff we learn at Hogwarts. So, I'm assuming you're here for the game? Who're you cheering for?" Ah, how I love being snarky. To my surprise she laughs. No one laughs when I get snarky. Bonus points to you Kaika! Wait, what? After a minute of laughter she responds. "That was good. I know most people don't like sarcasm but it always makes me laugh! As for who I'm cheering for, it was Bulgaria until we found out that their mascots are veela. So, we're just hoping to see a good game." At seeing my blank look at the word veela, she describes them a little. "Veela are human like beings who can take on bird like qualities when angered or by choice. They also put out this mind influencing wave thing called 'allure' which makes those who are attracted to females, as veela are a female only race, have an intense desire to impress or get their attention." She stopped when I gave an understanding nod with a small smile. There's the Ravenclaw she was sorted as. "Thanks for that tidbit of knowledge. For the game, I'm cheering for Ireland. Partly because I'm competitive and I like to think I'm one of the best seekers out there, partly to annoy my friend who is fanboying like no other for Bulgaria's seeker, Krum wasn't it? And now partly because their mascots sound very annoying. So, how's your summer been?" Well, since I'm already talking to her, might as well ask about how things are. She smiles at me, clearly amused. I'm more than a little worried about the little flips my stomach does when she smiles. Do I like her? Well physically yes, but I should know her better before doing anything. "It was great, thanks for asking! I was in a Taekwondo tournament and came fourth, which is frustrating to no end! Not even a medal for all my hard work. Oh well, there's always next year. How was your summer?" She sounds so sad. Quick say something to make her feel better! Pretty girls shouldn't be sad. Wait a tick. Is puberty kicking in or something? "Well if it's any consolation, you probably did the best and just had an unlucky fight. My summer wasn't bad, for once. Went to Diagon a few times to get some books. I want to see if I can get into the fourth year Runes and Arithmancy while dropping Divination. If I can, I've studied for them. If not, I can just keep studying on my own. Who knows what could come in handy right?" I'm actually talking with a person and it isn't devolving into either shouting or silence. This is awesome! "Yeah, both classes are really cool. Don't know if you can transfer after a year but it's good you're studying them anyways. Knowledge is power after all." She finishes with a small smirk on her pink lips. Wait, why am I focusing so much on her? I look around and notice that at some point during our conversation we went into her family's tent and it looked very welcoming actually. It looked like the interior of a standard Japanese home, wax paper walls, bamboo mats and everything. We're sitting casually on either side of a low table on pillows. I'm a little surprised about how at home I feel, but I guess good company does that to people. And a side note, I really need to work on spatial awareness. "Yeah, I guess so." Silence reigns between the two of us. I glance at my watch and nearly recoil at the time. It's nearly three in the afternoon! I left the tent at around ten or something! Oh crap Hermione is going to kill me. "Hey-""Hey-"We both start