Disclaimer: Anything recognisable as Tolkien's is not mine, but any OCs belong to me and my co-writer Kaylee. We are not making any money from this. Warnings: This story contains spanking of a child in both chapters. I respectfully ask that you please do not read if this is likely to offend you, and if you do choose to read and it still offends you, that you do not send a flame. A/N: This is a continuation of The Greenwood Chronicles, though its current focus is still the Doriathrin characters. Neldiel is now eighteen, the human equivalent of seven, nearly eight. ... Clad in a silk gown of palest rose, with a silver-blue sash around her waist and matching ribbons in her dark hair, Neldiel slipped unseen through clusters of mingling and dancing elves. Satin and velvet and silk brushed her arms as she passed, and perfume tickled her nose; lavender, rose, citrus and lily. Nobody noticed her, not really, and those few who did soon dismissed her from their thoughts. She was an elfling, just a little girl, and soon enough she would be sent off to bed with the other children whilst the adults danced and laughed and drank their way into the night. Neldiel was very sure that was so, but it wasn't time for bed just yet. Part of her was a little annoyed by that. It had been some hours since the feast had started, and the novelty of the exquisite food and the lovely gowns and the sparkling jewels had worn off. There was only so much of each that an eighteen year old elfling could take, and this eighteen year old elfling was going to make her own fun. She disappeared through a small side door that was unguarded, and once out of the ballroom, she broke into a run and darted through the brightly lit caverns of Aran Elu's subterranean palace. It was easy to get lost there. Not for nothing was it called The Thousand Caves. But Neldiel knew her way around the main halls well enough, having visited her father at work and dined with the royal family and accompanied her family to feasts and dances just like the one they had been invited to that night. She had figured out where was guarded and where was not, and she had even been clever enough to memorise the easiest and fastest ways to get outside. Though there was only one doorway into the palace, there were plenty of roofless caverns, open to the starry skies, where flowers bloomed and trees reached for the heavens. Neldiel made her way to the one she knew was nearest, and stood on her tiptoes to unlatch the gate. The latch lifted easily and she slipped through, biting her lip in excitement as she saw it was raining outside. The smooth steps that led down into the garden were mostly dry, protected by overhanging stone, though the night breeze had spattered them with a few rain droplets here and there. She stopped on the bottom step and closed her eyes, before drawing a deep breath and jumping out onto the grass. It was slippery with rain, but she kept her balance and spun around in delight. Her skirt flared out, skimming the scarlet poppies that grew in abundance. The smooth walls of the open aired cavern were slick and glistening wetly, and the elfling stopped to stick her tongue out and catch rainwater on her tongue. Some of it slipped down inside her dress and trickled down the back of her neck, but she didn't really mind all that much. She just giggled and danced again, twirling happily. Suddenly a hand caught hers from behind, an elleth's delicate hand, and she found herself being lightly spun around. Her eyes widened as she supposed her mother or one of her elder sisters had come for her. But it was none of them, and instead she gazed up into the merrily sparkling eyes of the King and Queen's daughter. "You will be missed ere long, little one," Lúthien said, her lips curving into a smile. Neldiel held Lúthien's hand and twirled herself beneath the older elleth's arm. "Did you get bored too, Princess?" The half Maia-half elven woman made a non-committal sound, her below waist-length black hair flying out behind her as she spun the elfling again. "It is rather crowded in there," she admitted. "I prefer the open air. Dancing in the rain is nice, is it not?" She lifted Neldiel and whirled with effortless grace, her silk slippers barely touching the wet ground. As she danced, silver-white niphredil sprang from the earth she passed over, thirstily drinking in the rain. Neldiel gasped softly, and as she was lowered back to her feet, she went to her knees in the soaked grass, running her fingers over the velvet petals. Smiling, Lúthien stopped and watched. "You like them, little one? I think they like you." She knelt and whispered to the flowers, and her smile widened as the petals nodded toward Neldiel. "Oh, yes, they like you very much." "They're so pretty," Neldiel whispered. "So are you," Lúthien replied. "Like a little flower yourself." The elfling smiled and straightened, her gown swirling out around her and her hair sending droplets of water everywhere as she spun again. Lúthien laughed, a sound like silver bells, and she lifted Neldiel into her arms, twirling around with her. "Do Brandir and Siliveth know you are here?" she asked, dropping a kiss on the little girl's brow as more niphredil blossomed in the wake of her dancing. With her arms wrapped around Lúthien's neck, Neldiel smiled mischievously, her turquoise eyes sparkling. "No." "Then they shall be mad with worry as soon as they realise you are gone. And you know my little brother does not like it when you make him worry." Lúthien tossed Neldiel into the air and caught her again. "He'll be very upset, little one." "But I'm not lost, Princess Lúthien," the elfling pointed out. "We know where I am, don't we?" "Ah, we do. You are in the poppy garden, dancing in the rain," Lúthien replied. "But they don't know that. What does your adar say when he doesn't know where you are?" "He doesn't say very much," Neldiel admitted. Lúthien laughed softly and stopped dancing, rocking the elfling a little. The rain came down harder, making Neldiel shiver, and the princess glanced involuntarily skywards. "It is going to get worse. Come, we shall have to swim back inside if we stay out any longer." Giggling at the image, Neldiel wriggled out of Lúthien's arms and ran back up the steps and through the gate. She waited inside the well-lit hallway for her father's foster sister to join her, water sliding off her gown and her hair to make a little puddle on the floor around her. Lúthien came through the gate a moment later, pausing to close and lock it, and when she turned to face the elfling, she smiled serenely. She was dry from head to foot, as though the rain had not touched her. Her rippling hair with the pearls strung through was immaculate and smooth, and her indigo gown with its pearl-trimmed silver and pale blue floral bodice was dry. Lúthien unnecessarily straightened her silver circlet, before folding her hands in her wide sleeves and regarding Neldiel. "I ought to get you dried, and I'll need to brush your hair. I shall take you to my chamber." She drew breath to say somewhat more, but then she hesitated, her grey eyes lifting and going past the elfling. Oblivious, Neldiel spun around, water spraying everywhere, and immediately collided with an ellon striding towards them from the other direction. She took a step back, startled. "Lúthien, go and find Brandir," the ellon snapped. Neldiel blinked, wondering who would have the audacity to speak so rudely to the princess of all people. As Lúthien passed her with eyes glinting in wry amusement and a slightly sympathetic expression on her lovely face, Neldiel dared to look up. Oh. Oh. The King stared down at her, his arms folded over his broad chest. His grey eyes, a shade lighter than his daughter's, were icy, and his handsome face was as stern as she had ever seen it. Oh. She curtseyed to him. It was a very nice curtsey, although as she was wet from head to foot, it wasn't a particularly impressive one. "I'm very sorry, Your Majesty," she said. "You will be," Elu said shortly, glaring down at the child. "Such unmannerly behaviour ill becomes you, Brandiriel." Neldiel squirmed for a moment, before her attention was caught by a smear of wet dirt on the King's otherwise immaculate white robes. She used her sash, which didn't have any dirt on it, just water, to try and rub the mud off. Elu wasn't appeased by her trying to make it better though, for he took an abrupt step back and spoke sharply to her. " Enough. Be still. " Quickly withdrawing her hand and holding both of them behind her back, Neldiel studied the floor. Water from her gown had made a good-sized puddle on it, and she resisted the temptation to put the toe of her slipper in it and draw patterns. She was fairly sure that Aran Elu would be most unhappy with her if she did that. She stood quietly and as still as she could manage, even though she really did want to squirm uncomfortably beneath the King's severe gaze, and though it felt like hours, it wasn't long before Lúthien returned with Queen Melian, Brandir and Siliveth. Siliveth looked dismayed and Brandir thoroughly disapproving, whilst Melian had the hints of amusement playing at the corners of her mouth. As Lúthien danced away again, Brandir bowed stiffly to his King and foster father, before turning a stern look on his youngest daughter. " Where have you been, elfling?" "I was in the poppy garden, Ada," Neldiel explained. "I was dancing, like everyone else, but I wasn't doing it inside." "You know better than to run off alone," Brandir scolded. "You know better than to play outside in your fine clothes when it is raining. Look at the mess you have made, and look at what you have done to the King's robes." "Getting rain and dirt on the King was an accident. I didn't mean to do that," Neldiel replied. "He was just…there. And even if I'd not been wet and muddy, I still would have run into him and he'd still be cross with me even if he was dry and clean. I did say I was very sorry." "Even so, you should not have done it. I am ashamed of your behaviour, acting so in front of the King and Queen, and you ought to be too," Brandir said sharply. Sighing softly, Neldiel idly drew her foot back and forth across the floor a couple of times. "I am sorry," she repeated, not sure what else she could say. Melian shook her head and glanced at Siliveth as if to say 'ellyn…' , though Siliveth only managed an uncertain smile in return, conscious of the King standing there. The Queen placed her hand briefly on Elu's shoulder, and the mud and damp patches vanished from his robes. After drying and cleaning Neldiel the same way, with a single thought, Melian leaned down and gently lifted the elfling's chin. "Next time, ask your adar and naneth's permission before leaving their sight, little one. If they say no, do not leave them." Neldiel curtseyed to the Queen. It looked better now she wasn't dripping with rain. "Yes, Your Grace," she said politely, and a touch shyly. "Good girl," Melian said fondly. When Brandir was alone with Siliveth and Neldiel, Elu having curtly dismissed them and swept away whilst his Maia wife smiled benevolently and calmly followed, he drew a deep breath. "Beloved," he said