Disclaimer: The OCs in this story were created by me and my co-author Kaylee, but everything belongs to Tolkien and we are making no money from this. Warning: This story contains spanking as a form of discipline. Please do not read if this offends you. A/N: In our previous story, "It Isn't Bedtime", there is reference to a young uncle of our original character Neldiel, who returned from traveling and informed his family that they really didn't want to know what he had been getting up to. This is his story. After months of travelling and sleeping at the side of the road, the bed was a luxury. The pillows were soft and fluffy, the covers were warm and perfect for snuggling into. So unused to such comforts was Lord Baralin, the youngest child and third son of Lord Ravondir and Lady Halloth, that he briefly forgot where he was as he woke up. Then it all came flooding back. He had made his return to Doriath the previous week, and yesterday he had arrived on his father's estate, much to the joy of his family. After distributing gifts to his nieces and nephews, he had indulged in a hot meal, a warm bath and much needed sleep in his own bed in his own room. Travelling was the joy of his life, but coming home was nice. For a while, anyway. The young elf stretched lithely and climbed out of bed, shedding his nightclothes on the floor before pulling on a pair of dark leggings and a cream coloured shirt with loose sleeves. He brushed his hair, hints of a deep red-gold glinting amongst the dark brown locks, and then, barefoot, he headed downstairs to see about getting himself something for breakfast. He didn't at all mind making his own food, and rather preferred it to letting servants do it for him. He knew that his older brothers scorned him for it and the servants thought him odd, but he didn't care either way. As he headed past the living room and stepped in the direction of the kitchen, he found himself stopped by the sound of a throat being cleared. His father's throat being cleared, to be precise. Blinking, he turned around to see Lord Ravondir standing behind him with green-robed arms folded over his chest. "Good morning, Adar, sir," he said, erring on the side of caution. One was not generally greeted by a cleared throat unless one had done something that one should not have. "Inside," Ravondir said shortly, unfolding his arms and pointing to the living room. Baralin sighed to himself, but obediently went where he had been directed. He paused as he entered the elegantly decorated lounge area, and looked around slowly. The rest of the family was gathered, seated in a semi-circle around an unoccupied pale blue ottoman; Lady Halloth, her dark auburn hair braided in a coronet, was on one of the settees, waiting for her husband to join her. The three comfortable chairs placed next to the settee were occupied by Baralin's elder siblings. Arvellon, Ramirith and Siliveth. He sighed again, already wishing he had stayed in bed. He adored his sister, but his brothers… "So, Baralin. Explain," Ravondir ordered his son, sweeping into the room and sitting next to his wife. Baralin hesitated. He wondered if there was something that he had missed. Must have missed something , he mused. Adar wouldn't call a family meeting for no reason. "I'm only going to get breakfast," he replied eventually, not sure what else he could say. "Sit." Ravondir watched his youngest child, the unplanned one, the surprise one who had arrived over three hundred coronarí after his other children, and waited until the young ellon was perched on the edge of the ottoman before continuing. "We asked you yesterday where your travels took you. What did you mean by "you don't want to know", Baralin?" "I should think that would be obvious," Baralin answered pleasantly. The comment made Ravondir's hazel coloured eyes narrow, and he pinned his child with a hard stare. "No. We do want to know what you have been doing, elfling. You were gone for nearly two coronarí, and then you come home and presume to dismiss our questions? I think not. Where were you?" Exhaling as he realised that this discussion wasn't going to be ending soon, Baralin shifted back on the ottoman to get a bit more comfortable, and pointed in a northerly direction. "That way." "I see you got your ears pierced yet again," Ramirith observed critically, running his dark green eyes over the colourful trinkets that both studded and hung from his brother's ears. "How many is that now, five in each ear?" "Four in my left and three in my right, though I don't see why you care," Baralin said blandly. "They're my ears. I'll do what I want with them, and you do what you want with your ears." "Sticking them full of holes like that is a vile habit," Ramirith declared. "You did agree to stop at two, ion-nín," Lady Halloth spoke up quietly. "I rather think you have gone somewhat…over the top. At any rate, your father and I are more interested in your adventures than your ears. You went north. Where?" "I just kept travelling north, that's all." Baralin fell silent, but a hard look from his father, accompanied by a rather forceful order to elaborate, made him sigh and reluctantly elucidate, "I encountered humans. They were called the Lossoth, and they took me in and made me feel very welcome." "The Lossoth?" Arvellon repeated incredulously. He stared at his baby brother, and then let out a bark of laughter. "Snowmen? What sort of name is that? What, are they made of snow, with stone mouths and carrot noses? Do they come to life as they do in our little niece's nursery tales?" "So ignorant," Baralin murmured, almost to himself. "Leave him be, Arvellon," Siliveth said softly. The young lord ignored his sister and pressed on with his interrogation. "Well, what are they?" "What do you mean, what are they ?" Baralin snapped, his dark blue eyes flashing in rarely seen anger. "They're men and they happen to live in a snowy land, so they are called the Snowmen. That's just what they're called, Arvellon. They aren't monsters or creatures out of a story. They're men. Men and women and children." Arvellon lifted one shoulder in a lazily elegant shrug. "And these…barbarians, they stuck you full of holes, did they?" "I had the newest piercings done when I was there, yes," Baralin replied. He paused, rather significantly, and then added, "The Lossoth are particularly skilled at tattooing the skin as well. They consider tattoos to be almost sacred, and their tattooists are valued as highly as their warriors and their priests. It's really a very fascinating culture, if only you were broad-minded enough to explore it." "Tattoos," Halloth whispered faintly. "Did you have any of those done?" Arvellon demanded. "Again, I don't quite see why it should be any concern of yours, but as it happens, I thought about getting a tattoo of your face, brother," Baralin replied. "But then I remembered I don't like it very much." "Baralin," Ravondir chided sharply. "Apologise at once." "Sorry," the young elf dutifully said. "I'm sure," Arvellon snorted. "So did you get one of these vulgar… tattoos , then?" "Yes, I did get one," Baralin confirmed. "It's on my chest, and you're not seeing it, so don't even ask." As his elder sons glanced at him for support, Ravondir nodded briefly and focused on his youngest. "I am not asking, I am giving you a command. You will show us, since you went to the trouble of getting it." Looking unhappy, Baralin clearly thought about refusing, but it was not in his nature to disobey orders. He tugged his shirt down to reveal a short line of words inked in black over his heart. He stayed silent on their meaning, though he knew that his father or brothers would start asking questions, and he was surprised when his sister gave him an encouraging smile and said, "I like it. I think it is very tasteful, muindor-laes. And I suppose that must be the language of the Lossoth…will you tell me what the words mean?" "'Live your dreams'," Baralin said quietly. "That's what they mean." "A fine sentiment indeed, ion-nín," Lord Ravondir concurred, his voice gentler than before. "Any father is pleased when their child has the opportunity to live their dreams, but I wish that your dreams would not take you from us for such long lengths of time." Baralin didn't know what to say to that. He couldn't promise to come home sooner next time. Travelling just didn't work that way. Either you were ready to return home, or you were not. And even when you were ready, it was a long road to your front door. Eventually, he settled for saying, "I have always come back." "See that you continue to do so," Ravondir replied softly. "What is that ?" Baralin's eyes had been locked on his father's in a brief moment of understanding, but the sharp question from his mother made him look quickly at her. He followed her gaze and realised that when he had let go of his collar, his shirt had not fallen back into place. The tip of a scar was poking out over the top of it, and he quickly tugged his clothing straight. "Nothing." "It did not look like 'nothing'," Ravondir said tersely, the softness of before now gone. "Off with the shirt. At once." There was no use in arguing, and frankly, Baralin just did not have the energy to fight his father on this point. He knew he would lose. With a quiet sigh, he pulled his shirt off and dropped it on the floor before holding his arms out to either side. A wide scar, pale pink in colour, marred his otherwise flawless flesh from midway down his chest to his navel, where it curved around to his back. Secretly, he thought that it was terribly impressive. Neither of his brothers could boast of anything like it. Of course, he knew better than to say as much out loud, and he also knew to treasure the trophy; his fast elven healing abilities would see it eradicated before the year was out, and as proud as he was of it, he had no intentions of getting a new one. "What happened ?" Halloth breathed, her noble composure slipping. "I got mauled," Baralin explained reticently. "By a bear." "What?" "It didn't do a very good job," Arvellon murmured under his breath. Baralin's eyes flickered at the comment. He didn't think either of his parents had heard it, so he ignored Arvellon's words, and Ramirith's answering smirk, and instead focused on Ravondir and Halloth; he was surprised to see that his usually calm mother looked on the edge of tears, whilst his father seemed to be torn between anger and worry. "It wasn't intentional. I didn't know that there were bears in the area. Especially not mean bears." "Did these barbarian friends of yours not warn you?" Ravondir asked acidly. "I had not met the Lossoth at that point, Adar. I was still travelling by myself and I knew little of the land," Baralin clarified. "It was good fortune that a hunting party came across me before the bear could do any more damage. They rescued me and they took me in, fed me and healed me. I was grateful to them. I shall always be grateful. I owe my life to those… barbarians , as you see them." Ravondir inclined his head slightly. He might not think much of the Lossoth, but they had saved his youngest son's life, and that was not something he could argue with. "You stayed with them, very well. Where? In a village? I trust that your