The Probability Factor ChapterOne- Doncha Hate It When That Happens? Have you ever felt like the other shoe was going to drop sometime soon, and it was going to be a doozy? I had been feeling like that for a whole week, and the suspense was killing me. My week from suspense hell had occurred during some of the best summer weather Vancouver had seen in a while. Near the end of that week I had left my office for lunch to walk around the Vancouver Art Gallery. I was trying to catch some rays to offset the pasty white office-worker skin I had accumulated over the winter. Tanning was hard at my age. The rich golden brown of my youth was no longer a possibility. Instead I had to settle for a light camel colour and use bronzer for my face, which almost never tanned, except for my nose which would get a ruddy colour from sun exposure. A light breeze played with the hair that escaped from the barrette holding my curls back off my face. I peered through my sunglasses watching other people out enjoying the sun, the pigeons fluttering around on the sidewalk, and traffic ebbing and surging out on the street. Letting my mind wander, I still felt the exhaustion from the poor sleep I'd been having. I'd been having trouble sleeping for about a week, having these odd reoccurring dreams that I simply could not figure out. When I woke up, I'd remember bits and pieces, and I'd write them down to examine them later. Every night the same dream, and the next morning I'd remember a little more and write it down. Today was day six and I had the complete dream written down in my little notebook. I had been examining it on my breaks and was mulling it over on my lunch, but I couldn't make heads or tails of it. The dream had me either being chased or running to something. I wasn't too sure as I couldn't tell if something was following me, but I felt a sense of urgency, ergo the running. I kept running down Howe Street north towards the water, but before I could get there, I'd wake up. Every night the same thing, the running and then I'd wake up. I just couldn't figure out why I was having these dreams, or why they started so suddenly. I hadn't had any recent changes to my life. My job certainly wasn't an issue. It was the same old boring j-o-b I'd had for the last seven years. My West End apartment had been my shelter and sanity for the last twelve, and I hadn't had any recent additions or subtractions to my social life. I had broken up with my lousy cheating ex-boyfriend over nine months ago and hadn't been out on a date since. It was perplexing to say the least. My lunch had ended and no new understanding of my affliction had been achieved. I walked back to the office and made my way back to my cubicle. Meg, my co-worker, dropped by my desk to chat as soon as I sat down. "Hey Susan, didjya go to the Mall at lunch?" she asked. I shook my head no, "Uh-uh. I was out for a walk to catch some sun." "Oh," she curled herself over the baffle wall, "Well, I was in Holt Renfrew today, and you'll never guess what I saw." "Uh-huh. What?" I played along so she would get to the point and I could get back to work. "Greg. Cooing over his new tartlet, Kimmy whatshername. I was floored. Couldn't believe he'd be so blatant. What an ass," she pronounced scornfully. "Meg, we broke up over nine months ago. I'm over him. If he wants to publicly copulate with his new girlfriend, I couldn't care less," I sighed. Meg patted my back reassuringly, "I know, I know. But still. He's an ass." "No debate there," I agreed, "But I'd rather not know what he's up to. It's just creepy, y'know?" She nodded, "Okay, okay. I understand. No more talking about Greg the ass. Only happy talk from now on. I promise. You know I'm here for you right?" "Yes I do," I conceded. "Then know I will do everything in my power to see you happy again," she pronounced. "You don't need to Meg. I'm fine. I am happy. Don't worry about me," I answered. Meg was a good egg. She had seen me through my messy break-up and had taken me out for weeks afterwards to keep me from moping around in my apartment; but I couldn't stand the fact that she now claimed ownership over me in a small way. She was of a mind that only a man in your life could make you happy, and had been trying for months to get me to go out and start dating again. I wasn't ready to put my shredded heart through that pain again, so I refused. I needed time to learn how to trust again, and being forced out on dates wasn't the way to make that happen. I had a huge need to have her back off and leave me some breathing room. Meg held up her hands in mock surrender, "All right, all right. But if you need anything, you let me know." She turned and walked back to her desk. I felt faintly relieved that she had given up so easily, but knew that given any opportunity, she'd be back full force. I turned back to my work, hoping to get a Ministerial Enquiry off my desk before the end of the day. Our office had received a complaint on the processing of a Residential Schools claim, and the Minister of Indian and Northern Affairs had been dragged in when the claimant felt we weren't moving quickly enough. It wasn't that we were dragging our feet; we just had to sort through thousands of documents that had been received over the course of a decade in order to find the relevant ones for the claimant's case. We still had not managed to get all of the documents pertaining to the Residential Schools debacle on Imaging, but we were getting there. Over the last year we had a team in each region solely working on adding every single document to the Rainbow Imaging system, but we had only managed to make a dent in the massive amount of paper we had in our archives. Plus, we were getting new documents in every day. It was a nightmare. The Minister feared poor publicity as his political party had been coming under quite a bit of heat for some scandals that had occurred under the previous Prime Minister, and he didn't want his Department added to the political crisis. I had to explain exactly where we were in the course of the investigation and give an approximate timeline as to when the claimant could expect a resolution to his concern. I worked feverishly for a few hours before I managed to complete the Enquiry and I sent it off in the bag mail to Ottawa. Upon leaving the office, I felt a sense of both relief and freedom. While I liked my job, I found handling Ministerial Enquiries quite stressful, and wondered if I could find a job without that duty. Walking down Jervis St, I let my body relax and let all the tension I had built up getting the Ministerial Enquiry ready, flow out of my extremities. I heard the traffic noises and the birds chirping in the trees above me, but I ignored it. Instead I let my mind go blank as I used my commute home to de-stress. I turned onto Comox and sped up my pace as I walked down the hill deep into the West End. My building was on Chilco near Comox, and I looked forward to taking my dog Roxy out for a walk in Stanley Park when I got home. Just as I crossed Denman, I heard a loud crash and shouting off to my left. I turned to look and saw a man jumping out of his car, which had crashed into a newspaper box, waving angrily and swearing at the top of his voice. Another man, who seemed quite tall or the other guy was really short, was standing in the middle of the road looking confused and angry. Now normally I'd just call 911 to report the accident and then go merrily on my way, but something about this scene struck a chord with me, so I wandered over to see if I could help. As I walked up I heard the tall man speak, but it wasn't a language I recognized. Plus, this guy was dressed like an extra in a medieval picture. Stanley Park sees its fair share of filming, but I knew for a fact that there wasn't a period picture in town at the moment. I have a secret vice. I scan all the film production web-sites and read the entertainment dailies to keep up with the film industry here in Vancouver. I just like to know. And I knew this guy wasn't part of a film production. Unless Stargate SG-1 or Stargate Atlantis was filming a piece that needed medieval costumes, but I seriously doubted it. Medieval guy started to get a hold of himself and took on this imperious attitude, which only infuriated short guy. It was time for some reason to intercede. I cleared my throat. "Umm, pardon me, but may I be of any assistance? You seem to require some help," I calmly interrupted. The short guy stopped mid-tirade and looked at me, "Listen lady, unless you have a magic wand to fix my car, you can get lost. This asshole just stepped into the middle of the road and made me crash!" "I'm sure he didn't make you crash, after all you had other options," I suggested. He gave me a cruel look, "Yeah, I shoulda hit him. Dumb fuck." The tall guy flipped his long blond hair over his shoulder and looked at me with a piercing stare. He motioned to me and began to speak in the unknown language. It sounded kind of musical and not unlike a combination of Arabic and Finnish. Not that I understood a word of it. He looked like he was really trying to get something across to me, and for a moment I had a spark of clarity. I believed he wanted to know where he was. I had no idea how I had arrived at this conclusion, it just seemed to arrive. I knew I had to get tall guy out of there, I just had to get short guy to calm down. "Hey, hey! Sir!" I waved my hand in front of short guy's face as he restarted his tirade. He paused and glared at me, "What?" "I'm going to do you a favour and take this guy out of your hair," I replied. "What about my car?" he demanded. I looked it over. There was just a small scratch where his fender had connected with the newspaper box. "It's fine. Just take it to ICBC if you want to get that scratch fixed," I said reasonably. "And have my insurance rates go up?" he bellowed. "It's either that or have ICBC make a decision on fault. Let's see. Car. Pedestrian. Car almost hits pedestrian. Hmmm, how's that one look, eh?" I looked him squarely in the eye, "What will ICBC decide if our friend Flicka has been injured, eh?" He stuttered for a second, "But he's not injured." "How do you know? Are you a doctor? Do you have a job in healthcare? I don't think so. So my suggestion to you is to pipe down, get in your car and go. And thank whatever god you pray to that you got off so damn easy,"