Hello my name is Percy Jackson, and I am currently wishing I could just go back and change the past week. It has been about week since the titan war, and Annabeth hasn't been talking to me since because Luke being himself managed to live. I don't know how but here is what happened. FLASHBACK Annabeth ran out of site following Kronos to the middle of the Throne Room of the gods, and Grover and I are currently stuck, because the elevator decides it doesn't like to move anymore. The worst part of all of this we are at 499th floor and Olympus is the 500th floor. "Percy hey are you here buddy?" Grover said bringing me out of my thoughts. "Yeah what I am just trying to think of a way to get out of here." I lied. I really do not like to lie to Grover considering he can actually feel what I'm feeling. "Well stop thinking and come here. Look above me there is an opening at the top of the elevator, and I think I can lift you up there." Grover bleated sounding nervous. "How are you supposed to get up then? Because I don't think I can lift you up there. You would have to lay of the enchiladas for that to happen." I said. "I'm not, but you can make it up there to go help Annabeth. You have to hold off Kronos till the gods can get there and to take him down." Grover said. "Alright but as soon as I can I'll come back for you." I replied. Grover kneeled down, and I climbed stepped onto his back and I jumped up. I barely grabbed the ledge of the hatch at the top of the elevator. Grover pushed my feet up so I could climb on top further. If I jump from where I am at I could see Olympus but I would need to climb up at least 11 feet, and I am not some mission impossible spy person so that isn't going to work. For the first time in my life my brain decided to work though. I grabbed onto the rope in the middle of the elevator shaft and shimmied up it, and jumped up onto Olympus grounds. I started to run up the streets of Olympus just hoping to make in time to help fight of Kronos. As I was running I noticed how torn down Olympus looked almost every building was in shambles (Annabeth taught me that word). Even the street was cracked, but I didn't have time to think of that right now. I sped up as I was nearing the Throne Room. I ran straight into the room, and what I saw made my heart break slightly. Annabeth was bloody, bruised, and beaten just laying still on the ground. "Son of Poseidon how great of you to finally turn up. I was expecting to see you much earlier than I did." Kronos said smugly. I didn't like his tone or comment so I simply replied, "I don't negotiate with terrorists." "I guess I do inspire terror in people don't I?" Kronos replied. Oh, how I wanted to wipe that smug smile off his face. "Yeah but it is mostly in that ugly face of yours." I replied just as smugly. That turned his smile into a frown real quick. He was obviously fed up with me already deciding to make the first strike. I dodged the attack and uncapped Riptide, and tried to make a quick counter attack but as soon as the blade was 1 foot away from him it felt like I was pushing my sword through stone. Kronos then slapped me with the end of Backbiter sending me and my sword flying in opposite directions. "It amuses me that you truly thought you stood a chance against me. I mean look around my army surrounds us. You have no chance you're camp is out number 1 to 500. Did you really think you were even going to slow me down?" Kronos ranted on. I didn't care while Kronos was talking Riptide was already back in my pocket. I pulled out my sword and make a quick strike at Kronos and hit his neck, but my blade just bounced off. Fuck I forgot he took a swim in Styx too. "Were you not ever told to interrupt and adult while they were speaking?" Kronos remarked. "Good thing you are not an adult. You're an asshole, and a major one at that." I said. I am on fire today with these spicy comebacks. While Kronos was trying to recover from that spicy hot comeback I make a quick slice towards him. As soon as the blade even neared him everything slowed. I'm like 99% sure if I would've just let go of my blade it would have stayed still and floated. Everything just stopped, and I couldn't move. Kronos made three slices at me while I was trying to move again. I had forgotten how much that blade hurt. The blade didn't even pierce my skin, but it felt like my chest was on fire. I definitely just lost some ribs. "Huh, guess I am not the only one." Kronos said with sweat dripping off of him. He must have a power limit with his mortal body because it looks like he is tiring. Freezing time completely must have tired him out a lot. I made a weak jab towards him, and he just side stepped and slapped me with the end of his scythe. I stumbled past him and regained my footing. I didn't even realize how tired I was till now. I rushed towards him but he slowed time down slightly and kicked me in the stomach. That just relit the fire from the broken ribs. "Looks like I am going to win today demigod." Kronos said. Kronos walked towards Annabeth and put his scythe to her throat. I screamed, "Don't you dare touch her. I will murder you!" But in reality I couldn't do anything. In fact I couldn't even get up. My whole body was in pain after getting kicked and sliced at. For some reason Kronos hesitated, and then completely stopped. "Annabeth!" Luke screamed. Luke had managed to get out of Kronos's hold for now. "Luke." Annabeth whispered quietly. "Anna I'm so sorry. Please forgive me." Luke cried. "It is ok you weren't yourself." Annabeth whispered. Luke jerked up standing straight up randomly. "Stop that you insulant brat. I am in control now! Do you not understand that?" Kronos raged. Kronos screamed and then his voice faded slightly. In a mixture of Luke and Kronos's voices Luke said, "Percy my mortal spot is on my side. Kill me before Kronos is in full control, and stop him before he destroys everything. I see the mistake I have made. Fix it for me please!" I grunted and crawled over to him and readied Riptide. I stabbed forward into his side just as Kronos was about to dodge. Riptide didn't go very far into his flesh only about two inches. But it was enough to make him screech at the top his lungs. He sent out one final burst of power, and it sent me flying. "I will not fail! I will not fall to lowly demigods like you!" Kronos screamed. All I saw was a lightning bolt strike him in the chest before I passed out. HOURS LATER When I woke all I saw was the Throne Room in crumbs, but all the seats of the gods were still there. That means we won. I tried to sit up but I was pushed back down by Will. "WO, slow down their buddy you broke 5 ribs." Will said shakily. "Is it bad?" I asked. "Nah it isn't that bad." Will responded obviously scared. I could tell just by look in his eyes it was bad. I didn't even need to hear that lie he just told me. "Here take these." Will said while handing me some pills. He basically shoved the pills down my throat, and I was out like a light. HOURS LATER AGAIN I woke up in the medical area at Camp Half-Blood, and when I looked around I was instantly depressed. There were many symbols and flags that meant someone had perished. All of these deaths had happened at the war. The war I leaded, and I had failed all of these people. Most of them weren't even old either. They will never get to experience all the great things in life. Like blue coke, or blue waffles. (Gross joke if you understood it.) I look over to my other side to see who else was in the medical ward. I saw a lot of people but one person who stood out the most had sandy blonde hair. I stood straight up, and fell off the bed I was on. "Ribs, right." I grunted. I regretted my actions quickly as soon as I felt the burn in my chest come back. I slowly hoisted myself up till I was standing, and I walked outside to see the camp in ruins. FLASHBACK OVER If I would've just stabbed my sword deeper into Luke's side I would never had to deal with this in the first place. I don't understand what Annabeth even sees in him after what he has done. You probably don't understand what I mean so here let me tell you what happened. 3 DAYS EARLIER I woke up to the sound of someone banging on the door. I looked over to the clock to see its only 7:00am. Who even wakes up at this ungodly hour? I rolled out of bed carefully to not hurt my ribs, and put on a pair of pants. Yes, I sleep in only boxers ok. It's too comfy to not do. I walked over and opened the door. "Hey, how are you doing Percy." Rachel said sadly. "Hey, Rach what's wrong?" I questioned. "So you haven't heard?" Rachel asked. "Heard what?" I asked. "The rewards of Olympus already out." Rachel said. "Um how? I wasn't there so… how did they do it?" I wondered out loud. "They didn't think you deserved a reward." Rachel whispered. "What? Why?" I almost silently said. "Annabeth said that you never came to aid her when Kronos was attacking her. Then Athena said that you came late on purpose, and twisted Zeus's mind to her side. Annabeth ended up saying that Luke held off Kronos's influence, and defeated him. She claimed she never even saw you in the throne room till the end of the fight." Rachel said. "But that's a lie. I fought off Kronos till Luke regained control for about 45 seconds." I said kind of hurt. Did Annabeth really not see me fight off Kronos so he wouldn't kill her? I even have the wounds to prove it. "Well I am going to eat. Breakfast was served about 15 minutes ago. You should go eat." Rachel said happily. There is something wrong with that girl. One second she is all sad the next second she is happy. That is a case being bi polar in my opinion. LATER IN THE AFTERNOON I've been looking for Annabeth all day but I haven't seen her yet. I even asked some other campers where she has been, but all of them gave me sad eyes and told me they haven't seen her. Right now I was about to go see if she was in the arena when Clarisse pasted me. So I turned around to walk next to Clarisse. "What do you want fish boy?" Clarisse said. "Have you seen Annabeth today?" I asked, not even caring about the nickname she gave me. "She was down by the beach last time I checked fish boy." Clarisse said, walking away to Chris. So I started my journey towards the beach. After like 10 minutes of