Written for the QLFC Season 5 - Round 6 Tutshill Tornados - Chaser 2 Prompt: Use a film as inspiration for your story [Time Bandits] Optional Prompts: [6] Visitor (word) [8] Nurmengard (location) [12] A Walking Song - J. R. R. Tolkien (poem) Word Count: 3,028 The heavy leather-bound photo album lay open upon his lap. He was gazing intently at the picture on the left page. It depicted four friends standing in the beautiful grounds of Hogwarts, each doubled over as they laughed hysterically at some unknown joke. He had looked at this photograph so often over the years that he felt sure he knew all of their faces better than he knew his own. Yet there was one amongst the four he wished to meet above all else - his father. However, that would be utterly impossible. For his father was dead and had been for over eleven years. He sighed and placed the album back onto its shelf before climbing onto the bed. He picked up the photo frame which sat on top of his bedside table and gazed at the two people smiling up at him as he did every night. His parents waved up at him, immortalised only in a picture. His father's eyes were filled with love and alight with joy while his mother was simply brimming with happiness. In a way, he was glad to remember them like this. But the real thing would have been better. There was a soft knock on his bedroom door and it was edged open without waiting for an invitation. In the doorway stood the man who had been a constant presence in his life. The man smiled at him and leaned against the doorframe. "What are you still doing up?" the man asked. He merely shrugged in response. The man walked over and perched himself on the edge of the bed. "You should be fast asleep," he said pointedly. "I know, sorry, Uncle Harry." Harry smiled down at him. "It's alright, Teddy. What are you looking at?" "Nothing," he replied. Teddy shrugged and carefully put the frame back in its place. Harry gave him an annoyingly knowing smile. "So," Harry began. "It's only a week until you head off to Hogwarts." "Yeah," said Teddy, immediately perking up. "Excited?" "I'm beyond excited, Uncle Harry. I can't wait to explore all the places you and my dad loved most." "Well," said Harry. A strange smile had spread over his face. "I guess I should give you your present now then since you're heading back to your grandma's in the morning." "Present?" he asked curiously. Harry pulled out his wand and a slim, red box which had a golden ribbon fastened around it zoomed into the room. "Now, before I give this to you I should explain it a little bit. Our fathers were exceptional wizards. You know that already, you've heard most of the stories. Now it's time to tell you one more." Harry paused. "When they were at Hogwarts our dads had some great adventures. Yet, have you ever wondered how they never got caught? How they roamed the halls undetected?" "Wasn't it because they could all turn into animals and had the invisibility cloak?" "Yes, but that wasn't all." "It wasn't?" "No. Our dads also created a very powerful, magical object. An object which, so happens to be inside of this box." He looked up at his godfather in wonder. Harry handed him the package. "Can I open it?" "Go ahead." He hastily pulled off the ribbon and tore off the lid. Inside was an old, battered piece of parchment. He pulled it out expecting something to be hidden underneath or written on the back, but it was blank and the box empty. "Is this it?" he asked in disbelief. Harry smirked and tapped the parchment with his wand. "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." Lines of ink began to spread across the parchment. It was like some wonderful, choreographed dance unfolding before his eyes as the lines intertwined and formed patterns. Finally, at the top of the page, some words began to appear: Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs are proud to present THE MARAUDER'S MAP "This is a map of Hogwarts," said Harry. "It shows the entire castle and grounds including some very handy secret passageways." "Seriously?" "Not only that, but it will show you anybody who is on the map at any time of the day. Look!" Harry pointed at a dot near the forbidden forest. "There's Hagrid." "Wow," he breathed. "Thank you." "Alright, time for sleep! Goodnight kiddo." Teddy didn't want to tear his eyes from the page but knew it would be no good fighting. He placed the map beside his other treasures on his bedside table and turned off the lamp. "Night, Uncle Harry." He got under the covers and lay down. Harry heaved himself up and kissed Teddy on the forehead before turning the main light off and leaving the room. Teddy sat up as soon as the door snapped shut and turned his bedside lamp on again. He picked up the frame once more and looked down at his parents for a few more moments. His mother had had bubble-gum pink hair when it was taken and he adored how happy she was wearing it. Teddy scrunched up his nose and a moment later his hair had turned the exact same shade of pink. He put the frame back down, turned the light off, and lay his head on the pillow. Suddenly there was a loud crash. Teddy immediately sat up and fumbled for the switch on the lamp. He looked around the room but couldn't spot the cause of the noise. That was when he noticed his wardrobe doors had been flung open. Teddy stood up intending to investigate but froze in his tracks at the edge of the bed. A small cough had just sounded within the room and it hadn't come from him. Cautiously he made his way around the end of the bed, grabbing a heavy figurine of his favourite comic-book hero as a weapon. He jumped as a cough sounded again but this time it didn't stop. Teddy stood on his tiptoe to peer at who was lying on the floor just out of sight. A hunched figure began to stand up and Teddy finally got a good look at the intruder. He was a little shorter than him and had long, thin fingers with pointed ears and a curly, black goatee on his chin. Teddy realised that the intruder was a goblin. His beady eyes were darting around the room and finally rested upon Teddy. "Who are you?" the goblin demanded, his eyes narrowing. "I- I'm Teddy." "What are you doing in here?" "What am I doing in here? This is my bedroom! What are you doing in here?" "What do you mean?" "You're standing in my bedroom." "No, I'm not!" "Yes, you are!" The goblin paused, looking around, clearly confused. Comprehension finally dawned upon his mean little face. "This is your bedroom?" "Yes!" He paused again and began muttering to himself, completely ignoring Teddy. "Excuse me?" said Teddy rather loudly. The goblin looked up. "Yes?" "How did you come to be in my bedroom?" "That is a very impertinent question and also has an obvious answer." "Then tell me!" "Obviously I came through the wardrobe you dense fool." "I'm not a fool!" Teddy said hotly. The goblin was no longer listening to him. He had opened the chest at the end of the bed but something made him paused. Teddy looked at the spot the goblins greedy eyes were fixed on and realised he had spotted the map. "Now what is that?" asked the goblin. "None of your business," said Teddy. He moved to block the goblin's view but the intruder was too quick for him. In an instant, he had darted around Teddy and grabbed the map. Teddy made to snatch it from his hands but couldn't quite manage it. The goblin dove head first into the open chest. Teddy followed, knowing the goblin couldn't possibly go anywhere. It was a toy chest after all. He lost his balance and fell forward but he didn't meet the hard bottom he expected. Instead, Teddy found himself falling into nothingness. Time seemed to stop having any meaning as he continued to fall, having no idea how long he was in the blackness. He had stopped screaming a while ago after coming to the realisation that there was no point. Finally, he saw a white light in the distance. It got bigger as he zoomed towards it, blinding him with its brightness. The next thing Teddy knew he had landed face down upon something soft yet prickly. Teddy stood up and looked around. He realised that he was in some sort of field in the middle of nowhere. He could see no houses, no buildings, and not even any of the electrical wires the Muggles were so fond of. On one side of the field, there was a long lining of trees. It was then that he saw the goblin disappear into them. "Hey!" Teddy called out and bolted after him. The trees were thick and the ground was hard against his feet. He only had a pair of soft slippers on which were no help at all. Teddy kept running, determined to find the goblin thief and take his map back. It was then that he heard them. The trees had started to thin and Teddy could see a beautiful meadow in the distance. He couldn't see the people but could clearly hear their song and Teddy found himself drawn towards the sound. "Home is behind, The world ahead, And there are many paths to tread. Mist and shadow, Cloud and shade. All shall fade, All shall… fade." He could see them clearly now. There were three of them seemingly enjoying a day in the sun, just beyond his hiding place. They seemed to be dressed in the strangest clothes and he'd never seen anything like it before. All of them had their wands out and were performing extraordinary magic of which Teddy had never seen before. Teddy watched them rather curiously until a hand on his shoulder made him jump out of his skin. He looked up and found himself face to face with a young man with long silver-blond hair. "Hello," the stranger said quietly. "H-Hello," Teddy stammered. The stranger grabbed Teddy's arm and pulled him towards the rest of the group who merely watched in silence. As they came closer the bronze-haired man called to them. "Who is this, pray tell?" "I have no idea, brother," the silver man said. "He seemed to be spying upon you." "Spying!" one of the girls exclaimed. "On us?" the other chimed in. "How rude!" "I wasn't spying," said Teddy rather hotly. "I was following the goblin." "What Goblin, eh?" the bronze-haired man demanded. "Now, now, Godric," the fairer of the two girls said. "Don't be unkind. He's just a boy. How old are you, young one?" "I'm eleven and I am not a boy." The four of them chuckled. "Of course not," the woman agreed. Suddenly realisation dawned on Teddy. "Hang on a minute. Did you just say that his name is Godric?" "Yes." "As in Godric Gryffindor ?" "Ah!" Godric exclaimed. "You have heard of me! Am I everything you expected and more?" "Don't listen to him," said the woman. "My name is Helga, Helga Hufflepuff. These are my friends, Rowena Ravenclaw and Salazar Slytherin." She gestured to their two companions, both of whom were staring at him. Teddy found he could do nothing but look up at them all in dumbstruck adoration. Before him stood the four founders of the most famous wizarding school in the world, the four greatest witches and wizards of their age. Teddy was overwhelmed and couldn't seem to find his voice.