Hello! This is a one-shot, written because of a review contest held for my story Peter Pan (check it out if you get the chance!) won by Cheshire15! Her idea? Can you do a one shot with bella being a curvy bella (but not the focus of the plot) and ed being alices bro, her bff. With some light angst, maybe a high drama moment like a stalker/ injury/ accident where she is in jeopardy and it causes him to see the light either in terms of his feelings or getting over being stubborn or changing his perception of something. Leave it up to you in terms of plot device. I do love it when he is her reformed bully or contrastly, her so love the angst where everyone gets to understand how their actions had consequences for the others and both learn from it. Just ask for HEA for bella and ed and no cheating. Timeframes, time periods and how they get there and what not up to you. Thank you! Cant wait. Let's see if I was able to get it into words! Just a Fool The bell rang, interrupting the quiet study time I had for my last period. Glancing up, students began to move from their library chairs, shuffling papers and textbooks into their school bags. Feeling a sigh escape my parted lips, I began to do the same, hoping to avoid the librarian that often kicked me out. It was a common practice of mine to study during lunch and avoid people in general, no matter how much my four friends begged me to eat with them. Shoving the granola bar wrapper into a side pocket of my bag, I made my way through the maze of library books, stepping outside the quiet room and into a bustling hall of students and teachers. I walked quickly, hoping to avoid- My foot caught the edge of something, sending me and my bag of papers flying to the floor. I hit the linoleum with a thud , pain racking my arms from the pressure of my fall. After shaking my brown hair from my eyes, I turned, finding a retreating figure that made me scorn. "Sorry! You should watch where you're going!" Lauren called. She had already begun turning around when her current boyfriend of the week, Edward, glanced at me. Edward had been my best friend when were freshman. When he tried out for the football team, he began to get the attention of other girls, and had abandoned me to be the most popular guy in school. I pursed my lips. "Bitch." My word was too quiet for Lauren to hear, although I swear Edward chuckled before he turned around to follow Lauren. Draping an arm over her shoulder, he continued forward, ignoring anything around him. Turning my body so I could place myself in a sitting position, I glanced around the hallway, noting my bag nearly five feet away. Lucky for me, I had zipped it closed before I left the library, so everything remained inside the main pocket. "Bells, what are you doing on the floor?" I looked up to see a small pixie making her way towards me, concern contorting her features. "Oh my gosh, are you okay?" "I'm fine, Aly. Your brother's blonde of the week tripped me," I scoffed, taking her small hand so I could stand. Alice quickly pulled me to my feet before delicately prancing to the other side of the hallway and grabbing my bag from beneath the feet of the incoming freshman students. She made her way back, her once worried face now showing hot rage. "I'm going to hurt him for this!" she stated, the anger clear in her tone. I merely shook my head. "Don't play his game, Aly. It's fine. Lauren tripped me- not him. Plus, I'm fine. Just a little sore," I attempted to reassure her. Alice huffed. "Oh, I'm going to make him sore. He needs to stop treating you like this, even if Lauren is the abusive one," she reprimanded to no one in particular. Placing the bag in my hands, she began to walk forward. Alice had been my best friend since middle school. She had told me from the second she saw me that we would be friends "forever", as she often put it. Sometimes I looked back and missed the way things used to be- me spending the night nearly every day during the summer, Edward and Alice at my side. Feeling a sigh pass my lips, I shrugged the memories away. "Alice, stop. You're just fueling the fire. He'll get over it one day," I responded, brushing the dirt from my clothes before following quickly behind her. Alice rolled her grey eyes towards the ceiling. "Get over it my ass. He's been bullying you since our freshman year when you turned him down for the homecoming dance." I felt my shoulders pull into a shrug. "For one, I don't like dances, and for two, he asked me before he asked Tanya, and when she accepted, I guess he didn't want me as a date anymore." Alice sighed heavily, adjusting the strap of her bag on her shoulder. I could practically see the gears grinding in her head, contemplating whether or not she should let the situation at hand go. Finally, she said, "C'mon, it's the end of the day. He can find his own ride home." I followed Alice past the lockers and towards the front of the school. Her graceful, petite figure made it easy for her to skip around and between students. Elegantly crafted black spikes bounced atop her head, and the designer clothes she adorned hugged her small curves tightly. She was the complete opposite of my tall, curvy figure. Alice constantly attempted (in fact, I'm sure at this point it was a daily reminder of hers) to tell me that my curves, dull brown hair and even more dull brown eyes were outstandingly beautiful, though I usually shrugged her off. I wasn't large by any means, although I had a curvy body, which most high school girls didn't grow into until our senior year. In turn, my... situation made many of the popular girls angry with me. I found my reflection in the glass window of the hallway, and quickly looked away. I definitely didn't think I as ugly, though I was never sure where Alice got her over-exaggerated compliments from. Although she had nearly replaced every item of clothing I owned (with my reluctance), for school I still often adorned baggy sweatshirts and blue jeans. She tried to dress me up every morning she picked me up, although I didn't always participate willingly, which made it difficult for her. I followed Alice through the front doors of the school building and out towards the parking lot. Edward was leaning against Alice's yellow Porsche, the infamous crooked smile he always adorned tugging at the corner of his lips. Lauren was still tucked beneath his arm, causing Alice to let out a squeak of anger. "If he thinks I'm giving that tramp a ride home-" "Alice, hush- they'll hear you," I attempted, although Lauren's head shot up anyways. Her face contorted in an ugly stare. "Excuse me?" she demanded. " What did you just call me?" Alice stopped before her car, key chain in hand. She placed her finger upon her chin as though she were thinking deeply about the situation before her. "Hm… I think I called you a… what was that? Oh, right: a tramp ." Lauren scorned, causing Edward to laugh, although he covered it easily by coughing into his hand. "Eddie, control your sister!" Edward's face became hard and he removed his arm from her shoulders. "Lauren, please don't call me that." Lauren emitted a sigh, rolling her blue eyes. "Can you please just tell her to stop calling me names?" Alice interrupted quickly, not allowing Edward to respond, "I'll stop call you names when you stop tripping Bella. Capiche?" "Alice, Bella can't walk two feet without tripping," Edward intervened. Blood boiled to my cheeks- I was an extremely unstable person by nature and could not walk across a flat surface without finding something to fall over. Edward had discovered this when we were young, although in those days he was attempting to not let me hurt myself. "Alice, can we just go?" I questioned hastily, my voice quiet. Drama was the last thing I wanted to be involved in right now, and being as close to Edward as I was currently was, was beginning to make me uncomfortable. Lauren laughed, the sound resembling more of a shriek, "Wow, she does speak!" Alice merely pushed past them and unlocked the car, quickly opening her door. Edward began to grab the handle to the other door, but Alice had locked the car faster than he could react. "What the hell, Alice? Let me in!" Edward stated definitely. Alice shook her head. "You can walk, Edward. I'm sick of you guys treating Bella as poorly as you do. She's not your play toy- she's a person. She used to be your best friend." "That was a long time ago," Edward huffed, his face hard. Alice opened her mouth to continue, although the pressure in my chest had become enough. Edward had been bullying me for years, and I believed was finally ready to handle it. With graduation close around the corner, and having already been accepted into a college of my choice, I had nothing to lose. "Alice, I can handle myself, but I appreciate you trying," I began. Alice immediately stared at me, a black eyebrow quirked as though she wasn't sure what to expect. Well, I had to admit, I wasn't sure what to expect from myself, either. My gaze found Edward's, the emerald color of his irises catching me off guard. "Edward, yes, we were best friends, and yes, it was a long time ago. So get the hell over it, and let me move on with my life. I don't need a constant reminder of the guy you used to be. As for you Lauren- what the hell have I ever done to you? Back the hell off and check your attitude- you're acting like a middle school child who just got told she's not allowed to go to a carnival. Grow up." The fire in my eyes must have surprised the two of them, because Lauren stepped back. Edward remained silent, simply staring at me, although he was clearly taken aback by my outburst. I had always remained quiet during their taunting, so it made it easy for them to push my buttons. "I don't need this right now," he began, pushing Lauren forward. "C'mon, Lauren. We can get a ride with Emmett." As he turned to retreat, I made my way towards the yellow car before me. I tugged on the handle, but it remained locked. "Aly, can you let me in the car please?" My eyes found her own gray ones, wide with surprise. Her jaw was slack, her mouth dropped open. Her keys remained in her hands, untouched as she blinked. "How…-", she began. I raised a single dark eyebrow. "You push the little button on the right of that thing in your hand. Try it. It will let me in." "Drop the sarcasm, Bells. That was… that was amazing!" Alice's face cracked, her smile prominent. I felt the corner of my lips tug into a smile. "You think? You don't think it was too much?" "Hell no!" Alice retreated into the car, unlocking it for me to get in. The entire ride back to the Cullen house was filled with laughter about the look on her brother's face, and how Lauren didn't know how to respond when a victim stood up to her bullying. Alice drove quickly, and although I was used to it, I felt my hands clench around the seatbelt