The door to the third floor storeroom creaked open, tossing a small beam of amber light across the narrow, mahogany floor planks. When it unlatched in earnest, the ray inched across the room, illuminating several large crates and cupboards that would serve as tempting hiding spots to amateur mischief-maker. But Harry was no amateur. He crouched down behind a large stone pillar in the far recesses of the storeroom and, hidden behind its stature, discreetly reached into his robes for the invisibility cloak he kept stored within the folds. Though the war had ended some seven months ago, he'd found daily use for his father's robe; though less threatening than Voldemort and his followers in a traditional sense, Harry was growing more certain that constant camera flashes and the not-so-subtle advances of admiring witches and wizards could prove equally fatal. It was for that reason—his desire for privacy—that he still carried the cloak. It was also the reason that he'd elected to return to Hogwarts after the Final Battle. To a certain extent, the castle walls shielded him from the paparazzi, allowing him to have some semblance of a normal life. Having a thousand sets of eyes follow his movements daily wasn't ideal, but it beat the millions he faced every time he left the castle. He was grateful that the Hogwarts apparition wards kept out the majority of the wizarding world. However, in this moment, he wished they were a bit easier to break. "We know you're in here. Unfortunately, these ancient doors attract a lot of attention when they're pulled shut." Harry flinched at the familiar voice. His fingers tugged at the smooth, silver fabric and, feeling it give way, he shimmied the cloak across his body, watching his feet, legs, and torso disappear before he was finally encased in its invisible armor. "I promise you, we mean you no harm," the voice reassured. Harry could hear his ginger footsteps lightly plodding across the floor, slow and deliberate, as if to not scare him off. "You aren't in any kind of trouble. We aren't concerned about your being out after curfew. We just want to talk to you about what we heard tonight." A few moments of silence passed. Harry took deep, measured breathes. He glanced around the room for a potential exit route, but knew he'd find none; the only exit was the entrance: a hidden door behind a tapestry hanging in the Gunhilda of Gorsemore corridor. "For Merlin's sake. This is ridiculous. Lumos! " a second, deeper voice commanded as heavy footsteps walked the perimeter of the circular storeroom. "Just come out and talk to us if you don't want a week's worth of detentions." Golden light filled the cluttered room. Harry grimaced and bit his lip, covering his face with his right hand as he retreated further into the cover of his cloak. "Sirius, we agreed on calm and nonthreatening," Remus Lupin reminded him, but a touch of amusement undercut his chiding tone. "I don't think your approach qualifies as either." Sirius laughed and pocketed his wand, but continued his search with no less intensity. "You have a knack for hiding yourself. I'll give you that much," Remus noted as he casually peered behind an antique armoire some ten feet from Harry's hiding spot—the exact spot where Harry had first come across the Mirror of Erised some seven years ago. If he were to glance in it tonight, he was sure it would show him a way back to his dormitory and out this mess. "That's two impressive talents of yours that we've discovered tonight. I'm sure I can speak for Professor Black when I say that we both like you already. So, why not come out, show us who you are, and let us praise you properly?" After a few more minutes of searching, Remus sighed. "I don't think anyone's here, Sirius. Whoever this boy is, he's clever; he must have slammed the door as a red herring to distract us." "Maybe," Sirius grumbled, eyeing the room suspiciously, as if it had consciously played a part in shielding the boy from them. "I just don't understand why he would run in the first place." "Students tend to be a bit leery of teachers after curfew," Remus offered. "Or perhaps he was embarrassed. He obviously didn't intend for anyone to hear him tonight." "Embarrassed?" Sirius questioned, one eyebrow raised. "Embarrassed about what? I haven't heard a voice like that since Lorcan d'Eath. And even then…" "He could give him a run for his galleons," Remus agreed. Sirius nodded. "So who the hell is he and how do we convince him to join the choir?" Harry remained frozen beneath his cloak for nearly an hour after their departure, not daring to move in case Remus and Sirius had decided to wait outside the door for him to emerge. He hadn't forgotten that they were Marauders. Hoisting himself to his feet, he pulled a wrinkled parchment from the inner-lining of his pocket and tapped it with his wand. "I solemnly swear that I'm up to no good." Squiggles of black ink danced across the eggshell-tinted paper, joining together to form the familiar out of Hogwarts Castle. He exhaled when he was that the path from the third-floor corridor to the Gryffindor Tower was clear; Sirius and Remus were comfortably stationary in the first floor staffroom, no doubt sharing a cup of tea and discussing the night's events. Harry noted with a grin that Ron and Hermione were huddled up together in the Prefects bathroom on the fifth floor. "I guess that's one of the benefits of being Head Girl," Harry muttered under his breathe. "Mischief managed." Slipping the invisibility cloak around his shoulders, Harry made his way to the seventh-floor tower and whispered "mysterium amat" to the Fat Lady. As he entered the common room, he spotted Fay Dunbar and Demelza Robins sitting in the armchairs nearest to the boy's staircase. Though younger than Harry, his time spent hunting Horcruxes meant they were now the same year and shared several courses. The pair—like several others in the common room—were leaning close to one another, giggling down at the pages of Witch Weekly magazine and whispering feverishly. Harry caught a glimpse of the article causing the commotion: POTTER TO POSE FOR PLAYWITCH ? by Antha Blackwood, Witch Weekly Is the Wizarding World's most private heartthrob set to bare all in Playwitch magazine? Sources close to Harry have revealed that the notoriously camera-shy wizard intends to flash his winning…smile…in January's charity edition. "Harry likes to keep to himself, but can't say no to a good cause," a close friend of Potter reveals. "When Playwitch approached him about stripping down to stand up for werewolf rights, he couldn't refuse. Especially when all proceeds go to support research on a cure for lycanthropy, a cause that is especially close to his heart." For all of you readers who are feeling guilty about your desire to watch Harry shed his clothes (and his halo): don't be. Not one of us hasn't fantasized about watching Potter polish his Firebolt. Do you have a fantasy about Harry that you're hoping to see in Playwitch ? Let us know. We'll post the most provocative pose ideas in next week's edition of Witch Weekly. Harry scowled, cheeks reddening as he sprinted up the staircase and past the 7th-year dormitory to his private bedroom (a precaution McGonagall had insisted upon before allowing him to return to Hogwarts). " Playwatch? " He growled as he locked the door behind him and depositing his cloak on the dresser. "Not bloody likely." Harry kicked off his shoes and allowed himself to fall backward onto his four-poster, his tense muscles relaxing against the plush bedding. His mind drifted away from Witch Weekly 's latest rumor to his detention earlier this evening and the resulting run-in with Sirius and Remus. He groaned and buried his head in a crimson pillowcase. "You're an idiot, Harry," he told himself. "You've been keeping this secret for nearly eight years and you almost threw it all away tonight because of your carelessness." It was all Ron's fault, really. Harry had been practicing his non-verbal summoning spells when the redhead distracted him with the news that he and Hermione were planning on moving in together after graduation. "Harry," Ron had said, looking a bit pale as he flipped through the pages of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Seven. "Have you decided if you are moving in with Sirius after graduation?" Harry shrugged, a small frown fixing itself between his eyes. "I'm not sure, honestly. If you would have asked me a year ago when he was cleared, I wouldn't have hesitated. And it was brilliant of him to offer, but I just…" "You want him to be able to have his own life," Hermione softly. Harry nodded. "I get that, mate," Ron told him. "Especially now that he's seeing that American bird. You don't exactly want to be hanging around if he's bringing her home to shag every night." "Ron!" Hermione hissed. Harry's cheeks colored and he redoubled his efforts to summon the water glass from across the classroom. "It's true," Ron continued, seemingly unfazed by Hermione's irritation. "It doesn't matter if it's true or not," Hermione snapped. "It's impolite and it's none of your business." She attempted to summon her own goblet from across the room; it wobbled, but didn't move. Frowning, she turned to Harry. "I think you're right to give him his space. And…" Her voice faded. Harry shot her the barest of glances before responding, "You're giving me that look again." "I'm not." "You are," he countered hotly. "Whatever you have to say, just say it." "Alright," Hermione agreed, and Harry felt more than saw her catch Ron's eye. "I think he needs his space, but I also think that you need to take some time to yourself to figure out what you want in life." "Hermione," Harry started warningly. "No, Harry. You need to listen. This may not be the time or the place, but I can't hold this in anymore. These last few months, you've been acting like nothing has changed, Harry—like your life is exactly as it was before you defeated Voldemort. But it's not. Everything has changed. Everyone is moving forward and you need to, also." Harry said nothing. He stared at the water goblet and willed it to fly, or fall, or shatter—to do anything to take the focus away from this conversation. "She's right, Harry," Ron told him. He'd stopped pretending to read A Standard Book of Spells . His full attention was focused on Harry. "You could have done anything after the Battle of Hogwarts. You could have gone anywhere. But you chose to come here. And here you are, sitting in Charms practicing summoning charms. Why? Why come back to Hogwarts?" "To finish school. You both came back, as well. Or have you forgotten that?" Harry whispered, eyes still fixed on the goblet. He could feel Ron's and Hermione's stares. "I came back because I'm never going to find an acceptable job in the Ministry without my N.E.W.T.S.," Hermione told him calmly. "Ron came back for the same reason. You came back—" "—to finish school. Just like both of you," Harry said calmly. Ron and Hermione exchanged sad looks. "But you didn't, Harry. And you know it." "Oh, really?" Harry rolled his eyes. "Then why did I come back?" "To hide," Hermione stated matter-of-factly. "to hide from the media and to hide from reality. You came back to hide from the realization that the last seven years of your life have been focused on getting rid of Voldemort and you don't know what to do know that he's gone." "That's not true. And," Harry whispered. "And even if it were true, you are acting like you both aren't in the same position." "Well," Ron began, looking anxious. "We aren't, mate. We know what we