Disclaimer : I don't own Twilight or the characters. I'm just playing with them. Authors Note : This is just a one-shot of ExB having some fun together in high school. Also, please excuse any mistakes. This isn't Beta'd. Reviews = Love SONG: 6 months - Hey Monday You're the direction I follow to get home When I feel like I can't go on, you tell me to go And it's like I can't feel a thing without you around And don't mind me if I get weak in the knees 'cause you have that effect on me, you do Filthy Hot Mess . [March 2002 ] First day in a new school could always be stressful. High school sucked regardless but moving to a new school in the middle of the year just blew. Seriously. "Are you getting up, Bella?" My dad, Charlie, Chief of police called up to me. Forks, Washington was exactly as I remembered it when I used to visit my dad from Arizona, rainy and green. I was more of a sunshine and brown kind of girl but I'd get used to it like I always got used to my weird family dynamic. My mom, Renee, married Phil, a baseball player, and since he moved around a lot, my mom wanted to go with him and I didn't want to 'bother' them. So, I decided to move to Forks, the smallest place ever, and live with my dad. Maybe we would get to know each other better and actually have a normal relationship, at least, that's what I was hoping for. "I'm up!" I called back. "All right! I'm off to work! Have a good day!" He shouted as I heard him leave. I rolled over and out of bed; making my way over to my closet. I stared at my outfits, pondering on what would be a good 'first day of a new school' outfit. I finally decided on a long-sleeved deep blue V-neck sweater, black skinny jeans and my boots because let's face it, I was a klutz and I needed all the help I could get. I brushed out my brown hair until it flowed down my back just the right way. My skin was so pale that I would fit right in with all the other 'vampires' who had never seen the sun. I kept my make-up light, adding mascara to bring attention to my hazel eyes. After I was done getting dressed, I grabbed a granola bar and headed out to my old rusted truck. Honestly, I loved that truck; I didn't care if all the other kids had 'fancy' cars. Something about my truck just made me... happy. I drove to the school slowly, careful of the ice that covered the roads. The school wasn't hard to find since it was just off the high way. My heart was pounding in my chest as I found a parking spot near the front; I gave myself a quick pep talk before I got out and made my way toward the bricked school, confidently. When I entered the building, I kept my eyes on the ground. I ran into something hard and fell, roughly, on my ass. "Oh, shit! Sorry! Are you okay?" A voice asked me. I looked up, rubbing my ass, "I'm okay, you're super hard," I said then bit my tongue at how that sounded. He chuckled, "I've been told that," He said cockily. I rolled my eyes as he pulled me to my feet, "Thanks," I said brushing my jeans off. He was good-looking, of course, and an asshole. That was always the case though, wasn't it? He had brown hair that seemed to have natural red highlights in it and was disarrayed. His eyes were brilliantly green, stunning and bright. He wasn't tan but I mean, who was in this rain hole? He was tall, over six feet, and lean. "You're new here, aren't you?" He asked. "What gave that away?" I replied sarcastically. "You look lost," He said leaning against the wall casually. "Well, since you plowed into me, how about you point me to the main office?" I asked looking around. "After you agree to go on a date with me," He said grinning. "And who are you?" I demanded. "Edward Cullen; I own this school, ask around, everyone knows who I am," He said. I sighed, "Well, Edward Cullen, show me to the main office, please," I repeated. "How about your name and number?" He pushed. "I'll give you my name and YOU find my number," I returned. "I don't do hard to get well," He snarled. "Okay," I smiled, "Well, see ya," I said moving around him. "Wait! Okay, okay, tell me your name," He commanded. "Uhh... Isabella Swan," I told him. "That better not be a fake name!" He scowled. I laughed, "Everyone calls me Bella," I told him. "Uh huh, cute name," He smiled at me. "Thanks, now, main office?" I asked again. "Oh, right, it's over there," He pointed across the hall. I frowned, "Jerk," I said and crossed the hall. An older woman with white short hair, a motherly face and a floral sweater smiled at me, "Hello, what can I do for you, sweetie?" She asked me. "Hi, my name is Isabella Swan," I told her. "Yes, the new student, you're home room is in A36; I'll have someone walk you," She rummaged through some papers, "Oh, Edward, will you show Bella here to A36, please?" She asked. I turned and groaned, "You just won't quit, will you?" I asked. Edward smiled, "I'm the guidance runner," He informed me. "Whatever, let's get this over with," I grumbled; took the papers from the old woman and smiled at her, "Thank you," I told her. "You're welcome, dear, Edward here will take you to your class," She said smiling at me. I nodded and turned to follow him. "So, where are you from?" He asked me when we started down the hall. "Here originally but I've lived in Arizona most of my life," I said looking at the room numbers as we passed. They didn't have letters before the numbers yet. "Wow, you're far away from home, aren't you?" " Mmhmmm ." "Come on, Bella, why are you being like that? I just want to be your friend," He said frowning. I rolled my eyes, "I know what you want, Edward, and it isn't a friendship," I said, looking at him again. "How do you know what I want?" He snapped. "Because you're a guy, Edward, and guys only want one thing," I said calmly. He pushed me against the lockers, caging me in with his arms, "Go on a date with me, Bella; I never go on dates but I'm asking you, please, come over to my house; I'll make dinner and we'll watch a movie," He said using his 'eyes' on me. "You've never gone on a date before?" I asked doubtfully. He shook his head, "No; I don't kiss either," He said. "So, you just have sex? No strings?" I asked with a raised eyebrow. He nodded, "I could show you a thing or two," He said cockily. "I'm sure you could but I'm not into the whole 'hit it and quit it' shit, so, thanks but no thanks," I said wiggling free. He let me go, "Bella, you're killing me, you've never lived a little?" He demanded. "I'm not discussing my personal life with you, Edward," I snapped. "So you're a virgin? Nice," He grinned at me. I sighed heavily and shook my head, "Why is it that, whenever, you guys find out a girl's a virgin, you form a line to see who will take it first?" I asked. "Every guy wants to leave their mark first," He told me. "That's so degrading to women." "Are you a feminist?" "No, I'm not, I believe in waiting for someone you really like, not just giving up to the first that guy that wants it." "You're one of those 'wait for true love' people, aren't you?" "Did I say that?" I growled. He played with my hair, "You're feisty; I like that," He said. "You're an idiot," I spat. "Careful, my ego is fragile," He teased. "Are we almost there?" I asked noticing the A's now. A16 . "You have eyes, what does it look like?" He asked. "Don't get an attitude, Cullen, you don't know me like that, what if I have a temper?" I demanded. "Trust me, I can handle it, Swan," He smirked. "Let's not find out, okay?" I said shooting him a look. "One date and if you don't like me then I'll leave you alone," He said when we stopped in front of A36 , finally. I didn't believe him for a second, "One date and you'll leave me alone?" I repeated. He nodded, "I swear," He put his hand on his chest; over his heart. "Fine, find my number and give me a call," I said opening the door of my homeroom and going in; giving Edward one last teasing look. I met a girl in my homeroom, her name was Alice Brandon. I didn't know what to think about her at first but we had three classes together, so that was that. Alice told me I could call her Ali. She was cute and popular because of who she dated, Jasper Whitlock who was on the football team. She was short, shorter than I, and slender. Her ink black hair short and curled was perfect as was her make-up. Her eyes were dark and heavy. She had creamy white flawless skin. She was energetic and always happy; I liked her. "So, I saw you talking to Edward, better be careful with him, he's a one-time deal," Ali told me as we stood in line together, her posse close behind. "Have you guys...hooked up?" I asked her. She giggled, "Umm... eww , no, he's Jasper's best friend, but one of my friend's, Angie, did it with him; she said after they did it, he never talked to her again," She said picking up an apple and examining it. Her nails were pink and perfectly manicured. "Has he had sex a lot?" I questioned. She looked up at me and laughed, "Of course he has, that's what his kind does," She said. "Well, I'll teach him a lesson," I said. She grinned, "That's totally boss, girl, you can make him fall in love with you and then rip out his heart," She said with an evil smile. "Okay, John Tucker must die , calm down, I wasn't talking about that, I was just saying I could make him work for it, you know? Like, not give up the goods?" I said. "You'd make him wait? Jesus, are you, like, superwoman?" She demanded. "I've never had sex, so, it's not really that big of a deal," I said shrugging. "Never? Why?" She asked with wide-eyes. "Just never wanted to, I guess," I said simply; put a banana on my tray and a pudding. "You've never been curious about how it feels?" She asked me. I shrugged again, "Tell me, Ali, my new friend, what does it feel like to have sex? Is it glorious?" I asked playfully. "Sometimes it is; sometimes it isn't, I guess it depends on who you do it with, when I lost mine, it was amazing because it was with Jasper and he's my soul-mate, so it was meant to be," She told me with a tiny smile. I followed her to the lunch table where a blonde guy, blonde girl and dark-haired guy was and sat down next to her, "Is it better to do it with someone experienced?" I asked her. She introduced me quickly, "Rosalie Hale; her boyfriend Emmett McCarty and my boyfriend Jasper Whitlock; this is Bella Swan," She said before answering my question, "I mean, when you do it with someone experienced they