So this is my newest story. I haven't posted here in a very long time. I had some things I had to do that kept me really busy. The first chapter is just the build up to her return to Middle Earth. This story is about Glorfindel's sister being reborn in 1916, but then traveling back to the third age to fight Sauron with her brother, the other elves, and the fellowship. The first two chapters will feature her return to middle earth, then she may be a tenth walker, or she may just be a warrior with her brother. I haven't decided yet. Thanks for reading! London, U.K. -1916 "Ma'am, I have a telegram for a Mrs. Rita Baker," the young boy at her door said. He held out a small envelope and left quickly after she took it in her shaking hand. There is only one reason the telegraph boys leave that quickly before being tipped, telegraphs from the Department of War. She closed the door slowly and rested a hand on her curved abdomen, "No matter what happens little one, everything will be alright." She assured as she walked down the narrow hall and back to her writing desk with an unfinished letter to Jeremiah. She sat in front of it on the hard wooden chair and opened the envelope. Within was a small paper with the telegraph written on the bottom, she read, ' Dear Mrs. Baker, we regret to inform you that your husband, Private Jeremiah L. Baker, died in battle on 5 March, 1916 in Verdun, France. We offer you our greatest condolences and thank your family for the honorable sacrifice that has been made for this great country.-Sincerely, Earl Herbert Kitchener.' Anguish and fear filled her soul as she finished the letter. Jeremiah, her husband of only a year died, leaving her a widow with a child on the way in just three months. When he left for the trenches months before, she had just found out she was pregnant. In their letters, he promised he would do his best to be home in time to help her raise the child. Rita had always known of the possibility that Jeremiah wouldn't be coming home from the war since he left. That was the nature of war. She had seen friends lose husbands, brothers, and even fathers over the past year and a half. Her aunt who lived in the country lost her husband and three of her five sons during the battle of Coronel. They all went down with the ship. Her last two sons were too young to be part of the war and are all she has to help work the farm now. Everyone was going through hardships, now she just had to join them. Rita sighed, rested her face in her arms, and wept silently. What would happen now? Jeremiah had promised to be there to raise their child together, but now she had to do it alone. She had no close family left, her parents had died years ago and she had no siblings. The closest family she had left were a few aunts and uncles scattered throughout the countryside, and Jeremiah's brother, who was still fighting in Belgium. She wouldn't ask Jeremiah's family for help raising their child. He never got on with them to begin with. His brother was the only person from his family who had come to their wedding. A pregnant widow couldn't raise a child easily by themselves without a lot of support from others in the community, especially family members. This fact left her one choice, she had to go to the countryside and seek out help from her aunt. That's where her angel would have the best chance of a happy childhood. June, 1916- Somerset, England Rita awoke with a set spot on her bed. The sheets and duvet were wet, as were her night clothes. She gasped and waddled into the next room where her aunt slept. "Aunt Ruth," she whispered as she got closer to the bed. "Aunt Ruth, wake up, it's time. The baby is coming," Rita called, a little louder this time. Ruth groaned, "Huh?" "The baby is coming. My waters broke." "Alright child, go wake Thomas, he will fetch the midwife," Ruth said as she got out of bed. -Six Hours Later- "Ruth, I don't know if I can do this for much lonnnnger!" Rita groaned as another contraction hit her. Ruth held her hand, "Rita, you don't have a choice. This baby is going to come into the world whether you want it to or not." Sister Katherine, the local midwife, rested her hands against Rita's abdomen. "It shouldn't be long long now, dear. The baby has shifted down quite a bit now. He or She should be here within the hour." Rita smiled. Her child. Her child would be with her in the hour. Oh, how she hoped they look Jeremiah. Another contraction hit her and she groaned. She could feel pain radiating across her abdomen and back. She felt an urge to push. "Sister, I. Need. To. Push." She said as she panted through the contractions. The midwife checked the baby's position and smiled, "Well, then push you shall. The rest of the birth should be swift, dear." 'This was it,' Rita thought as another contraction came about. She pushed, and lordy did it hurt, but this was for her baby, the last part of Jeremiah she had left. Each contraction and each push brought that sweet child closer to entering the world. "This is it, Rita. I see the head. One more big push and the baby will be here!" Sister Katherine announced. Rita smiled in joy, and relief, as the last contraction hit her and she pushed as hard as she could. There was a spike of pain and then the wailing of a newborn child. That blessed cry was the best thing she had heard in her twenty-four years of life. "Well, will you look at that," Sister Katherine said. "What? Is there anything wrong?" Rita asked, in fear. "Oh, no, no dear. Nothing's wrong. She just has a bit of a point on her ears, nothing that won't go away as she grows." Sister Katherine said. Relief was replaced with joy, a girl! They had a daughter. A perfect little daughter. Rita sighed in relief, "May I see her?" The midwife smiled and placed the small child into Rita's arms. Sister Katherine was right, the child did have a distinct point on the top of her ears, but that was cute. Jeremiah also had slightly pointed ears as well, but not as much as their daughter. However, that was where the resemblance to Jeremiah or herself ended. They both had dark hair and eyes and strong facial features. This child had wispy hair as light as the September wheat fields sprouting from the palest skin she had ever laid eyes upon. The babe had eyes that were light, however, those could always darken over the first few months. She couldn't tell much about the facial features because all babies look alike for the first couple of months. She couldn't help but love this bundle of joy even though she hadn't received any of Jeremiah's features, or many of her own. Her own mother had lighter hair, perhaps this is where it came from, and Jeremiah's brother had green eyes, maybe that could explain the baby's colouring. "Rita, what will you name her?" Aunt Ruth inquired as she gently played with a small foot. What should she name her? At first she was thinking Maya, after Jeremiah, but that didn't suit this angel at all. "I will call her Angelica." Rita said proudly. "Angelica Maya Baker, you are a blessing and I want you to know that we will always love you. Your father and I, will always love you." Rita said stroking the short hairs on the baby's head. May, 1919-Somerset, England "Rita, I understand your concern, but I'm sure Angelica is just fine. Some children just don't grow as quickly as others. You were always quite small for your age until you were about ten." Her Aunt Ruth assured, as they sat on the porch. "In fact, my own Liza barely grew at all, and then one night it was like she grew ten centimeters. She was a strange one, never grew steadily. It was so sudden each time." Ruth laughed, remembering how her daughter would suddenly not fit into her shoes one day, or her hems would have to be let down centimeters one day, and then not again for a few years. "I suppose you're right, Aunt Ruth. I just wish she would grow, no matter what I do, she won't gain weight, she isn't getting any taller, and she barely looks any different than what she did last year," Rita sighed, looking out upon the rolling hills and fields that surrounded her aunt's home. The day was bright and breezy and the children were making the most of it by playing in the garden. Aunt Ruth's sons were older, nearly adults, but Angelina, who would be turning three next month, looked like a child a full year younger than she actually was. She was, cognitively, the same as the other children her age. She was quiet, but able to talk rather well when she wanted to and she understood what the other children her age did. Physically, she was shorter than other children her age. Her facial features were younger. However, her hair was long, falling in soft golden ringlets around her face and resting along the tops of her shoulderblades. Her ears were still pointed and the local physician said that it isn't all that uncommon for some people to be born with pointier ears. She still showed no physical traits from Jeremiah, or herself. As she grew older, it became harder and harder to see any familiar features in her daughter's face. No dark hair or eyes. No freckles from her father. No bump on her small nose. Her skin was pale and unblemished, her eyes were the colour of the dew covered sage that grew in Ruth's garden, and her facial features were fine and feminine, yet showed strength and beauty yet to come. Her daughter was named after, and looked like an angel. Jeremiah's brother, Timothy, claimed that she was a gift to all those around her who had suffered greatly from the losses of the Great War. He was the only member of Jeremiah's family that visited the child, he was also the only family member that possibly looked like her. They both had green eyes, but that was about it. Timothy would reassure Rita on every visit that Jeremiah was also a small child and he eventually caught up with his classmates in primary school. Timothy also told her stories that his family had passed down over generations about his great-great-great grandmother who shone like the sun, had immense beauty, and hair like shimmering gold. Angelica ran through the long grass and squealed as one of the boys grabbed her and tossed her over his shoulder. Rita smiled, her daughter was happy and had a supportive family. "Charlie, please be careful, she just had lunch." Aunt Ruth warned her youngest son as he spun the young child around in the grass. "Yes, Mum." The boy replied, before setting his cousin back on solid ground and chasing after his brother, who was taking a break from his chores and entertaining his younger brother and cousin so that Ruth and Rita would have some time to relax. "Rita, enjoy it while you still can, children grow up so quickly," Ruth warned, a smile on her lips as her sons wrestled on the ground. There was a sad, empty look in her eyes as she remembered her other sons and her husband who died in the war. August, 1926-Somerset, England "Mummy, why am