Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or its characters. However, I do own the plot. I may just be a little candle in your life. I may burn out and melt after a little while. But I wish within that time my light touches your heart, Even for a while… -Unknown Silence . Only silence could be heard in the big library of Hogwarts. The dim light which was emitting from three candles wasn't enough to brighten everywhere. The shadows of shelves, chairs and tables were dancing on the walls. A rather strange shadow began to walk with quiet steps. The moving shadow, which by now was motionless again, belonged to no one but Hermione Granger. Hermione sighed tiredly as she let her eyes roam the book titles carefully. Finding the book she was looking for, she reached out and pulled it towards herself. She then walked towards the small wooden table she had occupied, flipping through the dog-eared book pages. The library was completely deserted since it was dinner time and all students were in the Great Hall eating breezily, not having a care about tomorrow's Potion exam unlike her. She really failed every time she tried to understand other students. She couldn't understand why they didn't care half as much as she did about OWLs. This year was an important year for all of them and yet they weren't taking it as seriously as they were supposed to. Didn't they know this year's exams were going to be more difficult to prepare them for OWLs? Didn't they know they should use their weekends for studying and not gossiping or lazing around? Apparently not. Huffing in annoyance, she plumped herself down on her chair and opened the book. Pushing the thoughts of her carefree classmates to the depths of her mind, she decided firmly not to think about them again; she had to study and take notes not worrying about others. Reading the first paragraph of a chapter, she reached for her quill and started writing in neat handwriting. Hermione was busy writing and glancing back at the paragraph that she almost missed the heavy thud sound. Nearly jumping up out of surprise, she stopped reading and turned her head towards the aisles. She heard a faint ouch followed by the rustle of robes and then a quiet thump . Summoning up all of her courage, she put her quill back on the wooden table and then inched her hand towards her wand. Her grip on the book tightened as she grabbed the base of her wand and stayed alert. Hermione could hear her fast-beating heart's sound while she remained alert and quiet as a mouse. She eyed the aisles carefully, focusing and trying to remember every single curse and jinx she had learned so far. With You-Know-Who's sudden and brutal return last year, she knew she should stay alert and on guard all the time. The fact that she was in Hogwarts wasn't going to make her think she was in a safe place; a Death Eater was among them for the majority of the previous year in disguise after all. And even if the roaming person was going to turn out to be a Hogwarts student or a professor, Hermione preferred to feel embarrassed than regretful. The more the footsteps became louder and closer, the more her grip on her wand and book tightened. Being as alert and vigilant as a lioness, she stood up from her chair as soon as she saw a moving shadow and held her wand so tightly that her knuckles turned white. She made out a tall figure walking towards her spot. The light emitting from the candles on her table was just enough to brighten the spot she was standing. A curse was on the tip of her tongue when the figure talked. "Put that wand aside, Granger, I'm still too young to die…though I wouldn't mind being killed by a pretty witch, I still want to live." The voice was familiar to her ears. Whoever this person, who was still standing in the dark, was, he could be neither Harry, nor Ron; they called her by her first name and, besides, they weren't tall as this person. "And besides, I don't fancying the idea of dying here—in a library." Her grip on her book loosened, but she still tried to put two and two together and recognize this person's voice as she held her wand as tightly as before. "What's wrong with you? Are you petrified again?" Hermione noticed a faint hint of humor in his voice and then the realization dawned on her. Dumping the book on the table and lowering her wand, she rolled her eyes. "What's wrong with you ? You nearly gave me a heart attack,'' she said accusingly, sitting back on her chair and putting back her wand on the table. "I gave the Hermione Granger a heart attack? Unbelievable!" The tall figure started walking and as Hermione had just guessed, it was one of the infamous Weasley twins. The ginger-head boy plonked himself down on a chair across from Hermione,"But I don't blame you for being alert. Not in the slightest." He glanced at the candles and waved his hand lazily. The candle light became brighter and stronger. He then merely smirked as she looked at the candles and then back at him in astonishment. "What you just witnessed, Granger, was both a nonverbal and wand-less magic," he said with an air of pride. "That poor light was harmful to your eyes." Hermione stared at him for a couple of moments before leaning back in her chair. Crossing her arms, her surprise turned into suspicion. "What would a Weasley twin want to do in a library, if I might ask?" she asked, raising a brow at him. He shrugged and grinned at her afterwards," Is it that uncharacteristic of us to come to the library?" "It's unusual, not typical of you and therefore surprising and suspicious at the same time." "Well—then suppose I came here to say hi to Madam Pince." "You know as well as me that she's right now in the Great Hall." "So…then I came here to see if the library is how it should be!" "It doesn't make any sense." "What makes sense to you, then, Granger?" ''You coming here to burn all the books to ashes." "And why would I want to possibly do that?" he asked her, half-surprised, half-amused, raising his both eyebrows at her. "I'm not sure," Hermione shrugged, pretending to think, tilting her head." Maybe because you're a prankster?" "Being a prankster doesn't mean that you're an anti-book or I-want-to-destroy-all-books kind of person." "All right, I give up," Hermione stated impatiently, uncrossing and holding up her hands in mock surrender." Why did you come here, Fred? Lost your way?" Fred, who was by now lounging on the chair, wasn't even a bit surprised when she called him by his own name. It had been clear to him that she was a brilliant and smart witch when she was in her first year. And, besides, he knew that by telling her 'I'm not Fred, I'm George', he'd just waste his time; Hermione wasn't going to buy it. "I know my way around the castle very well, Granger, one of the main terms to be a prankster it is, so I'm not lost or something," he said with an easy smile as the brown-haired girl across him kept looking at him with narrowed eyes and an air of suspicion." And why don't we suppose that I'm here to check on my favorite Prefect?" Hermione, unaffected by the cheeky wink he gave her, resist the temptation to roll her eyes at his flirtatious comment and instead snorted softly," Favorite Prefect my foot. I'm not going to give you back the Puking Pastilles if that's why you've came here, Fred." The previous week, Hermione, being sick and tired of the twins behaving the first-years as their lab rats, had walked with confident and a dark aura towards their spot in the Common Room and had snatched the box from George's hands and with a fierce glare at both of them, she went to Girls' Dorms, aware that everyone had become silent just like the dead. While, back then, George's expression at her antics was a mixture of surprise and annoyance, she didn't lose the fact that Fred was looking at her with a lopsided smirk and amusement. She hadn't dwelt on it though; she was, at the same time, too irritated at them and yet too excited to go up to the dorms and examine the pastilles to figure out how the twins had invented them. So far, she hadn't been successful and wasn't going to ask the twins about their products after her yells, threats, and last week's little show. Moreover, she had noticed that George had been ignoring her since last week, not that they had been conversing a lot before that, but seeing him ignore her was a bit unnerving to her; the twins weren't vindictive and since George was the sensible twin, wasn't he supposed to understand her? She was a Prefect after all. She couldn't turn a blind eye on their antics like Ron. "The pastilles? You can keep 'em, Granger," Fred's amused voice interrupted Hermione's train of thoughts."Me and George—'' ''George and I.'' ''Whatever—me and George are going to invent more of them, anyway, so we don't need the pastilles you took from us last week.'' Silence fell over them and they stared at each other. The candle light was shimmering and shadows on their faces were dancing. ''So,'' Fred's loud voice broke the long silence that had fallen over them.'' What were you doing?'' Determined to change the topic of their conversation, he blurted out the first thing that came to his mind and, afterwards, mentally slapped himself for asking such a stupid question. Hermione rolled her eyes, crossing her arms,'' Before you came here, Fred, I was busy trying to come up with a plan to run off and elope with a librarian,'' Her voice was heavy with sarcasm before she sounded irritated,'' No—honestly, Fred! What would one do in a library? Study, of course,'' Huffing, she frowned slightly at him. Deciding to ignore her sarcastic comment, he smirked teasingly at her,'' Studying? You mean eating up the whole books and ruminating them while taking exams?'' '' Fred !" Hermione's shriek-like voice echoed around the deserted library. Slamming her hands on the table, she said,'' Did you just compare me to a ruminant? I'm truly offended right now!'' Gulping, Fred glanced at the candles which jerked when Hermione hit the table and then looked up at her annoyed expression. ''Give me a reason to not hex you, Fredrick Weasley.'' Hermione's hand inched towards her wand, Fred looked down before looking up at her dark eyes. ''What,'' she growled,'' You lost your amazing ability to play with words all of a sudden?'' The bright light of candles reflected on her dark eyes. Grasping at straws, he said,'' You are charmingly terrifying when you're angry, Granger.'' ''This was the most horrible pick-up line I've heard so far, Weasley,'' She said calmly but still her expression was fierce. ''Look on the bright side, at least it was honest,'' he shrugged, glancing at her wand. Sighing tiredly, she moved her hand away from her wand (much to Fred's relief) and rubbed her temples. ''Sorry,'' She went on,'' I've been studying a lot lately for my OWLs and has a lot on my plate. Besides, there're Harry and Ron and Merlin knows how hard I have to try to keep them away from trouble. Then, there're my duties as a Prefect which I have to do them in the best way… And yet Umbridge has the nerve to come and call Harry a liar and fake a nasty smile! And Death Eaters, his return, the war which