Author's Note: An AU one-shot appeared instead of my psychology essay but I'm not complaining. Please R&R and enjoy! If I get enough support I might flesh it out to be something more! 1981 to 1988 Tom Riddle had successfully made only one horcrux before he was defeated for good after the murder of Lily and James Power on October 31st 1981. The entity his body had become when his curse rebounded was destroyed after his teenage diary had been surrendered by Lucius Malfoy to the Order. The Malfoy family, lead primarily by Narcissa, had defected to the Light three months before the birth of their son. The change in allegiance had been monumental and the darkest wizard of the age had been vanquished before he could inflict any permanent damage upon the Magical Community. The two boys, one without parents and one with, grew up to resemble brothers as Sirius Black took his rightful role as Godfather to the Boy Who Lived and raised the pair to be kind, mischievous but loyal children. The duo quickly became a group of five as Draco and Harry were introduced to Ron Weasley, Theodore Nott and Blaise Zabini through Narcissa's connections. The five were notorious as they were tutored by the same couple and spent their summers playing Quidditch and pulling pranks with Ron's older brothers Fred and George. The daughters of Narcissa's friends were also banded together to be tutored and that's how her childhood went. Pansy, Daphne Greengrass, Ginevra Weasley and an odd little girl named Luna Lovegood were taught etiquette, simple spell work and the basics by their tutor, a formidable witch named Mrs Loveday, who also taught the boys. The strict woman taught the girls arithmancy, potions and history on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays and her husband, the boy's tutor, Mr Lovett, would teach the girls how to fly, tend to a garden and cook on Tuesdays and Thursdays. The husband and wife shared the children's education between them and often taught all nine of them together in the large gardens at Malfoy Manor. Pansy had spent her summers chasing a bewitched snitch around Narcissa's rose garden and practically lived out of a small bag that her mother had enchanted to hold the young child's clothes. She bounced from one friend's house to another, her favourites being the Burrow and Grimmauld Place. The Burrow, packed to the seams with people, was always loud but homely and Mrs Weasley had taken it upon herself to mother the seven children when they came to stay. Pansy could clearly remember the summer she became infatuated. She, Daphne, Luna and Ginny were having a sleepover and celebrating Ginny's ninth birthday in a canvas tent that had been pitched permanently in the back garden of the Burrow. Pansy and the girls had been sleeping in the tent for nearly five day before the boy's crashed their adventure. A misting of light summer rain was rolling off of the canvas ceiling above the four friends but none of them paid it any attention. The four girls were wrapped in thick blankets as they crowded around a kid-safe jar of blue flames, giggling and whispering as Daphne held her watch in one hand and Ginny's in the other. The Weasley's had thrown a small party and many were staying somewhere around the property. The Malfoy's had pitched their own tent on the top of the hill behind the property and many were sleeping their hangovers off within Narcissa's tent. Sirius on the other hand was passed out in a small wooden boat tethered to the dock on the river. The children were all spending the night and the girls had said goodnight to the boys a few hours ago and climbed into their tent. The boys were sleeping in their own tent behind the garage. "Are they in time?" asked the redhead as she grinned. The four young witches were counting down the seconds until the hands struck midnight and Ginny could finally say she was nine years old, the reason they had had the get-together in the first place. "They're moving at the same time so I think so," whispered Luna as she wriggled about to get more comfortable. The tent, although enchanted to have a large living space had only one sleeping area and the four girls were sleeping under one massive duvet and several scattered throws despite it being the middle of August. "I can't wait to give you your present," laughed Pansy as Daphne began to count backwards from twenty and Ginny gripped Pansy's hand tightly. When Daphne reached fifteen, a loud snort could be heard outside and the four girls went deathly quiet. Luna's large eyes were as big as dinner plates as Daphne whimpered just as a loud rustle came from outside the canvas door. Ginny and Pansy, the two bravest little girls, stood up quietly, their fingers linked as they made their way to the zipped door. "Are you scared girls?" laughed a deep voice and Daphne shrieked as something hit the side of the tent. Pansy unzipped the tent flap they had been using as a front door and ran out into the night, followed quickly by Ginny. "Come out you monster," she shouted into the darkness that surrounded the garden. The younger witch had her hand outstretched as she walked around the tent, her eyes squinting as she strained to see in the dark, slipping occasionally in the mud. They could hear Sirius' loud snores from his boat and they relaxed knowing it was just their parents friends asleep around the property. "It's probably just the Twins," concluded Pansy from nearer the fence. She was looking out over the fields, up at the Malfoy tent and the river and a warm breeze brushed over her. She shivered in her pyjamas as the light rain soaked her through. "Come on, let's go back in, I'm getting wet." The two girls made their way back to the tent but a hand shot out of nowhere and grabbed Pansy's arm. The girl screamed and began to slap at the hand that was floating in midair without an arm or a body. "Harry James Potter! That's cheating!" "You can't use the cloak!" The laughter of the boys rang out as Ginny's fingers brushed over the silky material of Harry's invisibility cloak. She ripped it off and six snickering boys were revealed, huddled together as Pansy continued to hit Harry. The Boy Who Lived was laughing so much he went silent as he struggled to breathe. "Merlin that was funny," smiled Blaise as he pushed his way into the girls' tent. Daphne's protests were muffled as the rest of the boys followed besides Harry who was on the ground, tears pouring out of his eyes as Pansy continued her assault. "I am going to tell Sirius," she warned seriously before Harry dragged her to the ground, rubbing his muddy hands into her face. "Who do you think gave me the cloak?" he replied, dodging Pansy's handful of turf. Ginny bent down and ripped a wad of grass up from the lawn before she cried "turf war!" The rest of the children clambered out of the tent and joined in, grasping as handfuls of dirt and throwing it at each other. None of the laughing children noticed the lights turning on in the Burrow and Molly Weasley, her wand grasped in her hand, appearing at the back door. Percy was leaning out of his bedroom window telling them to be quiet whilst his older brothers leant out of theirs, whooping and hollering, still drunk from the party. "Go on Gin!" hiccoughed Charlie, his torso dangling from the top window as he cheered on his sister. "Get her Blaise!" countered Bill with a silly grin. "Theo, watch out!" somebody called but the brunette boy turning to a face full of mud. "I've got a few knuts on you Nev!" shouted Fred as he watched Neville Longbottom avoid Luna's aim because he slipped and fell on his backside. "I'm backing Harry, I mean look at his range," observed George just as Harry scooped up a massive pile of mud. He launched it over the garden at Pansy as she rubbed her hand in Draco's platinum hair. The mud went sailing across the starry sky, bits of mulch hitting numerous people before it made its descent. Harry cried in joy as half of it hit Pansy, but the cry caught in his throat as Mrs Weasley was plastered with the mud. The playing stopped immediately and Mrs Weasley wiped the mud out of her eyes. She cast a simple spell and the mud on her went pelting back towards the children, it breaking off into smaller pieces and chasing them down, the largest of which went all over Harry. "It is nearly one in the morning and I am outside telling you to be quiet but instead I get attacked." "Sorry Mrs Weasley," came the chorus as Ron and Ginny shared a look, knowing they were in deep trouble. "What's going on?" slurred Sirius who was dripping wet. "What happened to you?" laughed Lucius as he escorted his wife to the garden fence. "You look like a wet mutt," he smirked. "Fell in the river didn't I," Sirius replied, throwing a finger to the blonde man who slipped on a patch of mud. Molly couldn't help but laugh as Lucius fell to the floor in surprise. Narcissa gripped the fence as her husband sat in the mud but her giggle was unmistakable. Sirius was clutching his stomach as he laughed loudly, pointing in Lucius' direction as he wiped tears from his eyes. "Father!" called Draco who began to run to his father but he slipped and fell, his face landing in mud which amused his friends but the slope of the garden and the mist of rain meant he went sliding down the turf and into Sirius' knees. The wizard was knocked over and he winced as Fred and George began snickering from above, still hanging out of their bedroom window. "Do you think this is funny boys," called Narcissa as she waved her wand and the Twins were hit with mud. Charlie and Bill emerged from the kitchen with matching grins as they threw mud at their little brother. "Mud fight!" called Pansy and the adults froze for a second before Arthur Weasley came out of nowhere and threw mud at Angus Nott who had made his way to the garden, having been woken by the noise. The battle cry that had escaped Arthur's lips threw everyone into action. Before anyone could blink there was mud soaring through the air as the group laughed and shrieked. "Happy Birthday to me!" called Ginny in a sing-song voice as she grinned at her mother who was casting charms to a set of muddy rain boots which began to walk up Mrs Parkinson's nightgown. The society witch shrieked and sent the boots flying into the crowd. Her daughter was around the other side of the garden, her hair dripping as she ran from Harry who had a large toad gripped between his hands. The girl was looking behind her and didn't see the pond she was running towards. Harry was on her heels as they went into the deep water, breaking the surface, laughing breathlessly. Pansy watched his hair plaster to his head as he pushed a lily pad out of the way and shook the water out of his eyes. "You have frogspawn in your hair," he grinned when she splashed him but the ear-to-ear smile Pansy could no longer hide indicated the start of her love for Harry Potter. 18th June 1991 It was the first week of their summer holiday and Pansy was already itching to be back with her friends. Hermione Granger, a Muggle born who had quickly cemented herself as the missing piece within their friendship group, was taking a portkey and