The more you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall in love with them ~Wasim Raja xXx You shoot me down, but I won't fall I am Titanium…. Charity groaned inwardly as the chorus of David Guetta's 'Titanium' began playing in her alarm. She hits the snooze button and gets out of bed, sighing because of another day in school. Getting up, she went to her bathroom, did her morning routine, changing into a beige-colored fitted long sleeved shirt, layered with a green polo, dark blue jeans, and her favorite pair of black converse. Walking to the black vanity mirror Emily bought for her when she was adopted, she placed her favorite plain black headband on her head. Looking at her reflection, she began to wonder who her real parents were, just like any morning she would look into the mirror. She had so many questions unanswered, and she wants answers. Who are my real parents? Why did they leave me? Don't they love me? Am I that despicable? Is it because I'm not pretty enough? She lingered at the last thought. She wouldn't really consider herself ugly, but then again she wasn't stunningly gorgeous. Charity didn't like basing people on their looks because that's being too judgmental. She tried not to think ill-manneredly at other people because she wants to see the best in people and keep their not admirable characteristics left in the dark. But she continued to gaze at the girl in front of her. Caramel-colored loose curls that fall until her mid back with natural blonde highlights, porcelain white skin, delicate eyebrows, big blue eyes, rosy cheeks, naturally cherry red, bow shaped lips. Her eyes fell to the star necklace around her neck as she grasped it with her thumb and index finger. It was the last memory she had of her parents. Though they were her least favorite people at the moment, she still held on that maybe someday she'll find them. But leave Sam and Emily, the couple that adopted her? Not a chance. She owed the engaged couple so much, she felt like her life was more than enough. Emily, like the mother hen she is, always said that she and Sam will love her forever no matter what happens, and she appreciated that. Even if she finds her parents, they weren't there when she needed them most, but Sam and Emily were. She wasn't comfortable calling them 'mom' and 'dad' but there are occasions that she calls them that. When that happens, they would grin from ear to ear and hug her so tight that she can't breathe and feel her arms. But nonetheless, the couple didn't force her to call them that. She got her backpack and went downstairs, hearing Jared and Paul talking with Sam. Charity always wondered why they were here all the time, not that she minded. They were great company, though Paul can be a bit of a bastard sometimes. Even so, they were like the protective brotherly duo she never had. Mess with Charity, and you turn into a punching bag for Paul and Jared, and Sam of course with a bit of wooden spoon whacking from Emily dearest. Ah, the perfect odd family for her. "Morning squirt," Sam greeted. She pouted at the nickname her adoptive father gave her. She wasn't that small for being 5'6 at the age of sixteen, but then again, Sam and the two baboons lounging on their couch – ehem, Paul and Jared – were at least 6 feet or more. They were all really buff and super warm as well, which is beneficial because they live in La Push – and it's very cold there, mind you – so they were her and Emily's personal heater. Convenient and eco-friendly, right? "Morning Sam," she said as she sat beside him on the dining table. Her phone suddenly vibrated in her pocket, making her jump. Sam raised an eyebrow at her as she took her phone and saw the name of the person who sent her a message. Jacob Black. She blushed furiously as she saw the name flashed on her screen and read his text, immediately replying after reading it a couple of times more. Hey, are you in school already? –Jake Nope, eating breakfast with Sam –Chari *Sigh* are you SURE you don't want to study in the rez? :( −Jake Jake, you're my best friend and I love you, but I really want to stay in Forks High and you know why –Chari I know, I know, you don't want to feel like you should just be isolated in the rez so you expanded your horizons and all that shizz -.- but the offer still stands, you know. Your dad probably wants you to stay in the rez but it's your choice anyway ;) aw, you love me! –Jake. Charity sighed as she saw the last statement of the message. You have no idea Jake, she thought but sent a different message. Thanks Jake :) see you later! :D –Chari Bye :) –Jake. She smiled and blushed. Emily, who just came out of the kitchen with a tray of freshly baked muffins, smiled at her as she knew who it was. "It's him, isn't it?" she teased. Sam scrunched his eyebrows in confusion. "Who's him? Charity Grace Uley, you better not tell me you already have a boyfriend!" he boomed. Charity smiled at her adoptive father and stood up, walking behind him and hugging him tight. "Don't worry, daddy dearest! That's not happening soon. It's just Jacob –" "The boy who farts rainbows and sunshine and makes your heart beat so fast and blush furiously," Emily said bluntly, cutting off her sentence. Charity smiled with a hint of pink on her cheeks, squealing like a fan girl and hugging her tight. Emily giggled and hugged her back after setting the tray of her famous blueberry muffins on the center of the table. Sam sighed. "I knew this day would come," he muttered. Emily rolled her eyes. "Come on, Sam. It's just a crush, not a relationship or a courting shish-kebab so don't go overprotective right now and stop pouting because it doesn't suit you," she scolded. Charity snickered and sat back on her chair beside Sam. Pouting and Sam wasn't a good combo at all, considering that the man had a serious face. When she first met the couple, she noticed Sam was really buff and serious looking, making her intimidated by him. But nonetheless, he can be a fun man sometimes. "Yeah Sam, it's not like – Jared! Paul! Stop wrestling inside the house!" Charity scolded and whacked them with her own wooden spoon, a joking present she got from her adoptive mother since she used to use Emily's wooden spoon. Charity loved the spoon so much since it has her name engraved on it, though she only used it for whacking Jared and Paul when they fool around the house so much that they almost break some furniture. Right now, they almost knocked the television down. "Sometimes, I wonder if you're really adopted because you love to spoon whack like Emily," Jared sighed. The two women held each other and smiled and shrugged. Charity looked at the clock and sighed. She had forty-five minutes before the bell rings and it takes at least half an hour to get there so she just takes a muffin, says goodbye to everyone and runs to her car, which is a blue Honda Ridgeline that Sam and Emily got for her when she first came here. She was happy, of course, but she didn't want them to spend so much on her. Nonetheless, she appreciated the gift and loved it, calling it 'her baby'. "Chari!" Emily called. She turned and saw her running with a jacket. "Stay safe in school," she said. Charity smiled and nodded, taking the jacket and hugging Emily. "Thanks mom. Love you," Emily beamed and hugged her tight. "Love you too sweetie. Now go before you're late," she said and waved her a goodbye as she sped off to Forks High School. xXx As Charity arrived in school, she parked beside a beat up truck that she recognized as Bella Swan's vehicle, Chief Swan's daughter. She got out of her truck and wore her jacket, hoisting her backpack to her shoulders and walking towards Bella. The latter gave her a small smile and approached her. "Hey," she greeted. Charity wouldn't consider themselves as super best friends and whatnot, but they were in a good relationship. She would probably consider her as her closest friend in school, but not outside of school premises. In that category, it's definitely Jacob, Quil and Embry. "Hey. So, how's your little relationship with Edweird Cullen?" Charity teased as her friend blushed and smiled. Bella is currently dating Edward, the adoptive son of Carlisle and Esme Cullen. "I'm meeting his parents this weekend. Do you think I should dress up or something? What if they don't like me?" Bella sighed. Charity gave her a small smile. "Oh, so you're in that stage, huh? Well, you came to the wrong person to ask those things because I am very inexperienced with that category since I have never really been in a relationship. But what I can assure you of is that you should just be yourself. One of the best decisions you could ever make is to be yourself, remember that," she said, giving her a friendly wink. Bella smiled and linked her arm with Charity's, something she rarely does. "What did I ever do to deserve a friend like you?" She sighed. Charity chuckled as she remembered Jessica, Mike and company. She liked Angela Weber because she wasn't a nosy and judgmental girl, unlike Jessica who did. And Mike... was plain annoying. There was nothing kind enough other than that. At one point, he had a huge crush on Bella then after Charity arrived in Forks High, bada bing bada boom, he is now following her like a lost puppy. "Well for starters, we both got crushed by some blond baby face... and here he comes now," Charity muttered as they arrived at their lockers – which were coincidentally beside each other – looking at Mike making his way to them. He stopped beside Charity, leaning on the locker beside hers. The lass raised an eyebrow at the blond, who was smirking and trying to look cool with his unsuccessful attempt to copy Edward Cullen's poof-y hairstyle with his hair gel, hairspray and other shish-kebab. "Hey Charity," he said coolly. Charity flashed him a half-hearted smile and nodded cautiously. "'Sup?" she said casually, taking and returning some books inside her locker. In school, she was known for having boyish attitudes at times, similar to Bella in a way, though Bella was still much clumsier that she is. "So, the dance is coming near and I was wondering if you would like to have the honor of being my date?" he said. Charity quickly tried to make up an excuse and rolled her eyes inwardly as she heard Bella snicker in the background. "Oh, uh, sorry Mike... I'm actually going to have a family dinner party with my relatives on that day. Sorry," she said. Mike's face fell, seeing that the two girls he would love to take to the prom, a.k.a. Bella and Charity, are away at the same day. Bella's excuse, on the other hand, is that she was going somewhere, but Charity didn't bother to ask what the place is. "Oh, well... it's okay. Uh, see you... around," he gave him the best million dollar smile she could muster and noticed a light shade of red painted upon his cheeks, waving a goodbye to him and linking her arm with Bella's again, rushing to their first period. "That was... I have no idea what to say," Bella bluntly said. Charity laughed and rolled her eyes playfully. "Sorry, my