Hey, friends! I'm so sorry it's been years since I made this story and haven't updated, but I'm back and I updated quite a handful of this chapter. I'll be posting the next chapter as soon as I possibly can, along with the other stories I have. Enjoy the edits! How can you simply be friends—or rather be with someone, when every time you look at them, you're thinking about how much more you really want? That one line that I told him the last time I saw his beautifully angelic face was one of the hardest things I had to do. I wanted him to look at me, but he never did. Well, he did… once. But that was of desperation. He was desperate of someone to love, but not willing to let go and replace the first woman he really loved. He kissed me, because being without her drove him insane. He thought I was her. But after his precious lover came back, he smothered her with kisses, hugs and loving words that could make any woman melt, words that I wanted him to tell me lovingly and sincerely. He forgave her on the spot. And from then on, they loved each other, never letting go of one another. For them, it was joyful and worth celebrating but for me, it was heartbreaking and worth leaving for, and I knew I had to get out of this hellhole. So I did. I left without notice, not that he would care. I swallowed all of my pride and ran back to my family, knowing that they wouldn't forgive me easily. But surprisingly, they did. They welcomed me with open arms, except my older brother. He continued to despise me for it by glaring at me and being unwelcoming, and I can't blame him for it. I ran away, for Pete's sake! I left everything—even my family for him, and I never wanted to do that again. So I changed myself and obeyed my parents. I copied my older sibling by not talking to him either because he wouldn't acknowledge my presence. I made things easier for him because knowing my brother when he's angry, he could explode into a giant fur ball. Literally. What do I mean by that? Well, I'm not really born in a normal family. My family consists of supernatural beings, to be specific, vampires and werewolves—well, shape-shifters. According to my mother and great grandmother's stories, my grandma, Bella Cullen, was human before and fell in love with my grandfather, Edward Cullen, who was already a vampire. Add some romance drama and dramatic oh-em-gee's then poof! They got married! Surprisingly, my dad—Jacob Black—was actually in love with my grandmother. He and my grandfather would get into arguments most of the time because they were... 'love rivals'. After that, grandma became pregnant with my mom and underwent so much pain because of it. Both my dad and grandfather hated my mother when she was still in her mother's stomach or... whatever you call it, but thankfully, Aunt Rose was there to guard grandma and Mama Esme was there to help her as well. Eventually, my grandfather began to love my mother when he was able to hear her thoughts while she was still inside grandma. According to dad, he could never hate anyone who loves my grandmother, that's why he didn't hate my dad. When the day that my grandmother was to give birth came, the pain from the labor was killing her so grandpa turned her to a vampire. My dad, hoping to kill my mom when she was born, 'imprinted' on my mom instead. It caused some... mishap between my grandparents and my dad because saying that my grandmother was pissed is a complete understatement. She was angry to the point that she accidentally broke the bones on Uncle Seth's shoulders, something she wanted to give my dad instead. But she learned to accept the fact that my mother and father were meant for each other. Since my mom was still young that time, my dad was a brother and a protector to my mom. Eventually, it grew to something more as my mother matured and they fell in love yada, yada, yada, then bada-bing-bada-boom, they got married and had me and my brother, Brian. With my grand uncles and grand aunts—Alice, Rosalie, Jasper and Emmett—they told us to call them aunt or uncle to make it easier for Brian and I instead of calling them "Grand Aunt Alice" or "Grand Uncle Jasper" because it was a mouthful. As I mentioned earlier, my dad imprinted on my mom and you might be thinking right now, 'what the hell is imprinting?' Well my dear friend, imprinting—according to my dad—is the involuntary action of a Quileute shape-shifter finding his or her soul-mate. At first, I thought that the two parties were forced upon each other, but then after some explaining—courtesy of my daddy dearest—imprinting just shows you, or rather points you to the direction of who you're destined to be with forever. It's romantic, yes, but I'd rather have my own way of writing my own fate, not some mystical mechanism pushing me to 'my soul-mate' or 'the man I'm destined to be with for eternity'. I learn from mistakes so I want to make as many mistakes as I can. And besides, considering the gene of over-protectiveness runs in the family—cough, everyone in my family is, cough—that destined dude would most definitely be dead before he even hugged me the first time. Anyway, let me give you some insiders on my family. My beautiful mom, Renesmee, is a hybrid—half human and half vampire. My dad, on the other hand, you might know him as Jacob Black. He is a shape-shifter, the alpha of his pack. My brother, Brian, is also a shape-shifter, with hints of vampirism in him. Me? I'm human. Weird, right? You're whole family consists of vampires and werewolves except you. I have no idea why I wasn't born either of those races, but it meant more normality for me which was good. Unfortunately, the 'more normality' part doesn't comfort me at all. Every single day, I always think of how... unsuitable I am to be in this family, that I'm the odd-one-out. Whenever I would go back inside my house, I would walk to the framed pictures near the front door and stare at each picture. Everyone would fit in, except me. All gorgeous, all gold eyes or brown eyes, and just one blue eyed. It was one of the reasons I disliked my eye color. Not hate, dislike. I was different, I was the only human, the only blue eyed one in the family, the only one different among them. Everyone around me was either golden eyed or brown eyed. Everyone in my extended family of full bred vampires were golden eyed, everyone in my nuclear family is brown eyed, except me. Everyone was supernatural, except me. My fanily members, excluding my brother, would console me on this especially when my grandfather would voice out to everyone when I was thinking about it, but it doesn't soothe my nerves at all! They may understand how it feels to be different from other people, but they most definitely don't understand how it hurts to be different from your own family. But let me tell you that it hurts. Truly, badly, deeply. Sigh. Onwards with a different topic, I wasn't really able to go to school actually. I'm home-schooled by my family, each member teaches Brian and I one subject. Uncle Jasper would teach us World History, grandma would teach us English, grandpa would teach us Music—well, more with me, Uncle Emmett would teach us Physical Ed—the subject Brian enjoys and participates in the most, and practically one of my weaknesses, great (sense the sarcasm?)—great grandpa would teach us Biology, great-grandma would teach us Art, Aunt Rosalie would teach us etiquette—I don't know why they thought of that, and Aunt Alice would… well, spoil us to death. Grandma thought it was a bit unhealthy to keep spoiling us with expensive stuff and I agree with her, but hey, there's nothing wrong with getting a bit of something-something for me, right? But of course, much to Aunt Alice and Aunt Rosalie's dismay, my clothing style consists of t-shirts, hoodies, worn out jeans, sneakers and messy ponytails… in short, comfortable clothing. Mother told me that it was most definitely a trait I got from my grandmother, Bella. She was always amused seeing Aunt Alice and Aunt Rosalie being frantic about my 'lack of appreciation for fashion'. Though much to my annoyance, both of my aunts tend to replace my wardrobe every two weeks but hey, I have a stash of comfy clothes in a small duffle bag—a secret between my mind reading grandpa and me. Right now, I was lying down, listening to Linkin Park's 'Numb' in full blast. I sighed, sitting up and pausing my iPod. I took off my headphones and placed them on the edge of my bed. Standing up, I went to my vanity mirror and took my brush. As I felt my brush untangle the several knots in my hair, I stared at my reflection. Everyone, and I mean everyone , in our family was gorgeous. The vampires in my family were gorgeous, even the shape-shifters were gorgeous. Me? I was average. My hair is curly and unusually bronze in color, with at least three locks of my hair dyed in red—to remind me of him , his ruby red eyes—and my eyes are blue that, according to my grandmother, I probably inherited from her mom, grandmother Renée—whom I haven't met yet. I was pale and generously freckled around my body, which, in all honestly, makes me feel extremely self conscious because it makes me feel like some spotty dog—not exactly the type of dog I'd like to be, which is way beyond the explosive fur ball dog I wished I was, but that's probably the closest I can get to be with the supernatural looks. I have delicate eyebrows framing my blue eyes, which are rimmed with long, dark and thick lashes, and my cheeks were naturally flushed pink. My lips were the color of seashells and my dimples show whenever I smile. In general, I was almost an exact replica of my mother, Renesmee, with the exemption of the eyes and the fact that my mom is a gorgeous woman, while I was a plain Jane. Not to mention, I have poor , poor eyesight, so I wear black, rectangular glasses to let me see better. I wasn't ugly, but I was nothing compared to my relatives. "Don't say that," my grandfather's voice startled me. His liquid gold eyes looked at me with worry and a hint of sternness. I was surprised, not hearing my door open, but then again, vampires could move with no sound, thus, their prey not knowing that they were about to catch them. "Oh, hello grandpa," I greeted him. He smiled and walked across my room with such grace of a vampire, sitting down on my bed. Their effortless gracefulness was something I was envious of. They were all agile, graceful, even a prima ballerina would covet their smoothness and gracefulness. "Breanne, you're beautiful just the way you are," he reminded me with his melodious voice. I chuckled darkly, facing my mirror once again. How cruel the world is. People always say that to others, that they are beautiful but really, that's just a way of butt-kissing someone. I never believed that "you're beautiful just the way you are" phrase because no matter how much you try to please everybody, not everyone will like you. Not everyone would say you're beautiful. They would judge you, compare you, badmouth you, be plain bitchy and such a bastard. What a cruel, cruel, cruel world I'm in. Grandpa sighed as he heard the thoughts ringing in my