Severus was in a fucking shit mood. Firstly, he had screamer of a headache. Secondly, his least favourite student had almost murdered his second least favourite student in a girls bathroom. Thirdly, Albus was being his usual mysterious and irritating self. He reread the note. Severus. Please come to my office at your earliest convenience. I have a task for you. -Albus What a load of bollocks. It was never convenient. He strode along the corridors, glaring at any student that looked his direction, sending a group of tiny first years scurrying away with a scream. Miserable cretins. "Ice mice." The gargoyle opened and he took the steps two at a time. "Severus." Albus looked awful. He was a fraction of his former self, pale, thin and frail looking. Severus half thought a gust of wind might blow him over, the bothersome fool. "Yes." He snapped. "I have discovered a dreadful truth." Albus closed his eyes for a moment, as if even speaking was difficult. It likely was. "Voldemort has been using horcruxes." Severus' hands tightened into fist. What the bloody hell was he expected to do about it? "This I have known for some time. It is abominable, but still possible to negate." Horrific. "Unfortunately, it has come to my attention that he has created a horcrux that we cannot destroy. Harry… Harry's scar contains a part of Voldemort's soul." And so came the full circle. Hating Potter with every inch of himself, yet saving him for that glimpse of Lily's eyes, and now once more loathing the boy, even more than he thought possible. "Do you want me to kill him? Because I will do that happily." Severus snarled. Albus sighed, and pushed a small wooden box toward him, using his undamaged hand. "I do not truly believe that." Insufferable git. He refused to contemplate whether he might be right. Severus took the box, and opened it. A device not unlike a time turner sat there. "This will take you back to your past, where your current mind will live in your past body." Albus pinned him with a piercing gaze, and Severus felt like every inch of his soul was being inspected, and found sorely lacking. "You will change the past. I will tell you what I know of the horcruxes, and you will destroy them, and Lord Voldemort, before he can murder the Potters." Severus closed his eyes, and took several ragged breaths. Save Lily. It was all he had ever dreamed of, everything he'd ever wanted, yet to be forced to live through the war again… "It's not possible." He said. How cruel to throw such a temptation in his face. "It is. The device in that box was invented for this very reason: if it came to such a point that we should have to alter history immeasurably." He wanted to smash the box, and the device with it. He wanted to treasure it, to don it now, and never let it go. "Sometimes, I think that I exchanged one master for another." He rasped, just to see the pain on Albus' face. They both fell silent as Severus considered the offer. "Will you do it?" Albus asked, and Severus hated him for asking, hated him so much it consumed him. How could he not? "I will." He said. When Severus opened his eyes, the Slytherin dorms stared back at him. He rose, showered, and inspected himself in the mirror. The start of seventh year, just before he swore allegiance to the Dark Lord. Now he never would. His arm was unmarred by a gruesome tattoo, his skin pale and scarred only by himself. "Staring at yourself won't make you any prettier." Someone jeered, McNair perhaps. At seventeen he would have been tempted to hex him. Now frankly he couldn't care less. "You would know." He retorted, before dressing and searching through his items. He had everything, and nothing. Once again he was a pauper. This had been the most horrific few years of his life. Now he swore it was going to be different. He fixed and cleaned his robes, donned them, grabbed his bag and schedule, and went to breakfast. Lily was there. Oh lord she was beautiful. But beautiful in the way one might stare in awe at a cascading waterfall, or a vibrant sunset, or sparkling stars at night. Unlike the beliefs of many, he was not sexually attracted to her. He was a homosexual, yet another failing in the eyes of his father. In truth, she had been the only true friend and confident he had ever had. "Alright Snivillus." Black snarled as he barged past, Potter following behind. Severus sucked in a breath, and suppressed his pride. "Potter." He called. Potter turned, a look of disdain upon his face. "May I have a word with you?" "So you can hex him all alone?" Black sniped. "I give my word I only wish to speak to you." He said, ignoring Black. Potter dismissed his friend. "Alright, I suppose." He said suspiciously. Severus led him aside, and cast a muffling charm. "I wish to propose a truce." Potter raised an eyebrow. "Bollocks." Severus clenched his fists, and released them. Potter was just a child he reasoned, the same as Pettigrew, the same as every student in this damn school. If he could deal with spoilt Draco Malfoy, and the bothersome Weasley twins, hell, if he could survive spying on Voldemort for fifteen years, he could survive this. Frankly, given his years of experience and practised twitchiness, if Potter or Black attempted to hex him now they would be in for a nasty surprise. He realised, with a shock, that he had no interest in harming them. He was a bastard, but he wasn't a sadistic one. "I wish to obtain my NEWTs, and get a Mastery in Potions, and live a quiet life by myself, with no outside interferences. It would be beneficial for the both of us to avoid conflict." Potter tilted his head to the side, obviously considering his words. "For you, perhaps." Severus narrowed his eyes. The arrogant fool. What had he been saying about not wanting to hex the little shit? He pursed his lips. "I know that my friendship with Lily has gone sour, however I can tell you that your relationship with her will never flourish unless you can demonstrate that you are more than an 'arrogant toerag'." He took a calming breath as Potter flushed, enraged. "Before you accuse me of wanting her for myself I can assure you that I am completely uninterested in that aspect of our relationship." Potter sneered. "Unlikely." Severus growled. "I am gay you blithering imbecile." Potter blinked, his mouth forming a perfect 'o'. Severus cursed himself for speaking. Perhaps he had been overly optimistic in thinking this could work. Still, tactically, Potter believing him to not be a threat could help. "Even so, how do you expect this to work when all your little Death Eater friends are going around attacking people?" Severus saw red. He saw Dolohov cursing Hermione Granger, he saw McNair killing 'mudblood' children, he saw Mulciber raping muggle women, he saw Lucius crucioing families. "Friends!" He hissed. "They are not my friends. No, they are cockroaches, disgusting creatures that I must associate with for appearance's sake. How am I expected survive this hell hole if I alienate every living creature within it? No other house would ever talk to a Slytherin, especially one deemed as vile as myself, and I have to sleep in the same room as those miserable excuses for human beings. They fucking revolt me, each and everyone one of them, but I cannot reject them for fear of being murdered in my sleep, you ignorant imbecilic oaf." Potter stared at him. Fuck, he'd let his temper get the better of him. He huffed. "I am sorry. I hoped we could overcome this. Obviously I was mistaken." He turned, wary of an incoming hex. "Wait." He swivelled back. Potter crossed his arms, and was biting his lip. "You're different. You'll have your truce, if you really have changed." Severus nodded at him. "And Black?" Potter grimaced. "I'll try to persuade him…" "That is all I can ask for. Good day." He walked away. As he ate breakfast he could see Black's incredulous face as Potter informed him of their truce. He could also see Lily pretending not to eavesdrop as she snuck glances at Potter. How had he not seen the nuances in their behaviour before? It seemed so obvious, but that was the bane of a deep cover spy. Lupin joined them, and as he was informed he glanced over. He almost looking approving, to Severus' irritation. In this time Black had yet to pull the cruel trick of sending him down to the Shrieking Shack on a full moon to discover Lupin's true nature. It was a precious piece of information, one that he would wield with care, that and his knowledge of their animagus abilities. Pettigrew joined them, fat and ugly and utterly loathsome. Severus resisted hexing him to pieces where he stood, but only just. In this life, he would never have the opportunity to betray Lily and James Potter. Severus would make sure of that. Classes were a breeze. Thank fucking god. He had no time nor tolerance to waste it relearning the syllabus. He spend the majority of his time split between two endeavours. Firstly he brewed a sufficient amount of sample potions, and sent them off to St Mungo's, Hogwart's and many other institutions with the request that they test them, and if they deemed them an acceptable improvement to their originals, purchase more from him. He refused to live in poverty. Secondly, he attempted to research horcruxes, and historical items that may have interested Tom Riddle enough that he would use them to store parts of his soul. Albus had suggested that he find Slytherin's Locket, the diary, the ring, and an item of Ravenclaw's and an item of Hufflepuff's. Both Harry Potter's scar and the snake had not yet been created. After much research he decided that Hufflepuff's cup, and Ravenclaw's diadem were the items most likely selected. Presumably the diary was in Lucius' house, and the ring in the Gaunt shack. He had been given the remote location of the locket, which left the cup and diadem to be found. Of course, he had to destroy them, and Albus had very little suggestions for that, other than 'slaughter the basilisk with Gryffindor's sword, and use that'. Thanks for nothing, you insufferable fool. He had hoped, naively, he could do this without assistance, could avoid Dumbledore's painful gaze. Of course not. So now, the question was: how much should he tell him? He needed Albus to trust him, but he refused to tell this Albus the entire truth. A difficult situation. Severus was only glad he'd retained his magical abilities, including his impenetrable occlumency barriers, when travelling through time. He'd worried that he'd have to relearn the skills. Another pressing matter was that there was a fucking basilisk living under the school. In the end that was what decided it for him. He paced before Albus' office, muttering the name of sweets in the hope that it would open. Eventually it did, although whether it was the password, or that Albus had noticed his presence, he did not know. "Ah, Mr Snape. How may I help you? Lemon drop?" Albus offered. Severus drew a breath, and attempted to appear as if he were nothing more than a moody, troubled teenager. "Hello Professor." He stared at the ground. God this was shit. "I am expected to join the Dark Lord, along with my Slytherin cohort." How he loathed them. "I see." Albus looked good, if shrewd. He looked alive, and Severus felt strangely glad. "The Dark Lord is raving lunatic with far too much charisma and power than is safe." Severus said.