Hey there! First off, let me start by thanking you for giving this a chance. I'll try to keep posting regularly, I prefer to keep my chapters long though (longer than the first chapter, at least!) so it's not going to be a daily thing. This story started when I realised that the other stuff I was working on was so serious and depressing, that I had to do something light and fun! Surprisingly, this took up a lot of my time and attention. So, I hope you enjoy and know that there is plenty more to come. Thanks! For those of you interested in learning more about this fic and anything else I could be working on, please follow my Tumblr dedicated to my writing under the same user, MozzarellaMermaid I'll post deleted scenes, you can find out where I'm at with the current chapter, likeness pics for real life Kali and current Bella, I may do polls, post some of my own story art and of course answer any questions. Go follow if you want to keep updated and learn more about CT! Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight and make nothing from writing this. Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer. Chapter One I don't think ridiculous covered my current situation. Pulling at my ghostly pale cheeks in the mirror, I opened my mouth and inspected my teeth, tugged my hair and finally attempted to do the running man. Almost immediately I fell in a tumble of awkward limbs. Slowly righting myself, I stood back in front of the mirror and studied my frown. "You're not me." I accused my reflection and watched the unfamiliar face mimic my words. I cringed and turned away from the mirror, enough reflecting. Snorting at my bad pun, I began searching the room for, well, I have no idea what but anything helpful would do. You might be mistaken to think that I was taking this new body thing really well, but I used to do a lot of dumb shit when I was younger and I had learned long ago to smother panic, panic gets you in trouble. Panic when you're trying to help someone and they could get hurt, panic when you should run and you could get caught. It was such a useless emotion. However when I saw the smoking dresser, I felt a twinge of panic that made me freeze. It was only incense, but it was my incense. As in, mine. From my room, in my home. On my planet. I checked the box on the dresser just to be sure, yeah it was definitely the weird incense that a friend had given me. She said it was calming and would help soothe tensions. Thinking back that's the last thing I remember before I woke up all... brunette . I had sat down on the floor lit a bunch of incense and tried some of those weird breathing exercises I had been recommended, then nothing and BAM! I'm a skinny little waif, two cup sizes smaller and with some mermaid length hair to boot. Last I checked I was a grown ass woman of 25, I rocked a red bob and I actually had a body. How old was this chick? Going by height and tits I'd say 15, but I was never good at guessing ages. Sighing, I grabbed the lit incense and dumped it in the glass of water on the bedside table. I watched the ash swirl around and relished in the small sizzle. Today was just weird and the more I thought about it, it exhausted me. I threw myself face first on the neatly made bed and groaned into the pillows as I started to drift off. Maybe when I woke up everything would be the way it was supposed to be? "Fuck it..." "Bella, love, I'm back." I groaned and swatted the hand stroking my hair, away. "N'touchin..." I grumbled as I rolled over and away from the irritating asshole that was trying to wake me. How dare he!? Does he not know who I am? I am Sleepy, and he can hop it. "Enough sleeping, you told me to wake you up when I got back. Wake up, Bella." He demanded in a harsh tone, I sat up and gave this kid a murderous stare, making him flinch back far faster than I expected. "Bitch I will hit you, I am sleeping! Back off!" I took in the gorgeous man in front of me and tried not to let my jaw drop. Then it all came back to me that this wasn't my world, my home or my body. I snapped my mouth shut before I said anything else stupid and watched in fascination as this guy's face morphed into an disapproving frown. "That language is atrocious, Bella. I won't stick around if you proceed to talk to me like that." He made for the window and slid it open, swinging his legs outside I reached for him in shock and grabbed his shirt. "No! Jesus, what are you doing?! Don't jump out the window, you could break your leg! Use the door like a sane person, are you crazy dude?!" He gaped at me like some starving fish. I hesitated and let go of him, he swung his legs back inside and quickly invaded my personal space, backing me into the wall. "Wha-" He interrupted me by burying his face in my neck and sniffing my skin. It honestly caught me off guard and I tried to shove him away from me. "Get off!" I pushed hard and watched my wrists bend back unnaturally far and felt the sudden pain spread down my arms. Clutching them to my chest I hunched forward and bit my lip as I made a guttural noise of pain. "Fffffffffuuuck!" I wailed and fell to my knees. "Oh my god, Bella! What were you thinking?" I glared at him and harshly shrugged off the hand he placed on my shoulder. "Don't touch me!" I yelled at him, enraged that I'd possibly sprained my wrists on his literal rock hard chest. He stood freakishly still and stared at me in confusion. I had realised that this is someone that "Bella" knew, but I was never very with it when I woke up and I had a pretty nasty temper when my precious sleep was interrupted. I had no time to find out about who I was let alone who he was, though I probably shouldn't have fallen asleep but can you blame me? Today was just draining. "Bella...what's going on? You aren't acting like yourself." He stated in this depressed voice that struck some caring chord inside of me. Whoever this guy was, it wasn't his fault that this had happened...at least I didn't think it was. I have a sneaking suspicion it was mine somehow anyway. I had no idea how to play this, do I admit the truth? Do I play it off like I was sleep talking/yelling? Working faster than I thought my mind could, I thought the options I had out and tried to pick the best one. I couldn't tell him the truth, he'll think I'm crazy and I don't know how long I'm stuck like this. I am NOT ending up in a loony bin. I'm pretty sure he wouldn't buy sleep walking and even if he did I had no idea what his name was so it's not like I could suddenly "wake up". That left me with one choice. "I can't remember anything." I finally blurted, I tried to look a little upset but I didn't know what to say to convince him of my half truth. "...Come again, love?" The pretty boy whispered as his eyes bulged. In the dim glow of the lamp I finally saw they were an unusual golden colour. I just dismissed them for now, but I kept catching myself staring at them. It was like there was a niggling voice in the back of my head repeating the words I was looking for so very quietly that I couldn't hear them, I just knew I was missing something obvious. "I, uh, I have no idea who you are? Pretty sure my name's Bella, now." I trailed off uselessly staring at him in confusion. "Sorry, who are you?" I asked him earnestly. Faster than my eyes could follow or my mind could even comprehend, he had grabbed me by the shoulders and was practically vibrating me with how fast he was shaking me. "No, Bella, stop pretending! This isn't funny!" I winced at the harsh reminder of the pain in my wrists and twisted away from him to the opposite side of the room. "I don't know who the fuck you are, or who I am to you, but if you grab me like that again, I swear to god I will throw you out that window you're so eager to jump out of!" He looked at me like I'd grown another head and made steps towards me again. "Bella, love..." I hopped over the bed and ignored the bruising pain of my back slamming into my wardrobe in my haste to put some distance between us. "For the last time dude, BACK OFF!" My eyes darted around the room for a weapon and I spotted a long umbrella next to the door, only a few feet away. It wasn't much but it'd do. I made a dash for it but before I even finished reaching for it he grabbed it out of my hands and had it neatly propped against a chair in the far corner. "What the fuck...?" I whispered to him in awe. He had been fast earlier, but that should have been impossible. He watched my expression carefully and appeared to stop breathing. I watched him with worry, this guy was way too grabby for my tastes could he not see how frightened he was making me? Yet he just kept coming. Again he made a grab for me and I tried to twist away from him once more without success. His freakishly strong hands were icy cold on my bare collarbone as they held me steady and forced me to keep still. "What's going on Bella? I don't understand what you're doing? Is this some sort of game?" His voice was panicked and demanding I narrowed my gaze and batted his arm away with a wince. "For the last time; I. Don't. Remember. Shit! I don't know who you are, I just learned my name from you, and I have no idea where we are. Do you get the picture kid? To me, you're a stranger so I don't care how snippy you are, stop fucking grabbing me!" He finally got the hint and backed away from me. I let out a sigh of relief that I didn't know I had been holding in and took more steps away from him, I didn't trust this guy to not just lunge at me again. "I don't understand...what happened?" He asked tentatively those pretty eyes sparkling with unshed tears. I felt a little bad for him but I was getting the raw end of the deal here, so someone didn't know him? I didn't know myself. "I don't know, I woke up on the floor and I couldn't remember anything about the girl in the mirror." Technically I hadn't lied and half truth's were a favourite of mine. "How is that possible...? Did you hit your head?" He reached out towards my head and I pressed myself up against the door and ignored the tenderness of my wrist, as my hand fumbled for the knob. Thankfully he took the hint and stopped moving towards me and suddenly he was across the room again. "How are you doing that?" I whispered in confusion. Taking a tentative step forward he looked a little lost for words and looked ashamed for some reason.