Reyna Ramirez-Arellano died first. It was...hard. Harder than Thalia had expected it to be; she barely knew the girl, after all-still a girl, because she died young, far younger than she should've. Nineteen years old, and she sacrificed her life to hold the borders of the camp for the two terrified new guards who panicked when the pack of hydras arrived, fending them off without a shield, in pajamas-by the time the mustered legion arrived, she was poisoned beyond saving. No matter how many medics tried. She died a hero's death-the greatest praetor the legion had ever known. And a warrior until the end. And maybe, as terrible as that sounds, that made it easier for Thalia. She mourned for weeks, and the girl was always in the back of her mind, right alongside Silena and Phoebe and Michael Yew and Bianca and Luke-oh gods, Luke-and all of the countless others that she'd seen die, and when she did cry the grief was sharp and jagged and overwhelming for that beautiful, ferocious girl who'd held her at knifepoint and threatened her to try and find her friends...but eventually, she had to stop crying. And she had to move on. And she did. Because seeing someone die in combat-well, a Hunter was used to that. Forget a hunter, even-that was something that every demigod knew. And one of the things that you learned was how to go on. And so she did. Nico di Angelo went next-eighteen years old, just growing into his shy smile and his aviator jacket. There one day, and gone the next morning, and that was hard. Just as hard as she'd tried not to know that it would be... The quiet boy, younger-and then abruptly older-than her, who'd come up to her with his hollow eyes after the war and asked her how well she'd known his sister, who sat down to try and understand why his sister left him behind, and ended up crying into Thalia's shoulder, asking her to be his sister. Her little brother...the boy who'd told her his secrets and dared to blush about his boyfriend in front of her. The boy who'd started the "We're-Not-Goth" club with her. Who accidentally temporarily cursed her with the fury of hell when she convinced him to let her do his makeup and conspired with the Aphrodite cabin to make it semi-permanent. The boy who she'd been in the middle of a pun war with-and she'd just thought of the perfect corn pun, running through some wood in Colorado with her Hunters, when the scouts came running to tell her that there was a body... When she was the one who had to kneel down next to the corpse with its lower half gone and face torn to ribbons and look at the skull ring on the hand clawing into the ground and the tattered aviator jacket and the curly black hair in the puddle of blood, and realize who it was. And she threw up, and she had nightmares about it for months, even though he appeared as a silver shadow in the torrent of campfire smoke that night and told her that he was glad it was her who found him. And her grief was almost overwhelming, and for one night she ran away and let the lightning crackle out of her and the sky pull every last bit of grief out of her until she was numb and fading away, and for a moment she thought she was dying, and was glad. But death was a part of a demigod's life-there was a monster that caught up with all of them eventually, and you had to accept that, and keep moving. And so she did. And then Leo Valdez died, and that, too was harder than she'd thought it would be-that stupidly intelligent, scatterbrained son of Hephaestus, who was just shy of thirty-six, the slightest feather of wrinkles around his eyes, who would tell stories whenever they were together about how he used to be madly in love with her until he found someone even more out of his league, (and wink at his wife), and who until the day he died rivaled Percy Jackson for immaturity and never did learn how to make coffee. Leo Valdez, who was visiting a cousin in Miami when some fucking racist with a gun shot and killed him because he was Latino and yelled some Spanish curse word at the man when he almost hit him with a car. And that was hard, far harder than it should've been, and Thalia had to be the one to pin Jason to a Ping-pong table because she was immune to the lightning crackling over his skin, even though she was crying at how stupid the human race was too, even though she wanted to go out and find the man and kill him just as badly as her brother, while Hazel Levesque stood there with Frank Zhang's arms wrapped around her and tears in her eyes and tried to calm him down, and she was desolate and furious and no good to anyone for months. But eventually, she had to pull herself together, and she had to keep going. And so she did. And then the Titan-goddess, (who everyone but Leo seemed to know was just letting herself age alongside him), who Leo'd married just seven years before he died-after a decade of Percy Jackson pulling Thalia into arguments trying to persuade him to go get her back since they'd both had plenty of time apart to see the world-decided that she'd lived long enough and didn't want to live any longer without the only one who'd ever loved her. And so two months after Leo died, the goddess let herself fade, and Thalia had never really had a conversation with her, but it was still terrifying, and shocking, and the world felt like it was changing much too fast. But she kept going. And then Clarisse la Rue was forty years old and her heart stopped beating for some reason that no one bothered to explain to Thalia-and she didn't really ever know Clarisse too well, or like her very much-she was just a great warrior, and Thalia respected that-but it still ached somewhere inside her, because it was just...strange. When she had been at Camp Half-Blood, and when she had visited later, once she was a Hunter, Clarisse was the survivor. The annoying, swaggering cousin who you still counted on to be around something like forever-because you could see her as one of those seventy-year-old women who went to gyms and scared little kids because that wasn't what a grandma was supposed to look like, and she was so tough you got the idea that she was going to outlive you even if you were a Hunter. And then she was just gone, and the world felt a little more surreal, and that was when it really hit Thalia that she was still not-quite sixteen, and her world was aging away and changing without her. But you had to keep going. And she did. And then Grover Underwood was however old a late-teenaged satyr is, and a hellhound got ahold of him at a park in North Carolina, and she didn't find out about it until she visited Annabeth two months later at her little apartment in New York and the woman with her hair starting to streak to the same color as her eyes told her about it with the sympathy of a teacher explaining to a class that someone in the school had died. And that shook her more than she had known it would-because Grover was her guarantee. He was her lifeline, another immortal sibling along for the ride. The one she wasn't expecting to have to say goodbye to. And then she did, and it almost broke her, but she didn't let it. She kept going. And then Will Solace was forty-one, and he was at Camp Half-Blood teaching children of Apollo how to be medics, and Thalia was the first one there when the Big House collapsed-as everyone, watching it sway ominously for years by then, had said it would. She was the one who found them, in the tiny cave nowhere near sheltered enough by the beams that had fallen into a stack that somehow had balanced without killing them, who he turned to and smiled, the color already bleached from his skin by the sunlight flooding from his hands and healing so many children on death's doorstep-whispered that he'd tell her little brother hello for her and then slumped over in a glorious blood-red sunset in miniature inside the ruin. And it was painful how beautiful his death was, and Thalia cried herself to sleep at night for almost a week over this man who she'd barely known, but eventually she locked him away in that deepest part of her heart and had to move on again. And she did. And then Hazel Levesque was forty-seven years old when she fell from the back of a rearing horse on a ranch in Arizona and never opened her eyes again. Nico's real sister-who'd nonetheless called Thalia sister for years with a smile in the gold eyes that sent shivers down Thalia's back for years. (Years, while everyone who'd fought in those same wars as Thalia was still too young to be her parents.) Hazel Levesque, who she'd been visiting on the thirtieth anniversary of their little brother's death two nights before she went out on that last ride, whose dark skin was still unwrinkled except for the faintest possible lines around her eyes when she smiled and whose gold eyes were still just as piercing. And Thalia was there, uncomfortable by Percy Jackson's invitation, at the funeral when they cremated her, and the wood that lit the pyre was a tiny nub of driftwood that her tall, silver-haired Asian husband laid down on top of the stacked wood and somehow lit without anyone seeing how. And then he sat down as his wife curled up in smoke into the silver night sky and closed his eyes and she wasn't sure when she realized that he was gone too, but it was such a shock that she cried, again, even though she'd never really known him. And it ached in the hollow just below her collarbone for weeks, and she was shocked and confused... But she kept going. And then the Oracle of Delphi, Rachel Elizabeth Dare-who Thalia would never admit to having somewhat fallen in love with when she was younger-was fifty-nine years old. And her red hair was faded to gray-streaked auburn, cropped to short curls around her ears and the fine web of wrinkles on her face in the smiling picture on the front page of the newspaper and all of the articles talking about the murder of the woman who had dissolved Dare Enterprises and donated half the benefits to art programs and the other half to the creation of natural parks. And it was almost nauseating, to run the monster that had found her to ground-a snarling empousa who had taken two Hunters the same way as the woman before they sent her back to Tartarus-to think that she'd torn the woman apart, and none of them had known before the mortals did... And the anger and the grief was almost overwhelming, almost enough to make her want to torture the monster instead of ending her quickly, and she was sick like she hadn't been since Nico di Angelo died, and she almost just wanted it to be over, but she knew enough to keep going by this point. And so she did. Her brother's wife, Piper McLean, was sixty-two years old when the disease set in. And Thalia sat with Jason in a million hospital waiting rooms that were all the same one in the end, holding the hand of this silver-haired man who