Disclaimer: I don't own the Harry Potter universe, I am borrowing it to satisfy my own ends (which are not financial). Just as a warning and apology to everyone as keen on sticking to canon as I am, I have moved Dumbledore's defeat of Grindlewald a year early. "There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it." - Some idiot who enjoyed internal rhyme. . September 19th, 1999. Evening. The war was over, and the world (or at least, the 'world' as the Weasley family might perceive it) was almost entirely rebuilt. It hadn't taken long. The castle was fully repaired in order to open as usual on the first of September; Diagon Alley was soon back to something like its usual bustling state of business as usual. Even the suspicion and fear had begun to melt away - people's memories were short after all. And so, on one day, a year and three months after what had become known as the Battle of Hogwarts, there was no apparent reason not to be wholeheartedly celebrating. Hermione Granger, just turned twenty, sat at The Burrow surrounded by redheads and friends as she opened her presents without the overhanging fear that had been constant for years. Harry Potter's scar hadn't burned for a year and three months: all was well. Indeed, it had been so quiet that it almost came as a relief when something out of the ordinary happened and life, for Harry at least, resumed normality. Crisis returned. All was well, therefore, until Hermione Granger vanished from the sitting room of The Burrow in front of their very eyes without any warning, leaving crumpled blue tissue paper and a note where her feet had been seconds before. In the confusion and shouting that followed, Harry picked up the note that had been attached to the paper, more bemused than worried. Hermione, With my most sincere and deepest apologies - And love, AWPBD Time, we must remember, is anything - everything - but linear. Dumbledore! The Headmaster had been dead for over two years, but Harry didn't need the initialled signature to recognise his writing. He pushed back the immediate, errant hope that the great man might still be alive and reread the note. It made absolutely no sense. Where on earth had she gone? And love ? That in itself made the whole event even more bizarre - perhaps it was a prank or something? But no, it didn't seem like one really and well, that was the headmaster's writing. Ex-headmaster's. Had been. "What is it, Harry?" Ginny asked, and the buzzing panic and confusion quietened. "I don't understand," he replied, still staring down at the strange note. "It's, well, it's from Dumbledore. Did anyone see what the present was?" "It looked like a sort of globe to me," Arthur, who had had the most advantageous view, answered after a short pause. "With something in it, a house maybe? And er - snow maybe - and then it glowed softly and then she was just… you know. Gone." He sat down heavily on his chair, looking suddenly older than he had since the war had ended. "Where is she?" Ron asked, loudly. No doubt he would revert to yelling if Hermione's absence was not explained quickly, even though no one could possibly know the answer. Yes, normality had resumed. "I don't know, Ron. But I think there is someone we can ask at least." "Who? "Dumbledore's portrait." "Oh . I see. Hogwarts, then?" Ron seemed to cheer a little at the thought of having something proactive to do. "She'll probably be back soon anyway. It'll be alright if it's Dumbledore." "Hogwarts," Harry agreed heavily, not wanting to disagree with his friend's statement. It would be alright if were Dumbledore, but only eventually. It was reassuring to have crisis returning, but not in a positive way. He had been enjoying actually having the relatively quiet life he'd always wanted. . . They apparated from The Burrow to the Hogsmede and strode up to the castle. It was remarkably easy for Harry, being who he was, to get through almost any door, and after he had rung the great bell by the main gate a Professor neither he nor Ron knew came to let them in. "Mister Potter! Welcome, welcome, let me - ah there we go." The great gates swung open as the man continued, "Come in, and Mr Weasley too, what an honour it is, what an honour." "Is the Headmistress in her office?" Harry asked brusquely, still made awkward by the attention. "Not at present, but I will escort you up to her office. I am the new Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor, Mr. Potter. Hengist Flume. At your service." The man practically bowed . It was very uncomfortable. "Thank you, Professor Flume. Shall we…?" "Yes, yes of course, this way Si- er, this way please." Door to door from the Burrow, it was less than an hour until they were seated in McGonagall's office, although it did take a little longer to be rid of the slightly tiresome, repetitive new Professor. Perhaps the post was still cursed? "Hello Professor," Harry said to Dumbledore's portrait once he had gone. Dumbledore who had appeared to be quietly napping in his chair woke with a start that Harry was not entirely convinced by. "Hello dear boy, and hello there Mr Weasley. How very pleasant it is to see you both looking so well-fed. And how is the world faring?" he smiled mistily at them, eyes already beginning to close. "Um, it's fine Professor but -" "Hermione's gone missing!" Ron announced loudly before Harry could continue. "She's gone and it's all because of your present!" "Dear me, dear me. No need to shout, Mr Weasley. What is the date today? Can it be that time already? My, time has flown so quickly… it feels like only yesterday that she was here you know. Or perhaps it was only yesterday, although of course it has also been years. Time, my dear boys... time is a very strange thing you know. It moves with such speed when it wishes, and when it does not it drags along more slowly than one can bear. Miss Granger, gone already. Well, there we are. I daresay she will be back in time boys, you must not worry in the meantime. She is perfectly safe, or at least she is as safe as she might be anywhere else." "But WHERE IS SHE?" Ron roared. "Well, she may be in Hogwarts by now. I can't really tell for sure; time moves at such a different pace when it needs to you see, as I have already explained." Dumbledore closed his eyes again, and snored softly. "Here? In the castle? Now?" "Have you not been listening to anything, Mr Weasley? You won't find her here. Indeed you won't be able to find her at all. She has gone to do what she must, what she has always done." "I don't understand," Harry interjected before Ron could go off again. "Please, Professor, could you explain a little more, er, a little more clearly perhaps?" "Is it not obvious? I do apologise. The question you need to ask is not where is she, but when is she." The portrait looked rather pleased when this managed to silence the two boys as they slowly worked out what he was saying. The moment was soon over, however, and the other portraits began to wake up from their own afternoon snoozes as Ron began to yell. Very, very loudly. Dumbledore took a very quick nap and managed to wake up again before the end of the tirade. He did hope he hadn't given himself away. If only he still had his sherbet lemons to perk himself up… there was something that made one so drowsy when one sat in the warm office all day, and mustering the energy to visit his other portraits seemed less and less tempting when he could snooze here, in the room he had loved more than any other... When Ron finally sat down, head in hands, Harry took over once more. "So, let me get this straight, you're saying she's gone back in time? I don't understand. Will she change something? The war's over… just…why?" "Ah, Harry. I regret that the theories of time are not more widely studied. Surely you remember your own little dalliance with such things? Herm- ahem, Miss Granger has gone back because she always went back, if you wish to see it that way. I prefer to think that time is not linear, but a coiled rope. I do not believe anything will change. You must remember that she was always there dear boy. I remember her arrival well, such a brilliant, brave child. Still it is strange how one can forget things over the years… I had not quite forgotten her strange appearance, of course, how could I? Nonetheless, until her name appeared on the list of magical children, she had become someone quite different to me. It was hard not to take her away then, but I knew I hadn't before if you see what I mean. Now, time of course is nothing like a rope. You must remember that, Harry." "But, Sir, you just said it was." The moments in Harry's life when he had felt most truly limited intellectually had always seemed to occur in this office. "So I did, but it was a metaphor. Time is like a tapestry, or a rope, and yet of course it is nothing at all like either of this things. However, if it helps you to imagine it, we may say that Miss Granger has gone 'back' although of course, she may well have gone sideways or not physically gone very far... but I digress. Miss Granger as you now understand, will return here shortly - I do not know when she will, er return to your lives. However, time moves strangely, and I suppose you will be seeing her soon enough. You may find her quite changed, Harry and you must allow her to tell her story in her own time. It will not be easy, I think, and she may never be able to share it all with you. It has been an awfully long time, after all." "Please Professor, at least tell us when she's gone back to?" Ron asked, more reasonably than might be expected. He was sitting, head in hands, looking as though he wanted either to kill someone or to cry. "Well, if you're sure you wish to know? You may not like the answer and there is nothing you can do at present but wait for her to find you." "We're sure. Please?" Harry spoke this time, with as strong a need to know as Ron himself. "She has gone to arrive in my drawing room, at the end of July, Nineteen-Forty-Four." "1944? Why then?" "Because that is when she arrived, dear boy, all those years ago! Haven't you been listening at all? Now, if you will excuse me, it is time for my nap…" "But that's when -" But it was no use, the portrait was snoring gently and Harry knew that they were dismissed. He wanted to scream with frustration; he knew who was still alive and well in 1944, and he couldn't believe Dumbledore had sent Hermione back to such a dangerous time. . . . A little before Midnight, July 24th, 1944 Album Dumbledore was enjoying a quiet evening at home with a rather large Infernobrandy, listening to one of his favourite plays by the foremost Wizarding playwright of the day, Mungo Yllamastar, about research through time and the many and amusing misunderstandings made by those researching the past. He enjoyed the dry wit and intense intellectualism rather more than the juxtaposed love story. There was little room left in Albus Dumbledore's heart for