Introduction Okay, so I haven't explained this before, and the scribe from Camp was totally wrong. He wrote two whole series of books that explained our lives. But he replaced some major things. This is what really happened, from my eyes. Luke put the same thing in his diary, too, (prepare for the wet pages) but I want to do it in my own perspective. This is what really happened during my life, and Rick didn't (and should've) put it in the books, which we're translated into Ancient Greek for the dyslexic kids. Gods, don't let this fall into Percy's hands. I swear by the River Styx. So this is my story. With my thoughts. This is basically another version of the books, except it ends right at "The Last Olympian". One of my closest friends, technically my half sister in law, (Percy's young half sister) has sworn not to tell him anything and to just write a story from me explaining it to her, and put it online as a fanfiction. You mortals can't find us. But I assure you, this is real. Artemis both goes to Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter for some reason that I really can't explain, because she is located in California. Oh gods, don't even get me started on her name. It's too freaking cool. I wrote this intro down and the rest is all her. Don't you dare tell Percy or I'll slit your throat and put your remains in a jar of Greek fire. Peace! -A.C. Chapter 1 "Well, this is going to be our dinner for tonight," Luke said. He brought out little bags filled with microwavable army rations (Mmm... delicious) from his satchel and began to set up a fire. "Annabeth, Thalia, help yourselves. This is the best meal we've ever gotten." He was right. I was very lucky to meet them. Unfortunately, a family of mortals, especially my stepmother , (ugh) didn't understand the fear that a demigod has. So I ran away. Back to the story. Luke found two twigs, and with little effort, put one on top of the other and rubbed his hands together so friction could take over and start a flame. I took over, willingly. Both Thalia and Luke watched a flame spark right before their eyes, and I saw Luke partially blush. I had to admit, it was kind of cute, since I sort of had a crush on him. Before I ran away from home, I searched the Internet for major survival tips and watched some tutorial videos for survival. When Dad came home, he didn't take the hint, but who cares, anyway? Thalia took the longest sticks she could find and I sawed them to connect to make a spool. She dug two holes in the ground, stuck the two sticks in, and the longest one on top. Luckily for us, there was enough room for us to put our meals on. After two minutes, (thank the gods) the meals were ready to eat, and my taste buds were pleased enough. For me, it was like a Thanksgiving dinner. I mean, if you're on the run from monsters, there's no stopping at a house and eating a whole meal. We then done with our meals, but it was awfully quiet, which it usually is. But it was a little bit too quiet for us. I saw both of the looks of suspicion in their eyes, as if they were agreeing with me. Suddenly, there was a faint rustle in a nearby bush, and I took out my celestial bronze dagger, as Thalia pulled out a Mace canister, which was actually a spear with a celestial bronze tip, and Aegis, the Medusa Shield. And for Luke, well, he had a golf club. Not as fierce as I thought it would be, but it's good enough. A boy, maybe 9, wearing a winter coat, a white t-shirt, and denim jeans, popped out of the bush, and whispered something that I couldn't hear. Thalia and the boy looked somewhat similar. I could see some similarities between them, same punk style, etc. But it couldn't be. He's Asian, Thalia's not, unless Zeus took a body of a hot Asian guy, which should not have been seen as an image in my head. The guy's eyes reflected the sparks from the fire. "Who are you? Why are you sneaking up on us?" Thalia forcefully asked. "Come with me. You'll be safe from the monsters. And hurry. I have supplies and food," The boy responded. We stared at him and lowered our weapons. Luke and Thalia both looked at me with a look that said, Is he lying? I shook my head. As the daughter of Athena, you can tell if someone's lying or not. And I don't lie to my family. They knew that. "Well?" The boy said. "Don't just stand there, let's go!" He walked off into the dark alleyway and disappeared into oblivion. We all shrugged and walked in as well. It felt like a dream, while it was reality. A whole house was where we were in, and the color was just like Olympus. There were four doors lined up against the wall in front of us, and each had a letter on it. XA, XA, TL, TL. "Masterchef right here, guys. What do you want to eat?" Thalia, Luke, and I turned to our left to see what looked like the inside kitchen of a five-star restaurant, with a table connected to a frame with stools. "Sit!" With no hesitation, we sat down at the nicely polished marble table, and he put down empty plates, mugs, and utensils for each one of us, except himself. "Uh..." Luke managed to let out. "Are you going to make the food?" The boy smiled with such dignity that it showed glimpses of moonlight shining through the tall windows. "I already did. These are special plates that will give you the food that you desire with a command." Thirty seconds later we were a pack of wolves gorging down on our prey. I was eating my favorite pizza with extra olives (it's an Athena thing), and for the others, well, they finished in precisely a minute and forty-three seconds, which is not long enough to see what they were eating. (Don't ask me why I counted, I don't know) "So now that you guys are good to go, I've been thinking to help you," The boy said, coming out of the hallway. He carried eight rings, and I suggested it was for each of us. "Why?" I asked truthfully. "Why us and not others?" "You guys," He pointed at each of us. "Are the first to travel across the whole country on foot. So I'm going to help you the rest of the way." "How come you're helping us now ?" Luke asked. "You could've helped us before-" "You were fine before. But now you're in the East , things tend to get more dangerous," He replied. The boy sauntered over to the couch, put the rings down on a glass coffee table, and invited us over. Obliged with his kindness, I did so. "I know I should've introduced myself in the first place, but I will do so now. My name is Xavier." "Are you a god?" Thalia asked immediately, sitting up straight, and showing an expression she has never shown before. But I could see that she had a crush on Xavier, too. And by the Expression on Luke's face, Luke didn't like it. "A demigod, like us? Or simply a mortal that can see through the Mist?" She laid back down on the back of the sofa cushion, thinking that as devil spawn. "Neither, actually." " What did you say?" Luke sat upright, grabbing my knife from the sheath and prying it against Xavier's throat. "Luke!" Thalia and I both said at the same time. We both blushed. "We have a Titan on our hands, guys. Help me out here, Thalia." Luke ordered. Thalia held back from attacking. I knew she couldn't. And I couldn't have done it either. "Thalia?" Luke faced Thalia, then me. "Annabeth?" Luke gave a low growl and pressed the knife more into Xavier's throat. "You made them fall in love with you, didn't you? DIDN'T YOU?! " (Which was weird for Thalia, liking a guy that's 6 years younger than her.) Xavier didn't look like he was being harmed. He was staying quite calm, in fact. He didn't smile, he didn't frown. There was no expression on his face whatsoever. He spoke normally, too, even though their was much pressure put on his throat, but Luke didn't notice any of that. "Luke, please, stop!" I cried. No ichor, the blood of immortals, came down. And a blow that Luke took unexpectedly: "Luke Castellan, stop this instant. May wouldn't want her son to be a killer." Thalia and I looked at each other, then Xavier, then Luke. May Castellan... Luke's mental mother... "How dare you mention, her?" Luke shouted with anger and disgust. We visited her a while back, and she was crazy. May needed serious help, because she made so many PB and J sandwiches for Luke every single day, waiting for her son to come home. She tried to become the new Oracle Of Delphi, but she wasn't the one and it drove her mad, seeing her son's future. Which Luke said wasn't good. "I don't want to hear what you're going to say!" "Okay," Xavier replied. "Then chop me up to pieces." Luke hesitated. He raised the knife, and thrusted it down, and Thalia and I winced, shutting our eyes automatically. We didn't hear anything, just breathing. When both of us opened our eyes, Luke was sitting back down, hanging his head. I took the dagger from his hand and softly put it back in my sheath. Xavier stood up and put a hand on Luke's shoulder. "I'm not going to harm any of you, I'm going to help you. I swear by the River Styx." Luke looked up at the boy and nodded. If you swear by the River Styx, and break the oath, you get a curse worse than death. (Which some of you already know) Xavier took the rings from the coffee table and placed two down in our palms for each of us. "So," He began, putting on each ring on his ring fingers. "These rings are your protection. They are all armor with spikes that retract if needed. There are compartments to seal your weapons, and retract as well. Take this sword for example." Suddenly, a half silver and half celestial bronze sword appeared out of nowhere and was placed in Xavier's hand. All of us stared in awe. Luke was just staring at the sword. Typical, since he's always mourning for one. Xavier put his fists together like a puzzle, and what happened was that the rings were forming over Xavier's body, giving him sort of a Spartan kind of warrior armor made from celestial bronze. He put out his right forearm, which had a compartment sliding door. He slid the door open and carefully placed the sword inside. "This here is a sword which now has the ability to retract from the armor as pleased. Backbiter." The sword rushed out of the armor's sleeve, delivering a gleam of light. Once again, we were awestruck. "I know how much you need a sword, Luke, so here. Backbiter." The sword retracted, and Xavier removed the sword from its place and handed it to Luke. Gingerly, Luke took the sword, and suddenly, leather wrapped around the sword, with a cord for wearing, forming a sheath. Luke's eyes reflected pure joy, and he stood up and held his hand out. Gladly, Xavier took it firmly. "I'm sorry, dude," Luke promised. "I was just being cautious." "It's alright. The blade wouldn't have hurt me anyway." I suddenly realized something. This guy's name... He was