Disclaimer crap: Idon't own Éomer or any of the characters from Tolkins books. I'm just a fan of his work just writing a story for shits and giggles. I do own Jem and this story that I am writing. Thanks Oh yes, for those of you who are fans of Karl Urban who played Éomer in the movie. Yes I think he's a hottie and that's who I'm pretty much basing the character in looks. And for the last note: I am not fluent in Elvish. I apologize if my Elvish is not correct or even close. Its my own personal Elvish! So take it easy on me kay:) Chapter 1. Jem sensed it; Orcs were in the woodlands, it was the foul stench of Orc blood and tree essence (life/blood) that lingered. There was a battle that was fought not so long ago. The Ents fought back against the wretched creatures that carried axes. Watera, her pitch-black horse, seemed hesitant to continue into the wooded area. "You sense that as well my friend." Jem said softly as she patted his mane. She dismounted Watera, and then continued to look around. As she made her first step she heard a crunching sound. Jem looked down to see she was stepping on a severed arm that once belonged to an Orc. Her brown eyes widened and she took a step back and looked up at Watera, who knew she was uneasy about continuing on and nuzzled her shoulder with his head. "I'll be alright. I just think there is something really-" She was cut off as some kind of cloth went over her face and she breathed in some sort of sent that caused her to pass out. "Strip her of her weapons and pack. Make sure her hands are bound and have her horse come with us to Edoras." A soldier instructed. "I shall take her to Lord Éomer at once, she must be an Orc Spy of some sort." With that being said, the other soldiers did as they were instructed to do and they handed Jem to commanding soldier, while one soldier took Watera by the reigns and proceeded to head back to their leader. When Jem woke up she noticed her hands were bound behind her back with rope and she was being dragged underneath her arms to the castle. She began to struggle and growled at them, "Let me go!" "Oh, so your finally awake eh? You've been out for 2 hours!" One of the soldiers said looking down over his shoulder at her. "What is the meaning of this? Where Am I? Who are you people? This is no way to treat a lady!" She yelled. "Silence!" The other guard barked at her. "Lord Éomer, will see you now to tell you your fate." She noticed that she had been dragged into some sort of study area of some sorts. Many books sat on shelves and parchments and maps laid on top of the desk that was not to far away from her sight. "Lord whom?" Jem asked not catching the name the guard had mentioned. She wanted to know whom she was dealing with. She managed to get to her knees and heard footsteps coming closer to the room they were in. "A feisty one, is she?" A voice asked. Jem could hear footsteps. She could tell it was someone with authority by the tone in his voice. She hung her head and let her brownish-black hair fall causing it to curtain around her face down to her chest. The man put his hand under her chin and lifted her head to see who his men had captured. Her brown eyes showed a slight hit a fear as he stared at her, but she had courage and a fearless look about her. She blushed slightly as she looked into the eyes of her captor. He was tall, around 6'1" in height. He wore armor that had horses engraved into the chest plate and his shoulders were broad and straight. His beard and mustache made him look very grown up but she could tell he was still young, in his late 20's she assumed. His eyes that gazed down at her were a color green she had never seen before in her life. She noticed he wore his long blonde hair down with pieces of the sides pinned back into a small little ponytail. He was handsome and what captivated her the most was his strong presents and confidence. She liked a man who was sure of his nature and knew what he wanted. "Cut her bounds and leave us." He commanded in a steady and confident tone to his officers. "But my Lord-" One of the soldiers tried to insist that they stay but did as he was told when he saw that the man narrowed his eyes at him not to argue. The other officer cut her bounds and motioned with his head that they should leave before they would be in trouble. They left Jem kneeling on the floor and shut the door behind them as they left. Jem rubbed her wrists trying to get the soreness to leave and rose up to her feet. She realized that the man continued to stair at her and he approached her. She took two steps back and reached for her sword but realized that her belt that held her sword was gone. "A good try but they disarmed you. Now… who are you and what were you doing in Rohan territory?" He asked awaiting her answer. "I am Jem, a ranger from the north. I've been tracking a band of Orc's that attacked an Elvin village about a week ago. I did not realize that I had crossed over into Rohan territory. " She answered calmly. "My Lady, you ended up in Fangorn Forest. I can't imagine why you would ever take the chance!" He got close to her face and looked at her, and lowered his voice to nearly a whisper. "That forest is haunted. The White Wizard walks threw that forest. His mind is sharp and would not hesitate for a moment to-" "Are you done My Lord?" She interrupted him showing she cared little about what he had to say to her. He looked at her nearly speechless, no one had ever dared interrupted him before. Clearly she had no respect for him. "If you were a man, I'd strike you across the face for interrupting me." He growled at her. Jem glared at him, it was obvious this man had a serious temper. She hope she wouldn't have to match it, knowing very well she had quite a temper as well. "What do you want from me?" "You say you're a ranger; interesting, I didn't know that women could be rangers. I would like to make a proposal to you then." He said backing off a bit from her. He turned and walked over to a table near the window that had a bottle of Ale and poured a mug for him self. He brought the cup to his lips and took a taste. Such a fine thing Ale was, a true mans drink in his opinion. He then looked back over at her and continued. "Work for mankind, give your loyalty to Rohan and you shall be given food and shelter here at Edoras. I shall see to it that you are well cared for." Jem now felt her blood boil, surely this man must be joking. "I owe no loyalty to you nor to Rohan. In fact, I believe it was your men who kidnapped me! Swear my loyalty to a country that kidnaps innocent women, minding their own business?" She yelled insulted. "Are you completely mad? I give my loyalty to no one! Who are you to make such an offer like that?" "Who am I, my lady?" He asked slightly surprised. He raised his head a little higher at her proudly. "I am Éomer, son of Éomund; Nephew to Thèodan, the king of Rohan, and Third Lord Marshal of the Riddimark." He introduced himself. "My lady, Middle Earth as we know it is in extreme danger. Orcs run freely through out the lands and slip past our spies. We do not trust outsiders who have no alliance with us." "Éomer…" She said softly. She was taken back by whom she was face to face with. Jem had heard of Éomer, threw stories from travelers and such folk. He was known for his impressive fighting skills while remaining on horseback and his loyalty to his people. Also, known for his handsome looks by many women who had the pleasure of seeing him on their travels. "That is correct." He replied giving a slight bow of his head. His golden hair fell over his broad shoulders and she fought the urge to reach out and touch it. She had never seen such golden blond hair before. She noticed that he started to circle her slowly and scanned her with his commanding eyes. "Tell me Lady Jem, do you not have a family who would be concerned of your ware bouts? Éomer then asked stopping in front of her. "I have only a brother named Strider, who is also a Ranger. He knows I am capable of taking care of myself." She informed him. "Strider?" he asked caught off guard. "I have heard of your brother. His swordsmanship is to be some of the best in all Middle Earth. I did not realize he had a sister." "My brother is the best in all Middle Earth." She replied lifting her chin up in a smug fashion. Éomer looked at her and gave a slight chuckle, he liked her attitude because it nearly matched his own. He never met a woman so strong in personality before. This would be a nice challenge for him. "So what am I to do with you, my lady? I still don't know if your story is true or not. Maybe you could ride out with me back to Fangorn and I can see your skill as a Ranger. Jem raised her eyebrows and folded her arms in front of her chest. "You just asked me why I would even risk going into that forest, but now you would accompany me there?" She asked confused. "Oh yes my dear lady, I believe it to be risky to go in there but, I believe that it would be safer for a man to take you there to make sure you don't run off." He replied walking over to his desk and sitting in his chair. "I see, you want to test me. Very well my lord, we leave tomorrow at dawn for Fangorn. It is imperative that I find out where those Orcs came from." She in said, giving in to his wish to come with her. "I shall arrange for your sleeping chambers to be prepared. Also, I should think you would like a bath as well. Seeing you've been tracking a band of Orcs for a week, I should think you would enjoy one." He remarked leaning back into his chair. "I thank you for your kindness, my lord." She replied with a small bow of her head. "Denzil!" Éomer called out. The door to the study opened and a guard stood present. "My lord?" the guard asked with a respectful bow of his head. "See that the servants prepare a room for Lady Jem, and a bath as well." Éomer said looking threw his maps trying to find a map of Fangorn Forest for his ride out tomorrow. "Yes, my lord." The guard replied and exited the room. Éomer found the map he was looking for and left it on the top of the rest so that he could fetch for it tomorrow morning. He then looked up at Jem and rose from his chair over to her. "I shall take you to