Safe and Sound What the hell is this? My Bella was into that bloodsucker, even knowing what he was. He had his claws so deep into her, she followed him around a sick little puppy. Now he has left her and I am torn apart to see my girl in the state she is in, a mere shell of the vibrant, spunky Bells I knew and practically grew up around. For awhile after she started coming around to see me, I thought she was getting better. But in a wave of depression and idiotic thrill seeking, she jumps into the freezing torrent and nearly drowns. She is lucky I was out chasing after that redhead, and saw her hit the water. I finally have her home and she is sleeping soundly on my shoulder. Suddenly, I smell vampire. I carry her up stairs and put her into her bed and go outside. I see it's just one of the Cullens, Alice I think. "What are you doing here, I thought you all ran following Eddie boy and his feelings to greener pastures." "I saw Bella hit the water and I had to see what happened." "She did, but I saved her." Her phone rings, "Hello?" Ugh I am going to have to have a word with Rose. No, she is fine. She has company so I won't bother her…okay, bye. Ugh, stupid. He read my thoughts and is freaking about her being with a wolf." "She is safe with me. I love her. I will protect her, like we are doing chasing after the redhead." "Victoria is here?" "Yes, but we have increased patrols and I am staying very close to Bella and Charlie." Alice glared at me, but I stood my ground. "Edward, she is fine. We all should stay away for her sake. Coming back would only bring more danger. I believe the dog is telling the truth." She hung up. "You should probably go before she wakes up. I don't want to even know what will happen to her if she see you." She just nods and disappears. I go inside and as the phone rings, "Swan residence?" "Jacob, you don't have to say anything. I want Bella happy and if she finds that with you, I can learn to live with that. I have to. But if you hurt her in anyway, I will hunt you down. Remember that." there was a click and hung up my end. I would have to tell Bella about this, but today was not that day. She has dealt with a lot of trauma, now I had to tell her that Harry died. It is lunch time so I put some things on the table from the refrigerator just as Bella comes downstairs. "Jake, hey, you don't have to hand around you know." "Actually I do. Victoria, remember? We have increased patrols. Harry died this afternoon." "Oh no. no no no no." She buried her face in her hands. "How could I have been so selfish? I am sorry." "No, Bella, listen. He was in a state of stress being caught between the wolf secret and the vampires and Charlie. It was too much for him. and then leah changed. It's okay." "Jake." She curled up in my lap and cried until she was asleep. I carried her in to the living room and laid her there with her head on my shoulder. I made to stand when Charlie sauntered through the door, "Don't leave, Jacob." "I'm not going anywhere." Charlie just smiled sadly at me. "You are good for her. You are welcome anytime." "Thanks, Charlie. You know I am really fond of her. I want your consent…" "You have it. I love you as a son. Now, I'm going to go make some plans and phone calls and get in a couple hours of sleep before going into the station." I nod. It wasn't long after Charlie left the room, when sleep started to hit me. I woke to the sound of beeping and jumped up, "Bella?" "Jake you were sleeping soundly, so I just let you be. I turned on the fan and got something to eat. I am heating some burgers, do you want any?" "Sure." I say, getting up and washing my hands to help. "How long were we out?" Bella smiled, "Awhile. Dad left for work five hours ago. I thank you for that. I haven't been able to sleep in so long, I really needed that. You are so warm and soothing to me, like sunshine. "It's the wolf." "Not just, Jake." I smile but then grow serious, I need to tell her about our company yesterday now that she is rested. I can't wait any longer. "Hey Bella. Yesterday when you were resting, we had some company." "Jacob, I know." "You do?" "Yes. I heard you growl and then you went out where Alice was. I heard the conversation and I picked up my line when Edward called. It's okay. I appreciate you for trying to tell me and for waiting." "How are you?" "You know, I am better. I realize now what a fool I was." "You were in love." "Actually, I think it was fascination and their ability to attract prey more than love. Edward may have loved me, but not enough. The family may miss me, except for Rosalie, but they didn't fight hard enough to stay." I took a bite of my burger, "So you slept well and that is it?" She chuckled, "Every night I would get these dreams, running through the darkness chasing something or someone who would not come or turn back. When you were with me, it stopped. I just slept in peace and warmth." This made me so happy. I was finally able to relax, knowing she was okay. "Jake, can we go to a movie?" I couldn't believe my ears, "Like a date?" "A proper date. I owe you one after that time with Mike, when I was so in another dimension and you were miserable about to change." I smiled, "Sure. I'll get someone to watch Charlie while we are out." I called Sam to relieve me temporarily. She ran upstairs in a flash and came down with some of Charlie's clothes, "you can't go in that. you change and I'll go up and get ready." I washed up at the sink and put on the new clothes just as Charlie came through the door. "That get up is familiar." he smiles. "Bella's idea. We are going to a movie. Is it alright?" "Sure, kid. Well ya'll have fun and be careful." I was giddy and about to jump out of my skin in excitement. "Down boy." he laughs and I freeze, gazing curiously at him. "Jake, don't worry. I just paid a little closer attention to the legends of the area and hung out with Billy when we were younger longer and times when maybe I shouldn't. Your secret is safe with me." I shake my head in wonder. Charlie was something to behold. "How much do you know?" "Pretty much everything, Alpha. You are doing good taking care of my little girl." Bella came down the stairs. "Dad!" "Bells, you look great, hon." "I'm ready, lets go." She took my arm. This was it, our first date. We told Charlie goodnight and ran out the door. We selected a comedy that had just come out and I bought the tickets. With our popcorn and sodas in hand we sat down for the movie. With my help, the popcorn was nearly wiped out before the beginning to the film. "I'm Sorry, I can go get more." Bella just laughed, "Jake, it's okay. Not that hungry right now." She took my hand. "Thank you for this, Jake. I needed to get out." I squeezed her hand and smiled. "It's my pleasure, Bella. The movie was thankfully short. When it was over, I leaned in to her ear, "Bella, would you go for a walk down the beach with me?" She nodded. We stopped at the Kmart on the way through and I got some blankets and food and drinks. Once at the beach, Bella made a cozy spot and arranged the grub while I started a fire. The light from the fire made the red tones of Bella's hair stand out. She was so beautiful. I came to sit beside her. "Bella, I need to tell you something." I looked into her eyes, those captivating orbs that draw me to her. "I'm listening, Jacob." "I..my wolf.." "I'm your imprint?" Speechless, I just smiled and nodded. I was going nuts inside, I needed closure one way or another. "Jake, I think I've known all along. I think it just took time for it to sink in. I know you are torn about this. I know you have loved me and I know that your wolf wants me. Emily told me that an imprint can choose the boundaries of the relationship and that an imprint must either accept or decline the imprint." "Have you thought about it?" Please say you have. "Yes Jake, I have. I love you, Jake. I have decided to accept your love and your wolf's imprint on me." "So, you'll have me?" "Completely as also I want to be yours." My wolf growled and yipped in delight and Bella giggled. Her gaze traveled down from my eyes to my lips and she licked hers. Immediately my lips met her in a deep passionate kiss. I could smell her desire. She wanted me, really wanted me, in every way. I growled as her sweetness invaded my nostrils, "Bella, you smell so incredible. I can't wait to get a taste of you." "What's holding you back?" "What, now?" "Jake I am ready for you and your wolf to claim me. Tonight." She patted the blankets and then pulled out a condom from her back pocket. Immediately, my wolf and took control of the moment. Her clothes were ripped off. Bella moaned in delight. The sudden cold on her bare skin made her nipples harden and peak. My woman was smoking. Her body was so ready for me, but first I had to make good with my original promise. I kissed down her perfect breasts and stomach and kept going. Bella moaned and bit her lip as I inched closer to the exquisite aroma coming from the very core, the nerve center of her sexual desire and prowess. My tongue found her clit with ease and I worked the area with my mouth as I rubbed my fingers along the lips of her pussy. Soon she came and I caught up up every bit of her juices. My wolf and I loved her fragrance and flavor so much and she was all ours forever. At is thought, my wolf urged me on eager to stake his claim. "Ah, Jake, please. I need you inside me. Take me, Jacob." I growled with pleasure. Both of us ready to go, I slipped on a condom and climbed on top. I hated to hurt her but she knew what was about to happen. She knew I was a very big boy. She just winked and breathed huskily. She was wet and ready for me. I thrusted in and groaned, "Oh, you are so tight, Bella. Fuck. Are you okay?" I said without moving? "Uh, huh." She was smiling so she must feel good. My wolf sensed an urgency in her. Therefore, I began to move in and out. Slowly at first then as Bella got more excited, my wolf and I were ready. We needed to claim her, NOW! I flipped her over on her stomach. Her ass looked so edible. I licked up her body, slapped her hard on the ass. She moaned in pleasure. Good girl. Then I penetrated her once again from behind. From this angle, neither of us lasted long. "Fuck,