Many thanks to Llinos andMarigold for the beta! Special thanks to Llinos for letting me use her phrase "promsis". Thank you for your generosity! An Appropriate Punishment by PipMer "Meriadoc!" Startled, Merry looked up from where he was playing. "Aunt Tina?" "Just what do you think you're doing? You're supposed to be keeping an eye on your cousin, not letting him get covered in filth from head to toe!" Abashed, Merry looked to where the 2-year old was happily playing in a pile of mud. He was indeed covered from curly head to hairy feet in brown gooeyness. Pippin looked up and smiled at his cousin. He pointed at him and cooed, "Meh!" Sighing, Merry trudged over to retrieve the recalcitrant lad. "I'm sorry, Aunt Tina. I just took my eyes off of him for a minute, I swear. I don't know how he could have got so dirty so quickly." "Well, Merry, if I'm going to let you mind him more often, you'll have to learn to keep a sharper eye on him. He can almost toddle now, you know, so you'll have to be extra vigilant. I thought you understood what a responsibility, and a privilege, I've given you." Merry hung his head. "Yes," he murmured softly. "I'll take him to be washed straight away. I'm sorry, Aunt Tina." "Well, you're 10 years old now, Merry-lad. Time to act a little more grown up. Pippin will be looking to you as a role model, and you're going to have to make sure you're on your best behaviour around him. He idolizes you, and will imitate you just so he can be like his big cousin Merry. I hope you can remember that." Merry nodded. He picked up the dirty lad and carried him into the smial, making his way to the back where the bathtubs and cleaning supplies were kept. "Well, Pippin, I hope you're happy," he grumbled at the little lad. "Now you've got MY clothes all dirty as well, you little brat." Pippin giggled happily and pulled on Merry's curls. "My Meh," he exclaimed happily. Merry grinned back. He could never stay angry very long with his little cousin. "All right, you. We might as well take a bath together, since you're getting me just as filthy as you are. Now, stay right here while I fill the tub with water, all right?" "A-right", Pippin agreed cheerily as he sat down on the floor, watching Merry's every move. There were two fireplaces, with fires continually banked to keep water warm in kettles that hung over them. One was water for laundry, the other for baths. As soon as the tub was filled with warm water, Merry stripped both Pippin and himself, and gently lowered the lad into the water, then got in after him. Pippin immediately started splashing merrily. "All right Pip, settle down. I'm going to soap you, and lather your hair, all right? Just lean back and let me scrub you all clean." The lads were done in a matter of minutes. Merry lifted Pippin from the tub, retrieved fresh clothes that were always waiting here for them both, and dressed his little cousin in pristinely clean garments. He dropped the muddy things, both his and Pippin's, into the laundry to be done by the maid later. "There," Merry proclaimed, rubbing Pippin's wet curls with a soft towel. "Doesn't that feel better?" "Bett-ah," Pippin said, smiling at Merry as a thumb went into his mouth. Merry brought Pippin into the dining area, where Eglantine spotted them. "Thank you, Merry," she said warmly, smiling at her nephew. "I'll take him now; it's time for his morning rest. Would you mind if I laid him in your bed, and would you lie beside him for a while, Merry?" "Not at all, Aunt Tina, I'd be happy to." "Good, I'll just go and tuck him in and you can come in soon after." Merry's bed was in the guestroom that he always used when he stayed at the farm. This time he was staying for a whole month. He had pestered his father endlessly to let him spend some time with his young, favourite cousin for weeks now, and Saradoc finally relented. He was surprised how closely the two had bonded. Merry didn't seem to pine for Frodo's presence as much anymore since Peregrin had been born. There was an ulterior motive to Merry wanting to spend time here. His birthday was in two months, and instead of giving out mathoms, he wanted to buy something special for his parents. He needed to earn some money and, in order to keep it secret from his parents, he had asked his Aunt Eglantine and Uncle Paladin if he could act as Pippin's minder while staying at the farm. They had readily agreed, knowing that Pippin's mother and sisters needed some time off, as did the maid. It would be perfect; Merry could earn his money for his presents while doing something he absolutely loved doing anyway. Merry tip-toed into the bedroom, and crawled under the covers to gather Pippin's little body into his embrace. Pippin was still awake, and he giggled and squirmed for a few minutes before settling down. Finally, Pippin was relaxed in slumber, and Merry held him, contentedly watching his little lad sleep. --------------------------------------------- Merry jerked awake. He hadn't meant to fall asleep and, by the look of the sunlight, a good hour must have passed. He noticed that Pippin was no longer in bed with him. Yawning, he swung his feet over the edge of the bed. Somebody, probably Aunt Eglantine, must have come in to fetch Pippin and let Merry sleep. Rubbing his eyes, he walked down the hallway into the kitchen. "Where's Pippin?" he asked Pearl, who was standing at the table making a batch of mushroom pies. Pearl eyed Merry suspiciously. "What do you mean? I thought he was sleeping with you?" Sudden panic twisted Merry's gut. "He's not there. I thought somebody must have come to get him." "Did you fall asleep, Merry Brandybuck?" Pearl asked sternly, hands on hips. "You were SUPPOSED to be keeping him company, not taking a snooze with him!" Merry didn't know what to say. At that instant Eglantine walked into the kitchen. "Hello, Merry. Is Pippin still sleeping?" The sinking feeling in his gut just got worse. "No, Aunt, I fell asleep, and when I woke up, he was no longer there. Did one of his other sisters, or Uncle Paladin, perhaps get him up?" Eglantine froze. Her gaze locked onto her nephew's face, anger quickly overcoming her anxiety. "Merry, how COULD you? I trusted him with you, and now you've let him wander off to who knows where! We'll have to start searching immediately! Oh, my poor lad...he could have gone anywhere, and he wouldn't know where he was. He must be very frightened!" "He can't have gone far, Aunt Tina. I'll search my bedroom more thoroughly, and you two can start searching the rest of the smial." "Yes, you just do that, Merry," Eglantine said coldly, and stalked off with Pearl to find Pimpernel and Pervinca to help too. Merry immediately ran back into his bedroom, and started looking in every conceivable hiding place: under the bed, in the cupboards, in the wardrobe, behind the curtains, under the roll-top desk. Nothing. No Pippin. Where could he have possibly gone? He still just crawled, and when he did manage to pull himself onto his feet, he could not reach the doorknob. Then Merry realized something with a sinking horror. He turned around and looked at the window that was above the bed. It was wide open. ------------------------------------------------------- Merry vaulted out of the window, into the freshly pruned flowerbed. Giving a small sob of relief, he saw a small form curled up under a lilac bush, fast asleep. He gathered the small body into his arms, and ran back into the smial. "Aunt Eglantine! I found him!" he shouted, effectively waking up the sleeping lad. Pippin started whimpering and snuggling closer into Merry's arms. Merry just gave him a big hug, and a kiss on the forehead. "Mehhy?" asked the sleepy lad, looking drowsily up at Merry. Eglantine came racing from the front of the smial, and grabbed Pippin from Merry's arms. "Oh, Pippin, baby, how's my little one?" "Seepy," replied Pippin with a huge yawn. "Yes, I'm sure you are. Where was he, Merry?" He was outside my window, asleep under the lilac bush." "Was he now?" she gave Merry a look like thunder. "I'm going to tuck my little darling into his own cot, and then I'm going to have a talk with you, Meriadoc." "Yes, Aunt," Merry said resignedly. Sighing, Merry trudged back to his bedroom, thinking that it was there that the confrontation would ensue. He couldn't believe how careless he'd been. He adored Pippin, and he hoped that Aunt Tina wouldn't forbid him to spend any more time with him. That would kill him. Pippin was the little brother that he never had, as Frodo had been his big "brother". When Frodo had left Brandy Hall to go and live with Bilbo, Merry had been heartbroken. He had cried every night for a week, and then his heart started the slow healing process. When Pippin was born, his affections transferred to that little bundle of joy that seemed to brighten up the days of any one who came into contact with him. With his chestnut coloured hair, bright green eyes, and a smile that lit up a room, Pippin had stolen Merry's heart. If Eglantine forbade him to see Pippin anymore, he would just die. His back was to the door when Eglantine opened it and slammed it shut. He gave a little 'eep!' as he jumped several inches into the air. Then he turned around to face his wrathful aunt. "Sit down, Meriadoc," she ordered. Sheepishly, he sat down on his bed, facing her. Her face was red and sweaty, and a frown creased her forehead. She was not at all happy. "Merry, do you realize what could have happened here today?" Finally, Merry could control himself no longer. His guilt had roiled inside his stomach since he had let Pippin get dirty. He knew very well what could have happened; they could have lost Pippin for good. All of the guilt transformed itself into anger and Merry exploded. "I'd never hurt Pippin!" he shouted, panic edging his voice towards hysteria. "Why don't you trust me, Aunt Tina? I didn't mean to fall asleep; it was an accident! I must have been more tired than I thought. Haven't I been totally trustworthy up until today? Totally and completely? I'm only 10 years old, what do you really expect from me?" Finally his anger gave way to anxiety. "Please, Aunt Tina, it will never happen again, I promise." "Well, you're right about one thing, young hobbit," Eglantine said coolly. "It will never happen again. I'm going to have to have a talk with your Uncle Paladin about this, to come up with an appropriate punishment for you. When you're in charge of Pippin, Merry, you can't just relax your attention. My goodness, even my daughters at your age understood that when they minded their own cousins. As I said, I will have a talk with Paladin to see what should be done. I would suggest that you refrain from being alone with Pippin until then." Eglantine turned to walk out of the door. "Wait!" Merry shouted. "You can't make me stay away from Pippin! I'm here to take care of him, and that's what I mean to do." Merry's chin stuck up in the air, and his fists balled up with anger. "I love Pippin, and he loves me. You'd be punishing him as well as me." "Well, you should have thought of that earlier, Merry! And you will not talk back to me, is that understood? If you