A/N: Hi everyone! It was quite a while ago that I put up a new story, wasn't it? Well, I don't know if I want to call this a new story, really, since this is technically the multi-chapter version of Battle As Old As Time, but it has a whole lot of more details, it begins before the one-shot and, of course, continues where BAOAT fades to black. I truly hope you'll like it! In fact, I haven't been this proud of a story for quite some time, and I've had several pre-readers looking at it, as well as my wonderful Beta Reader Belynda! I'm so excited to hear what you think of this, and as always, I welcome all sorts of feedback :) I don't have an updating schedule in mind yet, but many chapters are already written on this story, so I definitely won't leave you hanging after just one or two chapters, I can promise you that, but I have to warn you that I am in the midst of moving, so I can't guarantee weekly updates, but as always, I will do my best for you. Because, you know, I kind of love you guys 3 Beta Reader: Belynda Smith Word Count: 3 882 Genre: Supernatural/Drama Pairing: Bella/Edward {Chapter 1} I looked into the mirror on my vanity as I combed carefully through my long dark hair to avoid pulling too much on the roots in case there were any massive tangles I couldn't see, and when my brush went through smoothly, I laid it down on the table. I used my hands to pull everything behind my shoulders and let it cascade down my back, but I wasn't pleased with how I looked, and so I grabbed one section on each side and pulled it forward so that it would frame my face. When I was pleased with my hair, I started with my makeup. With each step completed, I struck a pose to make sure everything looked as it should. My morning routine always took at least an hour, especially since my overall style went from plain to punk rock, so I wanted to put a bit more effort into my looks. I made a few funny faces at my reflection and turned my head from side to side to make sure everything was perfect, and then I grabbed my leather jacket and book bag and headed down the stairs. My dad sat at the kitchen table reading the newspaper, but when I entered he didn't even look up. I leaned against the doorframe and crossed my arms as I waited, and when I got no reaction at all, I sighed in frustration. I didn't have a car because even though I aced my driver's test, my parents refused to get me a car as they didn't think I deserved that sort of freedom as long as my current behavior remained the way it did. Their words, not mine. It was true that I wasn't a Miss Goody Two Shoes, but I wasn't nearly as bad as they had in their heads, and it was all Banshee's fault. Banshee was the nickname my friends and I had given our school's principal because she was such a cold-hearted bitch and her voice was the most annoying one in the world. Ever since I started my freshman year, she had been after me, and I was sure she had memorized every phone number that could reach my parents by now since she called them several times a week to "report" on my bad behavior. It wasn't like I was creating havoc wherever I went. Sometimes it was things like the length of my skirt or the message she thought I was projecting with my band shirts. Other times, it was that I had my feet up on a bench, or that I "talked back in class," according to my teachers. It was all just ridiculous. And all of this resulted in my dad driving me to school every day. I hated it, but I didn't have a choice. "School starts in forty minutes," I said when I hadn't gotten a single reaction from my dad since I came into the kitchen. He grunted in acknowledgment but made no move to get up, and I rolled my eyes when I realized that it was going to be the same as yesterday, and the day before that. Dad simply refused to move one inch unless I asked him to drive me, but I saw that as incredibly unnecessary since he always drove me. I believe it was one of his strange notions of teaching me to never take anything for granted or something like that. Mom came down the stairs looking picture perfect with her chestnut hair silky smooth and her face all fresh and dewy-looking. She somehow carried it as if she woke up looking like that, but I was positive she put more effort into her appearance than I did. Otherwise, she wasn't normal. "Good morning, honey!" she twittered and leaned over to kiss me on the cheek, but I didn't want her to smudge my makeup and cause me to have to do it all over again, so I jerked away. For a second, she looked hurt, but then she returned to her chirpy self. "Do you want any breakfast?" she asked and began rummaging through the fridge. "I'm not hungry," I mumbled and glared at my dad who was slowly lifting his cup of coffee to his lips and appeared to have all the time in the world. "I will be late if we don't get going." He remained in his chair, and I groaned. "Dad!" He closed the paper and leaned back in his chair, arms crossed and a taunting, expectant smile on his face. "You know what you have to do, Isabella." "Charles, do we really have to go through this every morning?" Mom asked and poured a cup of coffee for herself. "As long as Isabella doesn't show any appreciation, then yes, Renée, we do," Dad replied, his teeth showing when his smile widened at his continued taunting of me. I knew, though, in spite of his smile, that he was boiling inside. It was during times like this that I really didn't understand how my parents ever got married. They were complete opposites. Mom always remained calm and rational, while my dad had a hard time controlling his temper once something triggered it. Their personalities weren't the only difference, either. Mom loved to dress in bright pastel colors, while Dad's wardrobe mostly consisted of blacks and dark grays; and Mom's dewy face looked like an angel's next to Dad's scruffy and ragged look. Seriously, whenever they stood next to each other, they looked like light and dark incarnate. I bit my tongue to prevent the nasty things I wanted to say from coming out and reluctantly did what Dad wanted me to do. "I will be late if we don't leave now. Can you drive me?" He looked at me, appraising the sincerity in my words, but then he just shrugged. "Better, but you're not quite there yet." My jaw tensed and I had to use everything I had to not scream at him. "Charles, if you don't want to drive her, I can do it," Mom said and reached for her car keys. Dad brought his fist down on the table top and it caused Mom to jump in fright, but this wasn't the first time our arguments led to that reaction, so I kind of saw it coming. "Don't!" he exclaimed and looked at her over his shoulder with a dark look. His smile was gone and replaced with a clenched jaw. "Do not undermine my authority, Renée. I will not tolerate it." Mom narrowed her eyes and huffed before looking away defiantly. No, it didn't make any sense to me at all how these two had stayed together for all these years, but I had never heard them even discuss a separation. I absolutely refused to look at Dad when I opened my mouth again. "Dad, can you drive me to school, please? I will be really late if you don't." He shifted his eyes to me and stared at me for a long time, and finally, he reached into his pocket for his car keys and headed for the front door. I followed him quietly with my arms still crossed. "Have a good day, sweetie!" Mom called from the kitchen, but I didn't bother with a reply. The drive to school held the same quiet tension it always did, and by now I didn't feel guilty when I popped my earbuds in and turned up the music because Dad never spoke to me anyway. When he pulled into the parking lot, I didn't remove my ear buds, and simply opened the door to get out. His parting words were always that I'd better not do anything stupid, and I usually answered him by rolling my eyes, but I was not in the mood for that today. I was feeling very off, and it hadn't improved with the fight in the kitchen. Since we had cut it very close, I should have run to my locker to get my books and hurried to class, but I didn't want to get to class all sweaty and disgusting, so I took it easy. Of course, it ended with me getting a disapproving look from the teacher when I entered the classroom, but I didn't really care. It wasn't like I missed anything really important just because I was a few minutes late. I sat down in my seat next to my best friend, Alice, who was leaning back nonchalantly in her seat and filing her black nails. "You should text, Edward," she told me as her greeting without looking up from her nails. "He was looking for you before class." "What did he want?" I asked, but I was already digging for my phone. "Didn't ask," Alice replied, and when the teacher huffed angrily because of our conversation, all she did was shift her eyes from her nails to him, and he immediately shrunk back behind his desk. I was thoroughly impressed that she could do that because I had never been able to, and I didn't understand how she did it. Sure, she exuded a very dark aura and it caused most people to give her a wide berth whenever she passed, but I still couldn't understand how people could fear my five-foot tall friend. Maybe I couldn't feel it because, while most people shunned her, I'd felt drawn to her the first day I saw her across the parking lot, and I hadn't been the only one. My entire group of friends had begun to talk excitedly when they saw her, including the guy I had not yet started to call boyfriend by that point; Edward. There was a brief moment when I'd felt jealous that this new girl was stirring up so much emotion, especially since she got Edward so excited. But with his uncanny ability to know how I felt, he had leaned over and whispered, "You know you're the only girl for me." That had placated me, despite the fact that we didn't have any sort of romantic relationship back then. When Alice walked up to us during the lunch break, I couldn't help comparing myself to her. She oozed confidence as she closed in on us, asked which one of us was Edward, introduced herself and that was that; she was in the group. The worst part for me was that she naturally fit in. My experience had been completely different. It had occurred during a party that was exclusively for seniors, but my ex-best friend, Angela, and I had somehow been able to crash it. I had spotted Edward during the first week in school and had gotten slightly obsessed with him