A/N: Hey all! Another new story by me coming out here, and this one will have a set weekly update schedule . I will update on Thursdays , and this is a promise I can keep because the story is already completely written . I need to tell you all, though, that this story isn't 100 % mine. I have transformed it into a story from an interactive story app called Choices (an app I am completely obsessed with atm) and the creators are Pixelberry Studios. So here's my disclaimer: I don't own the characters or the full plot of this story. All recognizable content belongs to their respective owner. No copyright infringement intended. Names and places have been changed for the purpose of Fanfiction. Title: The Mystery of El Jardín Beta: Belynda Smith Genre: Mystery/Drama/Romance Rated M Summary: Ten lucky college kids receive the chance to vacation for one week at a luxury resort on a private island in the Caribbean when they win a random draw contest held at their school. However, it becomes apparent quickly that this vacation will stay with them all forever. The Mystery of El Jardín {Chapter 1} All I could see was green. Green bushes, green vines, green trees. My feet pounded against the ground as I ran for all I was worth from… something. I didn't dare to look over my shoulder and find out what was chasing me. Suddenly, I was pulled to the side by my arm and down under a bush. A man I had never seen before crouched next to me with one finger pressed against his lips. "Stay down. It's coming this way," he said, and despite not knowing him, I listened, because he made me feel safe, somehow. Everything went dark, and then I was running again toward a big stone building. Another man I didn't recognize stood by the entrance with his hand outstretched toward me. "Bella! Give me your hand!" I reached for him, but darkness overcame me once again. Then, a bodiless, male voice spoke in my ear. It was unfamiliar, but the words caused my blood to run cold. "You don't understand, do you? Of course not. But you will … in time." The plane shuddered and jolted me awake. I blinked away the strange dream as I adjusted to the bright sunlight outside. "Wow..." I mumbled to myself, confused by the illogical dream I'd just had. "Morning, sleepyhead," Benjamin, my best friend in the whole world, said, and gave me a goofy smirk from the seat next to me. I stretched and yawned as I recalled why I was on a plane and where I was heading. "I'm not still dreaming, right?" "Doesn't feel real, does it? But we're finally on our way!" Benjamin replied excitedly. He wasn't the only bubbly person on the plane. The chatter of the ten contest winners from our school filled the small space. "One magical week in paradise, here we come!" A girl with flaming red hair sighed contentedly from her seat in the front row. "All expenses paid, what whaaaaaat!" Peter Chen, one of the school's star football players exclaimed. "Good thing, too. I'm so deep in student debt I couldn't even afford instant ramen right now," Emmett McCarty agreed with him. Emmett was the most compassionate person I'd ever had the pleasure of meeting, although he was bit stupid sometimes because of his constant need to get high. I was just as excited as the rest of them, but I just couldn't shake my dream away. It had felt so real despite not making any sense. "Hey … you okay, Bella? Bad dream?" Benjamin asked with a worried glance. "Just a really weird one," I assured him. "I dreamt about … about him! " My eyes widened as the second guy from my dream came walking down the aisle toward us. "You had a dream about Garrett Gayle?" Benjamin's worried expression morphed into one of amusement. "Well, what are you waiting for? Go talk to him!" Benjamin pushed me out into the aisle, right as Garrett was about to pass by. I literally fell right into his arms. "Whoa, hello there!" Garrett said with a surprised, but kind, smile. Benjamin leaned out in the aisle from his seat. "My friend Bella here wants to say something." Garrett continued to smile as he waited for what I apparently had to say, and the pressure caused me to just blurt it out. "I dreamt about you!" His smile widened. "Is that so? A good one I hope." I blushed. " Actually, it was kind of terrifying," I confessed without thinking how it would sound to him. "Oh, not because of you! It's just..." I scrambled as I tried to save the part of my dignity that I had left. Garrett shook his head, his million dollar, perfect-white-teeth smile still in place. "Don't worry. I'll take it as a compliment anyway," he said and slipped by me to continue down the plane. "Oh man, got that whole thing on video. You've gotta see your face..." Benjamin trailed off and I looked over at him. He was frowning down at his phone. "Huh, weird. Is it really 5:15? We should've landed an hour ago … and it didn't feel like you'd been snoring that long." I shot him an unamused smile. "Hilarious. I'll go ask the pilot if something's up..." As I made my way forward, I passed by the other students talking loudly over each other. "Excuse me, will you please cease your babbling? The tour guide is trying to speak," a blond guy with an English accent said irritatedly. The tour guide, a small girl with short black hair, smiled at him appreciatively. "Thank you, Alistair! As your tour guide for the week, I just want to say that we should all try to … you know, be friends. It is an island, after all, so you're kind of stuck with each other. My name is Alice, by the way, and I will be with you every day for all the fun adventures we'll have together!" "Is it too late to jump out of the plane?" I recognized Rosalie Hale's fed up tone. She was sitting alone, with her arms crossed, and an annoyed expression on her face. I could remember how I used to envy her looks when we were freshmen at Hartfelt University, but during sophomore year, she changed her appearance completely. Colored her blonde hair black and red, as well as cutting it very short, and pierced both her nose and eyebrow. She avoided everyone, except the other computer geniuses on campus that she hung out with, like the plague. I entered the cockpit and saw the pilot had his combat boots kicked up on the dashboard. It wasn't the image I had expected, but I wasn't a pilot myself, so who was I to lecture? "Excuse me. It's Edward, right? Weren't we supposed to have landed by now...?" I trailed off when I saw that his eyes were closed. "Wait, are you asleep ?!" "Hmm?" He opened his eyes and looked back at me. Instantly, I recognized his face from the same bizarre dream. He was the guy I'd felt so safe with. "Listen, Princess, don'tcha know it's rude to wake someone who's taking a nap?" I wasn't feeling very safe anymore, and his nickname confused me. "'Princess'?" I asked, wondering where he got that from. He shrugged. "What can I say? I give nicknames to people who annoy me." I narrowed my eyes, but smiled, amused by his straightforwardness. "In that case, I'm calling you..." I tried to come up with a good name, and as I channeled my inner Benjamin, who was a crazy movie fan, I got it. "...'Top Gun.'" I had to admit I was quite proud it. His mouth fell open in surprise. "'Top Gun'? Hang on, you can't be giving nicknames. That's my thing!" I shrugged. "I dunno. I like it. Might keep doing it." He smirked. "You ain't clever enough to keep 'em coming. Takes work to be as good as I am." He stretched and straightened up in his seat. "Anyway, relax. We ain't landing 'til … the hell?" He frowned as he looked at the dashboard. "That time ain't right … and that ain't right either!" He whacked the instrument panel a few times. "You sure you know what you're doing?" I asked carefully. He rolled his eyes, but his smile was still very much in place. "If you knew half the things I've survived, you'd bet on me to get you through anyth—" Out of nowhere, turbulence began hammering the plane, and I was thrown hard into the wall of the cockpit. My shoulder hit the hard surface at a painful angle, and I screamed out in both pain and shock. "Aw, just great! This storm front's coming in quick," Edward exclaimed. He leaned in and grabbed the yoke in a steady grip. "Get your ass in a seat, hear? And tell everybody to buckle up!" I didn't understand what was going on, and stupidly enough, my mouth thought it was a good time to protest. "But—" Edward glared at me over his shoulder. " Now, Princess!" Dark clouds closed in around the plane and hard gusts rocked it from side to side. Everyone started shouting. "Oh, I'm really regretting that airport Chipotle!" Emmett bellowed loudest of all. "Don't puke, bro! If you puke, I'm gonna puke!" Peter said and leaned as far away from Emmett as he could. "Where the hell did this storm come from?! It was a clear day!" A golden blonde girl I didn't know complained. "It happens, okay? This is totally normal!" Edward shouted over the sound of the plane's engine. The plane was small enough for everyone to hear him through the open cockpit door. "Yeah. Sure. That looks normal," Rosalie retorted and pointed out the window. Outside, balls of orange electricity coalesced out of the dark sky and exploded in a crackle of sparks. "It looks like ball lightning … but I've never seen anything quite like this," A girl with thick-framed glasses and ponytailed strawberry blonde hair gasped. "This is all wrong! I can't die here, surrounded by these morons," Alistair moaned with his hands over his face. Garrett tried to calm everyone from his seat. "Everyone, just breathe! We're gonna get through this!" "Oh god, oh god..." The girl with red hair clutched the armrests in pure panic. Her knuckles turned white with her grip. A blistering crack of thunder deafened me as the lightning hit the plane. Sparks flew in the cockpit. "Engine just lost power! Bringing her down manually! Everybody, hang on!" Edward ordered with his hands firmly on the yoke. The shouting grew louder as everyone started to panic … all except one. A girl with her brown hair a tight ponytail and a long scar across her right eye sat alone in the back row of the plane, silent and unfazed. Alice shouted to me. "Bella! Safety first! Please find a seat!" I looked for an empty space around me and tumbled into the seat beside the red-haired girl as the plane lurched violently. Her face was drawn tight, her eyes clenched shut, refusing to look. "Just breathe! It'll pass," I tried, but she wasn't listening. "This can't happen … not yet … it's too soon." She gripped the armrests even harder. Her chest rose and fell shallowly as if she was having trouble breathing. I tried to distract her because a panic attack would not help anyone at that moment. "Hey … why couldn't the melons get married?" She looked at me as if I'd suddenly lost my head. "Wha … what? I … have no idea!" "Because they cantaloupe! " The girl just looked at me blankly for a moment, and then she cracked a shaky smile. "Because they … can't elope? That is the dumbest