A/N: This story is for all of you Non-canon lovers out there :-) I hope you'll enjoy my little twist of New Moon and that you might even like my style of writing so much that you'll even check out my other stories as well :-D Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. THE NATURAL PATH BY MARIECARRO CHAPTER 1 I stepped out to the edge, keeping my eyes on the empty space in front of me. My toes felt ahead blindly, caressing the edge of the rock when they encountered it. I drew in a deep breath and held it...waiting. "Bella." I smiled and exhaled. " Yes?" I didn't answer out loud, for fear that the sound of my voice would shatter the beautiful illusion. He sounded so real, so close. It was only when he was disapproving like this that I could hear the true memory of his voice–the velvet texture and the musical intonation that made up the most perfect of all voices. "Don't do this," he pleaded. " You wanted me to be human," I reminded him. "Well, watch me." "Please. For me." " But you won't stay with me any other way." "Please." His voice was just a whisper in the wind and rain. "Don't do this. Just...Be happy." His last words made me hesitate. "What do you mean?" "Move on and be happy." As the adrenaline wore off, his voice quietened and disappeared. I still didn't understand what he meant, so I lifted my foot experimentally to see if his voice would come back. "Bella! Stop this childish game." " But I love you, and I need you in my life." Now it was I who pleaded to him . It didn't matter that he was just an illusion. It felt as if I was actually in a conversation with him, and I had to make him understand. "I'll always be in your life, but not this way. You'll just end up hurting yourself." Tears started to slowly fall down my cheeks. I had wanted to hear him say that he loved me as well, but not even my mind could conjure up him saying it when it wasn't true. " You broke your promise." I was grasping at straws, trying to get a good argument as to why I was doing these things. "I know, but be the better person and keep yours. Think about Charlie and Renée." I could barely hear his voice with the wind howling around me. I took another deep breath and thought about his words. He was right, as usual. I had been completely selfish lately, putting myself in harm's way over and over again, just for the sake of hearing the memory of the voice I loved. Very slowly, and unwillingly, I took a step back and hung my head. I felt like a scolded child that had been caught doing something naughty. "BELLA!" Startled, I turned around, because it wasn't Edward's voice that called for me. It was Jacob's and he sounded scared, angry, and worried, all at the same time. "Bella, what the hell are you doing?!" Jacob threw his arms around me and carried me away from the edge. I fought against him as I wanted to get out of his arms and back to the cliff. I wanted to hear Edward's voice again, even though his words were still so clear in my head. He told me to be happy – to get over him and move on. It took a few seconds for me to realize that we were no longer moving and that I wasn't in Jake's arms. We had arrived to the place where I parked my truck and Jake was in the driver's seat, waiting for me to climb inside. I quickly did so because his expression told me that he didn't have the patience for me to act difficult. He was very quiet when he started the truck and drove it in the direction of his house. "Are you mad at me?" I asked quietly when he hadn't said anything for five minutes. That seemed to bring him out of his deep thoughts because he looked like he just remembered I was there too. "What? No, I'm not mad…Maybe a little, but that's not the big problem here." I looked at him questioningly, hoping he would elaborate. When he didn't, I continued. "Then what is it?" It didn't matter that he told me that he wasn't all that mad at me. I could feel the tension radiating from his body. Jake sighed. "It's Harry Clearwater. He had a heart attack this morning." I felt my heart drop to my stomach, and I suddenly wished that it had been me that Jake was mad at. A heart attack? Was he okay? What happened? I tried to voice my thoughts, but they were all jumbled up. Eventually I was able to choke out a whispered question. "Is he going to be okay?" Jacob didn't answer me. He just kept his eyes on the road, but his expression told me everything. It was too late. My eyes started to burn as tears formed. The news of Harry's death made me realize how stupid I'd been on the cliff and I wanted to kick myself. What if I'd jumped? Charlie would have a stroke if he knew what I'd almost done. One of his best friends had just died, and if he found out what I'd almost done, he would think that I'd gone suicidal. I didn't want to put that on his shoulders, and I made a promise right there that I wouldn't do anything stupid or reckless again, just for the sake to hear a long gone voice from my past. I made that promise to myself and to Charlie. Instead of going to his house, Jacob drove me home. On the driveway, he killed the engine and it got very quiet. I could only bear the silence for a few minutes. "Jake...I'm sorry for acting so reckless. I didn't know..." My voice trailed off when I tried to explain myself. It sounded so pathetic, so I decided to just shut up. "You should've waited for me," he said and turned to me. "You scared the hell out of me when I saw you standing at the edge, ready to jump." "Why?" I asked. "We were still supposed to go together, right?" Jake looked at his hands on the wheel. "A storm's rolling in and the current gets really strong right below the cliffs. If you'd jumped, the water would have pulled you under and you wouldn't have been able to fight it." Something dark passed over Jake's face before he continued. "But that wasn't the main reason." His head turned and his dark eyes bore into mine with an intensity that made goose bumps erupt on my skin. "We found a fresh trail today, but when we found the leech, she ran off like something shot from hell. We pursued her for a long time, but she took off in the water and we weren't able to follow her anymore." When he inhaled, his nostrils flared and I could see that he was trembling slightly. He was still staring at me as I slowly lifted my hand and put it on his arm to calm him. He looked out the windshield again and leaned back heavily against the seat. "I knew that you often walked around down at the beach, so I hurried home. When I ran past the cliff and saw you stand so close to the edge, you very nearly scared me to death." He looked completely exhausted when he finished. A cold wind went through the cabin. I shuddered, and Jake looked at me apologetically. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to keep you out in the cold. Let's get you inside." He got out of the truck and opened my door for me. As we walked toward the front door, he casually slung his arm around my shoulders. It felt good to feel his warm body close. Suddenly, I didn't feel as opposed to his closeness as before. It was almost like something had changed. Without consciously deciding it, I snuggled closer to him, and his arm tightened around me. I couldn't see his face from this angle, but I was most certain that he was smiling. It was so easy to make Jake happy. That thought made me realize something. Was that what my hallucinatory Edward meant? That I should be happy with Jake ? Everything was so confusing, but I still gave it some serious thought. I didn't even notice when Jake sat us down on mine and Charlie's old couch. He once again put his arm around my shoulders, and I liked the feeling of it. It felt normal, like it should feel between a guy and girl. You know that tingly feeling when someone you like gets really close to you? Yeah, I had it. When Jake sat with me like this, it didn't feel completely platonic, but I didn't shy away. I knew that if I turned my head and kissed his cheek, there would be no turning back, and that thought didn't scare me, weird enough. I loved Jake, of course not as much as I loved Edward, but it was still something there that just felt right . Like this was the path my life should take. I loved Jake and it was nothing wrong with it. I loved Jake. With those three words at the forefront of my mind, everything just clicked, and I saw everything. Everything my life could be if I just let go of the past and moved on. I saw Charlie and Renée mixed into a strange collage with Billy and Sam and La Push. I saw years passing, and meaning something as they passed, changing me. I saw the bobbing heads of two small, black-haired children, running away from me into the familiar forest. When they disappeared, they took the rest of the vision with them. The vision made a longing start to grow, and I wanted it. I wanted it so badly. All I had to do to make it real was turn my head and kiss Jacob's cheek. I knew what that move would tell him and how he would react. He would put his hand on my cheek and hold my face in place as he touched his lips softly to mine. But at the same time, I was unsure if I was really ready for it all. Even though Edward was the one who left me – the one who told me he didn't love me anymore – it still felt like cheating on him. I didn't have the courage to see what would happen, until I heard his voice once again. This time, it was quiet and soft, completely different from the last time, but still the same. "Be happy." That was all the voice said, and then it went quiet. I could actually feel the change these two words made. It was almost a physical transformation. Suddenly, I just knew that it was the very last time I would hear my hallucinatory Edward's voice. The small part of my heart that had healed by being with Jake had moved on, and I could feel how it worked to revive the rest of my heart. It was a strange feeling to suddenly be able to breathe again. I took a deep breath and turned my head. I prepared myself to do the last thing in order to make my life right again. I started to slowly lean toward Jake. Then the phone rang. I let out a frustrated