This story has gone through an online beta program and had any minor mistakes corrected on 18/02/2016 Credit for all Italian translations goes to LaMomo! Credit for all Portuguese translations goes to myworldisblue! These two are the best for helping me! Also thank you to Project Team Beta that beta'd this chapter for me. They really helped me a lot! Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. … ISABELLA VOLTURI by MARIECARRO Rated: M Genre: Supernatural AU CHAPTER 1 "Goodbye, Bella," he said in the same quiet, peaceful voice. "Wait!" I choked out the word, reaching for him, willing my deadened legs to carry me forward. I thought he was reaching for me, too. But his cold hands locked around my wrists and pinned them to my sides. He leaned down, and pressed his lips very lightly to my forehead for the briefest instant. My eyes closed. "Take care of yourself," he breathed, cool against my skin. There was a light, unnatural breeze. My eyes flashed open. The leaves on a small vine maple shuddered with the gentle wind of his passage. He was gone. He had left me here all alone with absolutely nothing. All of it was over. Love, life, and meaning, all of it…over. I'd told him that my soul was his already and now he'd taken it with him as he left me here…alone. With only a promise that he broke as soon as he made it. As if he could ever erase himself from my memory. For me, he would always exist. I felt the urge to walk after him into the forest but I stopped myself. It was a completely useless action; as if I would be able to find him anyway. My heart wouldn't be able to feel him anymore since it was left at my feet, shattered and beyond repair. Instead, I turned around and walked back to the house. My legs felt heavy – as if my feet were made out of lead, but I kept on walking. How could he do this to me? To us? The feeling of a carpet being pulled out from under my feet overwhelmed me. For the short amount of seven months, I'd had it all: love, friends, and a family in which I was loved and accepted. The world I belonged in - a world where I didn't stumble around trying to keep myself upright because I felt comfortable enough to be myself. And he took that from me. Once inside the house, I sat down at the kitchen table and stared unseeingly at the wall. Deep in thought, I didn't realize how the time passed, so when I heard tires on the driveway, I frowned at the clock in confusion. Was that Charlie? What was he doing home at this hour? I wasn't expecting him home for at least two hours. The front door opened and Charlie called out for me. "Bella?" I didn't move – I couldn't find the energy to do so – and Charlie walked into the kitchen looking very sad. He'd obviously heard about the Cullens' departure and felt sympathy for me. His expression did it for me and I broke. With a gasp, I clutched at my heart and started to sob. My tears fell freely down my cheeks and stained my jeans. I tried to stop the tears, I really did, but it was impossible. My heart was shattered and no matter what happened – no matter how much time passed – it would always have scar tissue that couldn't heal. My other half, my soul, had left me and I was completely empty without him, like a vase without its flowers. Charlie, who had always been uncomfortable when it came to feelings, didn't hesitate as he walked into the kitchen and put his arms around me. "I'm sorry, baby girl," he said in my ear, and I leaned heavily against his chest. He allowed me to cry and didn't try to pull away. He must have realized how much I needed his support right then. I felt him reach for something on the table and crumple it up in his hand. I didn't exactly care what it was. I was aching too much. I must have fallen asleep against Charlie at some point because I was startled awake when he carried me upstairs to my room and put me on my bed. "I didn't mean to wake you. Just go back to sleep." I didn't protest. My lids were heavy and my eyes were very sore. I was sure that I wasn't the least bit attractive at the moment. I turned over on my side but that made me face my window – and when I saw that it was slightly open, I started to cry once again. Never again would he come through my window and have me sleep in his arms. Never again would I feel his cold breath on my neck as I fell asleep. I clutched my pillow in my fist and buried my face in it. I wanted nothing more than for a dreamless sleep to make me forget my pain, if only for a few hours. That would be bliss. And for once, I got my wish for sleep, but it was everything except dreamless. Different memories from my time with my love jumped through my mind. " I think I hear your mother," he said, grinning again. " Don't leave me," I cried, an irrational surge of panic flooding through me. I couldn't let him go – he might disappear from me again. He read the terror in my eyes for a short second. "I won't," he promised solemnly, and then he smiled. "I'll take a nap." … " Is it this boy?" she whispered. I opened my mouth to lie, but her eyes were scrutinizing my face, and I knew she would see through that. " He's part of it," I admitted. No need to confess how big a part. "So, have you had a chance to talk with Edward?" I asked. " Yes." She hesitated, looking at his perfectly still form. "And I want to talk to you about that." Uh-oh. "What about?" I asked. " I think that boy is in love with you," she accused, keeping her voice low. " I think so, too," I confided. ... " Shhh, Bella, calm down." " Don't leave me," I begged in a broken voice. " I won't," he promised. "Now relax before I call the nurse back to sedate you." But my heart couldn't slow. " Bella." He stroked my face anxiously. "I'm not going anywhere. I'll be right here as long as you need me." " Do you swear you won't leave me?" I whispered. I tried to control the gasping, at least. My ribs were throbbing. He put his hands on either side of my face and brought his face close to mine. His eyes were wide and serious. "I swear." … Then he smiled his crooked smiled and took my face between his hands. "I told you I'm not going anywhere. Don't be afraid. As long as it makes you happy, I'll be here." I smiled back, ignoring the ache in my cheeks. "You're talking about forever, you know." … " Stay." The word was slurred. " I will," he promised. His voice was beautiful, like a lullaby. "Like I said, as long as it makes you happy…as long as it's what's best for you." … " Well, I wasn't going to live without you." He rolled his eyes as if that fact were childishly obvious. "But I wasn't sure how to do it – I knew Emmett and Jasper would never help me…so I was thinking maybe I would go to Italy and do something to provoke the Volturi." I flinched when I woke and saw the sun streaming in through my window. How ironic! The first day after they left me alone in this wet and forgotten town the sun was shining. I hated how the beaming light was mocking me, and I pulled the cover over my head and stayed there the entire day. I only ate when Charlie came up with something he'd heated in the microwave. The darkness of the night fell again outside my window and I was still in bed. Oddly enough, I felt completely exhausted and I quickly fell asleep. … " Well, I wasn't going to live without you," He rolled his eyes as if that fact were childishly obvious. "But I wasn't sure how to do it – I knew Emmett and Jasper would never help me…so I was thinking maybe I would go to Italy and do something to provoke the Volturi." I didn't want to believe he was serious, but his golden eyes were brooding, focused on something far away in the distance as he contemplated ways to end his own life. Abruptly, I was furious. " What is a Volturi ?" I demanded. "The Volturi are a family," he explained, his eyes still remote. "A very old, very powerful family of our kind. They are the closest thing our world has to a royal family, I suppose. Carlisle lived with them briefly in his early years, in Italy, before he settled in America – do you remember the story?" "Of course I remember." The next day, Charlie made me get up and out of bed – to shower at least – but I couldn't see the meaning of it. Why should I do anything? Since he left I was back at the beginning, back before all of this started but with memories that would haunt me forever. Out of synch with everyone, stumbling around and never finding my place in the world, just feeling utterly abnormal. They had chased all of those feelings away. They made me feel at home, and I could be completely myself around all the other abnormalities. I had accepted it then, that I wasn't normal, but without them here, it was hard to see how I could have accepted it. How could I accept the fact that I wasn't normal? Because I wasn't normal, that was matter what life threw at me when I was around them I had always been able to go through it because I had never felt as strong as I felt when I was in that world. My world; I knew that it was my world and I missed it. I missed living in it.I had chosen to live in that world a long time ago, but now it was out of my reach. But I desperately wanted to live in it again, no matter the costs. The only problem was that I had to find a vampire to bring me into that world, and I didn't exactly know a lot of them. I knew of them. I knew that there was another family in Alaska – The Denali coven – that were an extended family of them but that was about it. And also that family in Italy, the royal one called the Volturi. I'd dreamt of the time I heard about them for the last two nights. I didn't know what it was but I couldn't shake that memory away from me. It was on repeat in my head. Several days passed in the same slow and empty pace that it had since I was left behind, and every night I dreamt about the Volturi. It was either that memory from my birthday or it was about the time when I saw the painting of them and their names just rang in my head day and night. Aro, Caius and Marcus. What was it that made me think about