Penname: MarieCarro Beta: Chandrakanta Prereader: Kayla Cullen (FB name) Title of Story: Battle as Old as Time Rating: M Pairing: Bella/Edward Genre: Supernatural Word Count: 15 330 Story Summary: Bella is the typical bad behaving teenager, or so she thinks, until it's revealed to her that not only is she adopted, she is also a witch, and apparently her destiny now awaits. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. BATTLE AS OLD AS TIME "This has been going on for too long. One more mishap like this, and I will have no choice but to suspend her." Go ahead. I don't care. "We've had some issues at home lately, but she's only acting out. Isabella is a good kid. She's just a little lost." Just tell her what you really think of me, Dad; you think I am a spoiled brat. "Maybe, but her behavior is affecting the other students. You either solve your family issues or I will request for Miss Swan to transfer to another school." Please, do! Then I wouldn't have to deal with your shit anymore. "We understand. We will talk with her immediately. We won't tolerate this either." I rolled my eyes and slouched deeper into the uncomfortable blue plastic chair. My parents came through the door, and Dad tried to give me the I-am-very-disappointed-in-you-young-lady-look, but I wasn't falling for it. He only gave me that look to give the illusion of being a good parent and that he would only talk some sense into me. Not likely, though. Our fights never went anywhere and all we did was scream at each other. They took turns shaking the principal's hand, or the Banshee as I liked to call her—she was certainly just as cold-hearted as one and her nasal voice could have been a high-pitched scream in my ear, so the nickname was fitting—and then Mom walked up to me and crouched down so that she could look into my eyes. "Bella, what's going on with you? Is there something you want to tell us?" I rolled my eyes again and turned my head away from her. Dad wasn't in the mood to play nice and grabbed my upper arm hard to pull me up from the chair. "Charles, don't!" Mom cried out, but he didn't care. He was livid. "What the hell, Isabella Marie! Where did you get the alcohol from, and why did you bring it to school?" he asked through clenched teeth. I pulled my arm out of his grip and glared at him. "Don't fucking touch me!" "Answer my question." I crossed my arms and cocked my head defiantly. "Why do you care?" Mom stepped in between us. "Not here, Charlie! We'll take this home." She looked around and smiled apologetically toward the receptionist, who was looking at the scene in front of her. "Take a picture. It will last longer," I told her, but before I could see her reaction, I was pushed out of the office and toward the parking lot. I walked angrily behind my parents with my arms still crossed and glared at their necks as they made their way to where they had parked their car. "What are we going to do with you, Bella?" Mom mused to herself, and I didn't feel she was entitled to an answer, so I remained silent. When we reached the car, I refused to enter it immediately, and while Dad sat behind the wheel and tried to control his anger, Mom sighed and rolled her window down. "Just get in the car." I broke eye contact with her and looked down at my black boots and still refused to make a move. "Please, Bella. We'll talk at home." With an exasperated exhale, I flung the door of the backseat open and ducked inside. Dad didn't waste any time and drove off of the school premises as soon as the door was closed. "I don't understand, honey. Why did you think it was a good idea to bring alcohol to school?" Mom asked, but I was sulking and didn't feel like answering. "Bella, answer me," she said sternly. "Because I just did, okay!" I cried out and then continued quietly to myself, "It wasn't even my bottle." "What was that?" Dad asked, but since he wasn't my favorite person in the world at the moment, I only glared at his neck. "Nothing," I said and started to dig in my bag for my headphones. I'd had enough of them for the rest of the ride home. "It's time to grow up, Isabella. You're eighteen years old, and when school ends, there will be responsibilities waiting for you," he continued. "Sure," I answered noncommittally and proceeded to insert my ear buds. Music by my favorite band started to play in my ears and I looked out of the window at the sky, which was beginning to go gray, and small droplets of water splashed on the glass. When Dad stopped by a red light, a familiar car pulled up in the lane next to us and my eyes met the driver's. He smiled his beautiful smile and nodded toward the seat next to him. I frowned, silently asking what it was he meant and in reply I got a raised eyebrow and a wink. I understood then, and I also knew that I had to be really quick if it would work. I cast a small glance at my parents and neither of them had noticed anything yet, and so as fast as I possibly could, I threw the car door open and bolted outside. "Bella?" I heard Mom ask, and a second later Dad yelled as well, but I had already rounded the car that was my destination, and the door of the passenger side was already open for me. "Isabella, come back here this instant or you will regret it!" I locked eyes with my dad for a second, and he seemed to dare me to enter the car, which I did without hesitating. As soon as the door closed, the lights switched to green and we sped away from there. I threw my head back and laughed, rejoicing in my short and temporary freedom. I would still have to go home sometime tonight and meet my parents' wrath, but that was a problem for later. When I couldn't see them in the rearview mirror any longer, I looked at my savior—his unruly dark hair and defined jawline—and the desire I always felt around him flared up. "Thank you for saving me back there, baby," I said gratefully and leaned over to kiss him on the cheek, but he turned his head and took possession of my mouth for a few short seconds before releasing me to concentrate on the road again. "No problem. I figured you needed it when I saw your parents' car in the parking lot. What did you do this time, Angel?" "Ugh, one thing after the other led to them to finding Jimmy's bottle. I'm sorry, baby, I know you were supposed to give it to him on Friday." "I'm sure it wasn't your fault. Jimmy will understand, and you will have a story to tell him at the party," he said and winked. "You're sure?" I asked, not feeling completely reassured. "I mean, you know Banshee's been after me ever since I started in this stupid school, and if it hadn't been that bottle, it would have been something else." "Probably, but Banshee's a bitch. She's always been, so don't think too much about it." I looked down at my hands and started to rub them against each other agitatedly. "She threatened with suspension and a transfer. If she succeeds with finding enough dirt on me, I won't be allowed to graduate next year." "Angel, it's only a month since you started your senior year. Do you really think you need to worry about that now?" He turned his head and looked at me with those mesmerizing eyes of his, and I instantly calmed down. I smiled and sunk deeper into the comfy leather seat. "You're right," I agreed. This guy was the center of my world. I would do anything for him, and I knew he would do the same for me. His name was Edward, and he was twenty-two years old, a criteria alone that made him forbidden according to my parents. When I first laid eyes on him, he had been a senior at my school, and I had been a scared, flat-chested freshman. He hadn't taken any notice of me back then, and I hadn't dared to approach him because he'd had an aura of danger around him that scared me to the core, but at the same time, I couldn't stop thinking about him. It didn't take long for me to become obsessed with being seen by him, and I tried everything, but to no avail because I didn't look like his type of girl back then. I'd been rather mousy—gray and boring—but after crashing a senior party with my ex-best friend, Angela, I had found him, and the people he surrounded himself with, sitting on a couch in the corner. The girls around him had the same kind of dangerous aura, and I felt myself being pulled to them by an unseen force. I had slowly made my way over there, completely ignoring Angela's pleas to leave. We had already been there for hours, and she wanted to go home. She had grabbed my arm when we were just close enough for Edward and his friends to hear us. "Bella, I want to go home now!" Without hesitating, I had replied. "Go then. I'm staying." It had been the first step toward the demise of our friendship. When I'd turned back around toward my goal, he was looking right at me, and our eyes locked. His had darkened and the girl next to him leaned over to whisper something in his ear. I don't know what she whispered, but it caused him to stand and walk up to me. When he was close enough for me to actually smell him, my knees went weak, and he had to grab me so that I wouldn't fall to the floor. His smell was so intoxicating, and my heart was already beating a mile a minute because he saw me. "Are you okay?" he had asked, and I silently nodded, too intimidated to talk. "Do you want to sit with us?" My eyes had widened in disbelief. "Are you serious?" He'd smiled in response. "Yeah." I swallowed nervously but did my best to answer him as if it wasn't that big of a deal for me. "Um, sure. I'll sit with you." Edward wrapped his arm around my shoulders and introduced me to his friends, and that was where I stayed the rest of the night. Not once did Edward let go of me, and it was the best night I ever had in my life up until that point. That was also the night I truly began to change from the plain, mousy girl I had been my entire life. The girls of Edward's group started to invite me to hang with them. I got to borrow their clothes and found I was comfortable with the style. We went to concerts and I started my own collection of band t-shirts, but despite all of those good times, I always got the feeling that there was one part of the group's activities that I wasn't allowed to join, and it always happened in the middle of the night. At first, I'd been worried that my new friends were into drugs or something like that, but when rumors began to circulate in the city that they were an occult sect of some kind and that I was their newest member, I started to worry about something darker instead. Edward had somehow