The son of Metis soon arrive, And cause the godly reign to thrive The prophecy once again is nigh And soon the tyrant king will die. Mother?! Athena marveled to herself as she felt a presence enter her mind. She put her hand to her head and closed her eyes as Metis, her mother showed herself in the form of a young girl, wearing a paisley skirt and white shoes. Athena mentally bowed her head in deference, but otherwise remained outwardly emotive. Apollo looked over to Athena, having also received the prophecy, and knew that mother and daughter were currently having a mental conversation. Yes, my dear Athene! The girl said, smiling at her, with a crazed look in her eye. We will finally be respected by those foolish Olympians! they think they are strong? We will show them the true strength of the house of Metis! Athena scowled and rubbed her eyebrows. Apollo also scowled, as he tried to garner Athena's attention without mentally interrupting her conversation with whoever she was speaking to (her mother). Or at least that's what Apollo assumed, but he was interrupted by a thundering howl as Zeus clutched his head and began to roll around in pain, his breaths thready and unstable. All eyes turned to Apollo or Athena, Apollo for his medical expertise and Athena because she had been the result of the last event of this magnitude. Apollo moved over to the king of the skies' side and chanted a sutra next to his father's head, causing him to stop his horrible groaning and pain. He called forward Hephaestus and Poseidon to help him, he asked Hephaestus to grab his hammer and told Poseidon to hold down one of Zeus' arms. As the smith god swung his mighty hammer, getting revenge for being thrown from the heavens, Apollo looked up to Athena and shot her a look that demanded explanation. Athena sighed and made a psychic connection to Apollo. My mother has become pregnant again Athena said, looking down, abashed. With Kronos. I don't know how it happened, or when, but the boy is coming, and he shall be the final child. Apollo looked up from his position holding Zeus down and stared at Athena, his face slack as the news slowly sank in. Suddenly, with one final swing, a blinding purple light appeared, signaling the entrance of a new god. Instead of the grand spectacle that Athena was when she exited Zeus' head, screaming a war-cry in full battle armor, this god appeared calmly and meekly, lying prostrate on his stomach, unconscious. Zeus soon passed out as well, falling onto Hephaestus' barrel-chest, and then being unceremoniously dropped, flat onto his face. Knowing that Zeus would recover soon enough, and that the final child of a Titaness, and the Titan Lord of Time was higher on the priority scale, Apollo moved to provide medical aid to the new god first. As soon as Apollo put the cool metal of his stethoscope to the new arrival's chest, the previously prostrate boy leapt up and gave a quick yell, sending Apollo into early cardiopulmonary-arrest and causing everyone else in the throne room to jump out of their thrones. "Holy shit! That was hilarious! Ya'll were like!" Here he made a face, and mockingly replayed the assembled gods' reactions. Hermes was the first to recover, while Apollo was still unconscious and turning blue on the floor. Always the first to enjoy a prank, Hermes began laughing as well, giving the new comedian a round of applause. "It was like a bad horror movie! Think Psycho, plus like Paranormal Activity and then add the Saw, and you guys were like that!" "And plus, I think sunshine's dead." He said, gesturing to Apollo over his shoulder nonchalantly. He looked around the throne room as Hephaestus moved to Apollo's side, beckoning for Hebe from her place as cupbearer. As the mysterious figure's eyes fell on Athena they widened and a sly grin spread across his face. "Hello sister, it's been a while." Here, he paused, but as soon as Athena was about to respond, he interrupted her again. "In fact, when I last saw you, I was only about half formed, and you liked to stab me with your spear, over and over, and over again, using me as a punching bag." His sly grin faded, and now he stared at her without even a quirk of humor on his lips. "But hey, live and let live, right?" As he finished his speech, he passed out, and fell face forward onto the marble of the throne room floor. As he laid there, something strange happened, almost as strange as the original appearance. A small portal opened up and a fox slipped through the portal, seemingly a ripple spread across the air and the fox leapt through nimbly, and laid beside the now sleeping boy, and in the fox's jaws was a staff made of yew wood, sanded smooth with a shepherds crook at one end, and a metal cap piece on either side. "The boy's name is Perseus, but he is known by many names, sometimes as Loki, sometimes as Jester, sometimes Trickster, and even as Raven, but he is the god of treachery and deceit, and of heroes and time. He will be difficult to teach, and he will be rebellious, but once you gain his trust, he is invaluable." The fox said, looking up at the council, or what was left of it as Athena stared blankly at her hands in her lap, the full realization of the craftiness and cunning of Kronos' plan hitting her full force. Hephaestus had a god over each shoulder as he teleported to the infirmary with Zeus, and Apollo and finally, Hebe dragged Perseus. Hera was still in a bit of shock from the entire incident, along with Aphrodite, Demeter, and Artemis. Hermes was curious as to this new companion on the outside, but on the inside, he was begging and pleading that this boy could save Luke from his horrible fate. Dionysus didn't care, and Ares was too busy spurring on world war three to pay attention. If they had been paying attention, however, they would have seen Poseidon walking over to a dejected and despairing Athena, and pulling her into a hug. A sight that hadn't appeared since the fall of Greece, until now. Finally, after a few moments of a catatonic Athena, Poseidon picked her up and teleported away with her to the infirmary. "As the Queen of the Gods, I call this meeting to a close, you are dismissed." Hera called, still thinking through Zeus' next child, and the changes he would bring about. As soon as she dismissed the council, she too teleported to the place where she found herself most comfortable, her own palace, a private sanctum where she could let her anger, and sadness, and despair, her bedroom, with a godly sized bed, pillows made of downy feathers of pegasi, and a comforter that was sown from the winds themselves. Hera threw herself onto her bed and screamed into her pillow, kicking her feet into the mattress, so angry at all the crap going on that she was willing to let her façade of anger break for the first time in eight millennia, she cried. Hera was a strong and stubborn goddess, always one to fight for what she wants, but even she had her limitations, after Apollo, Hermes, Artemis, Athena, Heracles, and Perseus, and now, finally the little bitch Thalia, but this was the final nail in the coffin. Another child of Metis would undoubtedly be a disaster, what with the prophecy and the already growing tally of bastard children, Zeus was screwed ten times till Tuesday. Perseus is the child of the prophecy, and he will overthrow Zeus. Hera could never stand it, being thrust into the background, never to be heard from again, only to end like her sister, slowly dissolving into the background, fading, powerless. "Queen Hera, your husband wishes to see you, you are needed in the infirmary. It seems that he is awake again." A nymph, merdyl, was her name, stood hesitantly outside the queen's door, hoping that the queen wouldn't curse her for disrupting her "alone time". Hera stood from her place on the bed and caused the tearstains and dripping make up to vanish, leaving her skin unmarred, and unblemished. She opened her door and thanked the nymph, and flashed away. The infirmary was a busy place, even after Hephaestus had left, there was still a feeling of cramped discomfort. The infirmary was rarely occupied, because gods healed faster than mortals, and could usually heal themselves, but today it had three occupants, and one of them was the main doctor of the infirmary. In the first bed upon entering, Hera saw Apollo with a needle in his arm, attached to a tube with a bag of what appeared to be ichor on the other end. In the next bed was Zeus, with bandages covering his usually thick head of hair, and in the final bed, chained to the bed was Perseus, writhing and roaring in agony. His back arched and his eyes seemed to suck in light from around him, and he seemed to go in and out of godly form, unable to keep stable. In the chair beside his bed sat Athena, looking like she was about to cry, with shaking hands, she did the only thing she could, she wiped his forehead of sweat when his body relaxed and he dropped out of godly form. Nymphs flew back and forth, checking the vitals of all the patients, and bowing to Hera as she passed. She waved them on and beckoned to Aescipules, the god of surgeons and medicine. He hurried over, frazzled, and told her how all the patients were doing, as she stood, staring down at Zeus. "Zeus is unconscious, but he is stubborn, and will pull through. Apollo had regained consciousness, but is now asleep, completely wiped from his brush with mortal death. Perseus is imbalanced, not used to having to support his own power inside his body. If he doesn't balance out, he'll forcefully fade, and we'll be unable to resuscitate him." Aescipules said, looking at his chart, but his eyes flickered back to Hera. Hera looked down at Zeus with contempt, but she could do something about it now. "Is there anything that we can do to rebalance Perseus?" Athena asked, having overheard Aescipules' report to Hera. "Please? He's my brother, and he needs help." "There is nothing we can do. He is a titan in the body of a godling, without a viable titan that would allow him to take over his body, there's not-" Aescipules began, until he was disturbed by Apollo, who had only woken up to hear Athena's plea. "There is one thing we could do, but it is dangerous, and risky, and dicey, so we'll need to be quick." Apollo took a deep breath and stood up, moving over to Perseus' bed, sitting down in the chair beside Athena. "This is the first time we've ever had a chance to test it out, but I've been working on a theory that would guarantee the safety of a god's essence, but would reduce its power to zero. It's called essence separation theory, or EST. We would separate Perseus' essence into different containers, keeping him alive, but without keeping him solely in his body. I would suggest congregating his essence into his different spheres of control. Therefore, he could remain in control of them." "No! Let…Me! War…Need…Heroes…" Perseus called out, in fervor of shallow breaths. Athena stepped up to his bedside and placed her hand on his, seeking warmth in her newly discovered brother. "Athena…I…Love…" Suddenly, Perseus went back into a fit of seizing, as his back arched and his hand clenched around Athena's hand, and he began panting, going into and out of his godly