Perseus POV There was no way I could have been expected to see this coming. In fact, anyone who had seen this coming, I would've suggested a vision check for, or a brief stay at a mental institution. I wasn't a complete suck-up to the Olympians, but I was pretty loyal, so you'd think I'd get some points for effort, but: Nope! As soon as I got powerful, they got scared. They could have left me alone, but NAH! Let's poke it with sticks, or in simpler terms, they tested me. They made me jump through hoops, just to see how high I could jump. Please note, all you stupid people out there, the entire last sentence, was a metaphor. They actually made me fight to survive. They did testing and studied me, they even made up a calendar for me. Mondays, I'd be in the lab of Apollo, getting lab cultures done, and my brain scanned. Tuesdays, I had a date with Athena in the sparring hall, testing reaction to neural stimuli and attempting to detect enhancements in battle capability. Wednesdays, I had off, while Thursdays, I would spend being chased around all over the eastern seaboard by a pack of vicious, prepubescent girls in silver get-ups and wielding silver bows and arrows. Friday was a fun day for me. On Fridays I would get to wander around Olympus, and usually I would spend my day between Apollo, Artemis, Athena, or Aphrodite's palace. I'm not doing anything wrong with Aphrodite, you perv, but she is a bit lonely ever since Ares became a common sight in the infirmary, and I was good company since Hephaestus wasn't much of a companion. Unfortunately for me, or fortunately, today was Tuesday. I dodged Athena's jab to my chest, jumping back to avoid the side slash that she followed through with. Jumping forward with a move that I had seen in dreams, I swung my scythe sideways from the left, and reached out with my other hand to grab the edge of the scythe and locked her in a stalemate. I brought my knee up to her chest and locked it there, we were at loggerheads, her spear was useless at this close distance and I couldn't move an inch without dropping my knee and leaving myself begging for a crotch-shot. " I have a question." I said while we were in this position. "Why is it that all of these people that used to be my friend are suddenly acting like they don't know me? I mean, you and I used to be getting along fine…-ish. I mean we weren't BFF's but I genuinely liked you as a person, and now you keep pushing me away! why?" I asked, pleading with her to give me something to work with. I don't know why, but I think I saw her inner shields breaking for just a moment, and then she just put the shields back up and lashed out with a kick to my leg, and knocked me onto the ground. I jumped up and leapt backwards. I was angry now, I was pouring my heart out to her and she just used it as an opening. I leapt forward and slashed quickly at her defended left side and broke through her spear by loosing a kick with the inside of my leg, directly into my scythe, giving a second burst of power, breaking her spear into two halves and reducing her reach. I lashed out again at her spear side and pulled back at the last second, moving my hand up the handle of the scythe. I skimmed my scythe along the handle of Athena's spear and hooked the base of the blade and pulled back even more, ripping her weapon out of her hands. I couldn't attack her like this, it wouldn't be fair, so I gave her a choice. "Please, Athena, just talk to me." I said pleadingly. She seemed to break down, but only for a second, suddenly she was standing straight up, completely undefended. She tilted her head to the side and reached into her pocket, pulling out what appeared to be a remote. We made eye contact for a few seconds and I raised my eyebrow at her, but she waved me off. She pressed a button on her remote and said out loud, to no one in particular. "Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake, in the Key of E flat." And suddenly a song started up, surrounding me in a cocoon of sound, but it was just too somber. "Pttb! No thank you! How about, Monster by The Automatic Automatic?" I said, the same way that Athena did, interrupting her song midway. I smiled sarcastically at her and stalked forward to her, my smile taking on a more sinister tone. I would never, and I mean, never hurt Athena, but I was going to give her one hell of a scare. She summoned another spear and her shield Aegis which was beginning to lose it's effect on me. Athena met my charge with one of her own, but this time, she wasn't pulling punches. Or slashes , I thought to myself coyly as I pulled myself up from the matrix position, pulling my torso back as she stabbed at me again. I finally saw my opening and I took it. The pattern was slowly becoming more and more in sync with the music, and I caught her at the chorus. I pulled her in close, and just as we were about to be vertically cuddling, she whispered in my ear. "Meet me after the sparring match, not on Olympus, though. There's a group of us that disagree with Zeus' decision. We'll speak later, for now, we fight." She said, I was so happy that I did something that surprised even me, and I'm the one who did it, I leaned over and kissed Athena's cheek. I'm known for not thinking things through, but this was beyond even me. Then I jumped up and away, blushing horribly, I smiled hesitantly and threw my new sword in its sheath to the ground, it was only weighing me down. Athena's eyes flitted to the sword and back to me. I laughed slightly at the look on her face, she looked so contemplative, like she was staring at a chess board. "It's a beautiful blade." I stated. She nodded her agreement and proceeded to attack me relentlessly, she jabbed at me, and I jumped back, grabbing her spear on the last drum solo again. I pulled on the shaft and drew her forward, kicking her in the chest, not hard enough to kill her, but enough to knock her breathe out of her. I held on to her arm and pulled her close to me. I brought my scythe around her and made sure that she was in the same position again. I smiled at her and said very quietly, "I win, you can't distract me again." "You win." Athena said sullenly, I don't know why, but I hated seeing her like this so I let her go and jumped back, and released her. She stared at me flabbergasted, glared hard, and I smiled. "Don't patronize me Perseus." "I'm not patronizing you, I accidentally dropped your arm." I said, making her raise an eyebrow. "Oops, butterfingers! I guess that means you win." I said. Athena shook her head at me when I mentioned butterfingers and smiled at me like I was just being stupid. She transported away her spear and shield and picked up my sword, throwing it to me. I laughed and caught it. "Now what? Since I'm done with training today, would you like to go somewhere. I would be honored if you were to come with me to somewhere off Olympus." I said, bowing slightly, with a mildly hopeful look on my face. "Umm, sure, I guess." She said, and I thanked my lucky constellation she remembered about the meeting with my fan club or else she would have killed me for asking her out. "Of course, wherever we go, you're paying." She said straightening up and smirking. "Great, I'll meet you in five minutes at the elevator, and if you meet anyone on my fan club then if you would bring them along with you too." I said quietly. Athena stared at me strangely, and I realized that she didn't know what I meant by 'fan club'. "I mean, any of my friends, and see if you can get Annabeth, to come with you, eh?" Athena half flinched, half grimaced when I mentioned Annabeth. "Umm, Annabeth, she, umm, isn't really receptive to the whole, thing with you. Um-" I stopped her here, and interrupted her by saying. "Just say it, please, I hate it when people mince words." I said, frowning. I was on the verge of a panic attack when she cleared her throat. "Annabeth doesn't want to see you, she…hates you and, I fears she may be on Zeus' side." Athena said with a quiver in her voice. I was angry, to say the least, but I knew that it wasn't Athena's fault, it was my fault. I was going to talk to her about it later, but I knew that with Zeus watching, now would not be the best time. "Thank you, thank you for telling me." I said as I started to feel the tears fall down my face. I walked out of the arena and into the area that I was staying at. I didn't feel like walking, so I tried something new, something that I had only done once, hydro-port, or as that's what I like to call it anyway. I walked up to one of the fountains that Olympus seems to have so many of. I didn't know exactly how it worked but Athena said something about wavelengths and mass and stuff like that, I really wasn't paying attention. I jumped in and focused on the water around me and imagined a drain, a drain that all the water in the world was falling into, I then imagined coming out at the fountain in my palace, and suddenly, I was there. I changed out of my armor and noticed something strange in the mirror. I usually wasn't vain, but I looked to be getting leaner, trimming down. I'd seen Jason's change as he practiced with his fighting. He got bigger arms and a broader chest when he really pushed himself, while I seemed to get smaller, like I was all fat before. I shook my head, but the thought lingered, and I was doing way more than Jason did. I trained with gods. I fight Ares on a regular basis, and Athena, and Artemis, so how was I getting smaller? I finally cleared my head and started to get dressed. I put on a rugged pair of cargo khakis, and a T-shirt that said; The truth is out there, and a picture of an eye on the center. I had gotten the T-shirt from Rachel who had a friend that made T-shirts. I grabbed my London jumper and my tactical weapons, a deadly pen named Anaklusmos, and a switchblade that magically extended into a scythe with the words Amnesia etched in, which translated mean, riptide and oblivion. I don't usually use a shield, so I started my trek down to the elevator. "Took you long enough, Percy. What, did you decide you had to redo your makeup?" Athena asked me, teasingly. I decided that I would be the mature one and stuck my tongue out at her. She smiled at me, and I smiled back. "Let's go, I haven't been off Olympus in ages!" I said, putting my arm out. Athena roped her arm through and we stepped into the elevator. When we reached the ground floor I tipped the doorman and walked out the door. I didn't know where we were going so I gestured for Athena to lead the way