Look, I never wanted to be a half-blood, like, not even joking, ever! If anyone had asked me while I was a child if I wanted to be a superhero, I would have laughed in their face and said it's too much work. I was not good "the chosen one." material, in fact, I was voted by my class; most likely to sleep through the end of the world. So when I suddenly found out that I was the one of prophecy, destined to save humankind...Let's just say, that this planet was screwed! Now Percy, Percy was a good "chosen one", he was humble, strong-willed, quick-witted, powerful, loyal and empathetic to a fault, throw in his inherent good looks and his boyish charm and he was a dead ringer for everyday Clark Kent (I'd deny it if you told him), but unfortunately, he was born as this novel's sidekick/quirky-love-interest, instead of the hero he was meant to be, not interesting, but we all have our parts to play, mine is just cooler than yours. The two of us were just born with each other's. I would have been a better side character, much better. I suppose it all started when me and my mom moved to New York. Or at least that's my best approximation of when the shit hit the fan, because our first day there, my mother just so happened to drop dead. One second we were walking along the sidewalk, and the next second I was kneeling over the spasming figure of my mother, watching as her eyes slowly lost their reflective sheen and her mouth began to froth. I still hadn't registered that she might be dead when I was pried from her body by a pair of cops and softly hushed by a young, muscular yet still pretty paramedic. My mind was still rushing with thoughts of my mother's last words: "I miss your father." I stretched out my hand, grasping, longing for one final touch before she drifted into the night, and then she was gone, the zipper rose above her face, the black bag masked the corona of even darker hair that adorned her crown. "Goodnight miss, I'm looking forward to seeing you soon, along with your daughter." I looked up to identify the voice and was surprised to see a very cleanly dressed man in a black three piece suit place a dark purple rose on the body bag which contained my mother's body. He looked out of place, surrounded by panic stricken bystanders and near-manic paramedics who did their best to keep the peace as an autopsy van drove away with my mother. The black clad man looked up to meet my eyes and smiled coldly, his gaze was empty as if he weren't looking at me, but beyond me. "You would do well to run along little girl, I have many friends that would love to drain your eyes of their life, and I have such excellent plans for you." The man scoffed, his voice noncommittal, like he was just commenting on a movie he didn't like very much. I felt my eyes covered by a pair of warm hands and I looked up to see the paramedic looking straight at the man with hatred clear in her deep set eyes as she slammed the door shut. "Godwin, drive! Take me to Camp!" The driver apparently understood what she meant and put the pedal to the metal, gunning the engine and taking off out of the city. As we rocketed farther and farther from my mother, I felt a sinking feeling in my gut that perhaps the worst is yet to come. The paramedic leaned back and smiled at me, trying to lighten the mood. I gave her a look that told her where she could shove her pity and her smile widened. "You're going to do awesome at camp." I leaned forward in between the paramedics and looked between the two, Godwin looked like he played rugby and the woman looked like she could kick Godwin's ass. "I'm Susan, but you can call me Sam." "How is Sam even slightly related to Susan?!" I asked, my anger and despair finally slipping out, though misdirected into an imploring. "Why does Susan need to be shortened anyway?!" I might have yelled that. "When I first met Susan I misread her name and thought the last three letters of her name were '-sam', so I called her Sam." Godwin explained bluntly. I frowned at the bald black man and curled both my hands into fists, resisting the urge to throw a fit. I had been told that by the age of twelve, I shouldn't be throwing fits anymore. "Are you two kidnapping me?" I asked and Godwin snorted. Susan leaned her head back and forth as if to say 'kinda'. "So, you're kinda kidnapping me?" "No, we're definitely kidnapping you." Godwin responded, nodding affirmatively. Susan slapped him jovially and I was almost tempted to laugh. I felt like there was most definitely something going on between these two, they acted like they knew something I didn't. "We're taking you to a distant farm owned by an eerie old man and a drunk." "Shut up Godwin!" Susan muttered, closing her eyes and rubbing her brow. "You've reached the bit where you're getting scary, especially because it's true." I felt my stomach turn at all of the disturbing images my mind brought about. A drunk and an eerie old man, I'd have to rely on my years of training in tae kwon do to hopefully kick ass, either that or I jump out the back of the van and pray for the best. "I don't enjoy being called a drunk, you know?" A man behind me said. My eyes widened as I gulped, there wasn't supposed to be a man behind me, in fact, I was sure that there wasn't a man behind me. I slowly turned my head, staring back at a bleary eyed man, his eyes half lidded as he glanced at me for a moment before his eyes widened and he smiled an empty grin. "I prefer; The Drunkard. It carries more...finality." "Oh shit! We have a god alert, code 1! Olympian." Godwin yelled, reaching for the hand brake and pulling hard on it, completing a very successful power turn. He swerved into the shoulder and turned from his seat, revealing for the first time a chiseled chin and nose and dark, penetrating eyes. "I'm not going to kowtow to you, just cause you made grape juice bad for me, so you can take your godhood and shove it wherever you like!" "What's going on?" "The camp I told you about. This is Dionysus, he's infantile supervision." Sam said, holding her arm across my chest as if bracing for a crash. She then glared harshly at Dionysus and growled. "You're not going to touch her! The last person you influenced became addicted to showers! And anyway, don't you have better things to do, like create the next big designer drug?" "It's called Krokodil, look it up!" Dionysus retorted, snorting at Sam like a child. "Anyway, I'm here to deliver a message to you two; next time you come to camp, you need to stay, there's crazy stuff going on 'on high', and we want all our sheep in one pasture." Sam nodded and suddenly, he just wasn't there. I gulped, my mind still reeling from this whole new world that had just bad-touched my mind. Gods...Olympians, to be more precise, were coming after me, and my mum just got caught in the middle of it, and BANG!, she's dead, no two ways about it. My thoughts were still reeling as the ambulance pulled back into traffic and continued on it's merry way toward almost certain death. This was going to be fun. Perhaps if I ever escape I could just use all of this nonsensical jibber-jabber to get myself institutionalized. I hefted myself off of the floor and peered through the windshield, watching as cars whizzed past us. I could vaguely hear Sam and Godwin talking, but I lacked the energy to eavesdrop. Speaking of drop...the temperature seemed to be doing a lot of that. Dropping. My teeth began to chatter as soon as rain began to pour down on the windshield and the sky darkened. We continued zooming along the highway like Das Autobahn, all the while, a tingling continued down the back of my neck, playing the itsy-bitsy spider along my spine. Then came the crosswind. The ambulance never stood a chance. Gale force winds sent the box on wheels tumbling into the ditch on the side of the road, causing Sam and Godwin to be thrown around the cabin like ragdolls in a wind tunnel. "Oh...Shi-" Was all I could say before my head slammed against the metal wall of the back and blacked out. When I came to, I was staring up at the sky, wondering where the roof, or whatever part of the ambulance was on top had gone, and now all that was left was a giant furry hand with a palm the size of a dinner plate lowering itself in attached to an equally furry arm running with veins and rippling muscles. Run! A voice in my head screamed, but it didn't sound like one of my many voices. I was usually a girl when I screamed in my head. Is now the time?! I said 'RUN!'. "Yes sir." I muttered, my head still fuzzy as I wobbled to my feet and pushed myself out the back of the ambulance, stumbling out of the ravine and into the middle of the road, looking back, all I saw was a massive Goliath of a beast, it's top half was almost of hominid, but it's bottom half was the shape and size of a full-on bovine, hovering above the ambulance, rummaging around for, I'm assuming, myself. ROAR! The creatures body seemed to swell as his shoulders broadened and his head raised, he had horns the size of my forearm and points you just can't get from an electric pencil sharpener. It's head seemed unnaturally bovine as well, with a short, wide snout and a giant ring in its nostrils. "What Ho, young warrior!" A voice yelled from the top of the hill across the road, and as soon as I turned, I caught a brief glimpse of...something, as a burst of light exploded between me and the giant...thing. "I'm talking to you, you dumbass!" So I ran, but I didn't get far, only two steps before I felt my spinal column go click, as I flew through the air and landed on a bony lump of flesh, roughly human shaped. "Oh gods, that hurt." I heard the same voice from my head mutter before I felt him stir and wrap his arms around me, lifting me up through the murky haze as I was carried up a hill and back down, I made it to a small light, finally I could see the face of the person who had carried me here. His eyes were like nothing I'd ever seen, one was a verdant forest, alive with golden flecks that seemed to scatter and explode like tiny fireworks, while the other one was a royal purple, with azure snippets, talk about Americana Exotica. "Nice eyes…" I barely managed, my lungs feeling like they were full of lead. He tried to smile, but a blush spread across his entire face, making any attempt at playing it cool futile. Then I realized it, it made me gulp and I'm ashamed to say tears welled up in my eyes. "I can't feel my legs. I can't feel anything. Why can't I feel anything?!" "Shh...Don't worry!" He quickly replied, his gorgeous eyes wide as he tried to reassure me that despite what my brain was currently not feeling, I was going to be fine. He was telling me that I