Piper's words were scrawled on top of her collarbone, written in annoyingly perfect handwriting. Since they had appeared the day she turned thirteen, she had tried to find a flaw in the script, and was pleased when she did: the a's were all different sizes, compared to the uniform perfect letters. Unlike a lot of people, the soulmark had little meaning to her. She didn't obsess over the first words they were to say to her- she just moved on. She didn't bother to cover it up, though it was in a glaringly obvious to anyone who saw it. She didn't search for her soulmate wholeheartedly- she acknowledged it, but moved on. Her life was spiralling in far too many directions, and she wanted to keep things simple, for once. She remembered when her friend Annabeth met her soulmate, Percy. It was their senior year of college and they were running late each to their own respective classes, which happened to be in the same building. As Annabeth flung the door open to get into the building, she whacked Percy in the head, who staggered to the side and said "Mean swing. Jesus Christ!" while holding his head. Annabeth froze, then gaped at Percy for a few seconds. Piper called out from behind her. "This is Annabeth, she usually doesn't slam doors into people." Annabeth shot her a very Annabeth glare, then knelt down to help Percy, who replied to Piper. "I hope she won't make a habit of it, then." Annabeth choked out a few words, after a couple of awkward seconds. "Your nose is bleeding." Percy's face shot up towards her, suddenly arced in concentration. "Let me see it." Annabeth stared at him. "You mean-" "Your soulmark. Let me see it." Annabeth slipped off her backpack and her sweater, leaving her in a plain black tank top. She turned around and pulled her hair to the side, revealing the words written in messy writing. Mean swing. Jesus Christ! Percy stared at her like she was some sort of ethereal being, then extended his right arm and rolled up his sleeve to reveal in Annabeth's perfect cursive. Your nose is bleeding. The soulmates looked at each other for a moment. The moment was ruined when Percy winced in pain and Annabeth apologized profusely, and took him off to the campus nurse. Piper watched them go, feeling like she was intruding on some private moment and made her way off to class. And here they were, three years later, still the most perfect couple ever. Annabeth was Piper's best friend, but Percy slowly became it too, after the first month or so of Piper thinking Percy was stealing Annabeth away. They were awesome, but Piper didn't always want to be around a couple. No matter how amazing Percy and Annabeth's relationship was, Piper had seen soulmates fall apart, too. Her mother, who she had met twice, was the rare kind of person who had multiple soulmates. Lines of dialogue scrawled across her body, different first words. Piper's dad had been one of them. But the problem was, these people never stuck with one of their soulmates. Maybe they did, but Piper's mother sure wasn't one of them. They had a brief relationship in their twenties, and nine months later Piper was born. She always saw her father as a shell of himself because of what her mother had done. He was fine, after a while. But Piper thought her father was never quite the same as before. He would smile when he saw her, act like a great dad, but whenever he thought nobody was watching his eyes would darken. Lines settled into his face and he didn't smile. Piper didn't necessarily want her soulmate, but she didn't not want them, either. She had seen what they did to people. And she was sure she'd function fine by herself, anyways. She was used to it. After college, she moved to New York with Annabeth and Percy. Her father had been more than willing to pay for her apartment, as the couple had chosen to live together. Piper wasn't surprised by this, but she couldn't pretend she wasn't a little sad, too. All around her, people talked about the magic of meeting your other half for the first time. Most people found them in their early twenties, so by twenty-four, Piper was okay with not having found them yet. Maybe they met, and maybe they didn't. It wasn't up to her to decide. Lots of people never even found them at all. She did go on a few dates, and eventually she had a boyfriend for a while. His name was Alex, and his words were on his forearm. I'm going to go out on a whim here- you're seeing the new Disney movie? They were twenty three at the time, and going to the movies. When the clerk at the ticket counter had said those words, Alex's jaw had gone slack and he had turned to Piper. She just nodded at him, smiled, said Good luck and walked away. Piper turned around at the last moment to see him still standing there, talking animatedly with her. She cried for a little bit, but after a while she realized that there was no reason to. He was where he needed to be now. Piper had come to terms with it. She either met them or she didn't. And either one was okay. She didn't need a soulmate, either. She still had her friend Leo, who hadn't found his soulmate. They hung out together at Leo's engineering firm or his garage where he repaired old cars whenever Piper was burnt out of Percy and Annabeth or just wanted a place to go. She still saw her dad sometimes. It was hard not too, considering who he was. She saw Tristan McLean's face plastered around the city on movie posters, or whenever he came into town. Their meetings were awkward and rigid, but it was something. Piper didn't even think about her words anymore. It wasn't until she was hanging out at Leo's complaining about her boss, when he interrupted her. "What are your words again?" Piper frowned. She hadn't thought about them in … how long? She glanced down at her collarbone, and they were as omnipresent as ever. California. San Francisco, to be specific. They were general, but Piper was okay with it. She repeated the words back to Leo. "Why do you ask?" "Just wondering," he drummed a wrench against his thigh. "I met my soulmate, yesterday." Piper gasped. "And you didn't tell me right away?" He laughed. "Her name is Calypso. She came in to pick up something for her father, and it happened." Piper smiled at her friend. "That's great, Leo. Are you going to meet up sometime?" "Yeah. Tonight, actually. We're going to go to dinner in an hour or two." "Well, I'm gonna dash, because you have a date to get ready for, Valdez. Call me tomorrow and tell me how it goes." Leo thanked her and showed her out, but Piper couldn't deny the little twinge she got. First Percy and Annabeth. Now Leo. She kept telling herself that she didn't need a soulmate, but Piper kept glancing around at all of the happy couples, and she had never felt more alone. The weeks passed slowly, drifting by. At first everything hurt a little bit, but she realized her self pity was stupid, because all of her friends were so happy. She met Calypso, and liked her a lot. Leo was so much happier around her. Weeks turned into months. Piper started running again in the mornings, usually trailing her way through Central Park. It was cathartic, and she tried to do it as often as possible. Suddenly, it was her birthday. She was twenty five, and for the first time in a long time, Piper felt like she didn't need a soulmate. For as long as she had denied it, there was one part of her that always wanted someone. It's almost like she was a kid again, before the words became a part of her, and she forgot how good it felt not to have that following her around. Annabeth surprised her in the morning with coffee and pancakes. She didn't bring Percy over, and Piper couldn't deny it made her a little happy, because Percy was always around and it's nice to just have the two of them. They talked about the birthday dinner planned for tonight, at Piper's favorite restaurant with all their friends. When Annabeth left to go to work, Piper put on her favorite outfit and locked her apartment, meandering down to the subway. This morning, her words are easy to see to everyone who looks, and Piper remembered that for a while, she had subconsciously covered them up. She headed down the subway stairs and was about to slide her card when Piper saw a tall blonde man staring at the subway map in confusion. She'd never seen him before- but then again, it's New York City, and millions of people lived there. Piper didn't know what she was doing and she watched him for a while, a number of minutes, and he hasn't moved. Eventually she took pity on him, it's clear he isn't a local. She walked up to him and stared at the map he's trying to decipher. "You aren't from around here, are you?" "California. San Francisco, to be specific." His words don't resonate in her mind as she turned to him. "Where do you need to go? I can help you out." The first time she looked at his face is when it resonated with her. His blue eyes are wide and stared directly at her, and his jaw dropped open. His gaze lowered to her collarbone, and Piper stared as they traced easily over the writing. He stuck his hand out. "I'm Jason. Jason Grace." "Piper McLean." He shifted uncomfortably. "My words are on the side of my torso, otherwise I'd show them to you." She smiled. "Mine are out in the open." He didn't reply, just looked at her like he's drinking her in. The more Piper looks at him the more handsome he is, with regal Roman features and those electric blue eyes. She kept saying his name over and over in her head. Jason. Jason. He was the first to break the awkward silence. "It's great to meet you. It really is." Piper frowned. "Okay?" "I live in San Francisco," he continued. His first words to her flash in her mind and Piper remembered why she came up to him in the first place. "I'm here for five days, for a business meeting." Piper wished he hadn't said anything at all. She paused before answering. "Okay. I live here. I think you could tell that." Jason almost smiled. "How about I get your number? We can meet up sometime in the next few days. While I'm still here." Piper almost didn't reply. After a moment, the words tumbled out of her lips, but they don't feel like they're hers. "Um. Okay." Jason looked at her intently like he doesn't know what to say. Like she's a puzzle he's trying to figure out. They exchange numbers quickly and stand there for a second, suspended. "There's another thing you should know," he kept talking. "Because I don't know what's going to happen with this, so I want to go in open." Piper stared at him. She wanted to ask him not to say anything else, because he's already ruined this enough. "I have a girlfriend." Piper nodded. She'd perfected her poker face over the years. She knows that her emotions shouldn't be crawling through- jealousy and betrayal, from someone she's known for thirty seconds. "Okay. Let's meet up again and talk about the … logistics." She felt like a secretary, like she's arranging a business meeting. Piper wanted to crawl inside