It is the mid-summer of 1981. July 20th to be exact. The night air is balmy and tepid. A gentle cool breeze rolls off the water and dry's the perspiration trying to form on their skin. Three men stand on a beach and two kneel. If it were not for the applied Disillusionment charm any tourist out for a nightly stroll could stumble upon the five, or be drawn by the blubbering sounds of pleading and begging. The wind picks up and whips at their faces. "Stop it Cromais." The man demands curtly of his kneeling companion. His beady black eyes, looking even smaller due to his receding hairline, he stares straight ahead refusing to look over at his sniveling friend, or up at his captors. His harsh features remain impassive. His lips drawn into a thin line and jaw squared with defiance. Cromais, unlike his associate, is having difficulty holding his resolve. Using an old ratty handkerchief he sops up his tears. "P p p please." He stammers. "We have families too. We . . . ." His ally cuts him off. "Do not speak for me." He advises Cromais. Looking over at the man for the first time. "You are weak. The Dark Lord hates weakness." It is a warning. A reminder that if the two are to escape this situation they will still be contending with Voldemort's assessment of their loyalty. Cromais begins breaking out in a stress flush. He bites the bottom of his lip hard as if to keep himself from speaking. His pudgy form violently jumping every few seconds from a case of terrible hiccups. He looks the perfect definition of hopelessly miserable. "You have families?!" Scoffs the middle of the three standing men. Out of the three he is the tallest, and broadest, he stands feet shoulder width apart in an authority stance. "Did you think of any of your victims' families when you went your little murdering and torturing spree?" He stresses to know, his handsome feature contorting into anger and disgust. "Sirius Black , My oh my how far the apple has fallen from the roots of the tree." The man with beady eyes finally gives his attention to his captors. "Your grandmother is rolling over in her grave right now. You bring nothing but shame to your house, and cause so much grief for you poor cousin Bellatrix." His voice is laced with venom and disapproval and eyes full of contempt. "As you can imagine I am completely distraught about the whole situation, Augusthous." Sirius flippantly retorts sardonically. "Perhaps we can speak more about it later, in custody. You are coming in with us for further questioning by the Order of the Phoenix." Augusthous smiles snidely, revealing jagged coffee stained teeth, and presenting the illusion of a shark. His eyes slide over to Cormais who is looking as if he is going to be sick. "There is no other way." He quietly eludes to his companion. Taking this as proclamation of their surrender Sirius steps forward accompanied by one of the other standing men with untamed sandy brown hair and guarded eyes. Then several things happen simultaneously both kneeling men reach into their breast pockets revealing a small bright orange capsule. "I am afraid we will have to continue our conversation in death." Augusthous calmly states. Before the two apprehenders can react Augusthous and Cormais pop the small pills into their mouths and bite down hard. "NO!" Sirius shouts rushing them. It is too late both men are dead. The poison working instantaneously. "SHIT!" Sirius swears loudly running both hands through his long dark curls, pausing to roughly pull on his hair out of frustration. "We tracked them for four months!" He shouts to no one in particular. "Four months Remus!" He spins around to the sandy-brown haired fellow. Face and tone full of exasperation. "Halfway across the damn world." He swears through his teeth, leaning down and picking up a small stone from the sandy beach he chucks it with all his strength into the swell of the ocean. Remus's face is composed but his eyes are ablaze with the same furry that Sirius visually expresses. "If I may speak so boldly." His hushed voice the source of reason. "I honestly saw this exchange ending only in death. Cormais and Augusthous are . . ." He pauses. "Were smart men." He corrects himself. "Evil." Remus is quick to note. "But smart. They knew if apprehended, and brought in by the Order, they signed their and their family's death warrants. Better to take their own lives and die for their dark cause, then be detained and run the risk of looking like a traitor. Even if they did not give us any information they would never be able to convince the other Death Eaters they had not spoken. They and their loved ones would face heavy retaliation. In a very twisted way it was oddly noble. At least their families will remain unharmed." Remus looks down at the two men's limp bodies. His face full of sorrow. Remus despises confrontation, the war is taking a heavy toll on him. "At least their dead." Calls the third and final voice of the trio from behind them. Up to this point he has been content in observing. Sirius turns to acknowledge the short heavy set young man, with a squished face, and thinning hair, he looks much older than his age of twenty-two. "You need help getting rid of the bodies Peter?" Sirius asks genuinely. Peter shakes his head. "No I can appropriately dispose of them." Peter generally handles concealing the potential of any bodies from the Muggle world. The Order does not use the three Unforgivable Curses so it is rare to have a body to conceal. The only one curse, out of the three Unforgivable Curses, which a member of the Order ever preforms is The Killing curse, and only if the situation is dire and it is the last option. The Order of Phoenix does not condone dark magic or the usage of such unless performed in absolute self-defense. "Should we send an owl to alert the families?" Remus wonders sympathetically, waiting for the other men's input. Sirius shakes his head his dark curls bouncing back and forth. "Not right now. We will alert the Order first and then let them decide how to proceed." He makes the decision for the team. Remus nods in agreement and acceptance. "Whatever you say." Peter remarks indifferently. Remus looks over at Peter. "Are you sure you do not need any help?" He politely inquires. Peter shakes his head abruptly. "Yes I am sure. It is easier done alone, does not draw as much suspicion from the Muggles." Peter strides across the white sand towards to two men. "I will reconvene with you later tonight." Sirius nods, clapping Peter strongly on the shoulder in a gesture of gratitude. "Careful mate." He warns his friend of the perils lurking in every corner. "We are not from this part of the Wizarding World, keep a keen eye. We can rest tonight and then ready for the Trans-Atlantic trip back in the morning. We'll have to prepare a Portkey. The trip is too long to Apparate and flying is out of the question." With those final instructions the party splits up Remus and Sirius retreating up the beach and Peter going to attend to the corpses. Several hours later Sirius and Remus sit within the confines of an old tavern, bustling and alive with the chattering of people and the catchy tunes of dated music. It is beyond humid, the temperature outside coupled with the heat from the active bodies inside is making it sweltering. The two men are not used to this type of heat, being from England. The three had decided Florida in the middle of summer must be what the surface of the sun feels like. The condensation rolls down the outside of the icy cold pints of beer, which they are drinking, leaving rings of water around the bases of their mugs. It is a muggle tavern. The walls are littered with old bands and movie posters that people have written on. There is an impressive collection of neon signs advertising an assortment of beers. The walls are wood paneling and painted bright colors, however the years have dulled there hue, and the paint is chipping in places exposing the dark wood beneath. Remus and Sirius sit in the corner at a half circular booth. The vinyl is worn and split in some places, bits of the cushion are protruding. People have etched their names into the table. Sirius absentmindedly picks with his thumbnail at one of these names which has been grooved deeply into the wood. Remus looks around the bar eyes on alert. This many people in a small space makes him uncomfortable. Neither man has spoken. Sirius is the first to break the silence. "I used to play with Augusthous." Sirius states aloud. "I did not like him. We were not friends. But our families both being Pure Bloods associated a lot together. Around the age of four to eight I saw him probably a dozen times. That is not counting the parties and gatherings which the Pure Blood families would throw." He seems lost faraway. Like watching a movie play out. Sirius's family was a Pure Blood line of Witches and Wizards who were particularly up themselves. Remus always thought it was probably incredibly strange for Sirius. Like he has two lives. One he had before the first day of Hogwarts and one he had after the first day. He had now lived both those lives for the exact same amount of time. Sirius is twenty-two and Remus twenty-one. Their birthday's separated by just a few months. Remus knows what it is like to feel like two people, and be ashamed of one of them. This is and was always a very firm unspoken foundation for the two men's friendship. "He chose a different path." Is all Remus can think to say, he hopes it will provide some comfort. Not meeting Remus's eye Sirius gazes out into the bar responding. "That he did." Remus studies his friend's dejected face. Sirius is a handsome man. Long thick dark curling hair and black hawk eyes, set above high cheekbones, with a straight nose and full lips. His jaw is masculine and square, with an olive complexion. Sirius has always been popular with the ladies, although he tends to lose the popularity rather quickly after they realize he is not one to be tied down. During his stay at Hogwarts he caused quite the trouble with the female populace. However the man is loyal to a fault when it comes to his mates. It was obvious when they were children, at least to Remus, that Sirius was initially attracted Lily. Remus was never sure if James actually realized this. James is wonderful but self-centered at times. However when James made it known he was crushing on the young fellow Gryffindor redhead, Sirius never so much as looked in her direction again. Instead Sirius devoted his attention to helping his best mate James torment Severus, a boy who stood in the way between James and Lily. Honestly looking back Sirius should have just given James flirting advice, considering Sirius is quite the charmer, because the tormenting of Snape only served to upset Lily endlessly rather than drive her into James's arms. 'Alas this could all be easily explained: They were stupid back then.' Remus thinks to himself. Feeling a small smile tug at the corner of his mouth. Probably better it played out that way though. Lily is magnificent but not Sirius's type. Remus would have given it a week. Now James and Lily have married, despite James's idiocy, and have a beautiful baby boy. His name is Harry. Harry Potter and he will be exactly a year old in eleven days.