One Predicts a Riot There are two rules Lady Isabella Swan strongly abides by when it comes down to the beloved (read: disastrously catastrophic and painstakingly horrific) subject of courtship - and the subsequent marriage one is then forced to attend; alive, preferably. Although, in this fair lady's humble opinion, a funeral would be far more pleasing to the eye - even one's own would suffice. One: The marriage and its predecessor of courtship must categorically not be that of an arranged nature. Lady Isabella believes, quite naively one may add, that the percentage of happily married partners across the continents if one were given free reign, so to speak, to decide for oneself whom they wish to tie themselves to for the rest of their lives in the eyes of God. Unsurprisingly, she goes on to add, however, few of her fellow rich neighbours would go so far to agree with the lady's quite radical view on the matter. A terrible waste , she once noted. And, two: The lucky gentleman who has the fortunate pleasure to align the rest of their lives with the rest of Lady Isabella's over here must completely and irrevocably not be even one of the following: - Possessed by one's self; one would not be able to compute the quantity of potential suitors Lady Isabella has glared down at that exclaim over nothing except how much profit their businesses make annually or how many ladies they have fawning over them, drool all but dripping from their gaping mouths. One such occurrence happened wherein a particular unlucky soul chatted away for the better half of the morning about how he had his hair styled a particular, fashionable way. (Needless to say, he hasn't been spotted in any self-respecting lady's company ever since then.) - Arrogant. The word just says it all, Lady Isabella often remarks. - Highly-profitable businessmen. The Lady can not stand even the notion of the hypothetical insufferable gentlemen tittering away about how much more his high-brow business makes as opposed to her family's own. She lays claim that her reasoning behind her statement stems from the love for her family's business rather than a secretive, hidden streak of competitiveness; a trait most unbecoming for a young lady in this day and age. One, obviously, may choose to believe whichever option one prefers. - Smugness. - Stubbornness. However, in my very humble opinion, the deciding factor behind this results from the unwillingness in her own self to witness the characteristic that, arguably, is her most prominent. - An intelligence level below that of a crying babe. Lady Isabella often professes her desire to engage in reasonable tones of conversation with her chosen one . - Facial hair that converts the entirety of one's face into that of a mangy dog's. Although the fair maiden has humorously remarked on several notable occasions that perhaps, on the contrary, a nice dosage of facial hair to disguise the gentlemen's face may improve the quality of it, she understands that there is a limit. - Argumentative with a very distinct attitude problem. The last thing Lady Isabella wishes for is a suitor who possess a fondness for polite debating with her; least of all on trivial affairs. - A thick, heavily pronounced accent. Now, let me just point out that the young lady is not prejudiced against them. Not at all. It is just the small detail of being able to understand their sentences. The only accent Lady Isabella is fully able to decipher is French and that is primarily due to the fact that her Mother is natively French, which is where the lady learned the hard craft of comprehending entirely the gist of what her Mother was nattering on about. (Well, sometimes... ) (As one can no doubt tell from these two important rules she dictates her life around, Lady Isabella feels quite strongly about this subject.) And so perhaps that is why, as fate would ultimately have dealt it with the correct amount of irony to accompany it, there is a fairly tall fellow standing in the middle of Lady Isabella's dining room who, coincidentally, just so happens to take in all of her careful rules and regulations regarding this tender subject and then proceed to break every single one of them . As one might already anticipate, the fair lady was not impressed with this display. One would almost certainly be able to recall the exact moment in which all smiles died. When war was mere moments away from wreaking havoc amongst the Swan's most beautiful household and blood was only seconds away from being shed. Lady Isabella smiled. "Oh, my goodness, gracious me," she exclaimed dramatically, eyelashes fluttering with every syllable to escape from her parted lips, her two dress-covered arms flapping about all left, right and centre. "Mother, Father, please introduce me to this very fine specimen of a man." Her Mother smiled down at her precious daughter, deeply thankful that she had managed find a well-matched suitor to cater to her daughter's ever need. The last few attempts she had made were, well, simply catastrophic to say the least, and so she was immensely grateful that this particular gentleman appeared to placate her only child. Little did she realise, however, just how ill- suited both her daughter and this mighty fine, strapping young gentleman really were. But, not to worry, she soon will. It was Lady Isabella's Father who mustered up enough self-courage to take the brave step forward - and all in the good name of introductions. Needless to say, the man did feel slightly queasy, and that wasn't due to his very anxious nervous disposition. No. For the past three instances, Mr Swan had, rather heroically one must say, placed himself directly between his daughter and a perfectly adequate gentlemen suitor, it ended only in tears - on his part, of course - and so the poor man was bound to act just the tiniest bit nervous. One believes he has earned that right. However, one didn't anticipate the exact depth of his long-buried trauma. "L-Lady Isabella," he began - so far, so good , "i-it is with m-my ut-utmost pleas-ure th-that I-I-I intr-introduce yo-you to the-the good gentlemen st-standing he-here: M-Mr Edward Cul-Cullen, w-who, I am ve-very p-proud to ann-announce is to be-be your ne-new s-suit-suitor." He appeared to have struggled enormously with that last word, bless him. Mr Charlie Swan then proceeded, once his part was over and done with - thankfully with no major casualties this time; his nasty gunshot wound on his arm still flared up from time to time -, to all but shove the unknowing lady into the lean and very muscular arms of the unfortunate gentleman before grabbing his equally scarred wife and making a quick getaway over to the door, which he then promptly locked. For good measure he later defended. But, none of that before uttering at the very pinnacle of his lungs: "I-I'm too y-young and inte-intelligent and downright beautiful to di-die!" The distinctively cold sound of a lock snapping tightly and snugly shut filled the uncomfortable silence that had settled over the duo since her Father's unexpected outburst. (One would also not be able to comprehend the thick, heavy tension left over in the atmosphere either. If one was to attempt to cut it with the sharpest knife on earth, it would probably snap right in half without so much as a second thought.) "One was not aware one had affected one's parents that much," Lady Isabella muttered discreetly to herself as she began to pace frantically. If she were of a simpler mind, she would immediately cross over to the other side of the, frankly, enormous dining room - why, oh why, did one's parents decide buying a mansion was the best way forward? - and check in numb disbelief whether the door was, in fact, locked. But, she managed to refrain from doing so. She was British, for goodness's sakes; she would carry on. "You know, you're good at that," the gentlemen drawled in a thick, heavy accent - Lady Isabella had almost forgotten he even existed for a moment there, as testimony to her Father's small display of stage fright. "Not as good as me, of course, but still - it's impressive." Lady Isabella groaned. "You're American, one should have known." She paused from her pacing as the suitor's (read: terrible old creep serving as the bane of this fair lady's existence in such a way not unlike that of an awfully ugly stepsister) words finally washed over her. Almost like a cold shower. "What do you mean 'not as good' as you?" She quoted, her auburn eyes flashing in annoyance. "One is brilliant at the art of deceiving and is an excellent master of disguise." "Wouldn't that be an 'excellent mistress of disguise'?" He grinned at her fast-approaching rage. "And I wasn't aware that I was marrying a number. Whatever happened to the fair, notoriously devilish Lady Adelaide? Is she not available today?" "Like you would even know about that," she sneered spitefully in reply. "Besides, if you must know, one is busy preparing oneself for the moment wherein one is propositioned by one's handsome prince." "There is so much about that sentence that I do not understand." Mr Edward shook his head slightly, almost as if in mock-despair as the realisation of his situation has finally kicked in. "Now, you're practising to become the perfect royal for Prince...what is his name? Albert, Edward? What is it?" The lady let out an undignified squeal at the horrific suggestions. "No, no, no. Edward is now reigning as King following Queen Victoria's death and Albert was his late father. The King's eldest son is George V, the Prince of Wales. Do you not know of the year you are currently living in? It is 1905 and Prince George VI is one's heart's desire," she tailed off wistfully. "So I didn't know one thing?" He complained with a heavy sigh before his facial features morphed into a much more cheeky nature as a new tactic sprang to mind. "Ah, well," he whispered seductively as he crept slowly up behind the caged lady and made the somewhat daring move of wrapping his arms around her highly-strung frame. "I believe that when the time comes to take your rightful place beside me in the marriage alter and seal our two lives together, you can teach me all about the reigning monarchs of...oh, what is this country named again?" He tested the waters slightly. Just as strongly as one might have expected, Lady Isabella was quick to leap out of the man's arms and slap him harshly against his sharp cheekbones. (Although, one has to announce, one believes Lady Isabella was holding herself back with this particular suitor, although one has not found the reason why as of yet; one has no desire to reminisce on the last unlucky soul who had made the unfortunate attempt on the maiden.) "What do you think you are doing?" She shrieked at him, "And whatever does your tiny, tiny, tiny little brain mean when it says that one will marry it? One will accomplish no such feat!" Mr Edward simply smirked at her stubbornness. "But you will. I win everybody over. I just can't help it. Ladies fawn over me and gentlemen desire to be me." At that, he shrugged, "I do not know what comes over them." Lady Isabella burst into hysterical laughter at his false, arrogant choice of words. "You truly think that you stand a chance against one ?" She questioned with mirth once the onslaught of giggles subsided. "No, but I do believe that I have a fighting chance against Miss Isabella Swan over here." One would almost be impressed by the level of endurance Mr Edward Cullen was expressing as Lady Isabella gave him that Look; the one which, in previous stances in a time long