Disclaimer: I am not J.R.R. Tolkien! "The beacons of Gondor are alight, calling for aid. War is kindled. See, there is the fire on Amon Dîn, and flame on Eilenach; and there they go speeding west: Nardol, Erelas, Min-Rimmon, Calenhad, and the Halifirien on the borders of Rohan" -Gandalf, Return of the King Fire The room was chilly and the fire had burned down to embers when I woke, my eyes needing a moment to grow accustomed to the darkness of the room. All was quiet and my family slept, my three sisters in bed and curled up together for warmth; my mother and the babe in their own bed, though my father was absent and my uncle's bed empty. My father must have left earlier to relieve my uncle and take up the watch. Creeping silently from under the quilts and furs, I danced a few steps as my feet first reached the cold floor, scrambling into my clothes and old leather boots. The thick linen shirt had always been mine but the woolen tunic was once my father's, as were the breeches, while the boots and the cloak had been my uncle's. These were mine now, until I outgrew them, when they would become one of my sister's or perhaps the babe's. As I slipped out into the early morning air, I was grateful for their warmth. My mountain greeted me, it's peak scarcely 400m above me and the rest spread beneath me, the gray rocks, and green valleys, and blue lakes that I knew so well. I had been born on this mountain fourteen summers ago on a starless night when the air rang with shrieks of agony. My father too had been born on this mountain, and my grandfather, and his father before him, and all my ancestors stretching back to a time beyond the memory of our family when it is said that the founder of our line accepted the post from Cirion, Ruling Steward of Gondor, himself! From eldest son to eldest son is the duty passed, though sometimes it passes through the daughters. We are born on this mountain, we live on this mountain, and we will die and be buried on this mountain, from generation to generation, unless our duty is passed to another. Our great duty is merely to watch, as our ancestors did before, for a sign that it is said will one day appear. As eldest son, this will be my task, so while my sisters and the babe may one day leave our mountain for one of the villages nearby I know that I will never dwell elsewhere. When I was a child and dreamt of being a hero this was a struggle to accept, for what glory can be found on a single mountain where there are no great battles fought, nor any grand deeds to be accomplished? What renown can be won when there are none to know of one's honour or hear of their courage, even if a notable act is committed? Yet now I recognize that this existence, dull though it may seem, is not a poor one, and I have accepted the burden of it as did my father and his before him. For food we have the bounty of the mountain and whatever we might exchange with the traders; for company we have each other, those of the villages, and the garrison which dwells permanently with us and is similarly bound to our eternal duty. When I am ready to wed, and my father can spare me, I will go down to select a bride from the daughters of minor nobles and wealthy merchants who will be presented to me. She will return to abide with me, and keep my hearth, and share with me my duty until we pass it to our eldest son. In the darkness before dawn, I shook myself from my thoughts and went to fetch water from the stream. Usually swift flowing and somewhat treacherous, it had grown a thin coating of ice during the night which I quickly shattered. Plunging my face into the frigid waters, I drank deeply before filling my bucket and beginning one of the many trips that it would take for me to fill the water barrel that would hold all of our water for the day. Thirty-and-one trips it took to fill the barrel but I was finished within the hour and went to tend the horses. We have seventeen horses, six of whom are with foal, twelve of which are mares, three of which are geldings and two of which are stallions. Each day I must muck their stalls, feed them, groom them, and check them for soundness. Sometimes it is also my duty to exercise them, but often this falls to the soldiers or my second uncle, who lives above the stable. He is my mother's brother, and thus a mere villager, while we are nobles, though different than any others I have ever heard about. My family have always been nobles, though minor ones, but we have not been to court in over seven generations. My father is rightly Lord of Erelas, though I've heard him called so only once, when Grandfather died and he took the oath to watch and keep forever his post unto death, unless the world end or the king return and summon him. We are the Lords of the mountain, but we may never leave it for to do so would be to forsake our duty and become forsworn, traitors and lawbreakers who might be executed under the law. Now, unbolting the stalls and unhinging the gate, I let the horses stream through and roam the valley where they stay each morning. It is hemmed in on three sides by the sheer rocks of my mountain, and the fourth side is secured by the gate I now latch. Only the mares in foal are separated, being released into a separate paddock where they will not be disturbed. While they frolicked in the morning air I mucked the stables and set out the hay, measuring it carefully to ensure that they were receiving their daily amount and no more. Our supply would not be replenished until the traders came in high summer. When the sun crested the mountaintops I was finished and returned to the house so that I could break my fast. Adaliel, my eldest sister, passed me a plate with warm bread fresh from the oven, goat's cheese, and an egg, with ale to drink. I smiled in thanks before downing it quickly and packing a meal for my father. After considering a moment, I quickly snatched another egg and slice of bread, in case I should grow hungry later. My father waited for me on a ledge of rock, only 50m from the mountain's peak. Above him was my lowborn uncle, tending the wood that was our sacred duty to maintain while my father stood his watch. Greeting me with a weary smile, my father silently accepted his breakfast and, slightly grudgingly, I gave my spare food to my uncle. Grudgingly because now should I feel any pangs of hunger I would have to endure until noon. As my father and my uncle ate, I sat at the watch post and glanced east, ever east, for that was where we must look. Day after day, year after year, I would peer into the east after the rising sun and keep the post that our ancestors had sworn to watch. In the distant future, I imagined that such a task would soon become both bleak and tedious but for now, while it remained my father's burden, I felt the faintest stirring of excitement deep in my stomach and heard the echo of the words my mother had told me long ago when my father swore his oath in our ancestors' name. Brendil , she had told me softly, your father has sworn no small thing tonight, and one day you shall swear the same oath. I know that there will be days when you shall find your task hard and thankless, perhaps even idle, and you shall turn to despair. Yet you must keep your watch, and do your duty, for that is the pledge that your ancestors made in their own name and in that of all their descendants. You cannot escape that bond. Even so, child, do not lose heart, for this task is greater than you can know; given unto your line by Cirion, the Ruling Steward of Gondor! You are to be the watcher and the lightbringer, the one who guards the kingdom and sends word through the night of threatening danger. Do not look at me with such disbelief! What little you know of your mother's line, that you should doubt her words. For my father's mother was of Eilenach to the East, and her mother was born in the Drúadan Forest where yet strange powers are at work. There it is known that one day l ight will crown the mountains and fire awaken the horselords, and to battle they will ride to Gondor's aid. Through shadows and death will they pass, but the flames will burn through the darkness, and hope be kindled in the hearts of men. My mother's sweet words had been a healing balm for the child's soul that was wounded when he discovered that he would never leave the mountain to seek glory. Even now, when I was a child no longer, I held the words close to my heart and dreamed of seeing the sign so that fire might crown the mountains in light and the horselords could ride to deliver Gondor from her enemies. Straining my eyes as I gazed ever-east, I looked for the awaited sign. But, as it had been every time I gazed before, the sky was empty, the peak of Nardol white and barren. The excitement died and, when my father was finished his meal, I ceded to him the watch before scampering down the rocks and back to the stable. There were still the horses to tend to, and my lessons to attend, and doubtless my lady mother would have more chores awaiting me. I was a lord's son, but I was son of Erelas, and the mountain demanded a life of duty. At dusk, when I returned to the ledge to relieve my father's brother and take my shift on watch, I was weary and longed for bed. The night was chilly, the air even colder than it had been in the morn, and I yearned for the warmth of my down quilt and furs. Instead, I had only my cloak for warmth, my knife for protection, and my pouch, in case the sign should appear. Four hours of lonely boredom awaited me before I could make my way to my bed which beckoned. In spite of that, as I took my post and glanced down at the world spread out beneath me, I felt again that quiver of anticipation and swelling of hope. Perhaps the sayings would come true. Perhaps the sign would appear, while I was on watch, and it would fall to me to complete the great duty of my house. Perhaps, in that way, I would gain the glory I had desired as a child. And throughout the stories of our family, passed down from generation to generation, my name would be remembered and acclaimed: Brendil, son of Brendor, who had crowned the mountain with light! All of these dreams tumbled through my thoughts and eagerly I glanced east at the sky. But, as before, Nardol was bare and lifeless, and at once my hopes shattered, scattering on the wind. I was a man now, and could no longer play games like a child, nor desire lofty dreams which would never occur outside my imagination. Just as I would never travel to distant lands, nor fight in great battles,