Disclaimer: I am not J.R.R. Tolkien! I borrowed the term 'krigsherre' from A Diamond in the Rough. "Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you. For everyone who asks receives; the one who seeks finds; and to the one who knocks, the door will be opened" -Priests of the Hidden Temple Prologue Pallando, now known as Rómestámo, one of the Blue Wizards, servant of the Vala Oromë, stared into the fierce winds that were raging outside of the palace. The winds were fierce enough to pluck weapons from the hands of their wielders- not that any weapon of mortal make could do anything against this threat. Outside, raged the greatest sandstorm in twenty-one years, and the closest one ever to the palace. It was a sign of the high skill of those who had built the palace that it was still safe because advancing upon it was a solid wall of sand that could strip a man to the bone and bury him. It was as if the sky and earth were screaming their anger. Inside, the krigsherre was in the most solid room of the palace, praying desperately to the Lord of Gifts. Already, over a dozen Haradrim had been sacrificed and as the bell tolled mournfully once more Pallando knew that another had just died. What an awful, barbaric custom, to make human sacrifices in the hopes of controlling the natural world. Beside him, hand clenched hard on the hilt of his scimitar, was Alatar, known nowadays as Morinehtar. Alatar was tall, far over 6ft but not quite 7, and he had tanned skin- proof of the many hours he spent outside. Among the Istari, he looked the youngest, and though his hair had stands of silver it was still a dark brown, nearly black. His beard was short but full and his body was muscled. He was a warrior, skilled in the use of many weapons. "He is mad", Alatar screamed above the rising winds of the ever-approaching storm. "You cannot placate or control a storm by killing people! Winds and sand do not care about sacrifice! Besides, if their Lord of Gifts was capable of controlling the elements like this then they would have conquered Gondor, Rohan and all the Free lands years ago!" Pallando said nothing in return for there was nothing to say, he agreed with all that had been said but he could do nothing. Laying a hand on Alatar's wrist, he tried to calm him. "You cannot kill him, Alatar", he warned. "It is not our place and would destroy any good we have the hopes of achieving here". With a low curse in Quenya, the scimitar was released and Alatar clenched his teeth. "What do we do then, Pallando? For I cannot stand here and do nothing!" Out of the two, Alatar was also the one more prone to impulsive action. He could often not stand to watch the innocent suffer. "We must call for aid", said Pallando wearily, expecting the protests that were sure to follow. "We cannot", retorted Alatar as expected, "none of the others will have sought aid! Are we less capable then they? Curumo will not have called upon the Valar!" "I am not Curumo, now known as Saruman the White, and neither are you", snapped Pallando, stress, fear and annoyance making his usually mellow temper flare. "We are the Ithryn Luin and we were granted less power than the others", he said honestly. "Besides, our mission was very different than theirs!" "But I would not have us fail in our mission. Our powers are divided, but individually superior. Surely, we can complete our duty just as well as they", said Alatar desperately for he had picked up many human traits in his years travelling through their lands, among them pride. He did not want to seem weak, nor did he wish to disappoint Oromë, his Lord, whom both he and Pallando revered. "The others are not trying to fight Sauron in lands that he has already conquered! The others are not staying in a palace where their lives are threatened every day as they try to limit his influence! The others do not have to put up with a mad king who commits atrocities nearly every day yet who they must allow to live despite not wanting to! "We cannot resist this darkness alone, Alatar. Here in the South Sauron is particularly strong and we must do anything necessary to diminish his power- including call for aid. Especially now, when our greatest and most powerful ally has been missing for weeks." At the last argument, Alatar bowed his head in a gesture of respect and sorrow. "Very well", he said. "We shall call for aid." Truly, he knew that they needed it. They were in a country that had already been taken by the Enemy and where the ruler supported Sauron. They must not be banished or sent away by the ruler, known here as the krigsherre, but they also needed to resist the Deceiver. It was a dangerous game that they played, one which they had played now for twenty-one years. Soon, they would have to return to the East which was rising once more but before then they had more work in the South. At first, they had been reviled and rejected for they were in a country that loathed foreigners. But, through layers of carefully placed deceptions and seemingly helpful advice, they had finally managed to gain the respect if not trust of the krigsherre. Alatar, using his fighting skills, had quickly proved to be a warrior without equal- at least among the mortal warriors of the South who, frankly, usually died before they could fully develop their skill. Pallando was gifted in wisdom and counsels- and if he was less wise and learned than either Olórin or Curumo than that did not matter here in the South. Here, Pallando was by far the most learned man. The bell tolled again and Pallando closed his eyes in sorrow while Alatar felt his own blaze with fury. Over a dozen men killed to satisfy the fear, pride and desperation of one man who Alatar furiously wished was dead himself. Why was it that the one man he wished to kill was the very same one he was forbidden to? Why did so much rest upon this man living? True, he was a ruler, but here in Harad's court rulers and nobles were killed all the time by either poison, duels or assassins in the night. Alatar would be happy to kill the man himself if it came to it, by any one of those methods or even a combination of two or more! But, as he had been warned countless times, too much depended on this man and Pallando had said that a sign from Oromë had strongly advised that they let him live. He was strongly regretting having agreed to do so! At the next toll of the bell, Alatar fell to his knees at the palace window. "Enough", he screamed, his voice filled with pain, and fear, and anger, and a sudden note of command. It did not matter that he was commanding a storm and that such a thing was clearly impossible, it did not matter that he had no authority over the winds and sand. He was tired of death, he was tired of standing aside and he could not allow anyone else to die because of the tyranny of this ruler. He cast aside his scimitar and knelt, flinging his spirit wide open and feeling the Light rise within him as he cast away his disguises and was revealed in his glory. He knew that his power in the Unseen world was now shining through in the Seen one almost as if through a veil. He knew also that this was completely unadvisable and Pallando was likely going to murder him later and that this would certainly attract the gaze of Sauron. But, at the moment, he did not care. He could not allow another to die. "Eru Ilúvatar, all-father who created all that was and will be, hear now the prayers of your humble servant, I beg thee", he said with his eyes closed, reaching out his spirit with all his strength. "Tame the storm and call it back, still the sands and let them lie. I ask this not for myself but for the innocents who are dying because of this storm. Save them, my lord, I beg you, for such a thing is beyond my power. We are in your hands, my father, now and forever". When he opened his eyes Pallando was looking at him in a mix of anger, amusement and exasperation, the anger clearly because he had done something so impossibly rash and potentially dangerous. The amusement because he had acted for good reason and because Pallando found it reassuring that he had such confidence in Ilúvatar. The exasperation because such impulsive action was typical of him when he was stressed and angry. But then, before Pallando could say a word, the desert changed. It began in the West, a gentle wind that should have been merely a part of the coming storm but was instead totally distinct, bringing with it cool air, the faint scent of the sea and the gentlest echoes of music, beautiful but just out of earshot. It blew towards the storm you could see the difference, the way that it parted the wall of sand, pushing it away from the palace. But no, pushing wasn't exactly right, more as if it were guiding it. Slowly at first, then increasingly faster, the storm turned around, now moving away from the palace. The roar of the wind was fading, the flying sand disappearing over the horizon. What had seconds ago been a churning wall of sand, merely a few hundred meters from the palace, was now a shadow in the distance, getter further every second. The wind died, the desert calmed and now the scene from the window was very different. Beneath them was only calm sand and the empty desert, a light, warm breeze drifting across the sands. Pallando stared at him in amazement as he bowed his head once more, still on his knees. "Thank you, Father", he said, the words coming to his lips smoothly but feeling strange. How long had it been since he had asked the aid of his Father? He took it as a sign. Ask for help and it shall be given, call for aid and you shall be granted it. He needed to set aside his pride for they needed aid. Standing, he retrieved his scimitar and turned to Pallando. For a second, he said nothing for he had no clue what to say. I'm sorry, I know that was wrong but I do not regret it? Finally, I have some hope for the first time in months? I am overjoyed to hear from Father? Do you forgive me? All this he thought but none of this did he say. Instead, he said only one thing, "Pallando", and could not say any more. But it did not matter for Pallando understood. "That was unwise", Pallando said quietly, "but I do not judge you for it as it was far more wise than charging in and killing the krigsherre which I sensed both of us longed to but neither of us dared. If revealing yourself and your Light attracted the gaze of Sauron then so be it, it was bound to happen eventually and our activities could not have stayed secret for long. "There is little that the Enemy can do now to hinder us and, frankly, I doubt that he will bother right away. He never had much respect for the Blue Wizards after all and it will be plain to him that while that was your Light,