Summary: She was unlike any other human they had met. Was she mortal or was she elf? She had the physique of a human girl-child barely on the cusp of adulthood, yet the languages of the Old Firstborn tripped fluently off of her tongue. Better still, she claimed to be the daughter of the Noldor and seemed intent on driving Glorfindel mad. Disclaimer: I own nothing that the estate of J.R.R. Tolkien lays claim to and am making no monetary profits out of this. Author's Note: So I'm supposed to be studying and writing research papers and getting ready for examinations. Or, barring all the insanity that law school bring, updating my other fics. However, I was (at the unfortunate hour of four in the morning) hit with a very strong urge to begin this story and so here I am some 16 hours later. I feel obligated to warn all of you that the original character protagonist here seems rather Mary Sue-ish, even to me, at first instance. But the girl my whack imagination has dreamed up is, most assuredly, flawed (and no I don't mean in the she-has-an-incredibly-sad-and-emo-past-and-thus-has-trauma-and-trust-issues way). I am also grappling with the odd writing style my brain seems to have adopted and the fact that this is my first LoTR fanfiction. I am not a fanatic so any errors have to be pardoned, pointed out and pulverized. I beg forgiveness in advance. That said, I hope you enjoy this rather strange tale that I have begun to spin. This is predominantly a romance served with the side dishes of adventure, family, drama and some humour (I hope). There will be a twist or three that some of you will hate and others may enjoy. Feel free to review, to flame, to tell me how much you hate (or love) me. I will take it in my stride the best way I know how to and use it to kindle the flame of enjoyment that writing brings. Also, this is (hopefully) the last A/N you'll see from me in this fic. Reviews will be responded to via email where possible. Enjoy! Chapter One: Stranger from a distant land Year 15 of the Third Age, Iavas (Early Autumn) It was a battlefield that they had come across, riddled with the bodies of orc and man alike. In the midst of the carnage, four figures stood back to back, surrounded by a circle of advancing menaces. The air was filled with a tense and fearful silence, broken only by the harsh pants of the few survivors as they stared in helpless terror at the grotesque faces before them that spelled a certain death. One of their number uttered a hoarse prayer, to the evident amusement of the monsters who mocked them with leers and guttural laughter. Then, without warning, the smallest of the four lashed out with a blade, knocking over the nearest orc after slashing its vulnerable neck. An unlikely battle cry sounded, soon drowned out by the determined yells of the other humans who leapt forward as if on cue, weapons raised and aiming to kill than to be killed. And yet the initial cry rang loud in his ears, long after it had been muffled by the desperate yells of men as Glorfindel suppressed the shudder that curled in his lower back and crept swiftly up his spine. Raising his sword with one arm, he gave an unspoken command and his company of ten warriors drew taut their bowstrings. "Fire with care," he ordered, placing utmost trust in their abilities to seek out the enemy with their arrows while leaving the innocents unharmed. Their aim was true and it was with grim satisfaction that the golden-haired elf watched the dark figures join their kindred on the ground, each one hitting the hard earth with a loud thud. Those that the elven archers did not kill, the humans quickly took care of. Just ten minutes following their intervention, silence once again descended upon the deserted road. This time, it was broken by the despairing wail of a survivor who fell to his knees and began bemoaning the loss of his kinsman. Two of the remaining three were quick to share his grief but the last of the group – the one who had launched the first attack and the only hooded one – merely surveyed the damage, his back to the elves that stood but fifty meters away. Allowing the company to lower their bows, Glorfindel watched the curious figure with narrowed eyes, quirking a fair brow as it tugged one of their arrows free from the sickening flesh of an orc to study it. The arrow was replaced after a moment, almost gently, onto the ground, before the person started the walk forward and away without nary a backward glance. Immediately, the Imladris guards tensed, ready to leap forward at his command. But the elf lord merely issued orders to aid with the cremation or burial of the dead before spurring his steed forward and taking only one of the guard with him. "Halt," he called out twice in the common tongue, his voice ringing across the deserted road. But still the figure pressed forward, unheeding, until Glorfindel cut into his path and blocked it off with his horse. With the sun behind him, the tall elf loomed over the figure who seemed much smaller in stature up close and was startled (though he would not admit to it) when the vivid green eyes of a female met his own piercing one unflinchingly. "Why do you walk away from us?" The hooded head tilted to the side, like the bobbing head of a curious bird, as she regarded him thoughtfully with a slight frown to her brow. "Will you not answer me?" He demanded after several moments of silence, pitching his voice in a low and threatening tone. The girl was mad if he thought he would simply let her walk away after engaging in a fight so close to an elven sanctuary. Had she stayed behind to help with the dead, he might have dismissed her with the surviving humans, perhaps even after offering them a night of hospitality in Imladris. Now, however, her behaviour was too strange to let pass. But still she stared at him, with that perplexed expression on her face, even as she huddled slightly into the material of her worn travelling cloak as though she could hide away in it and disappear until he had left. "… Ú-hanyanyel… " she finally expressed, biting down on her bottom lip when Glorfindel intensified his glare. A glare that swiftly melted into a closed-off expression as the golden-haired elf digested this new piece of information. I don't understand you. It was a tongue he had not heard for centuries, save for academic discourse which several elves tried, and continued to try, to impress him with. " Quetilyë Quenya? " You speak Quenya? It seemed a daft question for both her battle cry and reply had been in that dialect, but she did not mock him for it. Instead, a small smile lifted the corners of her lips as she responded affirmatively – Náto – and inclined her head in what could only be a respectful nod. The hood fell across her forehead, and she pushed it up slightly, though not enough for her hair to be exposed. Glorfindel's lone companion had stiffened in his seat upon his mount when the girl uttered her first words, but now stared in open curiousity and bafflement at the girl who spoke in an elven dialect that had fallen out of use almost an age ago. She looked young, perhaps no more than twenty-five summers, and lacked the build and aura of an elleth. Surely she was of the Eldain . Yet the very words she spoke said otherwise. " Ma esselya ná? Mallo nalyë? Man nalyë sinomë?" Three quick questions, asked in rapid succession. What is your name? Where are you from? Why are you here? The girl laughed, a cheerful human sound quickly stifled behind the material of her thick cloak. She ignored his first two questions but answered the last readily enough. It was a simple tale, really. Travelling East along the Old Forest Road towards the mountains of Mirkwood, she had chanced upon the band of orcs who had ambushed a travelling party of merchants. Naturally, she could not leave them to their doom and had charged (foolishly, she admitted with a trace of sheepishness) straight into the fray. " What little skill I have I have offered, " she lamented with a regretful sigh. " Twas not enough. It pains me so for fragile is the human life." Glorfindel nodded his acceptance of her tale, noting that his men were starting the pyre even as he continued his study of the girl. " Your actions are honourable. But I'm afraid I cannot let you leave thus." " Why?" " You are a stranger. And we are still coming out of dark times, " Glorfindel responded frankly, ignoring the guard's restless shifting on his horse. " Failing that, it goes against my honour to allow a maiden to roam the lands alone, so soon after a skirmish with the yrch." That expression of open perplexity was back, and it seemed that she found his words somewhat consternating as a torrent of questions and arguments spilled past dry lips to counter Glorfindel's apparent wishes. So what if she was female? Had she not been travelling the lands by herself the past decade? She was, most assuredly, a capable fighter. Had she not already proven so? She had no intention of even setting foot into Imladris, would he manhandle her into going? Was she a threat? Did she look like a threat? A slight girl who stood only to his chin? Was she to be guest or glorified prisoner? It seemed like she cared very little that she was contradicting herself, and Glorfindel's guard could not help the amused curving of his lips. He knew very little Quenya, and barely understood the gist of the words being exchanged between his fair Captain and the queer woman-child. Glorfindel, however, was as unmovable as the Misty Mountains and the girl soon caved, albeit with a frown firmly in place. "Ú merinyes," she stated, somewhat sullenly as she turned to take a look at the grieving men amidst stoic elves. " I do not desire it. But since you insist so adamantly, I can do little but follow you and prove my trustworthiness as you see fit." Satisfied with his success, the fair elf lord nodded and swung his faithful steed around, leaving the exasperated girl with his soldier while he saw to the rest of the clean up. She had evaded a few questions of his today, but there were plenty more where those came from and she would find ignoring them a rather futile course of action in time to come. The guard-turned-escort offered a hand to the girl, gallantly hoisting her onto his horse before retracing his Captain's steps. She said nothing to him, murmuring faintly under her breath in a strange language that was neither Quenya nor any other tongue he had heard before. Three men and one girl had settled into Elrond's halls, partaking gratefully in his hospitality. Few elves, however, caught sight of the Secondborn guests, for they chose to remain in their rooms for meals and never ventured far beyond their doorway. They were grieving, it was said, for two and twenty of their number had perished at the cruel hands of orcs. Beyond providing them with food, baths and lodgings, the elves saw no reason to interfere with their pain. But on their third, and last, day there, Elrond sent a chambermaid to their rooms to inform them of his desire to see them at the evening meal for there was to be songs sung in remembrance of their