Preface: Summer 2012 Forks, Washington The light of the sun flickers through the forest as the clouds part to make way for the beautiful blue skies. Silence reigns over as nature from all around blooms. Animals are grazing the grass peacefully. The forest is a heavenly delight. And the temperature is warm and perfect. As the animals graze through the forest, they are suddenly startled by the powerful sound of running feet. The sound cuts through the wind. Someone is running in a vibrating blur; unable to be seen by human eyes if there were any present. The sunlight bounces off their skin as they pick up speed; causing near chaos with their amazing velocity. A cliff comes into their line of sight. But this doesn't stop them from running. Instead, they leap across impossibly and lands perfectly on the other side on bended knee. The person hides their face in their long dark locks as they stand; dressed in nothing but a black shirt, black jeans, and black shoes. Their fingernails are painted black and red. " For centuries, I've lived my life by the act of Nihilism. I was taught that life is about survival. You either adapt or die. That is what my creator taught me. He taught me that I couldn't trust anyone, not even those close to me or to my heart. And I believed in his very word. I portrayed my immortal life as a monster; a monster who plagues mankind in order to satisfy his most desire by gorging himself in the blood of the mortals. I've been that way for centuries...but that soon changed." The person brushes part of his hair back to reveal his pierced ears with diamond earrings. His skin is chocolate as the sunlight beams against it, making it gleam radiantly like expensive diamonds. His eyes consume liquid crimson. He's young; his perceptual age is of at least 16-18 years old, but appears slightly older due to his athletic structure. Something catches his attention. He slightly turns his head to see a mountain lion ready to pounce. But before the predator can react, the vampire bares his deadly sharp teeth and attacks with unnatural speed. A deadly snarl escapes from the vampire's lips as the sound of bones crushing comes to his ears. The mountain lion is now dead with its throat ripped out as the vampire stands with blood drooling from their mouth. " My hatred for humanity, including my own, came from the sudden death of my family. My creator, Dragan, saved me that very night and he soon turned me into an unstoppable predator...an apex predator, who stood at the top of the food chain. As a child, vampires were nothing but folklore; a bedtime story to scare little children at night. But I knew of the possibility of the myth being real thanks to my mother, who possessed a little secret of her own...a secret that was passed down to me. The vampires were seen as demons who feasted on the blood of mortals and I am one of them. Everything that my maker had taught me led me to nothing, but shame and a lesson that no other vampire can forget...sometimes being an immortal can be miserable. It is up to us to find the perfect happiness. But here's the question: How does a vampire like me find happiness despite the horrible sins I had committed throughout time?How can we find peace, forgiveness... closure ?" "Alex?" A female voice says softly to the vampire as he cleans the blood from his lips with his tongue. He turns around and a smile shines on his face. It's of pure happiness. " How much are you willing to sacrifice for peace and true happiness? " (….) Prologue: Spring of 1312 The Balkans, Bulgaria The full moon beams beautifully across the mountains and the meadows. The night is silent. Many people are fetching for water, firewood, and making supper for their families while others are sleeping in their village homes. There are six young children who should be asleep, but are running around, playing and hiding from their parents or relatives. Some of the children are being called to come inside and they obey their parents' command; all except two cute little girls around five-six years old. Both possess light bronze skin, long silky dark hair, and hazel eyes that sparkles in the moonlight. They are identical twins. They look so much alike in every way. Both girls run and giggle, trying to chase after one another while heading to a large house in the village that is bigger than any other house. They play in the meadows near the home and tackle one another, laughing and having fun. A young woman in her late teens approaches. She's in the playing mood as both sisters tackle her to the ground. The moonlight dances around them in the night. It's peaceful. "Vie dvamata ste tolkova glupavo." The young woman giggle, calling them silly. " Zhulieta?" Another woman exits the well built home. She's in her mid 30s with dark bronze skin, long dark hair, and gorgeous features. She calls for the teenage woman now known as Juliet . "Carissa, Katrin, vieze vutre za vecherya." The woman calls the two little girls, Carissa and Kathryn . The little girls run inside their home as Juliet approaches the unnamed woman. "Aleksandur?! Aleksandur, vecheryata e gotova!" The woman calls someone in for supper, but they are nowhere to be found. "Toi veroyatno mech igrae otnovo." Juliet says to her, knowing her cousin, Alexander, is in the woods. "Mozhe li da go nameri I da nosyat vkushti za vecherya." The woman asks if she could go find her cousin and bring him home for supper. Kathryn and Carissa run back out of the house laughing. "Nie shte go namerin maĩka." Carissa tells their mother that they'll go find their brother as both girls run into the forest. Juliet laughs while Helena just smiles and roll her eyes. Another woman in her seventies comes outside, hollering at the two little girls to come back and wash up for supper. "Katrin, Carissa, vŭrni se tuk I se izmiya!" Their grandmother says. Juliet goes running after them. Suddenly, a handsome man in his late twenties with pale white skin, short bronze hair, and green hazel eyes exit the house. He snakes his arms around Helena's waist and kisses her on the back of the neck. Helena beams. The two of them are happily in love with one another as they snuggle closer. The man Helena loves massages her small pregnant belly. "Vecherya mirishe strakhotno. Kide e Aleksandur?" The man questions as he still places a trail of sensual kisses against Helena's neck, forcing her to giggle as she welcomes his warm embrace. He keeps rubbing her pregnant belly. "Toi ingrae s nozh, mu dade otnovo." Helena replies, complaining about their son practicing with a sword in the forest. Aleksandur's mother just rolls her eyes and goes back inside to set the table. "S tova tempo, tya shte rodi tsyalo kotilo." His mother says and Aleksandur laughs. She said that at the rate of affection they have for one another, Helena's going to give birth to a whole litter of children. Helena rests her head against his strong chest. Deep within the forest is their son, Alexander. He appears to be eight years old with black wavy hair that snakes down his back. He's wearing a hooded cape over his clothing as he slashes the wind with his sword. His footwork is slightly unstable; needs more practice. But the boy makes up for it with his athleticism. He twirls the sword making one last flexible move before piercing the ground with the blade with a strong strike. He lifts his head up, revealing the same eyes his father possesses through his wavy locks. He stands back on his feet, removing the blade from the Earth. Whoosh! Something in the wind startles him. He searches for the sudden noise. Twigs snaps and bushes flail all around him. "Kol e tam?" But he doesn't get an answer. The wind changes. A chill travels rapidly down his spine as fear hits his heart. He wants to be brave as another noise erupts. "Maika? Otets? Zhulieta?" But still no answer. Silence suddenly plagues the world around him as he stands all alone in the darkness. Carissa and Kathryn burst through the trees and Alexander is relieved. But Juliet is nowhere to be found. She's far behind. The girls are so energetic tonight. The full moon might have something to deal with this thanks to their mother's blood being descendant from an ancient witch tribe. "Maĭkata kaza, che e vreme za vecherya." Kathryn says that it's time for supper. "AAAAAAHHHHHH!" A loud disturbing scream explodes through the mountains with a powerful echo. The scream is terrifying and blood curdling. It shakes the entire village. The children jump from it. They're afraid. Alexander and his younger sisters run towards home. They are running as fast as they can, especially Alexander despite the weight of his sword. "Mama?! Papa?!" He yells, but he's only answered by a painful harmony of horrific screams. He doesn't give up. He keeps running and running and running towards home. The pain in his feet is too much and he's beginning to run out of breath. He and his sisters stop when they see Juliet lying dead in the middle of the forest. Her neck is bloody and ravaged. They slowly approach her body and attempt to awaken her. "Zhulieta? Cousin Zhulieta? Sŭbudeter se." But Juliet doesn't wake up. Carissa shakes her body, but it doesn't help. Kathryn begins to cry and sob at the sudden realization that she's dead. Carissa and Alexander begin to cry as well. There's another scream which catches their attention. Thus, they charge all the way home. Abruptly, they stop again once they reach home. Their worst fears is about to come true. Alexander's eyes land on something that is slowly pooling its way out the door of their home... IT'S BLOOD! He slowly approaches the house along with his sisters. He's getting closer and closer to the door. And when he does reach it, his eyes grow wide and mist with tears. The sword drops from his hand and hits the ground. Lying in front of him is his mother, Helena. The skin around her throat has been brutally shredded. Blood is seeping heavily from the nasty wound. The boy's body is shaking as he cries. "Mama? Mommy?" He goes over to her lifeless body and kneels in her blood pool, not caring about it soaking through his skin and clothes. He reaches his hand out to touch her cheek. "Mama?" He begins to shake her. "Mama, sibudi. Subudi se. Mama, molya subudi. Mama molya." But Helena doesn't wake up, and the boy breaks down. He sobs and sits his head on her stomach, where his now unborn deceased sibling lies. "Mama!" His tears land in the thickened blood as it stains his face. Kathryn and Carissa are wailing their hearts out as well. Carissa walks into the living room of their home and screams. Their father and grandparents have been killed in a brutal fashion. The children cannot stop themselves from the pain. They are in total shock to see their family's blood pooling its way from their bodies. The sight in front of them is too disturbing and saddening. They don't know what to do. Alexander looks at his sisters, screaming and crying over their loved ones' dead bodies. It's heartbreaking. Carissa cries over her father's body while Kathryn weeps over their mother's body. Alexander runs out of the house, screaming for help in every direction before falling to his knees. He's painted in his mother's blood. "Nyakoi da mi pomogne! Molya vi! Imam nuzhda ot promosht! Molya, pomognete mi! Moeto semeistvo se nuzhdae ot pomosht! Mama! Papa!" But no