Fandom: Lord of the Rings Pairing: Eomer/Faramir Summary: When Denethor orders Faramir to seduce Eomer it highlights some cultural differences between Gondor and Rohan, and leads to a moment of self-discovery for Faramir. This is SLASH – you have been warned. Disclaimer: The character's belong to JRR Tolkien. The blame is mine. Warnings: This is NC17 rated so graphic descriptions of m/m sex. Author's Note: Not sure how I ended up writing this story, but it was a bit of an experiment for me, both in style and substance. (I have doubts as to whether I pulled off the style, and the pacing). This story went places I didn't originally intend and some ideas I had for it got scrapped because of that – in the end it was a sort of stream of consciousness thing where I let the characters kind of go (mostly) where they wanted and this is where they went. I'm also not sure how LOTR it is, I'd say it's au in terms of the time line; these events happen a lot earlier in the lead-up to the Fellowship timeline than the ages of the characters would suggest. As for whether it's bookverse or movieverse - in my head, the characters look like the actors who played them in the movies, but there are moments in this that are definitely influenced by the books, and the character of Eothain is from the books, as is Garulf (although he is only mentioned in The Two Towers). Aaaand I'll shut up now! The Gleaming Road Faramir has heard much of the Men of Rohan before he finally sees them. When Boromir has ten years, and Faramir is five, he hears his brother ask his father about the Men of Rohan. "Superb horsemen," his father says, "but perverted and wild." Faramir does not understand what his father means until some years later when Boromir tells him of the stories he has heard. "They take wives," he whispers in Faramir's ear, "but many of the men lie with other men." "Is that true?" Faramir asks, for everyone in Gondor knows how disgraceful and immoral is such behaviour, and sometimes Boromir likes to tease. "Oh yes," says Boromir, "father told me of it," and Faramir does not question this, because his father knows everything, and he tells it all to Boromir. He never tells Faramir anything. "Do you want to know how they do it?" Boromir asks, and Faramir shakes his head because he definitely doesn't want to know how . However, he is a little curious as to why but he isn't sure if even his father would know the answer to that question and he doesn't think his father would tell Boromir if he did. Boromir tells him how anyway. It is a few years after this when Faramir learns that Gondor has an alliance with Rohan and this surprises him because by now he has heard his father's opinions of the Men of the Mark many times. So, curiosity giving him courage, he asks his father about it. "Rohan is strong in battle," Denethor says sharply, and Faramir falls silent, for already he has learnt that power will earn tolerance for many sins. When Faramir comes of age he is made a Captain of Gondor. The words fall begrudgingly from his father's lips in a way that no longer surprises Faramir and he knows that the pride that lights in Denethor's eyes when they rest on Boromir, will never shine on him. Still, he will make every effort to avoid disappointing his father, so when Boromir offers to take him to a certain tavern of questionable fame, Faramir refuses. He knows his father's morals. "Are you a Man of Rohan?" Boromir teases, and Faramir flinches. It is a common enough insult in Gondor, one he has heard many times, mostly directed at quiet, soft-spoken youths similar to himself, so he is not surprised to hear it, but he is surprised to hear it from Boromir. But his brother must see his distress because he rests an arm on Faramir's shoulders and his face becomes serious. "I am sorry, little brother," he says. "I should not have said such a thing to you. Forgive me." Faramir nods. "I have not the freedom you have," he reminds Boromir. "Our father need never know," says Boromir. "And it is past time you had a woman." "Not until I marry," says Faramir, and that is the last they ever speak of it. Over the next few years Faramir earns the respect and admiration of his men but never that of his father. He ceases to wonder why, he simply accepts it as something that will never change and consoles himself with the love of his brother. Boromir has ever been Faramir's truest friend and protector and, strangely, this has never lost him Denethor's love and esteem. The times darken, as does Denethor's mood, and they lose ground against the Orcs of Mordor, and so it is that Denethor decides that the old alliances should be renewed and strengthened. "Theoden, King of Rohan, answers my request and sends his nephew, Eomer, Marshal of the East Riddermark," Denethor tells Boromir. "He brings a host of fifty horsemen. You will greet them at the gates when they arrive and then escort the Marshal to the council chamber." Faramir doesn't know what to think when a week later the Men of Rohan arrive and he can see the curiosity and surprise spreading through the city like wildfire. The Rohirrim have been objects of ridicule and disgust for many years in Minas Tirith but the men who arrive with Eomer, Theoden's nephew, are warriors, tall and nobly built with long legs and powerful shoulders. They wear their hair longer than the men of Gondor and their faces are open and good-humoured. It is not until the evening meal that Faramir finally sees Theoden's nephew and it is with some surprise that he learns that Eomer is some years younger than Boromir and himself, for the Marshal of the East Mark is the tallest of the Rohirrim, and has maturity and composure beyond his years. He deals with Denethor respectfully, but with firmness and authority, and Faramir can see that whilst his father is chagrined, he is also impressed. After the meal, as they linger in the Great Hall, Boromir talks to Eomer with ease and confidence and then draws Faramir forward. "Your brother?" The Marshal's eyes rest with curiosity on Faramir. "I had not heard that the Steward of Gondor had another son." "My father does not boast of his accomplishments," Boromir answers with a voice so full of irony that Faramir gives him a sharp look. Eomer appears puzzled and Faramir quickly asks him what he thinks of Minas Tirith. "It is a fair city," replies Eomer. "Although I have not seen much of it. I would like to see more." "I was to guide you on a tour tomorrow," says Boromir. "But I must ride to Osgiliath on a small matter. I thought that Faramir could take my place, he knows the city as well as I – and its history more so. He would be a more useful guide." Eomer nods his agreement and moves away. When he is gone Faramir turns to Boromir with concern. "Osgiliath?" he asks. "Orcs?" "More have been sighted," Boromir tells him. He sighs. "Father wants me to see to it." Faramir nods blankly and glances at his father - until a month ago, when an orc squad had attacked the fringes of the town, the defence of Osgiliath had been one of Faramir's responsibilities. The next morning he meets Eomer and, at the Marshal's request, takes him first to the stables where Faramir wonders at the stature and beauty of the horses of Rohan. The Men of the Mark tend the horses themselves and Faramir quickly averts his eyes when one of the Rohirrim gently presses his lips to the mouth of another. He had started to wonder if the stories were true but this proof horrifies him and his face burns when he sees Eomer watching him. "They are bonded bed-mates," he says to Faramir, quietly, "and members of my house, but I will remind them of the aversions of your people. They will be more discreet." For some reason Faramir feels embarrassment at his own strong reaction and he quickly offers to take Eomer to the Archives. This is the place he favours most in Minas Tirith and his mood lightens as he shows Eomer its treasures. "We have nothing like this at Edoras, or Aldburg," Eomer tells him. "Our lore is told mostly through song and tale of memory." "Memory may be lost if it is not recorded," says Faramir. "That may be true," says Eomer. "But it may also be lost if it is not kept fresh and alive through use. This seems a dry, dusty way to me, one that can just as easily be forgotten if these writings are neglected." "You have a point," Faramir concedes, with a smile. "Perhaps we are both right on this, but the archive is not just for history and stories. It also holds maps and contracts and all sorts of other legal documents. Do you not have these in Rohan?" "Aye, we do," says Eomer, his eyes now lit with interest as he glances around the room. "But not so well organised as this and, I must confess, at times that can lead to confusion." He smiles ruefully at Faramir and winks, and Faramir finds himself laughing in response. A strange heat rises in his face and he turns away quickly and suggests that they continue to the Houses of the Artisans. This seems to be to Eomer's taste and they are still there when Faramir realises that the evening meal is close. "You are a kind host," says Eomer as they walk swiftly to the Citadel, and there is a light in his eyes as he looks at Faramir that causes Faramir unease. The Great Hall of Feasts is crowded for many of the city's noble families are curious to meet the Rohirrim. Faramir searches for Boromir, hoping for his return and news of Osgiliath, and only dimly realises that Eomer has been joined by some of his men. "You have had an enjoyable day, I can see, with the fair Captain of Gondor," he hears one of them say, his voice teasing. Eomer laughs. "It was a good day," he says, his eyes resting on Faramir, and Faramir quickly looks away, his face growing heated again. The next day he does not see the Men of Rohan for Eomer and some members of his party spend the day in council with Denethor. Boromir has not yet returned and Faramir attends to some of his brother's duties as well, so it is not until the evening meal that he sees any of the Rohirrim again. This is less attended than the evening before and Faramir finds himself seated at the main table beside Eomer. With his father close by, Faramir is more reserved than usual and he can sense Eomer's confusion so he is not surprised when Eomer quietly asks if Faramir is unwell. Faramir smiles and shakes his head, his eyes on his father, and Eomer nods. Suddenly the man on the other side of Faramir, who has drunk far too much ale, flings out an arm, and Faramir falls into Eomer's side. He feels Eomer's hand gripping his waist, holding him steady and draws back quickly, but Eomer's hand lingers as his eyes rest on Faramir's mouth. Faramir looks away quickly and Eomer releases him but Faramir's heart is racing and he hopes that nobody has noticed the awkward moment. When he finally looks up again Faramir sees the speculation in his father's eyes. In the morning a page informs Faramir that his father has requested his presence in the council chamber.