In case you didn't catch my 'housekeeping' at the end of year 3, here's an important message for the rest of the series. From here on out, the Harry and John series will be split into two parts. One will be a Ron/Hermione endgame version, and another will be a John/Hermione version, just because I found the idea intriguing after one of my readers suggested it. We often see Hermione paired off with people outside Ron who just don't make sense, like Draco Malfoy, other Weasleys, Sirius and Remus, and weirdest of all, Voldemort himself... It was made apparent to me that John's character could actually work with her. I initially envisioned John's relationship with Hermione to be best friends, as with Harry and Hermione, but different. Sort of a more outright brother/sister relationship, but in all honesty, that reader was right. Given the right circumstances, John would probably fall for Hermione, and fall hard. I will make a point of making those circumstances very apparent, and distinct from the Ron/Hermione version. And for the John/Hermione version, don't worry. Ron will not be neglected/thrown under the bus. He's my favourite character for a reason. The two versions will be posted simultaneously, and don't worry, they won't be too drastically different in too many ways, which means the rate at which I upload them really shouldn't be adversely affected. They will be distinct from each other though. I fully intend on making both versions fully believable, as neither will work quite like canon. The Ron/Hermione version will be titled "Harry and John Potter year (insert year) v1" and the John/Hermione version will have identical titles, with a "v2" in place of the "v1". This is v2. The old Riddle house in Hangleton was absolutely not a place where any decent person would like to find themselves. The multiple murder in itself was bad enough, but the house looked like a real life depiction of a true haunted house. But the elderly Frank Bryce, the gardener for the deceased Riddle family, still tended to the gardens, and in spite of the house itself being decrepit and foreboding, and Frank's bad leg (the carried effects of his wartime injuries). That being said, he never entered the house. Perhaps out of a respect for his old employers? One night however, changed that record. Flickering lights could be seen on the top floor, and hushed whispers of the still awake residents of the old village were exchanging hushed, panicked whispers. Frank though, suspected a more benign explanation than the rest of the village. He expected there to be a bunch of kids breaking in and messing around in there. Grumbling to himself, he grabbed his cane and angrily strode towards the old house. Upon reaching the source of the light, he began to hear hushed voices. "Master, I was only suggesting... perhaps... if we were to do it... without the boy?" came a weak, shaky voice. It belonged to a short man with colourless hair and a missing finger. "No! The boy is everything! It cannot be done without him! And it will be done!" replied another voice. This one was cold, high pitched, harsh and yet somehow... weak sounding. Something about that voice though... it simply commanded compliance, respect and fear. "I will not disappoint you my lord." came the final voice. The man had straw-coloured hair, some freckles and a heavily lined face. He spoke with much more confidence than the first man. Frank gave a silent jump when he saw something moving on the floor. He looked more closely to see an enormous green snake, at least twelve feet long, as thick as a man's thigh, and yet for whatever reason, it didn't react to his presence. It simply slithered towards the chair which likely contained the owner of the cold, and terrifying voice. He then heard something he would never understand. Some form of hissing, but it seemed controlled... almost communicative. "Nagini tells me that the old muggle caretaker is standing just outside the door." came the high-pitched voice. The short, subservient man headed to the doorway and saw Frank immediately. Frank raised his arms in surrender. "Stand aside Wormtail. I must give our guest a proper greeting. Avada Kerdavra !" Frank Bryce fell to the floor in a heap, dead before he had stopped falling. Approximately two hundred miles away, the boy involved in the discussions awoke with a start, feeling the scar on his forehead burning painfully. Harry sat bolt upright immediately. He was dizzy, confused, and his scar burned hotly, and he immediately put his hand over it, in a futile attempt to deal with the pain. It took him ten seconds to realize that he wasn't in the abandoned Riddle mansion. He wasn't watching Lord Voldemort murder an elderly man. He was in his own bed. He was sat in a comfortable room in a London house, surrounded by all of his school things, a few new posters and some random belongings he'd acquired over the last month or so of living with his and John's godfathers, Sirius Black and Remus Lupin. Did that dream actually mean something? The last time his scar had hurt like this, he was face to face with Voldemort himself. He sluggishly rolled out of bed and walked across the room to open his wardrobe for a look in the mirror. He saw the familiar form of the skinny, short fourteen year old boy that he was. His bright green eyes looked as confused as he actually was. His scar looked normal, but it was definitely stinging. He could remember the dark room, the massive snake on the hearth rug, Peter Pettigrew, also known as Wormtail... but how? He was supposed to be in Azkaban. Harry looked out of the window to see that it was still dark out. It was likely about three in the morning. He would ask Sirius about it when everyone else was awake. Sirius had been given his full pardon from the ministry of Magic, and had reclaimed his former job at the department of Magical Law enforcement. A very ironic turn of events given his stint in Azkaban. Remus meanwhile, was still job hunting. As expected, given his lycanthropy, it was proving particularly difficult. However, for the first time in his adult life, it didn't mean that his living conditions had to suffer. Even the morning after his last transformation (though the wolfsbane potion helped), he looked to be in a great mood. Delilah was driven to tears of happiness to see her beloved former teacher in such good spirits. She had settled into life away from the Dursleys as well as Harry himself had. It was particularly interesting given the fact that the year before, she would have dearly wanted to reconcile her abilities as a witch with Vernon, Petunia, and Dudley Dursley, her biological family. But now, she simply felt... free. Surprisingly, the least visibly affected out of the three youngsters in the house was John. He simply took it all in his stride and lived his life as he usually would. The only difference was that Sirius and Remus didn't feel that keeping a tight leash on John was a good idea. Harry agreed - the tighter the noose, the more likely John would be to stick his middle finger in the face of the authority figure in question. But all in all, John was the same as ever. Harry was absolutely shocked however, to see that he completely ignored every attractive girl their age they would see when out in London. Clearly his girlfriend, Katie Bell meant a great deal to him. Harry made a mental note to himself to bring up his dream over breakfast. Sirius' access to ministry resources, particularly information and previous experience with dark magic in the first wizarding war would prove invaluable, as would Remus' vast knowledge of the realm of the dark arts. The dark arts were after all, the source of his scar. Harry rubbed his eyes and thought back to the dream again. Voldemort, Wormtail and the other man had been plotting something. Whatever it was, it referred to 'the boy', which was almost undoubtedly him. But what were they planning? Harry tried to distract himself by looking out onto the street. Wilton Mews was the very picture of an upper class central London locale. Harry was delighted to hear that Sirius chose a muggle London house, and didn't regret feeling that delight. There was so much life in the city. But every time Harry would look at another part of the surrounding area, the dream would re-enter his mind. His scar was hurting. Was Voldemort nearby? He half-expected to hear the swish of a cloak and footsteps outside his room, but shook those thoughts out of his head. Voldemort in Wilton Mews... that was absurd. Get a grip Harry told himself. Voldemort isn't coming anywhere near here. Just talk to Sirius about it in the morning. Don't make a big deal of it. Can't have the Quidditch world cup trip turned into a bunch of worried inquiries about the damn scar. Harry forced himself to calm down and climbed back into his bed. He managed to sleep calmly for the rest of the night. Harry woke up again at eight in the morning, slightly later than usual, and after brushing his teeth, walked into the kitchen, where Sirius and Remus were teaching John and Delilah (with limited success) a recipe for pancakes which Remus had come up with. "I put in too much sugar, didn't I? Hey Harry." said John. "Good morning. The pancakes will be ready soon." said Remus, pleasantly. "Morning everyone. Mind if I join?" Harry asked. "Go ahead. Crack some eggs into that bowl." said Sirius, pointing towards an empty glass bowl. Harry got to work on cracking the eggs, and decided to deliberately wait before bringing up his scar. "So something weird happened this morning." said Harry. "Oh?" Remus asked. "Yeah... my scar hurt, and it woke me up at about three in the morning. Do curse scars always hurt years after you get them?" Harry asked. Remus furrowed his eyebrows. "They shouldn't do. Not unless it was a curse designed to debilitate you, but Voldemort was trying to kill you that night. I don't know Harry... this isn't a good sign." said Remus. Sirius was staying quiet for a moment. Only when John and Delilah looked to him did he respond. "I can't say I have any specific knowledge here. The only people who'd know would likely be unspeakables..." Sirius mused. "They'd be what?" Delilah asked, curiously. "Unspeakables. They're the ministry's workers at the department of mysteries. Their work is absolutely top-secret. They're legally bound to never talk about their work." Sirius explained. "So... basically we have no way of knowing what's going on?" John asked. "Not necessarily. I'll ask around at work tomorrow and see what I find." said Sirius. "I'll write to some contacts who have strong understandings of curses." said Remus. "Is there anything else you can tell us?" Sirius asked. Harry hesitated for a moment. He was reluctant to mention the dream and make it appear as if he was losing his nerve. "Well... it only started hurting after I had this... dream." said Harry. The other four stared at him, silently urging him to continue. "Well in this drea, there was this house. Voldemort was there. but I didn't see him. I just heard him. Weirder still was that Pettigrew was there too. And some other guy, probably a follower of his. They were saying that 'it cannot be done without the boy'. I've had enough experiences with Voldemort to know that he's talking about me." said Harry. "Wormtail? How?" John asked. Sirius froze for a moment. He looked at the table, where an owl had delivered his copy of the daily prophet in a parcel. He didn't hesitate to stride over to