The last three years are going to be much beefier stories than previous ones. I hope you're ready! The summer of 1995 did not encompass a heatwave per se, but that did not make the hottest day of that year any easier to bear. Temperatures soared above thirty Celsius, and Privet drive was almost entirely deserted, at least the parts of the street which weren't indoors. It was in these conditions which Harry Potter found himself, lying underneath the kitchen window, in between the wall and a large bush which separated Number 4 from number 5 Privet Drive. Harry thought he should be heartily congratulated on the quality of this hiding spot. The Dursleys would only spot him if they stuck their head out of the window and then proceeded to look directly downwards. He was listening in to the muggle news, but couldn't seem to hear anything of worth. Currently, the only thing playing on the television was a jingle advertising some fruity cereal. He had been trying to watch the news in the living room, but only to receive nasty glares and snappish comments from Petunia and Vernon Dursley. "Glad the boy's stopped trying to butt in. Where is he anyway?" asked Uncle Vernon, as if they had actually heard Harry's thoughts. "Out of the house, but I don't know exactly where", said Aunt Petunia. "And the other one?" asked Uncle Vernon. "His self-defence lesson. He's so obsessed with being a ruffian", said Aunt Petunia distastefully. John had again been earning muggle money by delivering newspapers, thus funding his self-defence lessons while he couldn't train with Sirius or Ron. Harry though, just felt no motivation to do anything of the sort. John hadn't been particularly interested in the muggle news though, like Harry was. He had said that the muggle news would not say much about their world, certainly not about Voldemort, who had returned mere weeks prior. Harry disagreed, maintaining that if there were warnings on the muggle news, then things were getting dire. Thankfully, no such warnings were to be found. In any case, the only news John seemed to be waiting for was a letter from Susan. Ron, Hermione and Delilah's letters were simply put, infuriatingly cryptic. "Watching the news" Uncle Vernon scoffed. "As if boys his age are interested in the news. Dudley doesn't care at all, I doubt he even knows who the Prime Minister is! It's not like there'd be anything about his lot on our news-" Uncle Vernon started. "Vernon, the windows are open" Aunt Petunia hissed. "Oh yes... Sorry dear", said Uncle Vernon. Both Dursley adults fell silent, and Harry listened to advertisement after advertisement, whilst watching the elderly Mrs. Figg across the street, walking slowly and muttering something angrily to herself. Harry was glad that he was hiding - Mrs. Figg had been inviting him and John over for tea with increasing frequency. Perhaps she was just getting too old and lonely, but it was far from Harry's idea of productive or fun. "Dudders is out for tea then?" asked Uncle Vernon. "Yes, at the Polkisses" said Aunt Petunia. "He has so many friends our Duddikins, he's ever so popular-" she said, before loudly gushing about Dudley and her pride for him, knowing the window was open. Harry resisted the urge to scoff. They were both rather stupid about Dudley. More stupid still about Delilah, but Harry was thankful that Delilah was away with the others. Dudley however, was giving dim-witted lies about being off to tea with another one of his gang members every evening, but Harry knew very well that they weren't having tea. They were vandalising parks, terrorising smaller children, throwing stones at cars and smoking round street corners. They knew better than to do any of that near the youth centre where John took his self-defence classes. All of them were afraid of him. The thought always made Harry smirk, knowing that Dudley's gang were now afraid of Harry, simply knowing that John wouldn't take anything of the sort lying down. Harry often saw them at their questionable activities though, seeing them as he spent most of the holidays wandering the streets, scavenging newspapers from bins. Harry shuffled closer to the wall, listening out for any further news developments, but unfortunately, the most exciting thing he heard was about a baggage handler strike at Gatwick. All of a sudden, a deafening crack like a gunshot burst from a spot about thirty feet from Harry, who bolted to his feet, wand trained on that spot. "Put-that-away!" Came Uncle Vernon's angry, desperate voice. Harry hastily stuffed his wand back into his jeans. A few faces were staring at him through their windows. "Lovely day!" Uncle Vernon said in a falsely cheerful voice to Mrs. Number seven, who lived opposite them. "That car backfiring gave Petunia and I a right shock!" he said, and the many faces staring at Harry backed off into their houses. "What the devil are you up to?" Uncle Vernon asked, when the coast was clear. "Making that noise!" "I didn't make that noise" Harry said flatly. Aunt Petunia chose that moment to force her horse-like face through the window. It always amazed Harry how his beautiful, good-natured cousin came from such an unpleasant pair. "What were you doing under the window?" she asked. "Listening to the news" Harry said in an uninterested voice which sounded more like the tone of Draco Malfoy than he'd have cared to admit. "Again?" Uncle Vernon asked furiously. "Well... it does change every day", said Harry, who cursed himself for being so cheeky when the Dursleys were already in a foul mood. John was rubbing off on him. "Don't get smart with me boy! Tell us what you're really up to, not this listening to the news rubbish! Your lot don't show up on-" Uncle Vernon started. "Careful Vernon!" Aunt Petunia said, causing Uncle Vernon to lower his voice. "You lot don't show up on our news!" he whispered furiously. "As far as you know" Harry said defiantly. "You're a nasty little liar", said Aunt Petunia after a few seconds of goggling at him. "What are all those owls doing then, coming to your room?" she asked. "Aha! Get out of that one boy! What are they doing?" Uncle Vernon asked triumphantly. "They aren't sending me news" Harry said, tonelessly, not wanting to think about his frustration with Ron, Hermione or Delilah. "I don't believe you", said Aunt Petunia instantly. "Nor do I", said Uncle Vernon. "You're up to something. I want to know what it is, and you'd better tell us now. We aren't stupid", said Uncle Vernon forcefully. "That's the most interesting news I've heard all day", said Harry nastily, not caring about the consequences of his being rude. Before the Dursleys could call Harry back, he turned around, hopped the fence and set off onto the streets, ignoring their angered yells. He knew they wouldn't particularly care by the time he got back. Either way, John's lesson ended about five minutes ago and he'd be getting ready to walk back home by now. Furthermore, he knew that sound. It wasn't a gunshot, nor was it a car backfiring. It sounded like apparating or disapparating. It was the exact sound Harry had heard whenever Dobby the house elf snapped his fingers and appeared or disappeared from any given area. Was Dobby with him at Privet Drive? Was he being tailed by the elf? He doubted it, he didn't think Dobby could turn himself invisible. Harry was only vaguely aware of the route he was taking - he'd been aimlessly roaming the streets for three weeks straight now, and his feet automatically took him to his favourite areas without thought. He found himself glancing over his shoulder, or darting his eyes around the nearby area. Someone magical had been near him, he knew it. But why hadn't they said something? Why were they hiding? Where were they hiding? Before long though, a sinking feeling overcame Harry. Maybe there wasn't anyone magical there after all. Maybe it was just a car backfiring. He could have just been overly desperate for contact from the wizarding world, to the point where his mind would play such tricks on him. Worse still, he knew he'd be woken early tomorrow morning to a copy of the daily prophet, only to find no mention of Voldemort. Any killings or signs of his activities would be front page news, and he hadn't seen anything of the sort. What were the idiots running that paper playing at? And what were Ron, Hermione and Delilah playing at? Insisting that they couldn't say anything, that they'd tell him when he arrived. They were probably talking about the burrow or Sirius' house in muggle London. The thought of all of them enjoying themselves, together, as opposed to him or John being stuck in Privet Drive made Harry's temper flare once again. They'd also said they were busy, but what with? Why wasn't he busy? He was the one who Voldemort was after and he was the one who'd clashed with him directly. Harry forced himself to stop thinking of that night. Having nightmares, watching Cedric die, or John tortured by the cruciatus curse again and again was bad enough without it consuming his thoughts whilst awake. Harry turned the corner onto Magnolia Crescent, where he'd first locked eyes (unknowingly) with Sirius. Sirius, who seemed to understand how he was feeling. His letters, whilst admittedly equally sparse on news, at least contained consolation and advice. 'I know this is frustrating to you', or 'keep your nose down, everything will be alright'. His letters also contained a bit of bad news, unrelated to Voldemort, but noteworthy all the same. Whatever they were up to, the adults, had forced Sirius to spend less and less time with Lauren, prompting her to break up with him. The worst part was when Sirius directly quoted her. "I still love you, but I can't do this any more" Without a doubt, that would have stung Sirius and quite badly too. Harry remembered what seeing Cho with Cedric was like, and knew that for Sirius, it would have been worse. This line of thought however, led Harry to start thinking of how Sirius at least had company. Remus, Delilah, probably Ron and Hermione at least on occasion... Harry eventually reached a park which he frequented, due in no small part to the fact that Dudley's gang had broken so many of the apparatus that no one else went there any more. Harry perched himself on the only swing that hadn't been broken yet, trying to think of another way for him to listen to the news later - he could no longer hide in the flowerbed under the window. "You're doing a damn good job of playing the chronic tragic hero that Skeeter wanted you to be right now", came a familiar, but welcome voice. Harry looked behind him and saw John. He had seen him just that morning, but in the wake of his day being progressively more depressing, he was an extremely welcome sight. He had now grown to stand just a hair under six feet tall, and was still built like the bear he could transform into at will. Harry too had grown and stood roughly an inch or two shorter than John, though not as muscular, due to his very evident lack of motivation. "What's wrong?" John asked. "Just... everything", Harry grunted. "Right... very specific", said John dryly. It was infuriating how John could stay so positive when he was in the same situation that Harry was in. Where was the rage? The frustration? "I don't need your damn sarcasm right now", Harry snapped. John merely raised an eyebrow. Harry wanted to vent his rage at someone else... anyone, and the fact that John didn't appear even mildly irritated irked Harry to no end. "I've been telling you all summer, you