Destiny - The Truth " The only thing my dad taught me, was how to survive and that was by him not being there. A man made me, mummy raised me. .." – Unknown January 2nd 1994 was the year Embry Call was brought into this world. His mother had moved from the Makah reserve to Quileute reserve, La Push, once she had fallen pregnant with him. Everyone had assumed that she left Embry's father at the Makah reserve and Tiffany Call went along with it, of course knowing who the father was, but not wanting to cause any problems within the Quileute reserve after she discovered Embry's father did not want anything to do with him. Growing up was tough on him, he never knew who his father was and he always wanted and needed that father figure in his life. But he didn't have that. It all started when he was five years old, he kept pestering his mother on who his father was. She always replied with the same answer "I'm sorry, son. But, I just don't know…" Embry, of course, knew she was lying. Even at the age of five he noticed how his mother would not look at him when he answered that question. He kept asking her, every day up until he turned eight. For three years- 1095 days he would always ask her the same question and he always got the same answer. It was a few days after he turned eight that he realized his mother would never tell him who his real father was, he should have realized it sooner. But he was just a son, who wanted his father around. He knew his mother would get tears in her eyes every time he asked her the question he asked her for years. This is one of the reasons why he stopped. He may have been young, but he never wanted to see his mother in any sort of pain. She didn't deserve it. Then came the infamous day when Embry Call phased. He had been sixteen at the time and he was the fourth person to phase. He had been running a high temperature for a couple of weeks, but like everyone else, he just brushed it aside thinking it was a cold that would soon blow over. The day he phased was one of the scariest times in his life, not only because he turned into a giant wolf, but also because as soon as he phased and realized that it was all wrong. Sam, Jared and Paul all had the same thoughts; Embry? Is that you? How? This isn't supposed to happen, not to you. You are Makah, not Quileute! That's what sparked the statements that Embry's father was someone from Quileute decent. But who? There were only three possible choices; Billy Black, Joshua Uley or Quill Atera IV. Yet, none of them would come clean. The fact that Embry phased also caused a lot of tension in the pack. Once Jacob and Quill had phased, Embry found it difficult to be around them and Sam at times. Mostly because Embry would feel so guilty if he ever did find out whom his true father was. This never stopped him hanging out with any of them, he had to on a day to day basis and they were his best friends. But, it still didn't make him feel any less guilty, even though the situation wasn't his fault. It was when he turned 17 that he had come to hate his father, he may not have known who his true father was, but why would he love a man who wasn't in his life? Who didn't want him? Embry always looked at each council member –minus Harry Clearwater- with speculation, one of the members could be his father, but who? A lot of the wolves suspected it was Joshua Uley, as he abandoned his wife and son, meaning he could have easily done the same to Tiffany and Embry. Whoever his father was, even though Embry felt he deserved and explanation, his anger and animosity towards him meant he could really care less. His father didn't want him, so why should he want his father? Leah Clearwater never thought the day would come when she thought of Embry Call as anything aside from her pack brother, but here she sat, watching him. The way he would unconsciously flex the muscles in his arms every time he ran his fingers - those strong fingers - through his hair. She would watch as his scruffy hair would constantly fall effortlessly into place, yet he still felt the need to run his fingers through it occasionally. The way his eyes squinted a little when he was paying close attention to whatever Jacob was saying to him. As she looked closer, she could see the droplets of water cascading down his hard chest and chiseled abs, a result from cliff diving that the pack had all done a few minutes earlier. As she let her eyes wander up and down his body, she let out a small gasp as she saw his eyes turn towards her. Those eyes, those brown eyes that held so much mystery behind them. The eyes that could melt any woman's heart. She felt her cheeks heat up and she quickly averted her gaze towards the other pack mates who were having a game of soccer. Damnit! Leah screamed in her head. Why did she find herself attracted towards him? Why Embry Call of all people? He wasn't anything special, okay, that was a lie. He was a complete God, every girl on the reservation thought so, Hell ; even some of the guys admitted it from time to time. This had been a reoccurring thing ever since Embry Call turned 18. The way she would watch him from afar. Before his 18th birthday, she never even gave him a second look; she used to despise the boy that was so shy and innocent… But now, ever since she saw him walk towards the pack the night of his birthday, she saw a new side to him. A sexy side. He was no longer a little boy that she could pick on, he was a man. Her eyes darted quickly back over to Embry who's eyes were still trained on her, he was studying her just like she had done earlier. She started to feel a tad uncomfortable, but she enjoyed the way his eyes would occasionally run up and down her body. It was then she remembered she was supposed to be the snarly, bitchy she wolf. So she did what she does best, she let out a fake snarl and glared at him. She watched as he gave her a cheeky smile before returning to the conversation he was still having with Jake. "Hey Lee…" Seth sat down beside her and sent a smile her way "The council wants to have a meeting with the pack and strangely enough, Embry's mother. I think they think it's time Miss Call was let in on the secret, especially since Embry is getting in even more trouble now than he was last time…" "That's weird…" Leah stated "Embry chose not to tell his mother, vowing that the secret was too important to share with her, Sam gave him the option after Jake and Quill hounded him to let his mum in on the secret." "Well…" Seth shrugged "Maybe he changed his mind, maybe turning 18 finally made him realize his mum deserves to know…" "Look at you.." Leah smirked nudging her shoulder with her brothers "Talking like you know what it feels like to be 18.." "Yeah, Yeah.." Seth laughed "Anyway, I have to come down and help set up the bon fire, get all the wood and everything. You okay to walk here by yourself?" Leah let out a laugh before looking at her brother "I think you forget I am the older sibling out of the two of us. I can take care of myself, Seth…" "I know…" Seth smiled at his older sister "I just like looking out for ya, just like you do for me…" She had to hug him for that, she adored her younger brother, and she has done ever since he was born. He was the only one who saw her smile regularly, for the pack it was a once in a while thing to see their pack sister smile, but for Seth it was a constant. "Thanks, Seth…" She smiled and placed a kiss on his cheek before he bounded off towards the rest of the pack. Once Seth had left, Leah turned her attention back towards Jake and Embry. This time, she didn't pay attention to just Embry. She paid attention to Jake as well. As she looked closer to the pair, she noticed a few similarities. Both Embry and Jake had the same shaped eyes, the same exact colour –Dark brown. They almost had the same shaped face. She then paid attention to the way they were standing; their hands were turned around so that they were resting on their hips and slightly on the small of their back, their butts slightly pushed out. If Leah could remember correctly, this was also the way Billy used to stand before the accident happened. Her eyebrows knitted in confusion. No, it couldn't be? What she was thinking couldn't be the truth. Maybe she was just over analyzing things? Yeah. That's it! Joshua Uley was Embry's dad! They had all come to that conclusion! Yeah, she was just over analyzing things. Embry never wanted his mother to find out about the secret, one, because he really did feel the secret was too important. Second and most of all, he didn't want his mother to become a part of this particular world. He would hate for something to happen to her. He was a protector and he felt as if protecting her would be easier if she didn't know about the supernatural world. So when Billy and Old Quill had approached him before the pack went cliff diving to tell him about the meeting which his mother would also be attending, Embry tried his best to convince them not to let her go. He didn't want her knowing about this. But, as Embry knew he would, he failed in trying to convince the elders that his mum shouldn't attend. They said she needed to be there and nothing would change their mind. So Embry hung his head and agreed to it. Embry sat on the couch with his head in his hands. His mother had been acting strange when he returned home, almost nervous. So once he heard her walk into the room his head shot up to see Tiffany fidgeting with her fingers and occasionally biting her lip. "Mum, what's wrong? Why are you so nervous?" he asked, he stood up and walked over to her, wrapping an arm around her. "Oh… You know son, I just get nervous meeting new people…" she tried her best to smile and Embry had to nod at that, his mother hadn't really been a 'people' person as of late. "You have met Old Quill and Billy before though. At Harry's funeral…" he stated, he moved back to look at his mother and gave her a small smile. "Only briefly…" she muttered. She removed Embry's arm off her shoulder and looked up him and down, suddenly getting into motherly mode "Are you wearing that to the bon fire? Are you crazy?" "But Mum…" Embry started with a small smirk looking down at his cut off's and tank top. "No But's Embry Call! Go and put something warm on. Now!" With a pout, Embry gave in with a small smile at seeing his mothers nervousness go away. "Mum, this is Old Quill, Sue Clearwater…" Embry stopped as his mother formally greeted herself to the two before he