Her long black hair flowed in the wind, a smile graced her lips as she caught the smell of the familiar salty air. This was her home, this was where she grew up, where she became the woman she is today. Everything was perfect, her life was perfect. She wanted to graduate high school, she had her sights set on college. She had the perfect little family, herself, her mother, her father and her adorably annoying younger brother. No matter what, they had been very supportive of every decision she made, even if they didn't agree with them. Then there was her fiancé, the man she has fallen in love with and the man who saw the best in her, even when she didn't see the best in herself. To be honest, at first she didn't think too highly of him, maybe that was because everyone knew the reputation his father had or maybe it was just because, at the time, she truly was not interested in getting herself into a relationship. But that all changed the day she decided to visit First Beach. She loved the beach, everything about it was so relaxing. Here she could forget about anything and everything. She remembered the day he approached her and asked her to join in their friendly game of beach volleyball. She reluctantly agreed, it wasn't that she wasn't great at sports, she was. It was the fact that the people she would be playing with, although most are more than likely related to her, she never knew them. Yeah, she recognised them, knew their names even. But, to be completely honest, most of them, if not all of them, probably didn't even realise who she was. It didn't take her long to get into the game. Beach volleyball was her favourite after all. For the first time since she could remember, she was really enjoying herself. Although the people surrounded her were almost strangers, she felt like she belonged here. The game had come to an end and she made her way towards her beach towel, him hot on her heels. " Thanks for inviting me to play. I really enjoyed that," she smiled as she took a sip of her water, "I haven't played beach volleyball in so long." " Don't mention it, Leah." He smiled, "Who would have thought you were so good at it! I always thought you were more into your books than anything else," Leah shrugged her shoulders, "I used to play all the time as a kid. My family would always come down here to play. I guess I just got so focused and invested in getting good grades so I could hopefully one day go to College." He sat down next to her, taking the bottle of water she offered to him, "College, ha? Where would you like to go?" " I haven't quite figured that out yet," she laughed, "But I want to become a Doctor and then someday open up a Doctor's office on the Res to stop everyone from having to travel to Seattle. It would be much more convenient, especially for the elders, if we had one here." " That sounds like a great idea, Leah. It's great you know what you want to do," He turned to her and smiled, "I, on the other hand, have no clue what I want to do after I finish school. I've always said that when I get old enough I would leave the Res and explore the big wide world. But I don't know if I would ever be able to do that, I don't think I could leave this place for too long." " Travelling would be awesome," Leah smiled, "If you one day, do decide you would like to travel around and you would like a travel buddy. Keep me in mind." She meant it as a joke, but he took it seriously. " Really? You would actually want to travel with me?" he laughed. " Why not?" she shrugged, "It could be fun." From that day on, every day they would meet down at First Beach. At first it was just because they enjoyed each other's company, then it became more. So much more. " I love you, Leah." He laughed as she tackled him to the ground. Hearing this made Leah freeze and stare up at him. " You love me?" she blinked, hoping that she heard him right. He sat up, taking her in his arms and letting her rest her head on his shoulder. "Yes, Leah. I do. I love you so much more than you could ever imagine." A happy sigh escaped Leah's lips, "I love you too. You mean everything to me, Sam." Unfortunately for Leah, this fairy tale that she was currently living, wouldn't have its happy ending. Sam started drifting away from Leah during their senior year. He would leave at the most inconvenient times, make up excuses as to why he was standing her up almost every day. It got to the point where he disappeared for two weeks, with no call to anyone. " I've had it, Sam!" Leah shouted as he, once again, had to leave unexpectedly, "I've had enough of this shit! Why can't you tell me where you are going? Why can't you just stay here with me? Is that too much to ask?" Sam hated doing this to Leah, he really did. Though it didn't seem that way to Leah, he still loves her, he is still unconditionally in love with her. "I'm sorry, Leah. I wish I could tell you, I really hate doing this to you, you have to believe me." She shook her head, trying to fight the tears from falling from her eyes, "I c-can't believe you, Sam. You haven't told me the truth as to where you go! What am I supposed to believe? Do you know how many nights I have stayed up, waiting for you to crawl in through my window like how you used to? It's got to the point now where I always lock it now! I miss you, Sam. I miss us! We aren't the same anymore," " We aren't the same people we used to be," he muttered. " I am. I am still the same Leah you met in school, the same Leah you invited to play volleyball at first beach! I am still the same Leah. But you aren't the same Sam. The old Sam would never hurt me. He would always tell me the truth, he wouldn't stand me up without good reason!" she finally let the tears fall, "Why can't you be that Sam again?" He stepped closer to her. His heart ached when she took a step back and shook her head, "People change, Lee-Lee. I'm sorry that person had to be me. I'm sorry I hurt you, I don't want to. If I could tell you, I would. But I can't." Leah watched as Sam's eyes began to water up. He doesn't have a right to cry! "You do not get to cry, Uley! You brought this on yourself." " No I didn't. Do you think I want any of this? Do you think I want to be the one to hurt you? I hate seeing you like this, I hate seeing what I'm doing to you. I can't control this, Leah. I can't control what I have to do," he sighed, "I'm just following orders…" " Following orders?" she whispered, "What orders are you talking about?" " I've said too much already, lee. I have to go," He turned to leave, knowing that he won't be back to see Leah tonight, but he would come and see her tomorrow. He stopped dead in his tracked when Leah began to speak again. " You walk out that door, it's over Sam! You and I, it will be over the moment you step out that door." She screamed at him. Her sobs tore his heart, how could he just walk away from the woman he loved? He stayed. But that was the last time he stayed by her side. Leah had decided she needed someone to talk to, someone who she could confess all her feelings to and know she would never be judged, so she invited her best friend and her cousin down from the Makah reservation. Emily Young. Leah would soon realise that this was the biggest mistake she could have ever made. " I-I don't know why he's avoiding me, Emily. I don't know if I can take this anymore," Leah sobbed as Emily held her close, "I thought he loved me. Was I wrong to think that we would be together forever?" " No, Lee. You weren't. I have no idea what has gotten into him, but he sounds like he has turned into a complete ass!" Emily whispered, "If he isn't going to treat you right, then he doesn't deserve you." An hour later, with Leah still letting out the occasional sob and Emily trying her best to comfort her, there was a knock on the door. " I'll grab it, Lee", Emily went to stand up but Leah grabbed her wrist. " It's ok, Em. I can get it, that's Sam's knock. He always knocks three time on my door, it's meant to be a reminder that he loves me." Leah quickly wiped the tears from her eyes and opened the door, "Sam," " Lee-Lee, I needed to come see you. I felt this pull to come to your house," Sam said frantically, "I-" He was interrupted by Emily's bitter laughter, "You treat her like shit for weeks and now you come and Sorry isn't even your first word to her." Sam looked up, the voice sounded so familiar, so angelic. Even though the person was obviously mad at him, "Excu-"his eyes locked with Emily's and he instantly felt like his world was now complete and his life had a purpose. Leah disappeared from his sight and all he saw was Emily, he felt all his love and feelings for Leah slowly disappear everything he felt for Leah was now what he felt for Emily. Emily Young. " Sam," Leah whispered, she saw his eyes had been focused on Emily and her heart instantly dropped. She saw the look in his eyes, he used to look at her like that, "SAM!" Sam slowly shook his head and looked up at Leah, confusion written all over his face. " Pathetic," Emily mumbled, "You can't even look at her and apologise. I think it's best if you left," Sam suddenly felt his feet moving without his permission, she has said he should leave. So he was. He looked up at Leah and saw the tears fall from her eyes but he couldn't find it in himself to focus on her, his mind was full with the image of Emily. He saw Emily glare at him as she walked up behind Leah and gently pulled her back as she closed the door. It was then he took off. Leah secluded herself in her room for a number of weeks the only reason she left was to go to school and that was it. No one, not even her younger brother Seth could get her to come out. Emily had been to visit and let Leah know that her and her mother were moving to La Push. Leah managed to give Emily a small smile. She felt pathetic, crying over a guy who she knew didn't want her. He hadn't even been around to see her, he didn't even have the decency to call. She knew, even though it had never been spoken aloud between the two of them, that she and Sam were no longer an item. It took Leah a while, but she realised she couldn't lay around in bed all day and feel sorry for herself. Slowly but surely she managed to get