(Edited 7/5/17(My dog's ninth birthday)) Character Name Pronounced Jaems (James) Laily (Lie-ly) Malinye (Mal-in-yay) Renaeger (Rin-ay-ger) Nathien (Nay-thee-in) Gaiad (Guy-ee-ad) Skyryn (Sky-rin, no not Skyrim) Maenia (My-en-ya) I get ran over by being late Riv was bent over the front of the damaged hoverer as the engine smoked, her legs dangling since her toes didn't touch the floor. Her screwdriver was clutched tightly as she tightened a few bolts, bunched up muscles slightly burning with the repeated movement of her arm. Finally, she was finished. Wiping her brow with the back of her dirty leather gloves, Riv heaved her small body out of the small space and touched her toes down on the garage's concrete floor once more. Jumping up, she grabbed the hood and slammed it down into place. Riv pressed down on the hood to make sure it clicked, the sound of the hood locking back into place. The hoverer needed a simple fix, just a corroded starter and worn belt. A new belt and starter and a few screws later it was all done. Unfortunately, her short stature made it take a bit more time than usual, because this model's starter and belt was so hard to get to being so short. Riv blew back a strand of her copper bangs that came loose from the braides on the side of her head, woven into a messy bun and a fountain of red orange hair at the back of her head. The fiery hair color was rare, if not almost unheard of, among the Highlings. Highlings often sported fair blond or dark raven hair. Brunette was fairly common as well, but not so much as blond and raven. Red was usually associated with the Gaiads, or Grounders as they were commonly called, a race of people that were bound to the land. But that's why her hair was so weird, Grounders were extinct, or so it was assumed from history. Looking at her distorted reflection in the hoverer's metal hood, Riv could spot a long streak of grease across her forehead and along her cheek. Her lavender eyes reflected back a mixed color of cyan in the light metalic blue paint job. Reaching her hand back, Riv popped her neck, feeling and hearing the satisfying crack in turn. She had to cock her head at an interesting angle to see what she had been doing. It was hard being a female mechanic. Having to deal with the stares and whispers, the scathing comments for not thinking of her status as the Royal Archivist's only daughter, and so much more. While most lower and middle class-along with a handful of high class- women worked, the rich ones did nothing but play and gossip about the latest trends or who said what to whom. It was immensely frustrating to deal with shallow women all the time since she lived in the castle with her Appa. A fond smile tugged at her lips at the thought of her Appa, Jaems Rivetz. He was a kind man who had been a widow when he had taken her in as a baby. He had fed her, clothed her, and educated her, giving her a curiosity and love for reading many of higher classed ladies lacked. As she had access to the library and private library of the castle, she had grown to be a young prodigy, who knew a lot about many things. However, nothing had interested her more than mechanics and engineering. Riv had always been good with her hands and creating stuff, almost uncannily good. She had even patented a few pieces of her work, gaining her recognition from the Young Engineers Association that constantly badgered her to join. But she didn't have the time for it. She had a part time job at Guily's Garage, a high class maintenance garage that took exorbitant amounts of money for their work. It was dull work and the other mechanics were pretty rude and disgustingly competitive for their "place" in the garage. Riv stowed her tools away in her utility belt before she clapped her hands to rid them of any dirt. "All good, Marley! Take her away!" Riv shouted over the loud sounds of metal clanging around things. A tall tan man, came up with the keys and sidled into the hoverer to start her up. The man had dark brown hair, almost raven paired with blue eyes. He was a pretty quiet guy and wasn't as competitive as the other guys around the shop, so they got along fairly well. Riv let out a sigh of relief, her shift finally over. Groaning, she stretched her arms up over her head to let her spine pop back into place. The teen-turned-woman walked over to her work station desk and grabbed a white card, a bit grimy with blackened fingerprints around the edges. She unclipped her work utility belt and laid it in drawer of the desk and locked it up tight. She wouldn't put it past one of her competitive "colleagues" to mess with it to make her look bad. Riv walked away, pulling on her gloves, the dark brown leather smeared with grease and stains she had never been able to remove. Her dark wash jeans only slightly less dirty than her gloves, not showing it's numerous stains, unlike her white work shirt. Her old brown work boots scuffed the floor as she headed into the locker rooms where her stuff was kept. As she walked through the room, many envious sneers and twisted faces watched for all that they were ignored. Riv was so used to them by now it didn't bother her. She had gotten used to the jealous and venomous looks a long time ago. Riv opened the door to the locker room a bit more forcefully than normal, peeved by the staring and whispering going on behind her back. While she tolerated the prejudiced atmosphere directed at her, she absolutely hated the whispering. It followed her everywhere except her quarters with her Appa and her lab. Riv quickly slotted her time card into the time scanner and pulled it out when it beeped. She took it back to her locker and set the card behind her on the bench to unlock it. Reaching in, She grabbed her faded orange and black shoulder bag with a cartoony fox holding a wrench in its teeth grinning out at the world on it. It was a gift from Appa when she turned thirteen and it had held up for the six years she had been using it, even still in good condition. The copper haired girl grabbed the thick canvas belt that had been under the bag and clipped it on, hooking it through a couple of her belt loops. The belt was her own personal utility belt and she never went anywhere without it. The black belt had large pouches attached to the back with smaller ones along the sides. It too had the fox with the wrench on it, but it was a large metal applique she had put on it in her early teen years. But that wasn't the most interesting thing about it. Riv had taken one of the only skirts she would ever wear and tailored it to the belt, to where it looked like she was wearing half a skirt. It was a burnt orange to match her copper colored hair. Grabbing the last thing in her locker, Riv walked out into the front of the shop, some of the customers giving her curious looks while the others were too occupied by their holo-frames to even look up. She tugged on her gloves again before slinging her shoulder bag over her small torso, rifling through her bags to grab a little round ball with a button out of her back pouch. The teen strode out of the shop to stand on the streets, that contrasted greatly from one another. On the side she was standing on was clean, neat, and had very nice buildings, colors popping. However, the other side of the street was grimy, dank, and the buildings looked as if they were sagging in depression, swathed in tones of grey. Riv gave some of the people who were huddling around cans of fire a sympathetic look, knowing that it could have been her had her Appa not adopted her. She quickly quelled the feeling, as these people were proud of who they were and didn't want nor need her pity. It was simply another day of their lives they went through. Her thumb pressed the button on top of the capsule and threw it up into the air. It let out a hiss before it popped in a cloud of smoke, a board dropping down from the pink tinged smoke. She had never been able to get that out of the cloud, so it was stuck as a pink poof of smoke. The used capsule innocently plopped down on sidewalk after its use, laying there like it hadn't just poofed a hoverboard into existence. The orange haired teen stooped down to pick it up from the concrete and stowed it back into its pouch. Riv stepped onto the board and her switched on from her weight, the bottom glowing blue as it lifted away from the ground with a gentle growl. Riv pulled on the goggles she had snatched from her locker, being the final piece of her ensemble. They had lavender rims and purple tinted glass that made her eyes stand out, and she had crafted a pair of fox ears that decorated the upper rims. Riv made a mental note of her holo-frame's battery level as she turned on some of her "ancient" music as the ladies of the court called it and put her ear phones in. She tipped her weight backwards slightly to give it a little juice. The board started to move forward slowly at first, but finally picking up pace to about 17 miles a hour. Pretty slow compared to the hoverers zipping past her doing at least 30, but considering hoverboards weren't even made to go over 6 miles per hour, it was hauling ass. She could go faster, but she drew enough attention with her copperish hair color as it was. The street sides flew past her in a blur, Green Day's Holiday ringing through her ears as she quickly turned a corner, leaning into the curve. This had always been relaxing to her, the stress of the day just melting away as she felt the rush of wind whipping her hair around, the braided piece of her bangs with the beads flying back like a flag, and the rush of moving fast. Soon the towering castle came into view, a sight to behold. As tiring it was to live there sometimes, it never failed to take her breath away. Tall walls made of white and silver stone mixed with metal to give it a shimmer and defense, but not to be too much. The entire palace was made of it, except the windows of course, but even those were sparkling clean. It was the crown jewel of Skyerin, the floating capital of Maenia Kingdom. The drawbridge was still down as it closed at 8 o'clock sharp and opened around 6 o'clock in the morning. Riv glanced at the sun's position, it was around 7:15 probably, so she still had time. The guards simply watched as the teen sped in through the gates, unfazed as they continued watching over the bridge for anything suspicious. They had become used to watching a blue and orange blur speed past them into the castle square. She slowed to a stop by the stairs of the front door, hopping off the board as it powered down. Riv knelt down and grabbed the silver and white board, reaching into her bag for it's capsule. Upon grabbing it, Riv pressed the button on it and held it to the