DISCLAIMER: I am the owner of the Harry Potter books. Sadly, I don't own the rights. AN: This story will largely be from Harry's point of view, even though there will be other's POVs in most chapters. It's set three years after - but you're about to find that out, aren't you? We'll get to the Secret of Durmstrang in no time, but there are a few other plot points on the way before... HARRY POTTER AND THE SECRET OF DURMSTRANG Chapter One: An Unexpected Student "Mr. Potter," Igor Karkaroff drawled, his voice devoid of any emotion and his silver eyebrows furrowed in displeasure. A slight German influence could be heard in his pronunciation, but it was barely noticeable. "I must admit … a thoroughly surprising sight." Harry didn't yet know what to think of the man - after all, he had just arrived on this wooden platform which appeared to be located somewhere on the ocean. Apart from them, there was nothing but crushing waves of deep, blue water to be heard here. Harry wasn't quite sure if he really wanted to be here. From what little he had gathered until now, Karkaroff didn't seem like a particularly joyous person. "Don't you have anything to say to that? ", Karkaroff asked deliberately slowly and smiled at him – a sight so repealing that it at least partially explained why studying magic below the age of eleven was forbidden. Harry was pretty certain what exactly the man wanted to know. At least he didn't beat around the bush. "At Britain, it's too dangerous for me. Durmstrang is the only school where most people don't know the location, so it's a bit safer." "Curious. A school infamous for colloquial traditions that are repeatedly put into question by just about every other government is safer ." Oh, that was basically the best point of attack he could have hoped for. "Well, did you expect me to come to Durmstrang? Also, there are no public lists of the students here, so ... at least for a bit of time, no one will notice." Karkaroff nodded and righted himself; some of his vertical wrinkles disappearing. Harry allowed himself a slight twitch of the corner of his mouth, even though he had been told to remain expressionless during inevitable conversations like this. It worked! "I think I should tell you that I heavily disapprove of lies, Mr. Potter, especially of impertinently obvious ones like this." Oh, shit. "That was no lie! ", Harry almost shouted. "Do you ... do you really think your own school isn't safe enough for me?" "You should maybe think about a bit of practice in the art of lying. Having panic attacks because someone calls you a liar is no convincing way to sell a story." The headmaster of Durmstrang smiled again and, unconsciously, Harry took a step back. No, it hadn't worked. Not at all. "Be that as it may, at this point I'd advise you to simply stop this pathetic attempt at deception." Harry licked his lips and took another step backwards. He just hoped there was enough platform left for him not to take a little bath when, inevitably, Karkaroff put that horrible abomination of a smile on his face again. "I want to learn Dark Magic", he finally acknowledged, "and Durmstrang's the only place." "Why?" "Because I ... I grew up with Muggles." Yeah, great way to sound like an imbecile; even Harry inwardly cringed when he heard what he'd blurted out. Karkaroff narrowed his eyes and showed his teeth (but, luckily, without smiling, which seemed, to Harry at least, by far not as intimidating). "Sir!" It seemed like an order. "Err ... what?" "In the future, you are to address me as "Sir" whenever you speak to me. Seeing as you repeatedly failed to do so, I thought it prudent to remind you of that. Case in point, the question isn't 'what', it is "Sorry, I am not able to understand you, could you please phrase it so that even I get what you are trying to convey, Sir". " Harry had stopped to listen immediately after Karkaroff had said the word "future" and a big, broad smile appeared on his face. It had been successful; he would be going to Durmstrang! No boring sitting-around at his old home anymore, and finally, finally the chance to learn some actual magic! Yes, the headmaster seemed unpleasant and yes, he still didn't know what to expect, but none of these actually mattered, because he had managed – on his own! – to remove the biggest obstacle on his way to Durmstrang! If that was nothing to be proud of, he didn't know what was. Now, the restlessness he had felt for the last weeks was surely going to vanish. "Let me give you a fair warning, Mr. Potter. I am not satisfied in the least by your explanation and I will find out what's really behind your quaint appearance here. That said, you managed to ... sufficiently reassure certain concerns of mine, which means that you can follow me into the Exiter , as it is usually called." Noticing Harry's questioning look, Karkaroff of course refrained from elaborating this "Exiter" thingy any further. Karkaroff was definitely one of these "natural git" personas, Harry decided. The "Exiter" turned out to be the building that had been standing behind them. When Harry arrived at the platform, he had wondered about its purpose because it looked like a regular old shack, covered with some sad leftovers of the green colour it appeared to have painted with once. The inner looks even complimented the outer appearance, because it was nothing more than an empty, barren room. The translators he had been promised in the letter turned out to be nothing short of ridiculous. Yes, they worked quite well and everything Karkaroff said in German was translated perfectly and without delay. However, that was not the point. They looked like something taken out of a joke shop. Harry knew the hearing devices of old people; they also tended to lack subtlety. Still, had he been given a choice, he would have preferred wearing ten of those at the same time to this. The translators turned out to be two pyramid-formed green-yellow conglomerations of ugliness he had to fit over both his ears. And not small pyramids at that! They were at least as big as his hands, if not a big longer! "Is that really the only way you can make a translator look?" Karkaroff threw a stern look at him and shook his head in a way that perfectly conveyed "hopeless idiot" without needing any words. "Sir," Harry gritted out between his teeth. The headmaster smiled condescendingly, even his goatee wiggling with scorn. "No, certainly not. But it seems to be the best way to motivate everyone to take language lessons. Or to make one for themselves." Harry snorted, albeit so silently that Karkaroff didn't hear it. "If you have any questions left", the headmaster continued dismissively, "I'd advise waiting until the feast ends, because I will most likely answer them there." Then, he took a step forward, so overtly attentive to his feet that Harry immediately knew something was going to happen. "Durmstrang!" Karkaroff exclaimed. Of course he had no way of knowing what Durmstrang looked like on the outside, but on the inside ... well, it wasn't what Harry'd imagined. The corridors were uncomfortably small, partially claustrophobic even, especially because there was no visible source that provided any light. It was no black night, but the general mood resembled a rainy November morning, just that it seemed dusty instead of foggy - although actual dust was nowhere to be found. The castle appeared in unyielding, never-ending grey tones, not even notably interrupted by the few paintings and the statues that could be found here and there. Mostly, that could be contributed to the stones it had been built of, but Harry thought he found the (somewhat rare) windows worse. They were thick and milky and any light that might be shining on the outside was hold up by the impenetrable obstacle they provided. Durmstrang was definitely purpose-built, and hadn't been planned out by someone who had particularly enjoyed that task. What a fitting school for a person like Karkaroff , thought Harry darkly. This cozy atmosphere had to be right about the most motivating thing ever when it came to learning. However, Karkaroff's conduct probably wasn't innocent when it came to the negativity of his thoughts; his meeting with the man certainly hadn't raised any anticipation. But Harry resolved to try and be a bit more well-spirited about his arrival. Hadn't he always wanted to leave the boring, solemn house in Little Hangleton? Granted, Durmstrang didn't look friendlier, but he'd only seen a few corridors as of now. His decision to be less judgemental turned out to be right when they reached a big room, having avoided speaking to each other the whole way. Loud, joyous chatter reached his ears even before the door opened, and immediately, the school felt a little less depressing, a little less dusty. And inside the room ... well, Harry felt as though he had entered a completely different building. Impressive amounts of bright torches and candles were flying through the air, slowly moving up and down, shining upon everything that happened below them with a warm, comfortable light and providing a very notable contrast to the rest of the castle. And there were people. More people than Harry had ever seen coming together in one room, and his curiosity and eagerness to see something different, something new, far outshined his nervousness at the moment. Harry smiled as he eyed the seven tables that were standing in front of him, from left to right containing gradually older students. Another, much nicer table that was slightly curved was placed at the other end of the hall. Even from this place – approximately 30 meters away from it – Harry could make out some nicely carved ornaments, even if he didn't know their purpose. Most likely, they were only there to be nice to look at, because apart from symmetry, no concrete image – not even a clear pattern – was recognizable. The students' tables were made of the same beige wood, but they had no ornaments, and they seemed to be a little less impressive in height. What stood out, however, was the giant banner that floated close to the roof, well above even the torches. It almost seemed as if it was glued to the ceiling, but the soft fluttering indicated that this wasn't the case. To Harry's surprise, the banner seemed to be glowing a little, mixing the warm colours of the torches with a touch of green. Painted on it was the emblem of Durmstrang, a double-headed eagle over the red skull of a deer with impressively long horns between which a golden banner had been spanned. Harry, sadly, was unable to read what was written on it. When Harry eventually stopped looking at it, he noticed that the atmosphere in the hall had become subdued, and it took no genius to find out what reason there might be for this development. "I humbly apologize," Karkaroff began without raising his voice, "for my tardiness, however, Mr. Harry Potter over here..." Of course he had to point towards Harry, so that everyone was bound to look at him. The reactions were completely different; where some students appeared completely blasé, others immediately began to converse in hushed, hectic tones. Still, there wasn't one not staring. Harry instinctively crossed his arms and looked longingly towards the table of the first years, and it at least seemed like Karkaroff wanted to avoid unnecessarily dragging out this fest, because he grabbed Harry's arm and shoved him towards the left side of the hall. Harry gladly left the center of attention and approached what would be his future