Bite the Bullet Chapter One Katniss' POV How long have I been here? A week? A month? A year even? I've lost all sense of time in this hell hole. At this point day and night have just become one big mix of torture. It's never ending. It seems like a lifetime ago since I was taken out of the Quarter Quell. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I'm 17 years old. My home is District 12. I won the Hunger Games. Went back into the Quarter Quell. President Snow hates me. Now I'm a prisoner of the Capitol. My cell has become the only place where I can escape in even the slightest. It's walls are stained with mold and what must be blood, though I try and imagine it's just worn paint. It reeks of sweat, blood and about every other horrible smell you can imagine mixed in with constant fear and desperation. They only let me bath when I have to do some scripted interview of some sort. Other than that, I along with everyone else in this prison, sit around and collect layers of oil and grime on our skin and hair. That's exactly the state I'm in now. My glossy black hair is full of oil to the point that you can see each individual strand. If I rub my hand over my skin, it's easy to scrub of the grime that coats my normally olive tone. Must ne at least two weeks since my last shower. But what does it matter? All I do other than sit in this cell is get interrogated and tortured. No reason to look good. My prep team would have a heart attack I'm sure. I hear footsteps falling on the metal floor. We all know what that means. Someone is about to be tortured. And as a Peacekeeper in his all white uniform steps in front or my cell door, I know it's me. I push myself closer against the far corner of the cell where I have settled myself. No matter how many times they come for me, I will be always be scares out of my mind. He presses in the code on the pad next to the barred cell door, each button beeping as it's pushed. The door slides away into the wall with a groan, protesting against the rust that has built up over the years. He steps in, his boots echoing through my small quarters. "Alright fire girl. It's your turn." He says in a husky voice that sends chill up my spine. I shake my in head in protest, my jaw clenching in fear. Not that it'll do any good. He still grabs onto my thinning arm with no remorse. Probably forming more bruises than already cover my body. I'm yanked to my feet and practically dragged out into the hallway, the door sliding shut behind us. The walk to the interrogation room takes about fifteen minutes but to me it only feels like a few seconds. I've walked this same path so many times I could do it with my eyes shut. As the heavy metal doors slide open I can already smell it. That grotesque mixture of blood and roses. And sure enough, as I'm dragged further into the all white room with the blinding lights, I see him sitting there. President Snow himself sits comfortably in a chair behind a window. He is there everyday, saying nothing at all. Simply watching and listening to my torture with a neutral expression on his face; clearly not caring what kind of pain I am put through. He stares at me with his snake eyes. I must really be something to see. There has been no way for me to really look at myself but I can imagine what I must look like. I only get two meals here; all both only stale bread and water, so I know I've lost weight making me little more than skin and bones. My hair is tangled and matted. My white prison uniform hangs off my sickly body, covered in dirt and dry blood. Like I said, my prep team would have a heart attack. I'm strapped down on a cold metal table. White light stings my eyes. If only this was the worst part. Oh, but this is only the beginning. My interrogator spreads out his tools on a separate table, looking over them to see what he should start with. Needles, knives, live wires, whips and other countless tools of torture; all that will be used on me. He picks up a knife, twirling it in his in his fingers as he turns to me, a malicious smile on his lips. "Alright girl on fire. Are you going to behave today? Give us some answers?" I look him dead in the eyes as I talk. I'm telling the truth, no reason to be ashamed. "I already told you. I don't know anything about the rebels or the revolution. I had nothing to do with it." I say, my weak voice feeling like sand paper coming out of my raw throat. Screaming does that. His jaw locks and he shakes his head as he dips the knife into a bottle of what I'm assuming is some from of acid. He walks up next to my table, looking down at me with cold, dark eyes. "Nobody buys this little innocent act Miss Everdeen. Come on now, just tell us what you know and we'll let you go." I eye the knife as a drop of acid drips off the tip to the floor. "I-" my voice is so weak I have to swallow to form another word. "I don't know anything." A sigh slips from his lips and he shakes his head, "You're so stubborn. Well, if you don't want to tell then I'll just have to punish you. Unless you want to speak up." His eyes watch me, waiting for me to give up. When I don't, he simply shrugs, "Oh well." He drags the knife down my arm, the acid causing an excruciating burning in my arm. I cry out in pain, trying to push against the restraints. "When did you find out about the rebels?!" I shake my head, tears stinging my eyes. "I don't know! I told you I-I don't know!" I sob. This earns me another to on my leg. "Did you volunteer for your sister in the 74th Hunger Games so you could begin your work with the rebel forces?!" His voice is rising now, venom filling with each word. I can feel the acid seeping into the cuts. The pain seems endless. How am I even supposed to respond while going through this? I look up at him, blood trickling down my cheek as he cuts me again. "I… I never knew anything… I swear." My voice shakes, just barely over a whisper. A primal growl comes through his teeth and now I know things are about to get worse. He throws the knife to the ground, clear acid splattering against the hard floor. "I think it's time we stepped things up a bit. How about a little shock?" A whimper comes from me. I know this torture. They call it "electric treatment" though I know it doesn't really treat anything. Gloves are slipped ont his hands as he picks up the live wire attached to a generator. He walks back to me and holds it just close enough to my side that I feel an unpleasant tingle. "What was Mr. Mellark planning for the rebellion?" he asks through clenched teeth. I stay quiet, silent tears slipping down my cheek. "Fine then. You won't talk? I'll make you scream." He touches the wire to my skin, electricity surging through my veins. My vision goes black. I can't even scream. Strangled sobs leave me as he takes it away. He puts it back without even a question. I can't see straight. Is this happening? I can hardly think. I might black out. Is this ever going to end? "Just tell me what you know!" he screams at me, his face turning red with rage. I want to say something in response but I can hardly think let alone form sentences. My body feels like it's made of bricks. I almost wish I could just die now. If I haven't been rescued by now, chances are I never will be. They clearly have more important thing than to save their poor victors. "That's it! If you're not going to respond to basic torture then we're going to have to try a new method." My interrogator walks to the generator, shutting it off an placing the wire on the table. He takes his gloves off and comes back to my table, unlocking my restraints and pulling me off the table. "You're off lucky for now. You are taking part in a special televised event tonight. So were going to have to wait." He sneers, shoving me towards the Peacekeeper that had brought me in here. "Take her to the stylist and get her ready." The Peacekeeper nods, gripping onto my arm as he drags me out of the room. I'm so weak from my torture that I don't even have to energy to properly use my legs, so I'm stumbling the whole way there; blood dripping down my skin to the floor. I know where he's taking me. To my "stylist". Though he's nothing like the stylists I have come to know. This man is not like Cinna. He is not kind, doesn't lift me up and turn me into something beautiful. All he does is dress me up, covering all signs of torture then hand me back to a guard. I hate this part almost as much as the actual torture. They put me on camera and Caesar Flickerman, who I've really grown to hate since my capture, who asks me questions that I answer with scripted lies. It makes me sick. Doing the same thing I have hated the Capitol for doing my whole life. But what choice do I have? It's not like they'll just kill me if I screw up. No, they'll just torture me more than normal. It amazes me to think that I used to be so strong. They've taken that girl away. Now all that's left is her shadow. Peeta's POV Five months. Five never ending, torturous months. That's how long it's been since I was taken out of the Quarter Quell by the rebels and Katniss was taken out by the Capitol. Making her their prisoner. The only way I've been able to see her is on a television screen sitting across from Caesar Flickerman. She appears almost unharmed. At least to people who don't know her. Those who do can see the emptiness in her normally serious, stormy grey eyes. The way that she fidgets more than usual. Even her feather like hunters step isn't the same when she walks onto the stage. What are they doing to her? It drives me insane. I feel so helpless; watching her in the Capitol, most likely tortured while I'm safe here in District 13. I still can't believe that District 13 even exists. I've gone my whole life thinking that it had been obliterated during the Dark Days when in reality it had been building up, growing stronger, waiting for just the right moment to start the revolution. I find it hard not to hare all of these people. How could they just sit here underground, safe from the Capitol and the Games while we in the districts suffering from poverty and starvation or just barely getting by and sending our children into the Hunger Games knowing that there can only be one winner? It makes me sick just at the thought of it. But I can't take my anger out on them. I have to focus on the Capitol. Destroying them for all they've