Summery: Bella's mother and step-father are killed. She is turned into the very thing that killed them. Weeks of torture, Bella escapes and runs to her fathers. Teaming up with wolves to kill all vampire that cross their land, only to find out that she is the mate of a certain bronzed haired vampire. Can Bella learn to love something she hates the most? Can she learn to love herself? Pairing: Bella/Edward Warning: None for this Chapter Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of the characters. All belongs to Stephenie Meyers. ... Chapter One - Dinner and Death? BPOV "Hurry up sweetheart or we're going to be late." I heard my mother shout out to me from downstairs. It's my sixteenth birthday today. I hate celebrating my birthday. I hate it when people spend money on me. I keep telling Renee - my mother - that I don't want anything or do anything but as usual she doesn't listen. So here I am getting ready to go out for dinner with her and my step-father Phil. As Renee says "Bella you're only sixteen once and we're celebrating it. Now go up those stairs and get ready for dinner. End of discussion". So here I am up in my room getting ready. Why can they just give me a card like my dad does? Thinking of my dad, I looked next to me at the card he had sent me, sitting on my desk. He even sent a little note. Dearest Bella, I hope that you have a wonderful day. Even though you'll want to treated it like any other day. Miss you lots. Love Dad x Like I said a little note. I felt a little guilty when I read the part ' miss you lots' . I haven't spent a lot of time with my dad. My parent's got married right after high school and then had me. When I was only a few months old, Renee didn't want to stay in Forks for the rest of her life, so she decided that it was time to leave and take me with her. I spent every summer with my father after that but stop going the pass three years. Forks isn't that best place to spend the Summer. It's gloomy, near-constant cover of clouds and rains more so than not. But that guilty feeling will go away soon. As I plan on sending myself to my own personal hell to finish high school. You see, my mother has just got remarried. I want, no need to give her space and privacy with Phil. This was one discussion that I wasn't looking forward too. But I have thought long and hard about this. They didn't even go on a honeymoon. "BELLA! COME ON!" my mother yells again shaking me out of my thought. I looked once more in the mirror in front of me. I was wearing a blue knee-length dress - my mother got me for tonight to wear - with leggings and blue plumps. We live in Phoenix, the nights are warm here, so I wasn't worried about getting cold. I grabbed my light black jacket and made my way carefully downstairs, holding onto the railing. Every since I could remember I have always been clumsy. I really didn't want to visit the hospital. When I got to the last step, a bright light flashed in my eyes, I nearly went fell flat on my face. Luckily Phil was there to catch me this time. "Oh Bella. You look beautiful. Doesn't she look beautiful Phil?" my mother cooed, taking more picture with her camera. I, of course blushed and mumbled 'Thank you', embarrassed by her comment. There was nothing beautiful about me, just plain Bella Swan here, dark brown hair, with dark brown eyes and pale skin. My mother and I look alike, but her hair it shorter and she has laugh lines. We are very different to each other. She's more of a happy outgoing person. Always moving on to different things. Were as I like to stay home and read. She's always so happy and cheery. Always trying to get me to join in. Just last week, she tried to get me to do a salsa class with her, but I said no straight away. Remembering when I was a kid and she put me in a ballet class, lets just say I didn't do well. "Are we ready to leave?" I asked. We made are way to the car and we were off the resturant. We already had a reservation here so we were guided to our table right away. It was really packed, which I was happy about because I trip over my feet and landed heavyly on my seat, making it screech on the floor. I blushed when I heard Renee and Phil chuckle. Renee and Phil started to talk about Phil's job. Phil is a minor league baseball player. Having no interest in it, I looked around. It was a nice little restaurant. The waiter came a took our order. I had mushroom ravioli, while Renee and Phil had food was delicious. We all had chocolate cake for desert. After desert Renee placed a small box in front of me. "Mom you didn't ha-" I started to say. But was cut off. "Yes I did. It's your sixteen birthday. I don't want to hear you say anymore about it. Get it?" she said. "Got it" I replied. "Good. Now open". I bit my lip as I opened it. I was shocked. It was a lovely gold heart neck less that said special daughter on it. My eyes started to water. "Mom its beautiful" I crocked out. I stood up and gave her and Phil a hug. I'm not the one to give hugs, so Renee held me a little longer. As we sat back down, placing the neck less in my jacket pocket, I took a deep breath. I wish there was an easier way to tell Renee that I was going to stay with Charlie. I know she's going to think that she's done something wrong or am choosing Charlie over her. I crossed my fingers and hope she's doesn't. Things just never go my way. "Um, Mom...I've decided...um that I want to...um finish high school in...um Fork" I stuttered out. She was very quiet and didn't say anything for awhile. But I knew it wasn't for long. Right on cue, she started. "Bella, honey. Are you serious? No, you can't be serious. You hate Forks. Whenever your father want you to visit you say no, and get him to come here. Why on earth do you want to go there? Why do you want to leave me? Have I done something?". "No Mom, you haven't done anything. You're right I don't like Forks but you and Phil just got married. You need to have time together and with me here, you can't do that. So am going to Forks", I said quickly. Renee looked red face by the time I had finished. "Bella, sweetheart. You don't have to go to Fork just because of us." Phil said softly. He wrap an arm around my mother and patted her back, trying to calm her down. "It's not just that. Charlie's there. He's always wanting me to stay or visit more. So I think now is the best time to do that." I replied back. "No, you're not going Bella. Phil and I have been married for a month and we've been fine so far. I don't understand. Some else has to have you thinking this way." my mother sounded like she was about to cry. I looked into her childlike eyes, and notice that she was trying her best not to cry. I hated make her feel like this. Like it was her fault. Because it's not. I just want to give her time with her new husband. "Mom, you haven't even been on a honeymoon yet." I tried to tell her, that am just in the way. "There's plenty of tim-" Renee started, but I cut her off. "No Mom. You're supposed to go right after your wedding. But you didn't. You stayed here because of me. Because you didn't want to leave me alone. You have to let me do this". Before she could reply, the waiter came over with the check. After paying the bill, Phil, stood and looked at us "Shall we?" Renee got up and turn to me "We'll discuss this more tomorrow. No more talk of it tonight. This is your birthday and we will not get into it". I nodded my head in return and got up to follow her and Phil to get our coats. I knew this was going to take awhile for her to let me go. I just hope it doesn't take too long. I didn't want her to wallow, thinking that she has done something wrong. As we were walking to the car, I had weird feeling. The feeling like you're being watched. I looked around to see if anyone was there, but couldn't see anyone. My heart still pounding in my chest, as I tried to shake the feeling away. As we neared the car I fell backwards on my butt as I didn't notice my mother had stop walking and slammed into her back. I picked myself up and was about to say sorry and ask what was wrong when I hear a stranger talk. "Mmm, what do we have here?" A voice sounded in front of us. I looked around my mother and there stood the most handsome man I had ever seem. He was tall and lean. He was wearing torn blue jeans and only a black leather jacket, that showed his perfectly sculpted chest. He also had no shoes on. He had blonde hair that was tied loose around his neck. He was pale, more paler than I was. As I looked at his eyes closely, his eyes caught my attention. They were red. Everything inside told me to run, to get a far away from this man a possible. Phil step in front of my mother "Who are you?". Fear was evident in his voice. "It's always the same humane questions. 'Who are you?'. 'What do you want?' " the man said smirking. "Why are you doing this?" a female voice said behind us. I turned around I saw a woman. She was wearing black torn jeans, black top and white fluffy coat. She also had no shoes on. Her hair was orange and wild looking, blowing in the wind like flames of a fire. She also had pale skin and red eyes like the man had, but her eyes were more darker than his. She walk towards us like a feline. "James, let's not play with our food" another voice said, with a slight hint of french. This time the voice came from the side of us. I turned around and saw another man. He was wearing black jeans, t-shirt and a brown coat. Also no shoes. He had black hair which was in deadlocks. He had olive-toned skin and red eyes. Food? What the hell does he mean by food? "Fine" James, the man I now knew the name to replied. The man with the dreadlocks grabbed Renee, while the woman grabbed Phil. "Let them go" I yelled as I tried to get to my mom. James - the first man I saw- grabbed me from behind, wrapping his arm around my waist and placing his cold hand over my mouth. I tried my head so I could scream for help he had a hold of me which was very strong. I started kicking my legs back to hit him. I felt like kicking a wall. "Someone fiesty, I liked to keep you around", James whispered in my ear. I shivered, very afraid of who or what these people