Author's Note: The story begins in the film version of the Fellowship of the Ring when the fellowship has reached the city of Lothlorien and has been allowed to seek comfort and protection from the Lady of Light herself. I truly wanted to add something more unique to the typical 10th walker stories and I hope I have done just that! This is NOT a story thrown together just for the sake of a Legolas/OC pairing…I hope you will find interest in the characters I've created and the portrayal of existing characters. DO NOT flame me for any elements of the story/film I have altered or changed…I know the passion of Tolkien fans, being one of them myself, but this is a creative writing website that SHOULD value and accept some changes by the will of the writer. Comments and reviews are always welcome! Text in italics is being spoken in Elvish! Whew! Without further ramble here is my story! – Elleth of Light Chapter One Nothing Like Them Merenwen's POV " How does she know for certain?" I asked, continuing to press my body against the tree. I ran my fingers across the ridges of bark; hoping the wisdom and strength from this aging giant could somehow find its way into my heart. " When is our Lady Galadriel ever known to be uncertain ?" Such a response was hardly a welcomed one; although there was little that could be done to bring peace to my racing mind. I felt the very rhythm of my heart quicken the longer I tried to accept the news that had been delivered to me. I suppose I cannot blame Haldir for revealing it in the manner in which he did. Such news was meant for me to hear directly from our Lady Galadriel, but Haldir had hoped to prepare me for my response. He would never stop his role as mentor in my life. " Haldir…I cannot. This cannot be my fate, to die alongside strangers without the comfort and strength of my kin…I cannot. I will not !" I stammered; a highly unusual manner of speaking for me but words had failed me. I felt all sense of composure flee from my senses; I lifted my gaze to the golden canopy above me. " My lady, forgive me but who said anything about dying ?" I glared at my inquirer. " The fellowship will not succeed…the people of this world will not win this war Haldir! It is folly! This…this so called fellowship is simply a fool's attempt to bring some sense of peace into the minds of the weary !" I felt the warmth of fresh tears trailing down my face as I refused to meet the gaze of my fellow march-warden. I detested appearing to him so weak. " I'm quite certain Lord Elrond is far from being a fool Merenwen. Do not cast away hope so blindly…perhaps with your skill and tactful mind the fellowship may yet prevail ." I wanted to scream, release all my building rage at the elf before me but it was an impossible task when the only thing that I felt my body doing was reaching out hesitantly to feel his arms embracing me. Within moments I was pressing my cheek against his chest. The fabric of his grey cloak was a comfort to my skin. I felt his arms pulling me closer against his muscular build; he then rested his chin upon my head of platinum locks. I could feel his gentle breath upon my features. " You cannot expect me to believe your words. What can I possibly do to aid them, Have they been informed of Lady Galadriel's decision? Surely Elessar will not agree to this ." I felt his chest rising and falling abruptly as he chuckled. " My Lady, Elessar was the first to agree to the decision. He knows better than any, your skill with a blade. Do you think a Dunedain forgets that easily how you defeated him in friendly combat? You are an incredible warrior ." " Incredible enough to face the legions of Mordor ?" I hissed. I felt his hands position themselves upon both of my shoulders before his gaze lowered towards me. " Enough! You speak of defeat as if you have already witnessed it! Do you think I do not fear for your safety? Do you think I desire to idly watch as you venture out from my protection…and the protection of your people? I fear for you, but I believe in our Lady's decision, I do not think she would send you to your death knowingly. She has hope…Elrond has hope…so should we. Now dry your tears; go speak with her and you walk bravely into the company of this fellowship ." His words were bold, but as was the creature he was. I was honored to be in the company of such a presence in the hour my path had suddenly shifted and was facing the unknown. As I continued to stare into his eyes I was reminded yet again how foolish it was that neither of us had ever spoke of love. I often contemplated if I had merely imagined the attraction I sensed; I was drawn to him but perhaps it was still dwelling in the realm of uncertainty. But it was in moments such as these that I knew something was there. Something was undeniably there lingering within our hearts. It was a feeling, a longing, some stirring of the soul that no other could understand; but even now, as we stood in the aching silence that surrounds us, we forced our bodies apart. We exchanged a few bows of courtesy that either meant I'm sorry to allow that closeness to happen, or I'm sorry to not allow it to continue. Haldir was my mentor, my greatest support, my dearest friend and the lover it would seem I would never know. I had never felt so…strangely drawn to another creature in my entire span of existence. However I suppose something resembling romantic involvement between us would appear to be inappropriate. His reputation meant a great deal to him and to me as well. I am the only female march-warden in the land and Haldir, is the one who allowed it. Our feelings would surely complicate things and presumably place me in a reputation I dare not speak of. I earned my rank by my own hand, my blood spilled to get me to where I stand today. " You best not keep her waiting ." Haldir finally spoke. I watched as he stiffened his posture and raised his chin proudly; as if trying to pretend nothing had taken place. I couldn't help but smile before lowering my head. " My Lord ." I bowed. " My Lady. " I took a turn and found myself gliding down the spiral stairs tightly hugging the tree. Before I reached the bottom I paused; I took in a deep breath and exhaled before adjusting my armor and re-positioning my cloak. I then shifted my hair behind me and tried my hardest to assume the role of accepting and obedient elf when all I truly wanted to do was continue my patrol of our borders and maintain my life as it was. I have heard talk of the council of Elrond; rumors about the great savoir in the form of nine companions traveling to the gates of Mordor. What lies were they told to cause them to willingly travel to their doom and for what? They might as well be delivering the one ring to Sauron personally. I tried to view myself as a rational mind; I did not fall victim to false hope and I wasn't about to start. It wasn't long before my steps had brought me to the throne of Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel. Within their presence, the world around was illuminated. As I bowed before them, I kept my gaze low. The Lady Galadriel had this way about her; this power to see within your soul and speak to the very thoughts swirling about your mind. It was…terrifying and awe-inspiring. " Arise ." Lord Celeborn spoke, his tone reaching new depths in tone. No doubt aware of my hesitation to face them. I stood; forcing my nervous hands behind me before raising my gaze to the illuminated beings of power before me. I felt the very hairs upon my neck begin to rise as Lady Galadriel fashioned herself a smirk as she studied me. Suddenly I felt it; the feeling that I knew all too well. I felt her presence entering my mind; my very thoughts were no longer my own. Soon it wasn't my voice I could hear within my mind…it was hers. " Be still my child, you have no reason to fear me ." She spoke; I was grateful for her desire to ease my nervousness. " I do not fear you my lady, I simply fear the future. " I thought silently. " You cannot continue to blame me for what it is you saw in the mirror my dear Merenwen. It was an honor, a blessing not all of my people are given. It was a gift for you to do with as you wish ." " I…will die…" I finally spoke aloud. I can remember that evening as if it were only yesterday. I can still recall the winter chill nipping at my every feature, the blades of grass bending beneath my feet as I approached the mirror. Galadriel had poured the water painfully slow as she silently awaited my gaze to fall onto my reflection. As I clasped either side of the pedestal, a thought entered my mind; it was Lady Galadriel's voice. " Will you look into the mirror ?" I remember her asking me. I answered bravely by allowing my eyes to lower to see images of myself, my life…rapidly being projected into my gaze until finally resting upon an image that would forever haunt my very dreams. There, upon a mound of debris and rubble from a crumbling walled fortress, lay my body. I appeared so fair in contrast to the darkened destruction beneath me. My eyes were fixed, unblinking staring up to the heavens above. My hands gripped the pedestal so tightly; I felt my nails nearing their breaking point against the stone. The peaceful expression upon my face within the mirror was quickly out shadowed by the gash reaching its ugly hand across my throat. My blood trickled with ease from the steady downpour of rain. I tried to blink the scene away from my eyes, but I could not look away. My breathing was reduced to shallow gasps of fear as I tried to force my body away from this dreaded mirror until finally I felt myself fall upon the ground behind me. " I did not summon you there that night to instill fear into your hear t." Galadriel spoke, bringing me back to the reality of the scene at hand. "And yet you intend to send me with the fellowship to meet that very end!" I said harshly in common tongue. " My…apologies. Forgive my tone. I simply…do not understand ." I quickly added as I watched Lord Celeborn shift grudgingly. " You have spent far too long in the company of men. You have the same temperament and you forget your place ." I lowered my head; Lord Celeborn had not yet forgiven me for my absence in Lorien. He deemed it a betrayal when he learned I had grown close to the race of men regardless of the fact that one of those men happened to be Elessar himself. Lord Celeborn was prideful of his people, and though he was kind and just as a ruler, he was not one to forget mistakes. " The future is not set in stone my child. You have a role to