A/N- I decided that I wanted to redo my story Reunited as it did seem kind of rushed, and was not my best work. The idea has been in my head for a while, and I'm sorry that I didn't get around to it sooner. Originally, I was just going to edit the old version, but I quickly realized that it wouldn't turn out right, so I started from scratch. Hope you like it! -S. Saving You, Saving Me It was an absolutely horrid set of circumstances that led me here, to what I assumed was once an apartment building, or perhaps it was a motel. I sat in the old shack's attic none the less, counting the dust motes that fell to the old, unstable floor. I kept my arms wrapped tightly around my knees, crushing them almost painfully to my chest. It didn't matter anyway, if I was alive, or dead, or whatever it was that we were. All I knew was that I was here, hidden away in my hovel, a fitting place for a vampire. All I knew was that I was alone, that she was not, and never would be with me. I tried, desperately to find it in myself to smile at that, a feat I had not managed in nearly seven months. I should be happy for her. After all, this was what I wanted, for her (I vehemently refused to think her name) to have a normal, happy, human life. But, alas, it was physically impossible to force myself to show joy at the fact that I had gotten what I wanted. Instead, I sat there, in the dark, rather depressing room, and my morbid face held not even a hint of a smirk. I did not move aside from my eyes; they often wondered around the old room, touching upon the outdated furniture, the bland walls and defiled floors, occasionally stopping on the rats, who had long since ignored my presence, and scurried about me. At some point, I could see that it had grown dark outside; the bright lights of Rio looked like embers of a dying fire around me. I found myself once again wishing that I could sleep, and let my dreams take me away. Surely if could slip into unconsciousness, I would at least be able to entertain the notion that she still loved me; that she still cared after all I had done to her. My eyes closed involuntarily, and I began to imagine her once again. Her sweet, but poisonous scent of strawberries and freesia as I buried my nose in her hair. Her pale white, porcelain skin. Her deep, chocolate eyes, that were like a window into her very soul. She was an angel, completely immaculate. When the pain of her memory was too much to bear, my eyes snapped open. They darted around the room, trying exceedingly hard to find something to distract myself with. I could find nothing. As the sun rose the next morning, and then set again, I slowly allowed myself to think those terrible thoughts. I imagined what my life, our life would be like, had I not left. Would we be happy, would she be happy? Would she still want forever with me after what had happened on her disastrous birthday party? I hated this. I hated myself. I loathed everything about myself; I was a monster. I detested everything, because I knew, without a shadow of a doubt that the answers to all of those questions would be no. She would hate me, as she rightfully should. I deserved nothing less. I wondered idly if anything would change if I weren't on earth anymore. Nothing would change; my plan could go on as I wanted it to. What was the point of me sitting here, wasting space? There was no point, except to distance myself from everyone and everything; to force myself to forget about her. But somehow, I knew that regardless of her feelings for me, she wouldn't want something like that. So, I used all of my strength to continue sitting there miserably, for her. The next day, something else occurred to me. What if she didn't want this? What if she didn't hate me for all that I had done to her? I know that it didn't seem as if she wanted this at all, in fact she seemed to have her heart set on the complete opposite, but I had built me resolve upon the fact that I believed things would change. She wouldn't be hung up on me forever. She was human, she'd find someone else. What if I was wrong? Could it be possible for her to forgive me? I was unworthy, I knew that, but I also knew that she didn't care about that. With that thought, I was up, shaking the cobwebs from my clothes, scaring the rats away in the process. I would go back, just once, just to see if I had been right. It didn't seem likely though, and I couldn't stop the smile that spread across my face at that. About three hours later, I had fed, and had acquired some new clothes, as my old ones hardly seemed to count as clothing anymore. In fact, I realized belatedly, I hadn't changed my clothes since the day I left. When I was outside of Forks, I just ran, and I didn't look back. Something else occurred to me then as well. I hadn't even taken the time to say goodbye to my family, or apologize to them, as I knew that, save Rose, none of them wanted this. It seemed like I had a lot of groveling to do when I got home. After I had purchased some new clothes, I headed straight for the airport. The woman behind the counter looked at me in a funny way as I told her, in perfect Portuguese that I wanted a flight to the United States. That was all I asked for before slapping down my credit card and looking pointedly at her. I gave her no further information, no state, or town. Her brow crinkled as she tucked a tendril of black hair behind her ear, and began typing furiously on her computer. Her thoughts were riddled with confusion at the situation. I was alone, had no bags, and seemed to have more money than I knew what to do with. After a few moments, she told me that there was a flight departing for Denver in a little over an hour. I silently thanked God for the good fortune I knew I did not deserve. After I had bought the ticket, I stood around waiting very impatiently for the plane to begin boarding. When the voice over the loud speaker finally announced that they would begin letting passengers on, I rushed over, taking my seat in first class. Sitting there waiting for the people to file onto the plane, and then waiting through the mandatory safety presentations the stewardesses had to give was practically torture. When at last the plane was in the air, I closed my eyes, and allowed myself to imagine our reunion. I was knocked out of my musings when sometime later, the pilot's voice was heard telling us once in Portuguese and then in English that we would be landing shortly. I hadn't even noticed that the time had passed so quickly. The fifteen hour flight had been reduced to mere moments in my head. I hurried off the plane as quickly as possible while avoiding human eyes, though I still caught a few looking at me, confused as to why a teenage boy was running through the airport without any bags. I paid them no mind. Thankfully, it was overcast outside. The mass of people in the town made it nearly impossible even try and run, so I took to the rooftops. I ran across the tops of buildings until they weren't any left. By that point it was easy. I only had to stick the less populated places, the small towns and the tiny patches of wilderness that were uninhabited. Within only a few hours I had made it to Washington. At this point I was running as fast as my legs could possibly carry me. I could feel it now, the pull that I had so desperately tried to avoid. I needed her, more than I needed blood. She was everything to me. It was midday by the time I reached Forks. For some reason, I don't know why, I found myself standing in front of our house; the house I force my family out of. Things haven't changed much. Before we left we cleaned up the mess that was made the night of her birthday. Now everything was crisp and clean, white sheets covered all the furniture and the dust had settled on top that. I could smell her scent here, almost like she'd just been here. This time, the burn in my throat was not painful, but welcome reminder. I left the house shortly after that, heading straight towards her house. The house was just as I remembered it, and I could hear Charlie inside grumbling about work, just as it was before. But I could not hear Bella and I wondered where she was. Perhaps she was out with friends, living her life just as I wanted her to. But just moment later something stopped that notion. Two more hikers disappeared, gosh what's next? From his mind, I could see that there had been many disappearances in and around Forks. But it didn't seem like he had any idea what was going on. But Bella seemed really scared; she couldn't have been making that up. His thoughts moved to what looked like a couple of days ago. Bella had come into the house adamantly insisting that there were large dogs in the woods. Maybe she was just shook up. She hasn't really been the same since the kid left. Was he talking about me? But, I don't know. Jake seems to make her happy. Maybe now she can finally move on. Once again he was thrown into flashback. It was the middle of the night, and he was asleep, but he was woken up by a sharp scream. 'Not again.' He grumbled to himself, getting out of bed and moving to Bella's room. She was screaming, no, not just screaming, she was screaming about me. He shuddered, and I mirrored him. I don't know what else to do. He thought. She could be so happy with Jake, if she wanted to. She won't even let herself try and move on. At least she seems happier now. Where did she say she was going? I watched as he recalled a memory of Bella earlier that morning, she told him she was going on a picnic with Jake up by the sea cliffs. Charlie had jokingly reminded her not to fall in the water, and she stuck her tongue out at him. From his thoughts, I could tell that he wasn't really joking. Without really thinking about it first, I turned, and headed in the direction of the beach. A few miles up the road, I remembered something. We were not allowed on the beach. My family and I were not allowed in La Push at all. I briefly wondered if it was relevant. We made that treaty with the werewolves; they weren't here anymore. With that in my head, I crossed the line as if it wasn't really there at all. Bella's scent was also all over La Push. After a moment of deliberation, I followed the strongest one up the road. The scent stopped next to a small, red house that almost resembled a wooden barn. I had a feeling that this was Jake's house. I didn't want to dwell too much on that fact. Bella must really care about him. I left before I