A/N- When we read Romeo and Juliet in my English class, this just happened to pop into my head. It just WOUD NOT leave me alone, and I had to write it down. I'm trying something a little different this time with it being all human, so I hope it turns out right. I couldn't force Alice to stop bouncing, which, in itself, I suppose, was nothing new. I had known it the second I woke up this morning, and checked my calendar, that she would be just about as hyper as the Energizer Bunny on steroids. She had picked me up that morning in her canary yellow Porsche- a sweet sixteen gift from her parents. That car was her most prized possession, and the only thing she managed to keep for the better part of two years. That one surprised all of us, as she was always looking for the next best thing, however she could upgrade her things, she did so accordingly, be it a new phone, or the latest fads in fashion, whatever it was, she had to have it. It was a wonder she didn't drain her parents dry. It was seven fifteen when she rolled out of my driveway. She was wearing jeans, designer, no doubt, a deep red halter top, her favorite black leather jacket, and matching high heeled boots. Her hair was spiked out in a halo around her head, and her make-up was perfect, as per usual. She tried to dress me up, again , but I politely declined, siding instead with my faded jeans, Linkin Park concert tee, and a pair of flats. She had scowled at that, but eventually let it go. "So Bella," She started, barely containing her enthusiasm. "Are you excited?" She was practically vibrating in her seat now, and I briefly wondered how much coffee she had consumed today. I eyed her travel mug wearily. It sat in its usual place in the driver's side cup holder, filled to the top with scalding hot caffeine. "More nervous than anything; I feel like I'm going to lose my breakfast, Alice." "You'll do great, Bella," Her blue eyes flickered from the road for a brief moment to smile encouragingly at me. I really wished that I could believe her, I mean, we had been friends since second grade, and not once in ten years, had she been wrong. It scared me at times, how precise she could be. It was almost as if she could see the future, but then again, that was just Alice. I was used to it by now. Still, I had my doubts. "I don't know Alice. What if I forget my lines? I don't even know what scene the audition will be. What if I freeze on stage? What if I vomit on Ms. Williams?" Maybe I was taking it a bit too far. It was unlikely that any one of those things would happen, but, knowing me, the accident prone klutz, anything was possible. Alice rolled her eyes at me, laughing. She was laughing . "Be realistic, Bella," She chided. "You know every word in the play. You've had nothing to eat in the past fifteen hours," She frowned at this. "I know you want this very much. You won't freeze up. You'll know what to do." We lapsed into a comfortable silence as I mulled over her words. Alice Cullen had more faith in me than anyone. She was the one who had pushed me to audition for the lead in the school's spring production- Romeo and Juliet. Alice was one of a select few that knew of my secret passion. I absolutely loved acting. It was something, the only thing I could imagine doing with my life. I was just too shy to take that first step, to get over my fears. Those fears were silly though, and Alice knew it. That is why, as of two days ago, my name was printed neatly on the sign-up sheet taped to the door of the black box theater. My eyes closed on their own accord, and I tried desperately to calm myself. I could do this. Alice believed in me. Alice was never wrong. I concentrated on my breathing. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. By the time I had calmed down considerably, I found that we were already in Forks high school's tiny parking lot, wedged in between a familiar red BMW M3, and Jeep. The rest of our small circle of friends was waiting for us next to their vehicles. Jasper was sitting in the passenger side of his sister's convertible, waiting for Alice, no doubt. The two of them had been together since eighth grade, when the Hales moved here from New York. Alice's burly bear of a brother, Emmett was facing the back of his car, holding Rosalie against it as they kissed ferociously. When we exited the Porsche, Emmett looked up, seemingly embarrassed. I didn't mind them though. Every one of us knew that Emmett Cullen was smitten with Rose from the moment he laid eyes on her. Thankfully, I didn't fall on my face as I exited the car, like I had done yesterday. I fallowed Alice over to the convertible where she embraced Jasper, and they proceeded to talk eagerly about everything, and nothing. Alice and Jasper were strange like that. Even when there was nothing to talk about, they still wound up talking, just to hear the sound of the other's voice; just to be close. After a moment, Alice mentioned something about the play, and Jasper's eyes moved to me. "Don't worry about it," he said to me, and I could automatically feel my nerves calm. Jasper was absolutely amazing when it came to calming people down. "You'll do great." I nodded to him, not really believing him though. He wasn't able to comment on my obvious lack of confidence, as the bell rang before he could get the words out. The day progressed rather slowly, much to my dismay. I was already nervous, and now I couldn't concentrate on any of my classes. Each period, I would sit in the back of the room, reading over various parts of the play. In Spanish, the teacher had to repeat the question four times before I understood what he was saying, and was able to form a simple Spanish sentence in reply. I could hear giggles from the front of the room at that. P.E. was a blur of bruises and failed attempts to try. Fun. I spent trigonometry in a daze, this time, not due to my lack of understanding. By the time lunch rolled around, all I wanted to do was sleep. I had so much Romeo and Juliet stuck in my head, it was a wonder anything else would fit. The cafeteria was crowded when I finally got there. I made my way over to the line, which was way too long. After ten minutes, I was able to grab a salad. At that point, I happily skittered away. Hopefully my friends would let me take a nap, and not keep me up with all of their chatter. I gently put my head down on the table, resting my cheek on the cold surface. "Bella?" Came a voice next to me. "Let me sleep, Alice." I mumbled to her. "You know, you've really got to get over this." She stated, and I could imagine a pout that was so cute, it hurt to look at, had covered her face. "I know you're nervous, but you don't need to be. You'll do great," I thought she was done, but then she started again. "And anyways, the spring production is nothing to lose sleep over." "Speak for yourself," I shot back. There was a reason my love of acting was a secret. I had stage fright. It wasn't very bad, but it was there. How ironic. I was the world's first stage fright actor. It didn't make a lot of sense. Acting was my passion, and yet, it also scared the crap out of me on most days. Because of that, I hadn't managed to get a lot of sleep these last couple of days, ever since Alice put my name on the sign-up sheet. It was silent for a moment before, "Bella," "What is it Alice?" I asked her grumpily. "He's staring again," And that was all it took for me to bolt up straight, and uncharacteristically begin fixing my hair. Alice giggled. "You're so cute," My eyes roamed around the room until I found his shiny green ones. He was indeed looking at me. "You should go talk to him, Bella." She exclaimed happily. Rosalie nodded in agreement from the other side of the table. "And say what, Alice?" "Well, tell him you really like him. Ask him if he wants to go out." "What do you think this is, kindergarten?" I shuddered, recalling that in kindergarten, Mike Newton, who is still a pain in my rump, followed me around everywhere, and insisted that I was his girlfriend. "No," she said. "I think this is senior year, and you're running out of time." I suppose she was right. I had harbored a major crush on Edward Masen, from the moment he moved to this little town in the beginning of soft more year. It was unrealistic, and I knew it. I was the shy book worm with only a handful of friends. He had practically been labeled the bad boy of Forks high. He never did his assignments; he only came to class when he felt like it; he only hung out with the popular kids, Mike, Tyler, Jessica, Lauren, Tanya, and a few others they deemed worthy to be included in their group. And to top it all off, his shiny black motorcycle was parked right outside the front office. I wondered how he pulled that one off. "This is ridiculous, Alice," I retorted, shaking my head and turning away from the allure of his emerald eyes. "Suit yourself." She quipped, ending the conversation. I ate silently after that, disregarding Alice's words. How could I possibly listen to her? Edward was out of my league, in fact, it scared me just how impossible my fantasies seemed. The bell rang shortly after that conversation, and I gathered up my things, muttered a goodbye to my friends, and headed to biology. It was my favorite period of the day for one reason only. Edward Masen was my lab partner. We had spoken little to each other over the course of the year, yet I found that I knew a lot about him. I had seen, on more than one occasion, song lyrics and music notes in his notebook. Obviously, he was an artist. When he was in school, he paid meticulous attention; almost as if he was hoping to absorb as much information as he could before he disappeared again. I had asked him once, why he was out of school so often, and he shrugged, not looking up from his notebook. "Family problems." On that day, I felt like I had been let in on a huge secret. Could that be the reason he acted the way he did? Was that why he didn't seem to care about anything? I wondered if I'd ever find out the truth, or if I did, how terrible that truth was. Class was uneventful. Edward was there, but he didn't look up from his notebook. Just like every day. I managed to completely ignore him until the end of the period, taking extensive notes on a lesson I already knew. It was the epitome of monotony, but at least it kept my mind off of him. Last period English was a free period. We had a substitute who obviously didn't belong here. The only thing he told us to do was 'study'. Right, because Ms. Campbell had nothing else for us to do. I spent my time