This is my entry for the fantastic May to December contest. I still can't quite believe that I was awarded: 1st Place Overall Judges 3rd Place public vote Judges picks from Twilover76 and LayAtHomeMom Validator pick from Hadley Hemingway and Secret Keepers pick from vampireshavelaws I can't say thank you enough to those who ran the contest, Nicffwhisperer and CarrieZM, and to Kim for holding my hand through the nerves when I submitted it. It was a fantastic success with fabulous stories all round. So much love to those who chose my entry as their favourite, I can't express how happy you made me, and to all the judges who had such a hard job to do. Also to those to who read, reviewed and voted, thank you from the bottom of my heart. Thanks to RoseArcadia for my amazing blinkie, too. All my love to all of you. Congratulations to all the writers. I was in very good company! Huge love to chocaholic123, jcat5507 and patesgreeneyes for all their help polishing it up. ILY. Apologies for the huge AN, but I have been blown away by all the love and support this contest has brought. And ffn is being a pain and won't let me include section breaks, so I've split them with "~rRr~" hopefully it'll be clear enough. I hope you enjoy. I'll shut up now :) Run, Rabbit, Run The heat welcomed me home with open arms. It pounded against my skin and drained every drop of moisture from my body. It took my tears and made it difficult to think about anything else. Hot air poured through my open window, full of baking asphalt and the sickly sweet smell of orange blossom. The radio blared over the noise of passing trucks, discounts on hardware at Kenny's, live music down at the Low Moon. Names that dug up memories of long summers spent with my parents before the divorce. I slowed as I passed Dad's garage tucked away between towering maples. Busy at work under hoods, no one saw me drive by, but I saw his beat-up truck with the gilded lettering peeling from its side: Charlie's Motors . I thought about stopping but decided to get myself settled before I had to face a barrage of questions I didn't know the answers to. The car rumbled down the gravel drive up to the wooden lodge my dad called home and the silver-still lake of his backyard. I dumped my bag on the porch and made my way around the decking, shielding my eyes at the view. It was beautiful and quiet. But the cool breeze lifting off the water brought with it memories that made my knees weak, and it was only when Charlie tapped my shoulder that I realized I was sitting alone in the dark. ~rRr~ Dad pushed open the small window, letting in the scent of the forest and the sound of lapping water. "I hope this is okay. I changed the covers, and there's a closet over there for your things." He pointed to a small wooden door. "It's great, Dad. Thanks." I tested the bed, still unable to look him in the eye. His worry felt like a third person had joined us on the tour of his home. "I'll let you unpack. Then, maybe we can have a talk?" "Yeah … okay." "Right." He knocked his knuckles on the doorframe, like he was thinking about saying something else, before leaving me to it. An old sports bag and a couple of boxes were taking up most of the closet space, so I put my things in a pine dresser. I took my time, hoping he'd fall into routine and be asleep before I made it downstairs. But he hadn't conformed to his normal patterns and was waiting at the table with a cup of coffee. "You all sorted?" "Yeah, thanks. You've got a nice place here." "It suits me. Small and near to the garage. Plus, the lake." He tilted his head to the black expanse outside the windows. "You never could do enough fishing," I joked, my voice wavering. Seeing Charlie after all these years—the silver creeping through his black hair, the new lines creasing his face—the five-year-old in me wanted to climb into his lap and ask him to take my troubles away. The grown-up in me never wanted him to know what had brought me back to his doorstep. "It was a selling point of the place." His kind smile stung my eyes, preempting his next question. "So, Bella. I spoke to your mom." I nodded, ready for his concern and perhaps anger. "She said you were having a hard time, and … needed a break. She sounded worried about you." Relief that my mother had kept her promise escaped me in a puff of air. "Yeah, a little. I really appreciate you letting me stay on such short notice." He rubbed the back of his neck. "Is everything okay? You know you can talk to me, right, kid?" I felt the tears pushing behind my eyes. I didn't want to cry in front of him. I wanted to forget I had any reason to. "I promise I'm okay. It's nothing, honestly. I just needed a change of scene. College and … stuff." I twisted the conversation around to hide how close he was getting to unravelling me. "And I don't have to stay here. I can get a job, find my own place." He watched me for a minute, but he didn't press me further. Draining the last bit of coffee, he stood and pressed a kiss onto my head. "Don't be ridiculous, Bella. You're always welcome here." A tear dripped onto the tabletop, expanding and growing across the wood. I covered it with my hand. "All right, I'm gonna hit the sack. Your old man is getting old . We'll sort everything else out in the morning." "Night, Dad. And thanks again." "Stop thanking me. I have a pile of jobs waiting for you at the garage, so you might change your mind by then." "Sounds good." And it did. The last thing I wanted was to spend time alone, because that's when the demons were at their loudest. "Oh, I forgot to mention. The boxes in your room, Edward's going to be picking them up tomorrow so you'll have more space." I was left in the kitchen with the name Edward ringing a bell I couldn't quite hear. ~rRr~ It was around 4 a.m. when I caved in and turned my phone on. Just to see. To reassure myself I was doing the right thing. It was full of the messages and missed calls I'd received on the long drive here, but no new ones. I texted Mom to tell her I'd arrived, and she responded immediately, telling me she loved me, telling me to go to sleep. I promised her I would and told her to go to bed, too. I'd inherited my night-owl tendencies from her. I only found sleep when the sunset tinted the room pink, but it was deep and dreamless. ~rRr~ I woke to laughter and the smell of bacon. Pulling on an old hoodie over my pyjamas, I headed to the kitchen. I don't know what I expected to find, but the man leaning against the worktop, dressed in garage overalls, did not match the Edward I'd imagined in my head. He was a flash of green eyes under unruly hair, and though laughter had left creases around his eyes, he was younger than I'd expected. My surprise came out as an "Oh" as Charlie introduced him. He didn't seem to notice my lack of manners. "Hey." He jerked his chin a little and slid his hands into his pockets. "It's nice to finally meet you. Charlie's told me a lot about you." I reached for the obvious comeback. "All good, I hope." "Of course." His smile was hidden as he ducked his head, the gesture almost shy, though he didn't strike me as a wallflower. He was comfortable being here with my dad. I wondered how long he'd been staying. He looked like he belonged. I wondered if he knew I didn't. He straightened and raked his fingers through his damp hair, revealing his full height. "Do you mind if I grab my stuff from upstairs?" "Um … sure." I stepped aside and let him pass. He left me with another smile and the scent of his shower gel. Charlie filled Edward's absence with his plans for the day. My plans, too. He talked as if I had always been around, like he knew me inside out, and for a second, it made me feel like he did. When Edward returned with his boxes, he didn't interrupt, but I was aware of his attention on me as I chatted. It wasn't intrusive, more inquisitive, but I still felt the need to leave the kitchen, so I made my excuses and left. ~rRr~ Showered and dressed an hour later, I was standing outside the garage, waiting for my dad and watching Edward pull apart an old Corvette. He was older than me—nowhere near my parents' age, but he had the look of someone who had been there and got the T-shirt. His movements were controlled, like clockwork. His skin—only tinted with sunshine this morning—was now darkened with a mechanic's badge of oil and grease. Dad popped his head out of a small office, tucked away at the side of the workshop. "In here, Bells." Edward looked up at the sound of Charlie's voice and caught me watching him. He tipped his head to the side and raised his brows. "Hey, again." I muttered out a greeting and headed over to Dad. He was buried under a pile of paperwork. "You're kidding me," I said, eyeing the mountain of boxes. "Nope. I'm halfway through archiving last year." He threw a pile of unopened letters into an overflowing trash can. "And when I say halfway through, I'm up to March." I shook my head, flipping through a stack of invoices. "You never were good at math." "And that's why I need you." He patted my shoulder on the way out. "Shout for me if you need a hand." By lunch, I'd made it to May. An old PC stood on one of the desks, drawing my attention every so often. My college had been understanding and agreed to transfer or delay my credits, whichever I chose. I'd already contacted a potential college and was planning to drive up to talk to admissions in the next couple of weeks. Figuring Charlie needed to update his system, I sat down in front of the old machine. I doubted whether it had internet, but a blinking icon assured me it did. Connecting to it was another matter entirely. I went out into the garage to see if Dad could help. Instead I found Edward, sitting outside and eating his lunch. "Hey, is my dad around?" Edward looked up, his gaze raking over me while he finished chewing. "No, he's headed into town for a breakdown. You okay?" I blushed under his attention. "Yeah, just trying to get the computer started. Do you have Wi-Fi here?" He chuckled and brushed crumbs off his lap. "No, but we do have internet. Problem is, it only works on the second Sunday of every month and no days that include the letter Y." "Right. That's good, then." I found myself laughing with him, and it felt good after so long without any reason to. "Come on, let me see if I can get it working." I followed him into the office where he tried and failed to fit his long legs behind the desk. He resorted to half leaning over the boxes, his fingers deftly moving across the keys. He started to talk while we waited for something to happen. "So, you happy to be back?" "Yeah.