(Grey and Blue) Anne Marie first breathed in softly and then sharply. Springs dug on her back, then on her shoulder, then on forearm as she pushed herself up on her elbows as much as she could on the mattress, with the throbbing headache hammering both temples and behind her eyes. The room was dimly lit, grey or light blue. The mattress was in the middle with an empty shelf right behind Anne, knitted tablecloths resembled flowers and rested on different levels of the shelf. There was nothing else but a window on the ceiling that angled down like if Anne Marie were in the attic of some house, the sky was the known grey of cold Great Britain. Anne Marie flopped down on the mattress that creaked, she winced very quietly. Fingers lightly resting on the pounding veins of her temples, then on the lids over her aching eyes. She was cold. And for good reason. The traveling robe she had been using — oh, that robe was Alice's — was no longer on her, not even her jumper or blue jeans. Not to mention her boots and socks. She just had the old plaid shirt that wasn't even hers, it was Sirius', though it could have perfectly been hers since Anne Marie used his shirts more than he did. Anne curled up pulling her bare legs up to her chest, shivering. The open window of the ceiling leaked a cold breeze inside. Anne Marie stared at the touches of white, silver and grey of the clouds overhead trying to think of not thinking whatsoever. She could remember the mission very well, recall each meeting where they spoke about it, number the agreements and arrangements. Dearborn, Meadowes, Young, Fenwick and the Prewett were to hike through the woods towards a marked perimeter where social pariah had set up a camp. An unstable camp, they needed a safe house and sure someone of the Order could guarantee such. Dearborn, Meadowes, Young, Fenwick and the Prewett. "Bring back survivors, and make sure those include you." Moody was clear, he wanted everyone back alive. Anne had intended to follow orders but the inevitable happened, they were ambushed, and now she wasn't sure who had survived. There was screaming, sobbing kids, curses and streaks of light crashing everywhere. Someone took Dorcas (who would tell her husband?) and also Benjy. Anne lost sight of Caradoc, of Fabian and Gideon. The mission was simple, their spies said the camp wasn't being watched but something must have slipped past them because the Death Eaters had been waiting for them. It had been hell there, sure most of those muggleborns and half-bloods and 'blood-traitors' died. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Anne cleaned her tears and stared at the wall before her eyes where was the door, most likely locked. She didn't have her wand, there was no use on a muggle escape if her captors were magic. Anne didn't feel uneasy and just strangely empty, just numb. She wasn't sure if she had already woken up to see the small light blue, or grey, room before but she stared as if newly stirred away from a dream that showed her things she knew. Like dreaming about her room and then waking up in her room, unsure if this was reality or not. It was real this time, yes. Her stomach sank like if she were terribly hungry, though she wasn't, Anne felt sick. New tears came down her face dripping from the bridge of her nose to the mattress. The tears were quiet like everything else, the atmosphere was the one of an early morning: still. Anne Marie didn't clean her face this time. She closed her eyes and locked her ankles trying to find warmth, trying to picture herself in that room of noisy London tucked under various thin blankets. And Sirius, breathing in her ear and a hand resting on her stomach underneath the shirt she was using right now. "It's early," he complained when she moved searching with her hand on the floor for shoes and something to cover up we legs with. Something she could go out with. "You are dreaming, Love, go back to sleep." Anne Marie smiled and he did too when she allowed herself be pulled back against his body to keep sleeping. "Can't," she whispered turning to face him. His eye were closed but he listened. "I have a job." "Be damned," he murmured. "Sirius." He answered by kissing the line of her throat, Anne produced a dry sound that could have perfectly been a groan or a moan that either egged him to continue or berated him into a halt. "Jus' don't go," Sirius said to her warm skin, Anne Marie moved away so she could look at his face. He opened his eyes but they remained slightly hooded because of the sleep. "I'll be back," she promised and kissed him before standing up to finally get decently dressed. Anne said she was going to be back, but now she wasn't. She didn't know where she was, and even if she did there was no escape from here. Opening her eyes Anne Marie still saw grey or blue and waited for the door to open, begged for the door to open even if she didn't know who would do it. She wanted it to open, she wanted to leave but she didn't want to move at all. Anne Marie was tired but she didn't want to sleep. She did sleep in the end, Anne realized, as steps and the sound of the door opening woke her with a start. Looking up she saw two people walk inside sporting cocky stances, still a bit groggy she didn't realize who they were, just that one was female and the other male. "Not so feisty now, Young?" Mulciber. Anne Marie pushed herself onto her elbow, but not liking how the shirt hung she instead sat on her haunches. With Malcolm Mulciber came Bellatrix Lestrange who Anne knew just by reputation, never had she seen Sirius' cousin but she did see the immediate resemblance to Andromeda Tonks and that gave away who she was. "What?" Anne croaked, her throat was like sandpaper. Bellatrix talked, but before doing so she scowled as if the small room suddenly had a horrible smell. "My dear cousin couldn't even find someone decent.. instead he's got a whore." Some other day Anne might have heatedly screamed, cursed or slapped Bellatrix; but today she was so tired and her head was filled with cotton. Anne Marie's dark eyes stared at Lestrange's — grey —, immune to her insults. "I've been disposed from all my clothes," Anne said, voice off and uneasily calm. "I believe.. anyone would look like a whore in such circumstances." "We have questions," Mulciber said. Anne looked at him this time, he still looked like the jerk she knew back at Hogwarts. There were sweet things that never changed. "And we will get answers from you one way or another." "If not.. what?" Anne asked quietly. "I become your prostitute, Malcolm?" His grin was a snarl, teeth perfectly lined and perfectly white. "We'll see," Mulciber said surveying her body, and any other day Anne might have knocked his jaw straight off. But today she just kept her face straight, her mouth in a fine line and her expression bored. Behind them the door had been shut again, Anne didn't have time to see what lay beyond the threshold. Anne Marie didn't even look at their faces and rather stared at their legs hidden underneath long robes, both of rich expensive materials. Anne Marie's head was forced back by someone pulling her hair — Bellatrix. Anne curled a side of her upper lip like if she wanted to snarl just like would some dog, but instead it was a reflex answer towards the rough treatment. Her throat spilled a tiny squeaky whimper. A wand point was pressed to her neck, besides the throat. Bellatrix was looking down at Anne Marie's face with the grey eyes characteristic of the Black — Andromeda, Sirius, Regulus, Walburga, Orion, they all had grey eyes. Anne wanted to bite the wand off her neck, Bellatrix's long nails lightly touched Anne Marie's scalp. Bellatrix's lips moved asking the first question, Anne should have heard her perfectly with the still silence of the small room, but for some reason she was thinking about those who had come with her. Wondering if maybe Caradoc or the Prewett had escaped and told the Order she was kidnapped. Was a search party looking already? Had no one survived and they assumed she hadn't either? Skylet.. Remus.. Sirius.. They would get worried, maybe they were worried already and they told Moody or someone. Would she ever leave? Yes, yes she would. A stinging pain appeared just where Bellatrix's wand was, a burn, like if the tip suddenly became a match. Anne clenched her teeth, her nostrils widening. "I'm talking, mudblood," Bellatrix said, her red painted lips moving slowly when saying mudblood . May that word be damned. "Where is.. the Order.. meeting?" Anne answered with silence. The tip of the was lit up like a stick from a bonfire again, trailing a line down Anne's neck which left her skin raw. Anne Marie bit the inside of her mouth, her tongue, tried to think of something that wasn't this unexpected treatment. She heard Mulciber laugh, voice quiet, like if the noise thumped inside his throat and his chest. "I'm asking you again, mudblood," Bellatrix said once she stopped drawing with fire on Anne's neck. "Where is the Order meeting?" Anne wanted to spit on her face, but her mouth was dry. Her eyes were rimmed with tears but she didn't let them spill. "Be.. damned.." She said, making sure to not move her jaw when speaking to not produce more pain. The wand lit up again and Bellatrix Lestrange drew some more. She pulled Anne's head back to expose more skin, writing or drawing by burning the sensible skin of her neck, at times lingering to create a hole that made Anne's skin hiss. The tears rolled down her temples and into her ears but stubbornly Anne made no sound, her mouth opened and moved in mute cries of pain, but from her throat came not a single noise. "Where is the Order meeting?" Mulciber said while Bellatrix enjoyed her new toy forgetting to repeat the question. "Or how about: what is Dumbledore's next move?" Anne said, "Go to hell", but her voice spoke only ".. to hell". Bellatrix lifted her wand and the cool breeze of the ceiling window landed on Anne Marie's aching skin, all of her neck felt like it was on fire and Lestrange had slowly edge to continue her work of art on the flat bone above Anne's breasts. Bellatrix didn't let go off her hair and made Anne lower her head down to her chest, the burns screamed as her skin contracted and changed with the movement. Anne gasped now facing her own thighs, she had goosebumps. "Where are you hiding all the.. things.. like you, bitch?" Mulciber continued. Anne's tears streamed down her nose and to her legs. "Piss off," she croaked. "You tell me and this won't get worst," he wagered. Anne Marie didn't move. Mulciber didn't speak the spell he used, but next thing Anne felt was a stinging pain just besides her ear and then blood came down her chin and to her thighs joining the tears. Anne Marie sucked in breath, closing her eyes. Now it was Mulciber's turn to play. Like Bellatrix he started to draw and write, he took Lestrange's place on holding Anne's hair to keep her head on place. He used diffindo on the exposed skin he found more appealing until Anne was swallowing her own blood and the tears that now went freefall blurring her vision. She bit her tongue and destroyed her