This is my second Katnick fanfiction and I may say I worked quite hard on this one. Though, I enjoyed writing it so much and I might write more for Katnick. But this is a one-shot, for now. *spoilers ahead* ... And I am mad at Suzanne Collins because in an interview (recently) she admitted that she regrets having killed Finnick. I mean, DAMN RIGHT WOMAN! Regrets don't matter now. Finnick being dead breaks my heart :( Okay, I stop babbling. Enjoy the fanfic! ^^ A/N: English is not my native language so please ignore my grammar mistakes if there are any. Thanks! Disclaimer: I own nothing but this fanfiction. All credit goes to Suzanne Collins. I looked at the clock in the creepy white bedroom they put me in—forcefully and saw it was past midnight. I knew everyone was fast asleep because they were spending their days planning the revolution, trying to come up with a strategy that I would accept. Somehow, by their own, they chose me as their leader and I was not having none of that. Being a leader was not my area. And they told me all these just after they took me away from the arena but left Peeta behind. They all said they tried to find him but couldn't. Yet, I didn't believe a word they uttered. Haymitch, my mentor, was a betrayer. Plutarch, the game maker, was a betrayer. Even Gale, my bestfriend, was a betrayer in my eyes. Oh and then there was Finnick Odair. The capitol-darling. He was in this all along. It seemed like everyone knew everything before I knew them myself. Like always . I got out of my bed, walking out the door on tiptoes. I walked through a dark, long hallway before I reached a certain room I knew. Nobody gave me an actual explanation of what exactly happened back in the arena when I fainted. Everybody knew the truth but didn't even bother telling me. Did nobody see what a mess I've become in the past two-three days that I've lost track of? I kept asking about Peeta's whereabouts and all they did was to say "In Capitol". There was much more to that and nobody told me anything. I deserved to know. Even if I had to learn them from the hard way. When I reached the door of his room, acting as silent as I could, I stood outside still for a few minutes. I listened my surroundings and heard a few footsteps approaching me. I guessed they belonged to the guards so I opened the door and got into the room without a second thought. I closed the door gently before making my way to his bed. I had no weapons with me whatsoever, so if he wanted to hurt me, he could easily manage that. Plus, I was in no state of protecting myself. The drugs they kept giving me to ease the pain were also sedatives which meant I was feeling in peace all the time whereas I was actually not in peace at all. They kept saying it was for the best but I never once asked them the best for whom ? I already knew the answer. The odds were never in our favor . I sighed and sat on the edge of the bed. I knew it would wake him up. And it indeed woke him up. He jolted up and tried to grab something beside the nightstand but didn't seem to find it. It seemed like his weapons were taken from him too after all. Appearently, they still saw the sex-slave of Panem as a threat. Then he saw me and shook his head, letting out a frustrated sigh. "God, you scared me Katniss." He hissed at me as he threw his hand to his hair, ruffling it a little. I got straight to the point. "I need answers." He narrowed his eyes, but it wasn't because he couldn't see me because of the dark, it was because he was suspicious. "I don't have them." His answer was automatic and it let me know he actually had the answers. Well, maybe not all of them but some that'd suffice my needs. "I know you do have some of them. Please, Finnick, I need to know." I stared intensely at him, trying to break through his walls of mind. I needed him to open up to me because he was the only one left from the arena. I mean, besides Beetee. And he was still unconscious so he couldn't know anything. Finnick sighed and lay back down on the mattress. He put his arms behind his head on top of the pillow. Then he started staring at the ceiling. He looked like he was searching for the right words to describe what he knew. Suddenly, I felt dizzy. I didn't remember when was the last time they drugged me but it seemed like its effects didn't pass yet. I lay beside him—not so willingly—but I had to. My head was spinning and I felt like something inside me was draining all my energy out of me. "I knew what they were planning from the beginning but you must have figured that out already." He said to me mockingly. I rolled my eyes and he continued. "Back in the arena, the plan was to take you out. The plan has always been to take you out of there firstly. You were our priority. But we also were supposed to save Peeta. Then… You threw that bow to the sky and we blacked out. I was the one who was supposed to go back for Peeta, Katniss. But when the force field started crumbling down on us…" He didn't finish that sentence and swallowed hard before continuing. "All I remember is you flying to the nearest tree because of the explotion and me running towards you before fainting halfway. The rest is… Well you know the rest. We all know the same story." He shook his head, clearly not approving of Plutarch and Haymitch's so-called plan for revolution. He looked like he didn't believe them either but he seemed to be more hopeful than I was. Maybe I was wrong to have blamed him for helping Plutarch and Haymitch. He didn't have much of a choice, now, did he? "I'm sorry for shouting at you the other day." I muttered a silent apology as I remembered how I shouted at him in front of everyone the other day for betraying me. Though I had no idea why I apologized just now. I guess I still saw him as an ally even after all the things that has happened. He turned his head to me. I saw him smiling but his eyes looked so sad that his smile didn't reach his eyes. He was sad too, just like I was. How could anyone be happy after all the hell we've been through anyway? "I'm sorry. About Peeta." Was all he said before he turned his back to me, facing the wall. I bit my lip and I climbed out of the bed. It was clear he didn't want me there and he made it obvious by just turning his back on me. I went to the door, my hand on the doorknob. He was feeling guilty for not having protected Peeta and I was not even trying to make him feel better. Did I actually put all the blame on him? Could I do that? No. It wasn't fair. Then it hit me. My head rewinded all the things he explained to me and I found just one particular sentence going around in my mind: All I remember is you flying to the nearest tree because of the explotion and me running towards you before fainting halfway . Why… Why did he… "Run to me?" Oh god. Before even noticing it myself, I talked out loud. I was thinking to myself and it just got out without me realising! Asking this to him was wrong. It would put him in a difficult situation to explain. He already said it anyway. I was their priority. But it was his duty to go find Peeta after the explotion. So why , instead of going back for him, did he run to me? "Sorry?" he didn't seem to hear what I said. Well, at least not the first part of it since it was just in my head before I uttered the last part accidently. "I said why did you run to me instead of going back to save Peeta?" I parroted. That's when he sat up on the bed, his legs crossed. His eyes looked at me first and then slided down to my hand on the doorknob. He cocked an eyebrow at me but didn't say anything about that matter. "You were our priority." Finnick repeated his sentence to me, as if I was too stupid to understand what it meant the first time he said it. "No. I was their priority. Your duty was to protect Peeta ." I talked slowly. It was my turn to act like I was talking to a very stupid person. Then he got up from the bed and approached me, taking slow steps each time. He walked like a cat. Elegant, slow, charming… No wonder why every Capitol girl choked on their own spits when they saw him. He stopped when he was right in front of me, mere inches putting us apart. He was tall, so I had to look up to see him fully. Even in the darkness, his sea-green eyes were shining like stars. I felt warmth inside me suddenly. His presence was having a calming effect on me for some reason. I wasn't one of those stupid Capitol girls but I think I was beginning to understand them slightly. I could now understand why they went to Finnick Odair for comfort . I could now understand why they liked to be around him. He had an aura that was impossible to name. Call it charm, call it lust, call it love, call it elegance… Whatever you call it, it didn't matter. You would always fall for this irresistable guy if you let him get close to you so much. "I don't know, Katniss." He whispered. We were so close, there was no need to talk loud. He leaned in closer now, bringing his lips on top of mine. They lingered there for a few seconds before he stepped back from me. "It felt right… to come back for you." My legs went all wobbly and I knew this time it wasn't because of the drugs. This time, it was because of his closeness and his effect on me. My life sucked, my beloved ones' lives were at stake, my independence was not even a matter anymore because I had none and suddenly all I thought of was Finnick's lips. How they would taste. Their warmth… His body was a magnetic field. I became certain of it when I found myself closing the few steps between us. It was wrong yet it felt right at the moment. "Explain." I demanded, trying to keep my voice as steady as possible. He grinned at me. After a long time, he finally seemed like the boy I met. The mocking, seductive, lively boy who tried to give me a sugarcube when we first met. "Do you want to know my secrets , Girl on Fire?" he said mockingly and wrapped his one arm around my waist. He pulled me closer to him and I put my hands on his chest, trying to leave a little space between us. Don't even ask why I did that. I would probably never admit that I did it because I wanted to feel his heartbeat underneath my hands. Nope. I did it to put some distance between us. Yeah, let's stick to that. "Why?" I asked and smiled