Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. * Chapter One * It's the sense of freedom, I think. Tantalising and unreachable. The illusion makes me feel strong, and beautiful. In control. It makes me feel like I have the power to choose who I am, what I do with my life and where I go. It's hard not to feel that way when it seems like you're on the top of the world. Orange seeps through pale grey, bleeding into the dawn and cutting through the light mist that shrouds the tops of the trees. Shafts of light filter through the leaves, down to the forest floor that is carpeted in a thick layer of aromatic pine needles. Wind whispers through the branches, sending a pinecone tumbling down to the shadowed depths and making my hair stir from my shoulders. When it's hit by the rays of the rising sun, it almost looks auburn instead of dark, dark brown. The light plays similar tricks on my skin and for a moment it looks closer to the golden brown tan shared by most of my district. A district that is slowly starting to come to life. Even on reaping day, nobody can sleep for too long after sun-up. The birds make too much ruckus and with so much to do, only the privileged can afford to waste daylight hours. On a normal day, I would have had to leave my spot in the big, old pine closest to our house, much sooner. It would be by the first rays of light that I climbed back down to reality. On Reaping Day however, I crave the quiet, peaceful tranquility more than ever. I'm mesmerised by the ethereal beauty of weak sunlight breaking apart the mist that cloaks the trees below in the valley, by the river that rushes through the basin and by the distinct colour of dawn. A blue so pale it's a grey. I close my eyes and inhale the sharp, clear scents of cool breeze, pine needles and rich, moist earth. Listening to the sounds of the birds, the faint roar of the river, the trees settling in the wind and the faint chirp of crickets. It's with reluctance that I slip down from my haven. Clambering, nimbly back to the ground and immediately feeling smaller and more insignificant as I look up at the towering trees. I'd love to stay there forever, watching the sun climb higher in the sky and then sink back down again. Seeing the rise of the moon and gazing up at the stars, wondering if there's anybody else also looking up and wondering what lay beyond the world we were enclosed in. But, it's Reaping Day and there are things that must be done. I move quickly and quietly through the trees, my hand checking that the coins still remain in my pocket, until I emerge in the town square. It's not much of one. This isn't the main square of our district. It's an outlying post, for lumberjacks like my family and the shops and tradesmen that always sprung up around us. It'll be an hour by barge down the river and then at least another hour's walk, or a shorter cart ride to the main square. It's Reaping Day though, so we should be able to get a cart. The Capitol doesn't give room for excuses as to why people aren't present for the ceremony. They're generally very good about providing transport. I snort quietly in contempt and am treated to the sight of the baker's ditzy daughter almost leaping out of her skin in fright. She's switching the sign from 'closed' to 'open' and she hadn't seen me coming. Now she does though and her bright expression falters as she recognises me. Disgust mixes with fear and she hurriedly re-enters her family shop. I hold my head high and push the door open too. The bell above the door rings jauntily, but the baker's daughter hurries into the back, leaving me for her mother to deal with. "Good Morning, Rosilda," the baker's wife greets me. She's a kind woman, with honey brown hair and and a round happy face. I often wonder why her daughter puts so much stock in gossip when her mother barely seems to notice it. "Happy Hunger Games Mrs Burgen," I reply, my voice even, but a small sardonic smile flitting across my lips at the phrase. Her bright smile falters momentarily, but it's back in place almost at once, "The same to you Dear. The usual, I presume?" The brown paper packet she produces before I've even nodded shows she knows the answer better than I do. I take it with a murmur of thanks, feeling the warmth of the newly baked loaf through the wrapping. I go to hand her the money - another routine - but she breaks tradition, by giving me the price. I falter, looking up at her in confusion, "I'm sorry, don't you-" She repeats the price gayly. As if it's not a third cheaper than the usual fare, and squeezes my hand when I wordlessly hand the money over to her, slipping the extra coins back into my pocket and pondering what I shall spend them on. "Thank you Mrs Burgen," I say firmly, as I reach for the door handle. "Don't mention it Dear. Good luck today. It's your last year, is it not?" I nod and manage a weak smile. We both know that the sweetness of almost being free is overshadowed by the fact that at eighteen, you have the most names you could ever have. For me, with four older siblings and two younger, as well as my parents, that's seventy two slips of paper with my name on them. Still, four of my siblings escaped the reaping, unscathed, with the same number. My name has yet to be called, why should now be the year? "Just think, in a few hours, it'll all be over." "I hope so," I say, forcing a smile and not pointing out that for twenty-four children, the nightmare will only just be starting. "Rise and shine Laurel!" My fourteen year old sister groans loudly and rolls onto her stomach, hiding her face in her arms, "If I'm going to die within the week," comes her muffled voice, "Can you at least let me sleep-in first?" I roll my eyes, "Guess Robin and Fletcher will be able to eat all the strawberries I found… did I mention I bought honey to go with our bread?" Laurel groans again, but still doesn't move to get up, "I'll be there in a minute. Don't let them eat all of it!" "We'll have to leave in about an hour, Laurel!" Robin calls from the kitchen, his voice filled with amusement, "And you still have to get dressed and stuff too!" "Don't you want to look pretty for the cameras!" Fletcher jokes. I sigh quietly as my little sister immediately bolts upright. While I care very little about appearances, and often wonder if things would be different - better different - if I was less physically attractive, Laurel's fluctuating self confidence means she always puts a lot of effort into looking good. "Come and eat first," I say firmly, wincing as she crashes to the floor, from trying to stand up with her feet tangled in the blankets. I offer her a hand up and squeeze it, not letting go until she stops her frantic looking around the room and focuses on me, "We'll get ready together," I offer softly. Her worried expression loosens and an excited smile spreads across her face, "Really? Does that mean you'll let me do your hair and things?" Unable to disappoint her, I just nod and smile faintly as she lets out a little squeal and throws her arms around my waist. Almost immediately she starts to pull back, guilt and worry flooding her face as she scans my expression, "I'm sorry Rose-" "No," I murmur, consciously loosening my tense shoulders and pulling her back, "I'm fine." She resists for a moment longer, then sighs happily and squeezes me tightly. A wide smile spreads across my face and with difficulty - a great deal more of it than I would have liked - I manage to rest my chin on top of my baby sister's head. When did she get so tall? " Rose !" Robin's whine from the next room makes me remember that I forbade the boys from touching the food until our parents and older sister were awake and Laurel and I were ready, "We're all waiting!" "Shut up Rob!" Laurel growls, pulling away from me and straightening her old pyjamas, before leading the way out of the room, "Waiting a few extra minutes won't kill you!" He sticks his tongue out at his twin sister, a childish gesture that she doesn't hesitate to reply to in kind as she slumps down on the seat beside him. I slip into the one between my mother and older brother, glancing around the table. Of my six siblings, there's only four still living at home. Though that number is set to decrease soon. I smile across the table at Tillia. She's older than me by four years and is engaged to be married soon. As always, there's a crease of worry between her brows and a tired smile on her lips. Even though it's Reaping Day and she's been working longer and longer hours to save as much money as possible, she can't keep the smile at bay. It makes me glad to see her so happy, though I'll miss her when she moves out. Just like the eldest of us, she'll move into an 'assigned' house with her husband. In reality, the reason Tillia is working so hard is to support her fiancé as he rushes to finish building their new home. That's life when you live in a part of the district that's only really cropped up in the last three decades. Our own parents came here when they were married because there was both a need for a seamstress and plenty of work for a typical logging lumberjack. Still is. "Honey?" Tillia frowns slightly, glancing at me curiously, "How'd we afford that?" "Honey!" Fletcher moans, smearing a large amount onto his slice of bread, "You know what Rose? I don't think I tell you how much I love you often enough." I smile as Laurel and Robin take turns to greedily spread it on their own bread, their own eyes lit up with happiness, "Mrs Burgen charged me far less than normal today," I explain for my more money conscious sister and parents' benefit. I pull out the remaining coins and push them towards my father, "I've even still got change." My parents exchange a long glance and Fletcher pauses in his devouring to lift an eyebrow curiously, "Reaping Day," I shrug, "She wished me luck too." I wish I can take back the words the moment I see the effect they have. Laurel knocks her knife to the ground with a clatter, Rob's face goes extremely pale and my Mother grips the edge of the table so hard her knuckles go white. Fletcher and my father exchange tense looks and Tillia's smile vanishes. "It's your last year Rose," Robin murmurs, still deathly pale, he injects a positive tone into his voice and manages a small smile, "You'll be out of the reaping for good!" "And you and Laurel will be one year closer to being safe too," Dad says and I see him reach under the table to squeeze my mother's hand. Nobody says a word about what might happen if we get picked. Fletcher jokes about me being an adult, putting into words the unspoken assent that being safe from the reaping makes you no longer a child. Tillia says we should celebrate tonight and Dad notes there's a bottle of