Reign of the Bloody Mockingjay Summary: Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark have returned home from the 74th Hunger Games only to find that the home they were stolen from to become tributes to a Capitol who cared nothing for their safety, has become a place of nightmares for them both. The blood and gore from the games has left them both damaged, Katniss more mentally, while Peeta's damage is more physical. They grow together to try to chase away the night terrors, while visits from a dangerous president and thoughts of conspiracy begin as hushed whispers throughout the districts. The Victors Tour lays out the scene for a revolt and Katniss is stuck in the middle with her newly appointed fiancé Peeta Mellark. When they are told they will be chosen to be in the Quarter Quells, Katniss realizes the horrifying reason for President's Snow's appalling request for the young woman and she now fights to keep safe something she never wanted in the first place. iWARNING! - This fiction is graphic in nature. It is for 18+ please, or those with iron-hided minds. Remember that. Thank you! A/N - Band wagon jumping! Blanket Disclaimer: I do not own Hunger Games or the characters. I do however own Fallyn Snow, SanSeraph Black, and Lucious Black. Don't steal their goodness ^.^ Chapter 1 Broken Seam Gray Eyes ~ The nightmares were endless, just a revolving cycle of faces warped in death with twisted limbs and broken bodies. Their wide, sightless eyes were upturned in terror as their last moments were spent in he claws of pained agony. They knew they were going to die and that was the worst part. ~ The games took everything and gave back nothing, leaving her victors terrified and useless. They had become merely soulless husks of their former selves, a type of marionette doll for the Capitol, and with deadened gazes that stared out of voided minds whose thoughts had been perverted by gore the insatiable need to survive. ~Katniss sat immobile for days on her brand new bed in her brand new home stationed on Victor's Alley, simply staring out the window without a word. She had refused food and sleep, only drinking enough to keep her body functioning if just barely, though both her mother and Prim could see that the Girl on Fire was withering to nothing. Her so called flame was swiftly becoming extinguished and there wasn't anything either of them could do. ~Her normally bright Seam gray eyes were distant and the dark bags beneath them grew longer and darker as each sleepless night passed her by. She ignored her mother and sister's pleading to eat, not answering Gale when he would come over to check on her. Even hunting disinterested her. As more time passed, it was apparent to those around her that Katniss was gone, her mind left behind in that forest that stole away whatever shreds of childhood innocence she had grappled onto before the reaping. ~Two weeks after her return and Katniss Everdeen looked like death. Her sunken cheeks and ashen colored skin had marred whatever beauty she had, and her bony, almost fragile frame looked so brittle that a soft breath could've blown her over. ~Mrs. Everdeen was at her wits end with her daughter when she made the decision to walk down Victor's Alley that chilly autumn morning. With Primrose watching the Capitol's beloved Mockingjay, she knew that Katniss couldn't get herself any further down the rabbit hole than she all ready was. ~The middled aged woman stood on the porch of another victor, one she knew could put her oldest daughter back on track, and she raised her small, thin hand to the door to give it a light rap. From beyond the entrance the woman could hear sounds of things being moved around, things clanking together, and someone whistling from a small distance away. ~Steeling herself again, Mrs. Everdeen inhaled deeply and raised her hand again, this time knocking louder. For a moment there were sounds of ensuing chaos, something had been dropped as if the owner had been startled, but not a few agonizingly long moments later the heavy footfalls of someone distinctly male came traipsing towards the door. ~The knob turned and opened wide to reveal a disheveled and flour covered Peeta Mellark. When his gaze caught the older forties medium blonde woman with worn blue eyes, his own sky blue ones widened slightly. It was obvious Mrs. Everdeen wasn't an expected guest, but Peeta was anything but inhospitable and after stuttering a few times, he opened his door wide to allow the mother of the woman he loved, inside. ~"I-I know I'm unexpected," she began with a low voice. ~"It's okay," Peeta answered, leading the woman towards his well-used kitchen. He was in the process of making cream-filled pasteries and had apparently gone overboard, the delicacies were stacked high and piled on top of each other in endless troves. He noticed his guest's eyes questioningly absorbing the baked goods heaven before her and could sense her rising awe. "It keeps me busy," he answered for her, "I give them out to the kids." ~Mrs. Everdeen nodded wordlessly and felt her gaze drop to the floor as she wrung a portion of her blue flower printed dress in her hands. She didn't know how to start, talking about Katniss in her current comatose state made her feel as if she was ratting her daughter out to the Peacekeepers for poaching. Katniss was the strong one, not her. She didn't know how to be the solid one in the family. ~"Something tells me you're not here to see my obsessive baking." Peeta tried to joke, but Mrs. Everdeen didn't smile and the young man lost the humor. ~"It's Katniss." ~Two words Peeta hadn't honestly been expecting to hear. He hadn't seen or spoken to his victor mate since he'd gone home that first night after arriving here and he wanted to keep it that way to mend his aching heart. ~"What's wrong with Katniss?" He almost dreaded the answer, feeling some heavy weight crushing his chest. A million thoughts were currently screaming through his mind. Is she hurt? Is she in trouble for hunting? What's going on? ~"I think..." She paused and looked up at the young blonde man who had helped bring her daughter home from the games. He looked strong, healthy, and though there was a visable change in his deep blue eyes from before the reaping, they were still bright and full of life. And right now severe concern. ~"I think you should come see her." ~The request wasn't what Peeta had been anticipating, but he knew that if Katniss' mother was in his home looking like she was about to cry over her brunette manned daughter, then it was a request he was bound to honor. He nodded and untied the strings from his apron, pulling it over his head to toss it onto the counter. They walked out silently, the door clicking closed behind them as they hurried to Katniss Everdeen's home. ~Peeta witheld the gasp of surprise upon seeing the love of his life's transformed shell. She looked awful, like a string bean with limbs. Her hair was dull and her eyes lifeless, nothing like the girl he'd fallen for when he was five. She looked... dead. ~Katniss didn't even acknowledge Peeta's presence at first, starring out the window while her memory reel continued to replay on autopilot. She only looked up when there was some foreign body that came to sit next to her. For several agonizing moments, there wasn't a hint of recognition in her eyes until out of nowhere, she spoke. "The boy with the bread," she croaked out, voice hoarse from lack of use. ~Peeta nodded, "yes, it's me." ~More unnerving silence ensued, but at least Katniss was looking at him. Him and only him, there was no one else. ~"Are we dead yet?" She asked. ~"No, Katniss, we're not dead." ~"We should be," her eyes drifted back towards the window, "we should be dead just like Rue. She dreamed to live more." ~Peeta haltingly reached out for her hand and pulled it to his lap, "no, Kat, we shouldn't. What happened to Rue was an accident. Please don't blame yourself." ~"I see them. Cato, Foxface, Thresh, Rue. I see all of them when I fall asleep with their dead faces glaring at me. They know I should be dead too!" She yanked her hand back and pulled her knees to her chest to sob into her legs. "I think I'm going crazy, Peeta!" ~Unable to help himself, Mellark wrapped his strong arms around her and held her to his chest while she bawled. Whenever he thought she was about to finish, a new wave of wracking sobs overcame her and she gripped to Peeta as if he was the only thing keeping her grounded to earth. ~An hour passed and tears turned to heaving hiccups and finally, at length, silence. She was dead weight in his lap and he felt the soft, deep rising and falling of her chest against his, her heartbeat thrumming in tandem with his own. She had cried out the last remaining vestiges of her held grief, falling into a deep, restful sleep once again in his arms, something he hadn't dreamed she would ever do again. ~ Gingerly, Peeta laid Katniss' unconscious body on her bed, careful to pull the covers over he so the chill wouldn't creep up. She looked finally peaceful in her dreams and as he rose to go, something snatched up his hand in a vice grip. His eyes looked down at her, startled to find a fully awake and alert Katniss staring up at him almost begging. ~"Don't. Please." ~He couldn't believe what he was hearing. Katniss Everdeen didn't want Peeta Mellark to leave, bu he had to be sure. She had to say those words. "Tell me, Kat. What do you want?" ~Without missing a beam he shell shocked sixteen year old gripped tighter to his hand, "don't leave me, Peeta. Stay with me always." ~He nodded obligingly and came to lay down beside her, pulling her too thin, needy form to his chest. As she drifted off into a nightmareless sleep, he whispered back to her, "always." ~Katniss dreamed of sitting on the floor of her home in the Seam. A warm fire was roaring in the fireplace, keeping the entire house warm and toasty. She sat smiling on a threadbare rug, watching her father gently sharpening an arrow head for her bow, all the while explaining the complexities of weapon making. It was obvious he was enjoying himself and beside him sat Katniss' mother, Lillian, warmly taking in the scene with Prim beside her. There was no worry of the games, no being careful because of Peacekeepers finding them with weapons, and for the first time in a very long time, Katniss' father was alive and watching over them as he always should've been. ~This place was paradise, the only place President Snow, the death games, and the Capitol couldn't reach her, but something was missing, something the young sixteen year old couldn't place. ~A light rapping sound on the front door drew Katniss' attention away from her happy, whole family. She raced to the threshold and opened the barrier wide to reveal the only missing puzzle piece in her current, dreamlike life. A pink cheeked, flushed Peeta Mellark standing in the light snowfall from the darkened outside stood before her holding several packages. He was wrapped in a warm, old winter coat she was sure was a hand-me-down from his father or older brothers. But none of that mattered, he smiled brilliantly and came inside upon the invitation to place the gifts on Mrs. Everdeen's table. ~"I brought chocolate cake," he informed and in an instant, Peeta was being gushed over by an excited Prim and