Chapter 1: Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different? ~C.S. Lewis "My little girl! Oh, she's all grown up!" "Mum!" Dani groaned. "I have to go! Look! Serena is waiting for me!" With an obvious eye roll, the seventh year pried her sobbing mother off of her and kissed her father on the cheek. Within the past seven years, Danica Monroe had really grown. The shy, bookish child had transformed over the years into somewhat of a social butterfly. Although she remained as bookish as ever, she had outgrown her shy nature to become one of the most outgoing students in her year. "Goodbye!" She called lightly, her ringing voice cutting through the white noise of the train station. Dani waved one last time before turning toward the Hogwarts Express. This is it. She thought. Seven years starting now. That's when she spotted Serena waiting for her by the train. She smiled to herself as she hauled her luggage toward the train. Serena Thompson was perhaps the most outgoing of all of Dani's friends. She was also Dani's best friend, the two of them having met through family years before they'd even gone to school together. Serena had brought Dani out of her shell that had always seemed so impossible to break, despite their being nearly exact opposites when they had first met: Serena Thompson. The angelically beautiful girl that everyone, no matter who they were, seemed to just adore. She was long and lean with beautiful olive skin; her dark hair fell in natural waves around her shoulders as if she'd spent hours getting it to look that way. A truly gracious smile was always playing on her lips and her eyes seemed always a shining sky blue. She could get along with anyone. It was clear that Serena had a way with conversation the way Danica had a way with writing. "So..." Serena hummed as they hopped onto the train. Danica admired the familiar sounds and sights around her. The train was filled with the warm sounds of her classmates' chatter and the steam engine beginning to take off. Slowly, a smile made its way to her lips. This year would be different; she could just tell. She would try something new. Make some new friends, not that she would ever leave Serena's side. They'd had a bond stronger than anything; nothing could come between that. Nonetheless, something in the air was so inviting about this year. Dani, with a flip of her curly golden hair, turned back to Serena, who was rolling her eyes. "Danica Monroe..." Serena sang with a smirk, something that Serena had always done whenever Dani managed to tune out (which was quite often really). Drawing back into reality, Dani shoved Serena lightly. Her nose crinkled upon hearing her full name. "What?" Dani questioned, giving her friend her full attention now. Serena smirked and pointed behind over Dani's shoulder. The young witch turned around just in time to see Sirius smirk before he scooped her up into a spine crushing bear hug. Danica shrieked, despite her laughter ringing through the train car, "SIRIUS!" Despite her tall height, Sirius still had a few inches on her and about fifty more pounds in muscle, so it could be assumed that's what made it so easy to pull her into a spine crushing bear hug and spin her around. "Put me down! Put me down! I'm going to be sick!" Dani exclaimed. Sirius laughed and set her down, tugging on one of Dani's curly blonde locks. She scoffed lightly and smirked at her friend. "Where's your gang?" she asked with a cock of her eyebrow, leaning against the glass window of the train car. Now, Dani wasn't particularly close to any of the so-called "Marauders," except for Sirius whom she hadn't even met until her fourth year. She'd been roped into tutoring him in Care of Magical Creatures that year, and ever since then, they'd remained as close of friends as ever. Sirius leaned against the wall opposite the two Gryffindor girls. He rolled his eyes; however, his expression remained more gleeful than annoyed. "James is trying to talk to Lily, again," Sirius shrugged as he crossed his arms over his chest. "I'm getting rather bored of it. So I thought I'd leave and come annoy my favorite person." He picked at his nail casually before sending Dani and Serena a sly smirk. Dani chuckled at the idea of that conversation going down. Lily was another one of her close friends; although Lily and Marlene were closer than either were with Serena or her. But nonetheless, the four girls were close friends; and Danica had always enjoyed Lily's bookish nature which she had so often related to. Although the two of them had fought more than most friends ought to, but Dani had come to assume that friends fought and that's how life works. Although, it could get rather annoying at times. "Well, Miss Priss," Sirius started with a smirk. Dani sent him a playful glare; she hated it when he called her that. However, Sirius only grinned and slung an arm around her, "Alright, Dani." Serena cleared her throat, catching the attention of Dani and Sirius alike. She rolled her eyes at them before declaring, "Okay, well, I'm going to find Lily and Marlene. Come sit with us later, yeah?" She was smirking in an ever-Serena-looking kind of way. You know the way that makes you feel like she knows everything that you're up to, even if you aren't up to something at all. But Dani had grown used to Serena's ways a long time ago. Dani nodded her head with a grin and waved goodbye. "So," Sirius began after Serena sauntered off to find the rest of her friends. "What'd you do over summer?" "Well," Dani started as they walked side-by-side down the hallway of the train cars. Sirius's arm was still slung over her shoulder holding her to his side; in return, Dani snaked her arm around his waist. "If you mean what I read over this summer." With her free arm, she slid an old worn book out of her book bag. "To Kill a Mockingbird. Harper Lee. It was one of my favorites of the summer," she added. Sirius took the book from Dani's hand and, giving her a sideways grin, opened it up to the first page. This was one of the two's traditions. Sirius had become increasingly interested in muggle books and music, and Dani (being the half-blood witch that she was) would readily supply her favorite recommendations. She had shown him many of her favorite novels and plays: The Odyssey, The Picture of Dorian Gray, even Romeo and Juliet (which wasn't really one of her favorites, she just thought it would be funny to see Sirius reading it). Currently, however, she was working on Pride and Prejudice; one of the classics that her Mum gave her just before leaving the house this morning. As the two of them fell quiet, Dani glanced up at Sirius, who seemed to be endeavored in reading the summary on the back of the novel. His jaw was slack the way in always was when reading, his lips parted and moving ever-so-slightly to the words he read. Long black eyelashes fluttered slightly as his gray eyes scanned the book cover. Danica smiled to herself; she had always enjoyed the sight of showing someone one of her favorite novels. She raked her hands through her hair and leaned against the window of the car they were in. Sirius did the same, still holding the book in his long-fingered hand. "So, was it good?" he asked eventually. Dani paused before answering, taking in the allure of his voice. His natural fascination that seemed to be a rarity in itself (at least to her peers), but as close as she was to him, it was as common as the sun rising every morning. The sunlight through the window (an oddity for this time of year) warmed their backs through the smooth window pane. Dani couldn't help but notice the thin fabric of her button up rubbing against his shoulder. Smiling now, she nodded. "Very," she replied. "But I won't tell you anything more; you'll need to read it yourself." Smirking, Dani smacked him in the chest and walked off to find the girls. "Where are you going?" Sirius called after her, wanting to spend at least a little more time alone with her before going off to find his friends. Turning over her shoulder, the witch added, "I'll give you those records later!" "Knock, knock," Dani greeted as she entered the compartment. Lily and Marlene grinned as she plopped down and flung an arm around Serena. "Hey, pretty thing! Glad you finally decided to join us," Marlene grinned. She ran a manicured hand through her blonde hair and asked, "Where were you anyway?" Dani shrugged, leaning back in her seat. "With Sirius," she returned casually. "I had to give him this summer's favorite novel." Lily's green eyes sparkled with curiosity. "Which book?" she questioned excitedly. "To Kill a Mockingbird." "Merlin, I love that book... You know," Lily started with a smirk. "You just missed your friend James." Lily rolled her eyes and added dryly, "He asked me out again." Dani rolled my eyes, feeling that she should have grown used to Lily's "James" comments. Honestly, it had been years of this, but Dani was still bored by it, and might I add just a little bit bitter about Lily always associating her with James just because of Sirius. "I'm not friends with James; we barely know each other. I'm friends with Sirius," Dani returned, almost mechanically. She sighed, "Anyway, how'd that go?" Lily shrugged in response, flipping her vibrant red hair. "Annoying. As per usual." She raised an eyebrow and glanced out the window. The sunlight lit up her face, illuminated even the smallest of freckles on her button nose. It was no surprise why James Potter was so enamored with her. Lily Evans was comparable to Aphrodite with the brains of Athena. "But what a hunk," Marlene added dreamily. The girl sighed and leaned back. "If I were you, Lily, I'd already have fallen for Potter. Hell, I'm head over heels for him now. And that Sirius Black! Don't even get me started!" She grinned cheekily and turned to look at Lily's face, awaiting the annoyed glare. That was the thing Danica loved about Marlene, she could easily tease anyone and get away with it. She was an equally amount of charming and annoying. Lily's nose scrunched up in disgust. "You can have Potter, " Lily replied. "He's a complete jerk anyway." Lily's eyes met Danica's and they shared a moment of understanding. Dani knew the exact reason why Lily hated James so much. The day that James embarrassed Severus in front of the whole school. And by the time Lily came to his rescue; Severus had called her something so unforgivable that not even Lily could forget. If Dani hadn't been with her when it happened, Lily might not have told anyone. "Anyway," Lily began, a smirk forming on her pink lips, "Don't know about Sirius; he might be taken by a special someone ." Lily grinned and raised her eyebrows at Dani. "No," Dani spoke sternly, however all of the girls were peering at her with suggestive looks and wide grins. She shook her head. "I am not dating Sirius. No. No. Nononono." Serena smirked knowingly. "Well, of course you aren't. Not yet at least. But the way you two look at each other..." Dani stared at her friend in bewilderment. "That's ridiculous! I don't like Sirius like that!" Marlene leaned forward with a giddy smile on her face, "And the way that he's always smiling with you and teasing you! He's always touching you in some kind of way!" Danica stared in horror