EMOTION SUMMARY: Seth has always loved Jacob, but after he finally confesses; Jacob rejects him and the pack turns on him. Will Seth fall into despair or will his dreams come true? (Jacob/Seth- slash) also (Leah/Sam) and (Embry/Collin) AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is my very first Twilight fan-fiction so I don't know if it's any good but I worked really hard on it. Please read and review and let me know what you think. Criticism is loved, as long as it's constructive. SETTING AND CHARACTERS : The main focus of this story is (Seth/Jacob) and the Quileute characters. Breaking Dawn does not exist in this story (Let's burn every copy of that book!^^) This story takes place two years after Eclipse. The first chapter begins one year after Eclipse, and then the story continues in chapter two another year later. Basically, the majority takes place two years after Eclipse. Therefore, the characters' ages have been modified. Seth just turns seventeen and Jacob is nineteen. (Sorry, I know it is confusing but I'll explain later in the story) Furthermore, characters may be VERY different from their counterparts in the books in terms of personality and characterization. I changed many things about them to fit the story. WARNING!!!!: The rating is categorized as (M) for homosexual material, language, alcohol use, sexual material and adult situations so if you are offended or disinterested in such material, please TURN BACK NOW. DISCLAIMER: Unfortunately, I don't own the Twilight saga, or any of the elements associated with it. If I did, Breaking Dawn would have NEVER happened, the Quileute wolf pack would have THEIR OWN SPIN OFF SERIES, there would be NO SUCH THING as imprinting and most importantly; JACOB AND SETH WOULD HAVE ENDED UP TOGETHER, hahaha. ^_^ Main Cast: Seth Clearwater, Jacob Black, Leah Clearwater, Sue Clearwater, Collin, Sam Uley, Embry Call Supporting Cast: Bella Swan, Emily Young, Quil Ateara Jr, Jared, Paul, Brady, Kim Connweller, Rachel Black, Claire, Billy Black, Quil Ateara Sr, Charlie Swan, (unnamed wolves from BD) : Logan, Elijah, Michael, Kyle, Wyatt, Nathan, Trent (I wanted to give them names because it always pissed me off that SM couldn't be bothered to give them names, but she named all the vampires. Also, I know they didn't appear until "breaking dawn" but I want to include them here anyway.) Special Guests: The Cullens?... maybe? (undecided) I'm not sure yet because I really just want to focus on the Quileute. (Yes I'm biased, I know ^^) Chapter One ONE YEAR AFTER "ECLISPE" Seth looked out from the window, taking in the orange setting sun and the dark amber sky that would soon bring in the twilight. Seth looked absentmindedly over his shoulder to see Jacob striking poses while looking in the mirror, his open laptop blasting loud music while he rapped along to the perverse lyrics. Seth laughed to himself. He originally came over to help Jacob pack for his departure for college in the morning but so far they hadn't got much done. Seth raked his hands through his short raven hair, although his hair was getting past his ears now and he knew he would have to cut it very soon. Turning to Jacob, he started giggling again at the sight as Jacob continued striking poses as he looked at himself in the mirror, flexing his muscles like he was a weight lifter. Seth rolled his eyes as he thought how Jacob could probably give even a professional weight lifter a run for their money. Jacob noticed Seth giggling and smiled at him as he walked over to him. As Seth took in the sight of Jacob, shirtless and muscled, sweat glistening on his russet skin , his short raven black hair spiked up and that cocky and yet kind smile, Seth began feeling his blush creep into his cheeks. Seth knew he shouldn't be having thoughts of his best friend in this way, but at the same time he's been telling himself this for years now. Jacob approached closer and closer to Seth until he had Seth backed against the dresser, their chests touching and Seth could almost feel the heat radiating off of Jacob's bare chest. Seth gulped as Jacob reach out to him. "J..Jake?" Seth questioned nervously, but before he could say anything else, Jacob reached over Seth's shoulder and grabbed something from the dresser behind Seth. Pulling his hand back, Jacob revealed what he had grabbed. It was a black tee and he quickly pulled it over his head to cover himself up. "Oh..uh…a tee shirt..um…" Seth stuttered, feeling stupid and embarrassed at thinking his darkest fantasy was about to come true. Jacob smirked at Seth, playfully ruffling the younger man's hair. "Gotta cover myself up, don't I? Don't want you gawking at me all day or we'll never get anything done." Jacob said chuckling with his husky voice. "Me?" Seth whined. " You're the one showing off in the mirror. Shouldn't you finish packing before tomorrow morning?" Seth asked incredulously. Jacob started laughing as he pushed Seth playfully. "I guess you're right."Jacob said as he returned to his luggage which was on his bed, as he began to randomly pull clothes from his closet and stuff them messily into his bags. As Seth turned back to looking out of the window he smiled to himself, memories of the sixteen years of his life creeping up and pulling him back through all of his emotions and experiences in a mere few seconds. He felt himself straining to keep a smile on his face as the many beautiful and painful memories of the previous sixteen years flashed before his eyes. From his early days as a child, playing with his best friend Jacob to the day he first transformed into a wolf and lost his father to the day that he fought alongside his fellow pack mates and the Cullens against Victoria's army up to today. Seth walked back and forth from the closet to the bed, helping Jacob put more clothes into his bags, all the while trying to keep a smile on his face. Seth realized that this day would have come sooner or later. But it seemed to have come all too quickly for Seth. It had been a year. One whole year since Victoria and her army of newborns were defeated and Jacob had run away after the battle. However, after Bella and Edward had postponed any talk about marriage, Jacob returned. Seth later learned that it was because Bella had written Jacob begging him to come home. After Jacob returned, he continued his senior year at the reservation high school and now Jacob was eighteen and had just graduated from high school. Today, Seth could never have been more proud of his best friend as he prepared to head off for college, however, being sixteen, Seth felt sad at being only a sophomore and feeling left behind in school without Jacob there with him. Still, Seth couldn't have been happier for Jacob, but he couldn't help a small part of his heart from breaking at the thought of losing his best friend. He knew Jacob would be back someday but Seth couldn't shake the feeling that after today, he would lose his best friend. "Gosh, I can't believe this is actually happening." Seth said in quiet voice. Jacob, who was busy stuffing his clothes into various suitcases stopped and looked up from his current task and studied Seth, who had drifted back to his solitary place at the window. All of a sudden, Jacob felt a bit remorseful for the entire situation. He remembered the day he had told Seth he was going away to college. Jacob had been so excited and the entire pack as well as other friends and families from the rez threw a party for him, but Jacob could clearly see how much the news of him going away was hurting Seth, even though Seth tried to hide it with his smile. Jacob felt a need and a desire to touch his friend, to embrace him and comfort him. "Seth, you okay?" Jacob asked, walking over to Seth. Seth just laughed nervously, trying to hide his watery eyes. "Of course. It's just…well, you're going off to college." Seth answered. Seth hung his head low, blinking furiously to keep the tears from coming from his eyes. Seth would never admit it, but he made a conscious effort to keep his tears out of sight around his fellow pack mates, including Jacob, even if he was his best friend. Seth just didn't like to be seen as the weakest, but Seth couldn't help the emotions he felt bubbling inside of him. He knew Jake wanted to go to college, but a part of Seth didn't want to let go of his friend. "You know, it's funny. I wasn't even sure if I wanted to go to school." Jacob said, laughing as he scratched his head. This made Seth perk up with interest. He never thought he would hear Jacob say that and in a way, it gave him hope that Jacob may not leave. "Really? But…what about football?" Seth asked curiously. Seth knew how much Jacob loved football. Jacob had played all throughout his high school career and it was one of the sole reasons that made him so popular at school and on the rez, besides being one of the best mechanics on the rez and the alpha of an entire pack of shape-shifting wolves. "Well, honestly I always thought I would just have my fun with it while it lasted in high school. Then after graduation, I figured me and the guys would open that mechanic garage Quil and I always talked about." Jacob explained. "Yeah, I remember Sam always talking about how much money there was to be made in a garage, especially here on the rez." Seth agreed, reminiscing back on the many times Quil and Jacob would talk about their future mechanic business. "Yeah…but Bella kept ranting my ear off about how these are the best years of my life and I should see what else the world has to offer me outside of the rez." Jacob said. At the mention of Bella, Seth felt like a deep hole was growing in the pit of his stomach. "What's wrong with the rez?" Seth asked. "What's not wrong with it?" Jacob countered, cocking an eyebrow up challengingly, smiling his cocky and yet adorable smile at Seth. Seth blushed involuntarily, trying to find the right words to counter Jacob's question. "Well….. I know it's not perfect here but…it's still our home, I mean, we grew up here. Besides, there's a community college right here in Forks, how come you want to go all the way to Seattle? You can just go to school right here." Seth questioned. Seth knew he must sound pathetically desperate but he just couldn't understand why Jacob wanted to go and be so far away from his home…so far away from him. "Guess I just want a change after everything that's happened these past few years. Besides, Bella's going to Seattle too. She even found some scholarships for me. It's amazing how much money people throw at you for an athletic scholarship." Jacob answered, shrugging the question off. "So…um….you and…uh...Bella…… are friends again?" Seth inquired, trying his best to mask the emotions in his voice and his face. Jacob's face hardened a bit, as he felt his frustrations at his relationship with Bella, boil inside of him. "Well….more or less. We're just hanging out a bit these days. Besides, it's never as if she would really date me anyway. She says she loves me, but all she wants is friendship. Though, I'm starting to get the feeling that whenever that asshole Cullen isn't fucking her, that's the only time she runs to me. I don't know…I mean…you know more than anyone I've liked her forever but……" Jacob explained, his hardened facial expression never