A/N: If anyone is wondering, I did get permission from TriciaOakenshield (my sister) to use Aili, although that particular character did show up in the dream that this fanfiction was based on. I hope after reading this, you'll feel you've experienced my dream. Phantoms in the night. You are asleep. You don't know you're asleep, at least not yet, but your body does. Hello there...what's my name? oh, most people just call me your subconscious...but opinions will be opinions - you're about to have an important dream. After tossing and turning for about half an hour, you finally slip into a deep sleep. Something's telling you it's going be Middle-Earth again tonight...you must really love that author...but why is it starting in a haunted house setting? Oh, this is the part of the dream where it's muddled at the beginning. This is very frightening...I guess I better add your character now, oh, Aili a dwarf girl will join you tonight. Y ou are descending through levels of consciousness, now levels of air, heavily clouded; coming down into a two story farm-style house that desperately needs a coat of paint and some structure work. The roof is caving in and you can see through the worn rafters... There's a middle-aged man in the kitchen, and it is very dark... is it some sort of ritual? There are nine beings in a circle around him, and they all have black cloaks on, very black. They all have dim red candles; oh, please don't put me in there , you think. You breathe a sigh of relief when you realize you're going into the adjoining room. Hey! Your friend is here too. Aili? She's a dwarf girl from her own fanfictions, you conclude. "What's going on?" Aili asks you as she lands on the cold wooden floor of the room. "Shhhhhh you're in my dream," You reply, "Did you see what's going on in the kitchen?" "Yeah, those guys with the green potion things." "Potion things?" "Shhh I hear voices!" " Where?" Aili puts a cold hand over your mouth to quiet your question and points with her other hand to a dusty vent in the lower right corner of the wall connected to the kitchen. You get down on your hands and knees and crawl your way silently to the vent, and with a slight creak lift the metal grate and look in. Aili peeks over your shoulder, "Can you see anything? "Yes, they're giving the man in the center one of those potions, he's drinking it now." "Ick, I wouldn't drink that stuff." "Oh be quiet Aili they're talking again." "How are you supposed to know what they're saying? It's like 'Nar, gash, rah' kind of stuff, sounds weird to me." You somehow understand the strange language of the robed beings, they're saying, "He has to be different, it is a New Age now." You and Aili watch in horror as the potion begins to take effect on the man, who you now know from their short conversation to be named "Rider." His color begins to fade, even against the dim room, and a black cloak seems to come from inside him and encompass his body, while his face submerges into the blackness of his hood. A dim flicker of eyes reflected from the candles, and his face disappears completely into the hood. You elbow Aili, "I know what they are now..." "What?" "They're Nazgul, and that's their newest member." "What? Then, we must be in Middle Earth! Aili whispers loudly." "Yes, and this is a Nightmare if things don't start looking better." "Uh...uh..." Aili pokes you nervously and points with a shaky hand to the vent. She had peeked through it when you shifted back, and now her eyes are widening by the second. You quickly look through it and behold what is happening; the man's head is disappearing. Your mind repeats the words they had said just minutes before, "He has to be different." That's it! You conclude in your mind. The Nazgul changed their new member by giving him a potion that would remove his head, differentiating him from the others. And this is the new age they were talking about! The age of dreams? The Nazgul never had a tenth member! Is this guy from something I thought about before going to sleep? After all, the last thing you think about before sleeping runs through your brain seven times before you wake up...I wonder what he's from? Guess I'll find out. All these thoughts flash through your mind in an instant... meanwhile... ... The being's dissolving head turns toward you at the sound of Aili's loud exclamation seconds before. The Nazgul cackle to each other and blow out the candles with their dark breath, and as the lights go out, two glowing yellow eyes appear from the place where the things head would be, as its neck disappears completely. The eyes stare right through the vent, right at you. They move closer, and you back away. Now they come at a frightening pace. He doesn't turn for the door that you soon see at the other side of the wall, but keeps on straight. Is he coming through the wall, you wonder? But suddenly interrupting your thoughts comes a bone-chilling scream, so high-pitched you think your head will burst. The figure moves through the wall, emerging darkly from the lighter wooden planks, and the luminescent eyes show through. With the scream, nine other pairs of yellow and red eyes kindle to life as they advance quickly. "Elbereth Gilthoniel!" You scream at the top of your lungs, reciting one of the only Elvish cries you know from reading The Lord of the Rings. You fall silent and stand transfixed, trembling as the black figures - not daunted by the cry - advance. The flash of steel sounds with a cold glint accompanying it. Aili frantically searches for a way of escape. She seeks for where the thin beams of light are coming from and soon looks up disappointed at the gaping rafters, where a few flakes of snow are drifting through. She runs to the back of the room, knocking over a coat-hanger, a dusty umbrella and a large ceramic pot of dead flowers in her frantic search for a way out. On the back wall she finds the door to the adjoining room. Feeling around for the handle, she finds a glass doorknob and twists, but it doesn't move. She wrenches it with all her strength, but still it stays steadfast. Realizing that she is running out of time, she grabs the umbrella and jams it into the locked door. She hears a sword being drawn, and throwing a glance over her shoulder wriggles the lock frantically with wide eyes. You hear a sound like wood cracking, but suddenly, you feel yourself pulled backwards. Snapping to your senses, you turn your head to find Aili dragging you by the back of your cloak. She comes up to a wooden door with a large hole where the lock had been and kicks it open, moving into a dark adjoining room towards a half broken glass window in the back. Letting go of you, she jams the umbrella into the hole where the lock was; holding the door shut, then turns and takes a running start, jumping sideways and tucking her legs. With a crash, the rest of the glass shatters and she is out. You follow her example with some hesitation, breaking into the crisp night air as you fall out of the first story window and tumble onto damp, cold grass. You stand up to find yourself in a large clearing surrounded by a dark forest consisting mostly of tall pine trees. The stars are out and judging by the position of the moon it is almost midnight. You look toward Aili who has just gotten to her feet where she fell. She points to the nearest edge of the darkening forest and nods to you, but with a quick look behind you her eyes light in fear. "RUN!" Aili screams, and is answered by a squealing, rearing horse right behind you. Stumbling over your own feet as you try to pick up speed you run headlong for the trees, not daring to look back at the pounding hooves behind you. They stop for a split second, seemingly waiting for the others to join, and join they do. That second gives you enough time to recall that you do not particularly like large, dark, forests at night. Slowing your pace a little, you consider that you might escape from the Nazgul just to run into the jaws of a lurking forest creature. You return from your thoughts with a start to realize that you are supposed to be running from something and sprint to the edge of the forest that Aili is already slipping into. Making up for the speed you lost gives you enough headway to reach the forest before they are upon you, and getting a chance to look back while wrapping your arms around a tree at the edge of the forest, you realize you don't have much time to lose. Looking behind you makes you mentally kick yourself for not figuring it out before. The Headless Horseman is teamed with the ringwraiths, and they're after you! " I have come for your heads! " he yells toward the forest, followed by the screams of the Nine Riders. The two sounds don't go together, but they're equally frightening as they charge for the forest, cruel blades glinting at the Full Moon, which is in optimum position, signaling Midnight - the time for all nightmares. You turn from the tree against all fear of the dark and flee into the forest, hoping against hope it won't be a long night. You catch up to Aili, and ducking under low-hanging branches and jumping over logs, you're running side by side through the dark when suddenly you miss a step and fall. A Nazgul screams far behind as you feel along the ground behind you for what you tripped over and feel a large tree root stretched across the ground behind you. You jump quickly to your feet and keep running, and Aili gives you a concerned glance as she passes you again. Suddenly a black horse comes galloping up on your right. Aili squeals in fright and you come to a sharp halt and turn left. A few minutes later, you fall over what feels like the same root. After getting up and having to catch Aili yet again you come upon the same horse. This time it gets so close it steps on the dark blue cloak you're wearing and tears the corner off. You get to your feet again after another stumble, and to your surprise find the same thick root on the forest floor behind you. You get up a little slower, but you don't notice the repeating pattern, until you trip and fall over a familiar root the next time. The Nazgul shrieks yet again, this time even closer. Getting up slower and slower each time you fall, you can now just barely see Aili's flitting shadow ahead of you through the leaves. You try to catch up to her, and try to go straight as you suspect you're going in circles...but all this running makes you so tired... you want to stop and catch your breath, but the unearthly screams and whispers of your pursuers come from every side. You trip and fall again, and before you can get up, the blood-curdling scream sounds as if it's close enough to breath down your neck. Your breath comes in rigid gasps and you see Aili as a blur dashing out in front of you. You struggle to your feet and struggle to start running again. You don't know where Aili is going; it seems like she is leading you in another circle