Introduction This fan fiction was written for entertainment purposes only. I have no claim to the works or characters created for the Harry Potter universe written by J.K. Rowling. This story takes place just after Dumbledore's funeral. I try to keep it as much based on the original works as possible but the inconsistencies of the books sometimes make that problematic. This story was also well along the way before Deathly Hallows was released so anything in the seventh official book will have nothing to do with this story. Also, I haven't written anything longer than a letter in about thirty years so don't hang me out to dry for a few chapters. Once I finish the story, I plan to do a work-over of the whole thing to fix errors and tidy up a bit. The Harry in my story has accepted his roll in the war against Voldemort and is actively trying to fight it. With the help of Hermione and Ron, he sets up the infrastructure and makes allies in pursuit of this. He also develops his magical abilities to a greater degree. With just a few exceptions, he does not become significantly more powerful than in the first six books but learns to harness it better. I do try to explain my reasons behind the actions and abilities of the Harry and the other characters during the story itself. Some of it is extrapolation of the original books and some of it is conjecture or logic. If you don't like my reasoning, I will still sleep at night. I might make an occasional comment at the end of a chapter but don't count on it. Some explanations might take a few or even several chapters to be fully realized so be patient. This story spends a great deal of time on relationships and motivations. I like to get into why people act the way they do/did. This includes Voldemort and his Death Eaters. You'll see a lot of things from his point of view. My story does correct one major plot failure in the original books. Actually, it's more of a correction to what was a minor subplot in the real books. Having Ginny get together with Harry and Ron end up with Hermione allowed an easy, feel-good epilog, but it really had little to do with the story. The various romances were never intended to have much to do with anything as far as the main story was concerned and almost all were based on jealousy, which isn't much to build on. From my perspective, Ginny is nice enough but Hermione is the girl for Harry. At the very least, she is NOT the girl for Ron and vice versa. The logical choice, as was almost achieved in the last book, was for Harry and Hermione to realize that they can always count on each other. Even when Ron left them, for a time, something I don't think he would have actually done, by the way, Hermione welcomed him back with open arms. Meanwhile, Ginny is virtually nonexistent until the very end, yet she still ends up with Harry. It just isn't that believable. If you can't accept that fact, don't read any further. I have seen fit to leave the beaten path of other H/Hr shippers by having both Ron and Ginny remain perfectly good characters who are able to actively contribute to the struggle against Voldemort so there is some good news there for the Ron and Ginny fans. *** The story involves a rape scene and references to it in later chapters. It is not graphically depicted. There will also be a student/teacher relationship. It isn't as shocking as a Minerva/Harry fling would be but something I think is more believable. *** I began this story near the end of 2006 so the first 52 or so chapters were written before the last book came out. At the rate things are progressing, I will probably have about a hundred and thirty chapters at about 800,000 words. Enjoy the trip. Dad9 P.s. I started with the name Harry Potter and the Story by Dad for lack of anything better. I will keep it that way. Harry Potter and the Story by Dad Chapter 1 - The Train Ride Home June 9, 1997 - Around Noon Harry Potter sat in his compartment on the Hogwarts Express deep in thought. So much had happened in the last few days that he was glad to have this time to reflect and plan for the future. This was a new experience for him, since up until recently his future was largely scheduled by the calendar. Normally, he would take the train back to number four, Privet Drive where he would spend a fair amount of the summer with his relatives, the Dursleys, to ensure that the magical blood protection created by his mother's sacrifice to save him would protect the house and all who lived there for a while longer. After a while, he would be allowed to go to the Burrow to finish the summer with one of his best friends, Ron Weasley. Molly Weasley would then do her best to see that he gained some weight while keeping him, Ron and Ron's sister Ginny, out of trouble. At the end of the summer, he would then accompany the rest of the school-age Weasleys back to Kings Cross to catch the Hogwarts Express. This pattern had never bothered Harry because the best part of the summer had always been when he had left his real relatives, who treated him like some kind of a leprous servant, and went to stay at Ron's house where he was treated like a son and brother. This year, however, was different. Yes, Harry would have to go to the Dursleys again. But this time, he would only stay the night. After that, he would be on his own and would move into his house at number twelve, Grimmauld Place. Or could he? Now that he thought about it, could he even get into the house now that the secret keeper, Professor Dumbledore, had died? And what about the everyday business of living? What were the expenses involved in owning and living in a house? Did he have to pay taxes or bills or wages or fees? And if so, to whom? Now that the day Harry was looking forward to for so long, the day he would be "of age" as they put it, was drawing near, did he have any idea about how to be a responsible adult? Clearly, before he could start working on his quest, he would have to get his affairs in order. About this time, Ron and Hermione, having finished their prefect duties, came into Harry's compartment and sat down. Normally, Ginny would join them but since Harry had just recently broken up with her, she was probably not too well disposed to spend several hours in a confined space with him. Fortunately, since many parents had taken their children directly home from school, there was plenty of room on the train and three to a compartment was not out of the ordinary. "I've never seen the train this quiet for the trip home," said Hermione as she sat down across from Harry. "Normally, the end of year ride is one of the most raucous times of the year." "Makes sense, though," stated Ron, as he took the spot next to Hermione. "Not even Fred and George would get too much mischief going on the day of a funeral." "I know," said Harry. "I sure don't feel like celebrating. In fact, the more I think about actually getting home and on my own, the more depressed I become." Hermione looked thoughtfully out the window. After a few minutes she broke her gaze and turned to the other two. "Well, we have to start planning," she said. "I think that a good place to start is listing our resources. We need to know that we won't be financing our little adventure by begging on street corners." "We won't," Harry said, matter-of-factly. "I have quite a bit of gold in my parents' vault at Gringotts and Sirius left me some more, although I don't know how much." Suddenly realizing the depth of his ignorance about normal life, he continued, "I don't have any idea of actual numbers, though, and I don't know what expenses are in the magical world so maybe we should check into it." "Actually, Harry," continued Hermione, "for all intents and purposes, you and I are both Muggle-born when it comes to that sort of knowledge. I can tell you the price of quills and parchment but not much else. This looks like your moment in the sun, Ron." Ron shifted uneasily in his seat. "Well, actually," he began, blushing slightly, "we never really discussed finances around the dinner table much." This presented a problem. With no real idea of the cost of living and no accurate idea on the amount of funds they had available, there was very little planning that they could do. "We need to bring someone in that we trust that knows about these things," declared Harry at last. "They would need to be able to keep our business secret while still helping us with the information we need." They sat silently for about twenty seconds before all three looked up at once and said, "Lupin." Remus Lupin, former Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor at Hogwarts, best friend of Harry's father and godfather, werewolf and member of the Order of the Phoenix was, of course, the perfect choice. Having spent the last two years infiltrating the werewolf underground, Remus would have first hand knowledge of daily expenses while on the run. He also was out of a job now that Harry captured Fenrir Greyback and his participation in the defense of the castle was known. If anyone could be trusted and willing to help, it was Lupin. "Great," said Ron. "When should we arrange to meet?" "Well," replied Hermione. "The sooner the better, I guess. Maybe we could meet him at Grimmauld Place sometime soon," she suggested. "Why wait?" said Harry. They both looked at him quizzically and he continued. "This is not exactly classified information we want and we have several hours to kill so maybe we could meet now, if he isn't busy." "How are we supposed to contact him?", asked Hermione. Harry responded by simply saying "Dobby!" in a clear and commanding voice. Within seconds, the house-elf appeared before them. "Harry Potter called Dobby?" "Yes," replied Harry. "I was wondering if you would like to do us a little favor." "Of course! Dobby will do whatever Harry Potter wants," replied Dobby, a little too subserviently to suit Hermione's taste. "What does Harry Potter want Dobby to do?" Harry thought for a moment. "You know, Dobby, there will probably be quite a few things that we could use your help with. Perhaps now would be a good time to ask if you would be willing to work for me on a permanent basis." This surprised all three people not named Harry Potter. "Harry Potter, sir," Dobby sobbed. "Dobby would be proud to work for Harry Potter. He will do whatever Harry Potter wants." "Harry," began Hermione, "one of the things we wanted to discuss with Professor Lupin was expenses. Do you think it is a good time to hire staff before we have a good idea on our resources?" Normally, she would have a point. In this case, however, Harry's experience and instincts told him there would be no problem, except for Hermione. Ignoring Hermione, Harry continued. "Dobby, I will hire you and will agree to whatever you and Hermione agree on for terms and wages." He continued, "Please find Professor Lupin and ask him if he could meet with us on the train. If he agrees, bring him here. Otherwise, find out where and when we