Disclaimer: I own nothing. The characters belong to Suzanne Collins, and the song lyrics belong to Ariana Grande and Nathan Sykes. Please read and review :) He was a glacier of ice, yet he was also an erupting volcano on fire. He was the rough edge of a cruel blade pressing into white throats. He was the clean swipe of metal through air. He was the delicious cries of those struggling beneath him, pleading for release. He had long taught himself to stop caring. Stop feeling. Stop fearing. Because with that, he was invincible, invulnerable. Trying to cover up chinks in armour could never be as good as not having those weaknesses in the first place. Cato spoke what he wanted. He did what he wanted, all for the name of making himself under no control of anyone else, of plunging his heart into the tundra that would freeze it forever. Oh, the irony. Wasn't fear the root that drove him to this? Fear of failing. Fear of losing. And the green, oozing fear of disappointing. One. Everywhere was grey; the training centre walls, the grim-faced trainers, everything except the sneering lips of the girl before him. "Come on! You can do much better than this!" she was yelling, her voice raw with exhilaration. Lava bubbled within Cato. This girl had some nerve! No one, no one dared to even think of speaking to him like that. The last boy who tried had gotten his dental work bloodily rearranged. Superior strength surged through Cato's arms as he brought his sword up in a deadly arc. The girl was quick, though. She ducked, and swiped her own sword at his feet. He leapt aside to avoid the strike. Stupid girl. Did she really think that would actually work? He studied her, examining her form, trying to find the perfect method to bring her down. She was small and lithe, with the eyes of a predator. Her ponytail swung almost viciously as she moved. She was light, agile, and - he admitted - skilled. He parried her strikes easily, though it was difficult to actually strike her . Sweat poured down Cato's brow. Then, without warning, her foot came out at the speed of light, smashing into his solar plexus. Pain rocketed through his lower body. And in the split second when he was dazed, she was on top of him, wrestling him to the ground. "Poor Cato," she crooned. "Beaten by a girl a head shorter than him." Her bloodred lips were curved in a satisfied sneer, strands of her hair teasingly tickling his cheek. Cato struggled. His sword arm was stuck by his side, his wrist trapped beneath the weight of the girl's foot. Her hands were on his shoulders, forcing him down on the icy hard floor. He tried to push her off, but she was much stronger than he had imagined. Then his half-free hand was in motion. Jerking his fingers with all the strength he could summon, Cato sent this sword in an upward arc toward the girl on top of him. It was not very fast, but it was quick enough to make her jerk to avoid the blade. In her moment of distraction, Cato threw her off him and got to his feet. He thrust out his weapon at hers and twisted hard, trying desperately to disarm her. He felt her sword giving way, almost loose now... Then the sharp whistle screeched through the vast hall, signaling the end of the game. They released each other, glaring. "I win," the girl hissed. "I got you down!" "No, me!" Cato growled. "I almost disarmed you!" "A draw, then?" Cato hesitated. A draw meant that he hadn't won. But it also meant that he would not have to face the prospect of telling his parents that he, Cato, had lost. Actually lost. Besides, his pride did not allow him to argue with a girl. "Fine." Then he paused, studying her profile. Her high, proud cheekbones. Her firm, set jaw. He smirked. "But you aren't all bad, are you princess? Be my partner for the doubles." I'd like to say we gave it a try I'd like to blame it all on life Maybe we just weren't right, but that's a lie, that's a lie Two . Her name was Clove, as Cato found out soon after. She was a year younger than him, and lived not too far from his own place. As time passed, he found himself liking this girl. He liked the way her eyes burned with a passionate fury during training. He liked how each dagger pieces through the targets with deadly accuracy with each flick of her wrist. Most of all, he liked how similar she was to him. "Did you see me beat up Tommy Gardner at training today?" Clove bragged loudly as they were walking home together one day. Her eyes gleamed. "He's, like, a foot taller than me, and now he's scared of me!" She laughed loudly, mockingly. Cato joined in. "Total loser!" "So," she said, turning to him. "Speaking of being scared, what does the great, all-powerful Cato fear?" Cato stopped laughing. The air around them seemed to thicken. "Nothing." The terse words shot from his mouth like an arrow. "I fear nothing." Clove fell into step beside him. "Really?" she asked softly. A flash of irritation seared through Cato. Had it been anyone else, Cato would have thrown him onto the ground and beaten him into a bloody pulp. But strangely, he found himself unable to stay angry at Clove. Instead, he simply ignored her, and kept walking forward, doggedly putting one foot in front of another. They were nearing her house. Cato could see the orange light from within spilling out of the windows, glowing against the darkening blanket of sky. They walked side by side, awkward silence filling the spaces between like thick murky liquid. Cato started to regret his earlier outburst. "I'm scared of disappointment." The words tumbled out of his mouth like pebbles, falling at Clove's feet, waiting to be crushed. He had not meant to say them. He had never wanted to say to anyone, the inner feelings that he had buried deep in his heart, ashamed and furious at himself. His mind reeled. Here he was, telling this girl something he had never even admitted to himself. But the words just kept coming, spilling forward in torrents. "I'm scared of my father's face when I'll have to tell him I lost at training. I'm just scared of - of failing. I'm scared of being worthless. I'm scare of people thinking I'm worthless. I'm just scared of being scared, okay?" Clove faced him. In the light of the dim glow her skin looked porcelain, her eyes fixed. Cato's heart plunged. This was it. What had he done? He dug his nails into the flesh of this palm hard, feeling the sharp pain of his skin's protests. He was a coward. He had just admitted he was one. Out loud. Out loud. He was a failure, a nobody. He could not even contain his emotions. Clove looked at him for a moment, her eyes unreadable in the fading light. She was going to scoff at him, he was sure of it. She was going to walk away in disgust. Yet when she opened her mouth, her voice was nothing as he had heard before. It was quieter, softer. "I know," she said simply. "And no, you're not a coward, you know." For a moment, that was all that mattered. And we can deny it as much as we want But in time our feelings will show Three. The day of the reaping of the 74th Hunger Games was hot, yellow, and humid. The air was filled with sweat and restlessness, coiling and swirling in the thick environment. The continuous hum of the District Two population droned on like bees, deposited and swallowed up from the air by the sea of heads. The air tasted wet, warm, and impatient. Then, all at once, it all ceased. The air became sharp as steel, the buzz died down to barely a whisper. The district's representative from the Capitol, a blue haired woman with the name of Livia Dracaene, dipped a snowy white hand into the glass bowl of female names. Silence. The crowd took in its collective breath, attention almost tangible. Then the name was read. "Clove Ashton." It rang, loud and clear across the vast area, reverberating and echoing. And then Cato could see her: the small but lithe figure of the girl stepping up onto the raised platform. She walked with ease and arrogant confidence, as though trained for this all her life. Her head was held majestically high, her expression a look of cocky indifference. The tension broke. The crown erupted into applause as Livia took Clove's hand, beaming. Cato stared. He had never really considered the prospect of Clove being chosen at the Reaping. He wanted to applaud - it was such an honor to be chosen! - but somehow his hands refused to do it. He tried to smile, yet his lips would not obey him. Some invisible force within him was holding him back, clouding his mind with grey, sickly doubt. What was wrong with him? Clove would win the Games. She would. If she didn't, nobody could, Cato was sure. But what if she didn't? What if she wouldn't make it back? What if? "And now, for the male tribute," announced Livia. She pulled out a slip of paper. "Gordon Greengrass." The boy was so small, most of the crowd had to crane their necks to be able to catch a glimpse of him. He was twelve, only a newbie at the training centre. Cato could see him quaking with fear. "Volunteers?" Livia Dracaene asked, sounding almost bored. District Two always had volunteers. There was no point even asking when the one picked was a twelve-year-old. Cato glanced at the lone figure of the terrified boy. He glanced at the sea of heads before him. Then he glanced at Clove. His best friend. His partner. The sister he could have had. He thought of the sound of her triumphant laugh that he loved to hear. "I volunteer!" 'Cause sooner or later We'll wonder why we gave up The truth is everyone knows Four . The world was a sea of endless grey, sucking and pulling Cato into its depths. Indistinct, swirling figures shifted and formed around him, closing in, clouding whatever vision he had. He was batting them away, swatting furiously. Yet they kept coming, drowning him in them. Then the buzzing. It started softly, then rose in a crescendo of chaos and sound. It filled his ears, his brain, his very being. Stop it! he yelled . As his eyes snapped open, they were upon him: a cloud of furious wasps aiming directly at his face, his neck, his body. Up close he saw flashes of their hummingbird wings darting and stinging. He tried to run, toward the voices screaming and yelling to each other ahead of him, footsteps thundering through the leaves. Blindly he staggered through the trees, crashing into rocks, bruises blossoming on his skin. He was a survivor. A fighter. He would not be brought down by a few insects. No, not in front of the whole watching wor ld. A buzz. A sharp, piercing pain beside his left ear. Then another, scorching his upper arm. A third sting plunged into his knee. He was crying out, falling onto the rough ground, his vision blurring, temples pounding. His mind dissolved. Where was he? The trees liquified, shifting like phantoms, branches reaching out of no where to claw at him, to imprison him. He failed. He failed. He was brought to his knees by a mere swarm of wasps! He was worthless. Nothing. Out of the shadows stepped his father, wearing the same pristine, spotless white suit,