Chapter One Letters The 2nd of May, 1998 was a terrible and dark day for many wizards and witches of Great Britain and even several beyond. Joy and Peace spread across the nation though when one Harry James Potter defeated the Dark Lord Voldemort. And now a week after that he stood in his kitchen at Grimmauld Place glaring at one of his best friends with the best glare he could give. Not that it was doing anything as Ron used one of the chairs to hold his weight so that he wouldn't fall to the ground laughing full out. "This isn't funny Ron!" Harry yelled as he continued to glare venomously at his red headed friend. "We need to get Hermione to find out what is going on and why this is happening now!" He exclaimed as he clenched his fists, trying to keep himself from slugging his best friend in the face. Ron though could only laugh as he looked back up at his friend, the chair he had been leaning on tipped backwards and with that imbalance the red head hit the floor still laughing. Harry watched with a glower on his face as he waited for the other to stop with his laughing fit and come back to the real world. "I'm…sorry…mate but…this…is just too…funny!" Ron finally got out as he began to get the laughter under his control and get back up onto his feet. "I'm going to punch you." Harry growled out as he raised a fist to do just that, which seemed to be all that was needed to sober Ron right up. "Sorry, sorry, sorry!" Ron said really fast as he held his hands up in the air but it was obvious that he didn't really mean it when he had a shit eating grin on his face. "Hermione is out preparing for that press conference that's coming up tomorrow so that you'll be able to get up and make your statement and then leave. Though I don't even know if she'll want you to go out on that stage looking like this." Ron said as he walked over to Harry and patted him on the shoulder. "I'm sure we'll figure this out before too long so don't worry about it mate." Harry stared up at his friend with half lidded eyes and a frown. "I don't believe you a single bit Ron." He got out before he turned and left the red head behind him to head to his room. Ron couldn't help but look his friend over as he left with a chuckle. "Still really small he is." Ron muttered as Harry disappeared behind the kitchen door. "I heard that Ron!" GUR2 It had taken the entire week to set up this press conference and Hermione Jane Granger was feeling rather frazzled and under pressure at the moment. Especially as she stared down at the glowering face of her best friend Harry James Potter. "Oh I don't know what's going on." Hermione said as she stared at Harry with wide eyes and confused. Harry's face fell into despair as he stared at the bushy haired witch. "But you know everything Hermione." Harry whined with his voice cracking on Hermione's name. He scowled at that before returning pleading eyes onto his friend. "Isn't there anything you know about this? Anything at all?" He questioned pleadingly. Hermione gulped before shaking her head negatively. "I'm sorry Harry, but I don't know what this is. I've never heard of a condition like this before." She informed as gently as she could. "Look, the News Conference will begin in an hour at the Great Hall, we don't have to have you talk right then and we can have you sit through the entire thing." She started as she began to come up with ideas to keep Harry's condition hidden. "Me and Ron can speak the entire time and keep them from asking you questions." Harry frowned and watched as the witch began to pace in front of him. "Can't I just not come?" He questioned sullenly, crossing his arms over his chest angrily. Hermione shook her head. "You need to make an appearance and that's what this conference was mainly for. To show that you're alright and unharmed and still moving, hopefully forward." She explained as she came to a stop in front of Harry once more. "If we don't show the people that you're trying to move forward as well then they will forever stay in the past where they were dominated by a powerful Dark Wizard that tried to destroy muggleborns." Harry stared at Hermione sullenly as he nodded his head at her logic. "I don't have to stand up?" He asked as he looked up at her. Hermione smiled sadly and nodded her head. "You won't have to stand up and you won't have to speak. We'll have you sit in the Headmistress's chair so that it'll hide your size better. Ron and I will be on your right and we'll have Hagrid sit on your left while McGonagall stands in front and next to both me and Ron when we speak." She decided easily. "Those should help hide this a whole lot better than anything else we can do. We'll also get you out of there as soon as the conference ends without anyone noticing. Did you bring your invisibility cloak with you?" Harry just nodded his head as he turned to look at the doors that led to the Great Hall, pulling out an edge of one of his pockets stealthily before returning it, having used it to hide from view of anyone on the grounds. Ron had gone to talk with McGonagall (more distract her so that Harry could speak with Hermione without the headmistress seeing Harry) about the coming conference. McGonagall was going to speak as well about what had happened at Hogwarts during the war and at the Battle of Hogwarts. She would be saying all of the names of the students that were lost that day. "We'll also make sure that the new Minister gets nowhere near you during as well, as well as keep Malfoy away too." She glowered at the name, remembering her time at the mansion that the wealthy man owned…where she was tortured by Bellatrix Lestrange. "I still can't believe he didn't end up in Azkaban after everything that he has done." Harry shrugged his shoulders at that. "I owed a debt to Mrs. Malfoy, you know that. That's what she asked of me in return for not informing Voldemort that I was alive." He explained once more with a blank face. "Be happy that he can't use anything more advanced than a cleaning charm and levitation charm." He stated tiredly. Hermione just nodded her head in agreement before sighing and motioning to the Great Hall Doors. "Shall we get situated before anyone else comes and sees you?" She questioned but turned and walked over to them anyways. Harry could only scowl at her calm demeanor before following her in. "This is going to be a nightmare isn't it?" He questioned. "Without a doubt." She replied as she opened the doors to the great hall. Harry sighed as he followed her in before coming to a dead halt when several eyes turned to him, Hermione having come to a halt just little bit in front of him as well. "I think they got here early Hermione." Harry whispered as he stared wide eyed at the crowd in front of him. "Yes." Hermione agreed with her own wide eyes. "I didn't plan this at all." "Since when does any of our plans work?" Harry questioned as he glared at a giggling Rita Skeeter. GUR2 The Boy-Who-Lived Finds the Fountain of Youth By Rita Skeeter Yesterday at what remains of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was a Press Conference put together by one Hermione Jane Granger, the Brains of the Golden Trio. It was held within the Great Hall where the defeat of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named occurred and where Harry Potter became The-Man-Who-Conquered. An hour before the Press Conference began Mr. Potter arrived in the Great Hall with Ms. Granger. To the great surprise of us all, including myself, Mr. Potter was not quite what he once was only two weeks ago. He had shrunken at least two feet and several inches and seemed to be much thinner. In fact he looked quite what he did when I first met him at the beginning of the Triwizard Tournament held three years ago. Many question whether the boy had found the Fountain of Youth and had imbibed too much and so reverted to a much younger age or if he had drank the highly illegal and dangerous Youth Potion. No one is quite sure but many agree that Harry Potter is no longer the Man he had been only a couple of weeks back. He is instead just a boy once more that holds much power in his hands. Due to this turn of events though he did not speak during the conference and instead allowed the other two thirds of the Golden Trio speak, along with Headmistress Minerva McGonagall and Rubeus Hagrid, both of who were present at the Battle of Hogwarts. All of whom spoke of their experience with struggles that none of us will truly understand. Very few listened though as all of the attention was on a young looking Harry Potter. Many question what the young wizard has done to cause such a change in him, but I tell you this now , I will not give up until I find out what has happened and inform you my fellow readers. GUR2 Harry scowled down at the Daily Prophet in annoyance before looking at the table in Grimmauld Place with a forlorn expression. He was alone in the house at the moment, except for Kreacher who was finally cleaning the place properly now that Harry had his real loyalty, and the raven haired man found himself left to his thoughts of the last couple of weeks that had occurred after the battle that ended with him being the winner. People had many things to settle and take care of while after the battle and because of that Harry had been left alone for most of the time. During the last two weeks he had been alone for almost that entire time except for two times. One day he had gone to Andromeda Tonks to see his godson and hold the little baby for the first time in his arms. He had made a deal with the older woman as well as he held onto the little boy that he would get Teddy for two weekends each month after Andromeda had taught him everything he needed to know to take care of the boy. And the second time was to go to the day of the merlin's forsaken press conference. That had been embarrassing beyond anything he could remember. He also refused to leave the house after that as he felt ashamed and confused and upset over everything that has happened. After the press conference he had gone to Madame Pomfrey at the urging of Hermione and Ron, all three hoping that there was an easy cure to whatever had caused Harry to de-age like he had. Unfortunately though the Healer had no idea what afflicted the now boy and could only suggest that he start taking Nutrient Potions with his meals to help with the malnourishment that was obvious with him…in fact the other two-thirds of the Golden Trio had been forced to do the same once Madame Pomfrey had gotten a good look at them. Being on the run like they had been for most of the year had taken a toll on all three of them. Harry was use to going hungry for long periods of time so he didn't really mind the lack of food. Hermione and Ron though