Here's something that I've been dying to put together for a while. Anyone that knows me knows that I LOVE to write about Victors, their lives after the Games, and their dynamics with the other Victors, etc. and this was one of those things that helps me explore this type of writing that I really love. It turned out way longer than intended, and I should have really been writing BMO instead, but I was too caught up in this to stop. Inspired by Chaff's chapter in The Victors Project by Oisin55. Read that story. It's my favorite THG fanfiction to date. Trigger Warnings: Pretty much everything across the board. Profanity, sexual references, gore, torture, self harm, etc. Seeder Howell walked quietly into the Control Center, her hands tucked behind her back. They held several manila folders, chock full of notes and sketches and forms. Some of them were scribbled instructions from Freeha, who was back home in Eleven sick with the pox that'd been sweeping through a part of the District lately. Others were pictures her tribute had drawn or questions she'd asked. But a majority of them were long dissertations of different strategies written by Seeder. She and Tulip had discussed them for hours, deciding the best tactics. Stay alone, skip the Bloodbath, find a good hiding spot, Seeder would manage to send her a weapon when she got enough funds hopefully, and she'd reappear around the finale. Almost like Seeder had the year before. The perfect plan. Seeder let out a shaky breath as she stepped through the glass doors. A large digital clock counted down the minutes until the start of the sixty second countdown; there were about twenty minutes left. Seeder had left at what she thought was early, but most of the Mentors were already here and ready to go. She hustled over to the two side-by-side seats, marked with a bright white holographic 11 floating above them. A drowsy looking Vissarion was knocking back a full pot of coffee to keep himself awake, and he smiled weakly at Seeder as she sat down. He had a good boy this year, but Vissarion did not seem too pleased with his choice of allies. He was in an infamous Lower District Anti-Career alliance. While it had worked in the Seventeenth Games for Jaguar and the Twenty Eighth Games for Mercedes, it had failed to succeed since. Seeder flipped on the giant screen that stretched up two stories in front of her. Immediately, a scene of the goodbye room was presented. Seeder bit her lip as she shuffled her papers and pulled up important things on the screen, like the sponsorship catalog, Tulip's sponsor points, and her vitals monitor. Tulip was putting on her baggy tan cargo pants and matching top, made out of a flimsy cotton material. Her Stylist helped her with the ordeal. Seeder looked at the sixteen year old girl and smiled despite the nerves making her heart throb incessantly. She would do just fine. Soon enough, the digital clock poised in view of all twenty three Mentors ticked away. Some of the Career Mentors watched avidly as their tributes climbed into the tubes eagerly, while some of the Outlier Mentors looked worried, emotionless, or nervous like her. The tributes were in their tubes and rising up, and Seeder's breath caught in her throat as her floor-to-ceiling screen displayed the Cornucopia and the sandy desert dream of the Fortieth Games, dotted with oases and crowned by a large palace in the north. Seeder's lip gnawing became so vicious that her bottom lip began to bleed as her screen focused on Tulip. She was set between the girl from Twelve and the boy from Nine. She could make it out with ease. Seeder's breathing eased just a bit as the countdown ticked down in front of the marble Cornucopia. The chime sounded, and Seeder didn't even hear Caesar's exclamation of the Games beginning. Her jaw had dropped to the floor. She kept muttering, "No, no, no!" under her breath, shell-shocked. Because Tulip Ramone was running into the Bloodbath, sprinting as fast as her legs would carry her, into the mouth of the Horn. Because Tulip Ramone was shouting to her allies from the Anti-Career pack. Tulip had lied to her. The hours that they'd spent in her room, laughing at old jokes and deciding the best strategy, one with no allies and running away from the fray, had been lies. All along, the girl had planned to discard every piece of beneficial advice her Mentor had supplied after Seeder had worked tirelessly for hours upon hours. And now she would pay the price. Seeder screamed in unison with Tulip as the boy from 4 hurled his harpoon into her chest. She was gone in the blink of an eye. Her vitals all instantly disappeared from the vitals box, her sponsor points automatically were transferred over to Vissarion's account for Lorian, and the screen turned black. Seeder screamed again, sobbing, the tears rolling down her face uncontrollably. Beetee was one of the only free Victors at the moment; Chaplin and Calculata were Mentoring. He dashed to the newest Victor's side and held her delicately as she wept openly into his shoulders. "She never even listened..." Seeder trailed off, snot dribbling down her face. She wanted to stab something like she had stabbed Shannon to death barely less than a year prior at the finale of the Thirty Ninth. The thought of her Games just brought on another wave of terror and tears. "They never do," Beetee sighed, lifting the young woman out of her chair and hauling her to the backroom to get a pastry to calm herself while the Bloodbath continued onward. "They never do." Ishania Patel held Grover's hand tightly as their tributes rushed into the Bloodbath along with their Anti-Career allies. Their knuckles were white, and Ishania swore she could feel her bones popping. But she didn't care. There was nothing the two of them could do at this point. They could just hope that their tributes managed to avoid the blades of the fierce Careers now that they'd made the foolish decision to face them head on with their alliance. One of their allies was already down, and Beetee had to drag a thrashing, sobbing Seeder from the Center. The poor girl. The first year was always the hardest. It didn't get much better, however. You just got better at covering up the pain. Ishania had only succeeded twice, with Grover and with Pomona. Grover turned out to be quite an asset in the Center and in the District, while Pomona turned out to be a serial killer hermit that hadn't Mentored in six years despite the fact that she should be taking over from Ishania. But that didn't matter; she'd gotten them out of the Games. That was her job. They could do whatever they wanted to when they were out, though the motherly woman would discourage drugs and the like. But they had to win first. Rosalie had sprinted to the front of the group, and she attacked Mag's. Boy. of all tributes. Ishania hissed as Rosalie managed to cut open the boy's leg. He howled, and Ishania closed her eyes, refusing to see what would happen next. Mag's boy had earned a perfect 12. Rosalie had never stood a chance. Mags Flanagan just stared at the screen in shock as Grover's boy leaped on top of Phelps and managed to push him down due to the wound the boy'd been dealt by the Seven's now dead District partner. Phelps thrashed and tried to push Grover's boy off, but the Seven boy would not relent, punching and stabbing and slashing. Mags clenched her small hands into tight fists and watched with hatred as her boy, who had been one of the very first Fours to ever score a 12, was ended by the insignificant Seven boy. The pain and the anger roiled within her, but Mags took a deep breath and stood as her screen turned black. She packed her bag and walked out of the Control Center without another word. Mags Flanagan was a calm, peaceful woman. The only person who knew her rages was herself. And boy, would she rage tonight. Grover Elms knew that it was a game of revenge now. Rosalie stabbed Mags's boy in the leg for killing Tulip. He killed Rosalie for the compromising wound. And then his boy, Parker, managed to kill Phelps in retribution. And now, Grover knew, there was no way his boy was leaving the mouth of the Horn with all of his body parts still attached. This was why he told his tributes to avoid confronting the Careers at all costs, but it rarely mattered. Since most of them knew their way around an axe half well, some of them thought they could slaughter the entire pack single handedly Dorsal's girl dove around his side, quickly darting forward and slashing open Parker's stomach with a sickle. Parker moaned in pain as he fell to the ground, and the Four girl left him to bleed out painfully. Grover bit the inside of his cheek until he tasted coppery blood, but he made himself watch every agonizing moment as the blood leaked rapidly out of Parker's body. And when he was still and his screen turned black, Grover took Ishania's hand and the two trotted out of the Center without a word in a similar fashion to Mags. Usually there would be anger, rage. Later in the Games, there was. But it had been a simple chain of revenge. It was not in cold blood. There was nothing you could say, really. Grover knew that. It didn't make handling the anger any easier. Calculata Fenceley began to count from 1 and up as far as she could to keep herself calm. One would expect her to count the numbers of pi, the table of elements, or the Fibonacci sequence, something in that vein. But Calculata was just a woman, not a robot. She counted to a hundred like anyone else when she waited or when she needed to calm herself down. Her girl was lacking this year, to say the least. But with the commotion between the Careers and their foes, Addisa could slip out of the melee with actual supplies if she could get out fast enough. The girl already had a coil of bronzey wire slung over one shoulder, and an empty water bottle in the hand of the opposite arm. She was stumbling forward, hyperventilating. It seemed like she might make it. That's when Calculata noticed the break up of the fight between Careers and Anti-Careers. The remaining four Anti-Careers fled in pairs in opposite directions, while Dorsal's girl stumbled into the Horn, cursing over the lack of her right hand, courtesy of Vissarion's boy. The other Careers quickly turned to the other tributes, however, and Addisa froze the moment that Tarquinius's boy locked his sights on her. Calculata knew it was over then. She counted to fourteen before the boy dropped a dead Addisa on the ground. That was how old the girl had been. Fourteen and dead. Calculata wiped the invisible tears from her eyes, her facial expression never changing once. She sipped her coffee and joined Chaplin in monitoring the boy. Just because she didn't show it did not mean she didn't care. Venice Grammar was almost pulling her hair out as her eyes darted from one screen to the other. Both of her kids were still alive, but she doubted that it would last for long. It never did. The Twelve Escort, who was supposed to be helping her and usually did so pretty well, had eaten bad shellfish at a sponsorship party the night before and was unavailable to help. So Venice had to multitask. She'd done harder things before. For a minute, her eyes focused on the girl's screen. She watched