"Atala Cragmyre?" the instructor asks, bored. "Reporting for duty, sir," Atala barks, standing still and straight, her muscled back a perfect line. She resists the urge to look down the line at the rest of the Capitol Peacekeeper recruits. "Seneca Crane?" the instructor booms after making eye contact with Atala. Atala and the instructor both look with unease upon the man next to Atala. He's 21, just like Atala, but while Atala is in perfect, chiseled shape, her muscles pressing against the elastic uniform they gave all recruits at the beginning, Seneca is drooping, his bulging stomach in danger of ripping the elastic. Atala recognizes him as the failed governor's boy. Now, with a dead mother and an exiled father, he probably has no where to go. Atala just scoffs. She's from the slums of the Capitol. The slums of the Capitol are better than the richest areas in places like 9, 10, 11, and 12, but they are still underfed and underprivileged compared to the true Capitol aristocrats. Atala has had to work, against prejudice for her caste and for her dark, nearly black skin. Seneca has had everything handed to him on a golden platter; acceptance into the Peacekeeping training program should be no different. She decides to hate him. Seneca looks upon Atala with wandering eyes, marveling at her curved, muscled figure and her dark brown skin, which looks silky to the touch. He inds himself almost reaching out to touch her exposed arm as the instructor moves down the line, calling names like "Persephone Crumlis!" or "Fiefdom Cryletter!" The line of Capitol recruits stretches far and wide, numbering in the hundreds. Seneca is out of home and out of grace, and why not join the Peacekeepers for the heck of it? His ruined life is nothing, anyway. His standing in the Capitol has been dramatically lowered in recent months, and his once strong figure, quite like Atala's, has faded into a soft, full, lumpy figure. His once styled beard is now just uneven stubble, and his once sparkling eyes are empty and cold. Life has nothing to offer him; fun cannot be found any longer in the menial pleasures he used to enjoy, like drinking or partying. Atala has everything to live for, he realizes, and something inside him sours. She has goals, aspirations, a chance at joy and glory and wealth. He has his drudgery, and a chance at depression and notoriety and depravity. He decides to hate her. The next weeks pass in a blur, and Atala and Seneca rarely see each other besides at the meals in the mess hall. The evaluations are rigorous, and only the fittest at the end of the two weeks of training will be selected to join the Peacekeeper task force. This crop will be primarily heading to Districts 1 and 2, the most loyal Districts, where the mostly lesser Capitol Peacekeepers can do their jobs easily. A "lucky" few will be chosen to head to District 9, one of the most raucous and rebellious Districts, just behind 8 and 11 in level of rebelliousness. Atala strives to be sent to District 9, rising to the top of the class like the cream of the crop does in the District she hopes to serve in. Seneca sinks, scraping the bottoms of the rankings, trying to place barely high enough to be accepted as a Peacekeeper in complacent District 2, but not trying hard enough to get anything better than some dismal job patrolling the ramparts of 2's great fortress, the Nut. After two weeks of rigorous training, the recruits are given their rankings and assignments. Atala snatches her slip of paper and reads it over and over and over. Atala Cragmyre, Female, 21, Born on February 8th, 54th Year PDD - Valedictorian, 1st in Class J of the 66th Year PDD (300 participants) - Assignment: Hunger Games Head Trainer Atala stares, blank eyed. She's heard of very, very high ranking recruits sometimes becoming trainers in the Games. She's been recruited to be the HEAD Trainer, and immense honor, but Atala is disappointed. She wanted a quiet life, hidden in the golden grain of District 9, which is calm when it is untested by the Capitol and its quota is at an easy-to-meet number. Now she will not necessarily be in the spotlight, but she will be watched, supervised, and worst of all, still in the Capitol. No one can lead a quiet, simple life in the Capitol that is worth something. No one. Seneca's entire body aches, and it even hurts to reach out his arm to take the slip of paper from the instructor who welcomed them on the first day. He spots a slack, tired looking Atala, and sees the large 1st printed on her slip, though he cannot read her assignment. He just growls and reads his slip. Seneca Crane, Male, 21, Born on April 19th, 54th Year PDD - Failed, 152nd in Class J of the 66th Year PDD (300 participants) - Assignment: N/A Seneca almost roars. Everyone 150th and up is accepted. He failed just a little bit too much. The chosen 150 are given their Peacekeeper whites as they beam with pride. Only Atala, his nemesis, at least in his convoluted, messy mind, is given a different uniform. She is given an outfit he's seen before; a Head Trainer's outfit for the Hunger Games. He just chuckles softly to himself. How hilarious. The ace of Class J has been added to the Games' sickening pageantry. Seneca would never admit it, but the Games irk him sometimes. Watching the hapless outer District tributes, particularly the young ones, get slaughtered by the Careers is not an enjoyable experience for him. Yet, his uncle is a Gamemaker, and soon after leaving the Peacekeeper training facility near the slums, he called up Uncle Tib (actually Tiberius, as he always corrected Seneca. My name is Tiberius, not Tib. He was known for saying.) Tib makes some calls and realizes there were a few lowly Gamemaker positions, basic tech positions, open. By the time the 66th Games arrived, Seneca Crane had a job as a Gamemaker. Atala slips into her baggy black trainer outfit. Her fingers trace the silvery seal of Panem over her heart, and she keeps biting her lip. Atala rarely gets nervous, but the Games make her nervous. The Careers remind her of the gang members, towering and muscled, in the slums. The gang members that had murdered her older brother Lopez, and that had brutalized her in so many ways that the thoughts of the acts made her break down. Psychologists could not help her, but ignorance was a cure fit enough. Not wanting to cry in front of the tributes, she reviews them in her head. Prosperity and Silver from 1 and Thaddea and Tarquinius from 2, all Careers and all ages 17 and 18, as well as all being handsome, strong, and able. Two weaklings from 3, Cordelle and Wireton, ages 13 and 15. Four had produced two volunteers this year, named Serena and Saipan, both age 16. From 5 came a 16 year old and a 17 year old, named Alyson and Boldt. From 6, two 14 year olds, the boy addicted to morphling, named Kia and Chevy. From 7, two 18 year olds, Elma and Oak. From 8, a 15 year old girl and a 14 year old boy, named Yarna and Thread. From 9, a 16 year old and a 18 year old, named Jeannie and Emmer. From 10, two 17 year olds, named Bertha and Bear. From 11, a 15 year old girl and a 12 year old boy, named Lemonie and Vyne. And from 12, two 15 year olds, named Sarah and Coleman. She isn't sure how they were going to do. The Careers would probably win. They'd won the 62nd-65th so far; she isn't sure if the Outer Districts will be able to stop the Careers. She is shaken from her thoughts of the little 12 year old from 11 being slaughtered by the Careers when she walks into the basement of the Tribute Hotel, where the training center is. She strides in, and watches as her underlings organize their stations. They all collect in front of the 21 year old, all but one older than her, and they listen intently as she welcomes them and tells them to try extra hard; she wants the Outer Districts to put up a good fight against the Careers. She says that the past several years have been senseless slaughter and that it is "boring" to watch, so she needs some competitors from the Outer Districts. They all nod and a few salute mockingly before heading off. Atala just grunts. It is so hard to not reveal that she wants the Outer Districts to have a chance not because of the show, but because she dislikes the senseless slaughter. Her eyes gradually travel up to the Loft, where the Gamemakers sit, as the tributes start to pour in. Her eyes lock with Seneca Crane's, and he is dressed in the bright red, no, blood red smock that the Gamemakers wear. Atala scowls before turning to the tributes amassed around her. She begins to tell them to train hard, nothing that really matters, nothing that really has any worth. The tributes leave, and Atala lets out a sigh. Seneca watches as Tarquinius beheads the strong Emmer boy from District 9. District 9 has been so close to their 5th overall Victor, but Tarquinius had nipped that in the bud. The string of Career Victories has continued, and something about that puts Seneca off a little bit. He closes up his work station in the Control Center, powering off the controls. All he did is controlling the sun's setting and rising. It's boring and he often wants to just fling the virtual sun randomly across the virtual heavens of the arena with a single flick of his finger. But he controls himself. Maybe he could regain favor in the Capitol if he remains loyal and complacent. As he walks out of the Control Center, located in the basement of the Tribute Hotel, he hears a loud whacking noise and grunting coming from the training center in the other half of the basement. He eases open the door into the training center, and he is surprised by the sight before him. Atala, in a black sports bra and charcoal yoga pants, is holding a dull iron sword. She growls as she smacks a dummy on the head, on the back, bruising it and eventually smashing it into pieces on the floor. She brings the pommel down on the splintered head of the dummy, and then she stands, spotting Seneca by the doors. Neither speaks, but Seneca picks up a sword of his own and immediately sets to work destroying a dummy with vigor. His muscled, lean physique has returned after a month's work in the gym before the Games began, and his anger seeps out as he destroys dummy after dummy. Atala just watches, dumbfounded. This is not the man she had seen in line at the Peacekeeper training center, slouched and pot bellied. This is a real man, oozing anger and loneliness and hatred and disdain. He cripples and decimates dummies, and before he knows it he is just smashing the practice sword against the cement ground over and over until it cracks and breaks into hundreds of shattered pieces. He begins to sob a bit as he sits down on the gym mat of the cold sword station. Suddenly he feels a warm hand on his shoulder, and he turns to meet the smoldering gaze of a sweating Atala. Her mouth changes from a small smile to a grimace to a frown to a flat line; she isn't sure how to portray herself to his man she is just truly discovering. Seneca meets her eyes and understanding passes between them.