A/N: I own nothing to do with Twilight, clearly. I am just a super big fan. Who doesn't love Edward and Bella? ;) Summary: To Bella, it was a simple no-strings-attached, one nightstand to a stranger she felt deeply attracted to. But little does she know, to Chicago police officer Edward, it meant so much more. How far is Edward willing to go to make her his? He's certainly not above stalking and breaking & entering. Darkward. Rating: Will most likely go up to an M rating; due to lemons, violence, and some bad language. Number One Crush I would die for you, I've been dying just to feel you by my side, to know that you're mine. Violate all the love that I'm missing, throw away all the pain I've been living, you will believe in me, and I can never be ignored. I would die for you, I would kill for you, I will steal for you, I'd do time for you, I will wait for you, To be close to you. - Number One Crush, Garbage. BPOV The music is heavy metal, loud and goading, with crashing cymbals and an ear-shattering bass-line. When I close my eyes and let the darkness underneath my eyelids swallow me whole, I lose myself in it. I'm tossing my long dark hair back and forth around my shoulders, I'm swinging my hips from side to side, I'm flinging my arms around in the air in front of me. I'm dancing to the wild music like a young girl possessed. It makes me feel wonderful, wild and free. I'm a girl unleashed. A wailing guitar sounds off and then the drums start pulsing and crashing manically, reverberating right through to the soles of my feet, upwards. But then as my eyes flicker open and the music finally comes to a crashing stop; I am suddenly plunged into a deep self-conscious awareness. I'm no dancing queen, I'm not good on my feet, and I can't move around the floor gracefully like they do in the ballet. No, I'm only an insignificant, mousy-haired college student, with a white plaster cast adorning her left middle finger from dislocating it, tagging along in some heavy metal nightclub moshing to a live band for the very first time in Chicago with an older, curvier, and far more self-possessed and easy-footed close friend; Alice Cullen, my best friend and roommate in a two-person's dorm at college. I peer from left to right and quickly realize I've become a little separated from her while letting my dancing take over and consume me, so I shimmy my way back over to her. Through the flickering glare of the deep red lights, I find she's grinning broadly at me, not in a mean way that makes me feel self-conscious or embarrassed, but definitely in a surprised encouraging way. She is dancing near a pale tall, skinny fair-haired guy, who is wearing a Sex Pistols band T-shirt and dark skinny jeans, with a pair of Converse sneakers. They had clearly been moshing together, because he looks a little downcast when she grabs me by the arm and starts weaving her way with me through the sea of moshers away from him. "Oh, Bella, you were getting so into it," she laughs at me loudly through the music as a new song slowly drifts to a start; This time, the song is more easy on the bass-line and yelling. Less goading and heavy, a little like a rock ballad. I laugh back at her, as we trudge our way through our heels to the bar to buy ourselves a refreshing drink. To my surprise, I'm already sweating underneath my arms and I can feel my heart pounding in my chest. My hair feels like damp long ropes that cling to my bare shoulders and my neck and my face feels all flushed and sweaty. Getting into it definitely seemed an understatement, considering. As the female bartender at last gives us her attention, Alice orders two French Martini's, then gets started on making the lethal concoction, pouring a generous amount of gin and vodka into a metal shaker and getting her shake on, like it's a huge silvery maraca. I take the time to study the nightclub again; It's very full tonight and crowded, unsurprisingly. The nightlife in Chicago city, I heard, was very crazy. This nightclub was definitely living up to the reputation. Alice and I usually avoid nightclubs and parties like the plague, but tonight, we decided to go out and celebrate getting through our first semester of college unscathed. Everything about this club was quite hard to swallow, frankly. It was definitely the scene for headbangers and pot-smokers, which neither of us was of course. But somehow, despite how out of place we must have looked in our slinky dresses while everyone else mainly wore clothes consisting of leather, buckles, short skirts or tight jeans, with combat boots and sneakers rather than heels, we seemed to be fitting in nicely. We were having a great time. As the bartender sets our rimmed Martini glasses on the counter, she asks for our I.D. Like we would actually try order a drink underage anyway. Alice hands hers first, then I do. She scrutinizes mine for a longer length than she did Alice's, then gives a grim nod and hands mine back. I blow out a relieved breathe of air; We passed her little test, and now we were free to take our drinks elsewhere to find a vacant table to sit. I hold my French Martini very carefully as we start our way slowly through the line at the bar, searching for somewhere to sit and drink. Just as we manage our way through the busy line without any spillage whatsoever, I catch sight of him. A very handsome man, about in his early twenties or thirties or so, standing across the room from the bar, adjacent to an empty blood red pine table. There is nothing headbanger-ish about him at all. While I have the chance to, I give him the good-once over; my dark eyes falling straight down to the very tip of his shoes and back up again. He's wearing polished light brown loafers and he's a little over six-foot, I estimate. He also is looking very immaculate in a dark grey business suit that clings to him in a very professionally tailored fashion. He has a very masculine face, an appealing jaw, and his hair is a sort of thick hot golden red, combed straight back and slick with hair-gel; though a few strands stand up chaotically at the sides, probably due to a hectic day of... lord knows what he does for a living. He has a nice pair of dark arched eyebrows and his lips are the most kissable shape I have ever seen in a man before. To my disappointment, I can't see what color his eyes are, considering how fluorescent the room is with the flickering lights but they were looking pretty dark shining in the half-light. Squinting through the lights as I follow on Alice's tail, I find that he is holding a beer in one hand- a set of long sinewy fingers curling around the narrow neck of the bottle- and grasping a cell phone in the other hand that was dangling by his side. I wonder if he was here on business, or if he was just here to let loose and enjoy the evening. He didn't seem like the type of guy to be a fan of heavy metal, though. As they say however, appearances can be deceiving. Alice, who shoots a look behind her shoulder in my direction, follows my gaze over to his part of the room inquiringly. I'm fairly sure I hear her laugh through the piercing music. It makes me feel incredibly nervous and the insides of my stomach churn in apprehension. I deliberately turn my attention elsewhere, gluing my eyes to the back of Alice's rippling scalp of mousy brown short hair. At long last, we find ourselves a table and sit, placing our drinks carefully in front of it. I'm finding myself unbearably parched- from both the dancing and the embarrassment of Alice having caught me out ogling the cute guy from across the room- so I grasp at my long straw and swoop my head down to chomp on the end of the plastic with my two front teeth. I take in a few small sips and let the cool liquor sit on the bed of my tongue for a few seconds before swallowing it down. The vodka and gin produces a very bitter, yet salty tinged aftertaste, and I can't help but cringe a few times as it settles down my throat and into my stomach. Usually, I was not a heavy drinker. I barely even touched alcohol, only on special occasions that called for it- like flying home to Florida for the weekend to see my mother, in which she'd pluck out the champagne with my unexpected visit. I could already feel the small amount going straight to my head. Every now and then, I find my eyes darting over to check and see whether the gorgeous man had left the premises or not and, luckily for me, each and every time I did, I found him still standing there; his beer bottle always dangling at his side untouched. Occasionally, he'll look across the room but his eyes never settle on anything or anyone who seems to capture his interest. What a hunk, though. Every time he did get closer to looking in my direction, I felt my pulse would instinctively quicken and my breathing would grow shallow. Maybe my fascination for him was obvious, because Alice was speaking again: "Bella, you should go introduce yourself to him. Clearly you want to. Don't be a pussy." Heaven knows I sure wanted to. I play with my straw, avoiding her eyes. "I don't know Alice. He is probably waiting for someone. I don't want to embarrass myself." "Bella, stop thinking so negatively about yourself," she says in outrage, a little louder than is necessary. "You look great in your dress and any guy can see that! Just go over there and give it what you've got! There is no harm done in trying, right?" I consider in silence for a long moment, all kinds of tense. My pulse went again with its racing at the mere thought of going over to him and I felt what resembled butterflies fluttering away in my stomach with the anxiety. I knew Alice was right. What harm done in heading over there and introducing myself to a man I found handsome and fascinating? It took me a few desperate gulps to swallow all of my Martini down and once finished, I rose from my chair. Feeling an extra spur of boldness- though, unsure whether it was the alcohol giving me the confidence or not- I start my way towards him in my heels. I prayed internally that my hair was still neat and controlled without an ounce of frizziness in sight, and that my dark red lipstick was still on and not smeared. It felt like it had taken me years just to reach across the room a hair's length away from where he was standing and it seemed the gentle clicking of my heels signalled my approach, because he glanced up at me from the screen of his cell phone and it was then the spur of boldness left almost suddenly, like a flame being doused by water. I was torn in that instance, frantically debating on whether I ought to turn right around and run back over to Alice's table. Heaven knows I wanted to. But it was too late now, I realized. He had already noticed me approaching; plus it would have seemed weird and immature if I had turned right around and headed