I woke up on Saturday morning, it was miserable and rainy here in forks, not that that's a surprise. I glanced at the alarm clock on my bedside table, 7.30am.. Shit.. Even on the weekend my bodies in training mode. Fuck it, be aswell going to the school and getting a swim session in. Charlie was already away on a fishing trip with Billy Black, his usual saturday antics. I made some toast and ate quickly washing it down with a glass of orange juice. Running back upstairs I put on sweats and my hoody and shoved my swimming stuff in a bag. Locking up as I left. I threw my gym bag in the truck and headed to forks high. The swimming pools always open and with me being on the swim team I have free access, no ones ever here on a Saturday so it's usually just me. This suits me perfectly, there's nothing more therapeutic than a free pool and getting a good swim in. I suppose I should introduce myself, my names Isabella Marie Swan. I'm 17 years old with jet black hair that falls in waves down to my waist. I have light blue eyes, am 5ft3 with a rather large bust. My body is toned due to all the swimming and soccer and I have a heart shaped face with a button nose. I fuckin hate my nose, but apparently it's "cute". Pffftttttt. Ive been told my soccer skills are amazing "for a girl", mostly the guys say that, surprise surprise, I can kick most of their asses and run circles around them. Most are intimidated by me, but according to my friends I'm the most wanted girl in school. You see, although I'm into sports I'm not your regular tom boy so to speak, I still love make up, doing my hair and wearing nice clothes. Apparently being good at soccer and having a swimmers body makes me "Hot as Fuck". HA, unfortunately no boys at school do it for me. You see they all just don't match up to our gym teacher, Mr Whitlock. Fuck, he's ruined boys for me. He's all man, 6'4 with huge rippling muscles, chocolate brown eyes and blonde curly hair that sits down by his ears. He has a strong jawline and a straight nose, in other words he's just unfuckinreal! Ever since the day he started at our school I've been obsessed, he's fuckin beautiful, an enigma. He has a southern accent and I swear it knocks me stupid, whenever he teaches the class I end up having to run laps for not listening properly, he turns me to goo whenever he speaks or fuck just whenever I look at him (Which is a lot, I try not to be creepy but shit he's too much). He's only 24 as well, apparently he was a military man and had to leave due to an injury, thus resulting in him teaching gym at forks high. Unfortunately he fuckin HATES me! Anytime I see him he doesn't even glance at me, and if he does it's because I'm getting shouted at. Oh well, a girl can fantasise, and I do that A LOT! I find myself pulling up into the parking lot, which is empty. Thank fuck. Oops, spoke too soon. "Yo Bella", fuckin Mike Newton, one of the many thorns in my side. He's cute, if your in to that, but like I said all boys are ruined. "Hey Mike". He quickly runs up to me as I hop out the truck, throwing an arm around my shoulder. "You off to get a swim in babes?", GAG, "Yeah, woke up early so thought I'd come here while it's quiet yah know?". "Yeah bells I get it, Im just here for a quick run, heading home now. You coming to the party on the beach tonight?". Shit I almost forgot, the annual 4th of July party down at La push on first beach. They do it every year, it never lands on the 4th of July, so they usually do it the Saturday before. I know for a fact Rose and Alice won't let me out of this, Alice the little pixie demon probably has an outfit picked for me. "Yeah, il be there". He looks me up and down, in a really creepy way. "Maybe we could go together, you know we would be the hottest couple in school. What with me being the captain of the football team? I know your not head cheerleader but your part of the squad". Forgot to mention that didn't I? Im also in the cheer squad. I know, my hobbies are bizzare. "Look Mike, we're friends ok? I don't see you as more than that, I'll see you there and we can hang". Fuck he doesn't look happy, "Ugh, okay fine. See ya later". He runs off. Seriously why don't the guys get it here? Especially Mike, he's like a fuckin puppy dog at points. The funny thing is, he follows me and doesn't realise that Jessica Stanley, the cheer captain and another thorn in my side is following him. Hmm, maybe I can set them up. I quickly whip out my phone and text Alice and Rose... To- The girls From- Bella Project "Set Mike and Jess up", his puppy dog act is seriously getting old you guys! Let's make a plan for tonight at the party. You girls coming to mine to get ready and a few pre drinks about 5? Charlie's out for the night. Luv Yas X Alice- OMG such a good plan B, C yah at 5. Mwah x ps I have your outfit and its FUCKIN HOT! Rose- Ye sounds good biatch, I'm on hairs and make up! C Yous 2nyt. Luv Ya xox Plan in motion, time for a swim. I quickly go to the girls changing room and get my swimsuit on and head in. After a quick warmup, 200 lengths and a cool down i'm out the water. Honestly nothing beats a good swim, I dry off and check my phone. A text from tyler asking about the party, and 2 similar from Luke and Brett. I roll my eyes and quickly reply, pretty much the same thing I said to Mike earlier. These guys aren't too bad though, they usually take the hint and move on to the rest of the cheer squad. I scroll down and see I have a message from Emmett, he's roses bear of a boyfriend and my BFF. To-Bella From-Em Yo B, we are getting FUCKIN SMASHED tonight, I've got a bottle of your fave for some shots tonight. Honey JD! Me and Ed are Gonna pick you girls up around 8. C yah then baby bells X I quickly type out a reply and see its 9.30. Better get showered and head home. Tonight is gonna be epic. I grab my towel and wash bag and head to the showers. Fuck they aren't working, I've used the ones in the teachers office upstairs and I know there's no one here so il just do that again. Wrapping my towel round me I head up the stairs. The doors open and no ones in like I suspected, I quickly head into the teachers office and to the shower room. The office has desks and computers, with shelves and drawers stacked on either side. As you walk in the shower rooms directly in front and the toilets in a separate room, so weird. The shower doesn't have a door it's just got a frosted glass panel that opens and shuts and you can see the persons head, totally old school. I wonder if the teachers just shower while the others are in the room, I mean all their bits would be covered. Giggling to myself I turn the shower on and quickly strip out my suit. Jumping in I shut the panel door and start washing. I have my belly button pierced top and bottom, my right nipple and a tattoo that runs from the side of my thigh right up my stomach to just under my breasts, it's a dream catcher, with flowers looping in and and around. It hurt like fuck and my parents weren't too happy about it but I do what I want. Charlie was never there for me, still isn't and Renees so much of a cluster brain I pretty much raised myself. I shampoo my hair and rinse it out then put my conditioner on. While that's rinsing I start washing my body, singing as I do. Ive been told I have a pretty good voice, Id never sing in public though I keep that strictly for shower time. Once I'm fully washed and rinsed I turn the shower off and grab my towel, still hidden by the panel I glance to the side. That's when I see him. Mr Whitlock is standing beside his desk, running shorts on and no T-shirt, if I thought his body looked good before I was mistaken, this is fuckin sinful, he's a Greek god. I think I'm drooling, I've got the whole deer in headlights act going on. He's staring right at me, I glance down making sure I'm covered then quickly look back up again. He's still staring, his face shows no emotion but his eyes are dark and could well be piercing in to my soul. "Shit, I mean fuck, I mean...", great fuckin start Bella. His lips curl up in a fuck hot smirk, I take a deep breath. Fuck this, Im a confident girl! Mr Whitlock will not break me! I release the breath I'm holding and look into his eyes again, they look even darker if that's possible. "Im sorry sir, the showers in the girls room aren't working and I didn't realise anyone was here. Mrs Smith said it was fine to use this shower over the weekend". He walks forward a few steps and grasps onto the desk, his fingers digging into it making his knuckles turn white. "Is that so Miss Swan". His voice comes out raspy and really seductive, I release a moan. Shit, his head snaps up and he cocks it to the side. Fuck he's so sexy. I look down at myself, feeling a bit more embarrassed by my state of Undress, I slowly lift my eyes starting from his bare feet working my way up, I feel myself blushing. That's when I see it, the large, extremely prominent BULGE in his shorts. Holy shit, I actually see the outline, he must of gone commando. He's fuckin huge! I've never had sex, or done anything sexual for that matter but of course I'm curious, I've seen things online and by the looks of it he's way larger than average. I would guess like 10 inches, thick as well. Shit shit shit I'm still staring. I quickly snap my eyes up to meet his and he's smirking again, he lifts his hand and runs it threw his hair then slowly lowers it down his body and grabs his length in his hand threw his shorts. He squeezes it lightly, showing me just how large it is and says "See something you like Isabella". I full out moan this time and lick my lips. He literally just screams SEX APPEAL. I can't even cope. I open the panel door and step out, my towel still wrapped around me. I feel myself getting embarrassed again, and after that move he just pulled there's a wetness pooling between my legs. I try and hold my thighs together, needing some friction. Mr Whitlock looks at me and chuckles slightly. "Miss Swan, do you know how difficult it is, seeing ya everyday. That fuckhot body, in those tiny gym shorts. Knowing that I can't have ya? Hmm? The way your hips sway when you walk to each class, it's truly torture. Im 24 years old, I should be