A/N: I will probably AU a little bit on some things since this is all about the difference one person can make. Let me know where it sucks and where it's strong, if I don't have enough development or anything somewhere. The focus of this story is on what happened outside the games. Thought Katniss and Peeta and all those same awesome characters we all love will pop in and out, this mostly focuses on the Districts and what was going on around the Hunger Games before the rebellion. Reviews appreciated :D Chapter 1: Reaping Day "When a butterfly flaps its wings in one part of the world, it can cause a hurricane in another." - Author Unknown The young woman lay on her bed staring straight up at her ceiling. Pink, diaphanous curtains billowed around the four poster bed fixed in the middle of her room, but she ignored them. The feeling of wakefulness filled the house around her and she knew it was time to wake up, but something made her limbs feel like lead. Finally, a soft knock on her door. "Callie?" her mother's voice was muffled by the wood, "Calliope, are you awake?" A moment of silence passed and Callie said nothing, cold blue eyes fixed on the ceiling. The door creaked a little as it was opened, "Callie, you're going to miss the Graduation Games if you don't get up soon." Callie sat up quickly and fixed her harsh stare on her mother, "I'm awake, mom. I'll be down in a minute." The woman didn't leave, instead she made her way to Calliope's bedside and rested a gentle hand on her ankle. Her soft doe eyes watched her daughter sympathetically, so sympathetically it made Calliope sick, "I'm sorry you didn't qualify, darling. Graduating in the top 15 of your class is still impressive, you won't be on your own for long." "Yes," Callie's voice was veiled with sarcasm, "Such a shame I didn't get the opportunity to slit the throats of my classmates." Ava Lightwood's gentle gaze flipped like a switch to cold and calloused. She got to her feet and gathered her long blue skirt in her hands, "Get dressed and be downstairs for breakfast. We're going to the Graduation Games and cheering for your friends." The slamming door made the windows rattle and Calliope tossed back the covers. She was downstairs by the time breakfast was on the table, staring down into her eggs and letting her thoughts consume her. Callie lifted a hand to catch the stray silvery blond curl that had slipped loose from her carefully crafted hairstyle. She raised her hands and rearranged the peridot comb that held it all together so she would not have to deal with another stray hair again. Ava's cool hands were soft on hers as they stopped Callie, taking care of the renegade curl on her own. Calliope looked up at her mother with an apologetic smile, one Ava returned and took her place at the other side of the table. That was the moment Callie became aware of her stepfather's harsh eyes fixed on her. Scipio's frosty gray-blue eyes were met by the defiance of his stepdaughter's and he cleared his throat, "It's a shame you didn't qualify. I had higher hopes for you." Short, but it drove the point home like a knife. Callie winced and looked away, popping a slice of melon in her mouth and forcing herself to chew. Scipio was reminding her of her failure and emphasizing his disappointment in her, but he didn't understand. He hadn't been with her on the Qualifying Day and he hadn't been inside her head for the last two years. She clenched her eyes shut for a second to keep the memory at bay, but it came upon her whether she wanted it or not. All the members of the senior class at the Academy met for Qualifying Day in lieu of final examinations. This would culminate in five girls and five boys to vie for the illustrious honor of being District 1's volunteer for the 74th Annual Hunger Games, just like it always had. 'Hesitation,' the voice in her head said with all the authority of the Instructor, 'is the single weakness all Districts have in common.' And they had preyed on that hesitation in Calliope that day. Pairing her for the second-to-last fight had been simple, Callie should have anticipated it. The announcer put her and Glimmer, childhood friend and closest confidante, together in the ring and the fight began. Calliope had always been the superior fighter of the two, subduing Glimmer had been simple enough. Once she had Glimmer pinned under her, Callie raised her fist for the final knock out blow, but felt her arm slow down. It was only a second's worth of hesitation, but it had been enough. Glimmer, without missing a breath, coiled around her like a snake and reversed their fortunes. Callie was out like a bulb when Glimmer hit her. The memory was still raw and painful, the embarrassment of it haunted Calliope at the breakfast table and she knew Scipio would continue to punish her with it until he felt she had enough. No more words were spoken, Callie waited for Ava to rise with her stepfather and got to her feet. She smoothed out the mint green chiffon of her dress and fell into line behind her mother. Ava fell back and took her daughter's arm, her voice a whisper. "Be excited for Glimmer, this could be an incredible day for her," Ava got closer to her, "This could be an incredible day for Marvel." Callie had steeled herself against his name, ignored the fact that he existed. She and Marvel had been together since she was fifteen, just two short years ago, and now he was going to take to the ring and fight for his place to be the District 1 Volunteer. If Calliope had been any other girl, any other person in District 1, she would have been elated. This would have been a shining moment for her closest friend and the love of her life, but she wasn't. Callie couldn't bring herself to be happy for them, elated for them, anything outside the spectrum of terrified seemed inappropriate. The door of the limousine slammed shut behind her and made her jump. Callie hadn't even realized she had stepped into the vehicle. Instead, Callie focused on the passing buildings and houses, elaborate columned structures trying so hard to mimic the Capitol. The thought made her snort disapprovingly under her breath. Trying to be like the Capitol, she thought, like the Capitol is some Mecca we should aspire to be. District 1 and her luxurious lifestyle had granted Calliope access to the Capitol that other Districts could only hope for. She had witnessed first hand the gluttony and greed that festered in the city, the vanity and obsession with the Hunger Games. Part of Calliope scolded herself, she should feel blessed to have such a District that was so loved by the Capitol, blessed that her stepfather had taken her in and sent her to the best Academy money could buy. Something about it felt wrong, had felt wrong for a long time. The door of the limousine opened and Calliope took the hand that extended inwards, stepping carefully out of the car. Marvel smiled down at her and squeezed her hand, lifting it to his lips to give it a gentle kiss, "Calliope Lightwood." She fought against her own smile and lost, wrapping her arms around his lithe frame and standing on her tip-toes to kiss him. They pulled back and looked at each other, she let him tug loose one of her carefully crafted curls and spin his fingers around it. He kissed her again before releasing her to greet her mother and stepfather. Calliope took a step back and watched him shake hands with Scipio and embrace Ava, they had loved Marvel as though he were their own son. Now, they were thrilled to watch him beat down his fellow Graduates for the title of Volunteer so they could be thrilled to watch him slaughter those who should have been his classmates. A bitterness filled Calliope's mouth and threatened to extinguish her smile, but she swallowed hard. It seemed cheap and staged that the other Districts didn't receive the training District 1 and 2 had, like they were lambs being led to a slaughter. For the most part, they had been, but every so often one of the outer districts would surprise them and take the victory spot. Calliope ignored the nagging feeling that those victories had been staged, too. Marvel offered her his arm, "Why the long face?" She recovered her supportive smile and gave him a small laugh as a consolation prize, "I'm just thinking about the other Graduate competitors you have to go up against today. Tithe and Glory are formidable, especially Glory. The guy is half mountain, half bigger mountain." Marvel laughed gently, "I'm not worried. Do I look worried?" he pointed at his face, "You shouldn't be either. I'm going to beat them and come home as our Victor." For a moment, Marvel's expression of confidence faltered as he remembered Glimmer competing for the Female Tribute slot, "Unless Glimmer gets the spot, then she might have to come back as the Victor for me." It was an ambiguous line to walk, wanting to console your girlfriend on your victory and also console her on her friend's victory. Both of them knew the truth, all the pomp and theater would vanish before them and the only thing in the Arena that would matter is survival. "I'm not worried," Callie said, trying to ease the tension that had built up, "If I'm lucky one of you will have to stay here and sulk and console me while the other comes back as Victor." They paused at the entrance to the Stadium and Marvel gave her a quick kiss goodbye before disappearing towards the dressing rooms. She felt a squeeze on her hip and turned around to see Glimmer, crying out with excitement. Glimmer bounced forwards gleefully on her toes and covered Calliope in her arms like a blanket. She may not have been the most intelligent person, but she was the most excitable. Callie forgave her moderate ignorance of the world around her in exchange for her unquenchable happiness. Calliope embraced her back and matched her hopping, eventually pulling away and staring at her friend. "Can you even believe this day is here? And I get to be a part of it?" Glimmer squealed. Glimmer was tactful, avoiding the possibility of herself and Marvel winding up in the same place and focusing on her own excitement. "I'm going to be rooting for you, don't tell Marvel. I have to," Callie hugged Glimmer again, "You will apparently knock my ass out if I don't." Glimmer looked up at the sound of a single bell tolling and looked back to Calliope, wide-eyed, "That's my cue, you're absolutely right," she embraced Callie again, "I'll knock the hell out of you if you don't root for me." Calliope watched Glimmer disappear behind the double doors of the dressing room and made her way inside. It was easy enough to reconvene with her parents, everyone knew the Lightwood family around here. Scipio was well liked and had tremendous acumen for gems and fine metal crafting, Ava was a remarkable hair stylist. Finding someone to direct her towards them was a simple task and Callie took her place among the crowds in the stadium. Finally, the announcer boomed over the loud speakers, "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to the annual Graduation Games of District 1!" A cry of excitement drowned out the speaker for a moment, people were on their feet applauding and shouting. Calliope remained where she was, tapping her hands together weakly. "Today have the incredible privilege of watching