A/N: I'm trying my best to bring my creativeness back. So, I'm going to try out this. Now, I have never written LOTR fan fiction. It's also been about...ten years+ since I've read the books. So, pardon me if I do not quite get some things right. Anyways, this has been stuck on my head. I'm hoping that someone, err, anyone enjoys it! I don't have a beta, so please excuse any errors. I'm sorry . Chapter One: Lock down " I can feel you calling me I can taste the poison in your heart But these dreams Blurring the line between war and peace To survive, I lock down." A dark abyss was surrounding her, swallowing her into nothingness as she struggled to breathe. It was as though she was being squeezed through a tube at the speed of light. There was nothing, but so much at once. She felt no fear, but she did feel a pulsing need coursing through her body. A need for what? She didn't know. She had to finish, she had to survive this. If she didn't, she never- She breathed in, strongly and sharply, her eyes flying open as a loud, "FUCK!" exclaimed from her lips, breathing heavily and pushing her mahogany hair of her face. Her face paled out. She looked around, seeing herself in a fancy room. One she did not recognize. It was very open and bright; all the furniture was intricately carved wood in the large room. She darted her head to the side, looking out the balcony doors as a cool breeze made the silver curtains sway beautifully. Beyond the doors was a Forrest. It was dark, yet full of beauty. It was as though a beautiful painting had a large black strip painted down the middle. It ruined it, but yet you could still see that underneath, it was quite a lovely sight. It did not match the bright and almost heavenly atmosphere of the room, that was for sure. "..." She looked around her immediate area, seeing herself sitting on a feather canopy bed. The sheets were silver, and the duvet an emerald green, that closely resembled her own eyes. Her mind raced as she rubbed her face. Her mind couldn't recall...anything. It was as though she knew every detail, but could not place any events of her life to the knowledge. She knew what a car was, but what kind did she have? She didn't even know if she had one. She knew what family and friends were, but she didn't know any of hers. In many ways, it didn't even make sense. But she knew she didn't know this room...at least, she didn't think she did? Maybe she had forgotten? She was panicking again. Looking down at herself, ripping the duvet back to see a long, white, silken gown covering her shaking body. Her eyes immediately snapped to the door, seeing an elegant man walk through the door, offering her a smile. For a reason unknown to her, she felt a sense of closeness with the man. Her eyes calmly drifted down his form. "Why are you wearing a dress?" she blurted without thinking; watching in almost amusement as his thick, dark eyebrows rose so far up to his platinum blonde hair, that if they were the same color, they surely would have disappeared. "I am not wearing a dress, young mortal," he said smoothly, his voice gentle, yet dripping with sarcasm. "I am Thranduil, King of the Woodland Realm." he said proudly. Her eyebrows pulled together in confusion. 'What the hell type of name was that? I hope I never have to say it, I'm going to butcher that so badly. Better yet, what the fuck is the Woodland Realm?' "Um..." she trailed off, not exactly sure how to respond as she eyed the pointy crown sitting on his head. "...Nice to meet you. I'm..." she frowned, her mind racing. What was her name? Genevieve She jumped slightly at the voice in her mind. It was in her voice, but it was not her thought. If that even made sense. She shook her head. Nothing made sense, maybe Vanilla Ice over there knew. She eyed his ice blue dress warily. "Genevieve..." she whispered, looking down. "But please call me Evie." She blinked. Evie? Where did that come from? His dark eyebrows pulled together as he slowly walked towards her, making her head whip up sharply as he lightly sat at the end of the bed. He held out pale, long fingered hands, palms up. "Both are very...unusual to me," he tilted his head. "allow me to see your palms." "Huh?" she blinked, staring at him in confusion. Slightly irritation sparked though his ice eyes, making her flush lightly. He really was quite handsome. His face remained blank, but his eyes told all. But still he was probably an expert at deceiving all around him. She knew he could be quite charismatic if he chose. "Your palms, Genevieve," he repeated slowly, as though he was speaking with someone mentally slow. She barely restrained herself from glaring as she sighed, placing her clammy hands out, palms up. "Evie." she corrected. He ignored her. His hands lightly grabbed hers, examining them intently. She barely stopped herself from flinching. It was strange; waves of disgust were rolling off her body. It felt... wrong. Why did it feel so wrong? It was as though she wasn't supposed to be touching his hands. It was barely noticeable at first, but the longer he gently held them, the more overwhelming the feeling became. It wasn't a disgusted feeling as in watching someone vomit, but a disgusted with yourself feeling. She felt like she just kicked someone's puppy, and it felt like it was hurting her more deeply. Right as she was about to snatch her hands from his, he dropped them. Instantly, relief washed over her body for some unknown reason. "18 years," he sighed, shaking an elegant head. "practically an infant!" It was then that she noticed his ears with alarm. She'd temporarily ignore him calling her an infant. "Your ears," she blurted, eyes wide. "I am a Woodland Elf," he said plainly, his eyes furrowing. "I do not believe you are of this world. We are in Middle earth. What can you tell me of your home, young Genevieve?" Recognition at his words flashed through her mind for some unknown reason. She felt like she knew this...but what did she know? She blinked, her mind going to what she knew to be HER world. All the tall buildings, the cars, the planes, and the people. But try as she might, she couldn't remember HER life. It was as though it had been erased, and only her knowledge of the world remained. She couldn't remember family, or friends either. Just...nothing. It was blank. Elves did not exist in her world, she knew that. But at the same time, this was so familiar. Like she'd heard it before. She dug her fingers into her hair. Surely, she'd go insane thinking about it. Logic would say that she was clearly still in her world. And this dude with the Gwen Stefani hair was just some psycho that had kidnapped her. But deep down, she just knew that wasn't true. It was very, very real. Perhaps she was insane? He was looking at her patiently, his ice eyes observing her every facial change. "My captain found you unclothed in the woods of Mirkwood," he offered calmly, making her jaw drop. "Have you any indication on how you became to be that way, young mortal?" Her face reddened deeply. "YOU SAW ME NAKED?" the, 'I kicked a puppy.' feeling increased tenfold. His thin lips slightly twitched at her horrified outburst. "No," he said calmly. "but a captain did. If it pleases you, it was an Elleth who covered you with her cloak before carrying you here. No males looked upon your body of my knowledge." Evie released a sigh of relief as the feeling went away. Well, she didn't really mind a female seeing her naked. But him, or another guy of his attractiveness...she'd climb in a hole and never come out again. "My world..." she shook her head, clothing her eyes. "Planes, humans only, cars, computers and smartphones-" "Enough." She opened her eyes, seeing him holding up a pale hand. "Your words make little sense," he said calmly, sighing disappointingly. "I must send word to Galadriel. She shall know where to progress from this point. I will send you to Lothlorien with one of my guard." Another shock of familiarly struck the young woman. 'Lothlorien...Galadriel...' she mused quietly, pulling her mouth into a frown. She...knew, but could not place it for the life of her. "Quite interesting," he said, snapping her out of her musings as she looked at him with a frown. "I shall send a maid to help you with bathing and dress." "But-" The king ignored her completely, exiting the room, his dress billowing quite dramatically behind him. She glared after him, but her glare stopped as a beautiful woman entered the room. Her hair was jet black, falling down her back in gentle waves. Her blue eyes bright and beautiful as her flawless skin. A silver gown hugged her shapely and perfect body and she glided in the room. Evie suddenly felt like some kind of gross, she-beast. "Hello, I am Uranthial," she smiled, reveling a flawless smile. "I shall help with your bath and dressings, my lady." 'Urine-thial? Jesus.' Evie couldn't stop her immature side from coming forth as she barely stiffed a giggle, crawling from the bed. The she-elf gave her a strange look, but apparently decided to just ignore the strange girls strange behavior. "Nice to meet you..." Evie cleared her throat, smiling cheekily. "I'm Evie." The she elf nodded, pulling out a long, emerald gown that she eyed with interest as she put it on the bed. The elf walked up to her and yanked the gown over her head without warning. "Heyy!" Evie exclaimed, going red as she pushed her hair out of her face and crossed her arms across her chest on instinct. But her exclamation fell on deaf ears as the she-elf stared below her waist, an extremely shocked expression marring her lovely features. Evie looked down at her naked body, then back up to see the woman still gaping. " What ?" she snapped with a little more venom than she intended. But, the lady was really making her feel self conscious. Yeah, so what her body wasn't perfect like hers probably was...did she have to stare like that?! Did they not have manners in middle earth? She almost snorted. Like Gwen Stefani didn't ignore her. "My lady, where are the hairs of your womanhood?" she asked, looking up at her red face with shock. "you have bosom; you are not a child." Evie blinked, looking down at her bare crotch before her lip trembled and she roared in laughter, startling the elf that was waiting for her answer. "I-I'm s-sorry!" Evie choked out between giggles, shaking her head. Just, seeing a woman that shocked at her having removed her pubic hair...was well, hysterical . She knew that in her world, it would be opposite. Another women would probably look at her like she was a hairy beast if she didn't have it removed. "My lady..." the elf said, approaching her with a concerned expression. As though Evie's lack of pubic hair surely meant there was something seriously wrong...and she would die soon. "No, no, its okay!" Evie said encouragingly, not wanting to scare the beauty. "in my world, women remove their pubic hair. Body hair isn't a thing. I removed it. It's fine." "Why would you remove your maturity?" the elf gasped, looking horrified at her actions. "Um..." Evie faltered, feeling awkward. She knew it was a thing in her world, and she knew she had it waxed. How