A harry potter story told from the Slytherin point of view. Basically if harry would have been sorted into Slytherin and not into Gryffindor. Disclaimer I do not own harry potter JK Rowling dose. Chapter 1: The boy looked up at the old women standing in front of the crowd of children. "Hello and welcome to Hogwarts. You will follow me into the Great Hall where you will be sorted into your houses. The houses are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. While your here your house is like your family. Triumphs will win you points. Any rule breaking and you will lose points." the old women turned around and walked through a set of big doors behind her. The first years were so excited all but young Mr. Potter who had only just heard about magic being real yesterday. When Hagird the grounds keeper had busted into his aunt and uncles house and told him he was a wizard. He still couldn't believe it was all real and kept pinching himself on the arm trying to wake himself up. "Now when I call your name you will please come up. I will put the hat on your head and you will be sorted into your house. Hermonie granger." the old women said and the girl harry had seen on the train stepped up and sat. Suddenly the hat spoke "hum... Gryffindor!" the hat yelled and the Gryffindor exploded with applause. the old women whose name harry had missed looked down at her clip board again "Ronald weasly!" she called and the boy with whom harry at sat on the train with stepped forward. The hat spoke "hum... another weasly I know just what to do ... Gryffindor!" again the hall erupted with applause. "Draco Malfoy!" the old women called and before the hat even touched his head it had chosen his house "Slytherin!" the hat yelled the Slytherin table erupted with screams and yells for the new Slytherin first year. "Harry potter!" McGonagall called and the hall grew silent not even the sound of a cricket could be heard. Harry stepped forward and that hat was placed on his head. "Hum... very tricky you have a great mind there's no doubt about that either house would fit you perfectly but where to put you. Hum... I know! Slytherin!" the Slytherin table erupted louder than they had before and harry walked over slowly wondering if this house would be good for him or if he should have asked for a different one. Harry sat down next Draco ignoring the rest of the sorting and looking around the Slytherin table. Draco gave Harry's shoulder a light punch and congratulated him on making Slytherin." hey potter, only the best get in this house your lucky potter." Dumbledore the head master of the school stood after the sorting was finished and spoke "well now that we are all in our houses I have a few announcements. First off the first years note that door to the right and the third floor corridor is out of bounds to those of you who do not wish to die a most painful death. With that said let the feast begin." after the head master spoke harry noticed piles of all kinds of food appearing on the table before him. Draco noticed that harry looked at the food as if he'd never eaten before and asked him "why are you looking at it as if you've never in your life had a meal potter." Draco raised one of his eye brows. "Oh sorry you see where I live with my aunt and uncle they have never reason to feed me. I've been making my own meals since I can remember." he looked around for anything good to eat. "Surly potter you must be joking don't they fear you?" Draco as if someone had just stupefied him. "Well they've had no reason to fear me they never told me I was a wizard so I didn't know I could have done anything." harry found some potatoes and some chicken and scooped them onto his plate. "So you're not just acting you really haven't seen food before? Well that's bloody daft isn't it potter. Oh well you got good friends now and those bloody relatives of yours give you any trouble you let me know and I'll send my father to make an impression on them." Draco grinned a half grin then scooped his own plate. "First years follow me." Snape called from the front of the line of Slytherin first years. Leading them down a many twisting hallways then stopping in front of a statue. Snape looked back at the students. "Remember this for if you forget the common room password you'll not be able to enter." Snape turned to the statue "what is something you don't want to do!" the statue let out a rumbling voice. "Have tea with the minister." Snape said and the statue moved aside to reveal a door. Once inside they looked around. The Slytherin common room was huge harry saw leather furniture black as coal and wooden tables that would not break. Draco slipped in behind harry without being noticed and whispered in his ear "potter you're a Slytherin that means you have to act like one." then Draco lead potter toward the leather sofa where they sat and looked at the fire that never seemed to go out even though no one ever put new coals or wood on it to burn. Then they stood and went up the stairs to the boy's dorm. "How do you suppose there is enough room for all of us to fit in such a tiny space?" harry looked over at Draco. "dad said there is an enchantment on the entrance that fixes the room to the proper size that it needs to be for however many people get sorted here it's also enchanted to keep the year groups apart so that first years don't bother fifth years and so on." harry began unpacking his truck and putting away his robes and socks in the dresser drawer near the bed he chose. Draco was finished first and sat on his bed watching harry unpack. "So potter meet a girl yet that you fancy." Draco looked at him "Draco we've only been here a day and you expect me to answer that?" harry looked up from his unpacking. "Chill potter just making small talk... well if you don't want to talk about girls then let's talk about... Voldemort" Harry's neck hair stood on end and he looked at Draco eye blazing. "He killed my parents." "Potter you really need to lighten up. can't you talk about something without getting all worked up... maybe you should have been sorted into Hufflepuff because your such a baby." Draco gazed at potter then started laughing harry began laughing too. "you know Draco I thought the sorting hat was wrong putting me in Slytherin but I can already tell we are going to be super good friends." potter snickered then put away is last few pairs of socks and Sat on his bed. Harry looked over and saw something in Draco's truck that he had left open. "What's that Malfoy?" harry said pointing at the checkered piece of wood. "Oh just wizards chess dad taught me to play... it's not as Easy as it looks potter." for an hour Draco tried explaining the rules to harry and how to play then they played. "So it's like muggle chess only the pieces move themselves?" harry watched as Draco's tower took over one of his pawns. "This is brilliant." harry called as his queen took Draco's knight and he was able to check Draco's king. "Ha, beginners luck potter I'll get you next time." Draco packed the game away then looked up. Goyle! Crabbe! When did you two get here?" he looked at the two boys standing in the door way. "Don't just stand there come in you blithering ninnies." They exchange a glance then sit on their beds to. "Want to tell scary stories like we do at Malfoy manor Draco?" Goyle said looking at harry. "Of course Goyle I thought you'd say something like that hey potter… care for a story?" harry shook his head. "We start class tomorrow I don't want to be tired the first day." Harry yawned and dug out his pajamas. "Look Draco potter scared of a little scary story." Crabbe erupted with laughter only to silence when he saw Malfoy giving him a cold look. "Potters right Crabbe big day tomorrow you know got to keep ahead of those filthy mudbloods. Father would be absolutely disappointed if that granger got a higher grade then me." Draco then yawned and dug out his pajamas as well. Goyle and Crabbe copied because that's all they knew how to do. They were all asleep in seconds. Chapter 2: Early harry woke up to a strange sound coming from the main room in the Slytherin commons and went down to see what it was. Draco and Crabbe were sitting with Goyle on the leather couch sorting through books and talking about classes. "Hey guys, what are you doing up this early?" Harry said sitting across from them on the other couch and pulling out his books Hagird had helped him get. "Potter me Crabbe and Goyle here have the same first class. What do you have?" harry pulls out his class list and takes a look. "I think it says that I have flying practice, potions, charms, and defense against the dark arts." Harry looks at Malfoy whom had been looking at his list too. "Looks like we have all the same classes hey potter." Draco let out a sort of villainous laugh then glared at Goyle and Crabbe. "You best not let that mudblood granger make us look stupid in class. So be smart!" Goyle looked at Crabbe then back at Draco. "We'll at least look smart in dark arts with all the spells we know." He winked and nudged Crabbe's shoulder. "True." Draco and he's whole family lived in a place protected by many enchantments and spells. They called it Malfoy manor because only Malfoys lived there. Suddenly the three stood up and this made harry do the same. "Let's go get some grub before class starts I recon the post should be here shortly too." Draco walked over to the door Crabbe and Goyle at his heals. "Duh Goyle go grab the books you dunce." Draco gave Goyle an evil glare that sent him running for the stack of books that Malfoy at set on the table. Harry walks out behind them and follows them to the great hall harry remembers hearing the granger girl when they first came in…. that's not real the ceiling is just bewitched to look like the night sky. I read about it in Hogwarts… a history…. The memory of the red headed girl made harry look at the Gryffindor table. Scanning the table he couldn't find the two people with whom he had road on the train with. Draco nudged his arm. "Potter what are you looking at? You aren't looking for that filthy red headed mudblood and her friend are you?" Draco had read Harry's thoughts and he wondered if Draco new that secretly harry wished he could be friends with them after all they seemed nice on the train. Then again (he thought) I don't know much about magic yet maybe they are the wrong sort to be hanging around. Harry followed Draco to the large table they had sat at last night during the sorting's and picked a seat where Goyle and Crabbe sat on either side of him with his back to the wall so he could watch the Gryffindor's. A loud screech sounded from high up and owls started to fly in. "post is here Draco called reaching up and grabbing it as something fell into