Saved. Set after the battle. Ages are not right. Nor can I be sure of any specifics. It was more written for the story than for accuracy. WARNING: Eomer/Faramir slash (Because I love them) Also pure smut! Disclaimer: I own nothing, literally nothing Faramir of Gondor heard words begging him to return to the light. It was but a few short days since he had almost burned on the pyre created by his father and his world was nothing but darkness. In his mind he saw his brother, his father, Gandalf, the young hobbit and flames, so many flames. But over them all he heard a low voice still begging him to return. Faramir resisted, preferring the solitude of night to the harsh reality of day. Faramir felt rough, calloused hands hold onto his own. He felt a heavy thumb trace the lines on his hand and it took all of his remaining power to stay in the blissful ignorance of the dark. Suddenly the bed was a little lighter and the voice was gone. Faramir mourned the loss of it. He stirred slightly and, as he turned and opened his eyes, he saw The Lady of Rohan, dressed in white, and The King of Gondor, his head bent in deep conversation with her. They were both turned towards the door as it slammed shut. Aragorn turned towards Faramir, "You have been called back! Thank the Gods!" Aragorn moved swiftly to Faramir's side, his steps followed by Eowyn as they both settled on his bed. Faramir blinked easily, appreciating the light and wondering why he avoided it for so long. "My King. My Lady. You have saved me. I pledge my allegiance, such as it is" Faramir made to sit up but was ushered back by Eowyn. "Don't move too much, Captain. You have had very difficult days of late." Faramir leaned back and gave a silent thanks to the Gods that this man and this woman had seen fit to save him. For the first time in a long time, he felt hope awaken in his chest. Through the window outside the Houses of Healing, another figure watched. One who gave his own silent thanks to the Gods for sparing the man he had loved so much and so long. Whatever happened now would be fine; Faramir was well. The figure watched as Eowyn laid her hands on the man he had long since admired, and he felt jealousy stir in his chest. He turned away with a sigh. From within The Houses of Healing, Faramir turned towards the window as he saw the last remnants of dark yellow hair disappear from view. xxx It did not take too long for Faramir to get restless and bored of healing. It took all the powers of the healers to keep him in his bed and Faramir was often to be found wondering around Minas Tirith, clad in his old uniform, checking on the health of the remaining members of his men, a hastily made sling the only outward evidence of his recent ordeal. On these occasions it was only Eowyn who could persuade him back within doors. It was a day like any other, Faramir was speaking quietly to a soldier about the defense of Ithilien, Osgiliath and Minas Tirith. Suddenly the soldier fell to his knee and whispered, "King" Without thinking, Faramir did the same and was brought up short to see, not King Aragorn standing before him but his old friend, Eomer. Faramir stood quickly and reached out to his friend with his good arm. Eomer clasped his hand in his, "I am so happy to see you out and about! We had all but given up hope, my friend." "As had I" Faramir countered. Eomer released Faramir's hand and appraised him with his eyes, "You look much better than when I saw you last," Faramir nodded slowly, a dark shadow entering his eyes for a moment, before he shook his head and his eyes returned to their normal bright blue. "I give thanks to King Aragorn and your fair sister every day for that, my friend." Eomer looked up at Faramir, "How so?" "Well as I'm sure you have heard tell, the hands of the King are the hands of healer. I remember days of darkness, then I heard him call to me. My soul answered that voice and, when I finally awoke, my King was there and your sister also. Since then, she has tended me well." Eomer sucked in a sharp breath and looked down at his own hands. "I am only glad you were saved. Come, walk with me, won't you?" Faramir nodded and fell into step with his friend. It had been years since they had really spoken. As children, Faramir and Boromir were taken to Rohan by their father so he could converse with Theoden King. On these occasions Faramir and Boromir would run and play happily with Eomer and Theodred... Theodred... Faramir remembered his manners, "I was terribly saddened by the news of your cousin." "Aye and I to hear of Boromir. They were the very best of men." Eomer clapped Faramir heavily on the back, eliciting a wince of pain from Faramir. Eomer noticed and said nothing. They walked companionably for a long time, Faramir chatting and Eomer listening. Faramir was always far chattier than his friend and Eomer enjoyed listening to his melodious voice. It had always been that way. Boromir used to joke that for as long as Eomer was around, Faramir would never be in want of an audience. Faramir looked over at his friend. Eomer was older certainly, but he could still see the youth in his eyes. He had long admired this man, his courage and strength. Mostly he appreciated the way Eomer accepted him as he was. Aside from Boromir, no other man had accepted him so readily. Eomer was troubled by Faramir's sudden silence and groped around mentally for something to say. "You have seen much of my sister?" he enquired. Faramir started suddenly at the intrusion to his reverie. It took him a moment to adjust his thoughts from Eomer to those regarding his sister. "Aye. She visits me daily. She tells me of her troubles and I help where I can. I confess, I have grown very fond of her." Eomer said nothing but a temporary darkness clouded his previously untroubled features, "She is still young" he almost snarled. Faramir looked at Eomer and mentally checked himself. "Of course, I meant nothing by it. Forgive me, my friend?" Eomer smiled at Faramir and inwardly cursed himself. Why should Faramir not admire his sister? She was a great woman. Any man would be lucky to have her. Any man but this one. Any man but mine. He added to himself. "No. Forgive me. She has shown you considerable kindness. I am sorry I have not been around more. I did visit you whilst you were in darkness. I sat with you for a time." Something stirred within Faramir, a memory of a childhood illness when Eomer had refused to be parted from him, had helped him drink water, had fed him broth until he regained his strength. Although Faramir was a couple of years older, Eomer had long looked out for him. "Your presence there would have comforted me marvellous much" Faramir reassured him. Eomer inwardly snarled. Faramir admired and worshipped his King and his sister, though Eomer had been the one who never left his side, Eomer had been the one who cradled his hand night after lonely night, Eomer had been the one who tried, in vain, to call him back. He cursed his hands which did not, it seem, have the healing powers of the Great Elessar, King of Gondor. He felt that familiar surge of jealousy twist in his stomach and he looked up to see Faramir regarding him closely. "I feel we should return to the city. Night is falling on us and I'm sure my dear healers will be lamenting my absence. They do so seem to need my presence!" Faramir smiled wickedly and Eomer returned his grin. Faramir tucked his arm through Eomer's companionably and Eomer began to guide him back towards the city, just as they did as lads. Eomer tried, in vain, to ignore the spinning in his stomach. xxx "Eomer!" Eowyn called for her brother, "Eomer, a word if you please?" Eomer stopped by his sister. He was somewhat impatient. His mood had grown darker of late and his sister was the last person he wanted to see, as she was the cause of it. "Yes Wyn. What would you want of me?" Eomer sighed. Talk of anything sweet sister, but not of him. No not of him, he added mentally. Eowyn cleared her throat, pleased that Eomer had not snapped at her, "Faramir tells me you will not speak with him, though he has tried many times..." Eowyn tailed off as she regarded the dark look in her brother's eyes, "What troubles you, brother mine? Has Faramir displeased you in some way?" "Only in his dalliance with you," Eomer muttered quietly. Eowyn sighed, relieved, "Oh! Is that all? Silly Mer! You need not be so protective of me. I know my own mind. Though Faramir and I are not in love, I love him well enough. He makes me happy. I could be happy with him." Eomer looked at his sister with cold eyes, "Please Mer! He just wants to talk to you of the future. As my only living relative, you know he must." Eowyn's light voice pleaded with her brother. She looked up to him and admired him. She would have her intended and her brother be friends as they once were. Eomer was always so protective. "You admit you are not in love with this...man..." Eomer positively snarled, "...and he is not with you, yet you would both trap each other into a loveless future?" Eomer seethed silently. Both his sister and his love deserved happiness far greater than this. They both deserved great love. Eomer would offer Faramir this, if Faramir would take it. He would be bonded with him as was the custom of Rohan when two loved each other. The thought of his sister lying each night with his Faramir caused him to squirm unpleasantly. These past few months he had watched his paragon woo his sister, had seen his sister give into his advances and it had displeased him mightily. "Mer..." Eowyn tried softly, "Mer...neither of us are as young as we were. We have both lived without love for so long. Faramir from his father, me...well...when Uncle was consumed by darkness and you were gone...you know there was no love left for me. Grima haunted my steps and I heard dark whispers in the night. I longed for your return. I longed for brotherly love. Faramir offers me this, as you do. I always wanted another brother. Theodred left a hole in my life and Faramir fills it" Eomer looked at his sister, feeling guilt for the state he left her in but he could not give her his dearest Faramir. "Faramir could still be as a brother to you, without committing yourself to this..." Eomer stopped, aware he had said too much. Eowyn looked up, startled. "How? Mer? Are you...have you...do you?..." Eomer whirled away from his sister, shame colouring his face. In his haste he did not see Faramir before him and they both tumbled to the floor, a mess of limbs. "Steady, Mer!" Faramir laughed, pulling Eomer to his feet. Eomer felt his body tingle at Faramir's touch, "Where were you off to in such a hurry? I would accompany you, dearest friend?" Faramir held his hand out to his friend, "I would not take your friendship and you will not have my sister" Eomer snarled as he stalked away from Faramir. Faramir called after him but to no avail.