Hello readers! This story starts in canon 1981. It starts to go AU in the third chapter (if you're really curious about when that happens I guess...). The Marauders and Lily are featured equally (with the exception of Peter, but he is still visited from time to time), but it does lean towards Remus-centric. I appreciate any constructive feedback and reviews you have to offer. Enjoy! -Cat Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. General Warnings: Violence, angst, and some swear-words. (I'll give more specific warnings if I feel a chapter should merit them) Chapter 1 To Lie, To Fight, To Choose (Sirius) It was nearly midnight and a fog was settling over the streets of London. Cars cut through the lanes, beams glaring drunkenly into the gloom. The drivers squinted in annoyance as the light only succeeded in making the clouds whiter. It was unnatural. Unsettling. Definitely not normal. With uneasy minds and oddly heavy hearts, they hurried home. The bars would only host the lost and despairing tonight. In one particularly dismal joint, a young man was finishing his fourth drink and considering a fifth. Compared to the other customers, this man stood out. Firstly, he was not stone drunk, having carefully been monitoring his functionality. He was wearing a long black coat that could almost be mistaken for a cloak. He was handsome in a haughty, aloof kind of way. Black hair fell carelessly into his eyes, which were a perfect ocean blue. If it were not for the nearly permanent crease of worry between his eyebrows and the thin anger in his mouth, he would have been approachable. But there were no pretty girls in the bar to flirt with him tonight. Besides, the man had somewhere to be. With a growl and a glance at his watch (which had thirteen hands), he slammed the empty glass on the counter and motioned for his tab. He had barely consumed his usual amount of alcohol, but still visibly struggled to count money onto the counter. Finally, after sorting through a strange array of foreign looking coins and a few unfamiliar sweets, he managed to pay for his drinks and sweep out of the bar. Once on the street, the man glanced cautiously up and down before disappearing into a dark passage between the bar and another building. It was nearing the middle of September, but a chill had crept into the night, killing the summer's warmth prematurely. He shivered and muttered, "Fucking dementors" as he stomped along the frosty pavement, skirting dumpsters and trash. Finally, he reached his destination: a blank wall. From the depths of his coat/cloak, he removed a thin stick and tapped out a complicated pattern. The bricks began to melt into one another until he stood before a peeling black door with a simple bronze knocker. The man knocked. The door creaked on its hinges and a crack appeared about three centimeters wide. "Firs' time we met, what did you say?" a gruff voice demanded. "What a dodgy-looking old codger," said the man with a faint smirk. "And don't you forget, Black." "Of course Moody." The door sung open, revealing a grizzled man with straw-like hair. His face was pitted and scarred, but his eyes were the most lurid part of his appearance. One was black and piercing, and the other was larger, electric-blue, and rolling maddeningly in the socket. Black slipped inside quickly and the door slammed behind them. They walked down a dingy corridor to a low-ceilinged sitting room. The room was filled with shifting bodies and low conversations. "Padfoot," a voice whispered. "Glad to see you haven't drunk yourself to death." "Ah, Prongs, and leave you to fend for yourself and your lovely family?" Black grinned as he ruffled the already messy black hair of a young man wearing spectacles. "I'd still have Moony and Wormy." The man smoothed his hair, but then almost immediately messed it up again. "Right." Black's grin faded and his face grew tense. "Sirius," said his friend, his grin also slipping away. "James," said Sirius with stubborn insistence. "I don't like it either, but you have to admit-" "Stop," James interrupted. "I don't want to have this discussion again." He frowned and looked across the room. Sirius followed his gaze and saw Peter sitting alone at the table, staring at the wood grain. He was thinner, his cheekbones disturbingly visible in the normally round face. Sirius felt a twinge of guilt. He should be checking in on their friend more often, but with the war, friendship was becoming...difficult. Sirius was constantly on the move, either during his day job as an auror or in the secret hours of the night working for the Order of the Phoenix. There were still moments of that joyful camaraderie, achingly brief and lacking the innocence of their days in Hogwarts. Sirius felt the loss of those days like a physical wound sometimes, thinking of when it was just the four of them against the world. Speaking of four… He scanned the room full of strained faces again, searching, searching...but Remus' scarred countenance was not among them. The wound soured and Sirius scowled. He leaned over to whisper in James' ear, but at that moment, the fireplace roared green and a tall, elderly wizard entered the meeting-place. Albus Dumbledore had a grave expression on his silver and auburn-bearded face, one that would have been highly unusual in any other circumstance. But the war was wearing on everyone. Conversations sputtered and died while people took their seats. Sirius and James sat next to Peter, who shifted his seat to give them more room. Other than that, he barely acknowledged them, choosing to resume his study of the weathered table. Now that everyone was gathered in a circle, Sirius could get a better idea of who had made it to the meeting. Next to Moody, Caradoc Dearborn, a senior Auror, sat erect, eyes flicking back and forth. Marlene McKinnon leaned against a wall in the corner, her arms crossed tightly. She was leaning slightly away from the hunched form of Mundungus Fletcher, who looked like he had not bathed in several days. Fabian and Gideon Prewett, their hair like twin flames, were strangely quiet in their seats. Ever mild-faced and stoic, Frank Longbottom was tense at the end of the table, no doubt anxious to return to his wife and son, like James. Emmeline Vance, Edgar Bones, and Dedalus Diggle formed a cluster in the back of the room. Elphias Doge was pale-faced without his usual companion. Sirius grimaced, realizing this was the first order meeting without Benjy Fenwick's comforting smile. Besides the dead, the only missing members were some employees of Hogwarts (Hagrid and Minerva McGonagall) and Sturgis Podmore and Dorcas Meadows, who were on a mission. And Remus. Who was Merlin knows where. If it were not the first time this happened, Sirius would be worried. But this was now the fourth order meeting in a row that Remus had either shown up late or missed altogether. Hating himself slightly for his train of thought, Sirius tried to banish the word "traitor" from his mind. "Welcome everyone," Dumbledore greeted them, interrupting Sirius's inner tumult. "I would like to thank Caradoc for graciously welcoming us into his home." Caradoc nodded stiffly. "We have several things to accomplish today, so let's start with any reports from recent missions or surveillance, ending with those stationed at the ministry." Since no one seemed willing to speak first, Sirius started, clearly his throat loudly and glancing at Marlene. "Five days ago, Marlene and I went west to Reading to investigate reports of Death Eater activity in the area. Initially, it was assumed that the Death Eaters were planning another attack on the muggles. After speaking with some witnesses, we stayed in a muggle inn for two nights without seeing anything unusual. The third night, however, the block we were staying on was attacked by several dementors. After a couple of tries, we managed to repel them… It was close." He may have imagined Marlene's shudder in the corner. Too close . "Later, we saw two Death Eaters, one identified as Goyle. They disapparated as soon as they noticed us." "The attack was on the same block, you say?" Moody questioned. "Yes. We believe that...that they may have known we were there. Either saw us doing surveillance, or something...else." "We must not jump to conclusions," Dumbledore said sternly. But everyone had the same echo of the announcement made several weeks ago in their ears. There was a traitor in the order. "Edgar and I are on the fourth week of our surveillance of Knockturn Alley." Dedalus Diggle's squeaky voice broke the uncomfortable pause. "Besides a few appearances from Lucius Malfoy, no other Death Eaters were sighted. Malfoy went into the apothecary shop twice and made one visit to Borgin and Burkes. We did not question the store owners so as not to arouse suspicion." "Did you happen to see what Malfoy bought at the apothecary?" asked Dearborn. "No," Diggle replied apologetically. A ripple of frustration coursed through the room's occupants. The Prewetts spoke next about a raid in Bracknell, then Frank reported on the progress of Podmore and Meadows in their absence. Sirius felt himself growing more and more exasperated with each report. They were getting nowhere while Voldemort was constantly gaining ground. James began bouncing his knee up and down in a furious rhythm, and Sirius knew he felt the same. Probably even worse, as worry for Lily and Harry consumed him. Damn that prophecy… "...as well as tightening restrictions for giants, vampires, and werewolves." Sirius looked up. On either side of him, James and Peter copied the motion. It was Dearborn talking now, about affairs of the ministry. "Werewolves are now required to submit to random summons to the ministry up to twelve times a year to be questioned about their movements during the preceding weeks. There is heavy debate on whether to reclassify from being to beast being thrown around in the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures." "That is completely ridiculous," James sputtered, unable to keep quiet. "Yes, James, it is," Dumbledore agreed. He fixed the three friends with a penetrating stare. "Please allow Mr. Dearborn to finish his report." Dearborn cleared his throat and continued. "While these new laws are supported by a majority of the ministry, there are some, myself included, that believe that this will isolate this particular community even further. Perhaps even making them more...dangerous." There was some furtive murmuring among the order members, during which a soft tapping pattern could be heard down the hallway. Edgar Bones disappeared to let the new arrival in. "It is most unfortunate," Dumbledore began carefully. The accusing susurrations stopped abruptly. "That werewolves are being oppressed to this level because of something they cannot control. It would be unfair of us to join the ministry in this kind of judgment." There was a pause while Dumbledore allowed his words to sink in. A few of the order members looked apologetic, while others gazed at the Headmaster defiantly. Sirius realized that just a few months ago, this would have made him incensed. He felt nauseous. Maybe he'd had more alcohol than he thought. At that moment, Bones reappeared with (ironically) a very weary-looking, pale, and graying Remus Lupin. No, the nausea was definitely some unholy combination of guilt, betrayal, anger, and overwhelming sadness. The atmosphere in the dimly lit room turned distinctly awkward. Ever intuitive, a faint blush tinted Remus's cheekbones and he quietly slipped along the wall to an unoccupied space. After conjuring a chair and sitting, he closed his eyes and rested his head against the stone. Sirius tried not to think about how the werewolf looked more dead than threatening. "Please, Caradoc, continue with your report," Dumbledore instructed lightly. "Yes, thank you Albus. Lucius Malfoy seems to be trying to get the Wizengamot in his back pocket. He