A/N: Thanks to my beta GaeilgeRua for their time and work on this story. This was written for the Lemonade fest for Quills and Parchment. My prompt was Hermione/Dudley. Warnings: Explicit Sexual Content, Explicit Language Disclaimer: All canon characters, plots, and situations from the Harry Potter series belong to JK Rowling. I am not profiting from this work. A Different Type of Magic Hermione gripped her wine glass tightly as she stood on the edge of the dancefloor in a large ballroom. Her eyes scanned the dancing couples until she saw Harry and Ginny. She smiled as the two newlyweds dance closely in each other's arms. The anger she felt moments ago dissipated as she watched them. The two were going to make great parents, as Hermione was one of the few who knew that Ginny was just under three month's pregnant. She couldn't wait to meet her future godchild. From the corner of her eye, the object of Hermione's displeasure came into sight. Ronald had his arm around his latest girlfriend, Millicent. Hermione had nothing against Millicent in particular, it was just that she was Ron's current girlfriend. Besides that small detail, Hermione knew that Millicent was a kind witch, unlike the other Slytherin witches that had been in their year. But truth be told, Hermione couldn't even be bothered by Millicent. No, her issue was completely with Ron. The two of them had broken up months ago, and it had been a mutual decision. Both of them had agreed there was no more passion in their lives. Ron had then gone on to date girl after girl, while Hermione had only gone on an occasional date or two. No, what annoyed Hermione was that Ron had approached her at the beginning of the reception, asking if she had brought a date to the wedding. When she had told him no, Ron had retorted that he 'hoped she wouldn't be jealous of him and Millie.' Hermione hadn't been jealous at all. She found no reason to be jealous as she didn't hold any more romantic feelings towards Ron. But for him to have the audacity to suggest that she be jealous? Ridiculous. She tightened her grip on her wine glass before quickly drinking the rest of its contents. "Need another?" Startled, Hermione looked up. She flushed at the handsome man before her... blond hair, blue eyes... just how she liked her men. As she stared at him, she realised that she didn't quite recognise him. "I do need another," she replied after a moment, handing him her empty glass, "After you tell me your name, of course." He smirked, looking devilishly handsome. "Dudley Dursley." With a short nod of his head, he left to buy her another drink. Hermione's thoughts were swimming. This was Harry's cousin? She had no idea he had grown up to be so fit. And she didn't even know that Harry had invited Dudley to the wedding. Dudley returned moments later, handing Hermione a full wine glass. "I'm going to guess that you're the Miss Hermione Granger." "You would be correct," Hermione replied. "I hope you've only heard good things." Dudley smirked. "Oh, I have." Heat pooled in her belly. She sipped at her wine, silently taking him in once more. "So, who's the bloke you keep glaring daggers at?" Dudley asked, chuckling. Hermione was slightly embarrassed to have been caught. "Oh, that's Harry other best friend, Ron. He's also my ex." "Ah," Dudley said with a nod. "I can see that being awkward. Was it recent?" He sipped at his own drink. "No, it's been a few months, but he's been irking me all day," Hermione admitted. "I can only take so much." "Care to make him jealous?" Hermione glanced at Dudley, and saw that he was smirking at her once again. Something about him made her feel weak in the knees... she couldn't quite place it. Her tongue darted out, wetting her lips. "What did you have in mind?" She asked, hoping that her tone wasn't too lustful. "Can I have this dance?" He held his hand out to her, placing his drink on the nearby table. Hermione did the same, taking his hand and allowing him to lead her to the dancefloor. Almost immediately he swept her away with the music, his feet moving perfectly with the rhythm. Harry caught her eye, a look of pure shock on his face. Hermione giggled before winking at Harry, causing her best friend to cringe. Ginny, however, beamed when she saw Hermione in Dudley's arms. She gave Hermione a thumbs up before returning her attention to her new husband. "So, are your parents here?" Hermione questioned, looking around the ballroom. "Nope," Dudley said with a shake of his head. "They just can't let go of the past. In fact, they're probably furious I'm here. They don't understand, but I do. I know that Harry risked a lot by hiding us. I know he protected me from those things years ago." "Dementors," Hermione offered before smiling. "Well, I can tell you Harry is probably happy you're here. You are the only family he has left." "And that's why I came," Dudley said. "At the end of the day, family is what's important." "I couldn't agree more," Hermione said. A startled gasp escaped her lips when Dudley suddenly dipped her low. When he pulled her back up, their faces were inches away. The air was thick with tension. Hermione felt her mouth go dry as she wanted nothing more than to press herself against Dudley fully, kissing him as she ran her fingers through his hair. "Shall we take this to my room upstairs?" Dudley asked, his voice low and husky. A thrill ran up Hermione's spine. "Yes," she breathed, excitement flowing through her veins. Dudley took her hand, and began leading her through the dancefloor. Her heart raced with excitement with each and every step they took. They waited patiently for the elevator to arrive, each second causing the air to become filled with more and more tension. As soon as the elevator doors opened, Dudley pulled her inside as he pressed the button to his floor before swiftly backing her against the wall and pressing his lips against hers. Almost immediately, Hermione melted into the kiss. Her arms wrapped around his neck as she kissed him back fervently. Dudley's lips moved to her neck, kissing lower and lower. Hermione glanced up and out towards the party. The last thing she saw before the elevator doors closed was Ron's shocked expression. A thrill of victory spread throughout her. Once they reached their designated floor, Dudley grasped her hand once more and pulled her throughout the long hall. He stopped in front of his room and waved his key, the door opening. When they got inside, Dudley paused, turning to look at Hermione. "I don't usually do this sort of thing," he said softly. Hermione nodded. "Neither do I," Hermione replied. "But it sort of just feels right, you know?" "But I'm a Muggle," Dudley pointed out. Hermione rolled her eyes. "My parents are Muggles, so that doesn't make any difference to me. Now come here so I can kiss you." Dudley wasted no time in wrapping his arms around Hermione, pressing her body tightly against his as he kissed her passionately once more. He tangled his fingers into her hair before breaking the kiss. "God, I love your wild curls." She flushed. "Not many people enjoy my wild hair." "Well, I fucking love it." The dirty language he just used sent another thrill of excitement through her. "Dudley, please," she whimpered, loosening his tie. She removed it and began to unbutton his shirt. When she reached the end, she pushed the dress shirt from his body, taking in the sight of his bare chest. He was fit, but not too muscular. There were a few patches of chest hair here and there, and a happy trail of hair that led from his navel lower. He had strong arms that Hermione imagined would hold her all night. He was handsome. "Time to get you out of this dress," Dudley said. "Turn around." The slight command of his voice warmed her insides. It seemed that she was right in her assumption that Dudley had a more dominant personality. She knew that her knickers were already soaked in anticipation. She felt his hand grasp her zipper and pull it down. He unzipped her dress slowly, teasing her with each passing second. Her tongue darted out, wetting her lips in anticipation. When he fully unzipped her dress, Dudley carefully removed it from her body, causing it to fall onto the floor in a puddle of purple fabric. "Beautiful," Dudley murmured in appreciation, taking in the sight of her from behind. Hermione stood still, unsure of whether or not she should turn around when she felt his lips graze her lower back. He slowly and sensually pressed kisses all the way from her lower back to where her bra strap was. He unhooked her bra, removing the lacey material from her body. Dudley then continued to kiss his way up her back, his hands now coming around to cup her breasts. He squeezed them gently before his fingers found her nipples, rubbing and pinching them lightly. "Gods," Hermione whimpered, already feeling as if she was going to come undone from his touch. Dudley pulled away before turning her around. He kissed her once more, backing her against the edge of the bed. He lay her down on the bed before kissing his way to her breasts. He took one of her nipples into his mouth, sucking and teasing her as his fingers squeezed her other breast. Hermione arched her body upwards against him, both wanting and needing more. "Dudley," she moaned. He chuckled lightly. "So responsive," he said in appreciation. "God, you're perfect." Hermione flushed. "Nobody's perfect." "Then you come pretty damn close," Dudley countered. Hermione was smitten. As he kissed his way down her body once more, she couldn't shake the feeling of completeness washing over her. Each kiss and every touch felt more and more right. He pressed a kiss to her mons before carefully pulling her knickers down and off. Spreading her legs, he settled himself on the bed with his face at her centre. His tongue darted out, licking her slit in its entirety. Hermione gasped. Dudley repeated the action, lapping at her centre. Hermione closed her eyes, her hands grasping the bed sheets tightly. Goodness, she was already going to come. His hands slid up her body, stopping at her breasts. His fingers lightly teased her nipples as he continued to lick and suck at her centre. His tongue swirled around her nub, causing her body to tighten in anticipation. "Dudley!" she cried out, unable to take anymore. Pleasure washed over her as she came. She ground her centre against his face, loving the way he lapped at her juices. She wanted more of him. She couldn't wait to feel his cock buried deeply within her. Once she came down from her high, she looked at Dudley. "Please," she whispered. "I need to feel you inside of me." "Good, because I need to be inside of you." Dudley stood up, unbuckling his belt and sliding his trousers and pants down. Once naked, he stroked his hardened cock as he gazed upon her naked body. "You look beautiful when you come undone." Hermione blushed. "And that blush? Perfection," Dudley added. He rejoined her on the bed. "Are you positive?" "Yes," Hermione responded. "Gods, I want you so badly." "Protection?" "I'm on the potion," Hermione told him. "The wizarding equivalent to the Muggle pill." "Good," Dudley answered, wasting no time in positioning himself at her entrance. He pushed into her slowly at first, until he was fully inside of her. "God, you're so wet and tight." Hermione gasped. Dudley was a larger than the last wizard she had