A/N: Written for the Secret Snarry Swap 2016. Many thanks to gloryandfame and jensieblack for being my lovely cheerleaders and lending me a second set of eyes when I needed it. Many thanks to k_lynne317 for the speedy beta! This is my first time participating in the Secret Snarry Swap, so I hope everyone enjoys! xx Written for Prompt #30 from Prayer-at-Night: Post-epilogue matchmaking. After the kids all leave for Hogwarts, Harry and Ginny break up amicably. The children know of Harry's never-ending crush on his Half-Blood Prince, so they make it their mission to find Snape and get the two together. Disclaimer: Harry Potter characters are the property of J.K. Rowling and Bloomsbury/Scholastic. No profit is being made, and no copyright infringement is intended. The Christmas Mission "Uncle Draco, we need your help." Draco folded his newspaper, staring down at the trio of children that he and Charlie had agreed to watch that weekend. He let out a sigh, knowing that if it involved all three of the Potter children, it couldn't be good. "Do you know who the Half-Blood Prince is?" James asked, arching a brow at his uncle. "Of course," Draco replied, unsure of why James was asking. "We know that it's Severus Snape," Lily informed him, matter-of-factly. The youngest of the Potter children, Lily sometimes seemed to Draco as if the girl's mother was actually Hermione Granger-Weasley as Lily was so much like Hermione, it was frightening. "And?" Draco prompted. "We need you to help us find him," Albus stated, looking a little nervous. "You do know where he is, don't you? He's your godfather?" "Well, yes, but that doesn't mean that I know where he is," Draco replied. He leant forward in his chair slightly. "Why in Merlin's name do you three need to find Snape?" Charlie burst out laughing from across the room. "Come on, Draco, you can't be that blind." "What is that supposed to mean?" Draco asked his husband, narrowing his eyes at the redhead. "Even after all these years, Harry still gushes about Snape," Charlie pointed out as if it were the most obvious fact in the world. "And we want to set them up," Lily added, smiling warmly at both of her uncles. She smoothed the front of her skirt absentmindedly. "The two of you will help us, won't you?" It was always obvious that Lily knew how to work her father and uncles. She was well-versed in making 'sad, moon eyes' as Charlie liked to call them. Draco frowned. "Snape is a very private man. I doubt he will be pleased to hear three children are sticking their noses in his business." "I am not a child," James quickly countered. "I'm nineteen, Uncle Draco. Albus is eighteen, and Lily is the only one still at Hogwarts, so I suppose that she's still a child. But the two of us are adults," James pointed out, gesturing between him and Albus. "So will you help us or not?" "Fine," Draco grumbled, knowing that Snape was not going to be happy. The idea of Harry liking Snape was laughable… wasn't it? Lily peered out of the window of her bedroom at Number Twelve Grimmauld Place. It was rainy and dreary out, very much matching her mood. She frowned, hoping that her uncle would write back to them soon. The quicker they were able to set up a meeting between Snape and her father, the quicker her father could be happy. "Any news?" Lily asked as James entered the room. James shook his head, plopping on his sister's bed. "It's weird being here without Mum." Lily shrugged. "Mum knew when she signed that contract for the Harpies that she wouldn't be home for Christmas this year. She chose to be gone." James arched a brow at the bitterness in his sister's voice. "They weren't happy together, Lils, you know that. And besides, it was a mutual decision." "I know," Lily replied testily. She sighed, shaking her head. "I suppose I'm just a little upset with her that she'll be gone. It won't be the same." "I know," James said, patting his sister's leg in what he hoped was a comforting manner. "Have you got everyone their gifts yet?" Lily shook her head. "I still need to get something for Grandmum, Rose, and Hugo." She paused, tilting her head in consideration. "I think I'll actually head to Diagon Alley." "Want me to come with you?" James offered. "No thanks, I'll be fine on my own." She stood, getting off her bed and stretching. "Tell Dad I'll be back for dinner." "No problem," James said with a nod. "Be careful." "I always am!" Lily called over her shoulder as she exited her bedroom. Lily held her bags close to her body as she shuffled along the cobbled streets of Diagon Alley. It seemed that with three days left before Christmas Eve, many other people had decided that Diagon Alley would be a good place to finish shopping. "Have you seen Lorcan lately?" Victoire asked, standing close to her cousin. The two had met up outside of their uncles' shoppe. Lily laughed lightly. "Of course I've seen Lorcan lately." "Does he still write to you?" Victoire innocently asked, sneaking a smile at Lily when the younger girl wasn't looking. "Every day," Lily answered with a chuckle. "He's one of my closest friends." Victoire whistled innocently. "You know, he isn't bad looking for a fifth year." "Victoire!" Lily laughed, her cheeks turning red. "He's only fifteen! A little too young for me." "You're only a seventh year, Lily." Victoire smiled. "Two years isn't a big difference. I mean, Uncle Charlie and Uncle Draco have a large gap, don't they?" Lily opened her mouth to respond, but abruptly froze, someone catching her gaze across the street. She knew immediately who it was, closing her mouth so that she wasn't gaping. When he turned and ducked down a side alley, Lily knew she had to go after him. "Victoire, I actually need to go!" Lily said quickly, moving around her cousin. "I'll owl you later!" She took off in a sprint towards the direction that she saw Snape go. Thanking Merlin that she was quick on her feet, she grinned when she saw him at the end of the alley. "Wait!" she shouted before he could Disapparate. "Snape!" She beamed when he stopped, turning to face her. "Can I help you, Miss Potter? I happen to be quite a busy man." Snape pinned her with a glare that she recalled her father saying he had been on the receiving end of many times. "Have you heard from my Uncle Draco?" Lily questioned, looking at him carefully. "I have, and the idea is laughable." Lily frowned at his tone. "Laughable? What the fuck is that supposed to mean?" She narrowed her eyes at the older wizard, placing her hands on her hips. "You think my father is laughable? After all that he's done for the wizarding world? After all that he's done for you?" Lily was one of the few who knew that her father was directly responsible for saving Snape's life. "The least you could do for him is show a little gratitude and meet him for lunch." Snape looked furious at her rant. "What I mean, Miss Potter, is that the idea of your father having feelings for me is laughable." He paused, obviously trying to collect himself. "Why your father would ever want an old wizard like me is ridiculous. You're mistaken in your suspicions." "No, I'm not," Lily insisted. "Please, Mister Snape, just meet my father for lunch? Uncle Draco can set it up. I just… I know he would like it." Snape looked at her long and hard before he laughed slightly. "Miss Potter, you're obviously determined—" At his words, she smiled. "— but I think you're mistaken. You must have misunderstood your father's respect for infatuation." Lily felt her temper flare once more, but managed to keep her lips firmly pressed together. Why did everyone insist on treating her like a child? "I don't think I'm mistaken, sir." Snape let out a long sigh, finally seeming to have realised that Lily wasn't going to let him go anywhere before he agreed to meet her father. "If you insist on me seeing Mister Potter, then tomorrow evening at four o'clock, I will be at Malfoy Manor for afternoon tea." Lily beamed, unable to keep the smile on her face. "Thank you, sir! I'll be sure that my father is there. You'll see that I'm right." She turned and exited the alleyway, unaware of the hopeful expression on Snape's face. Draco could not believe what he was hearing. He looked at his godfather, whose face was currently in his fireplace since he had Floo-called. "You want me to invite Harry over for tea?" he asked, repeating what Snape had just told him as he couldn't quite wrap his mind around it. "That's what I said," Snape replied dryly. "Just trying to clarify things," Draco said, holding his hands up in mock defence. "What made you change your mind? When I suggested it earlier, you shut the idea down rather quickly." He arched a brow, waiting for Snape's response. "Miss Potter can be quite persuasive when she wants to be." Draco let out a loud laugh. "Lily? She's quite the little spitfire." He paused for a moment. "She really made you change your mind?" "Yes," Snape answered. "Perhaps she was right," he said so softly, Draco almost didn't hear. "I am willing to see how the cards fall." Draco frowned. "Charlie insists that they're right. Apparently I'm the only oblivious one around here." Snape rolled his eyes. "That does not surprise me, Draco. You were always one to miss the most obvious things." "Anyway." Draco cleared his throat. "Alright, I'll send Harry an owl." He paused, unsure of what else to say. "I'll see you tomorrow, Severus." "Good evening, Draco," Snape replied, closing off the connection. "It'll work out," Charlie whispered in Draco's ear as he hugged him from behind. "You'll see." "Were you eavesdropping?" Draco asked, laughing slightly. "Of course not," Charlie replied with a grin, but they both knew he was lying. "Come on, let's write that letter to Harry, then go upstairs. I've got the fire going and some mugs of hot cider waiting for us." Draco grinned, unable to resist such an offer. Lily watched eagerly as her father unfolded a letter the next morning. His green eyes scanned its contents before he frowned in confusion. "What does it say?" Lily pressed, knowing that her father wouldn't be suspicious of her nosy attitude. She quickly winked at Albus, who glanced down at his breakfast. "Draco's invited me over for tea," Harry said, surprise etched over his features. "That's strange." "Why?" Albus asked. "The two of you meet up all the time." "Yeah, but never for tea," Harry responded, reading through the letter once more. "I wonder why." "Go and find out," Lily suggested. "Besides, you're not doing anything today, and it could be important. Maybe he has something important to discuss with you?" "Maybe," Harry said, mumbling something under his breath. "You think I should go." He looked at his three children, who all nodded. "Like Lily said, it could be important," James replied. He poked at his breakfast with a fork. "You don't want to risk missing out if it is." "Fine, fine," Harry said with a wave of his hand. "You lot sure are pushy today." He smiled at Lily, ruffling her hair. "Have any of you heard from your mum?" "She wrote two days ago," Albus responded, shrugging. "Sent some pictures of Egypt, said she missed us, asked how everyone was, etcetera etcetera. I responded in the same, sent pictures, said we missed her, and that we hoped she was doing well." Harry frowned. "I know this is hard on you all, but you shouldn't be so tough on your