A/N: My remix pairing was David/Bathsheba. Fair warning, Hermione is married to another man at the beginning of this fic. That being said, I do hope that everyone enjoys this. xx Beta: Many thanks to gaeilgerua for her help. She was my soundboard, beta, and cheerleader all in one. Any mistakes that remain are my own. Warnings: Character Death, Jealously, Unrequited Love, Romantic Angst, Explicit Language, Implied/Referenced Child Abuse, Hurt/Comfort, Jealously. Disclaimer: JKR owns the world and characters of Harry Potter, not me. I am not making any money from the posting of this story. Lightning Strikes Twice Hermione gripped the stack of papers in her hand tightly. She needed to find Harry or Draco! Either one would do. She needed a Head Auror's signature if she wanted to present the material in court… Honestly, the boys know better than that . As she made her way towards the Auror's office, she reflected on how busy her life had become after she became a prosecutor for the Wizengamot. She barely had time for her husband, Anthony Goldstein, whom she had married shortly after finishing at Hogwarts. Anthony, Ron, and Harry had joined the Aurors almost immediately. To everyone's surprise, Draco had joined as well, turning his back on Voldemort and the rest of the Malfoy family. He had proven to be invaluable to the Order of the Phoenix. "Hermione?" a voice called out. Startled from her thoughts, Hermione turned and saw Draco poking his head of a doorway. "What's going on? I thought you had court for Rydstrom?" Hermione rushed towards him. "I need you to sign these papers, quick! I can't use this evidence without a signature." She handed him the stack. "Come in," Draco said, taking the papers and offering her a warm smile. "Care for some tea?" "No, thank you," Hermione said politely, lingering in the doorway. She blushed under Draco's intense gaze. The man always had a way of making her feel… Well, Hermione couldn't describe it. Her tongue darted out, wetting her lips. As Draco was the Head of the Hit Wizards, he had his own office. Hermione knew that Anthony worked closely with Draco. Harry had become the Head of Aurors, so he had his own office. His partner was Ron. "Do you think you'll be able to put Rydstrom away?" Draco asked, returning the papers to her. Their fingers brushed momentarily, causing Hermione to gasp slightly. "Yes," she replied, blushing. "The case shouldn't take very long. He has the Dark Mark, and these papers are evidence enough for him to be involved with the disaster in Muggle London last week." "Good, that'll be one less of them off the streets," Draco spat angrily. He clenched his fists. "Any luck with your father?" Hermione asked gently. "No," Draco said, his shoulders slumping in defeat. "He's hiding somewhere… But I'll find him eventually." "I'm sorry," Hermione said genuinely. She knew that Draco was still upset and hurt by the fact that his father had chosen Voldemort over his own son. Narcissa had taken Lucius's side as well. Draco smiled at her. "No worries. So, how have things been at home?" Hermione shrugged. "As well as they can be." Anthony was rarely home, as he was always on missions with Draco and Ron. She missed her husband dearly, but luckily, he was home for now. She felt Draco's gaze on her once more and blushed. "Well, I better go. I'll see you at Grimmauld tonight for the meeting." Turning, she quickly headed out of his office. Draco watched her go with a sigh. Despite his flirting, Hermione still wasn't interested in him. He knew that she was married to Anthony, but that didn't stop him from loving her. Hermione had been the first one to accept him when he approached the Order about joining. She had vouched for him, arguing his case against her friends and family. She was smart, beautiful… Anthony didn't deserve her. Draco had never expected that Hermione would end up marrying a Ravenclaw. If anything, he would have thought it'd be Weasley. "Anthony's in the way," he said out loud to himself, thankful once more for having his own office. He turned and glanced at the plans he had been working on. A small smirk appeared on his face. If he got rid of Anthony… he might have a chance with her. "Theo!" he shouted. Moments later, his lieutenant came in. Theo had joined the Order shortly after Death Eaters had killed his family for 'betraying' the Dark Lord. "I'm sending a small group to the Swiss Alps," Draco said firmly. Theo arched a brow. "That's a suicide mission. There's at least a dozen Death Eaters there." "But we're the only ones who know that," Draco said softly. "I want Anthony to take two other Aurors." "I see," Theo said after a pause. "Are you sure?" "Yes," Draco said firmly. "And what if Hermione still won't have you?" Theo asked. "You realise this may not work." "Then I'll think of something else," Draco replied offhandedly. "I'll tell Anthony tonight at the meeting." "Whatever you say, boss," Theo said, giving a shrug. "Anything else?" "That'll be all," Draco said, dismissing Theo. Theo left and Draco moved towards his map, quickly closing and shrinking it. Placing it in his pocket, he locked up his office. He had some errands to run before tonight. Hermione sat on the edge of her bed, her heart heavy. Tears pricked at the corners of her eyes as she sniffled. The door opened and closed. "Hermione?" Anthony said, his voice soft. He approached their bed, sitting down next to her and taking her hand. "It'll be all right, love." She turned, wrapping her arms around his neck. "You've only just got back from the last mission," she said, her voice trembling. "We've barely spent any time together and you have to leave already." "Shhh," Anthony said, pressing a kiss to the top of her head. "It'll be all right, love. I'll be back before you know it." "I don't want you to go," she whimpered, knowing that she sounded like a child. She just couldn't bear the thought of losing him. "I know," Anthony said. "I don't like it either, Hermione, but we're fighting a war. Until Voldemort and all of his Death Eaters are imprisoned or killed, this is the way things are. I love you, and I know that I have you to come home to." "I love you," she said softly, peering into his blue eyes. "And I love you," Anthony replied, his lips meeting hers. He made quick work of removing her clothes and they spent the night making love. Hermione sipped at her tea, her hands clutching the mug tightly. It had been almost a month since she had seen Anthony. They were having a meeting tonight at Grimmauld, and she desperately hoped that someone had news. Not knowing where he was was killing her. "Hermione?" a voice called from her Floo. "Come through, Ron!" she shouted, recognising the voice of her friend. Moments later, Ron was standing in her living room. "How you holding up?" Ron asked, coming towards her. He sat down across from her at the table. "You look rough." "I haven't been sleeping well," Hermione replied honestly. She knew that it was no use to lie to Ron. Ron reached across the table and took her hand. He gave it a light squeeze. "Draco says he has news. Hopefully it's good." "Really?" Hermione perked up at that. "Well, why don't we get going? Don't want to be late." She stood, putting her half-drank tea into the sink. "Is Lavender going to be there?" "She isn't feeling well," Ron said, a worried expression on his face. "We had thought the morning sickness would disappear as she's entered her second trimester, but it's turned into 'all day' sickness." He sighed. "She's going to see a Healer later this week." "I hope she's all right," Hermione said, frowning. She and Lavender had grown quite close over the past few years. She and Ron were expecting their first child. "Mum thinks she'll be fine," Ron said. "Now, let's go." The two of them Flooed to Number Twelve Grimmauld Place. Draco's words rang in her ears. I've received word that Anthony and the two Aurors sent with him are dead. They were overwhelmed by Death Eaters . She gripped the edge of her seat tightly, feeling as if the world was tilting on its axis. Anthony is dead. My sweet, sweet Anthony is dead. My husband… Hermione felt numb, the grief spreading throughout her body. Someone called her name, but she couldn't tell who. Her world went black. Draco caught Hermione as she slumped out of her chair towards the floor. Standing, he tightened his grip on her. "I'll bring her home," he said, looking at the unconscious witch in his arms. The pained expression she wore made him question his conscious. Had he done the right thing? Maybe he should have just let her be happy with Anthony? Snap out of it , his conscious growled at him. It's too late to change your mind . "Are you sure?" Harry said, frowning. "I don't mind taking her home." "No, you need to stay and discuss your next attack. Theo can just fill me in tomorrow." Draco moved towards the Floo. "Wait, make sure she's really all right," Harry said worriedly. "I don't want her to freak out when she wakes up." "I'll take care of her, Potter," Draco said firmly. "You don't need to worry." Stepping into the Floo, he took Hermione home. Stepping out of the fireplace, he was greeted by Crookshanks, Hermione's cat. "Shh," he said to the orange animal, careful not to jostle Hermione as he carried her. "Where's her bed?" he asked the cat. Crookshanks regarded him for a moment before walking down the hall. Draco followed him towards Hermione's bedroom. He carefully lay her down on the bed. Glancing at her one last time, he went to her kitchen to make some tea. Hermione opened her eyes, a sob escaping her lips as she recalled the meeting. Anthony was dead. Grief filled her as her body began to shake. Oh gods, what am I going to do? There was a knock at her door. "Hermione? I've brought you some tea." Draco poked his head in the doorway. "Can I come in?" "Draco?" Hermione asked, rubbing the tears from her eyes. "What are you doing here?" "You fainted at the meeting. I brought you home and waited to keep an eye on you," he explained, coming in. "Here," he said, handing her the cup. "I know you may not feel like tea, but drink up. It'll help you feel better." Hermione took it and had a sip. She scrunched up her face at the bitter taste. "There's some whiskey in there to help you sleep," Draco said. "I figured you'd need it." "Thanks," Hermione said softly. She closed her eyes, feeling as if she'd burst into tears at any moment. "I'm sorry, Hermione," Draco said, his voice thick with emotion. "I'm so sorry." "It's not your fault," she said gently. "You couldn't have known." "I…" "You were just doing your job, Draco, and Anthony was doing his." She paused, tears streaming down her face. "I… I think I just need to be alone." "I understand," Draco said. "Please, Floo me if you need anything." "Thank you," she said, taking another long sip of her tea. Her heart ached with the pain of losing Anthony. She focused on her tea, not hearing Draco leave. When she finished her tea, she curled onto her bed, crying into her pillow. "Hey, Draco?" Harry asked, stopping by the blonde's office. He poked his head into the doorway. "Do you have a moment?" "Sure, Potter, what's up?" Draco asked, looking up from his paperwork. "I was wondering if you could stop by Hermione's tonight. I