Disclaimer: I do not own Hogwarts, McGonagall, Dumbledore, the Weasley Twins, or Lee, Kenneth, Angelina, Alicia, Roger, and Patricia (I do own Matt, because I needed another Ravenclaw boy from the correct year). I also do not own the storyline—more on that on the other side :). A Joke Well-Played By Sophia the Scribe Early Fall 1989 "And so the Three Principles—write this down, students—are…Weasley and Weasley! Kindly pay attention to the lesson!" The whispering suddenly broke off, and the matching redheads looked up with an air of surprise, smiling impishly under Professor McGonagall's stern gaze. Satisfied that, at least for the moment, she had their attention, she turned back to the board and gestured to the chalk, which was hanging in midair, to begin writing. "First, the intention behind the switch must be…" She paused again at the smart rap on the classroom door and called, sharply, "Enter!" A sixth-year Hufflepuff prefect peered in. "Sorry to interrupt, Professor, but Professor Dumbledore needs to speak with you. He says it's urgent." "Thank you, Miss Rostova. Tell the Headmaster I will be there shortly." "Yes, ma'am." Miss Rostova shut the door again. With a wave of her wand, McGonagall erased the board where the chalk had recorded her conversation with the prefect and replaced it with the Three Principles. "Write down the Three Principles. I expect you to be memorizing them when I return." The teacher swept out of the room. For a beat, then two, the class was silent except for the scratching of quills of parchment and occasional muttering of memorization. Then— "Hey, George." A stage whisper. "Hm?" Roger Davies, one of the Ravenclaw first-years boys with whom the Gryffindors shared Transfiguration, glared at the twins for the disturbance, but having endured much worse from Percy at home they ploughed on undeterred. "I memorize much better when I'm doing something." "Oh yeah?" The boys' voices were growing progressively louder. "Like moving these desks around?" "Exactly! Nothing better than a little physical exertion to get the brain going!" As one, the boys leapt up, seized their desk, and shoved it sideways, screeching against the floor, until it knocked against the one shared by Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet. Alicia squeaked; Angelina righted her tipping ink bottle before shrieking, "Fred! George!" But Lee Jordan, while the girls were distracted, slid their desk away from them and knocked it into Davies'. He growled and pushed back, but too forcefully: both desks fell over, knocking Lee backwards into George and causing Matt Becker, Davies' deskmate, to snarl, "Roger!" Patricia Stimpson giggled. Roger gritted his teeth. George and Lee began untangling themselves from the each other, the floor, and Roger's desk when Fred casually knocked his chair on top of them. "Ouch! Fred! Uncalled for, mate!" Fred chortled. Roger kicked over his chair while trying to right his desk, face flaming and ink all over his hands. George kicked Kenneth Towler's chair out from under him and he ended up sitting on the floor. Patricia knocked her shin against Roger's fallen chair and started crying. Lee finally managed to stand up, reaching a hand to steal Angelina's chair, when the door banged open. "What in Heaven's name is going on in here?" McGonagall stared for a moment at the frozen tableau of chaos, with Fred, George, Lee, and Roger at the epicenter. Then she strode imperiously to the front of the room, scattering wayward students and avoiding misplaced furniture, cleaned up Roger's spilled ink with a flick of her wand, and righted the desks and chairs with another. They slid smoothly back into formation, but the children remained frozen. Her gaze hardened. "I don't suppose," she said crisply, "that anyone would like to inform me what any of you thought you were doing?" "Just a little exercise, Professor!" She turned her glare to Lee, who swallowed hard but continued manfully. "You know, to stimulate the brain!" "I see. And who proposed this…unorthodox study technique?" No one replied. McGonagall's eyes lingered on the Weasley twins, whose mischievous grins were beginning to leak through their expressions of wide-eyed innocence. "Very well. Detention for Weasley, Weasley, Jordan, and Davies. Now, begin memorizing!" And the class was once again the model of studiousness. Later Fall 1989 "Wingardium leviosa," George whispered, surreptitiously pointing his wand at his quill, which rose a few inches off his desk before flying over to jab Fred in the arm. "Wingardium leviosa," Fred echoed, sending George's Transfiguration book careening off his desk to land with a jarring thud on the floor. Both twins snickered. Professor McGonagall glared. "Weasley, retrieve your book, and both of you do try to avoid disturbing the class further. Now," she raised her voice to again draw the whole class's attention, "for the practical portion of today's lesson. Please begin transfiguring your handkerchiefs," she distributed these with a wave of her wand, "into envelopes with your correct address on the front." For a few moments the class was silent. Then— "Ahh!" Everyone jumped. Kenneth Towler appeared to have missed his handkerchief and instead transformed his hand into a rather odd-shaped envelope. "P…Pro…Professor…" he stuttered, arm shaking and breathing quickening as he gazed, horrified, at his not-hand. With a swish of her wand McGonagall restored his hand to its natural state, but he continued to stare at her, terrified, eyes wide and panicky. She reached for his shoulder and steered him, carefully but deliberately, toward the door. "I will escort Mr. Towler to the hospital wing. Continue practicing until I return." The classroom door clicked shut behind them. The ensuing silence did not last; it was broken rather quickly by "wingardium leviosa" and another flying textbook. Fred flew the book higher, carefully directing it until it landed with a thump on the teacher's desk. Angelina Johnson tittered. "Oh, that's nothing," scoffed George, who jumped up and pointed his wand at his vacated chair. "Wingardium leviosa!" The chair began to rise, but when it was about halfway as high as the desk George's control slipped and it fell, heavily and noisily, back to the floor. "Oh, very impressive," chortled his twin. "As if you could do any better!" "Wingardium leviosa!" The chair rose again, but this time one of its legs hooked the underside of the desk, knocking it sideways and out of the air. One of the legs cracked ominously as it hit the floor and fell on its side. "You've done it now, mate!" said Lee Jordan gleefully, examining the broken wood. "Reparo! Oh, bother." The sloppy repairing charm appeared to have fused the leg back onto the chair at an alarming angle. A derisive snort came from a few desks down. "Honestly!" Roger Davies said, ostensibly to Matt Becker but loud enough to be heard by the whole class. "Can't even do a basic levitation charm!" Fred Weasley crossed his arms. "Like you could do any better!" "Shows what you know," Roger scoffed. "I dare you to levitate your desk onto McGonagall's." "Like that would be hard." "Well, go on, then!" "And get detention tonight? No thanks." "Hey George, you know what I hear?" "What, Fred?" "I hear ickle-Davy-kins being too chicken to do it." "You know what? I hear that too. He's chicken." Patricia giggled. Roger flushed. "I'm not chicken!" "Are too! Little Roggie, too scared to take a dare? Do you need mummy, Roggie-poo?" Roger jumped up, knocking over his chair, pointed his wand at his desk—from which his deskmate quickly removed his quill, ink, and parchment—and cried, "Wingardium leviosa!" The desk flew through the air, clipping Matt's elbow (he let out a grunt of pain), and landed noisily on McGonagall's desk. A moment of silence. Then— "That's ruddy fantastic!" "Can't be too hard." "I'll bet we can do it together!" The twins simultaneously pointed their wands at their desk and yelled, "Wingardium leviosa!" It rose rather shakily into the air, jerked, listed like a sinking ship, and finally came to rest bumpily on its side on top of Roger's desk. Lee applauded. Fred and George bowed. The door flew open. Professor McGonagall glanced around the room diagnostically and closed her eyes for a moment in exasperation. "I believe I instructed you to practice transfiguring your handkerchiefs," she said icily. "You see, Professor…" began Fred. "You just said to practice …" George continued. "Not to practice transfiguration ." "Clearly some of the class…" "Decided that they needed more practice with levitation than transfiguration." "You're such a good teacher, after all…" "They've already mastered today's subject material!" They blinked innocently and smiled at her. "I see." McGonagall strode to the front of the classroom, quickly restoring its furniture to the floor. "In that case, since you're all so accomplished, you won't mind if I quiz you individually on today's practical lesson, right now. George Weasley, you're up first." No further incidents disturbed Transfiguration class, except George's lopsided chair dumping him onto the floor as he returned to his seat, and Weasley, Weasley, and Davies being assigned extra homework for unsatisfactory transfigurations. Early Spring 1990 Professor Minerva McGonagall strode up the hall from the Transfiguration classroom toward the Headmaster's office with pursed lips and a narrowed gaze that sent several unfortunate Slytherin second-years scurrying down a side-passage do avoid her path. Reaching the gargoyle guard, she snapped, "Sugar quill," and entered, ascended the moving staircase, and rapped smartly on the door. "Do come in, Minerva," came Dumbledore's mildly amused voice from inside the room. She opened the door. "Care for a lemon drop?" His eyes twinkled behind his spectacles. "No, thank you," she returned curtly, sitting stiffly in the chair in front of his desk. "You know I can't stand the flavor." "My dear Professor McGonagall, what has gotten you so flustered?" Minerva sighed, some of her frustration leaking away, as it always did in the Headmaster's presence. "It's those Weasley twins, Albus. If it were just pranks in the corridors and inter-house animosity and dung-bombs in the common rooms it wouldn't be such a problem—Heaven knows I've learned how to deal with all that over the years!—but…" she shook her head and sighed, "I'm not sure I've ever had students with such ability to learn, yet so little desire ." Dumbledore leaned forward, laying his folded hands before him on his desk, and smiled slightly. "I'm afraid you're comparing our newest pair of troublemakers to their predecessors." Minerva blinked, considering. "Oh," she breathed, eyes saddening slightly, "of course." "James and Sirius were, naturally, brightest in their year," Dumbledore said, "and despite a rather substantial inclination toward mischief, both had an ingrained desire for, if not learning itself, at least being top of the class." "James wanted to live up to the name of Potter," McGonagall recalled, "and Sirius…to live down the name of Black." She winced slightly. What had happened to that newly-sorted Gryffindor, eager beyond reckoning to show that he was not his family? When had—but best not to think about that now. She wrenched her thoughts back to the conversation; Albus was speaking again. "Remus was, of course, a model student except when he wasn't, and Peter tried hard to keep up—in classes as well as pranks." "Yes, the Marauders were…different." Minerva shook her had almost fondly. "They had a penchant for ingratiating themselves to the teachers despite their most disruptive deeds." Albus chuckled. "Yes, they certainly had a way of that. That time in their first year—in your class, do you recall?—when James and Sirius transfigured their cushions into hedgehogs instead of kneazles? You handled the situation admirably despite the panic in the classroom and your hands getting stuck full of quills. That was before young Lupin began derailing their more dangerous prank ideas, I believe. Though they were, of course, never vicious boys, only…high-spirited." But McGonagall was no longer listening to Dumbledore's reminiscing. That was what she had sensed from the Marauders but lacked in the Weasley twins. Ever since the Hedgehog Incident—which she had handled rather well, if she did say so herself—they