The night was cold. Hobbits were sleeping in their beds. All apart from two. Merry Brandybuck and Peregrin Took. Both had beer and tobacco. "Shush, shush, she'll hear us" giggled Pippin. He was a little red in the face. The beer was taking effect. Merry giggled quietly as well. The smoke from Pippin's pipe swirled up and away. A small fire burned in the fire place. But something was about to happen. A door opened. A young woman came out. The candles on the wall of their hobbit hole were still burning. She could smell a bit of tobacco. "What is he doing?" she asked herself as she walked towards the kitchen. There was a large door leading to the kitchen, it had been left ajar. She walked around the corner and pushed it open. But she did not walk in. Instead, she just stood there stood there. She could see Merry and Pippin smoking and drinking. "Peregrin Took!" said Diamond. Her voice was loud and angry. Merry jumped, knocking his beer over. The glass smashed on the table. The beer started to run off of the table. Diamond walked over to Pippin. "Clean that up!" she said. But Pippin smiled. "Make me you wee hobbit" he said. Diamond looked angrily at her husband. "You are drunk and I am having a baby, I need my sleep, why can't you just for once think about me?" she asked. Pippin looked up at her. "Oh, you having a baby?" he asked. He looked shocked. "How did that happen?" Merry snorted as he took a drink from Pippin's glass. Pippin looked around. "Ah!" he shouted. "That's my drink!" He then snatched it away from Merry. Merry continued to giggle. "I think it is time for bed" Diamond said. She snatched the beer away from him. She hated Pippin when he was drunk. "Whoa…?" Pippin said. "Look Merry, it's floating again" Pippin said. He tried to grab it, but missed. "Merry, go home" Diamond said. But Merry remained seated. Diamond took a deep breath. "Now, Merry!" Merry smiled and got up. Pippin yawned and mumbled a good-bye to his friend. Merry walked towards the kitchen door and out onto the passage. "Right, mister, you need to go to bed" Diamond said. Pippin shook his head. "I ain't tired" he said. Diamond looked down. "Listen, you've been drinking all night, please come to bed" Diamond said. Pippin yawned again. "Alright, alright, keep your hair on" The hobbit's speech was splurged. It always was when he was drunk. The hobbit walked past Diamond. She could smell the beer on him. "Why do I let him drink?" she asked herself. She then felt tired again. So, she turned around, leaving the fire crackling happily in the fireplace. Merry, who had gone a few minutes before, had left the door open. The night outside was calm. Stars could be seen among the clouds. They twinkled since time had started. Trees blew in the cool wind. Winter was now upon them. The cold blew across the land. Small animals hibernated in their burrows. But, there was one creature that was not asleep. This was a small, four legged creature. The creature sniffed around. He could hear crickets singing. But he couldn't see them. The creature trotted along the road. He then came to a hobbit hole. He could see the window with light coming out of it. A figure came out. It was Merry. The four legged creature stopped. He could hear Merry come down the path. Merry slowly opened the gate. He could be heard Merry still laughing by himself. The creature, who was quite small, slipped into the shadows. Merry walked pasted right back the creature. The animal watched him walking away. Merry stumbled a few times and went out of view. The animal slipped though the open gate. Careful it was not to be seen. He could hear Diamond and Pippin talking. The light poured out of the house. "Should I?" he asked himself. The creature looked back. He only had one chance to get in. So, the creature ran inside the hole. He stopped at the door. He could hear talking. He then slipped in and walked away. The creature heard someone coming. "Left the door opened again!" said a voice. To the creature, it was all babble. He hid around the corner and watched. There was a big person coming towards him. This person looked friendly. But should he take the chance? Not yet. Diamond, who was going back to bed, didn't notice the small creature looking at her. She opened the door and went to her side of the bed. Pippin came around the corner as well. He had his hands over his eyes. Pippin too didn't notice the creature. He went into the bedroom. The hobbit left the door open. Pippin was so tired that he didn't change or wash. Diamond pulled the covers over. Pippin did the same a minute later. The room was dark and warm. Just right for the creature. He came to the door and poked his head around the corner. He sniffed the floor. He could smell both of their senses. He wondered if it would be safe to go to them. Pippin shuffled in his bed. Diamond had closed her eyes already. The creature came slowly into the room. Stopping for a few seconds. There was no sound in the house. Pippin had fallen asleep quite quickly. So, the small creature walked and stopped besides Diamond's half of the bed. He looked up, then to the sides. He then stood up and walked down to the end of the bed. There, there was a lower storage box there. The creature then jumped onto it. He looked back down, then back at the bed. In front of him was a big duvet. So, he leaped over the end of the bed onto the soft duvet. Neither of the two hobbits woke up. So, the creature started to walk towards them. The creature knew which hobbit looked the friendliest. So, he walked up on top of Diamond. She was laying on her side. He got to the top. And then he realised. He was stuck there. He couldn't see the other side. "Oh no" he thought. The creature looked back. He needed to get back down. And then it happened. Diamond started to turn over. The creature was stuck on top of her. But he didn't fall off. Diamond then stopped rolling over and continued to sleep. The creature yawned as well. He was sleepy too. "This is nice" he thought. The creature then snuggled down and closed his eyes. The creature wasn't asleep long when he was woken up. Diamond had woken up. "Oh my!" Diamond said as she sat up. She was shocked to see a small puppy on her. The puppy whined and jumped back. Diamond instantly stood up. The puppy started to shake. Diamond tilted her head. "How did you get in here?" she asked. The puppy whimpered. Pippin was still asleep. Diamond looked at him. She then raised her hand out. "I won't hurt you" she said as she walked closer. She could see the puppy shaking. But he didn't run away. He started to sniff her hand. "She seems nice. But what if it's a trap?" the puppy thought. "Do you have an owner?" Diamond asked. The puppy shook his head, making his ears flop. Diamond looked confused. "Are you lost?" she asked. The puppy shook his head again. "Hmmm" "Then where did you come from?" she asked. The puppy then started to whimper. Diamond suddenly realised what that meant. "Awwww, come here" she said, picking him up. His fur was nice and soft and warm. The puppy continued to whimper. "Are you hungry?" Diamond asked. The day was steadily lighter as the sun rose. The puppy nodded and rested his head on Diamond. The two of them felt a connection between one another. Neither of them knew why, but it happened. Diamond realised the she now had a new puppy to look after. "I hope your not as much trouble as Pip is" she said. The puppy looked around the hole. It was a nice place, bright and airy with lots of rooms. The puppy sniffed the air. He couldn't smell anyone else in the house. He looked up at Diamond. He then gave her a small lick. Her hands were warm and gentle. The puppy took a deep breath as they reached the kitchen. "Right, so what do you want?" she asked. The puppy looked around. Diamond opened up the cupboard. The pup looked around. He shook his head. "No?" Diamond asked. She smiled and stood up. "What if I go into the cellar?" she asked. The puppy nodded. "Maybe there's some in there" he thought. So, Diamond placed him on the floor and walked over to a door that led off of the kitchen. This door led to the cellar. The puppy watched her open the door. He sat down on the floor and waited. Diamond came back a few minutes later. She was holding a few packets of meats. "Right then, we have…" Diamond sat down on the floor and placed three packets down. "Bacon" she said, pointing to the first one. "Chicken" she said. "And turkey" The puppy looked at each one. He sniffed the bacon. He whined and then sniffed the chicken. "Hmmm" he thought. And then, he sniffed the turkey. "Ah ha!" The puppy started barking and trying to get at him. "Whoa!" said Diamond. Pippin, who had been sleeping, was woken up by the barks. "Argh, it's too early" he said to himself. He turned over and smiled. "Morning hon…" But Diamond wasn't there. Pippin lifted his head. "Diamond?" he asked. The hobbit then got out of bed and into his dressing gown. Pippin yawned and walked out of the room. He yawned again. Pippin then walked into the kitchen. He suddenly stopped. Diamond was standing there, smiling as a puppy ran around her feet. "Oh Pippin, isn't he just the cutest?" asked Diamond. Pippin didn't know what to say. Should he be angry? Should he be happy? It was then that he saw it. "Diamond!" he said, running towards the empty packet. "Diamond that was my turkey!" he said. He exhaled loudly. "Now what am I going to have to eat?" he asked. Diamond scowled at him. "Pippin, we don't know where he came from, he was hungry" "But that doesn't mean he can eat my turkey!" argued Pippin. Diamond shook her head in disbelief. "You always think about yourself don't you? Why, for once in your life Peregrin Took, why cant you think of someone else?" asked Diamond. The puppy had stopped and looked at Pippin. "It's a dog, Diamond, a mutt!" answered Pippin. Diamond didn't understand. "Is this about farmer maggot's dogs?" she asked. "Is that why you won't let us get one?" Pippin looked down. He knew that Diamond knew he was scared of dogs. "Aye" Pippin answered. He took a deep breath. The puppy was looking from Diamond to Pippin. The puppy then yawned and laid down, but continued watching. "Oh, Pip, please can we keep him?" Diamond asked. She had wanted a puppy ever since she was little. She knew Pippin was afraid of dogs. "I don't know" he answered. Diamond looked down. "Can we at least try to like him?" asked Diamond. Pippin looked at the dog looking at him. The hobbits mind was working. Saying "Yes" would please Diamond, which is what he wanted. Saying "No" would mean upsetting Diamond. "Pippin?" Diamond asked. Pippin took a deep breath. "Alright, alright we can keep him for a few days. But if he misbehaves or wakes me up, he's out of here" he said. Diamond smiled. She now had a new puppy. "Now, what's for lunch?" Pippin asked. Diamond smiled. "Bacon sandwich alright?" she asked. Pippin smiled.