Author's note: Recently it was my best friend's birthday, and since she's been asking me to do another Hunger Games related item-...well here it is. Effie is an...interesting character to say the least, and I hope I captured her accurately. Just to clarify, this features elements from the movie and the book. Finally, I don't own any of these characters. This is dedicated to my best friend. Happy Birthday! And a big thank you to my mom, who helped me with the editing. I woke up at the crack of dawn. Today is a big, big day, and I have a really busy schedule. Plus, I need hours to do my makeup, hair, outfit... *sigh* Life is good...for me! Well, there is one blot on my otherwise shiny day... District Twelve. Compared to the Capitol, District Twelve is a wreck-everything is ugly and old, and the children have no manners! Completely unacceptable! Anyways, if I put on a good show here today, someday I'll have the honor of announcing the tributes in Districts One, Two, or Four! How much more appropriate will that'll be! For now, I'm stuck at District Twelve. Stuck reaping kids that don't even stand a chance... but onto more cheerful manners! This is the 74th annual Hunger Games. Next year is the Quarter Quell! This is truly exciting! Any minute now... soon, I'll be starting the announcements. Oh! Time for me to go! I quickly adjust my skirt and walk up to the stage. I flash my best smile and wave, but no one waves back. How rude these District Twelve people are! I was so put off by their not caring how I look, I nearly forgot my speech. But while the history of the Hunger Games film rolled, I had an opportunity to recollect my thoughts. The film was special, it had come all the way from the Capitol! To me, it's a beautiful reminder of our history. Awhile ago, there were 13 districts that supplied the Capitol, but for some reason, they rebelled against us. The Capitol was victorious, and twelve of the districts were subdued, and District Thirteen was destroyed-but that was ages ago! Anyways, after the little rebellion was settled, some of the important political people came up with a grand idea. Every year, twenty-four tributes would fight in an honorable duel to the death! The last one standing would earn great fame, live in a special house... you get the picture. It is a big honor to get reaped for the Games, and it is the way we safeguard our future. I just love it! When the film ended, the mayor of the district walked up. Then he listed the previous winners from District twelve. It was a terribly short list. Two to be exact, and only one is still alive, Haymitch Abernathy. When the mayor announced his name, he stumbled onto the stage, and he was already very drunk. The audience broke into applause, however, this greatly confused Haymitch and he stumbled around. Then he tried to hug me! I just barely fended him off! Can you imagine the horror of him touching me, eeew. Then Haymitch fell off the stage unconscious. Good riddance! This is being televised and he is making me look like a fool! I have a reputation to uphold! Calm down Effie... Announce the tributes. That's why you're here. I fixed my blouse and walked over to the jar with the names of the girls aged twelve to eighteen. Whosever name I pull, will have the honor of participating this year! I am so nervous! I put my hand in the jar, and snatched a random one. I unfolded the name, cleared my throat, and announced the name loud and clear. "Primrose Everdeen." That's a pretty little name actually. I like it. I scanned the crowd to see where she was. Then I saw a couple of girls walk away from one young girl, giving her space. That must be Primrose. Aw...she looks so nervous! I motioned for her to come up on stage. Behind her, I saw a teenage girl who looked quite shocked. She ran up to Primrose and stood in front of her. "I volunteer as tribute!" the teenager yelled. I was stunned, and I think everyone else was too. I don't think there has ever been a volunteer for District Twelve, but here she was volunteering to take this Primrose's place. This is a first! I asked the girl what her name was. She told me it was Katniss Everdeen. Katniss must be Primrose's older sister. I bet my beautiful hat on it! This was definitely exciting, this will make me more noticeable in the capital. It was very moving too. I was touched. I told the crowd to give Katniss a big round of applause. To my utmost disgust, no one did! They sat there in silence. Come on you backwater louts, you're making me look bad. Grrr. Then they kissed their second and third fingers and raised them up. Katniss gave a weak smile so I guess it meant something to them. Don't these people even care what people in the capital think of them, or me? Now that we had the female tribute, it was time to announce which boy would have the honour of participating in the Hunger Games. I walked over to the boy's jar and picked a name. I unfolded it, and announced the name. "Peeta Mellark." A boy with blond hair (and quite handsome too!) walked up to the stage. Handsome is good, it is so much easier to work with handsome. I asked if there were any volunteers, but none walked up. Well that's no fun... I told the two lucky tributes to shake hands. I noticed that they stared at each other. Maybe they like each other? Aw...that is so sweet! Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark... they look promising! Maybe I can finally look forward to that promotion! Yes! So after waiting ten entire minutes for the tributes to say their goodbyes, we were off to the Capitol! We took the same train I rode earlier. It was quite entertaining to see the looks on their faces. They acted like they've never seen a table full of food before! *sigh* Riding on this train reminds me of what amazing things the Capitol has to offer. This train goes 200 miles per hour, and you can barely feel a thing! Good thing too. I get queasy easily... Since it was lunchtime, we all sat down to eat, and glory be! They had manners! The tributes last year ate like savages. It COMPLETELY upset my digestion. So I made it a point to say that I was grateful that they had the decency to have proper table manners. And you wouldn't believe what the Katniss girl did! She threw her silverware down, and ate the rest of her meal with her unwashed hands! That's not the worst part! When she saw how disgusted I was, she smiled and wiped her hands on the tablecloth! Ugh...reminds me why this job is so hard. Everyone thinks my life as a tribute escort is an easy one, but oh are they wrong! I have to put up with all of this! Terrible manners, unresponsive crowds, tributes that make me look bad, drunken mentors...*sigh* Oh! Speaking of drunken mentors, here comes Haymitch. Looks like he's going to assess the tributes' skills... Katniss has good archery skills. That is something that people will talk about...Peeta is strong. Well, look at those muscles of his. Hehe... every girl in the Capitol will love him! Haymitch looks somewhat satisfied. Promotion, here Effie comes! Now Haymitch is testing their knife throwing skills. Katniss took the knife and threw it at the doorpost. That is MAHOGANY! How dare she! I should just leave the room now. Lashing out is not befitting of one of my status. Two hours later, we are in the Capitol! Ah, home sweet home! It's so funny to look at Katniss and Peeta's faces. They're acting like they've never seen anything like this! Then again, that District Twelve *shudder* is covered in coal. As we pulled into the station, I smiled and waved at the crowds who cheered as we pulled into the station. They couldn't get enough of me! Peeta was waving too, and Katniss sat in a chair out of view. That's no fun at all...Peeta urged her to wave too, but she just sat there. Her funeral I guess. When we got out of the station, Haymitch (who was still stumbling around a bit) and I escorted them to the Remake Center, and boy do they need it. I had to do my best to ignore Katniss's leg hairs. Ew... Over three hours later, they finally were finished, and already I can see the improvements! People in the Capitol are sure to look at them. I know I made a good choice with the tributes this year, and I'm sure Katniss and Peeta are thrilled too! Katniss and Peeta are with their stylists now. They're going to dress them up for the tribute parade! I cannot wait to see what they come up with. Of course they will never look as stylish as me! The costumes look amazing! Katniss is wearing a black outfit made out of a special material and Peeta is wearing a matching outfit. I overheard that Cinna is going to light them on fire! Haymitch muttered it was fake flame though-boring old Haymitch. When the parade started, the crowds cheered at the sight of the tributes. I had to laugh at District Three's costumes. They looked ridiculous! When my tributes appeared, the crowd's attention was immediately focused on them. The fire on their costumes looked so spectacular. We are all anyone's going to be talking about! After the parade (a rather successful one I may add) was over, Haymitch and I lead them to their apartment where they'll stay until the games begin. Course, they won't be staying there long... When they saw the inside of the apartment, their eyes grew so wide. I feel like that too sometimes. This place is so gorgeous! But it's nothing compared to me! Nothing ever could. Actually, it's getting late, so I'm going to retire. Can't have this skin getting all wrinkly now, can we? *Yawn* Good morning Effie! It feels so good waking up back at the Capital! Katniss is still in bed. Guess she likes it here too! Peeta is up, and he's acting like he's never heard of hot chocolate before! Poor thing... Looks like Katniss is up now, and her hair is only in a braid! Such a waste...When breakfast is over, we rushed them to the training facilities. The past couple of weeks have been wonderful. Never has my team received so much attention! I can see my promotion now! I can already see myself announcing tributes for the Quarter Quell in District Two! Hmm...right now Peeta and Katniss are being rated by the Gamemakers. The Careers tend to get anywhere from eight to ten...Wonder how well my team will score. Oh! Looks like Katniss and Peeta are back. Peeta talked about how he basically threw around heavy things until they let him leave. That doesn't sound good... Katniss told me what she did, and all I can say is, there goes any chance of me getting a promotion. She shot an arrow-at the Gamemakers! Guess I should have tried harder to instill in her some manners. Hmph! Cinna acted like it was fine, but obviously he doesn't know the consequences. This will look bad on all of us, and especially me! Haymitch walks in, and he's SMILING?! Does he not realize how bad my situation is? He walked over to Katniss and told her to tell the story again. When she finished, he gave her a thumbs up and started laughing. I seriously don't know why they find it