This was impossible. Unbelievable. Outlandish. Prepost- "Rose, stop worrying." Albus impatiently interrupted my latest mental breakdown of the semester. But this wasn't just any old mental breakdown. Oh no, while my previous woeful moments had all been brought on by panic attacks about OWLs and future career paths, this one was much worse. As of approximately 1:32 pm during Arithmancy, my reputation was utterly and completely ruined. I, Rose Weasley, had received… *gulp* a detention. "You look like you're about to have a stroke. It's just one detention; you'll be fine." "Shhhhh!" I glanced furtively around to make sure no one else at the library was nearby before hissing at him. "Are you crazy? Someone could be listening!" Albus actually had the nerve to roll his eyes. "Despite the wildly interesting life you lead here in the dustiest corner of the library, I somehow doubt the student population is following your every move, Rose. You're the only person I know who hasn't gotten a detention at this point, it might even be good for you." "Good for me? GOOD for me?" I stared at him in horror. "What did you even do to get a detention?" He frowned at the Herbology essay he was attempting to write. "Hey, do you know why the Venomous Tentacula is so dangerous?" "Its bite is venomous, obviously, and it can also try to strangle you," I recited. "And… I… fell asleep in class." Albus didn't seem very impressed. "That's it ?" I was ready to burst into a lecture about how with that seemingly simple action I had lost precious moments of learning and had betrayed the trust of my teachers until he shook his head and said, "I thought it was way more dangerous than that. Dunno why Neville keeps on going on about it, really. " "Albus," I said slowly, bringing him back to the crisis at hand. "I fell asleep . In CLASS." "So what? I do that every day in Potions. You just need to learn to hide it better. Like this, see?" He promptly demonstrated, turning his face away from me while still looking as though he were reading over his essay. I was suitably horrified. "But then how do you pay attention? And do well?" He snorted. "I don't. Why do you think I need you and Lucy tutoring me?" "Your academic failings aside, what do I do? I can't have this on my permanent record!" "Well they keep the records in Filch's office so all you'd have to do is get in and throw out the one record. James and Fred have done it loads of times," he said, like it was as easy as rereading Hogwarts: A History . "But-But that's destruction of property and breaking and entering and sneaking out past curfew, and… and I don't even know how many other rules that's breaking!" "Uh, yeah." "I can't break more rules. You know what they say, two wrongs don't make a right." I said, emphatically shaking my head no. 7 hours later… I lay in bed with my eyes wide open. What if I wasn't appointed Head Girl because of this detention? What if I was up for the Wizarding Nobel Peace Prize but lost due to having an unsightly background? What if I was running for Minister years from now and my opponent used this in a smear campaign? Never mind the fact that I had no leadership skills to speak of, no diplomacy talents whatsoever (as evidenced by my inability to stop the daily fights that broke out among my way-too-large family), and no intention of ever going into the Ministry. Despite what Albus said, I could think of no good reason for having my otherwise perfect record tarnished. What harm could it do to just… restore it back to its original pristine state? Besides, I reasoned as I slowly slid out of bed, it's not like I was a habitual troublemaker. I was a model student and prefect, I said to myself as I tiptoed down the stairs to the Gryffindor common room. And I always did the right thing, I rationalized as I stood in front of the door that led out of the common room. Ok, so there was that one time where I put a bunch of worms in Hugo's bed after an argument but he deserved it. This was it. No going back. I took a deep breath in front of the common room door and stepped through. At least that's what I imagined doing. In actuality, my body froze up and refused to take the final step of crossing outside into the dark halls of the castle. Wait. Maybe I shouldn't do this. Surely if I was meant to clear my record, the universe would send some sort of sign. I patiently stood still. One minute passed. Five minutes passed. Just when I was happily convinced I should head back to my warm bed, keeping my misdemeanors to a one time only occurrence, the entrance to the common room flew open, almost hitting me. "Rose?" James and Fred came in, looking out of breath and wildly amused. "What're you doing up so late?" "Probably finishing up her Herbology essay that's due in a week." Fred shook his head in mock disappointment. "Haven't we taught you to always leave your work for the last minute? Working better under pressure and all that?" "Don't be ridiculous, I finished that days ago." I sniffed indignantly. "Where were you two coming from anyway?" They exchanged a quick look and James shook his head. "Better for you not to know for plausible deniability. Just make sure to avoid eating at the Slytherin table tomorrow, not that you'd have any reason to go there anyway." He winked and then frowned. "If you're not doing work then why are you up?" "Ah, haven't you heard? Little Rosie's become a rebel. She got her first detention today." Fred wiped a fake tear away. "They grow up so fast." "A detention?" James looked delighted and the two of them smothered me in a huge hug. "Can't… breathe…" I wheezed, trapped between them. They released me but still looked far too proud. "I knew you weren't adopted," James said. "It just took about 16 years to show it." "It's the Granger in her. It's too strong." I held up my hands to stop them before they got too far. "Ok, first of all, I am NOT a rebel!" "Duh." James rolled his eyes. "Your Weasley colors may have done you proud this time but it still takes a lot of work to become a fully fledged rebel like us. Hey, what'd you do anyway? Prank the teacher?" "Skip class?" "I fell asleep." I replied morosely. They were silent. "And?" "Isn't that enough?" I cried out. Silence. "Ah, well, baby steps," James sighed, clearly disappointed in me. "She is out of bed now and not even studying," Fred pointed out. "That's still something." "Yeah, you never told us what you were doing." James squinted his eyes at me suspiciously. "Well," I started rambling, my previously forgotten nerves resurging. "I was going to go to Filch's office and get rid of the detention slip because, you know, I can't have something like that plaguing me my whole life if I want to become Head Girl or have a successful career after Hogwarts, but I really think I should just go back to sleep-" "NO!" The two yelled, stopping me mid-sentence. "Rose, don't you see? This is fate!" I was afraid of that. "We were meant to find you before you set off on your first quest alone," Fred agreed, looking more serious than I had ever seen him. Quest? I thought they were taking it a bit too seriously, but before I could voice my concerns out loud, James shoved an old piece of parchment at me. "The Marauder's Map?" I stared at it, touched despite the blatant rule-breaking they were promoting. "You're letting me use it?" "Of course, you'll need the cloak too." James put it around my shoulders. I raised my arm experimentally, wondering if it would show anything with movement. Nothing. I gave a little wiggle with my fingers. Still nothing. Cool. "With these tools, you'll have everything to complete your journey successfully and do our family proud. Good luck-" "And godspeed, young Weasley." And with that, they were gone. 10 minutes later, I was seriously questioning whether the universe had my best interests in mind. The map and cloak both helped me easily make my way to Filch's office while avoiding everyone else who was up in the castle, showing a surprising amount of couples hiding in broom closets. I made a mental note to ask James if I could borrow the map for prefect patrols; it really would make things a lot easier. Finally I stood outside of the office that held my future in its dusty old drawers somewhere. You can do this, Rose, I told myself. No, you can do this, Weasley . There, that sounded tougher. Like someone who could break into an office and destroy evidence. I felt nauseous again. Just a final deep breath in to calm the nerves and enter! I inhaled deeply. And again. And again. After another 5 minutes where I almost had another panic attack and walked right back to my dorm, I finally pulled myself together, squeezed my eyes shut and quickly opened the office door before I could think about it any longer. In retrospect, that was probably an incredibly dumb thing to do, considering the whole place could have been rigged with a Caterwauling Charm, but after a few seconds of silence, I opened my eyes and marginally relaxed, seeing no immediate threat. After checking the map to make sure there was no one headed my way, I quickly took off the cloak and headed to the huge filing cabinets along the wall holding the detention slips. I opened one at random to see what system they were organized under. Hmmm, 1583, 2007, 1934. So definitely not by year. Maybe alphabetically by last name? Nope, Davis, Adams, Spencers. Alphabetically by first name maybe? No again. I beamed, mentally running through my list of ways to catalogue items. This would be great. About 27 minutes later, I wanted to claw my eyes out. I had gone through 3 huge drawers, each overflowing with with detention records and with no logical system for them to be organized under. I almost started organizing them myself until I remembered that it would be a clear sign that I had broken in. What kind of monster didn't organize this disaster of a filing cabinet? Just when I was about to burst into tears (in despair at not finding my own records or in anger at the tragedy of this so-called 'filing' cabinet, I wasn't sure), I heard footsteps right outside the office. There was no time to think. I dove under the desk in the middle of the room and shut my eyes tightly, praying that whoever was about to come in was somehow blind and couldn't see the stacks of paper I had left around or the Cloak draped over the chair-THE CLOAK! If I lost the Invisibility Cloak, I had no doubt James would kill me in my sleep. Actually, he would probably do it while I was awake, just to really make the torture hit home for losing his precious family heirloom/one of the Deathly Hallows, NBD. Not to mention I left my wand and the Map lying about too. I really was quite awful at sneaking around. The door swung open and the mystery person took about one step inside before immediately saying, "What the hell" in a baffled tone. Well. Definitely a person with sight. "Who's there?" Mystery Person commanded. "There's no way you would leave an Invisibility Cloak and your wand here; I know you're still here." I stayed silent. "Come