a/n: Here's some unedited fic to make up for the lost time. The usual for newcomers – everything is the same, except everyone in Harry's generation is a different gender. If you want to read different variations, some of the better ones are: 'at sixes and sevens' (m/m) , 'remember those walls i've build' (f/f) , and 'get up now, you're not alone all' (trans characters). Part of this was inspired by reading Crooked Kingdom by Leigh Bardugo, and some of you may know which chapter I'm talking about. The title comes from A Broken Heart Still Beats sung by The Rigs. Disclaimer : Ha. Title : just need to breathe Words : 4K Summary : Falling in love again goes like this. Gender AU. ºººº Halley was in the bathroom connected to the boys' side of the dormitory. Her back against the counter where the sink was – the water running hot as the dirtied and bloodied layers of her clothes started to fall to the ground to reveal bruised, burnt skin. She had her hands placed on either side of the counter, allowing – trusting – her ex-boyfriend to help. She wasn't used to this, having someone help take of her, or even the intimacy of taking care of someone in return. Those moments in particular were also rare. Gid held a piece of terry cloth soaked in hot water and Essence of Dittany. "Where's this one from?" he asked, his voice oddly low. He was studying the fresh burns on her arms, and he traced the outline of a large one that covered the inside of her wrist. Gently, he dabbed at the edges of it with the washcloth. She sucked in a sharp breath. The skin was knitting together, but it wasn't a pleasant sensation. But the pain was good, Halley told herself, pain reminded her that she was actually alive. "Curses from Gringotts," she said. She turned her hand over to show him the blisters that covered the top of her hand. "Fiendfyre." His dark eyes widened, and he silently mouthed the word to himself. "How are you even alive?" Green light at the edges of her vision, the scent of damp earth and the smoke from Hagrid's clothes, people crying out for her – Halley shook her head to rid herself of it. She tried not to go back to the Forest. She wanted to keep all of the cracked pieces of her soul together. Hoard what's hers and not the festering piece of Voldemort's twisted up inside of her. "I don't know…I..." He turned her hand over to touch the inside of her wrist. Her drew circles over the pulse point. "Still alive, so you better stay that way. Now where else?" It took her another moment to find her voice. His gaze hovered over her, and she felt something warm uncoil and move in her veins. "Neck." She tilted her head back to show the thin circle of red that went around her throat. She was certain that was going to be the last time she wore a locket. Another fragment of a soul. No wonder the Diary had felt so familiar. She wondered what else made sense to her now. Gid rose. He drew the washcloth over the older burn, pushing her long, tangled hair out of the way with his other hand. There was hardly any space between them, she had a hand curled over his bicep for support, and he had his thigh pressed between her legs, aware that she only had an old pair of jeans and a bra on. Her body also remembered the shape of his, and how it took her away from misty forests and dark tents and into the rolling sunlight of new days. Tell him to leave, whispered a voice inside of her. Tell him to leave because there was obviously something wrong with her now. Maybe she was too damaged, her hands too bloodied. Maybe she didn't deserve… His eyelashes brushed the side of her cheek when he pulled back. The warm weight of his hand on her back vanished. He dropped the washcloth into the sink and turned the faucet off. Water had already spilled over, creating puddles on the floor, most murky with blood and dirt. Beg him to stay, said a louder voice. Ask him to stay, to help wash away the nightmares, needing the reassurance of hearing his heartbeat… "Please, Gideon." Halley met his gaze. "You can still stay with me." She gripped his sleeve, drawing him closer, and she took the terry cloth in her other hand. "Feeling rather over-dressed, then." "That can change." After a moment's hesitation, he started undressing. His robes joined hers on the floor, and so did the rest of his clothes until he was stripped down to his boxers. She remembered the similar sight of him like this whenever they'd gone swimming at the Burrow, or those few accidental peaks from the changing rooms, but that didn't stop her breath from hitching at seeing his broad shoulders and the freckles that dotted his pale skin. He wasn't as injured as she was – the more obvious ones were the deep cut over his collarbone, small cuts that were most likely from shards of glass, and a heavy collection of bruises on his right side. He looked down at himself, and then there was a moment when he raised his head, they were staring at each other. She wasn't used to wanting, or even allowing to want something. Her childhood before Hogwarts was a collection of pale memories, of watching her cousin Daisy swallow life whole while Halley had picked at the dregs. She had been told to be grateful then, that no one else would treat her with any kindness. Then came the letter and Hogwarts, and Halley was allowed –no, not allowed. The word had connotations that were like chains. She was free thanks to the letter. Free to have friends, to life a life full of choices. And now she had a new kind of freedom. No more prophecies and an inherited war, and no having her soul tied to Tom Riddle's. A myriad of emotions went over Gid's face, as if he was looking at a dream he was about to wake from. Who do you see? Halley wanted to ask him. Was it the girl she was before the wedding – before taking the potion – the one in her pale dress and wearing a different face, unaware of what continued horrors were to come? Or was it the girl she was now, too thin with jutting bones and scarred skin, something hollow and stitched back together again ? I can have this, I can't have this, I… But those thoughts vanished when his gaze drifted low. His hands were at the waistline of her jeans, the barest touch of his fingertips sent electric jolts over her skin. "Does it hurt anywhere else?" "I'm supposed to be helping you now," she muttered. Halley raised her head, and his face was so close to hers. She wanted…wanted what? To tell him of the memories and dreams that she would hold tight around her heart during her time hunting? How she wanted to dance with him at the wedding in her own skin? That she was afraid that this some solace her weary mind had conjured? I don't want this to be a dream, Halley thought. But the touch of Gid's splayed fingers felt real, the way they moved and cupped the small of her back, and her arms twined around his neck. I want this. I can have this. And Halley was sitting on the bathroom counter, her fingers tangled in his hair, a thrill coursing through her and kindled the warmth she felt sparking up inside. "Here." She gestured to her thin shoulder with her chin. Gid kissed her there. His mouth lingered. "And here?" The pulse point of her neck. Then, lower to the bright bruise covered over her heart. Hidden by it, she knew there was a new scar. "Yes, yes…" ºººº The kitchen in the Burrow was washed in early morning sunlight. Gid sat on the steps, watching the family clock tick, wondering if he stared hard enough, it could change the placements of the hands. He hadn't been able to get back to sleep, especially since most of the funerals were now over. He had now resorted to walking around in the Burrow during odd hours, trying to pick up every memory that was embedded in the walls, but the sight of Felicity's hand being placed at 'Dead' felt like a blow to the stomach. My sister is dead. I have friends who are dead. My ex-girlfriend died but came back. Gid stood and walked to the sink to make himself another cup of tea. He ran a hand over his face while the water boiled, as if the action could scrub away the memories of Tom's voice saying that Halley was dead. Seeing Cora Creevey's bloodied body. Tonks and Remus being perfectly still. Felicity's face frozen in the echo of a laugh. The tea kettle's sharp whistle broke through the memories. Gid let out a heavy breath that he didn't even know he was carrying. Unshed tears stung at his eyelids, but he pressed the heels of his palms against them. He had enough of crying, and Gid had done his fair share after everything with his sister's wedding back in July, and again with the last few weeks. He dumped a large amount of sugar into his tea, and he sat down in one of the ricketier chairs. He nearly drained the cup in one go, welcoming the way the liquid burned all the way down. It made him miss seeing Halley appearing in the kitchen. He shouldn't be surprised anymore by her sudden appearances, because if anyone in the house acted like a ghost, then it was her. She looked different in the early light, reminding Gid of the treasured faded photos his mum so carefully preserved. Her hair was pulled back, exposing the new scars on her skin, and so did the way she rolled up the legs of her pajama bottoms. Her vest clung to her sides, showing how thin the last few months had made her. She looked more like a faded dream, or even a ghost, Gid couldn't tell anymore, but the intangibility that draped over her scared him. As if she could one day slip away again, and he would never find her. "There's tea in the kettle," he rasped. "You weren't in your room," she said, ignoring this. She sat down next to him. You were looking for me? Gid blinked. "Yeah, I couldn't sleep. Were you having the same problem?" Halley's shoulders slumped. "What was it about this time?" he asked. He pushed his empty cup from one hand and to the other, the noise helping to fill the empty spaces between them. "And why not Rory and Hector?" "Because you understand it differently. You know what it's like to suddenly feel so fragile." Gid looked up from making his cup spin in circles. "You died. I think that would anyone feel fragile." There was a long pause, and he hated how small his voice sounded when it came out. "Did dying hurt?" It was almost an unbelievable scenario: In the growing light of day, he was talking over lukewarm tea about what dying was like with someone who had actually experienced it. Halley shifted in her seat. She rolled her shoulders. The gestures changed her posture, making her appear ages older. "It's…it's like suddenly falling asleep after having a long day, and now I don't know how living should feel." The expression faded as a new one replaced it. She closed her eyes. "My turn, what was it like for you the summer after being possessed?" The tangibility she had gained vanished, and