Summary: [HG/SS] Crackfic. For as long as she'd been alive, Hermione was sure she had the worst luck ever. AU A/N: I blame Mulder. Beta Love: The Dragon and the Rose, Dutchgirl01, Flyby Commander Shepard Trigger warning: Arachnids. Cute and adorable, but still arachnids. As Luck Would Have It Diligence is the mother of good luck. - Benjamin Franklin "Albus, this can't be a part of the prophecy!" Minerva said, wringing her hands. "The Potter family is safe, yes? You made certain of that?" "They are all living in a secret-kept location, Minerva, there is nothing more I can do for them." "A secret kept by that fidgety boy, Pettigrew?" "They've been the best of friends since they were eleven, Minerva," Dumbledore said with a sigh. "Just because your whiskers twitch whenever you think of him—" "Albus, it's far more than just a whisker twitch! I'm telling you, and I've been telling you, that there is something terribly unhealthy in that group!" "They are in a safe place, Minerva, and they haven't made a peep of their location. They are as safe as they can possibly be," Albus replied. "But this, Albus? This isn't about a prophecy, this is murder! Plain, brutal, heartless murder!" A baby's cry suddenly pierced the unholy silence, and Minerva's eyes went very wide. "Merlin—" "Minerva, wait!" The Scottish witch was a blur of motion as she darted up the stairs, leaving Albus alone with the victims of the latest rash of Death Eater murders. He rubbed his temples with his fingers, having seen far too many such scenes play out of late. All of them had ended exactly the same. Entire families were wiped off the face of Creation, leaving no one or nothing alive. The baby's cries turned to coos as Minerva's voice crooned to an infant. Except for this time. This time there was a survivor. "Ah, my bonnie lass, you're alive!" Minerva said as she came down the stairs. "You were born under a lucky star," she comforted the baby as she looked around with confusion. The child was no swaddled infant, and she had on a loose nightgown that looked a lot like adult robes only in soft, plush fabric. She had a halo of riotous curls that sprouted off her head like a tangle of brambles that at any moment might mutate into a Venomous Tentacula. "Da!" she cried clapping her little hands against Minerva's face. "Ach, no, my wee lass. You don't know it, but Kendric and Margaret are—well, they loved you very much, my dear." Minerva's face twisted in pain. "My dear Iona. I'm afraid I'm the only family you have left now." "Minerva you can't possibly mean to keep her. There is a war going on, and you are front and center!" "I cannot leave her, Albus! She's kin! Kendric and Margaret were one of the few that actually supported the Order. They defied You-Know-Who because they believed! We cannae jist lae 'er tae rot in unknown hands!" Minerva's lilt went up a notch as she cradled the baby against her. "They kept 'er safe fur a body year, Albus! No one but I even know they had Iona!" Albus frowned. The name hadn't been McGonagall, so that oversight had come as a true surprise. "They're actually McGonagalls?" "Nae," Minerva said. "Conall's on me mam's side. Mam's name was Ross before she married, but she an' her family were magical. Albus frowned, unhappy with being unaware of something so obvious yet as simply hidden with the lack of a blatantly Scottish-sounding name. It disturbed him that he'd missed something as big as Minerva having family that had been in the Order without his even realising it, though whether that was what was truly bothering him or that Minerva, herself, had such a strong sense of kin rearing up remained to be seen. The truth was, most people in Britain didn't pay much attention to Scottish lineage, and that included the purebloods who traced back to the supposed Sacred 28. They never considered other lineages that rooted themselves in a history like the Scots or even Ireland or any other outside country. To many in the magical world, it was rooted in British Wizarding prejudice, so many families that were technically magical up to their eyeteeth were still being treated as if they were half-blood or Muggleborn. It did not please Albus that he had been caught unawares due to being found guilty of that very same oversight. There were magical people all over the world, and it was ludicrous that "pureblood" magical people were based out of twenty eight predominantly WASP lineages. There were a few exceedingly rare exceptions, like the Shacklebolts and Zabinis, but they were outnumbered. "Minerva," Albus said. "This is war. You cannot hope to take care of such a young child while dodging scores of Death Eaters." "I will find a way, Albus," the Scottish witch insisted, hugging the infant to herself tightly. She removed a pendant from around her neck and placed it around the baby's, where it magically resized: a shimmering Scottish thistle. "McGonagalls always find a way." There was a resounding crack as the witch and baby disappeared. "Of course we'll take care of her, Minerva," Hollie said as she brushed the sniffling little girl's curls away from her face. "Paul and I have been trying to have children for so very long, you know that." "Will there be any trouble with the adoption?" Paul asked, smiling warmly as the little girl pressed her hands to his face and looked straight into his eyes. "Nae, I took care of it," Minerva assured him. "You can sign the papers in the morning." Hollie squeezed her husband's hand, and he smiled back at her with nothing short of joy. "I'm sorry this comes at the expense of your great-niece, Minerva," Paul said. "Are you sure you wish us to raise her as just a daughter of a pair of dentists? I know we're Squibs and all, but we could at least—" "It will be much safer for her, Paul," Minerva said. "Right now, being a Muggle is probably the best protection she could possibly have." Hollie nodded. "I understand." "I'm truly sorry, Minerva," Paul said, squeezing Minerva's shoulder comfortingly. "Kendric and Margaret were so very brave," Minerva said. "As much as I would love to keep her at my side, I realise that it would not be safe for her right now. No one knows that Iona was even born, and that will help keep her safe from Death Eaters." Hollie shuddered. "I'm almost glad both of our parents moved across the pond. Not that it is any guarantee of safety, but—" Minerva nodded. "Aye." She tilted her head. "Do you have a name for her?" "Hermione," the couple said together. Minerva lifted an eyebrow. "Shakespearean name," Paul explained. Minerva smiled a little despite the situation. "It's a beautiful name." "And Jean," Hollie said, "after Paul's mum." Minerva hugged them both. "I must go before I cannot will myself to leave." The couple smiled at her, clearly understanding. "You know, Kendric and Margaret were trying for a child for so long. Margaret used to tease that the only way they'd get pregnant was if they both drank Felix Felicis." Hollie's eyes went wide. "Mum said she drank down a whole vial of it once to escape from a rather bad situation. The healers said it was the only reason she managed to survive the beatings, but she always blamed herself for me being born a Squib." Minerva shook her head. "No, lass. No one knows for sure why anyone is born a Squib. That line of thinking does you no service." Hollie nodded. "We'll take good care of her," she said to the elder witch. "We'll love her as our own," Paul insisted. Minerva's smile was accompanied by the blink back of tears as the crack of her Disapparation carried her away. "Oh my god! Oh my god!" Hollie clutched Hermione to her bosom as the young child screamed bloody murder at the spectacle of horror before them. Cars lay in their pile up only a few feet away where some drunken sod had tried to play bowling for pedestrians. As the sirens wailed and the paramedics swarmed all over the scene, Paul ran up, hugging his wife and daughter tight. "My baby!" a mother's voice cried over the carnage. "My baby is in there!" The paramedics were rolling her off on a stretcher as the injured mother cried out for her child. Hollie hugged Hermione even tighter. "I'm okay, mummy," Hermione complained, squirming in discomfort. "Thank god you didn't try to cross the street just then!" Hollie sobbed, sniffling as she wept in relief. "Come back 'ere bookworm! You owe me quid for lunch!" The bushy-haired girl fled across the schoolyard as fast as her legs could carry her. Just then, bully reached out to grab her, seizing a handful of her shirt, pulling it off. The kids laughed as Hermione shrieked in embarrassment, but her shirt whipped around into the bully's face, got tangled in a dangling flower planter, and the entire kit and kaboodle landed on him, covering him with dirt, random bits of plastic, bright pink begonias, and one baffled-looking squirrel. Meanwhile, a tiny, frail-looking elderly woman with thick spectacles came out with a broom and whacked the bully about the head and shoulders for destroying her flower planter and interrupting her peaceful afternoon of squirrel watching. "Jinx, jinx, you're a bloody jinx!" the children chanted. Hermione fled back into the school, hiding in the once place she knew the loud-mouthed terrors wouldn't follow her: the library. "It's just a sprained ankle, love," her father chided her gently. "I'm a jinx!" Hermione wailed. "It's my fault." "Oh, Hermione, don't you see?" her father said kindly. "A sprained ankle is far better than a broken one." Hermione's mother eyed the broken window where the mixing beaters has crashed their way through, landing in the nearby flower planter. She eyed her daughter with a suspicious glance. "I'm so sorry!" Hermione gushed. Hollie shook her head. "I'm just glad they missed my head, love. Help me clean up the mess, will you?" The mail carrier lay flat in the front garden, envelopes scattered everywhere. A white, spotted owl hooted in distress, having been pinned by the unfortunate carrier of land-mail after having been shot out of the sky by a random out of bounds soccer ball. Hermione stood in the doorway of the house, a look of pure horror on her face. "Mr Wilkerson! I'm so sorry! Do you need me to call 999?" The mail carrier groaned, spitting out a mouthful of white feathers. "I'm okay, miss Hermione," he grunted, rolling onto his back. Just then, there was an explosion from a neighbor's home and a water heater shot up from the house like a rocket and smashed into the mail carrier's vehicle, right where he would have been sitting had he not been waylaid by a soccer-ball owl victim. Fire and steam spewed up from the afflicted vehicle as Hermione ran into the house, yelling frantically for her mum. Hermione picked up the tiny black kitten from the middle of the street, carrying it back to safety. She set it down as the calico mother ran up and grasped the kitten by the scruff and carried it off into the hedges. A truck zoomed by, covering Hermione in mud and silt. She sputtered, trying to wipe her eyes so she could see. The truck, having passed her, missed the brightly coloured orange pylons marking the ongoing street maintenance project, and its front tire sank into the exposed hole as the workers went diving in all directions to avoid being run over. Sirens blared as police cars zoomed to the scene. Police poured out of vehicles, pointing weapons at the runaway truck. "It's over, Marley!" one of the officers said.