Summary: [HG/SS] AU: Neville's nervous twitch causes a really severe potions explosion that hits his lab partner, Hermione Granger. Her life is drastically changed forever. [Completely Crack] A/N: I blame Mulder AND Scully because… monsters! Beta Love: The Dragon and the Rose, Dutchgirl01, Flyby Commander Shepard Serpentkind Snakes are sometimes perceived as evil, but they are also perceived as medicine. If you look at an ambulance, there's the two snakes on the side of the ambulance. The caduceus, or the staff of Hermes, there's the two snakes going up it, which means that the venom can also be healing. - Nicolas Cage Neville trembled, his hands shaking as he tried to turn the pages of his potions book. He squinted to read the writing on the board, but he couldn't make out the words. "Hey, did you need glasses?" Hermione asked, startling him. "Whu-wha?" Neville meeped, almost leaving his chair. "Easy, Neville," Hermione placated. She buried herself into her bookbag. "Which potion does the board say?" Neville squinted at the board. "Uh—the ffff… frightening potion." Hermione frowned. "I don't remember seeing that on our list for first years." "That's what it is!" Neville yelled, raising his voice. "Why do you always question me?" Hermione pulled back. "Whoa! Alright. I can't see the board from here thanks to Crabbe and Goyle's bodies. I just wanted to make sure." Neville pursed his lips. "Look, I made the base already, okay, so it's your turn to start the potion off," Hermione said. "You will make this potion SILENTLY, Miss Granger. Five points from Gryffindor for being incapable of following basic instructions." Hermione paled, biting her lip. She looked over to where Harry was beating Ron with a book to get him to pay attention. Everyone in the room seemed to be struggling. She'd learned the last time she tried to help anyone, she lost Gryffindor about twenty-five points before Harry and Ron and told her to shut the hell up. That, of course, caused Professor Snape to dock five points more from each of them, and the whole of Gryffindor thought it would be great if they magicked a gag over her mouth for the entire night. Professor McGonagall had found her, eventually, crying and gagged as she hid behind the sculptures. Of course, when she'd asked what happened, Hermione had told the truth, and that caused McGonagall herself to take points from her own House, and most of Gryffindor hated her even more because of it. Since they couldn't outright beat on her, they'd taken to other sorts of ways of persuading her to keep her mouth shut— like kicking her kitten, trapping the little calico in the suits of armour in the hallway and blaming it on Peeves. Hermione had given her to Minerva, begging her to find her a better home— telling her that she wasn't safe to be around. McGonagall had frowned, tried to reassure her, but eventually honoured her wishes, saddened that Hermione was so picked on in a way that even trying to punish the wrongdoers was just getting her more grief. Minerva had sought an audience with the Headmaster, and after a lengthy discussion, he had given her authorisation to give her a private quarters to retreat to. The room was connected to her own, so the chances of Hermione being bullied were far less— at least at night. There was nothing she could do about the day-to-day grudges. Fortunately for Hermione, at least, her best friends were books, but there were times when Minerva did a little cognitive therapy of her own and sneaked into Hermione's lap as a tabby. Thankfully, thanks to an influx of suspiciously identical silver tabbies at Hogwarts, no one seemed to notice her, despite her distinctive spectacle-like markings. That was all fine and well for Minerva, and as an added bonus, Hermione was able to cuddle the Deputy Headmistress without guilt— as long as she treated her professor appropriately in public, anyway. "Your potion isn't going to make itself, Mr Longbottom," Snape's voice causing all of Slytherin to turn and stare at the boy in question. "And Miss Granger, if I see you doing his work for him, it will be another five points from Gryffindor." Hermione twisted her hands in her lap and stared down at her book. Neville nervously reached for Hermione's potions kit. "Mr Longbottom, if you did not come prepared to class, you will lose more points for Gryffindor. At this rate, every House will be safely above yours, hrm?" Neville frantically fumbled with his bag to pull out his potions kit, even more panicked as he realised his kit was missing. Hermione noticed that the Slytherin tables were whispering and chortling, passing something around. Her face twisted in conflict. If she said something, they would lose points. If she didn't say something, Neville would lose even more points for not being prepared. But, if she did say something, then Slytherin would have even more a grudge to pay back— Fortunately, the decision was taken out of her hands by fate, and the pouch of potion ingredients went crashing to the floor when Crabbe impatiently held out the handoff to someone at another table and let it drop before it actually landed in their hand. Snape's eyes narrowed as he put his hands on the edge of the table. "Mr Crabbe, how kind of you to find Mr Longbottom's potion kit. Do prove to your classmates that Slytherin is not a house of incompetents and fools and give it back to him." Realising perhaps that Snape had just given him an out, Crabbe picked up the potions kit and set it down in front of Neville before going back to his seat. Snape scowled. "Five points to Slytherin for returning Mr Longbottom's potions kit." "But—" a voice started to say toward the back of the classroom and was immediately hissed silent by their classmates. "Did you say something, Mr Finnegan ?" "No, sir," Seamus said, gritting his teeth. "The formula is on the board. Do try not to hurt yourself reading," Snape growled testily. Hermione, who sought to position herself to better see the board, ultimately failed. She had to trust her partner to read the board, only— she didn't trust her partner. She was pretty sure that Neville desperately needed a pair of glasses. Neville pressed his entire face into the book, confirming to Hermione that they were utterly doomed. If she said anything again or even tried to help him, Professor Snape would dock her points into the next year into the negatives, and the entire House would want to lynch them both. Want? More like would— they would definitely find a way to feed the pair of them to the giant squid. And, much like a self-fulfilling prophecy, Hermione watched as Neville picked out a packet from his kit and fumbled clumsily with the strings. She scanned her book quickly, flipping the pages frantically. Suddenly, the ball beside Neville began to glow bright red, and Professor Snape stood up, looking like he was going to say something. Neville, seeing Snape striding quickly towards him, panicked, fumbled with the parcel, and down it went into the bubbling cauldron—along with his entire kit, the glowing red ball (was that his Remembrall?) and— " No, Neville! Watch out for Trevor! " Hermione cried, lunging to push Neville out of the way in order to keep Trevor the toad from leaping right into the boiling cauldron of fatality. Her hands wrapped around Trevor, keeping from hitting the boiling cauldron by mere inches, and whirled around just as Trevor hopped right out of her hands to land smack on Millicent Bulstrode's face. The young witch screeched in disgust, beating on her head and chest to get the frightened toad off of her, sending a sizeable cloud of assorted potion ingredients flying into the air. A brightly coloured piece of shimmering— something—flew off Vincent Crabbe's hands as he pried the toad off Millicent's face and drifted as if in slow motion down into the cauldron. Burble. Burble. KABOOM! Her cauldron blew up, sending it splattering onto the rafters above— And down on everything else below. Plop. A large splat landed in Neville and Hermione's cauldron. Everything seemed to slow down in the ensuing panic, Hermione saw her potions professor send out a spell to shelter his students from the secondary explosion. At first, he tried to shield the cauldron and vanish the contents, but the spell fizzled as the cauldron seemed to resist any attempt to control it from that end. Professor Snape quickly cast another spell and a wave of his magic, like a glistening bubble, moved from the outside of the room in, enveloping each student within a bubble of protection. There was a bubble coming towards her and Neville, but Neville was panicking and trying to run away from it. Hearing her father recite the quote, "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing," she reached her arm out, grabbed Neville by the waist, and flung him toward the protective bubble even as she, too, tried to make it. BOOOOOOOOOM! Everything for Hermione Granger went black. Hermione opened her eyes and realised she had a problem. She couldn't see. She frantically tried to touch her face and realised there was something covering her eyes. Was she burned? Had her eyes been damaged? Instinct told her to rip it off of her face and find out, but her parents would have told her that if a doctor told you to shield your eyes, it was for a very good reason. What reason? Did the potion explode and burn her face? "Easy now." "We're here." "Don't hurt yourself." Hermione froze. The voices were close, but soothing. Who was that? She didn't recognise the voices. Despite knowing her eyes were covered, she could make out blurry vision, like one of the heat cameras that her father had shown her— only it was disjointed and in multiples like she was doing a vision test at the opthamologist's office. "Tell me when the images line up, little miss," her doctor would say. Ultimately, her vision did not require correction, but she always thought it was a fun test and tried to read the fine line of micro-print as an amusing challenge. "You should ssssleep," a soothing voice said. "Yesss, sssleep." "We'll be here when you awake." "Resst easy." Feeling the exhaustion hitting from all sides, she did as she was told, sleep claiming her almost instantly. "Severus, I fear you are going to have to be the one to assist Miss Granger." "Me? Why are you looking at me like that, Albus?" "Because it wasn't a potion that petrified Mr Finnegan and Miss Brown, Severus," Dumbledore said meaningfully. "Well, I certainly didn't do it!" "I'm not saying you did, Severus," Albus said placatingly, his blue eyes widening as he gave Severus the stare over his half-moon glasses. "What are you saying, Albus?" "I'm saying, Severus, that you need to go behind this screen. Then, I believe, you'll understand." "I am not a healer, Albus," Severus said. "A healer is not what we need here, Severus," Albus said. "Please, just— walk around the corner and look?" Snape curled his lip with loathing. "Fine," he said. He stormed around the corner like a petulant child being told to clean his room or pouting that he didn't get ice cream. Silence. Snape walked back around the corner, his face looking far paler than usual. "Do you see the situation, Severus?" "How did this happen? When I brought her up here, she was— well, she wasn't like that!" Snape said. "Apparently the physical characteristics didn't, erm, grow in until later," Albus said with a sigh. "Poppy has done as much as she can, but as you can see, all she can do is as long as she has a blindfold on." "I've contacted my people over at