A/N : Story Please has writer's block and has requested some fluff. Thing is… I have writer's block too, so—- ARGH! Beta Love: The Dragon and the Rose, Dutchgirl01, & the Flyby Commander Shepard Thief in the Night " It is not needful for our dreams to be very grand nor very big. It is only needful for our dreams to be very shiny." ― C. JoyBell C. Things were disappearing around Hogwarts, and no one knew why . At first everyone blamed the twins, but then they realised the twins hadn't been around in quite some time. The teachers blamed some student pranksters, but they could never find who— somehow whoever it was had managed to remain undetected by everyone, even Mr Filch. Teacups, forks, chandelier crystals, baubles, galleons, bracelets, and even Dumbledore's sherbet lemons were disappearing. The only one who wasn't complaining was Pomona, who swore that ever since things started disappearing, the snail problem in her greenhouse was, well, no longer a problem. Madam Pomfrey was frustrated because all of her jars of bruise balm had disappeared into the Nether without so much as a farewell or a forwarding address, and she had to have Severus brew her another batch. The Headmaster was having issues keeping his stash of sherbet lemons stocked, and all he had left were licorice snaps, which had an annoying tendency to bite him before he could eat them. "I have no idea what is causing this, Headmaster," Minerva said as she plopped down the pile of parchments on Albus' desk. The headmaster's desk was strangely missing a lot of his normal decorative bling. His fancy quills were missing from his desk, his candy dish was empty, and— "Where is Fawkes' perch?" Minerva asked, frowning. "Only Merlin and the gods know, Minerva," Albus said, rubbing the space between his eyes with his fingers. Fawkes chirped forlornly as he sat in a makeshift nest of parchments on Albus' desk. "You do— ward your office, yes?" Minerva asked, eyes cast to the side to avoid being confrontational. "Oh, believe me, this office has ample wards, but things still disappear." "The portraits?" "Nothing," Albus answered, clearly puzzled. "Frankly I'm surprised they haven't been losing things too." "Have you considered bringing in the Aurors, Albus? Perhaps someone put a curse—" "No, Minerva, I checked. There is no curse," Albus muttered. "Have you lost anything?" Minerva shrugged. "A few of my special tea-tins," she said. "That I know of." "And the students? Have they lost anything that prevents them from going to class?" Albus asked. "No, just things that make them going to class a little more—" Minerva paused. "Challenging. Some of them are missing a few buttons, belt buckles, and fasteners, and their transfiguration skill is rather less than might be desired." "Well, they can't all be you, Minerva," Albus pointed out. "Have you asked Hagrid if he's had any— things in his possession that he shouldn't have?" Minerva asked. She gave Albus the eye. Albus shook his head. "No, nothing that would steal tea tins and my lemon sherbets as well as Fawkes' perch. I can't even move that thing without magic, so—" Minerva let out a tired sigh. "I'm going to my last class." "I know you stole them!" "Stole what? " " You bloody nicked my chocolate snitches!" a red-faced Ron bellowed, getting up in Seamus' face. " I did not!" Seamus yelled back. "I have a chocolate allergy after Neville blew up his cauldron next to me last week! Pomfrey said it'll be at least a month before it's even safe for me to drink a glass of chocolate milk!" Ron's face turned red. "Fine, maybe it wasn't you, but someone here DID steal my chocolate!" "Merlin, Ron, just stop yelling, mate. I'll buy you an entire case of the bloody things when we go to Hogsmeade this weekend, if you'll just stop carrying on and accusing everyone of stealing your shite." Harry rubbed his eyelids with his index fingers. "So I can feel indebted to you?!" Ron snorted rudely. "Aw, fuck me sideways," another Gryffindor cursed, rolling his eyes and stalking out of the common room. "You know I'm not trying to make you feel indeb—" "You know I can't afford to get them that often! You are deliberately trying to humiliate me!" "Trust me, mate, you're doing that all on your own," Neville muttered as he picked up his cactus and walked up the dormitory stairs. "We've all lost stuff, Ron, just let it go for Merlin's sake," Harry groaned, trying to finish the last of his Potions essay. "Easy for you to say, you get to buy all the new stuff with your godfather ever since he was cleared of all charges!" "What does that even have to DO with anything?" "I just want what's mine," Ron snapped. "I bought them with my money. Mine . Not yours or anyone else's. They belong to me ." "You know what else belongs to you?" Harry bit out, standing up to gather his things. "Consequences." He gathered up his books and headed for the portal. "You want to keep pissing and moaning about your ruddy chocolate? Bloody fine, you go right ahead, mate. I'm going to go find Hermione and study." "Too good for the rest of us?" Ron spat. "Ron, this is our last year at Hogwarts," Harry said. "I want to enter the Auror training program when I leave here. We're going to be taking our N.E.W.T.s in just a month from now. Hermione has already surpassed us all by starting an apprenticeship with Professor McGonagall. Hell, she's already passed her N.E.W.T.S and has a job and she hasn't even left Hogwarts yet. We all need to think about what's going to happen when we leave here, Ron." Ron shook his head in disgust and stormed up the steps to the boys' dorms. "What ever , mate." Severus was lucky to be alive. After having broken up multiple fights in the hallways over people accusing other people of stealing their stuff, grading papers, he had just barely gotten to sleep when he was awakened by the all-too-familiar accursed burning in his left forearm. Dragging himself up by sheer will, he was barely conscious enough to pull on the right set of robes and his mask for the meeting. He arrived just in time to duck a lethal green beam of magic as one of the Death Eaters was having a highly animated "discussion" with another. Bellatrix' wild hair and even wilder wand-waving habits was focused as hatefully as she did everything she did in her life— with a strange love for pain and the discomfort of anyone around her. Pettigrew had obviously said something offensive to her, and with Bella that could range from the way she preferred her eggs to how she liked her victims tortured. Even other Death Eaters thought she was completely mental. No one liked to admit that there was a really good chance that her problems had been related to her hereditary as well as her upbringing— all that inbreeding in the Pureblood lines had made Bella one dozen short of a baker's dozen. To admit that something was actually WRONG with Bellatrix was to admit that the entire argument for strict Pureblood breeding was wrong. Arguably, Severus was pretty sure the entire Black family had more than just a few screws loose— some of them were entirely sodding missing. Was it really any wonder that some of the most powerful if not the most powerful magic-wielders were of mixed or even entirely Muggle blood? "Bella," the Dark Lord's voice was like black ice— as dangerous as it was invisible and smooth. "I still require Wormtail's dutiful work. You will immediately desist your testing his dodging abilities." "Yes, my Loooord," she purred, elongating her grovel, never realising just how bad it sounded. It was no secret that Bellatrix preferred the Dark Lord's side to anyone else's, including that of her own husband, Rodolphus. Rumour had it that Rodolphus pretended that every victim was actually Bellatrix— so great was his fury that his wife never gave him a moment's notice, much less a child to carry on the family line. Her focus distracted from Wormtail, Bellatrix then decided to sneer at Severus, and she rubbed her wand with a lover's caress, running her tongue along the tip in a perverse lick as she sauntered over to him. "Severus," she hissed. "Shouldn't you be babysitting all the filthy little Mudbloods and your fellow half-bloods?" "I was summoned here just as you were," Severus answered, his black eyes narrowing in distaste. "Oh, I rather doubt that," Bellatrix said in a gratingly childish, sing-song voice. "We have such important business to attend to tonight." "Which is why he is here, Bellatrix," the Dark Lord said coldly, moving into the next room. "Do not make me set my gaze upon you again over this infantile grudge you continue to harbour." Bellatrix groveled, casting her eyes down and gliding by his side like a dog at its master's side. Snape curled his lip. An almost-rabid dog at that. "We shall start without the usual formalities," Voldemort said, his oddly reptilian face crinkling in distaste. "There are certain matters which need to be taken care of as soon as possible." He gestured with his hand, and a sheet white Draco Malfoy was shoved bodily into the room. The young wizard's mouth was spelled together, with his tongue firmly affixed to the roof of his mouth. "We will begin with the family of failure," Voldemort sneered. A very pale Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy sat stiffly in their seats, either unable or unwilling to protest. "The boy wished to prove himself a man when you could not, Lucius. How sad for you that your own failures fall to your inept son to fix for you," Voldemort said. "Of course, being the… fair sort of man that I am, I gave young Draco the opportunity to rectify his father's ignominious failure to obtain the prophecy with a very simple task." Voldemort's red eyes narrowed as he stared at Draco, running a clawed finger under his chin. "A task which he has failed not merely once , but multiple times." "Severus, did you know that Lucius' lady wife wanted to run to you and persuade you to swear, under oath, to protect her son?" Voldemort asked. "Against my specific orders." Narcissa's eyes went very wide as Bellatrix' head snapped up, a predatory look of sadistic glee on her almost-skeletally thin face. "No, my lord," Snape said calmly, his face set like stone. " Crucio!" the Dark Lord yelled, and Severus went flying out of his chair, his body convulsing wildly as every muscle spasmed against his will in complete and utter agony. Voldemort took Severus' chin between his clawed fingers and stared deep into Severus' eyes. His eyes narrowed after a bit. "I believe you, Severus," he said in a nasally hiss, walking coolly past his body as if Severus was just reclining there for his comfort. Bellatrix slumped in her chair, seemingly sad that she wouldn't get to torture Snape over her sister, but the witch was not giving up. She seemed just as eager to catch her sister (or anyone else for that matter) at something "bad". "Anyway, seeing as I cannot seem to get success out of the entire Malfoy family, I fear it is time to show you, Lucius, what happens when you fail. I believe I've been more than generous with you for— old time's sake. I even gave your son the Mark because he so firmly swore his loyalty to our great cause. However, I see that such sentiment truly means nothing to you and yours." "Please, my Lord!" Lucius blurted. "Let me—" A piercing glare from Voldemort caused Lucius to swallow his words. "Your time is over , Lucius," he said coldly. "I warned you what would happen if