Summary: [HG/SS] AU/NC Once upon a time, Bellatrix Lestrange created a monstrous beast to do her bidding. However, it doesn't work out quite the way she planned. The beast escapes the hands of one master only to be enslaved by another— one that no one believed would ever do such a thing. The war is now over, and all the masters and puppeteers are dead and gone, but some wounds will remain unhealed as long as certain memories remain hidden. Can either Hermione or Severus find happiness in the wake of a devastating war? Warnings: Bad Weasels. Bad Dumbles. Bad Bellatrix (duh). Torture. Manipulation. Dark intent. Manipulative old coot. A/N: Homework. Lack of inspiration. Blah Also, Dutchgirl01 really wanted a new S/H story, so here goes. I've been working on a non-HP/fan-fic challenge every month along with all the homework/exams/etc. It's taking a lot out of me, and inspiration has been very lacking in the areas I need it in. As with all of my more upbeat stories, inspiration requires the proper mood, and let me tell you about trying to keep a good mood while staring at countless assignments and projects. Yeah— about that. Many thanks for those of you who have shown such gracious understanding that homework and RL MUST come first, and please send homemade biscuits to Dutchgirl01 and churros to Dragon and the Rose for being stalwart rocks to cling to through my turbulent life. Dragon's Note: Please send fresh elephant ears to Raven to feed her struggling muse, hey? Beta Love: The Dragon and the Rose, Dutchgirl01, Flyby Commander Shepard Bookworm and the Beast Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer. Jean de La Fontaine "Blah." Hermione set down the ladle she was stirring with. "Really? That's all you can say?" "Dunderheads. Imbeciles." Hermione arched a brow. "Nothing new there." Snape made a scowling face, his brows furrowing as he glared into the cauldron he was stirring. The shimmering green potion switched from bright green to a sickly yellow and back. "I don't think this antidote is going to work," Severus said, his lip curling with disdain. "He shall be doomed to be a were-Tentacula for the rest of his life." Hermione sighed, shaking her head. "I know you don't have a good rapport with Neville, Severus, but for once it wasn't his fault." Snape wrinkled his nose. "Put them all together in a room alone with no supervision and someone is going to die before the sun sets." Hermione winced. "Surely they aren't that bad." He gave her a scathing look. Hermione waved her hands frantically. "I suppose I can take comfort in the fact that Mr Longbottom's transformation landed the Weasel in the infirmary getting a great many antivenin shots and potions. Serves him right for using Neville as an excuse to keep visiting Hogwarts after he should have been long gone from these halls. Mr Longbottom has enough work to do herding incompetent children that he should not have time to properly babysit an incompetent adult." "Way to look on the bright side, Severus," Hermione muttered, pouring the potion she was working on into separate flasks. "If Longbottom is indeed a true were-Tentacula," Severus said, "now Mr Weasley will be sprouting tentacles and have an even worse temper three nights of the month." Hermione twitched. "He was bad enough without that," she agreed. "Let's just hope they don't mate when transformed," Snape said. "Pomona will be beside herself with a bunch of baby Tentacula seedlings taking over her greenhouse." "Would that— could that— uh— oh, bother," Hermione said, shuddering. "I knew there was a reason I didn't like Herbology nearly as much as Arithmancy. I didn't hate Herbology, but I didn't like getting beaten up by mandrakes when they tried to knock your earmuffs off." Hermione flushed. "I ended up stunning mine so I could repot it without all the flailing and screaming." Snape blinked. "You used a stunner on a plant ?" Hermione looked shifty. "Yes?" The potions master's shoulders quaked with suppressed laughter. "I'm willing to bet no one else thought of that either. Hell, I wish that I had back in the day." "Professor Sprout never has to use stunners on her plants," Hermione said dejectedly. "Professor Sprout is a plant, I think," Severus mused. "That's her superpower. I swear she only looks human for our benefit." Hermione's jaw worked up and down, but no sound came out. "Paying too much attention to the stories of the dungeon bat instead of Professor Sprout?" Severus arched a brow. "Erm—" Hermione trailed off. "To be fair, you have a sexier voice." Severus almost dropped the spoon into the cauldron and tipped over some ingredients. He cursed under his breath, trying to get things back under control. "I, uh— IhavetogodeliverthistoMinervanow," she said at once, scooping up her potions, Scourgify- ing the cauldron clean, and rushing out the potions laboratory with a flushed face and her mane of curly hair standing on end. Snape's expression was utterly deadpan, but his dark eyes stared a hole where the exit of the younger professor had made her exit with all due haste. " What the fuck are you doing, Bellatrix?!" " Awww, don't get all bent out of shape, little baby brother-in-law," Bellatrix cooed over Severus' screams. "I'm just giving little bitty Sev'rus here all the power he always wanted to scare everyone. The Dark Lord will be so pleased." " We do not harm our own!" Lucius yelled. " Oh, but he's not really," Bella cooed. "He's just a dirty little half-blood wannabe. His heart belongs to that Mudblood bitch who will never love him. She won't even forgive him!" " Tell you what, Sev'russsssss," Bella cooed. "I'll even give you an out. I'll say—" She waved her wand over him. "Love's mutual touch shall bring peace to the beast, and only then shall your pain decrease. Should three nights pass in your embrace, then, and only then shall my curse erase." A bright green beam hit Severus in the chest, and his body arched, twisted, and cracked as every bone in his body shifted, distorted, and grew. " I bind you to my service, now and for—" Suddenly, Lucius yelled, " Expelliarmus!" and Bella's wand went flying before her spell could be completed. Severus stood in the binding circle, his body twisted hideously and transformed into that of an enormous, slavering beast. Pitch black wings unfurled from his back as a sickly green venom dripped from his fangs and multiple lines of shark-like teeth. Lucius took his foot and broke the salt circle surrounding his friend, his eyes imploring Severus to flee. Severus' black eyes glowed with an eerie greenish light. He flung himself up and crashed through the roof of the shack he had been forced to remain prisoner in. Rubble and debris fell from the gaping hole as a long, baleful howl of anguish echoed across the moors. Severus bolted out of his bed in a cold sweat, shivering. Even now, when Minerva had moved his quarters out of the dungeon and into a set of chambers facing an inner courtyard, he felt as though he were back in the cold and damp again. Ever since the elder witch had taken up the reins of headmistress of Hogwarts, life had been much improved for everyone, and she had even advocated that Slytherin be moved into a tower like all the other houses and the old dorms and common room be converted into a fascinating subterranean observatory of Black Lake. She'd even moved Argus and Mrs Norris out of the oddball closet the pair had been living in and into a comfortable little cottage out on the green to give the old squib some well-deserved privacy when he wasn't performing his official Hogwarts duties from within his former-residence-now-office. Her rationale to the Board of Governors had been if Rubeus Hagrid could have an outdoor hut, surely the other professors could have quarters that fit them as well. Aurora had a beautiful set-up in the Astronomy tower, and that had significantly cut down on the number of students trying to sneak up there to snog or— well, what most teenagers were wont to do. Poppy Pomfrey and her medi-witch team had their private quarters linked together with a common room to cut down on the frantic running around when emergencies happened. Rolanda had a bird's eye "crow's nest" overlooking the Quidditch pitch and recreational green. Flitwick had a charming abode overlooking Black Lake that was connected to the Charms classrooms. The list went on, but Severus was, even if he didn't say it specifically, highly impressed with the work Minerva had put into making life better for Hogwarts students as well as the teachers and staff. One of the main changes she had put in place was to create an all-house common room where students could mingle, study, and be together instead of being confined to their respective common rooms. She was tired of the bigotry, she had said. " They start out as children, Severus," Minerva had said. " All of them start out precisely the same. They all possess the gift of magic and they are all frightened eleven-year-olds who desperately want, nay, need to fit in. We can't just segregate them all first thing. What message does that send? How do you promote tolerance and acceptance when we immediately shove them into segregated living spaces? Let them keep the private sleeping towers and even their house common rooms, but we have to give them a place where they can socialise together. During the Battle of Hogwarts, we all fought together, side-by-side. We died together. We cannot let them forget that what those who came before did endure to give them what they have now. That includes you, Severus." Minerva had never completely forgiven Albus for keeping Severus' role in the war one of his deepest secrets. She had almost finished forgiving Severus for keeping it from her as well. The difference had been that Severus was alive to smother with Animagus cat cuddles and lap-kneading, headbonks in public, leaving patches of silvery cat hair on his robes, and other such feline forms of retribution. In public, he scowled, but privately he had quite a soft spot for the Scottish witch. Severus grunted, clutching his hand with the other. His hands were twisting, stretching into something inhuman. The spell Albus had cast on him to suppress Bellatrix' curse was beginning to unravel. Worse, his appearance was starting to revert back to how it had been when he had first been cursed. His wrinkles were smoothing out. His hair was growing longer. His veins were disappearing— at least in his human countenance. His OTHER aspect was probably the furthest thing from human as one could possibly become. Thankfully, his long robes covered most of it, and as long as he didn't smile, which wasn't exactly difficult or unexpected of him, his teeth didn't give away their very inhuman appearance. Glamours would do, he supposed, if he really had to, but what he really needed was to get rid of the curse. A curse that Bellatrix, herself, had specifically designed to not have a counter. Who could ever be attracted to him ? How about a specimen of tall, dark, and slavery? Not bloody likely . Lucius had spent a great many galleons trying to find a way to break the curse on Severus before the Dark Lord's return. Nothing had worked. Now, Lucius was lucky to have even a fraction of his fortune after the Dark Lord had squatted in his manse for a great many months and had freely used his funds to grease the wheels of so many people of influence. Hell, he was lucky to have his freedom and that of his wife and son as well. The Malfoy family now owed a great debt of more than merely gratitude to one Master and Professor Granger for