[Summary] : [HG/SS] Ron and Ginny decide Hermione is monopolising Harry's time during the Triwizard Tournament, so they put their heads together with a little surprise Tom Riddle shared with Ginny back when she had his diary. A/N: This one is from The Dragon and the Rose Beta Love: The Dragon and the Rose, Dutchgirl01, and the Flyby Commander Shepard Warning: bad Weasleys Who Needs Enemies With Friends Like This? I am a little world made cunningly Of elements, and an angelic sprite, But black sin hath betrayed to endless night My world's both parts, and oh, Both parts must die — Holy Sonnet 5, by John Donne "Detention for you Mr Malfoy! Detention for your abuse of my lovely books!" "But I didn't—" " DETENTION FOR DENYING IT!" Pince screeched. " Out! Out of my library this instant!" Draco Malfoy looked like he was going to protest when he decided better of it, storming out of the library with his homework. Meanwhile, Ginny and Ron rushed out under the cover of Draco's drama, smiling as they liberated a particular book from the shelves. "You sure this is going to work?" Ron asked Ginny. "Yes, Tom's diary was very clear on it. He said it was special . A guaranteed way to get someone who was annoying me out of my way. I just never used it," Ginny said. Ron shrugged. "How do you know she's going to open it?" Ginny smiled as she tapped her wand to a book, transferring the cover over. "Hey, that's Hermione's Potions book!" Ginny gave him a look. "You asked how we're going to get her to open it, didn't you?" Ron blinked. "Oh, right. You sure this is going to work?" "Of course it will work. Hermione has been spending all her time trying to get Harry ready for the next task in the tournament and he doesn't even pay any attention to us at all. With her out of the way, we can help him instead, and he'll come to realise that he doesn't really need Hermione all the time." Ginny crossed her arms and scowled. "Okay, okay I believe you. I just hope it does what you say it does," Ron said. "It's time Harry remembered who's really there for him." It was bad enough that Potter had gotten himself caught up in a binding contract with the Goblet of Fire, but someone had been stealing Polyjuice ingredients from his storeroom. On top of that, someone had also nicked some of his Gillyweed. Albus refused to let him put up more effective wards on his potions storeroom, stating that the other professors might need something from time to time. Snape tried to stress that if they did happen to need something, they could simply ask for it like a normal person, but Dumbledore shooed him away and told him to please tend to the Granger witch, who'd been hit by some sort of spell from a gaggle of ardent Viktor Krum admirers who didn't particularly appreciate how he looked at someone else. Really? Oh sure, Viktor Krum was a bonafide Quidditch star, but the pettiness of witchly affection just made his teeth itch. He did have to hand it to Krum; the boy really knew his potions and his Dark Arts, and he knew intelligence when he saw it. Instead of focusing on the hundred some swooning girls, he paid attention to Granger, who was pretty much ignored by just about everyone at Hogwarts, well, at least in any sort of kind way— not that he'd been able to show her a lick of kindness thanks to restrictions imposed by his position. As he sat down next to Granger's infirmary bed, she startled. "Who's there?" she said, her voice squeaking. "It is your Potions professor," Snape said, his voice a low rumble. "I'm here with your eye drops." "Oh! Thank you, Professor Snape," she said. She was as unfailingly polite as always, even when he didn't deserve it. And he didn't. He'd seen to that. He gently unwrapped her eyes. "Look up, please." She did so, and he put the drops in, three for each eye. "Thank you, that feels much better, Professor," she said with a soft sigh of relief. "The Headmaster has dismissed classes for the day so your peers may prepare for tomorrow's trial, but seeing as you missed today's class, are there any questions you have for me before I give you your assignment?" Everyone, Severus noted, was out preparing for the next day's trials, even those who weren't in the trial. It made the infirmary safe— safe enough to be civil and a bit less caustic towards the girl. Less of a bastard , his inner voice admonished. "Yes, Professor," she said, pulling out her Potions book. "It says in the book that Sopophorous beans should be sliced, but they are so hard to slice. If the juice is what we want, could I perhaps go about it another way? Maybe soak them in water first like you do for bean soup? Or maybe crush them with the flat of the blade?" Severus furrowed his brows. She was looking ahead— thinking out of the box. He'd found that was an exceedingly rare quality in his students, and even more so for her to do exactly what he was encouraging her to do before and think for herself instead of taking everything in the book as gospel. "What the book doesn't tell you, Miss Granger, is that Sopophorous beans love water. So much so that you can take one bean and get a jar of juice when properly handled. Then the bean can be reused, provided more water is given after a period of rest. However, if no water is available, the bean can, as you suspected, be crushed using the flat of the silver blade. This ruins the bean for the future, however." It was odd, Severus thought, just telling her such things. Would she even realise what secrets he had just given her? Would she blab to Potter? Hermione pet her textbook affectionately. "Thank you, Professor. Is this something you normally wouldn't share with your students?" She was more observant than she appeared, Severus realised. He wished she was one of his snakes so he could be frank with her. She could, if properly encouraged, groomed, and taught, become a Potions Mistress the like the Wizarding World had yet to be see— in public, anyway. "I would prefer if such knowledge remained with you alone, yes," he acknowledged. Granger smiled, hugging her book. "I will keep it to myself, then," she said. "Thank you." Her smile was genuine, cutting through her previous aura of sadness like a ray of pure sunshine. It was so warming that he wondered what it would be like to have a friend like her, whose emotions were so plain and hungry for just the little bit of kindness— kindness he had never been allowed to give her. It was kindness that she deserved, especially after having to put up with the likes of Potter and Weasley all the time. "Let's go over your lessons then," Snape said. Hermione nodded, so eager to please— so painfully soaking in every little bit of attention. It made him wonder what her home life was really like. Was her family anything like his? He wouldn't wish that upon anyone. If it was, she was far more cheerful than he was back in the day. "Turn to page three hundred and fifty-two," Snape said, remembering exactly what potion was on it: the water breathing potion. He knew she wouldn't be able to resist telling Potter about it, given there were only so many ways to deal with breathing underwater, most of which were far above their current level— not that it mattered to Hermione, as he suspected she had been pilfering from his stores as early as her second year. The difference was that she somehow managed to replace them later, having broken back in to give back what she stole— with interest. Most students would feel no remorse for stealing from his stores, but Hermione had always taken her borrowing seriously. It was why he knew that whoever was stealing from him this year, it most definitely wasn't her. The spell, he knew, was simple, even for a dunderhead like Potter who tended to think more about just how much he hated his Potions teacher than what he was being taught. They could, probably, brew it right there in the infirmary and she could totter off and give it Potter, and then he would actually have a chance at not drowning himself. The moment she opened her book, every single hair on his head went straight up, and he hastily threw up a dampening spell, but the beam from the book hit her right between the eyes, sending her flying backward with a agonised shriek. It arched through him as he fought it back, but it writhed like a snake, thrashing and convulsing to get to its intended target. "Miss Granger, take my hand!" Snape called over the tremendous roar of magic. If he could touch her, he could perhaps shield her more effectively. He loathed to touch others— it was intimate, too much for someone like him. He held his hand out anyway. "Take it, Miss Granger!" The young witch was terrified and obviously in considerable pain, but she struggled to grab for his offered hand. Suddenly, she managed it. Her hand slammed into his, and he felt the jolt as all the things tearing into her now tore into him, but he drew her into his shields and screamed out the counter-curse to a hundred different curses that resembled what he felt— Even as he felt the jolt of realisation that this was nothing like anything he had ever experienced before, he felt it— the iron choke of a chain being formed around her. He realised he may not be able to stop all of whatever was happening, but he could counter that. He knew all too well the kind of chains that powerful wizards liked to put on their chosen pets. He hissed out a counter to the binding and the spell that conspired to take away her ability to think for herself. He would not allow another to be enslaved as he was, one to one master and one to another. No! This witch deserved to be free— to make her own choices, good or bad. She should be able to make them herself! Even if she proved to be just as disappointing as Li— NO! With all his might, he threw all of his magical might into setting her free— whatever happened to him didn't matter as far as he was concerned. Whatever curse she was mean to take, he would not allow it to steal away her mind— her hopeful trust in magic. She would not become like him, bitter and spiteful. He prayed it would be enough even as the agony of the curse tortured him for attempting to break its hold. He screamed as the curse punished him, and then he realised why it did. The root of the curse had twisted a form of magic far more ancient than the original caster, but the blasphemer who had was all-too-familiar. Familiar like the tainted grip of the Dark wizard who had enslaved him with the Mark— But, even as he recognised it, he knew was cast by someone who hadn't quite developed the same rapport with Dark magic. The intent was there, but the weave was less tight, less rigid. Inexperienced. No less dangerous, Snape knew, as inexperience often made magic even more lethal because either the caster simply didn't care or didn't have sufficient experience to know it actually mattered . Knowing the man who would become the Dark Lord, however— it was never about care at all. It was about power. But for once,