A/N: I have, and shall continue to use "Master" as a uni-sex reference for someone who has obtained a level of experience that they can have an apprentice of their own. This is intentional. I do this instead of using Master/Mistress save for the use of "headmistress" which is a job title. Why? Because in my world (in my head, and the chairs are comfy here) you are either a master or an apprentice—or you are a person who doesn't need/desire to be so and just goes out in the world with the standard education. Come to think of it, look at the Jedi. It was always about masters and apprentices. There was never "Mistress Jedi". (Just a little disclaimer because I still end up with some people sending me reviews trying to correct my use of Master and force me to use "Mistress.") Beta Love: The Dragon and the Rose, Dutchgirl01, and Flyby Commander Shepherd Disclaimer: JKRs stuff is still hers and not mine Scales of Judgement " What greater thing is there for two human souls, than to feel that they are joined for life-to strengthen each other in all labour, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each other in all pain, to be one with each other in silent unspeakable memories at the moment of the last parting?" -George Eliot "You've been trying to get a bead on the lot of us for a long time, haven't you, Snivellus," Sirius said with a arch lift of his head in that seemed all too like the rest of his wealthy, entitled family. Severus sneered, but said nothing, keeping his wand hand ready, the fingertips of his hands brushing against the smooth ebony of his wand. "What do you want, Black?" "Oh, nothing much, just—" Sirius grasped the bars of the grate and shook it loose, allowing Snape to walk out. "Offering you a bit of the truth. You can appreciate the truth, yeah?" "And I'm supposed to trust your truth?" Snape scoffed. "After all you've done?" "All we've done, Snivelly," Sirius smirked. "We've both cursed and hexed each other silly since day one. Ever since we first met on the train." "What are you up to, Black?" "I'm offering you up a slice of truth on a plate, Snivellus," Black crooned. "A little peek into why we will always protect each other and why the likes of you—couldn't possibly understand." Snape scowled. "You want to know where we are always sneaking of to, right? You're convinced we're up to some sort of evil, dastardly plot." "Trouble making." "Trouble. Evil. Whatever," Sirius shrugged. "It's all the same to us. You think we're up to something and you want in. Well, what if I could show you exactly why you're barking up the wrong tree, hrm?" Snape's black eyes practically burned a hole into Sirius. "Oh, come on, Snape," Black said with a heavy sigh. "Look I'll let you make your own judgement. See that tree over there?" "The Whomping Willow? Who could possibly miss that?" Snape scoffed. "There's a knob," Sirius said. He pointed his wand at it, turning an area on the bark bright pink. "Turn it and the willow stops trying to pummel you to death." "I don't plan on going near it," Severus said. "I think you'll want to tonight," Sirius said. "Why?" Black shook his head. "Some things you just have to see to believe, alright?" "There is a path under the willow," Sirius said. "Your answers are there, I swear it." "You'll have to forgive a little suspicion as to your intentions, Black," Severus said. "Just check out the tunnel, Snape," Sirius said. "Or don't. No skin off my back." Black threw up his hands and walked back towards Hogwarts. Snape looked toward the Whomping Willow and back at the retreating form of Sirius Black. Sighing deeply, he walked toward the notoriously aggressive tree, happy that the moonlight was at least providing enough illumination for him to navigate the path. "I don't know what you're up to, Black, but this had better not end up with rotten eggs in my hair again," he muttered. As Severus' eyes froze on the form of Remus Lupin—his face pushing out into a naked muzzle, skin stretching over pointed canines that were suddenly way too big for his mouth even as fur erupted from his abused skin—he realised that the gang of Gryffindor were hiding more than just a secret. They were hiding far, far worse: a werewolf. Lupin was screaming like he was burning to death, and Severus was pretty sure the agony alone was driving away whatever semblance of humanity the wizard may have had. Of all of his tormentors, Lupin had been most tolerable. It hadn't been because he hadn't taken part in the ridicule and the pranking, but there was something in the look Lupin would sometimes give him when the others went all out to torture their most hated Slytherin target—something that almost seemed like regret. None of the others—Potter, Black, or Pettigrew—had ever displayed anything even close to remorse for their actions. They weren't chums in any sense of the word, but in that moment of primal terror and horrified realisation, he realised that Lupin had been cursed in a way far worse than an abusive, alcoholic father. Remus Lupin would never be able to escape himself. And Severus—he would be lucky to get out of this alive. Suddenly, he wished he'd focused less on retribution and more on discovering his own Animagus form. Professor McGonagall had been generous enough to teach him, and she had shown great faith in him. Severus, however, had only focused on it in-between attempting to find something, anything to pin on Potter, Black, Pettigrew, and… Lupin. Lupin the bloody sodding werewolf. "Fuck," Severus swore, realising he was stuck between a werewolf and the exit. There were no windows. There were no doors save the trapdoor he had used to get into the shack. What kind of house has no windows or normal doors?! Even in the midst of his half-transformation, tortured with pain, Lupin was both there and not there. Severus could see his horror even as the yellow bled into his irises. Fear. Terror. The werewolf's muzzle was short and flecked with foam. Slaver dripped from his mouth, mixed with blood. Hunger filled the werewolf's eyes. Hunger not only for meat, no. It was hunger for kinship, pack and freedom. But a werewolf's craving for such things was perverted into something monstrous. Severus knew that Lupin would do everything he could to insure he wasn't alone the next time he shifted. He would infect any and every human he could. And someone had put him here—in a house with no windows or doors—only a breath's run away from both Hogwarts and Hogsmeade. Severus pulled out his wand and tried every spell he knew starting from standard to his customised curses. Ropes went around Lupin, tightening, but he busted out easily, seemingly even more pissed off. He lunged at Severus and snapped, his heated breath brushing against his cheek. So close. So dangerously close. Severus yelled, sticking his wand to the werewolf's head as he used his arms to brace and his feet to kick, scramble, and push the werewolf's mass off him. Stunning spells only pissed Lupin off. He used a blast of magic to send the werewolf careening into a wall, but it was in the wrong direction. Again, Lupin was now even more well-positioned to stand between him and the only door to freedom. The one door that wouldn't even guarantee he could escape. And even if he did, a werewolf would be free to roam across the Hogsmeade and Hogwarts itself. Even if he was free, how many might fall to Lupin's jaws before dawn? Any restraint Snape may have felt for the boy werewolf had died with the first vicious snap of those frothy, infectious jaws. Severus kicked the werewolf in the face with his boot and hastily scrambled up the stairs, his hands clawing out on the wooden floor. Digging. Digging. Scraping into the wood with his nails. Never had his nails been so sharp. Never had his fear been so tangible. Had he been the type to overindulge in fizzy drinks and pumpkin juice, surely his trousers would have been soaked with urine. He ran, crawled, scrambled, and forced his body to move. He clutched his wand, trying to blast a hole in the wall of the house, but someone had enchanted it. The spell blasted back on him, nearly hitting him directly in the face, but he dodged just in time to send the pissed-off werewolf careening down the stairs. Escape. Had to escape. " Hey Moony," Sirius had said as he taunted the sickly looking wizard with a candy bar. "Howl was your night, hrm?" " Shut it, Padfoot," Remus had groaned. " Look, Prongs, Snivellus is watching us." " He's always watching us, Wormtail." Moony. Werewolf. Padfoot. Prongs. Wormtail. That was how they avoided being harmed by the werewolf. They shifted into their Animagus forms. That had to be how they escaped being infected. Humans could be infected, but animals could not. As long as they were in animal form, they were safe. " You're such a dog, Padfoot." Black was a dog Animagus. Wormtail. Severus remembered Potter carrying a fat-looking rat with a huge block of cake. Pettigrew was the rat. Prongs… " Not my fault you always get your head stuck in the doorway, Prongs," Black had laughed. " Fuck off, Padfoot." Antlers. Potter was a sodding deer. All this time, the reason for how they had always been able to find him. Always had been able to escape being detected. They were always out on the green after hours. They were always just out of reach. They were Animagi, all. But unlike Severus, who was training under Professor McGonagall and had his name registered legally as a potential Animagus until he obtained his full shift, the banes of his life had achieved it on their own. They were illegal . "I'm sorry you don't have any peers to work with, Mr Snape," McGonagall had said. "Most do not have the strength of will or desire to study for it." He should have studied harder . He should have focused on that instead of following his hated enemies around, trying to catch them red-handed doing something they could be punished for. He would never have caught them because they were bloody Animagi. In his meditations, he could fly . He had wings. Huge, leathery wings. He had been scared, so scared, that his form would be a sodding bat. It was bad enough that people constantly made fun of him because of his black hair and uniform and how it made him look like a vampire bat. But now he didn't care. Now, he only wanted to escape. Bat, mouse, twittering English Robin—he didn't care . He wanted out. He wanted to escape. Lupin was bounding up the stairs again. Closer, closer. Snape threw debris down the stairs, hoping to buy himself more time. Wings. Great, black, leathery wings. He could feel the gnash of razor-sharp teeth. He could feel the pull of muscles he didn't, well, shouldn't have. Yes! Please, for the love of all magic, he prayed. Don't let me die here. Don't force me to live out my life as a werewolf. Snape screamed as Lupin leapt, thrusting a dresser between them with sheer terror and adrenaline. The werewolf tore and snapped. The wood cracked and splintered. Snape thrust a candelabra between Lupin's jaws, praying none of those teeth nicked his skin. Heat. Wings. His teeth ground together. He tasted blood. His muscles ached as he tried to keep the dresser between them. "It's not about knowing the spell, Mr Snape," McGonagall had said. "It's about allowing your other self free. Be what you are .