A/N : Help, I'm publishing unsupervised! (Oop, nope, I took too long, I'm publishing supervised again!) Beta Love: The Dragon and the Rose, Dutchgirl01, Flyby Commander Shepard Summary: Hermione finds herself in Azkaban after the war only to find it may not be as bad as she thought. Cloaked Intentions I don't believe that if you do good, good things will happen. Everything is completely accidental and random. Sometimes bad things happen to very good people, and sometimes good things happen to bad people. But at least if you try to do good things, then you're spending your time doing something worthwhile. Helen Mirren When Ronald Weasley proposed to Hermione Granger right in front of Merlin and everyone, the bushy-haired witch had taken a really big swig of a high-proof alcohol to stir up the courage to say no . Everything went to pot after that. First of all, someone had laced her drink with something that turned her into a bushy-haired water weasel, and second of all, she was arrested for being an unregistered Animagus. It hadn't figured Hermione out long who did it. The smug articles blaming Hermione for being a self-righteous illegal Animagus criminal masquerading as a Wizarding heroine was a pretty damned good place to start. Hermione's shared room with Ron at the Burrow had been ransacked, and "evidence" of covert Animagus studies had been found along with Ron's hidden stash of trophies of his own sexual prowess from at least a hundred different witches who had wanted of Ron's heroic virility. So, while Hermione was being dragged through the mud with a long, involved trial that had random people rifling through her grey matter in order to prove her word was true, Ron was finding that entertaining about a hundred witches led to certain other financial concerns, such as child support. Molly blamed Hermione, of course, because—gosh—if she'd been more accommodating and there for her Ronald, he wouldn't feel like he had to make it up by bedding loads of other witches. That meant Ginny also blamed Hermione since both were like two peas in a pod. That had led Harry to say "hell no" to marriage to Ginny because he'd been there with Ron had thrown himself at multiple witches, and he didn't appreciate Ginny having no faith in Hermione and far too much faith in Ron, brother or no. That, of course, didn't go over well either. At all. Not single one bit. However, thanks to some remnants of the horrible laws that Umbridge and Fudge had cooked up over a tea kettle filled with insanity, Hermione was left to contemplate life in Azkaban. Kingsley had promised to try and get her out as soon as he could find and destroy, repel, or otherwise annihilate the shadow-bills that had gone into place, but thanks to Skeeter, there were people who actually supported the bill if only to keep "that vile Muggleborn bitch" in Azkaban where she belonged. And Hermione had no doubt at all as to what some of the Weasleys were voting. Azkaban, as she soon found out, was strangely peaceful. Thanks to the shadow-laws, bills, or whatever Fumbridge (the unholy duo of Fudge and Umbridge) had come up with, she was in isolation as a Muggle-born so she couldn't "suck the magic out of real magicals." Ironically, Umbridge herself was in Azkaban, and since her heritage was less than pureblood, she wasn't exactly sitting on velvet cushions eating beluga caviar either. Her hideously shrill shrieks, which had plagued Hermione for the first few days, had gradually taken away the toad's voice, and now the most the horrible woman could do was rasp in a voice barely above a whisper. Being in prison gave Hermione nothing but time, and since the rules were made thinking Dementors were the only torture anyone ever needed, there weren't exactly prison jobs like the Muggle prison system had. Fumbridge had apparently thought that to be parted from the magical world on top of having Dementors trying to suck out your insides vicariously through devouring all of your happy memories was enough punishment for anyone. Apparently having your wand confiscated and snapped in front of you was also a rule. Thanks, you pretentious pastel cat plate-loving horror, Hermione found herself mumbling. If I really were an Animagus, I'd find some way to bite you and give you rabies. Hermione had amused herself in her solitude by teaching herself wandless, silent magic. She'd always prided herself on having enough force of will to make things happen, and she would spend a lot of time in meditation as she went over Arithmancy and spell crafting in her head. She learned the subtle weave of energy and all the things that made magic, well, magical from the inside, through the feel of it. She began to feel the nodes of leylines in and around Azkaban, and she realised why the wizard had crafted his little fortress there in the middle of the ocean. The first thing she'd managed was to befriend the leyline that was so nice to position itself right under her cell. She wondered if most people even know it was there, or if they just ran away from the horrible island prison, having faith that whoever built it knew what they were doing. The leyline seemed strangely sentient, and the moment she had "touched" it, it had swept over her, paralysing her as it sniffed her over thoroughly, exploring every nook and cranny of her body. Belatedly, she pondered if that had been a good idea, touching a leyline, but what else was there to do? The leyline seemed to fill up her veins as it went through her entire being, blasting open paths she didn't even know she had, exploring her mind with its energy "fingers"—tendrils of energy that seemed to wrap around her grey matter and hold it like a net. The ley seemed to find something it liked because it called over its friends, and Hermione found herself jolted as every ley came over to "say hello". By the third and fourth ley, she passed out flat in the middle of her empty cell and tattered mattress. The blackness of Oblivion dragged her deep into the very bowels of nothing. The first thing she noticed when she woke up was that she was in bed—a real, proper bed and a calm, soothing sea breeze was blowing in through an honest-to-god window. Curtains rustled as the wind blew in. Had she been moved during the night? She realised she was wearing a silk nightgown instead of the rough prison garb, and the floor of her "cell" had a rather attractive rug. Kingsley had mentioned he was going to try and make her accommodations a little more comfortable for her, but wouldn't he have at least woken her up first? The next thing she realised was that there was real food and drink on a small table waiting for her, and it smelled absolutely glorious . Saying a little thanks to Kingsley for whatever ninja-magic he had pulled to get her some real food and a comfortable mattress, Hermione practically inhaled the eggs, waffles and bacon and drank down the juice so fast that she almost found herself licking the buttery syrup off the plate. It was around the time that her brain kicked back in gear after having been pushed aside in favour of the consumption of food, Hermione abruptly realised that she was being stared at, and she slowly turned to see a spider the size of a Quaffle perched on the window sill. It had a black fuzzy body flecked with rainbow spots, finger-like legs, four pairs of eyes, and radiant blue fangs. The spider's primary eyes whirled. " Oh! Hello! Did you sleep well?" Hermione stared. The spider cocked its head, which was more the positioning of its entire body and its legs than actually moving its head. " We made you blankets and a nightgown. Are they comfortable?" Hermione's mouth worked in silence. Talking spiders were not exactly normal, at least in her head. Sure there were talking Acromantulas, but she'd never heard one speak to her . Ron and Harry had, and their story had been pretty crazy. "Um," she started off. "Hello. Thank you for the blankets and clothes." The spider bounced happily. " You're welcome!" Hermione assessed her situation and ended up no better for rationales on why spiders would suddenly be there and talking to her. "Um, not to be rude, but why haven't I seen you before?" " Oh!" the spider said. " I suppose that's fair. We were invisible before, well, that's not quite right—" Another spider popped into existence, landing on top of the other with a squeak. " Oh hi! Oh, you're awake! Hello!" " We've lived here forever," the first spider explained. " Back before a human built his fortress here." " Only the ley-chosen can see us, though," the second spider said. " It's because you're part of the leys now, just like us!" the first spider said. " Yup!" said the third spider. " The first guy, er, he went a little mad," the first spider said. " Barking mad," the second added. " Started luring in sailors to their deaths because he thought they were spying on him." " Doing Dark stuff to try and make us go away." " He couldn't see us." " But he could sense us." " He drew in Dementors to try and get rid of us." " That didn't work either because Dementors don't bother us." " Nope! They tickle when they feed on us." The spiders groomed their fluffy fur with their back legs. Hermione would have sat down, but she realised she already was. "Oh." The spiders whispered to each other. " Um, you are okay with spiders, right?" the first spider asked, looking hopeful, but also fearful that her answer would be no. Hermione scratched her head. "I really don't mind spiders as long as they aren't trying to eat me." " Eat…" " You?" " Ew." The spiders wobbled, legs wriggling. " Nope." " Not us." " Humans taste foul." " No offence!" Hermione smiled. "No offence taken." " So, you're okay with spiders?" " We're huggable!" " We haven't been hugged in centuries." " So depressing." Hermione extended one hand and then froze. "May I—touch you?" " Of course!" the clutter of spiders exclaimed, hopping into her lap. Startled, Hermione slowly ran her hand across each spider, eliciting such a warm purr that she felt sleepy and comfortable. It reminded her of Crookshanks, and she was both happy and sad at the memory. " Why are you sad?" " Did we do something wrong?" Hermione shook her head. "No, it's just—Crooks never came back after the Burrow burned down. I really miss him." The third spider wiggled under her hand and pushed up, petting itself, and Hermione smiled, picking it up and hugging the fluffy arachnid. She was overwhelmed with such gratitude and appreciation that tears went down her cheeks at the sheer genuine emotion. " Mummy is getting hugged!" " We want hugs too!" Hermione found herself buried in smaller, softball-sized baby spiders that looked a lot like puffskeins with large, oversized eyes. They all sported bright, almost fantastical colours that screamed the same warning a poison dart frog might have given: Don't eat me. You'll regret it! " Hey! She's new to us! Don't scare her away!" The baby spiders slumped visibly. " Sorry, Mummy." Hermione had one baby spider her hand, tickling it under the chin. " Eee!" the baby squeaked. " Again!" "It's okay," Hermione said. "I don't think I realised how lonely I was until just now." The babies perked and then flooded into her lap. " We were lonely too!" " Just us." " Well, us and food." " We don't talk to our food, though." " That would be strange." "