Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong to the wonderful Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. Working as a bartender night after night can be exhausting. The late nights, the drunken guys hitting on you, the craptastic bands who think they'll become something. Eventually it all starts to wear on your nerves. I've worked weekends at Billy's since it opened 3 years ago as a favor to the owner, and my best friend in the whole world, Jake. Now this bar isn't an 'adult' bar by any means but the guys do like to come here to drink. Jake's ingenious idea was to get hot girls to wear black bikinis and tiny jean shorts to tend the bar, even in the middle of winter. Apparently it paid off because Billy's was doing very well for itself. Jake had plans to expand into the building next door within the next couple months. Tonight wasn't much different than any other Saturday night. I worked behind the bar for the first few hours but some of the customers were getting out of hand on the floor so Jake pulled me from behind the bar and had me take over Jessica's place. I reached behind me and double knotted my bikini top, grabbed my signature bottle of Vanilla Grey Goose, a clean towel and tried to find the nearest security guy to cover me. Although I can defend myself, Jake always wants one of the security guys to be with us when we go on the floor. Jessica stalked behind the bar with a grateful smile "Good luck out there girl. The guys are quite handsy tonight." I smirked and shook my head. As Jessica pulled her jean shorts on, I looked around for another minute or so and didn't see security anywhere so I called Jake. He answered on the first ring "Bells, aren't you supposed to be taking Jessica's place on the floor?" "Well, if I could find any of your security team, I would be. But they're no where to be found. Got anybody for me? Or I could go alone, your choice." I didn't care either way. "Shit. I thought Mike was going to follow Jessica back. I'll send someone to you now. Don't leave without someone." He said and hung up. I sat my bottle and towel behind the bar and helped out until my 'bodyguard' walked to the side entrance of the bar. I'd never seen this guy before so tonight must have been his first night working. "Are you Bella?" He gave me a half smile and stuck out his hand. "Yeah, I am. You here to cover me on the floor?" I replied grasping his hand lightly. I turned back to where I left my bottle and towel with him following me. "I am. My name is Edward by the way. You know, in case you need me to do anything to you...for you...shit. You know what I mean." He stumbled out. For once, I was glad that the lights were dim in this place because I knew that I was blushing. Smiling, I handed him my towel and vodka and dropped my shorts revealing my black ruffled boy short bikini bottoms. Being able to keep my shorts on is one of the reasons I liked working behind the bar. But if Jake needed me on the floor, things were starting to get pretty bad. He knew that I could pretty much put down any guy in this bar. With my dad being the Superintendent of Police in our lovely city of Chicago, I had taken my share of self defense classes. Taking in a deep breath I bent over to make sure my stiletto thigh high boots were zipped all the way up and took off walking to the floor. If we are on the floor, Jake wants us moving at all times so I grabbed the bottle and towel from Edward and danced over to my table. I ran up the steps that help us get on the tables. Jake had them built for the weekends so we could be seen easier. I started moving my body to the DJ's music then took in all the guys that were at the table. After a couple songs, one comes on that I know to be one of the songs that we all are supposed to dance to so if we aren't actively pouring drinks behind the bar (and sometimes even if we are) we all supposed to hop up on the bar and start dancing to it. I look up the DJ booth and see Jake up there smiling at me. He winks at me and bounces his hands above his head trying to silently tell me to dance. I glare at him but reluctantly start to dance to the song. I'm only one of two girls on the floor tonight so I know its going to be a competition to get the crowd to come to me. Looking to my right, I see Victoria on her table with guys panting like dogs around her. Her security guard James has his flashlight trained on her with the strobe effect button pressed. I have to admit, it looks pretty cool. Squatting down, I curl my finger at Edward to get him to come over and show him what James is doing and ask him to do the same thing. He backs up and clicks the flashlight on. I listen to where we are in the song and start dancing to it with my Vanilla Grey Goose in my right hand and using the towel to draw attention to my side of the bar in my left. The regular patrons rush to us when we dance like this because they know that we give away 3 shots when the dance is over. I look around to see who might not be completely intoxicated to give my shots to. I see a tall buff man with bright blue eyes and a beer bottle in his hand near the outskirts of the crowd. He'll work well. I scan the crowd again and see two blondes on my left. One is a guy with shaggy dishwater blond hair holding a beer and the other is a statuesque woman with long shiny blonde hair who is stirring the drink in her hand. They are talking and watching me. They must know each other. I get their attention by pointing 2 fingers at them and curl my finger up to have them come over to me. I look to the right and see the tall man still watching me. I point at him and curl my finger at him. He shakes his head at me and smiles, silently declining. I shake my head at him and look at him again. I point to him then point down at my table and quirk an eyebrow. He gives me a small smile, shakes his head and starts walking over. When these songs are over, the music turns down, Edward trains the flashlight on me to give the DJ's spotlight time to find me and the crowd directly in front of my table clears out for the 3 people I have selected to get their shots. The two blondes make it there first so I look at the girl first. "Ladies first" I tell her. She slowly walks over to me and I twirl my finger to get her to turn her back to me. I touch her shoulder and have her lean back against the table. I kneel down and lay my towel on her throat so I don't have to worry about spilling any vodka on her clothes. "I'm Bella by the way" I lean down to whisper into her ear "Are you sure you're okay with this? I've got Vanilla Grey Goose." Jake likes us give them an out and tell them what alcohol we are giving them. She nods her head and smiles. I touch her jaw and she opens her mouth to accept my shot. I tip the bottle and count silently in my head One One Thousand Two One Thousand I turn the bottle back upright and grab the towel. She stands and throws her hands in the air. The crowd applauds and gives a couple cat calls. They always like some girl on girl for some perverted reason. Turning around she winks at me as she slips a bill into my bikini bottom near my hip as a tip for the shot. I smile and thank her. I look over to the blond man that was with her and use my finger to call him next. He comes over and assumes the position I just showed the woman. I kneel down and lean down to tell him the same thing I just told the woman, only a little louder "I'm Bella and I've got Vanilla Grey Goose here. Would you like a shot?" He smiles and says "Oh yeah, gimme some!" I smile in return. Placing the towel at his chin I tip the bottle and count again One One Thousand Two One Thousand and tip the bottle back upright. He turns around and gives me a kiss on my cheek as I feel him slide a bill into my bikini top. I chuckle slightly and tell him thank you. He turns and walks back over to the woman with a smile on his face. One more and then the spot light will shut off and I can dance in my own little world again. I raise my eyebrow at the man who initially declined my shot and curl my finger at him. He walks over at a slow pace and stands directly in front of me. With me kneeling on the table he is just as tall as I am. He has to be at least 6'4" but he has a small smile and his blue eyes shine so I'm know not to be afraid of him. Instead of doing the quiet questioning like I did with the other two, I ask him out loud and in front of everyone hoping that being publically asked, he won't turn me down. "I'm Bella and I've got some Vanilla Grey Goose. You want a shot?" He narrows his eyes but smiles at me and his dimples show. "Fine. I'll take your shot." He turns around and gets into the position. I put the towel around his chin and turn the bottle up One One Thousand Two One Thousand. I tip the bottle back over and he turns around and raises his eyebrow at me. "Thank you" he says as he takes a bill and places it in my bikini bottom at my other hip. I smile and thank him as the music turns back up. I get off my knees and stand back up on the table. I start dancing like no one it watching. I know people are definitely watching me because I can see the strobe effect that Edward started doing again. Out of the corner of my eye, I see another one of the bartenders take over for Victoria to give her a break. Alice turns to me and waves at me. I smile and try to wave back with just as much enthusiasm. Around 1:30 it's time for my break. I look at Edward and curl my finger at him to get him to come to me. I kneel down again to get on his eye level "Hey, can you go to the back bar and have Victoria come out here again? I wanna take a break." I give him a small smile as incentive to do this for me. "Well Bella, I was told to never leave you alone tonight." He smiled crookedly at me. "Then can you at call the back bar and tell them to have her come over?" I beg. I am tired and I want to take a break before it