There were many mornings that I woke up dizzy from the images that spun around my dreams. They twirled and bounced off one another into different spaces of my mind where they could exist separately and haunt me independently with their own devices. Some used screams and colors while others silence and bleak surroundings. A few were fantasies but the worst were memories that shook my waking moments as much as they did my sleeping ones. My source of comfort tossed next to me in bed and even in that dreamy state I was sure we were both in too poor of condition to speak to one another. Tears ran down my cheeks and I screamed myself awake into the flesh of my knees. Shaking and sputtering I grabbed Peeta's hand and held it to my core to keep what was left of me together and to quiet his roughly sailing dreams. There was something about moments like that one, moments of comfort that I didn't seem to deserve, that pushed me out of our bed, into my undergarments, pants, shirt and hunting clothes, and out into the woods. Cool air attacked my middle where his hand had set just a moment before. I zipped my jacket and greeted my fellow mockingjays as they sung their morning hymns. A small bird, much younger than the rest, flew low over my head and swooped around many tree branches and trunks before it returned to me. An invitation. It moved towards the lake and without much thought or any hesitation I proceeded to follow the young bird. The further away from the elder birds we went the more the young bird's song changed into Rue's melody. It was as if, on that early summer morning, that newly flighted bird had been with Rue and I in the games or had perched next to Rue in the orchards before the days of the Reaping. I hiked with the young bird and couldn't bring myself to regret the time and the energy I spent following her aimlessly. When together we had gone over streams, discovered secret meadows and drifted up tall trees we found ourselves perched on the same branch and sang to one another. From those branches we could both take in the sorrowful yet beautiful rubble of District 12. The sunrise songs turned into the eerily beautiful afternoon silence of the woods. If the young mockingjay and I could have stayed still and quiet for long enough we would have heard the calls of the construction workers from where the merchant's homes and shops once stood. Rebuilding was funny thing. No matter what the capital spent on the rebirth of the districts they never seemed to revitalize. The efforts of the men we could have listened to would not end up much differently. By the end a few more drab, uninhabited and chilled buildings with large empty storefront windows would stand without anyone energized enough to run them. Everyone had lost so much, everyone except the small mockingjay next to me. That was it was my young friend knew the song perfectly over half a decade after Rue's death. I wanted to believe that Rue had called the tune to my new friend but I knew that wasn't the case. Their lives hadn't even crossed for any amount of time. Rue had died probably before this bird's mother and father had been hatched. Yet, even in a world with life cycles so out of sync, they could both sing Rue's song as it had come from her lips. The late afternoon sun smirked and directed all the heat it could towards my brow. My friend flew away and I was unsure how exactly I would ever let another living thing go without it killing me. I wondered this every single time I said goodbye. Clumsily, I stumbled down the tree trunk with tears blocking my vision and heat stealing my sanity. It wasn't until I hit the bottom that the time began to really catch up with me. I hadn't eaten since the night before, nearly twenty hours ago, and it showed in my unsure steps. I remembered the direction of home but little of the path I'd taken. In this foggy state the creeks seemed deeper, the meadows seemed damper and the soaring trees held more predators than prey. My hike turned into a sprint and my steps became less sure as I trekked forward, back and to either side with my imagined sense of where home must be. Then there was only pain. I didn't remember falling until I heard my name being called through the now dark and disheveled forest. "Katniss… KATNISS!" An enraged and fearful voice slurred. The next thing I was aware of was the pain. My ankle was twisted and swollen under a tree root that almost seemed too perfectly grown for trapping to be real. Thorns were stuck in various places all over my limbs and I wondered at which point in my exhausted excursion my clothes had ripped beyond use for their intended purpose. My jacket remained tied around my waist where it had been put for suffocating me in the afternoon heat. Drunken footsteps clunked a few hundred yards down the path I'd been running along. "Sweetheart… Come out where…" Haymitch belched "wherever you are." I moaned into my arm and his searching calls turned into those of recognition. "Katniss!" He ran to me and took a moment to kick free my ankle from the crooked rooted tree. I winced with every one of his drunken blows that missed the root and hit my boot. Freed, I steadied myself on my better leg and took a moment to find my place in the upright world. I brushed the earth away from my limbs and pulled at my hair in a pointless attempt to make myself look presentable in the honest unforgiving moonlight. "I'm glad I found you, Sweetheart. You look absolutely stunning tonight." Haymitch calumniated with a roll of his eyes and a drip of drool down his chin. A glimmer in his gaze that I'd never seen before reflected in the night and back up into the stars. Laughing at his own joke he placed his arm around my shoulder and breathed a few anxiously joyful words into my ear. "Sweetheart, we have to run." Wordlessly we supported each others limping back to what remained of the fence. Our moon crept up to it's peak in the sky to illuminate all its greenery and cast shadows on the areas beneath rustling branches. The area of the fence that we found was not wide enough along the bottom for climbing under and I trusted my damaged ankle more than Haymitch's drunken boost. I heaved myself 4 feet off the ground before I could register the pain in my ankle. Ten feet off the ground I turned around and held my hand out for Haymitch who didn't understand my sense of urgency. This was instinct and, after all I had been through, run meant RUN. He finally accepted my hand and we made our way back to Victors' Village. Peeta and my home glowed with color lights that managed to also light up the streets through open summer windows. From the porch Haymitch and I could almost taste the warm bread and vegetable soup that occupied our kitchen. Haymitch's hand hit the doorknob before mine and instead of turning it he stepped in front of me and whispered harshly into my eyes. "Do not be surprised by anything you see or hear in there. Don't allow yourself to get excited or remember. Whatever happens you have to accept what is. Promise me?" I reached past him with an urgency and he grabbed me by my knotted hair. "PROMISE ME!" I kicked at him and knew this was extremely out of character for my mentor. His promise to watch after Peeta and I had never gone past warnings into aggression. "Katniss… whatever you hear, whatever the three of us hear when we walk into that room, will mean the world to someone out there. Remember that." My home floated behind Haymitch's back and I yearned to be held by the sweet boy that waited for me with either wonderful or horrifying news. Haymitch's rapid mood swings and mixed signals left me with nothing but fear and confusion. I nodded in response to his condition and pushed past him to get into the door. Behind me Haymitch drunkenly fell into the cast iron railings, moaned, picked himself up and trudged after me. I pushed my way through the storm that doubt and anxiety placed in front of me into our cozy kitchen and into the arms of the most beautiful man I'd ever laid eyes on. Peeta stood just a few inches above me and I buried my face in the crook of his neck. He was warm and smelled like the flour from the fresh rolls sitting next to him. His lips found mine and I melted into him in a way that always made me feel like every kiss was the first kiss of forever. His arms found the crease between the back of my thighs and he lifted me into the air to wrap myself around him. All the sounds of our world disappeared to us both. I felt the chill radiating off our cave walls and it was just me with Peeta in an arena again. My heartbeat quickened with the feelings of danger and desperation but my yearning for him did not decrease when I pulled him close into every crevice of of my trim figure. Peeta reached around my waist and seemed to forget about our evening meal getting cold. My stomach grumbled as it always had before the games but Peeta's lips tasted like all the candies of the world and served as a worthy distraction. Our silent interaction was enough to mesmerize me past noticing Haymitch's annoyance and the buzzing of the evening news. Peeta leaned to whisper in my ear and I could feel his cheek touching mine as it pulled with its partner into a hopeful grin. "Katniss" His breath caressed my neck "We really should get you laying down." He pulled away and nodded towards my twisted ankle. Haymitch and Peeta helped me to the couch in front of our television with a current of excitement and joy running between them that I could not conduct. Peeta settled in behind me and removed his prosthetic for comfort. We wrapped a knitted blanket my mother had sent around ourselves and I inhaled the smell of my baker once more. Our television flashed back to the news after a commercial break and the frenzy of color made me squint my eyes. A tall blond woman stood outside of a large pink home in a blue fitted suit with an umbrella. She wore the same wide smile that Peeta and Haymitch wore and I felt a burn of jealousy over them knowing something that I did not. The woman spoke clearly and quickly as she dodged raindrops and repeatedly instructed her cameraman to wipe the lense clean. "I am standing here outside the former home of several of Ex. President Snow's Capital sympathisers where a fascinating discovery was made only five short hours ago. Twenty-four fully healed and expertly frozen bodies of fallen tributes have been found in the basement of this home only hours before it's scheduled demolition. These bodies are believed to have been part of a private collection of Hunger Games memorabilia and were taken to a local hospital for thawing and funeral preparations when the first showed potential needed to sustain life and was revived. Since then all twenty-four bodies have been reanimated with all but seven of them in critical condition. The identities of these tributes are being withheld at this time. We will report all information as it becomes available." Haymitch switched