More Than Meets The Eye Pairing : Percy/Nico/Jason Side Pairings : ? Plot : Percy is new at Olympus High. He also had to move in with his dad, stepmom, and half-siblings. He didn't think he was going to fit in, but could he. Nico was done. He wanted to leave school to get away from his bully. But he needed to be there for him friends. And just when he's about to give up, a new kid walks into his life. Jason was everything. Quarterback, smart, rich, popular, and was a bully. But when a new kid comes and changes things will it change Jason and let his true feelings show or will he become even meaner. Chapter 1 Percy was in his room packing. His mom couldn't take care of him anymore. Not enough money. She had lost her job. So she was sending him to live with his Dad. The only problem was that his dad had a wife, and kids. They were all older than him except one. Tyson. His favorite brother. They only one who loved him. He knew that his father only had him come over on the weekends because he felt bad about everything. About cheating on his wife, Percy being born. He knew that his dad didn't really care. "Percy I know you don't want to live with your father but he's the one that came up with this idea. It's only until I get enough money," said his mom. Percy nodded. He already knew all of this. He also knew that in two hours his dad and Triton, his oldest half-brother would be coming to pick him up. "Do I have to go to a new school too," asked Percy. He never stayed at one school for too long. So it wouldn't matter tat he would have no friends. He was use to it. Actually he had one friend. Annabeth Chase. They used to live right next to each other but she moved. They kept in touch but he didn't know what school she was going to now. "Yes you'll have to go to a new school. But I'm sure you'll make friends," said Sally. Percy was about to object that no one was going to want to be him friend when someone knocked on the door. Sally sighed and told Percy to finish up before leaving the room. Percy did as he was told and finished packing. He didn't have a lot of things. Just his books and his clothes. His mom barely had any money whenever he was growing up so he was use to not having everything. Because as long as he had his mom he didn't need anything else. Percy started to bring both boxes out. He walked past Triton and sat the boxes down. He noticed his dad, Poseidon, talking with his mom in the kitchen. Percy rolled his eyes and went back to his room for his backpack. He really didn't want to go but he knew he had to. He walked back down when he heard his name. He entered the room to see his boxes were gone and probably in the car. My mom walked over to me and hugged me. "Be good Percy, and listen to your father," she said letting him go. Percy knew that his mom was trying not to cry for his sake. "I'll be an angel mom," Percy said. He walked out of the door and down to the car his dad following. He got into the backseat and stared out of his window. He knew he'd be back. But for some reason his mind filled with doubt. /Break\ Nico was trying to sort through his thoughts. He wanted to tell him dad that he wanted to be homeschooled but at the same time he couldn't leave behind his friends. he wouldn't even have this problem if Jason wasn't such a dick. Jason was what you would call a bully. But he only bullied people like me. Gay people. Nico hated that. He hated people like that. Nico's head was starting to hurt from all the over thinking it was doing so he decided to call his best friend. "Hello," sounded Will's voice through the phone. "Hey could you come over. I'm having problems again." said Nico. This was a comman thing. Ever since they ad met they were always around one another. When Nico needed help Will was there. When Will needed someone to mother hen, well Nico was there. "I'll be there in five," said Will before hanging up. Another great thing about Will was his family lived across the street. Nico waited for about two minutes before there was a blonde running into his room. "Well you beat you're record," said Nico with a smile. Will had a key to the house because Nico's family knew that Will was basically always over. Funny thing Will and Nico had been friends since they were 2. "What were you thinking about this time?" asked Will as he sat down. "Thinking about homeschooling again," said Nico. "Neeks if you want to leave school that's your choice," said Will. Will knew that Nico didn't want to leave his friends because they would become Jason's target after Nico was gone. "I know it's my choice but I can't leave you guys," said Nico. "Look how about we do this. You go to school for one more week; if you are still thinking about homeschool then you will try it; and if it's not for you come back to school," said Will. Nico nodded. That was a good Idea. One of the best. "Okay I'll try it. But-" Nico was cut off. "No buts mister," said Will. The rest of the night was spent watching movies. Will had called his sister and she dropped some clothes off for him. "So are you going to that party that Poseidon is having tomorrow," asked Nico as they got into bed. "Yeah. I heard he is going to have his son with him," said Will. Nico nodded. he already knew that. His dad and Poseidon where close. Nico thought about what tomorrow would bring and fell asleep hoping that Jason and his family wouldn't be there. /break\ Jason was the first one up. He always was. He did his morning jog and workout. Then went home and showered. But today he didn't go on his jog. He was going to make breakfast for everyone hoping that they wouldn't make his go to that stupid party. He would have talked to his sister about it but they just didn't get along anymore. Jason didn't get it, He was quarterback, was very smart, and very popular so why didn't his sister like him when everyone else did. Okay so maybe he knew why. He had called his sisters best friends, Annabeth and Luke, mean names. But hey it was just the truth. Although sometimes Jason regrets what he says but that's only when someone compares him to his older brother. He had just finished breakfast when everyone came down. It was a quiet meal until Jason's stepmother realized something. "You didn't go on your morning jog," she noted bringing everyone's attention to Jason. "No I though I would make breakfast for everyone," he said. "What do you want," asked Jason's father. One word about Zeus, he was scary when he wanted to be and right now he wanted to be. "I really don't want to go to Posiedon's party." said Jason. "Well to bad, you have to go. His son the one no one's met is going to be there. so you are going to be nice and you are going to get close to him. I need to get on Posiedon's good side," said Zeus. "Why can't Thalia do that," asked Jason. "She is," was all that was said and Jason knew that was the end of the discussion. Well at least while he was there he could ruin the day for Nico as well. yeah that sounded really fun. /Break\ Percy had to say, he didn't expect everyone to be so welcoming. He was sharing a room with Tyson which he was very happy about. Though he wasn't use to being given things and the room he was sharing with Ty was huge. Like the size of his apartment. So yeah it was weird living in a place like that. But as the night went on he got comfortable. He and his siblings talked about relationships and told him things about themselves that Percy never knew and they even watched a marathon of Doctor Who. All in all he realized that mabe this wouldn't be so bad. They had also told him about the party their dad was having so Percy could make some friends before having to start school. They also told him that everyone basically knew everyone. He was also told that the Di Angelo household would be coming over early to help set up. Percy was up around 7. The earliest he ever woke up on his own and was dressed and downstairs helping his stepmom, Amphitrite, with breakfast. "So the Di Angelo's have a son around your age," said Amy. "That's nice," said Percy. There was a knock at the door which made Percy frown. The Di Angelo's weren't suppose to be here until 10 and it was only 7:30. "Come on in," yelled Amy. The person walked in and Percy was shocked to see who it was. He didn't really have much time to process it because soon he was being hugged by and familiar blonde. "I didn't believe them at first when they said you were coming to stay with them. But seaweed brain this is awesome," said Annabeth as she let go of Percy. "Annabeth this is where you moved to," asked Percy. "Yeah. We will being going to the same school so don't worry about being along. Oh you'll get to meet Piper and Reyna today," said Annabeth. "Annabeth dear why don't you take Percy to the dinning room and set the table. I'll finish up here," said Amy with a smile. Annabeth nodded and practically dragged Percy to the dinning room. Percy was really happy to see Annabeth again. He hadn't seen her since the end of Christmas Vacation and that was two months ago. But he understood. Annabeth liked to get good grades which meant sometime Percy would have to study to in order to hang with Annabeth. But that was alright. "So Piper and Reyna are your girlfriends right," asked Percy. "Yep and they really want to meet you," said Annabeth. Percy nodded. He never had anyone who wanted to meet him. But at least he knew that they would be his friends because they already wrote to each other. Annabeth made sure of that. "Annie," Percy heard from behind him. He turned and saw Tyson run in and give Annabeth a hug. "hey buddy. You ready for today," asked Annabeth. "Yeah. There's a party today which means lot's of sugar," said Ty. "Don't forget. We also have to practice reading," said Annabeth who stood up and looked towards Percy. "I'm his reading tutor. I mean he is get at all of his classes he just can't read words. He spells the word out thinking he's read it,' said Annabeth. Percy Nodded. He knew that Ty had trouble with reading. He has the same problem Percy use to have. Since his mother was always working he never had someone who read stories to him all the time which meant he didn't really hear how words were read. Which meant he would have trouble reading. At least that's what the doctors said. "Okay, Percy can you go wake everyone up and tell them Breakfast in ready," asked Amy. /Break\ Nico didn't get much sleep and neither did any other male in the house. Bianca and Hazel were fighting over the bathroom again. Because the