Thanks to MistressCordog for letting me know that the formatting for this story was all over the place. It should be remedied now. "Can I help you with something?" a soft male voice asked. Katniss Everdeen jumped nearly out of her skin at the sound. She whirled around from her spot in front of the shelf of books and assumed a defensive posture. But instead of something threatening, she found herself staring through a pair of glasses into two of the most vibrantly blue eyes she had ever seen. "I was just… uh…" she began dumbly, unable to break free of the frank, friendly gaze. The skin at the corners of his eyes crinkled, as though their owner was smiling warmly, and then the man spoke again. "Oh, I um, I'm really sorry for startling you. You seemed a little lost," he ran his fingers through his shock of blonde, wavy hair and looked chagrined. "Or, maybe I just wanted you to be." Katniss rubbed her permanently dirty hands across the material of her Carhartts in a practiced, nervous gesture and scowled. Was this guy hitting on her? It wasn't exactly a common occurrence. The men on site tended to rag on her endlessly, or ignore her completely. Outside of that, it was theoretically possible that men (or even women) were coming on to her, but she never paid enough attention to the people around her to really notice. They certainly weren't falling down at her feet. There was Gale, of course, but he hardly counted at this point. The fact that they had tried, failed, and still hooked up occasionally didn't exactly fill her with the bewildering rush of nervous excitement that was thrumming through her veins now. The blonde man laughed a little, as though at his own joke, and explained, "With all these budget cuts, I have to justify my existence somehow." His laugh was probably the warmest she had ever heard, but she felt an unexpected twinge of disappointment realizing that he was not, in fact, flirting, after all. His face was handsome. Very handsome, and he carried himself with a sort of shy confidence that was completely unlike the aggressive posturing she was used to from the men she worked with. "Seriously, I'm sorry for interrupting you like that," he was saying when she managed to focus on what was actually going on instead of wondering what sort of man laughed at himself in front of a grimy stranger as though they'd been friends for years. The same kind of man who apparently dressedlike he just stepped out of a J. Crew catalog. She felt self-conscious in her mucky, steel-toed Redwings, patched Carhartts, stained ACDC t-shirt, and worn hunting jacket in the face of his crisp, charcoal slacks, white button-up, navy sweater-vest, and cerulean striped tie. That fact that his sleeves were rolled up to the elbows as though he were ready to get to work was small comfort in the face of her dirty face. Her clothes still smelled of ozone and the acrid tang of metal that settled in the back of your throat and stayed there for hours. She found herself transfixed by the muscles in his arms that seemed unlikely to have developed solely through lifting books. He wasn't a bodybuilder by any means, but the guy was built . Annnd she was staring. That had to stop. "No, you're right. I'm hopeless," she huffed with annoyance, redirecting her elevated heart rate and increased breathing into more manageable frustration. "My sister wants this book that the library in our neighborhood doesn't have, and when she found out I was working here for the next two months, she begged me to come get it during my lunch break." He listened as she spoke with a kind, earnest look on his face, and she could feel the back of her neck heat up. "So… if you know where the cookbooks are, I'd um, appreciate it," she finished lamely. "Well they're definitely not here in the sex psychology section," the man grinned. The flush on the back of her neck took over her entire face. "Wow…" he stammered, rubbing the back of his neck, blushing himself, "despite its accuracy, that might just be the least professional thing I have ever said." Katniss scowled silently, uncertain what to say and hoping he'd just leave so she could wander through the shelves, alone with her confusion at both the system of organization and his behavior. "Can we start over before I just turn myself into my boss and beg him to fire me?" he asked sheepishly. Crossing her arms, she lifted her eyebrow, and her scowl faded slightly. "I'll take that as a yes," he exhaled with relief. He took four large steps away from her, then turned around, and regarded her as though for the first time. "Excuse me, but is there something I can help you find?" he asked in voice so formal she had to frown hard to choke back her laugh. But instead of smiling, he looked at her inquisitively, as though he was really being serious. When she shrugged, he nodded encouragingly, and there was nothing else she could really do but play along. "I'm looking for," she fumbled in her pockets and pulled out the scrap of paper that Prim, groggy from her night rotation in the ER, had scrawled the title on this morning, " Artisan Bread in Five Minutes A Day." He lifted his eyebrows in pleased surprise, "Your sister has good taste." He shook his head and slipped back into his formal voice, "I mean, so you're looking for the Artisan Breads in Five Minutes A Day book of recipes?" "That's what I said, isn't it?" Maintaining her glowering was taking a surprising amount of work. "Yes, it is," he made a gesture leading her toward a computer terminal at the end of the shelving. "But you'd be surprised how often people ask for one thing, when they really want something else." "So that's your job? Figuring out what people want when they haven't even realized it yet?" Her breath caught in her throat at the look he gave her. "Yes," he exhaled, holding her gaze for about thirty seconds too long. "Well, I already know what I want. I just can't find it." The kind, helpful, formal tone was back, "Have you looked in our catalog? They're installed on all of the open access terminals." "My hands are dirty. I figured if I found the cookbooks, I'd just find it." "That's probably true, but it might take a while," he said, focusing on the computer as he began typing rapidly. "Let's just find the call number." Blue eyes scanned the screen quickly, "Ah, there it is. Do you mind?" he asked, tentatively reaching out for the crumpled paper in her hand. "Sure," she handed it over. Her fingers brushed his, and the exhilaration was back, but quickly extinguished by her embarrassment at the state of her ragged, dirty fingernails. She could feel him tremble, just a tiny bit, and then his touch was gone. After writing down a ridiculously long collection of numbers and letters, he led her down the claustrophobic spaces in-between the shelves. The stale, vinegary odor of the older books overpowered the reek of her clothes. It was a nice smell. "Here we are," he stopped and knelt, scanning the shelf. She had to force herself not to look at the way his ass filled out his pants when he did. Instead she started reading the titles on the books in front of her. "And here's your book. Next time, if she'd like, you sister can order the book online and have it delivered to your local branch. It usually only takes a few days." "Doesn't that put you out of a job?" she smirked, remembering his earlier comment. He looked at the floor, and then tilted his head and snuck a glance at her. "No, but it does put me in an unfortunate position." There was a pregnant pause. "It means I don't get to see you again." When she got back to the site, she had never been so thankful to pull down the shield of her welding helmet. It hid the flush that stayed with her for the rest of the afternoon. "You come here often?" a vaguely familiar voice asked as she waited in line at the food truck. She swung around so quickly that her braid smacked him in the face. "What are you doing here?" she asked bluntly, too startled to apologize. He laughed, "Well, this is the best truck in the city. Not to mention it is directly in front of my place of employment. So… getting lunch? I should be asking what you're doing here, really." "Trying to figure out what Korean barbeque tacos are," she muttered with embarrassment. "I forgot lunch today and I don't have a lot of time." "Order the pork rib on a steamed bun. Actually… order seven of them. You won't regret it." She didn't. In fact, she came back for more. "We really have to stop running into each other like this," he ruefully rubbed his head, sprawled on the floor after they had collided in front of the ATM in the back of the WaWa. "It's not my fault you're everywhere I go," she spat defensively as she stood. The shocked look on his face tugged at her heart unexpectedly. He had smacked the side of his skull against the cash machine and the point of impact was starting to swell. He at least deserved a little courtesy. It wasn't really normal for her to reveal much personal information, but it seemed like the best way to even things out. "I don't even know this city. We just moved here in at the end of August so my sister could start med school at Temple. I've never had fusion Korean barbeque, or whatever other weird stuff it is around here that you eat. I'm not used to all these people in one place." "So you don't know Philly at all?" he looked at her like a man who was full of ideas. She shook her head. "How about this, then," he started hopefully. His voice held just a sliver of shyness that made it almost unbearably sweet. "If the past week is any indication, we seem to have lunch at the same time every day, neither of us appears to have anyone to have lunch with, and I have an easy way to get to places that are worth seeing. Let me show you around?" "I mean, I have my truck," she muttered, not mentioning the fact that typically she preferred to eat lunch alone. "Trust me, this is better," he grinned. "Just meet me on the corner of Twentieth and Wood on Monday, same time that you eat lunch. I promise, you won't regret it." "What will I get out of this?" "At the very least, you can share the knowledge with your sister I understand medical school is pretty stressful. She probably doesn't have time to explore. I bet she'd appreciate knowing places to go with the new friends she makes." Katniss said nothing, just looked at him warily. "I'm not a murderer, just an art librarian. And my name's Peeta Mellark, by the way." "Fine. But I'm bringing a wrench just in case, and if you try anything, I'll break all of your fingers." His smile lit up the entire convenience store. "You want me to get on this ?" she demanded, rubbing her hands against the rough material of her work pants as they stood in front of a burnt orange, vintage Vespa. "That's the idea," he grinned, zipping up his snug brown leather jacket. "Although it'd be nice if you told me your name first. And obviously you have to wear a helmet." "Katniss Everdeen. And are you sure this thing can go