Peeta Mellark was sick of lying. He'd been doing it all day. In fact, he'd been doing it all day, nearly every day for the past five years. "Giving things a positive spin," they called it in his firm. It wasn't really prevarication, because "truth" didn't really exist. The embarrassing or even reprehensible behaviors of their clients were explained away or twisted into whatever was more acceptable to the public. Reality was subjective and for approximately three thousand dollars a month, you could make your own. Which worked in his favor most of the time. Though he didn't consider himself a liar, per say, Peeta had always been good at lying. He had to be, with a mom like his had been. Getting out of trouble had been essential; the alternative had meant bruises that ached for days in places where no one would notice. It meant cruel words that gnawed their way into his soul and slept there, only to wake again in his quiet moments alone. So at quite a young age he had gotten really good at talking himself out of things. All grown up, with his mother nothing more than a dead woman that he had nightmares about sometimes, the skills she had unintentionally forced her son to learn proved fruitful when it came to keeping Hollywood's best and brightest in the good graces of their viewing public. Very fruitful. Six figures fruitful. He was respected in the industry as one of the very best. A rising star, even. But at the end of the day, it all left him feeling like there wasn't really an accurate way to tell the difference between what was real, and what wasn't. Especially at the end of days like today, when he had spent the entire afternoon trying to boost the image of a washed-up jerk of an actor just enough to get him a recurring role on a television series that Peeta actually really liked. "Sorry, Dean," he muttered, hitting send on the email to Cato's agent. "But it's not like things didn't go sour about three seasons ago." He sighed heavily, just as Delly opened the door to his office. "So you sealed the deal?" she smiled widely, sitting his coffee mug on his desk. Peeta pinched the bridge of his nose and ignored the fact that the relationships between his clients and the public were never really things that could be sealed. "I think so," he grunted. "Unless Cato manages to get himself arrested for possession in the next few weeks, there'll be nothing but good news, and his agent thinks he's got the job." "That's wonderful!" Delly somehow managed to beam even wider. He smiled in spite of himself and picked up the mug, "Yeah, I guess so. He's paying double, so there's that. Also it means he's off to Vancouver and out of my hair for the next few months. The guy really didn't get the concept of scheduled appointments." Delly sorted through some contracts on his desk as he took the first sip of the steaming beverage. It tasted very, very wrong. "What the hell is this?" he demanded, inappropriately angry for the situation. Without looking up, she answered, "Tea." "I don't drink tea . Where's my coffee?" Gathering the last of the paperwork, Delly looked him straight in the eye. "It would have been your seventh cup." " Delly ," he said in a warning tone. She utterly ignored his fury, and smiled instead. She was always smiling. "Please, there's no need to thank me when you don't die from high blood pressure at the ripe old age of thirty-five." "Coffee has a host of health benefits–" he started. "Within moderation," she interrupted. "Look at you, Peeta. Your eye has been twitching since lunch." "If you'd spent the morning on the phone with Cato, your eye would be twitching too." "That's just it, though! You spend the morning on the phone with him, or at least people like him, almost every day. You're going to lose your mind if you don't start to relax. And that means less caffeine. I saw it on Dr. Oz." "That man is a quack and a menace," Peeta sighed. "Maybe, but I'm pretty sure his eye doesn't twitch," Delly responded airily. Were Delly anyone else, he would have sent her packing the minute the tea had touched his lips. Only two weeks ago, he had fired a junior associate (who also happened to be fifteen years Peeta's senior ) for what had been, in the grand scheme of things, a pretty minor oversight. Brutus, though he hadn't been particularly great at his job, had been with the firm for years simply because no one had the motivation to fire him. The older man had been pissed that, out of everyone, it was some angel-faced kid who had the balls to do him in. But Delly Cartwright wasn't some old guy to whom he had no real ties. She wasn't like everyone else. She was from home. The only one who knew who Peeta really was. Or, at least, who he had been once. Two years ago, the Cartwrights had died in a car accident on the way home from a casino. Peeta hadn't known about it until months after the fact. He hadn't spoken to Delly, or anyone else from back home, for years. At least not until he signed into Facebook on a rare slow day at Capitol PR, the firm where he had been working since his undergrad internship. If he was honest with himself, he only ever used social networking to gloat. But when he'd noticed a public conversation between Delly and some other girl from their high school, he hadn't felt particularly proud of how far he'd come. In typical shameless Delly fashion, they were publically discussing the fact that her brother was probably going to have to drop out of college. The Cartwrights had unsurprisingly brought the family's finances to the verge of complete collapse. Not only that, but they were suddenly and unexpectedly dead, and Peeta hadn't even known about it for months. For reasons he had barely understood but could not ignore, he'd sent Delly a message, offering her a job significantly better than the one she had. A job he made up, and had to convince the firm's senior partner they actually needed after the fact. Of course Delly had been thankful. In fact, her response had been so overflowing with gratitude, that he'd felt uncomfortable. She'd told him she wasn't surprised, that he had always been so incredibly kind and caring, just like a brother to her when they'd been kids. Accepting his offer, she had moved to LA in a matter of weeks and her brother stayed in school. He was about to graduate with a degree in architecture. The kid was really talented. There had been a few hiccoughs at first, specifically when Peeta had tried to take her home one Friday night after a few drinks. You couldn't really blame him – she'd somehow manage to grow into body that rivaled Christina Hendricks', and he was just a guy with a dick, after all. But as soon as he had leaned in to kiss her, she had wrinkled her nose in the closest thing to disgust she had ever seen on his face. With a squeaky, "Peeta, you're like my brother !" his desire to see if her tits were just as bouncy and fun-loving outside of the confines of her bra as they were in it had been completely annihilated, never to return. But it wasn't the potential threat of a retaliatory sexual harassment case that had convinced him to keep her around. As it turned out, he benefited from an administrative assistant after all. Delly did more than keep track of his appointments; she kept track of him in a way that no one had cared to in years, possibly ever, actually. And the best thing about it was she had absolutely no agenda other than just being… nice . "I have an early Christmas present for you," she said happily, well aware that she had won the coffee argument for the time being. He sipped the tea bitterly. "If it involves green juice, I'll accept your resignation at the end of the day." Delly actually rolled her eyes as she tossed an envelope onto his desk. It was made of rough-looking paper, decorated with a red, four-petaled flower wearing a crown He lifted his eyebrow at her in disbelief. He didn't know what this was, but it wasn't exactly the kind of thing a man in an Armani suit carried around. "Just open it, Peeta," she all but danced with excitement. A few months ago, a very thankful client had bought him a ridiculously expensive and unnecessary carbon-fiber letter opener. Of course Delly insisted he keep the thing as a matter of principle, but it was too much even for him. Using it made him feel like a douchebag. But as he sliced through the paper with the thing, while Delly watched eagerly, he laughed for the first time all day. Her enthusiasm was contagious, especially when she seemed to be on the edge of her seat, waiting for his reaction. The situation reminded him of something that danced on the edge of his memory. Something that life and stress had pushed away years ago, convinced it wasn't important. But maybe it really was. He pulled out a thick sheet, similar to the envelope. It had been printed by hand with a letterpress. He ran his fingers over the indentations in the paper. It was the same logo, a red flower with a crown, but the words "Red King Herbalists" were printed underneath in a typeface that he would have had pretty strong opinions about ten years ago when art school seemed like a legitimate option. Ignoring the excellent kerning and the sharpness of the serifs, he allowed himself to actually take in what the words were saying. "Delly, I told you I don't want a massage," he sighed. "You can't set a foot inside one of those places without people trying to get at you for some kind of an in. The staff, the clients, every single person who comes in the door of a spa wants something from everybody else. It's not exactly my idea of a relaxing environment away from work." Instead of being crushed, as he had expected with just a bit of guilt, Delly was just insistent. "I know you don't like those, and I understand, but this is different." "It better not be one of those places masquerading as a Chinese restaurant. I let Marvel talk me into going to one once and I just ended up with more fried rice than any human can possibly consume. No happy endings, just a lot of sodium." She made a choking squeak that was halfway between a sound of discomfort and a laugh. "No, no," she finally said, clearing her throat. "This is a little place in Silver Lake. They have an urban farm, and sell fresh produce and herbs, and essential oils and things. Very hip but you know, in that earthy kinda way? I dated the owners' brother for awhile. He was really handsome, gorgeous really, but he really had some anger issues." "Wait, what? You were dating someone?" "Peeta, I've dated a lot of people," Delly said reproachfully. "You just never asked." "Alright, alright, I'm sorry," he took a deep breath. "I'll get the stupid massage. But it's not going to work." "Oh yes, I forgot, because you are so much more stressed than any human ever has been before or since, that there is no way anyone could possibly help you relax," she snapped. For a moment, neither of them said anything. For him to get Delly angry, he really had to be crossing some line. A line he didn't really have a