AN- THANKS FOR CLICKING ON MY STORY. IF THERE ARE ANY ERRORS PLEASE TELL ME. I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON OR ANY OF THE OTHER MAJOR CHARECTERS. QUOTE OF THE DAY I'll never stop dreaming that one day we can be a real family, together, all of us laughing and talking, loving and understanding, not looking at the past but only to the future. ~~ LaToya Jackson Chapter 1 The forgotten ones I was running down a field my legs were short and I wasn't covering much distance. I could hear yelling coming from behind me, those must be my attackers. Sweat poured down my face and my lungs where starting to hurt and all I wanted was to stop and lie down. My head swung back and I saw kids no older than eight chasing me. My head whirled back and far in the distance so far you could barely see them, thousands of buildings stood as tall as giants. New York City, what I would give to be in there instead of this park running from some eight-year-old brats. I made a sharp turn into the tree line and I forced my self to run faster and to jump over the fallen trees. More than once I almost I almost lost my balance. After what seemed like forever of running the yelling became farther back, I made another sharp turned and started running left. When I felt like I was safe I hid behind a tree. My legs stung and when I looked down I noticed my legs were covered in blood from running through branches. I could still hear the squeal like yelling noises coming from my chasers. I sat down and put my head in my heads, they where going to find me and the longer it was, the madder they were going to be. I couldn't hide forever; soon they were going to show up whether it was now, ten minutes, tomorrow, or the day after. I can't hide from the neighborhood bullies they knew where I live, what grade I'm in, what school I go to. It was unavoidable. I should turn my self in they might go easy on me. "You're bleeding" My head shot up so fast it hurt my neck. Instead of the jerks stood a little girl my age. She had giant glasses that took up to much of her face and she had a million curly hairs surrounding her little face. She was about my height, which was considered short. Her clothes where dirty like she spent her days in the woods and scene we were in the woods I bet she did. I knew her; her name was Annabeth we were in the same class. She was a smarty-pants and always had her hand up. The kids made fun of her instead of me at school however, she still had friends. Those weirdos who all didn't belong. I should have been in their group but I preferred to be by myself. I didn't belong in any group. "Percy right, you're the quite kid in my class?" That made me angry she could hardly judge me we were both losers. "And you're the know it all Annabeth," I scowled at her "Now that were introduced leave me alone!" "Your hiding from someone," She began, behind those huge glasses you could see her gears turning in those gray eyes, she was trying to figure me out. "And seeing how you don't have friends they are probley bullies." Behind her bushes began to move and my eyes widen in fear " Leave" I hissed. "Please," She rolled her eyes "Luke I'm over here" The sound of footsteps and leaves crunching came faster and louder as the got closer. I closed my eyes "Annabeth" I whispered shouted "run" Just as I said that a boy are age hoped at out of the bushes he didn't notice me and spoke only to Annabeth "Told you there was nobody over here" he had a huge grin on his face " told you so, told you so, but you didn't listen "he chanted "Luke 1, Annabeth 600. Looks like I'm getting smarter, watch out Annie I'm going to be the smarty-pants of 1st grade soon. I told you it was a rabbit but you refused to listen and said no Luke someone's out there. Ha Ha told you so! Annabeth and I watched him dance around when he stopped he wasn't facing Annabeth anymore he was facing me. His shoulders dropped and he looked defeated. " Poop" he whined "you were right, Luke 0, Annabeth 601" Annabeth smiled, "Luke you should have learned by know that I am always right." Luke smile came back on as he looked at her. Annabeth looked back at me " You know Percy he's in our class." Luke looked at me " yeah the loner" I stood up and wiped the dust off of me " look if your done making fun of me I have a couple of people waiting to do that so you're going to have to get in line." I began to walk off Annabeth called to me " you don't have to be friendless, you can start over, learn to not let the making fun bug you. If you're tired of being alone follow us." I could hear her and Luke walking the other way. She was right I didn't always have to be alone. I turned around and started to follow her. They never talked to me while we walked but Annabeth turned around for a few seconds a smiled at me. That small thing made my heart race. Ten minutes later we were at a huge tree house that look like it was there forever. The tree was huge and it seemed like it went all the way to the clouds. How did I never see it at the park it stood over the other trees? The tree house looked like a cabin up there. It was so tall and so high up. I looked at the wood that was nailed against the tree, that must have been a lader. "How do you get up there" I asked annabeth. She smiled at me and my heart raced again "We climb the ladder for a while but realized that wasn't the safest thing. So we came up with a solution to tie a rope to the top and wrap it around the waist so if we let go something would catch us." (AN- I KNOW THAT'S NOT SAFE, BUT JUST GO WITH IT) Where's the rope" I questioned. "Right over here" Luke answered While I had been staring at the tree Luke had gone over and had climbed another tree. Walking over I noticed he was untying a rope from the tree I followed the rope up and saw it tied to the porch of the tree house. Luke let go of the rope and it fell right in front of the steps Annabeth looked at me " go on" I must have looked scared because annabeth smirked a me " unless you're to scared" I snatched the rope and tied it around my waist. Looked at annabeth who just smirking at me I gave her a glare and started to climb. After five minuets I got to the top and started to pull my self up when someone grasped my two hands and pulled me up. I must have screamed because two people were rolling on the porch laughing. "That's not funny," I yelled at the two people After they stopped laughing they stood up and smiled at me. I recognized them as Travis and Connor Stoll, the twins that were in my class. "Sorry, we were just trying to help but you should have seen your face, so funny." Said one twin "Yeah" said the other twin "so funny! I wish I had my moms camera" You're in our class right" continued the opposite twin as he walked over to the rope that was now on the floor. "I'm guessing Annabeth was right, once again, and someone was out there. " "Yup" Travis or Conner let the rope fall then turned back to me "I'm Travis and that's Conner. We will let you see the others." As we walked through the door my mouth dropped the place was huge. There where lawn chairs everywhere and lamps set on small patio desks. There was a ladder that led to the next floor and a fire pole on the other side. "Everyone's on the third floor" came a voice behind me I turned around and smiled, Annabeth and Luke had made it to the top. "How did you get up here so fast" "Practice" she replied, "Follow me" Luke, Travis, Conner, and I followed her up the latter past the second floor that had bean bags and other stuff and up to the third floor that had blankets and pillows and lamps all over. Five other people where up here, I recognized all them from my class, and as the group that didn't belong. Piper, Selena, Beckendorf, Leo, and Katie. I learned a lot about them that day like how Selena and Piper were half-sister and Leo and Beckendorf where also half brothers. Also that Conner and Travis were adopted by Luke's family. I spent till dark at the house telling jokes and laughing with the group. Then everything started to go faster I saw scenes of us spending the night at the tree house, sitting with the group at lunch, laughing with annabeth, pulling pranks on the girls, the girls laughing at the guys, I saw them standing up for me, I saw me punching a guy for making fun of annabeth glasses. Luke and I sword fighting with sticks, starting 2nd grade, more sleepover at the tree house we started calling Olympus. Annabeth, Luke and I going to the city to surprise Annabeth with going to the museum, I saw millions of flashes of me staring at Annabeth or laughing with her or me trying to make a fool out of my self to make her smile. I saw Luke and I going to Yankee and Mets game and the guys and I going to football games. I saw Annabeth and I sitting in a church and everyone was wearing black, Annabeth was crying and all I could do was put my arm around her shoulder. Then everything started to slow I saw the group at Olympus everyone was sad. Annabeth keepted looking over at me with tears in her eyes and every time I wanted to make her feel better but I knew I couldn't. After awhile I got up and so did everyone else. All the girls except Annabeth gave me hugs and the guys just smiled and told me good-bye. I walked over to the ladder and Annabeth just stood there with her head down. As I got to the bottom of the tree I looked up and all my friends where there waving goodbye. I keeped walking till I got to a familiar spot. It was the spot where I chose not to be a loner where I decided that I wanted friends. It was the place where I made the best decision of my life. I heard a tree branch snap and Annabeth was there. She rushed forward and gave me a hug. We stood there a minute hugging and I never wanted to let go of her I just wanted to stay there forever, but she pulled away and we keaped walking. When we got to my house we stared at the FOR SALE sign and the stupid little sign that said SOLD. She gave me one last hug and walked away never looking back. That's it I thought, I never want to feel this pain again. No getting attached, no more heartbreak, In California it's going to be different. Forget this, forget them,