AN- okay, so I was sitting in my car with my parents and I got this thought what was it like for Luke being a demigod. We know that he wasn't always bad. What were his thoughts on betraying his friends? Did he ever regret his choice and what made him fall in love with Annabeth? "Luke I'm scared" I looked to he little blonde girl next to me and pulled her close to me. She was covered in dirt and there was fear in her gray eyes. "Its okay Annabeth. Remember my promise," I whispered in her ear. She looked into my eyes and nodded her head and we continued to run. Five months ago, Thalia and I had been traveling in Richmond, Virginia and we found her hiding in a trashcan alone and scared that the monsters would find her. She had told me her family didn't want her and my heart broke. In that moment I swore to myself I would protect her even if it could mean my own death. Since then I had become her father, her brother, her best friend, her hero and I was determined to make sure I did not fail her, like her last family did. Protecting her became my number one goal. "We're close I promise. Just little farther." I looked forward to see Grover dashing ahead looking back to make sure Thalia was okay. Grover the sweet, naive satyr was under strict orders only to bring Thalia back with him no matter what. Nevertheless he took pity on Annabeth and me and let us tag along. Thalia looked back at me and gave me smile that made my heart stop. A year ago we had met in a dragon's cave near Los Angeles and together we traveled around the US, fought monsters. She was the first person I had ever meet that I could relate to. She ran away from home, her dad was never there, her mom was too sick to take care of her, and she was a demigod who was never safe. She became the only person to understand me. Then we found Annabeth. Another demigod who ran away from home, whose dad never cared, whose mother never showed up, and always had monsters right behind her. Sometimes I felt that Annabeth had it worse then both of us. Thalia's mom was a drunk and mine was so sick she forgot who she was but deep down they both cared about us. Annabeth dad didn't have the time for her and her stepmother didn't want anything to do with her. A loud roar interrupted my thoughts and bolder came flying over our heads. "Grover look out!" Annabeth cried I looked ahead to see Grover farther ahead oblivious to the boulder flying towards him. Fortunately Annabeth warning had made him dive to side and boulder hit the tree that was in front of him. I was about to think that the gods had blessed us when the tree that had been hit fell to where Grover was and heard him cry out in pain. It missed him, Grover's fine. I repeated it over and over in my head. I ran to where Thalia was kneeling and saw Grover pinned with thousands of branches covering him. "I think my leg is broken" Grover muttered "Go on without me." Annabeth knelt beside him and grabbed his hand. "Grover you have to get up. If you don't you'll die" Grover looked at her and smiled but it was filled with pain "It's okay. I will come back as a flower or tree or something." He sounded hopeful "I'll be more useful then. You guys have to keep moving. I will only slow you down." Annabeth face filled with anger " Grover Underwood you get up right now. You still have get your searchers license and find Pan." Suddenly a tree landed ahead of us and everything slowed down. I looked a Thaila who looked like a plan was forming in her head. I looked at Grover yelling at me to leave and get everyone to safety. Then I looked at Annabeth who was looking back at me pleading for me to help Grover. Her eyes were filled with hopefulness and I knew I couldn't let her down. "Thalia get Annabeth out of here." I yelled over the sound of roars and trees falling around us. She gave me a look of shock. "We stay together," she yelled back. "I'll catch up. I need to help Grover." I pulled Annabeth up and kneeled in front of her. "Go with Thalia, Annabeth. I'm gonna help Grover." Her eyes filled with fear "Let me help." Her voice was pleading and her eyes were begging me not to leave her. "I will be there soon. Get to camp and don't let Thalia do anything stupid." "Promise me you'll hurry" "I promise. And you know I never break a promise." Annabeth stood up, gave me a hug and then grabbed Thalia's hand. Thalia shoat me a look of uncertain "Splitting up is bad" she muttered "Leaving someone behind is worse." . "Hurry okay" she whispered. She looked like she was going to say somthing then she was pulling Annabeth into the woods. I looked back at Grover "Lets hurry" When Grover and I Finally got the tree I looked down a winced. Grover's furry leg was bent in an awkward position and just looking at it made my leg hurt. "Okay Grover where does it hurt on your leg" He started to breath faster and faster "the front of my leg" He breathing didn't start to slow down. "Grover calm down okay. You're going into shock. Focus on my breathing." I made a big effort to slow my breathing down. "Okay I have to set the knee cap back." I broke of a branch "put this in your mouth" He gave me an uncertain look but did as he told. "On the count of three okay" he nodded "one, two" then I snapped the leg cap and Grover let out a scream. "What the Hades Luke! What happened to three?" I shrugged and helped him back on his hooves. He looked down at the fallen tree " poor tree" he muttered. I put his arm around my shoulder so I was supporting him and started to pull him the way Thalia and Annabeth ran. It took about ten minuets but I finally saw my friends just a little ahead. "Told you I would see you again" I called Annabeth spun around and her face brightened "Luke" she called happily Thalia turned around with a shocked expression " To be honest I didn't think you would make it" she called out teasingly. Her and Annabeth ran over and Thalia put Grover's other arm around her shoulder. "Yee of little faith" I said jokingly. I looked at Annabeth "I never break my promises huh Annabeth?" She laughed "never" We wandered farther and farther into the forest putting distance in-between the monsters and us. Every now and then we would hear a roar or flapping of wings but right when I started to think we were going to make it. Then it started to rain and we could barely see in front of us. Then the ground started to become slippery and Grover was getting heavier and heavier. "Grover" Thalia called "yeah" "Does this place have a way to keep out the monsters" her voice had a small quiver and I wanted to tell everything was going to be okay. But I couldn't lie to her. "Well there's about two hundred trained demigods and we can usually kill the monsters before they get to camp." He was trying to sound confident but I heard him mutter "but there hasn't been this big of an attack" I couldn't breath. There was no safe place for us. There were two hundred demigods up ahead and I was leading an army right to them. Grover's head snapped up "two miles till we reach camp. I can smell it." I gave him a look "What can you smell?" "Satyrs can smell out demigods Luke." Annabeth said like it was obvious, "That's why they're our protectors. They can smell us from a distance. Right Grover?" Grover nodded "You have this nasty, wired stench. Its kind of hard to miss" "Gee thanks" Thalia muttered and I was about to laugh but Annabeth throw her knife and a piercing howl went though the air, then the hellhound dissolved into dust. "Run!" she yelled I mentally cursed myself. I had let my guard down and allowed a hellhound get within ten feet of us. If Annabeth wasn't so skilled with a knife we would have been dinner. Thalia and I carried Grover faster and Annabeth ran and scooped up her knife. That's when everything went down hill. The ground started to shake from the Cyclopes that were starting to catch up. "Leave me behind" Grover called out "I'm just slow—Thalia where are you going" I looked over Grover and saw that Thalia was no longer there instead she was standing watching the monsters get closer and closer. I looked down the hill and saw cabins and a farmhouse. They where so close but yet so far. "Thalia" I screamed "What are you doing" She looked back at me "buying you time." Annabeth let go of my hand and ran to Thalia. "No Annabeth you have to go with Luke. They want me." I carried Grover back over and I could see the monsters getting closer. "Thalia the camp is like a mile away." She gave me an angry look "And I will be sending the monsters right to them" "Thalia" I pleaded She gave me a sad look and knelt in front of Annabeth who was crying "Be strong okay. Your special Annabeth and I'm sorry your family couldn't see that." Thalia pulled Annabeth into a hug "you'll be the smartest of us all Annabeth. They'll right legends about you." She looked at Grover and gave him a hug "I owe you my life Grover. You didn't have to bring them, you could have just left them but you didn't. You will be the one to find Pan. I can feel it" Her blue eyes met mine and she pulled me into a hug. Then she did something that surprised me. She kissed me. It was short but I could feel my heart stop. "The Gods are cruel." She whispered as she pulled away. I didn't say anything my brain was frozen "you have to get out of here. Take care of Annabeth you two. You're all she's got now." She said to Grover and I. I didn't want to leave but I knew if Thalia was going to die this is how she wanted it. To die for the people you love is a hero's death." I pulled Grover back and grabbed Annabeth hand "no" she screamed, "I wont leave her" she started to pull away but I kept my hand locked around her wrist. We were halfway down the hill when I looked back. Thalia was right in the middle of the hill when I saw her raise her spear and lightning shot out of it and it hit the Cyclopes in front of her right in the stomach. The big idiot fell on his butt, however he just got back up. Thalia was the only thing standing between an army of monsters and the camp. Grover was still yelling at me that I should have left him and gotten away. That's when Grover pulled away from me and fell on the ground. I stared at him as he stood up then fell again. On the ground Grover gave me a look " go help her" he yelled at me. I ran towards the hill and when I sensed someone next to me and gave a look. Annabeth was there with her knife drawn