Dear Annie, Love Finnick My dear Annie, I hope you never have to read this letter because if you do, that means that we've either lost or I'm dead. In a few hours, I will be leaving for the Capitol. I will fight the people who tried to take you from me and I will make sure that the man who did this to us is dead. I know you hate me for this, but it's something I have to do. After everything they have put us both through I cannot sit by and do nothing. I have to get my own revenge – I know that it's something you don't understand (I don't understand it either), but I have to do it. For us. But know that I will be thinking of you and of our time together every minute that I'm away from you and I will fight until I'm back in your arms, where I belong. I remember the first day that first properly brought us together. It was your Reaping Day, and when I heard your name being called out my heart sank, because I knew it was my fault. We had met only a few months previously and had only become casual friends but it was enough for Snow. Any kind of relationship that I had with a girl could threaten my image in the Capitol; therefore you had to be eliminated. And with the upcoming Games, what better way than that? I watched you walk up onto the stage and it was then that I realised I had to be your mentor because I needed to do anything to get you back to your family. I couldn't let another child die because of me. It was my fault that this happened to you Annie, and I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I remember when we were on the train and I remember the way you looked. You tried so hard to keep up that barrier between the real you and the rest of us. You tried so hard to be brave and unaffected…but I could see through it. I was the only one who could see how scared you were, and I was the only one who you let in. And I was so grateful for that. I still am. Thank you, for letting me past those walls and for letting me in all those years ago. At first I tried to keep my distance and not get attached because that would make this so much harder. But when I heard you quietly crying at night, I couldn't leave you alone. I was the only one who you would let hold you and comfort you until your tears dried up. But then you would laugh and tease and pretend that nothing was wrong. But I could still see the fear in your eyes and it made me sick – how someone could do this, not just to you but to hundreds of other children. It made me want to kill someone again. And then came the training. I had to sit by and watch you train to kill or be killed. I had to look at you every night and see how hard you were trying to be tough and immediately I knew what you were doing; you were trying to get yourself in with the Careers. I didn't know whether I was angry or impressed with that. Either way, it's what you did. After a while they accepted you and you officially became a Career tribute. And there was nothing I could do about it, because as much as I hated to admit it I knew it was your best chance of survival. The training scores and interviews passed by in a blur for me. I could never bring myself to focus on them because I hated them with all of my being. I hated the way that the Game makers judged these children like prize animals. Who is more likely to kill everyone else, wonder? What are the odds, and are they in their favour? And I hated the way that they put them all up for show, like they weren't forcing all of them to fight to the death. I hated how they had to pretend to be attractive and funny and fierce, purely because they relied on the goodwill of the citizens to let them live. Otherwise they would die in the most disgusting way possible, all in the name of entertainment. I couldn't watch them do that to you. I just couldn't. I remember the day of the Hunger Games arriving. Watching you struggle to survive like that was almost too much to bear. I did anything and everything I could to get as many people to sponsor you as possible. But it was out of selfish reasons. I did it because you were in there because of me and I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I didn't get you out. You say I'm the best person you have ever met but you're wrong – everything I have ever done has been selfish but you just can't see it. But my attempt to help was only just enough. They sent you some food, but you had to share that out between the Careers so it never went very far. You had a knife and you managed with that, but I knew it was only a matter of time before it wasn't enough. I had never felt more helpless in my life, watching you in that arena desperate to survive. My help just wasn't enough for that and I'm sorry for that. I wanted to resent you for choosing the Careers because I know what they do; I've watched them year after year murder people in the most sickening way purely for sadistic pleasure. I tried, but watching your mind deteriorate hour after hour, day after day…I couldn't do it. I could see what being with them was doing to you and I had to at least get you away from them. But you couldn't. You couldn't without being killed yourself, and you were a survivor so you were not going to let that happen. Finally, you did manage to escape them but I'm so sorry it took seeing that done to your district partner for that to happen. When you ran off and hid, I knew then that you might be finally in with a chance of winning. And when the flood came, then that was it. You were from District 4 and clearly the best swimmer. So I hoped, I prayed that it would be you that got lifted up out of the water. And when I saw your limp form clinging to the ladder, I felt like my heart had been relieved of a weight that was slowly and painfully crushing me. After so long, I could finally breathe. After so long, I felt hopeful and something akin to happiness. Thanks to you. I needed to see you again; I needed to touch you to know that you were alright, that you were going to live. I left immediately to find you and hold you like I did those nights on the train. But then I saw you, and I knew that you weren't alright. You were strapped down to the bed, kicking and screaming and crying because of what you had seen. Because of what they had done. And it broke my heart Annie, it broke my heart seeing you broken like that. I wanted to scream and cry with you, but I couldn't. There was too much anger and hatred in me towards the monsters that did this to you to let the tears come. So I held you and comforted you while the Games tortured you even after they were over. I swore to myself that I wouldn't let them get away with it. Someday, I would make Snow pay for what he did. Honestly, I thought that it would be something I could hold onto when I couldn't handle what he was doing to me anymore. I never actually thought that I would be given this opportunity, but now that I have it I'm going to take it with both hands. I'm going to make him suffer for what he did to you, no matter how much it hurts to leave you. There is no death too slow or too painful for Snow for what he has done. And if I don't come back, know that I died thinking of the feeling of you in my arms, and that I died happy knowing that I did what I could for your sake. I don't know if you remember the interview and recap of the Games, but I do. I remember every second of it, because I was burning with hatred and a rage that I had never felt before. It was so powerful I thought it would consume me and I would end up killing someone. I was disgusted that after everything they took from you: your family, your innocence, everything…after all that they still wanted to take away that little bit of stability that they had left you with. They made you watch yourself kill people, they made you watch other people get killed, and they made you watch what happened to the boy from our district. It made me sick! Watching you break down once more killed me, Annie. I had to watch them drag you off as you begged them to make it end, to make it stop. I had to watch as they sedated you and took you back to the hospital. They declared you mad and everyone believed them: the Capitol; the districts; even you. You would stare off into space, eyes unfocused and hands shaking so hard I had to hold them between mine (they were so cold, so pale, so thin). You asked me if it was true, if you were crazy, out of your mind, unfixable. I held you against me, kissed your head and told you it was all lies while I silently cried over the person that you could have been. I told you you weren't crazy. You were just broken and broken things can be mended. Tears started falling from your eyes but you registered neither them nor my words. You weren't even in this world. I could see you trapped in your own mind and you couldn't break free. They could have done anything they wanted to me and it wouldn't have hurt as much as watching you fight against your own body, and watching you lose. I would have done anything to bring you back to me, to your family, to your home. But there was nothing I could do – I could only watch and pray. It was around then that I realised I loved you. I didn't fall in love with the strong, confident and courageous fighter that went into the Games. No, I fell desperately in love with the brave but helpless and broken young woman that came out. I fell in love with the girl that had seen too much and whose mind was not as strong as she was. I fell in love with the fragile girl who needed me and who I never realised I needed. You saved me Annie. You don't know how much you saved me. You finally gave me something to live for. Every time I had to sell myself to the Capitol and I felt like I couldn't cope with it anymore, I would think of you waiting for me back home and it gave me strength to keep going. You hated that I had to take care of you, but it was that that helped me. I stayed up with you to keep the dreams away; I held you when you screamed until you stopped seeing what had happened to you; I brought you back into this