Katniss - It doesn't seem to matter even when I follow Snow's rules. The Districts are on the verge of rebellion. What does he expect me to do? He's playing another game with me and I can't win. But I keep trying anyways. I stick to Effie's cards after the fiasco in District 11. I let Peeta take the lead, only voicing my rehearsed lines when it feels appropriate. But it has no impact. If anything, it only riles the crowds up more. They seem to know that I am towing the Capitol line and they are dissatisfied with my performance. I am their puppet and the people are angry with me now. "Convince me," Snow had told me. My only hope of survival, of Peeta's survival, is that Snow and the Capital believe us. But my sinking suspicion is that it is all useless. A waste of whatever little time I'll have left when he's done with me for failing. After the District Tour, we race to the Capitol for the grand finale. I feel hollow inside, sure that I have failed Snow's mission. The nightmares are getting worse too the nearer we get. I barely sleep the final length of the trip, even with Peeta curled up beside me. His arms are like a shield, but even they can't hold back the flood of fear I feel. When we arrive, the Capitol is a sea of indulgence and excess as always. I make an effort to enjoy myself for the show of it, tasting bits of the dishes stacked high on gleaming tables. Fountains of food and Champaign line the outer edges of the President's Mansion garden. Every splendor the Capitol has to offer is on display. Even when I am stuffed on baked clams from District 4 and jellied pears from District 11, I feel hollow. This place is shallow, it's a lie. "I've had enough." Peeta scowls at the flutes of pink liquid being passed by the Avoxes to the party guests. "People are starving in the Districts and these people actually make a party of throwing it up so they can stuff themselves again." I understand his displeasure. I almost died at the age of 11 when my father died in the mines. I wasn't old enough to sign up for tesserae, and I was too young to fall prey to men of fortune like Cray (the head Peacekeeper). If it hadn't been for Peeta, I would have starved to death for sure. Right alongside with my mother and Prim. "I need to get out of here," Peeta says through clenched teeth. I can't agree with him more. I've had enough of this charade. Our rooms are in the Training Facility penthouse. The same place we stayed before going into the Arena for the 74th Hunger Games. Peeta turns away to head for his room but I catch his hand. "Please, stay with me." He catches my eyes. The bright blue irises search mine. I don't know what he sees there. Fear? Anger? I'm a mess of emotions, I don't even know myself. But he smiles and squeezes my hand. "Always." I let Peeta leave me to change into his night clothes, but he is back in my room no sooner than I've turned down the silk sheets. We crawl into bed together as we have every night on the train since the Victory Tour began. Peeta props himself up on the pillows and I settle down next to him, curling my legs up against his and laying my head upon his chest. His arms wrap around me and I can feel his fingers playing with my hair. It's comfort for my swimming head. I'm not used to drinking alcohol like Haymitch is and I had more than one glass of Champaign at the party. My eyes droop and it's only a matter of minutes before I fall asleep. I'm back in the Arena. I can hear Rue shrieking my name. I'm running through the trees, not caring how loud I'm being. All I know is that I have to get to her. I see the net. I see her thrashing helplessly. And then she's been stabbed and I let a single arrow fly. I've avenged my friend, but I'm too late. I'm always too late. Rue's eyes are clouding over as I hold her in my arms. "Katniss," her voice is a tremble and she gurgles blood as she stares up at me with those pleading, doe eyes. "Will you sing for me?" It costs me everything to not lose it. But I say my good-bye again. I sing for her about the mountains in District 12. The Mockingjays pick up the song and sing it back to me as I cover her body with flowers. I place three fingers to my lips and I raise my left hand into the air. I am resentful of all the Capitol has made me do. I am rebelling. I am a spark. Snow is in my house. He is telling me to convince him of my love for Peeta. He is threatening my family and Gale. He is threatening all I know, all I love. He is forcing me into a life with Peeta. He is taking even that way from me. It's not my decision. I try to tell him, "No." And I see the consequences of my actions. I see my family hanging from the trees of my hunting grounds. I see District 12 in ashes. I see Gale's pale face stuck on a fence post as a warning for anyone else who dares defy the Capitol. But it's not until I see what waits in the blackened shell of the bakery that I begin to shriek my head off. "Katniss!" My whole body is thrashing. I can't control myself as my arms flail wildly. There are hands on my arms and I rake my fingers into skin. "It's a nightmare," I hear Peeta's voice calling to me through the haze of my nightmare. "Katniss! Shh! I'm here!" The fog of sleep leaves my brain and I remember where I am. I'm in the penthouse of the Training Center. I'm in my bed. He's alive. I shake my head to clear it again and as my eyes adjust to the darkness, I can see the claw marks I have left on Peeta's forearms. I have wounded him, but he is staring at me with only one concern. Only one care in the world. Me. I'm a foolish girl. I'm self-centered. I keep trying to save the people around me, but I keep hurting them. I keep failing them. The weight of the world is too much for one seventeen year old to bare. I lose it then. A sob escapes and I cannot stop it. I don't have the strength anymore. I've spent it all for Snow and for his show. I'm broken. The bed creaks as Peeta shifts. He draws me to his chest, his chin resting on my hair as he feathers kisses upon my head. He coos softly to me, rocking gently as I cry against him and I am stunned again by the depths of his love for me. I'm struck, once again, by how I've hurt him by playing into Snow's demands. I wrap my arms around Peeta's back and I pull him closer to me, trying to melt into his skin. I'm tired of being me. I want to absorb some of Peeta's strength because I've given all of mine. And it strikes me then. There's a hunger that I felt once before, but I didn't know how to describe it. I was too terrified then, and what does it matter now? I've already pledged my life to Peeta by order of the Capitol. For the sake of the Districts. What can it harm me now to take something for myself? There is no audience. There are no camaras. This is for myself and for Peeta. It may be my last chance. I'm going to seize it. If he'll let me. I've done so much in the past few months to forget about the Arena. To forget about the pledges I made to Peeta then. Because, when I got home, I honestly wasn't sure where we stood. Was it love? Was it all a show? Was it to survive? What does any of it matter when our lives are no longer our own anyways? I just hope that we're on the same page. He must know, deep inside, that I'm not as indifferent to him as Snow would believe. My right hand slides slowly up Peeta's back, over his silk nightshirt and my fingers wrap into his beautiful blond hair. I can feel his body relax, his grip on my shoulders isn't as forced, but he doesn't let go. I swirl the fingertips of my left hand over his back, moving to the low arch of his spine and he exhales a shuddery breath. "Katniss?" His question is of my intentions and I don't feel the need to speak. He's always been the one good at talking. I've always believed that actions speak louder than words. I tilt my head up and I stare into his deep blue eyes. I try to show him everything I'm thinking in that one glance. I'm not certain he gets my full meaning, but I have other ways of showing him. His lips are soft and salty. Peeta moans into my kiss, letting me nibble on his lower lip as he rolls me onto his chest. I cradle his face with my hands as I continue to kiss him, my legs straddling his sides and I can feel something hard poking my abdomen between us. I'm not naive but it catches me off guard when Peeta rolls his hips upwards against me, driving the hardness between his legs into my belly. I can't help the startled gasp. Peeta freezes in an instant. His blue eyes snap into sharp focus and a line of worry creases his brow. "I'm sorry," he tells me and I hate myself for making him worry. I wash away his fear with a swift kiss and I whisper reassuringly, "I'm fine." It doesn't quell his worry. "We should stop," he tells me, but I don't agree. I don't want to stop. I want this. I want to hold onto something. Something the Capitol can never take away from me. I shake my head. "Please," I whisper against his ear. "Please, Peeta. Just... give me this one night to be mine and only mine." I don't know where the words come from, but the tears edging at the corner of my eyes are telling me they're true. I've never been more true to my heart than this moment. With my family and District 12 so far away and Peeta so close, it seems so simple. There are no games here. There are only the two of us. We are the only thing that is real. Peeta can't dismiss the truth in my words. He kisses the trail of tears that course down my face. His lips are sweet and soft as ever, but as they close around mine, I feel the hunger inside of him as well. I'm rolling again as he switches places with me. I part my legs so that he can sink his between mine. He's strong and my hands explore the curves and lines of every muscle in his chest beneath his nightshirt before I yank it up and over his head, tousling his blond hair. The space between us is too much and I pull him back down to me. I can feel the heat coming off him through my nightgown. His hands are hot as coals as they slide over my calves and then my thighs. I know his intention when his hands slip beneath my nightgown, grasping my bottom in both hands