Touch your thighs, I'm the lonely one Narc - Interpol Chapter 1 Pansy was skulking. This was accompanied by thoughts on how this wasn't how she envisioned spending her fifth year. The worst part was there were many things she would rather be doing at this very moment, but for today and many more days she would spend them following Potter or his posse. Between Umbridge and Draco's obsession with the boy it was a miracle that half of her year wasn't doing the same to curry favour. Of course most just found it not worth it to be within Potter's sphere of notice. Potter's claim of the darklord's return had thoroughly spooked people. She didn't care. One way or the other, she would have Draco's affections by the end of the year. Soon after that she would have the Malfoy name, wealth and power. She had been following Potter half-heartedly since the beginning of the school year. Becoming a prefect only seemed advantageous in bringing about Potter's downfall. Well atleast that was how Draco saw it. This following though was only by chance after she caught him skulking in the lower hallways. She couldn't resist tailing him, even if she was alone. It would be a brilliant if she could find out the secret meeting place of his little group. This could perhaps bring her and Draco closer. She shook her head of these thoughts of grandeur and focused. She focused on Potter, whom walked as uncertainly as she did; seeming to be following something she couldn't see. She followed him past a corner but stopped short in surprise. The hallway came to an abrupt end and she was quick to duck back before he saw her. She peaked around the corner to find him crouched against the wall fondling it experimentally. She ducked back weighing on whether or not to cut her losses before he caught on to her spying. The matter was left undecided as a short cry caught her attention. She risked a glance around the corner but the end of the hallway now lay empty. She approached fuming, upset that he had given her the slip into some kind of secret passage. Reaching his last position, she found herself giving a similar cry to the one she heard only moments before. Illusionary floor gave way under her and she found herself falling through the floor. Darkness gave way to instant blinding light and the ground rushing up to be the end of her. Her screams were cut off as her descent came to an abrupt end before she could paint the floor. The force holding her off the floor gave way and she hit the floor with a wince. She felt the plant life around her before she glanced around to find she was surrounded by it. For a second she thought she was in the herbology greenhouses but she quickly dismissed this as she fought off the disorientation. The plant life was clustered into a circular indoor garden, thriving with various magical plant life. She looked up to find Potter looking down at her expression suspicious with his eyes darting to their surroundings now and then. She winced half blinded by a bright halo above him. He stepped towards her and offered her a hand. She ignored it and promptly stood up and tried not to look as bewildered as she felt. "So you were the one following me" He said dejectedly having felt he was being watched. He turned to survey the room. The rest of the room was all stone with an artificial sun floating somewhere high above them. There was only one door, situated on the far side of the room. She ignored him and smirked "So this is where you and your little friends have been sneaking off too" Her smirk fell as Harry gave her an amused smile and walked away. "Who are you anyway" He asked behind him as he headed towards the only door in the circular room. To say she was offended was putting it mildly. "Your attempt to be insulting is child's play Potter" She said hesitantly following him. He stopped, looking back even more amused "I'm sorry" -He clearly was not- "I don't mean to insult but I don't think we've met. You're in Slytherin. Fifth year I think; I've seen you in potions" "Pansy Parkinson" She ground out glaring at him Potter gave a click of the fingers nodding to a complete picture now. "So why are you stalking me Pansy? You're one of Malfoy's minions right" She flinched at the use of her first name. "You're as narcissistic as expected Potter, the term coincidence describes this situation perfectly" He gave an irritated look and she responded with a half-hearted sneer. Harry sighed the anger away and tried to bury his annoyance. He opened the door and walked on. He paused startled as the room ahead was pitch black illuminated slightly by runes that glowed green on the ceiling. His skin prickled as a pressure seemed to close in around him. This was one of those moments he would have been glad to have Hermione with him. He wasn't sure if he should proceed, the pressure and runes putting him on edge. "You wouldn't be taking ancient runes would you Parkinson?" She pushed him aside coming to stand beside him. she immediately faltered and Harry caught her before she hit the ground. She shook him off and stood shakily. "Where are we Potter" "I'm not sure" She looked at him incredulously "I'm pretty sure I didn't ask you to run around stalking me" He bit out irritably. Harry was aware of the anger seemed to be constantly lurking inside him these days, and it took a moment to get it under control and breathe it out. Parkinson stepped away from him cautiously. "We should look for a way out" Harry said Walking deeper into the room, it came alive with small light fixtures around the room lighting up with half a dozen balls of light. The room resembled a common room, though this clearly wasn't made for a large number of people seemingly furnished for a small group or a single studious mind. Half the circumference of the room was lined with books. The other kept clear with a hearth, two couches and a small coffee table. The centre had a small study table to fit maybe four people. All was dust covered and musty. Both momentarily forgot about one another, focused entirely on the room. They walked deeper into the room catching a breeze gently flowing through the room. As they walked deeper the oppression and dust around the room receded. By the time they stood in the middle of the room, it was pristine. Parkinson sat herself on a chair as soon as they were close enough. She muttered something and Harry noticed she was hyperventilating, and sweaty as though she had just come from a jog. "Parkinson" Harry called out, testily laying a hand on her shoulder. "Something's wrong" She said weakly "Tired" Harry felt his apprehension rise at this. It was bad enough to be caught up in a secret room he found through more whispering parseltongue, now he had to be worried about one of Malfoys cronies. "Rest, I'll look around for a way out" He said uncertainly. He noted half the runes around the ceiling were no longer active and the others fading slowly. There were five doors equally distributed around the room (including the one they had just come from) and Harry set to exploring for an exit. His curiosity took a back seat as he looked through each door. He identified a lavatory and bathroom through the first door. Second came a featureless wide stone and runed room that otherwise looked unremarkable. Third was stairs leading up to god knows where. Fourth was sleeping quarters. Last was the door they came in from. Harry walked back into the plant room, checking for any exit he might have missed. There was no exit, and the artificial sun hid where they had fallen in from. He retreated back into the commons and found Parkinson now unconscious. It seemed too early in the year for a life threatening situation he thought. This did little to slow his rising panic. He tried to shake her awake but she didn't stir. "Rennervate" he cast on her but it only earned him a moan This was the last thing he needed and he silently cursed her for the panic he was feeling. He cast a lightening charm on her, before carrying her bridal style. He took a gamble assuming the stairs leading up were the exit, but trusted his instincts. It was a short climb up the stairs, which levelled out into a hallway with two paths. Left or right. He took the left and found his route illuminated by the same lights as the commons as well as well as runes lining the hallway ceiling. He came to the end with a single door. It didn't open when he awkwardly tried opening it. He lay his ward on the floor before scanning the door. There were words -assumed to be Latin- scrawled on it and they ended with snakes on either end. Uncertainty and apprehension took hold of Harry once more, the memory of the small snake carved into the floor of the hallway they fell through. He wondered if he had used parseltongue again without notice. "Open" He hissed at the door after studying the snakes on it. The door groaned and swung back. He took steps back and stood in front of Parkinson's unresponsive body, his wand out. The door revealed inky blackness that reflected nothing but continuously rippled. Harry cautiously approached and it lit up with sea green. Inky darkness gave way to watery surface that gave an obscured picture of hazy images behind it. Harry squinted and was pretty sure he could see some movement behind it. He groaned 'not that way then' He felt himself tire as he picked up Parkinson again, and noted his charm had worn off. He was momentarily puzzled as it should have been active longer than this. He tried to reapply it but it gave way a few seconds after he cast it. He gave up and picked her up and went back the way he came. Ten minutes later he found himself faced with another door. He hissed for it to open and it readily gave way. He noted the runes above him were gone. The door gave way to a darkened room. Harry stepped in cautiously but wasn't surprised to hear the door close behind him. An outline glowed ahead of him and swung open to an empty hallway. Harry stepped through warily giddy to be back in parts of the castle he was used to. Behind him a portrait closed the way he had come. The portrait which had been body length shrank to a small window size. Harry shook his head promising to ponder this at a later date. Xxx "Is she going to be alright?" Harry asked feeling his own fatigue catching up with him He sat on a cot next to Parkinson grateful to be off his feet. "She's going to be fine. She was just exhausted. Care to explain Mr Potter" Pomfrey asked expectantly This year was already volatile enough without him adding this to have used against him. He could lie but there was no guarantee that Parkinson would backup any lie he came up with. "I'm not sure" he said which was sort of true, he wasn't sure why she got exhausted so fast. "I heard a cry and investigated, she was in a hallway passed out on the third floor" he said shrugging at her raised brow. "You look thoroughly winded yourself, lay back while I look you over" He didn't argue and let her run her spells off him