Summary: When I signed up to be a demigod, I wasn't expecting this. Hell. I wasn't expecting to be so fuckin important, either. But NOTHING could have prepared me for this shit. I mean, why the fuck do two insanely pretty girls like me, Percy 'Sawblade' Jackson, Manhattan's punk kid? I don't own. All bands mentioned exist. I own ONLY Silent Masquerade, as it is MY band(even if I haven't recorded or published any of my music.) Uh, hi. I dunno why I'm doing this. It's stupid. I'm Percy Sawblade Jackson. Sawblade isn't really my middle name. I don't have one. But I got the nickname Sawblade after my idiot step-father decided to cut me up with one. I have a scar over my right rib, collar bone, and eye. I was ten. My mom, Sally Jackson, subsequently neutered him with a pair of old, dull, and rusty garden shears. He went to prison, and we moved across the city. She married again. A jerk named Gabe. Always bugged me for cash, even when I had none. Currently, I went to Yancy Academy. I had no hair on the left and right side of my head, and kept my face clean. The top and back of my head were arranged in a two inch tall mohawk, all black with auburn tips. My eyebrows had auburn ends, as well. I was 16, now. I stood at an impressive 6'3" tall, and was thin, but muscular. My eyes were sea-green. I wore a black Cannibal Corpse shirt, a black leather jacket over it, black denim pants, and a black leather belt with silver studs. I also wore black combat boots. My bottom lip had snake bite piercings, and my ears had a gauge the size of the head of a sixteen penny nail. I had one best friend, Grover Underwood. Small guy. Curly black hair, a wiry goatee, and a muscle disease in his legs. Excluding him from Gym class till eternity, and would not be noticed if an enchilada existed within his sniffer range. Yeah. Oh! Reminds me. Today, we're going to a Greek History museum. And Grover was nervous as a straight man in a gay bar. No idea why... We stood in front of a giant grave marker, and the Latin Teacher, Mr. Brunner, was going on about it. I read a lot, despite being dyslexic(I found out I could read Ancient Greek, and ordered my books in that language, and translated when I had to. I could speak it just as well as English, now.), and was good at reading people. Mr. Brunner was doing a decent job of hiding it, but he apparently knew the girl. Which seemed impossible, but I discarded impossible like trash. Impossible wasn't a cyclops stalking me when I was thirteen, or me petting a giant dog the size of a car. Nor was my apparent cryokinesis, and hydrokinesis. Yep. I can control water and ice. It became a joy of mine, and I later made money off it. I had been saving up since I was ten, and had around four grand in a bank account. It was hidden from Gabe, and I used it when Mom needed cash, or we went to Montauk for a weekend. "Mr. Jackson! Enlighten the class on the meaning of the images on the seele," Mr. Brunner called. I jerked, and looked at it. "That's Kronos, Titan King, eating his kids, Hades and Poseidon. He never ate Chiron, or his daughters, because Chiron wasn't a god, and Kronos' mother said one of his male god kids would overthrow him and rule Olympus. His wife, Rhea, replaced baby Zeus with a baby sized rock, and he went and trained with his domain: Lightning. "When Zeus go older, he fed his dad mustard and wine, and Kronos orally excreted his older sons. Then they fought, and Zeus cut Kronos to shreds, and spread him over the world. Then Zeus and Poseidon shortchanged Hades, and banished him from Olympus. Then Zeus became overly paranoid, and imprisoned all of Titan-kind, for the reason of lineage." Thunder boomed as I talked. I blinked. Under my breath, I muttered, "Ozone Breath." Thunder boomed louder, and my ears rang a bit. "Right... We best move along," the handicapped teacher said, looking pointedly at me, as Grover got more nervous. "Honey, come with me." Shit.. I turned, and followed my math teacher. She was Mrs. Dodds, a mean old lady who hated my guts. She was from Georgia, and wore a leather jacket. We stepped into an empty room, and my stomach flipped. I tensed my muscles, preparing to run. "Did you honestly think you would get away with it, demigod?" I blinked, not expecting that. "Can we start over? I'm not a demigod. Just a punk street performer." She merely glared, and began to shift into a fiery bat. "Where is it!? Where is the Lightning Bolt?!" She charged me, and I hit the deck. I swiped my hand left, and the air responded. A row of three water spikes formed, and became ice, before firing at the lady "What ho, Percy!" I turned to see Mr. Brunner throw me a pen. What now? Write her an essay and hope she dies? I uncapped it instinctively, and didn't bother reacting when it became a three foot long sword in my hand. It felt heavy, but balanced, albeit barely. He swung it down, and up, testing it. The bat lady charged me again, so I chilled the air around her, before slashing down. She exploded into gold dust. Mr. Brunner had vanished. I re-capped the pen, and pocketed it. I had a feeling it wasn't over yet. I was right. Turns out, Mrs. Dodds was a Fury, from the Fields of Punishment. And Greek Mythology was real. I was currently riding proof. I had a wrapped a chain around the Minotaur, and was holding on for dearest life. In a rainstorm, no less. I spotted a group of people gaping at me, and I sighed. Useless dicks. An idea hit me. I was weaponless, having lost my sword in the recent car crash. But I was not defenceless. I gathered as much rain as I could without passing out, and made it into ice. And impaled the bull-man in the groin and eye. Tossing one end of the chain over the left horn, I tugged. The horn broke free, and I caught it as it flew into the air. I waited until it stopped moving, out of exhaughstion, and stabbed the horn down, into the spot where it's spine met it's skull. I fell, as the Minotaur below me exploded into gold dust. I laid there to rest, and only just missed the experience of being killed. Because I jumped up and back the second I noticed the sky above me beginning to glow, and a bolt of lightning set me careening into a tree. And THEN I was allowed to pass out. As that happened, I idly wondered if my duffel bag of clothes was fine. I was in a weird dream, next thing I know. I was on a cloud, or something similar. It was wet, and white, and cold as a corpse. Beside me was a girl with black hair, dressed similar to me, but in leather pants and a shirt that said 'Death to Barbie', and had electric blue eyes. She looked to be about a year or two older than me. "Who the fuck're you? And where the fuck'm I," I eloquently stated. The girl raised an eyebrow. "Thalia Grace. You're in my tree. My dad decided to send you to Hades, but he missed. You got tossed." Oh. "Your tree?" "I got turned into a tree by my dad. He could have blasted the cyclops, but decided to make me into dryad, instead. My dad's Zeus, by the way." I blinked, and sat down. "Percy. Dunno who my dad is, and I just killed the Minotaur. As far as I'm aware, I could be the son of a water person. I can do this, though." I raised my hand, and a spout of water rose a foot into the air. I chilled it into ice, and made the ice melt into a rose. "Ice sculpting?" Her eyes were skeptical, and her tone was like 'And you ENJOY that?'. "Hydro and cryokinesis, actually. But that rose won't melt." "Oh." I began to black out, and looked at the punk girl in front of me. "Looks like you're waking up. Come visit me some time, Snowball." Snowball? "Will do. And it's Sawblade. Not Snowball." She flipped me the bird, and I smirked as the world went black, then colored. I woke up to being spoon fed pudding by a girl with blonde hair and grey eyes. "You can stop. How long was I out," I said, swallowing the pudding. "A day. Come on. We don't have all day to waste." I was a bit surprised at her immediate hatred of me, but followed her anyways, after picking up my duffel bag, that was right beside my bed, unharmed. "Where's my sword," I asked her. "Locked up." That set me off. "And what the fuck gives you the right to lock up my shit," I growled, an icicle forming over my shoulder. "Because it wasn't yours, and you probably stole it." I lost it, and fired the icicle into her hair. "Listen, bitch. I ain't stole no weapons. I could, but why should I? I have the very fucking air you breathe as a weapon." To demonstrate my point, I held her knife up, and froze her hands. With some satisfaction, I watched her eyes widen, as I felt a weight in my jacket pocket. I pulled the pen out, and uncapped it, before shattering the ice and returning her dagger. "I have a temper. I've been accused of stealin' shit too much this week... The fuck you starin' for," I explained, snappin at the end. Her reply made me groan. "I think I want you on my team for Capture the Flag this Friday. I'm Annabeth Chase, by the way." I was silent as she led me to a cabin with an eleven on it, knocked on the door. "New camper," a tall teen with sandy blonde hair and blue eyes asked. Chase nodded. "Regular, or undetermined?" "Undetermined." The cabin groaned as one. "I'm as happy with you guys. It looks cramped as shit in here," I said. The boy at the door laughed. "Luke Castellan, Son of Hermes, Cabin Eleven Counselour, and Swordsmanship Teacher." "Percy Jackson, but my friends know me by Sawblade." That got a confused reaction from him. I noticed a scar on his right eye. "We have a matching scar, Luke. But mine came from a hacksaw when my first step-father tried to kill me." He winced, and Chase grimaced. "Yikes. Well, come on it. I'll have to find you a spot to sleep." I stepped inside, and was proved right. "Get me a ladder. I think I'll take the roof," I muttered. Luke laughed. "Fine by me. But we have two issues. Harpies, and Lady Artemis." Shit. I kind of forgot about the moon goddess. Then again, there was also a moon Titaness.. "I'll ask as nice as I can to not be turned into an immortal deer rabbit. No matter how badass I would be, I don't think it would be fun forever." Luke laughed again, and I was handed a pillow and a sleeping bag. "Day's almost over. I'll get your toiletries in the morning." I nodded at him, and slung the items under my arm, before going outside and looking at the sky. It was almost dark. "Lady Artemis, if you don't mind, I'd like to sleep outside while I'm here. I'm not exactly one with nature, but being outside is currently the better sleeping option. Plus, if it helps, I like