Hey everyone, So, as you know the Poll in regards for these stories is now down and I decided to come to a conclusion. These four stories that you see here WILL become part of my regular schedule. I know I said in Rituals that they won't, but they will. However, once they are done, there is going to be a slight change to my schedule. For now, I will be writing the four stories that were highest on the poll, yet once those are done, I will start putting effort in the challenges I love the most. I know I asked for your opinion, but to be honest, there are just a few previews that I felt more achieved with when I finished them than others and I want to focus on those. Okay, enjoy, Venquine1990 A Summer To Remember Chapter 01 The Wellbower Family Leaving my Aunt and Uncle was the best thing that I could have ever decided to do. Sure, when I had ran away I had been terrified of being arrested and when the Minister had met me at the Leaky Cauldron, I had been assured that my time as a wizard was over, but the time since has been the best I have lived so far. I'm currently staying at the Leaky Cauldron, constantly making sure to get back inside before the sun sets and while it's a little unsettling to experience the chance of sleeping to whatever times I like or eating whenever I actually feel hungry, do I still feel very grateful to the Minister for renting me my room and paying for my meals. Tom, the bartender, is also an amazing person and while his looks sometimes give me the involuntary shivers, does his behavior prove me again and again not to judge a book by its cover as he constantly makes sure I go to sleep early enough that I get enough rest and he also asks me during dinner if I feel like breakfast in bed the next morning. I had been shocked at hearing this to be a possibility on the second night of my stay here and had been a little sloppy the first time Tom had served me like this two days, but we had set up a schedule of when I would and wouldn't have breakfast and both of us had smiled happily at the end, which was about a week ago now. I have also constantly made sure to be outside whenever I could, Diagon alley which is stationed behind the Leaky Cauldron, giving me plenty of reasons for doing so and while the cobbled stone path alone is a challenge to walk on – especially during the busier hours of the day – do the shops amaze and intrigue upon sight every time. I've been planning to get some money out of my vault the entire week now, but for the last few days have I been more motivated to just window shop, have a good look around and enjoy the busy shopping life of Magical England as I – sometimes – seat myself at Florian's Fortescue just to gaze at the wandering public. It has, over the last few days, happened on and off that people recognized me for my scar, but thanks to my grown fringe does that happen rarely as I constantly make sure to cover it with my hair, having no need for such forms of attention as my fame only reminds me of the fact that I'm an orphan with murdered parents. I then take a deep breath, having just finished my breakfast down at the bar and Tom seems to have heard me as he asks: "Something on your mind, Harry?" And I smile at the man as I say: "Just my stupid fame, Tom, nothing serious." The man nods and goes back to cleaning a wine glass with one of his white cloths. I push the near empty plate, that only has one or two scraps of egg and bacon left on the edges, away from me and hide one of my galleons under the plate while keeping my eye on Tom to make sure he doesn't see it. I then slide off my bar-seat and head over to the gateway to Diagon Alley, using my wand to open the enchanted wall. The wall parts and, like the last few days, does a smile appear on my face as I see the already bustling crowd before me, witches and wizards of all ages, sizes and gender walking around with either shopping bags, business trunks or even their own offspring before a voice behind me startles me out of my gazing as it says: "Ah thank you lad, that saves us a lot of time." And I look behind me, seeing a well-dressed man with slicked-back black hair and wise dark brown eyes that has one of his hands on the shoulder of a boy that resembles him quite a bit, even if the boy's hair just hangs down his lean shoulders and he has purple specks in his brown eyes. The man then turns to his son, who I now notice seems about two to three years older than me and says: "Come Jeremy, time for your inheritance check. We can't keep the Goblins waiting." And the boy calmly answers: "Yes father." While his purple-brown eyes actually betray him for being a lot more worried than he shows. Still it's not his worries that intrigue me as more the words of his father and while I make sure that my pace is as brisk and direct as that of the man, do I turn back to him and ask: "Inheritance test, Sir?" The man smiles at me, his eyes proving how proud he is of this one subject and while his voice raises in tone, does he say: "Yes, quite right, lad. My son, Jeremy is finally fifteen and that, for a Wellbower, is a very important age as it makes a Wellbower Heir legitimate for becoming Regent of the Family. Well, if the child is the firstborn, of course. Only firstborns are allowed the title of Regent and later Head of the family, as is tradition for all Purebloods." This, while the word Pureblood reminds me of Draco Malfoy and all the trouble his father caused last year, makes me feel even more curious and I decide to take a huge risk as I ask: "And a Potter? Do you know what age a Potter should be to become Regent?" The man looks curious and I flick my head, showing my scar. Jeremy gasps as he must have seen it too, but I send a pointed look at his father as I flick my hair back in place before any passing witches or wizards can spot it and the man nods, understanding my gaze and gesture before he says: "I'm not sure, lad. Normally that would be 15, perhaps 17 – but, well, in your case." "You mean, my fame?" I ask, wondering if showing the man my scar was a bad idea, but the man shakes his head and while he halts us all just in front of the Gringotts, to the left side of the doors, does he mutter: "No, I mean the fact that you are the last of your line, young Potter. That alone should make you eligible to the title of Lord." This shocks me as I hadn't even thought of it like that and I mutter: "Guess me visiting Gringotts for some school-money just got a whole new reason." And the man nods before Jeremy asks: "Would you mind if we escort you, Harry? The Wellbower line had an alliance with the Potter House back in the 1800's, you know?" But while I feel shocked at hearing how old my family might actually be, does Mr. Wellbower nod and say: "Quite right, Jeremy, quite right. And it would be an honor to see you receive an inheritance test, Mr. Potter. Your parents would have probably insisted it be done by a family that is aligned with their own, if they had the chance." But while his tone is fierce and joyful, does a pang of hurt still sting my heart at his words and my mental thought of: "Except they never got that chance." But then I shake my head, remembering how hard I have fought the last two years to do them proud and I look at the man before me, determined to do so again as I say: "Mr. Wellbower, it would be an honor if you could help me get a chance at receiving an Inheritance test." The man smiles and, like with his son, lies a hand on my shoulder as he says: "Splendid, let's head inside and inform the Goblins at once." And with that does the father of what could possibly be a new friend lead me inside the white building. A few minutes later we are actually seated in a very simple looking office of marble and wood with an oak desk in front of me and a Goblin behind it while Mr. Wellbower is on my left and Jeremy is on my right and while I am shocked at how quick this all went, do I feel a mix of curiosity, excitement and slight concern inside of me. The curiosity is for the contents of the will that another Goblin is currently trying to fetch that my parents have actually left me – to my great shock. The excitement is over the fact that my parents did care for my future enough to leave behind a list of wishes for what should happen to me if anything ever happened to them. Yet the concern is mostly based on three things; one that I may not have done enough to really do my parents proud, another that I may have, unknowingly been doing things they never wanted for me and finally – which I know is most probably not true – the very unlikely chance that my parents wanted me left with Vernon and Petunia. "No, my aunt hated my mum and my mum lost all contact with Petunia for perfectly good reasons. There is no way they would want that. Dumbledore is the only one who would want that and maybe, once the will has been executed, he will stop insisting on that and I can make my leaving of them a permanent fact." These are the thought I try to use to calm myself and keep the concern from overwhelming me, yet when the Retrieval Goblin returns, do I instantly know something is heavily wrong as there is a strange sense of magic coming from the three scrolls of parchment that he holds, not in his hands, but on a silver platter. "That is Goldew magic." I hear Mr. Wellbower mutter and I turn to him as he says: "The Goldew family is known to have some strange feud with House Potter. I'm just surprised that it's on the wills as the last Lord of the family wasn't even a Regent when your parents were killed." And this makes me look at the wills worriedly. "He may not have been Lord, Lord Wellbower, but if you recall correctly, the boy died only 24 hours after the late Lord and Lady Potter did. It would seem that, with his death, he further empowered the feud by using it to seal the wills; a final strike against the House that always bested them in the one area both Houses held in high regard." The Goblin in charge says as he lets the Retrieval Goblin set the platter in front of him and I ask: "Is – is there anything we can do? You know, to – to unseal the wills?" But the Goblins shake their heads and the one behind the desk says: "I'm afraid not, Heir Potter. The Goldew Heir used