Hey everyone, Sorry! SORRY! SORRY! I know I shouldn't continue putting up new stories when I'm still dealing with so many old ones – Keyblade's Light, Venquine's Mates, A New Era – that are yet to have been finished, but this is actually an English updated version of a Dutch story that I once wrote before signing up to Fanfiction . net. Hope you enjoy, Venquine1990 PS. Inspiration comes from Leonette, check out their stories. Destiny's Saying 5 th of June 1998 Harry's POV There is ruin no matter where you look. The hallways and rooms. The classrooms and offices. The dungeons, towers and turrets. Even the common rooms and dorms of all four Houses had to suffer for the sake of the gigantic fight that took place here, in the one place where no one ever believed fights of this proportion to be happening. Still the fight took place five days ago now and because almost everyone, both the students as well as the teachers and fellow fighters, believed that I should not help along as I should be resting, but because most of them were still looking at me with more hero adoration than I can handle, am I now seated here. Here, in the Transfigurations Courtyard, where I am covered with several hiding spells, including a few wards and spells to hide my scent, and where I am trying to come to terms. To come to terms with all the losses me and everyone else had to suffer, not just in the Final Fight, but during the entire duration of the war. The faces of everyone I lost – Cedric, Sirius, Hedwig, Dumbledore, Snape, Moody, Fred, Lupin, Colin – flash before my mind's eye as I just lean against the tree in the middle of the Courtyard, which is burned, but not entirely destroyed and while these images flash through my mind, do I keep my eyes turned skyward. Yet my sad musings don't last as long as I had planned as the male voice of my best friend – who lost his brother in the last fight and has been with his family ever since – sounds from one of the entrances and when I look down, do I see him and several others I have grown to consider close over the years coming to approach me. Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger had been the only ones I had constantly disclosed my location to – which I changed daily out of a newly inbred paranoia – so to see them accompanied by George, Neville, Luna, Ginny and even Draco Malfoy makes me instantly know one thing; a new adventure is probably about to begin already. The sight of the male blonde makes me raise an eyebrow at the rest of my friends, but because of his behavior during the Final Fight and because he tried to keep my identity a secret while at the mansion, do I keep my unreceptive behavior to just the raised eyebrow while dropping the defensive spells concealing me. The others move over and Ron says: "Check these out, mate." Before showing me two scrolls, both made of parchment and what looks to be Maple wood and on which the strange name Merden is carven into one side of the Maple wood scroll holder, while my own name seems to be written on the parchment itself. Instantly my interest is caught as I never met anyone named Merden and I ask: "Where did you get those?" And Ron answers: "Some stranger gave them to us. He said he's from a region where it's illegal to move over to or interfere with countries like ours if there's danger or any kind of threat that can transfer to their region." And while part of me can perfectly understand this method of self-defense and another part of me feels betrayed as if these people should have abandoned that law to help me, do I say: "His name is Merden." Making my friends look at me shocked and Ron ask: "How do you know that? Did you meet with him?" But I shake my head and say: "It's carved into the wood, see?" Ron turns the scroll his way and his eyes widen before Hermione shakes her head and says: "They're for you to read, Harry. That guy, Merden, he told us he was forbidden from meeting you until you read them. He called them the Truth and Destiny scrolls." This worries me and while the others go sit around me and Ron hands me the scrolls, do I ask: "Did he say anything else about them?" Ron nods and says: "He said to read Destiny's scroll first. Oh, and to just keep reading when you open the Truth scroll. We already checked for spells, but there's only a Truth spell on the Truth Scroll." The words really put me on edge and while trying not to show this to my friends, do I open the scrolls that has the word destiny carved on the other side of the maple wood, my eyes roaming over the text and my bad feeling increasing with every word I read, the others growing anxious as they see this before I say: "This text documents everything that ever happened to me. The last fight, our meeting at the Manor, the time camping, the Astronomy Tower, the Ministerial Battle, the Tournament. Everything, it goes all the way back to the day of my birth." And while the others share concerned looks over this, do I hand Ron the scroll back. I then open the other scroll, but my concerns turn into confusion instantly as the entire scroll is blanc. I shake my head and while remembering what this Merden person supposedly said, do I unroll the scroll as far as I can, going even beyond the length of the other scroll before I finally find a bit of text and read out loud: And so, on the Christmas of 1977, did Prince Jaurion, alongside his Nienna Princess Lindilwen, his mother Amyna and his father Hendros, decide to return to Airador, where he alongside his newfound son and his son's friends would learn how to change Destiny and bring a pre-timed end to the Dark Lord Voldemort. This shocks the living daylights out of me and Hermione asks: "Wait, pre-timed?" And I nod, reading the last few words out loud a second time before Luna says: "Does anyone else feel like they recognize those first two names?" Her tone curious, but not like the airy tone she used during my fifth or sixth year. Everyone shares a wondering look with each other and I whisper: "They sound like – like James and Lily. Like the names of my parents." Everyone nods and then a male voice says: "You are indeed correct, your Highness." Making all of us turn to one of the corners of the Courtyard, where a man appears from the shadows. The man has long pointed features like Malfoy, but then a little more regal looking, has a pair of clear brown eyes that seem colored like the wood of the scroll and has a strong pale complexion that actually makes him look both dashing and very healthy. The man wears a fancy suit that is skin-tight with a cape draped over his shoulders. "That's Merden." Neville says and the man named Merden nods before he turns to me and bows, his act of respect baffling me before he says: "Forgive me for not aiding you in your struggles, Your Highness, but while your father and grandfather chose to remain here during times of peril, was I bound to my region's law." And while others look shocked at the deeply respectful tone that the man uses as he explains himself, does something about him strike me as odd and while wondering what, do I take another glance at the text I just read, my eyes widening as I suddenly read something I didn't even take into account when first reading the text. "Prince Jaurion and Princess Lindilwen." Everyone looks at me, Merden rising back from his bowed stance to smile at me and I say: "If these two people are really my parents, but then with changed names, then – then that would mean –." And while the others around me share my shock, does Merden answer: "That you yourself are of Royal Blood, Prince Hari Jaurion Valivial." And while the others turn to him again, do I reel in shock at the name Valivial as it sounds and feels like conjuring a Patronus; warm, welcoming and exactly right. "But if Harry's really royalty, then – of – of what country? I – I mean, at the World Cup –." Ron tries to bring out logic, but Merden shakes his head and says: "My people did not visit the World Cup. At that point in time, we were awaiting some kind of word of our royal leaders. We had no idea that our Crown Prince and King had perished for we were ordered by our king not to seek them out, but have them seek us out instead." "Why?" Hermione asks, her voice sounding scandalized and I answer: "To uphold the law. Royals were not against going to war-filled countries and fighting for freedom there, but others were to keep the peace and keep the borders safe. Only those of royal blood were, after all, able to travel between the borders safely and swiftly." Merden nods, while the others look at me shocked and Ron asks: "How did you know that, mate?" But I shake my head and shrug, not having a single clue as to how I knew that and then Malfoy says: "It does prove that Merden was telling the truth. If Pott – Valivial here knew this law instinctively, then he really is royal." And while a shiver actually runs down my spine at hearing Malfoy say that name again, does Merden nod, but then I look at him again, my eyes switching between him and the scroll in my hand a few times before I say: "You're not from here." Making the others look at me weirdly, but I keep my eyes on Merden, who sighs and says: "Quite correct, your Highness. I – unlike the Mundane – am a Time Elf and as such am I exempt from the law that states that a past and present self or a present and future self are never to meet. I was visited by my future self, the one living in this day and age and he provided me with the scrolls you and your friend now hold." And while everyone but Hermione got wide eyes when the man introduced himself as a Time Elf, does Ron take another look at the scroll in his hand and yelp and say: "The words! They're fading!" This makes all of us scurry over to sit besides him and to my shock, do I see that my best friend is indeed right. Little by little are the words – or better said the ink – fading from the scroll, the text at the bottom describing the Final Fight being the lightest, while the text about my birth still seems as stark as before. "Why is this happening?" I then ask and Merden answers: "Because of a saying that is known to the Mundane." We all look at him and while pain and sorrow are now visible in his eyes, does he say: " Things must always get worse before they get better. We Elves live by Destiny and even we often agree that she can be known as a Cruel Mistress, which is why some of us developed Time Skills, thus allowing my kind to be born." "So what does this mean?" Neville asks, all of us shocked and fascinated by the man's tale and while Merden now smiles at me, his eyes warm and his smile one of relieved