Family And Friends Chapter 01 The Arrival And The Reading Harry's POV Sirius Black entering the castle seems to have shocked my friends more than it did me, but that is because I already knew that someone who can escape Azkaban can easily enter Hogwarts, but that is mostly because Voldemort had been able to do so twice in the last two years, once as a teacher, once through a diary. We've all entered the Great Hall and after the Slytherins, Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs have joined us, did Professor Dumbledore explain why we're all here. But just when he wants to leave the Hall, does my keen eye spot something and I look at the other side of the Hall, where dust or some kind of sand seems to be falling from air itself. "Eeeh, Headmaster." I say tentatively, everyone looking at me and then looking at where I'm still keeping my eye on the falling sand and when Dumbledore himself sees it, he, Professor McGonagall and Professor Snape rush over. But just when they pass my friends and me, does the sand on the floor start to swirl. To my shock a huge whirlwind of sand erupts from that one small spot and Dumbledore, Snape, McGonagall and most of the older years instantly grab their wands, while I already had mine in my hand since I saw the sand falling. Dumbledore wants to aim his wand at the whirlwind, when it suddenly stops and disappears. In its stead are several elder teenagers, maybe a year older than the Seventh years here and they strangely look familiar to me as they look around. Then the second one, who has soft silver white hair and a strong firm jaw, asks: "You think it worked?" Speaking with a rough voice and the others look around the room. Then the first boy, who seems a little older than the rest, has dark brownish black hair and a slightly round, but not chubby face says: "I would say so. Harry did show us how the Great Hall looked like before we came here and this looks nothing like that. I'd say, the Time Sand knew exactly where to take us." This shocks me deeply as I have read all about Time Sand and its actual properties and uses and I think: "They used the only legal way of time Travel? How on earth did they do that?" But while I wonder this, do I portray a look of confusion as I just don't want to be seen as someone smart and be punished for it. Then what appears to be the youngest, who looks to be a year older than me, has long black hair ringing down to his shoulders and who has very clear blue eyes, sees me and a large smile I can recognize anywhere appears on his face as he says: "Hi Harry." And instantly everyone turns to look at me instead. "Do you know these teens, Harry?" Dumbledore asks and I walk over as I say: "I think so, Headmaster. Jeremy? Isaac?" The two aforementioned nod with large smiles on their faces and I turn to the Headmaster as I say: "They're Elementals. They live near me, because their names weren't written on the Hogwarts chart." The man nods and I ask Jeremy: "Why did you use Time Sand? You know time travel is illegal, don't you?" And I send the boy a quick wink, telling him I can't reveal what I know. My friend nods and says: "We know, but Time Sand is legal and it came to us itself." I look shocked and ask: "It – it came to you itself?" Jeremy nods and a girl with soft blonde hair that has two icy blue strands through it, one on each side, says: "We were going through Hogwarts and the Ministry, when we found the official Wizarding File Room. We looked there, found a very interesting file and then, as we opened it, the time sand just fell out of the papers." I look shocked and then two boys, both with brown hair and dark brown eyes, step forward and I smile as one of them says: "So us, being the geniuses that we are." And the other goes on, to the groans of Snape and McGonagall, and says: "Rushed to you with this file and then." And they chorus: "As we ran, we found these." And they show me a set of books, five in total, of which one strangely enough seems to be missing a part. Shaking my head, I hear the girl with the blue strands say: "You read the first page of this book and realized why the Time Sand had come here. You then locked the Time Sand to the first page of this story and told us to go." Jeremy then goes on: "We wanted to take you with us, but you told us it was better if we left, because we didn't exist here, well, not here at Hogwarts, so it wouldn't cause a Time Pandemonium or something like that. You then wrote a few things down on a note that Irma has with her and used a spell to activate the Time Sand." I nod and look at the girl named Irma, who has wavy black hair and crystal blue eyes, both clear signs of her Water Elemental powers, and she says: "You wrote a few things down in front of the notes and the first is for someone named Poppy Pomfrey." To this everyone looks at the Nurse, who had also come along with the teachers. The woman walks forward and Irma reads: " Why exactly are you allowing Draco Malfoy to walk around with that bandage, when you can regrow bones in less than one night?" This shocks me in a way that almost makes me burst out laughing and the woman turns to me as she says: "A very good observation, Mr. Potter. Mr. Malfoy?" She then turns to a blonde boy of my age with green trim attached to his black robe, a snake on his chest and a very pale face that is currently staining a small flush as everyone looks at him, most of the school with pleased and satisfying smirks on their faces, which causes the girl next to Malfoy to scowl at them and then Snape says: "Mr. Malfoy sustained a very heavy injury when attacked by a wild Hippogriff, an attack that –." But then Madam Pomfrey asks: "Severus Snape, do you doubt my healing abilities?" And the man actually whitens, something I can't blame him for at all as the school matron can be quite fierce when she wants to be. The man sighs and asks: "How much time did you prescribe for my student to wear that bandage?" And the woman answers: "None at all, Severus, I had that scratch healed faster than Mr. Longbottom's broken wrist three years ago." The man seems to struggle with his discomfort and asks: "And the bandage?" And the woman snaps: "You find out where that came from, Severus. I am not missing any bandages myself and I certainly didn't give it to him when he left." Professor Snape nods and curtly says: "Mr. Malfoy." Which seems to be the cue for the grumbling blonde to remove his bandage, something that makes many people smirk. Dumbledore and I then turn back to the group – or gang as I like to call them – and I ask: "So what are the books about?" And Irma says: "You wrote about that as well. You wrote: they're about us and will help stop that what you feared when in the Hospital Wing in your first ." This makes Dumbledore and me look at each other and I whisper: "Voldemort." The man nods and asks: "Am I right to presume that Lord Voldemort has, somewhere this year or next, found a way for himself to return to a body?" To which a girl with dark red hair and dark brown eyes says: "We can't be sure. All we know is that, during the summer of 95, Harry told us to go down under." To this Dumbledore and I share another look and I say: "Yep, he returns." Making all those who heard us whiten as Dumbledore asks: "Am I also right to presume that somewhere in those books is the answer to stopping him permanently?" And Jeremy taps the last book and says: "The whole book is dedicated to it." "Then why should we read the rest of those books?" A large fourteen year old Gryffindor with wiry brown hair asks and Jeremy answers: "This one explains the rest of the year, this one how Voldemort rose to the power, this one what should not be done while in war and this one is an explanation about what happens in this one." And as he explains he taps one book after the other and I ask: "What do you mean what should not be done while in war ?" And Elena says: "Don't ask us, you told us that when you gave a short description of the books." I nod, while wondering what could have happened and say: "At least the war only lasted three years, not eleven." Everyone around me nods and Dumbledore asks: "So, we should read these books and once we're done with the first, we can read that file?" Jeremy nods and says: "Harry – or future Harry – got to take a full look in the file, we only looked at the first page – and that made him decide finishing the first book first was best." Dumbledore nods and says: "Then reading the books we shall, but it will have to wait as my fellow teachers and I have to search Hogwarts for –." But then Irma says: "Future Harry already confirmed that your search was futile in the book, so it will be futile here. He also said that you already suspect Black not to linger." The man nods and says: "Just let me get my students comfortable and we shall start." My friends nod and McGonagall asks: "And what about you?" But Jeremy shrugs and says: "We'll just go with Harry, we have our own ways of being comfortable." And he smiles at me making me smile back as I really missed my friends. We then leave for where Ron and Hermione are still waiting for me and I say: "Gang, these are Ron and Hermione, my best friends. Ron, Hermione, the gang. We just call ourselves that way." The two nod, while Ron still looks at the group in shock and then Jeremy takes a deep breath and lies his palms down on the floor. I smile, knowing that Jeremy is about to shock everyone even more and am proven right as nine large bricks actually shoot out of the stone floor, square-shaped and large enough to even let Hagrid, the gigantic Grounds Keeper with the heart of gold, sit on them. Rosaline then lies her hands on opposite shoulders and closes her eyes. I look at the bricks and see vines and leafs grow over them, creating an entire forest of leafs, flowers and vines over the bricks and making them quite comfortable to sit or lie on. The twins quickly and happily jump onto their own bricks and I smile at the two energetic boys, who obviously didn't change in the last few years. The others then sit down too, Rosaline sitting quite close to Jack and Eddy and I say: "Jeremy is a Ground Elemental and Rosaline a Flora Elemental. She can talk with trees and flowers and wherever there is even a small grapevine, she can turn it into an entire forest." My friends nod, while everyone looks deeply shocked. Then Dumbledore waves his wand and bright purple sleeping bags appear all around the room as I suddenly ask: "Why didn't Aunt Rosie