Pairing: Nicercy (Nico/Percy) Words: 3,541 Author's Note: So we all know how Rick doesn't like to give people last names. So I had to get a little bit creative. I used two sons of Ares and created the character Mark Sherman. I did the same with two sons of Dionysius, Pollux Castor. Sorry if that causes any problems, but I really didn't want to name them Aresson or Dionysiusson. Disclaimer: I do not own PJatO. Let's move on. Nico di Angelo is a total hardass. At least that's what all of his associates thought. If he wasn't grilling them for a case file or filing a class action suit, he was yelling about something else. The man was quick to anger and even quicker to throw case files back at a person with demands to 'get that shit out of here and if you want to keep your job, redo all of it!'. They understood that you couldn't be some fantastic lawyer by being sweet and kind and all things good. But a lawyer didn't have to be the worst bastard the world has ever seen either. If it weren't for the fact that they were worried they'd lost their jobs over it, they would suggest Anger Management classes to their boss...or cuddling with kittens. After all, who could be a grump after cuddling with kittens? Despite his reputation with his associates, Nico di Angelo was an icon in the realm of the judicial system. The man had the most successful case record on the East Coast. He won more trials than veteran lawyers. With his impressive record came an even more impressive education background. He graduated the top of his class at Harvard at the tender age of eighteen. Originally he was going to work for the people, but had a change of heart at some point during his college career. "The fuck is this supposed to be? Get your ass in here Sherman!" Mark Sherman gulped from his desk, wide eyes looking at the Gateway of Hell also known as the door that kept them separated from the devil. The sun shined off of the nameplate that read "Nico di Angelo, Esq. Partner". The guy who sat in the cubicle next to Mark's tutted in sympathy. No one wanted to be dragged into that office. Patting Mark on the back that was more of a shove since he was frozen in his chair in support, he hisses, "Dude, hurry it up. Make him wait and you'll come out bleeding." "Or worse...crying," added someone unhelpfully. Mark shakily grabbed his pen and notepad before scurrying over to the door to knock on the door. "Enter!" The three associated flinched under the amused gaze of Nico's secretary. Mark shot them all a look that clearly read: If I don't make it, someone water my plant. The door snapped shut after the poor man, leaving only silence behind. "Hey Pollux, might as well get ready to post another ad. I don't think Sherman will be with us anymore." "Dammit. He's the fifth person these last two months!" "Don't give up on him yet, he might still make it." Two sets of eyes turned to the Gateway of Hell. The lights above flickered just as the storm outside their floor to ceiling windows worsened and a streak of lightning shot across the sky. "He's a dead man," declared Travis Stoll pulling out his cellphone and sending his brother a text. But despite their harsh working conditions (and aptly timed weather issues), no one had the balls to speak up and tell Nico off. In the beginning, someone tried speaking to one of the other Partners of the law firm who were actually good friends with Nico, but were just laughed off. Apparently the other partners had a different impression of the lawyer, which every associate is calling bullshit. There's no way Nico was anything but a hardass and that was historical fact. The elevator door to their floor dinged open, and a beautiful dark haired woman got off on their floor. She was a friend to one of the Partners (Nancy Bobofit, but how she got her law degree and made partner was still up for debate) and made it her mission to visit Nico whenever she was in the building. The beautiful vixen that got many young, fresh out of law school associates' attention was Drew Tanaka. Most of the firm liked Drew. Except for Nico and his associates. All it took was for her to run her big mouth about some of their evidence and ruined a month's worth of work. Travis, Pollux, and Mark (it had been his first case) watched as their hard work was destroyed before their very eyes because Drew wanted to show off in front of Nico. Suffice to say, he sent her away in tears and told them to take a hike too. Like zombies, they left not sure what they were going to do to win the case now. But like magic, somehow, Nico was able to make a comeback at court the next day. When Mark asked where he found the evidence to prove their client's innocence, Nico simply said he knew a guy. That naturally led them to think Nico had mafia connections. Smooth-talking Italian with violent tendencies who ' knew a guy' ? Yeah, their boss was connected. "Good Morning Lou," smirked Drew at Nico's secretary, Lou Ellen, who was the least impressed person in the office. Bored green eyes stared at Drew for a few seconds. "Damn, you're still here." She sighed in irritation. "What do you want?" Drew tsked. "Is that any way to greet a guest?" "Nico doesn't pay me to respect whores, Tanaka. So that won't ever change. Now do you need something or are you just here to torture us with your presence?" Travis chuckled as he walked by to the break room. Drew flushed as her eyes narrowed on Lou. "That wasn't very nice Lou." Lou's expression did not change any at the reprimand, if any thing, she rolled her eyes and went back to her computer screen. "Piss off Tanaka." Clenching her fist and grinding her teeth, Drew hissed like a pre-teen not getting her way. "I need to speak to Nico." When Lou didn't respond, Drew began to walk around Lou's desk. "No, he's with someone at the moment. You can sit and wait, forever. Like you always will." Lou waved in the general direction of where the guest chairs were placed. Huffing, Drew stalked over to the chairs and threw herself into the furthest chair. She clearly did not like Lou. The feeling was very mutual. If it's one thing that every Associate who worked under Nico learned, it was to never get on one Lou Ellen's bad side. Once there, unless you- well they haven't found anything that will change the woman's mind, there was no coming back. Ever. Nico wasn't the sole reason they've gone through five associates in the last two months. Ten minutes later, the Gateway of Hell opened and Mark shuffled out, not crying or bleeding. He was dreadfully pale, and shaking as if he saw a ghost. No one said anything in case the man was too frail and would fall apart at the sudden noise, well Drew huffed and rolled her eyes off to the side not sensitive to the situation per usual, but it was silent as four pairs of eyes followed Mark back to his cubicle where he fell into his seat and rested his head on his desk. Beside him, Travis clapped him on his back again. "Looks like you survived another day, dude." A noise between a beached whale and dog whine left Mark's lips. Feeling sympathetic Travis pulled out an energy bar from his desk and handed it over. "You'll need it more than me." "Thanks," murmured Mark. "Freaks," spat Drew standing up and strutting into Nico's office. Lou rolled her eyes, looking at the clock. "Make a path to the elevator," she announced to the room. Travis smirked, about to set up a trip wire (a gift from his brother's beloved joke shop) when it was too late. An upset, tears in her eyes, Drew was already leaving Nico's office. Pollux who came over to look at the case that Mark had to redo stared at her. "Drew…" She sniffed delicately. "What?" "Your mascara is running. You might want to get that cleaned up." It was as if he broke a damn because suddenly she was running out of their office and straight into the elevator that Travis had opened for her. "Anyone time how long that one took?" asked Travis. Mark, who made a recovery already shrugged. "Had to have been ten seconds." "Hmm, a new personal best," commented Lou, looking over her shoulder into Nico's office where the man in question was rolling his eyes. She stood up and walked over to his door. He looked down to his cell phone and it was like he became a whole new person in front of her. Lou quickly closed Nico's door before any of his associates saw him smile. There's no need for them to think he's going soft. No no, the minions just need to concentrate on their jobs and not get worked up over what could make Nico smile like that. You and your plus one are cordially invited to attend Rick & Riordan's Holiday Ball on Friday, the Sixth of December Two-Thousand and Fifteen at Eight O'Clock We look forward to celebrating the holidays with you and yours! At seven in the morning, before any of his associates come in for the day or in Pollux's case, wake up at his desk, Nico entered the office bundled up with a pleased expression and his travel mug filled with quality espresso. The only person who was awake and functioning at her desk was Lou. Standing up, she led Nico into his room leaving the office door open, dropping any new files or cases on his desk for him and properly hanging his jacket up. "You look rather pleased this morning." "Do I?" hummed Nico, sitting down and pulling out a home-packed breakfast. "You're humming Nico," laughed Lou taking a seat in a guest chair before his desk. She reclined and propped her feet up on his desk as he began to unwrap his food. "The wife treating you well." "Of course. Anything important I need to know about?" He pulled out a croissant, licking his lips. "And did I seriously see Castor passed out at his desk?" Lou nodded. "He stayed all night to finish whatever you made him re-do. There was nothing wrong with what he submitted and you know it." "He'll be thankful later. All of three of them will be grateful for these all nighters and the hell I put them through later ." After his first bite of the lovely croissant his dear spouse made for him, he closed his eyes in pleasure. When he heard Lou's snort of disbelief, he cracked an eye open. Lou smiled and sat up, pulling out her tablet. "Whatever. Nothing too important to know about. There is that Winter/Holiday Ball the firm is holding. The invite was sent via email. Make sure you say you're coming. The wife coming?" "Uhh, more than likely." Outside of the office barely out of sight, stood a wide eyed gaping Pollux Castor who could not believe his ears. Did he just hear right? Hardass Di Angelo was married? Since fucking when ? How did anyone not realize? "Easy," answered Travis later when Pollux brought it up at the water cooler outside of Lou's hearing range. The woman had the ears of a bat, and if they found out they were talking about this she'll make their life even harder. Lou was terrifying in her own way. "We're all afraid to look at anything when he's around. It's a sign of