Pairing: Nicercy (Nico/Percy) Summary: A story within a story. A con artist and a phantom thief. An older man and a younger man. Love cares not for age or profession. Warnings: My writing, light swearing, smut, boyxboy, Younger!Nico and Older!Percy (There's a bigger age gap this time),referencing Doctor Who, Magic Kaito and Meitantei Conan Disclaimer: I do not own: Percy Jackson and the Olympians by Rick Riordan, Doctor Who by Sydney Newman, C.E. Webber, and Donald Wilson, and lastly, Magic Kaito and Meitantei Conan by Gosho Aoyama-san. A/N: Hi all! Just a little warning, this fanfic is part of a frame story. If you'd rather not read it, please skip the bold parts. I do, however, ask that Takara Phoenix read the bold scenes as well. This story is a gift to her after all! Hope you like Phoe! -Nicercy- On a busy street sat a little bookstore named Mischief's Books . It was a little hole in the wall that many locals would go to for a quiet place to read with some surprisingly good cup of hot chocolate. The owner wasn't fond of coffee, but there was an okay cup of that too. The bookstore spread across two stories, leaving the third as an apartment for the owner. Books were everywhere, on the shelves, the walls, the floor even. Yet somehow the crowded book store had great natural lighting and that cozy feel that no one could ignore. Sitting on the counter was the owner. A young woman in her early twenties sat at the front counter reading something on a tablet of all things. She had her hair pushed back in a curly but messy bun, and wore no make up. Capris jeans encased her legs that she had propped up on the counter, and her billowy white shirt was accessorized with a crocheted navy blue infinity scarf. Overall, she looked very relaxed and content with herself. That is, until the bell attached to the front door rang. " Welcome to Mischief's books!" " Oh thank god you're open!" gushed a german accented voice. The owner raised an eyebrow as another woman walked to the back decked out in cosplay. A dark royal blue dress that stopped at the knees with white and black designs and the words "Police Telephone Box" written all over. "You're Reina, right?" " Umm, yes. And how may I help you Miss. Tardis?" questioned Reina, looking around the woman to the street outside her shop where she saw other cosplayers walking by. Was there a convention in town that she wasn't aware of? " So listen, my name is Phoe and I heard you do in person fanfic writing requests!" Phoe was clutching her hands together in the universal begging pose as she leaned over the counter with her twinkling eyes. Reina amused, but still wary, gently placed her hands on Phoe's shoulder and pushed her back a bit so she could stand up. "That's you, right?" " I do," agreed Reina ducking behind the counter to pull out a form. "Just fill this out, and I'll get it to you later." " Oh no, this won't do!" Reina blinked. "What?" " Can you just...do it right now...like just tell it to me?" Reina stared at Phoe as if she waited for a few seconds the request would be different. Instead, Phoe grabbed one of Reina's hands and begged again. " Please!" " Oh sweet baby jesus, fine ." Reina got her hand back. "Just fill out the form." " Yes!" cheered Phoe throwing her hands up in excitement. Reina saw the suspicious gleam in Phoe's eyes and hoped she didn't regret what she just agreed to. "Okay, here!" Reina looked at the sheet and couldn't help but laugh. Phoe pouted. "Sorry, sorry. Nicercy, huh? I can do this." " Fantastic! Let me grab a chair!" Phoe quickly grabbed the nearest chair and pulled it over to the counter. Reina smiled, very amused at the excitement this woman showed for some fanfiction. Once Phoe settled down, she gave Reina all of her attention. "Allons-y!" " ...right…" -Nicercy- Percy Jackson was a name that not many people actually knew. Mostly because he rarely if ever went by his real name. Can't be a good conman if people know who you really are. The name 'Percy Jackson ' was hidden behind names such as Phil Lefaux or Theodore Moore. He's even been an Alexis Lee , a personal favorite even if he was hit on more than he liked to be when he was her. Sighing, Percy looked up at the clear night sky. He liked being a conman, he did...but sometimes he wished someone also knew the real him besides his family. "I'm being ridiculous," Percy told himself, running an aggravated hand through his shot-ish dark hair. "I don't need anyone to know the real me. I'm happy just the way it is." Ha! Load of bullshit, and even he knew it. He just wanted to get home, run a bath with bubbles, and drink some wine while eating chocolate covered strawberries. "I am pathetic ," he pouted, running a tired hand through his hair. He stopped walking when heard a moan of pain come from an alleyway he was passing by. Pausing, he contemplated backtracking. He could go into the alley and see what made that noise, or he could just keep on his way and not get dragged into something that will most definitely cause him a headache. This time a curse came from the alleyway. It wasn't in English, but Percy could recognize a curse no matter the language. Percy rolled his eyes heavenward, looking for an answer, but instead he felt a raindrop land on his forehead. "Weird...did the forecast say it was going to rain?" he mumbled, holding his hand up for the next raindrop to land into. With a sigh, Percy turned around and went into the alley way. He could not leave an injured person in a dirty alleyway during a rainstorm. "Damn conscience." Looking around the dirty alleyway, as the rain began to pick up, Percy couldn't make out anything except shadows of dumpsters and smaller trash cans. "Hello? Is any...anyone in here?" he asked hesitantly, taking a few steps in. His quick eyes that have been trained to read someone in a second darted around the alleyway to find what didn't belong. "I heard a groan of pain, sooo I know you're here." As a after thoughts he added, "And please don't kill me." Through the steady rain and little bit of light that made it that far back in the alleyway, Percy saw the person's shoe sticking out from beside a dumpster. Quickly rushing over, he moved some cardboard boxes that were used to cover the body haphazardly. When he moved the last box, he gasped when he saw who he was helping. "Ghost King," he asked in shock, looking at the shallowly breathing body in amazement. Black hair clumped together due the rain over a pale white mask of a skull that covered only the top half of the thief's face. The Ghost King was a legendary gentleman thief that was practically royalty in the criminal underworld. Everyone's heard of him and his different style of thievery. The Ghost King stole whatever he wanted, but he didn't keep it for himself. He returned it to it's rightful owners. It's rightful dead owners, which gave him the title of 'ghost'. The 'king' was later tacked on when during one particular heist he decided to use magic tricks to steal his target. Apparently he'd read it in a book somewhere. The Ghost King had two signatures. One was his skull mask that covered half of his face, leaving the bottom half free. Any pictures that captured the Ghost King showed his smug smirk without fail. His second signature was the little card he left with his targets before and after his heists. A little black card with a white skull and crown would be tapped to his targets the day before his heists. At midnight he would steal his target and deliver it to the grave of the rightful owner. Naturally the card would still be attached to whatever he stole. "Oh my god, you're the Ghost King!" Percy could see the thief's cheeks and pale lips that were almost blue. Shedding his coat, he threw it over the thief to help insulate the heat. Before he wrapped his coat around the scarily still body, he saw that one of the Ghost King's arms was wrapped around his stomach and that he smelt faintly of iron. Blood? Percy peaked under his arm and could see a bullet wound. "Oh sweet jesus," he cursed. The body groaned, which was good because now Percy knew he was alive. "I need to get you out of the rain, and somewhere warm so I can look at this wound!" The thief didn't respond, but he also didn't put up a fuss when Percy was able to hook an arm around his neck and began to lead the thief out of the alleyway. "You're so lucky I have a hotel room near here and don't need to head home tonight." -Nicercy- Nico didn't like getting shot. Not one bit. He'd rather suffer through his sisters and their terrifying shopping demands than get shot again. Lo and behold, he gets shot during his latest heist instead of worrying about his line of credit. His stomach was killing hi- Wait a second. Why wasn't he in pain? Did he dream up his last heist? Blinking open his eyes, he blearily looked at the unfamiliar ceiling above him. "The hell?" "Oh, are you awake?" Nico turned his head, faintly realizing that his mask was still on his face when he saw the other person in the room with him. Well in the room wasn't exactly right. The guy was in the bathroom, but his head was peeking around the door frame so Nico saw his sea green eyes and dark messy hair that was a little damp. Nico swallowed, not believing his eyes. Did people this beautiful truly exist? "Cat got your tongue?" purred the guy with a wink. he ducked back into the bathroom before coming out in some baggy pjs with little cat prints on them. "How are you feeling?" "Confused," responded Nico, feeling mesmerized as the pretty stranger practically glided over to the bed. Nico made note that he could barely hear any noise from the stranger's steps. Not many people had such a light step. "But I don't think I caught your name, beautiful?" Nico was a flirt at birth, at least that's what his father told him. Including stupid comments like he made the nurses flirt as soon as they saw him. Nico said he was charming, and it's helped him many times. Though he'll have to admit, the blush that spread across the pretty stranger's cheeks was adorable. Grabbing the stranger's hand, he held it up to his lips, palm up and lips not yet touching the soft skin. "And I'm sure I have you to thank for taking care of me?" "I-I...umm...P-Pe-er….y-yes," was stuttered out. Nico internally chuckled. He was precious. Kissing the palm under his lips, he gave the stranger a grateful smile. "Thanks, Beautiful." "Percy!" The stranger cleared his throat, looking to the ground as he mumbled, "My na-name...it's Percy." "Thank you, Percy," purred Nico, dropping one more kiss for good measure. "Consider me in your debt." A second later, Percy was left alone in the hotel room, the Ghost King gone. His eyes caught the piece of paper that floated down from the ceiling to land on the bed where the Ghost King had been. Call me if you ever need a favor. xxx-xxx-xxxx Or whenever, my Beautiful Hero. -GK Percy blushed but put the number in his phone just to be safe. -Nicercy- A few days later, while waiting for his