Summary: Scoring a major victory over the Sues, the Slayers, along with the canon characters, are ready to finish off the Mary Sues once and for all. But against the forces of Serenity, Queen of the Sues and daughter of Hera, it's not going to be easy. Notes: It is recommended but not required to read the "The Fierce Mary Sue Killer", the prequel to this story. Everything important that happened in the previous story would be explained in this one. The prequel has been updated as well to be less confusing. Warning : There are lots of fourth-wall breaking and Mary Sues in this story. All characters in this story are entirely fictional. Chapter One: Fallen Angel Percy My name is Percy Jackson, and four weeks ago, I wasn't even myself. Four weeks ago, I was what the Sue Slayers called a "Cursed Gary Stu". For a very long time, twenty years in fact, I was completely out of character and even worse, I was a Gary Stu, a male character who was utterly perfect with no flaws or weaknesses and had many talents. At least, that's what the Sue Slayers said. It had taken me some time to get used to this Gary Stu/Mary Sue business and also to the fact that I was just a fictional character. It had sounded crazy to me before and it still sounded crazy, but that's what Luna told us and what the Slayers later confirmed. Apparently, I was a fictional character in a fictional world with "real" people who either observed this universe or even interfered by creating OCs (short for original characters) like the Sues and Slayers to interact with us canon characters, who were created by this established literature writer with R.R. for his initials. In short, this universe was just one big story that was constantly influenced by the hands of lesser writers. The status of the original Creator, who had created the canon in the first place, was unknown, according to the Slayers. A week ago, Luna reported an interesting area, a Camp similar to Camp Half-Blood. Like Camp Half-Blood four weeks ago, this Camp was overrun with Mary Sues. Luna had called it "Camp Jupiter", which was kind of strange since it had the Roman name of a god, not the Greek one. She also reported that there were OOC (short for out of character) canon characters at Camp. When news spread of this new Sue infestation, almost everyone at Camp Half-Blood quickly organized for the attack on Camp Jupiter. Weapons were forged and sharpened, demigods were training, the pegasi were also training, all that good stuff. Today was the first day of August in an unknown year. This hot morning, Thalia called in a favor from her dad, and our army of canon characters and Sue Slayers were teleported in front of the completely deserted Caldecott Tunnel at Berkeley Hills. Almost everyone from camp had come except for a few people such as Luna and Rachel. We all gathered on top of the Tunnel and found ourselves observing Camp Jupiter. The other campers and I were in awe of Camp Jupiter. It was a very large camp, at least two times that of Camp Half-Blood. There was a giant field, what seemed to be walled military encampment for soldiers, a giant city, and even large temples complete with large statues of various Greek gods. But strangely, we could not spot a single soul in the Camp. It was almost as if Camp Jupiter was a ghost town. But Jean Melissa Kim, the lead Sue Slayer and a daughter of Iris, quickly snapped us out of it. "Guys, we are here to free more canon characters, not for sight-seeing," she said in a serious manner. "Jean is right," growled Clarisse, who cracked her knuckles, "Let's take those Sues down." A roar came from the rest of the Ares cabin, which was made up of only four people, counting Clarisse. In total, we had forty-one canon campers plus three Slayers. In the big Mary Sue takeover twenty years ago, a lot of the canon campers were killed, and none of us canon characters remembered their names. According to Luna, they never had names in the first place and were only there to fill Camp Half-Blood's numbers. Basically, the only surviving canon characters were the ones who had names because we were the ones the Sues cared most about. Anyways, at this point, I had taken a glance at every other cabin to see if they were mentally prepared. Thalia had her bow and arrows out, and they were cackling with electricity. Nico was holding hands with Will Solace from the Apollo cabin, muttering some words to him. Standing next to him, Neville Shaw, a Sue Slayer and a son of Apollo, was plucking his bow nervously. "You all right, Seaweed Brain?" I turned around to face Annabeth, my girlfriend. She was a tall blond seventeen year-old daughter of Athena, meaning she was very intelligent and someone you didn't want as an enemy. "Yeah, of course. Just checking to see if everyone is." "That's a good idea, Percy. Kind of uncharacteristic of you though." "Wow, my own girlfriend having no confidence in me once again." She punched my shoulder. "Yeah, because you're usually a reckless risk-taker." I felt a tap on my back and turned around again. Amanda Anderson, the last of the Slayers, was studying at me with a rather unfocused look in her eyes like she was daydreaming at the same time. "Are we going to war yet? Or do you need more time?" Like Annabeth, Amanda was a daughter of Athena, tall with blond hair and grey eyes. She was, well, kind of a ditz though. I recall watching her walk into a tree once. "No, I think we're ready. Tell Jean we should go now." At my words, her eyes seemed to refocus. Amanada spun on her foot to inform Jean. It took a few seconds for her to do so. "All right," Jean said in a commanding voice, "On Percy's signal, we charge into the camp. Make sure you use the Plot White-Out to weaken the Sues before engaging them. Show no mercy." "What about the canon characters?" asked Malcolm Pace, raising his hand, "Aren't we supposed to save them?" "Oh right," said Jean, who pulled a piece of paper out of her jeans pocket. She held the paper up to light to read it, "Okay, Luna said that the surviving canon characters at Camp Jupiter are named as follows: Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Frank Zhang, Hazel Levesque, Michael Kahale, Hank, and Leila. Apparently, the Sues at this camp aren't as merciful as ours were." For some reason, hearing the first three names elicited some kind of headache within me. I wasn't sure why. "Oh and Luna gave me the pictures," Jean continued, pulling some more pieces of paper out of her pockets,. She then passed out the pictures to everyone. "If you see any of these demigods, do not go for the kill. I repeat, do not go for the kill. Use the Plot White-Out on them to erase their OOC Curses and carry them to safety afterwards." It took some time for the pictures to reach me. When I finally got a chance to look, I couldn't shake off the feeling of déjà vu. Something about Reyna, Frank, and Hazel's appearances seemed familiar to me as if I knew them from another life, another time. But that was impossible. It wasn't like I was a reborn demigod or anything. At least I thought I wasn't. "You still got the Mark of Achilles, right Percy?" I raised my head. Jean had been addressing me. I punched myself in the stomach to make sure. My fist bounced off with a loud, metallic sound. "Looks like it," I replied. Jean nodded. "All right." She turned around to address everyone else. "So does everyone have their White-Outs?" Every camper and Slayer instinctively checked their belts or pockets for the small tubs of White-Out. They weren't ordinary White-Outs; after all, they were pretty good at disabling Sue-exclusive abilities. Some thanks to Luna as she was the sole producer of these Plot White-Outs. The sound of a war horn suddenly cut through the air. All of us looked back down at Camp Jupiter. Campers dressed in purple shirts and blue jeans were quickly running out of the barracks and were assembling themselves in a horizontal line. "We wasted too much time!" growled Clarisse, whose face was now completely red with anger, "We have to attack, NOW!" Clarisse next picked up her electric spear and charged into the camp with her entire cabin following her. A few seconds later, Holly and Laurel Victor, the twin Nike sisters, followed, along with the one Nemesis kid, Damien White. I cursed in Ancient Greek. I kind of expected Clarisse to still be blood-thirsty, but not that stupid. Then again, I wasn't exactly one to talk. "Eh," said Thalia, shrugging her shoulders, "We might as well follow since we don't have the element of surprise anymore." "I agree," piped up Leo Valdez, who tried putting his arm around Thalia at the same time. "What do you think, Jean?" Annabeth asked, turning her head. I hadn't noticed it earlier, but Jean's frustration was showing on her face. "Yeah, yeah, whatever, let's go," she answered, pulling a paintbrush out of her jeans, "Can't get any worse now." Jean then shouted in a very loud voice, "AD ACIEM!" Her words were in Latin, but I didn't know what they meant. Still, the intensity of her voice roused the rest of us for a battle with the Sues. At the same time, we all charged into Camp Jupiter. My first mistake was stepping into the river between the Caldecott Tunnel and the barracks. While everyone else was using the bridges to cross the river, I decided to run across instead. After all, I was a son of Poseidon, and the water couldn't hurt me if it tried. In fact, immersing myself in water always made me stronger. But this river was different for some reason. The instant both of my feet touched the top of the water, I felt coldness go down my spine. It wasn't painful, but soon, my entire body was steaming. Hoping to stop the steaming, I quickly jumped to the other side of the river. Unfortunately, the steaming didn't stop; in fact, it got more intense. However, after around seven seconds, the steam disappeared. I didn't know if I was hurt or not, but I felt pretty all right as if nothing weird had happened to my body. Still, I couldn't shake off the sense that I had just lost something. "Yo Percy!" yelled Ellis Wakefield who was fighting a blue-haired Mary Sue, "Help me out, wouldn't yah?" Got you, I thought. I raised my arms, the entire river behind me rose to a height of one-hundred feet. Then, I made a gesture like I was throwing something and the wave flew, washing away some Sues. "Thanks, bro," sputtered Ellis, who spitted out water as I ran past him to the walled military encampment in front of us. A dark-haired, green-eyed Sue suddenly popped out in front of me and said, "Hi, my name is Penelope Angelica Jackson. I am a daughter of Neptune and also your sister." I said something intelligent like "What?" before she punched me in the face. It hurt like Hades, and my nose started to bleed. But that was impossible, I thought at the time, I still have the Mark of Achilles. That was when I slowly realized that the river must have literally washed away my invulnerability. I raised my right hand and summoned the river once more, splashing us both. It did absolutely nothing to the Sue, who actually looked stronger. On the other hand, due to the presence of water, my nosebleed stopped. "You forgot,"