All translations, explanations, advertisements, and thought processes are at the end of the chapter. Disclaimer: All shows/ books/ video games/ songs that are mentioned in this chapter are all © to their respective owners, I don't own them. N ó rui the fifteenth of the Year 2002 during the Third Age Honor Rae opened her eyes to see green in almost all shades of it. Her eyes slowly focused and the canopy of trees came into focus; sunlight softly filtering through the gaps of leaves. The rushing of water could be heard in the background and felt by her legs which were still in it. Her legs were tingling; icy pins seemed to stab them repeatedly as the water tugged on them, trying to sweep her away once again. Her body seized and she rolled over onto her hands and knees; her lungs rejecting the river water in them. Honor Rae wheezed as the last of it was ejected from her freezing body, falling into a crumpled heap she laid there, and tried to recollect her thoughts. It had all started when Honor Rae and her self-proclaimed sister, Laura, had gone out for a picnic while preparing to go to a Zelda LARP. Their game master, Alex Hardman, had declared that it was their turn to play Green and Blue. They both had protested at first saying that they role-played better as Red and Vio. Alex had scolded them; telling them how it wasn't fair to others and that any true role-player should be able to adapt to any role given to them. They had reluctantly agreed with Alex and promised that they would try their best. It was Honor Rae who had suggested that they should go and have a picnic before meeting up with the rest of the group. Laura had heartily accepted the idea; so off they went. They choose a spot on the cliffs overlooking the St. Croix River with the Minnesotan wilderness surrounding them. They had finished their delicious lunch of sandwiches, Grandma's homemade potato salad, and peach ice tea. They had another forty-seven minutes before they had to pack up and leave, so they had decided to meander along the ledge of the cliff. It was a fool hardy idea; the ground had crumbled under Laura's feet and she fell backwards. Honor Rae had grabbed onto her friend pulling her back up to safety. They had sighed in relief, only for Honor Rae to meet the same fate. Laura hadn't reacted fast enough to catch her, so she jumped into the murky water below to retrieve her sister. Honor Rae couldn't swim and had never been able to before. When she hit the water; she had panicked, doing her very best to tread water, not swallow any water, and stay afloat. After a short time of struggling; she gave up, too tired to keep fighting. Honor Rae sank slowly to the river's bottom; she felt strangely calm and wasn't swallowing water as she first thought. There was no panic or pain, just a peaceful feeling of warmth and love. To her surprise, she could see and even breathe underwater. A strange but beautiful light suddenly engulfed her. The light was so bright and beautiful; it did not blind her eyes. She could look directly into the light without squinting. Honor Rae could hear music, which sounded like angels singing, and felt the presence of people around her whispering, but could not see them. Honor Rae had thought to herself, 'Am I dead? Is this the way you feel when you die?' She had no comprehension about time or how long she was in that state of mind. She felt safe and protected in a place that she knew nothing about. The peaceful presence of her well-being was almost euphoric to her. That was the last thing she saw and felt before being hit with a piece of rubbish that was being tossed about down the strong river currents. Then she had woken up on this river's shore. Did she simply wash up on the bank of the river? How far downstream had she been dragged? Was Laura okay? She clenched her hands, "I thought I was a goner…" Honor Rae looked to the left and to the right. 'Did Laura get dragged further downstream, or did she lose sight of me and land somewhere upstream?' Honor Rae was stuck with a problem. Should she go upriver and get help while possibly meeting up with Laura? Or, should she go downstream where she would get further into the wilderness and also possibly meet up with Laura? If she went upstream, she could run into some people, get some help, and could start a search party. If she went downstream without help, she would probably sign the death warrant for both herself and Laura. Besides, if Laura was downstream, she'd be heading upstream. With that in mind, Honor Rae dragged herself off the ground; feeling cold and wet. Checking the flow of the water, she edged away from it, and started to walk in the opposite direction, going upstream. 'Slogging my way through the forest; cold, wet, and half-drowned is not my idea of a good time. This is hands down, the worst day of my life.' I tripped over a root, scrapping my hands and knees; and then felt the overwhelming urge to cry. I bit my lip and told myself to suck it up. 'Come on, you're a country bumpkin Minnesotan. You're stronger than this; remember your Girl Scout training? Granted, you were only able to make the rank of a brownie scout captain, but that has to count for something!' I rubbed my eyes dry, unwittingly leaving small smears of blood on my face. I got up again, and continued my way, hopefully, towards civilization and help. However, I kept tripping and stumbling, to my complete puzzlement. There were times when I did trip over my own two feet, but never this constantly before… I looked down and saw that the boots, which previously had fitted me perfectly before, had grown several sizes too big. Didn't clothes shrink instead of grow? Speaking of my clothes; everything grew, not just my boots. I stopped completely and give myself another once over. Maybe my clothes didn't change sizes, but rather myself? Only one way to find out… I lifted the collar of my tunic up and glanced down. Yup, they were gone. My round, chubby belly and my breasts were gone. Yes, it was a crude way to find out, but it was the easiest way to prove myself correct. I was also tempted to check my legs to see if my leg hair still existed, but I resisted, my lacking "baby fat" was proof enough. I had regressed and have become a child again. To be honest, I didn't really know how to react. I mean, how would a person react if they found out that they had regressed a few years physically? I certainly didn't know how to handle it. In fact, I started to believe that this was all a dream; a realistic dream, yes, but still a dream. That was the only logical decision I could come to, there wasn't much else I could think of in the way of explaining this. I don't think anyone could explain this, I mean this isn't The curious case of Benjamin Button . If this is real, I'm going to become "the curious case of Honor Rae." Of course, when problems like this arrive on my personal self, I do like what I always did; I ignored it. That was my only coping mechanism. Suddenly, an idea struck me. What if I died and this was the afterlife? It would make sense, how else would I regress? Also, what about that dream I had while I was drowning? If I was right though, this would be a messed up afterlife. So, now I had two explanations for my situation. One, I was dreaming; or two, I had died and this was the afterlife. Fear started to leak through my senses, for in either case I was alone. Being in a strange and alien place was bad enough, but I couldn't stand the thought of being completely and utterly alone . I had few people that were precious to me, but those people were all I had. Never seeing them again was a crushing concept. Sometimes, I think I suffered from monophobia. I stumbled again, and decided to look where I was going. Up ahead was a clearing in the trees, it was a large plain. Not a meadow, for those were relatively smaller than this almost endless field. It had a few trees spotted randomly around and the large flowing river. Purple snow capped mountains loomed over in the distance. Heather and long grass flowed in the breeze. A bird circled over head and let out a brief call before disappearing; silence soon reigned after words. The lack of animal sounds left me apprehensive, some was wrong with this picture, but I didn't know what. I put those pessimistic thoughts in the back seat for the moment so I could concentrate on the matters at hand. I searched for any other signs of life. To my dismay, the surrounding area was abandoned and there wasn't a living soul in sight. It was getting close to evening when I had entered the plain and I knew I had to get moving on my merry little way. The farther I got the better; surely I would reach something if I kept going forward, wouldn't I? I don't know exactly how long I'd have to wander before I find something or more importantly someone, but hopefully it won't take very long. Of course, this was my optimistic side talking and not my logical one. I truly had no balance between my pessimism and optimism; sometimes I could be really irritating. The plain I was on didn't have any hills and was rather flat. There was long grass that covered the whole thing which came up to my chin; in other words, they were about as long as a yardstick. In a way it was like the Great Plains in Montana, Kansas, and whatever other states that the Great Plains are in. The long grass rippled and waved in the slightly cold breeze that worked its way towards me. Clouds were gathering in the skies in different hues, but they mostly stayed to darker tones with some yellows and was that… green? I frantically tried to remember that old adage my grandpa used to say. I think it was 'Red at night, sailors' delight. Red in the morning, sailors take warning?' I struggled to recall what color the sky was earlier that day to no success. I just knew that seeing hints of yellow with green were signs of future bad weather. I needed to find shelter to prepare myself. I was surrounded by tons of green things that weren't of any use and nearly screamed in frustration, until I saw a splotch of gray further on. Up ahead was an outer cropping of rocks; I raced towards it, hoping that there were no bears hidden inside it. In a closer inspection of it from twenty feet or so away, it soon became apparent that this was actually an old stone fort. A mostly decrepit stone fort, granted, but a fort nonetheless. It was two stories tall, made out of weathered stone that had ivy scaling up the side of it. I cautiously entered inside of it through the missing door that lead to the entry way. A stone wall had fallen in and parts of it had simply crumbled to dust. Moss and ivy had over run the walls, the floors had ferns growing inside of the common room, and wild flowers had made their home in the room adjacent to it. In total there were about