You know that feeling where something has happened before, and it's happening again? "Ladies first." I sometimes hate that feeling. The inevitable sigh escapes my lungs at the Capitolite's announcement, and I have to resist the urge to slouch while standing in line with the other male candidates. They're seriously milking the theatrics as much as possible. I guess in the end, the legacy of the Games permeates everything here in Panem, even though almost three years have passed since those events have officially been abolished. Granted, at least the dizzy bint didn't start the ceremony off with that whole "odds being in your favor" drivel; that would have probably pushed things into the farcical. Well… more farcical than they already are. Also, instead of rummaging around for slips in some reaping bowl, she instead takes out an embossed envelop and opens it to read out the name of the lucky winner: "Charlene Russell." Everybody gives the girl a polite congratulatory applause as she walks up the central aisle to reach the steps of the Tower. I don't remember seeing her on the on the ride here, and there's little-to-no reason for any self-respecting resident of Central to be a participant, which must mean that she's from the earthquake-ravaged hellhole that's East City; seriously, almost half a century has passed since the Great Quake and they still haven't got their shit together. Anyways, the applause and the thinly-veiled expression of accomplishment on the girl's face is probably the main thing that differentiates this from a reaping. Because instead of being randomly picked for an event where a bunch of kids run around and die pathetically like the idiots they are — barring that last one, but the less said about it the better — the kids in this ceremony are purposefully chosen for the chance to go to school under the Paylor Reconstruction Ordinance. Apparently, our president wants to "create a strong foundation to build upon a better tomorrow" or something along those lines. So last year, under that philosophy, she announced the PRO plan which contains a patchwork of different government projects that are supposed to get this nation all prosperous 'n' shit. Well, one of the programs is one that will send a guy and girl from each district to study, free of charge, at the University of Panem in the Capitol; the idea being that it would train new leaders for the future. I'm actually more than capable to affording both the tuition, travel, and living expenses — I mean for nice living quarters; not some morphling-ridden tenement in District Town — but my folks knew that there was no way I was going to waste money going to some liberal arts program where I'd be surrounded by limp-wristed Capitolites and resentful district kids with lofty notions in those added minds of theirs. I don't want to be in the Capitol; I want to be here in Central, but that's still not a possibility right now even though I'm legally an adult. So when this program was announced, Ma and Pa made a deal with me: if I entered into this contest and at least became a prospective candidate, they'd try to pull some strings to allow me to return; if I somehow win, then there should be no reason I couldn't return after I finish with everything. So I agreed to their terms and applied; better than pouring over the genetic information of random agricultural products. After applying, I had to take a comprehensive test which served as a screening tool. There were the usual math, science, literacy, and conceptual questions — a bit on the steep side of the learning curve, but nothing out of the ordinary — but the biggest part of the test contained the subject of civics. Fortunately, they allowed ample time to study beforehand. And lo and behold, I passed, which made me a prospective candidate. From there, background info of the candidates gets sent to the committee so that they can decide on who they deem worthy to attend the program. That last "background check" part is why I'm more than sure they're not going to pick me. "And now, for the boys." Yeah yeah yeah… let's get this over with so I can go back ho— "Edwen Bannon." -me? Wait, what. To say that I'm floored would be an understatement. I mean, I know that I'm smart enough to get in but I also know that my background should have been considered a liability in the decision-making process; not to mention that it seems a bit unfair to pick the one guy who is actually able to afford this. What the hell were these people taking when they chose me? The announcer calling my name again shakes me out of my thoughts, and I look up to see that, to my abject mortification, the cameras have already focused on me and are projecting my wide-eyed and slackjawed visage for the crowds — not to mention those watching the nationwide broadcast — to see. Great, now I look as mentally-deficient as the mouth-breathing chuckleheads surrounding me. After quickly clamping my mouth shut and adopting an expression of professional impassiveness, my previous bemusement is carefully smoothed away by me casually straightening my vest before I begin my walk to the center aisle. As I do so, the usual polite applause comes from the rest of the kids and their families, though those who do recognize me aren't bothering to hide their contempt. However, behind them, an uproarious cheer goes up from the crowd at the perimeter — something they didn't do for Russell, which confirms where she's from — and I can't help but grin and wave a bit. While I may no longer reside in Central, everybody here so far treats me as if I haven't left in the first place; then again it's not like I left by choice, no thanks to the damn Rebellion. Oh well… there's no point dwelling over the past when there's stuff to do now. I take a look forward to see the people standing at the top of the steps. Besides the program representatives, there are the winners from Districts Eight, Twelve, and Eleven — Three's the last district for this section — plus District Three's governor who has come down from the new capital city, which is around a hundred klicks north of us; the place is still under refurbishment, which probably explains why we are having the ceremony here and not there. And then there are Central's officials: Mayor Charlton, Provost Lewis, Secretary Beetee — as the new department head, he has moved the Department of Science and Technology from the Capitol to here; it's fitting in my opinion — and of course, probably the scariest person in all of Panem, Commander Porus. As I walk up, the officials are all applauding as well, and the ones from Central actually have smiles on their faces; well, except for the Commandant, but that's a given. Suddenly a look of confusion appears on the outsider officials' faces, the smiles turn to exasperation on the Central officials, and the Commandant pinching the bridge of her nose. When Beetee starts rapidly beckoning for me to hurry up, I comply but give him a questioning expression; he motions to one of the screens, and that's when I see a certain CMY-haired bastard striding purposefully on my trail and rapidly shortening the distance between us. Sonuva… Before I can pick up my pace, I'm lifted off the ground and thrown across a set of shoulders. As I'm carried the rest of the way, I growl, "Luce, what the fu—" "Language, Ned," the Corpsman chides in that infuriatingly chirpy manner of his. "This is still being broadcasted; don't want to make yourself look bad, do you?" "You are doing a good job of it yourself. I hope you get NJP'd for this." "Off-duty and out-of-uniform," he counters. "Officially maybe. Unofficially, don't you still live in the same household as the Commandant?" AKA his mother; I suspect that he's not too old to get grounded or at least lectured to, which is a lot worse than it sounds when the person lecturing is taken into account. She's probably not too thrilled about the fact that Three, or at least Central, is probably becoming the laughing stock of Panem. Luce's freckles are thrown into contrast as his face pales ever so slightly, but he casually states, "Worth it. Fact." I sigh in response before noticing something: "Hmm… you're actually looking pretty sharp right now, and your cover's missing. She dressed you, didn't she." "Thanks, but what makes you say that?" "Because we both know that if fashion sense was tied to combat capability, you'd lose a fight against a snowflake… in summertime. Joe ain't any better, and you are old enough that the Commandant ain't going to be dressing you anytime soon. That only leaves the Bi—" "Hold that thought for a moment, Ned," Luce interjects. "You know that I'm always one to respect your opinion. Just keep in mind that Lucy is still my sister and you are within my grasp." Despite the friendly tone, I recognize a warning when I hear it. Sometimes it's easy to forget that this guy is capable of killing a person with his bare hands in more ways than I can count and that he can also inflict nonlethal-yet-excruciating bodily harm in just as many ways. "Well… you get the idea. So… is there a reason you actually decided to rock the smart casual look?" "Ain't it obvious?" When I don't respond, he huffs slightly. "We knew that you'd win. So making sure that you have a memorable entrance is the least that we could do, and it helps to looks good while doing it." "It seems that I'm the only one who reckons it's weird that I got chos—aah!" We must have reach our destination as Luce immediately lets go, which causes me to tumble down his back. Fortunately, he's done this more than a few times in the past, so I know how to hit the ground in a way that not only prevents injury but also keeps my clothes from being scuffed. However, while I stand back up, my attempt at salvaging any remnant of my dignity is short-lived as a torrent of ice water cascades over me. After the initial shock, I turn around and push back my now-soaking hair to look upon a grinning Joe and Brue — both also dressed fairly decently — holding a now-empty cooler between them. All of the outsiders in the crowd appear to be frozen in shock while those from Central have increased the volumes of their cheers; the officials just look resigned. All three of the guys give me congratulatory pats on the back and tousle my hair before they quickly scurry off when the Commandant sends a scowl in their direction. Thing is, their version of a congratulations may have been on the… excessive side, but I can't say I'm not pleased to see them again. In general, it's good to be back, if only for a short while. If the outsiders have a problem with this display, they can go suck eggs and pound sand. While still in a dripping state, I accept congratulations from the officials in a more professional manner, though the ones from Central also pat me on the back. I could be imagining it, but I swear that I even see a hint of a smile on the Commandant's face. My future classmates are less amicable; all seven of them are looking at me with thinly veiled contempt and disdain. As we shake hands, I bare my teeth in a technical smile and, without visibly moving my lips, say, "Hey guys! Do I know any of you?" A slight check verifies that sound is not being broadcasted. Good. Russell decides to speak for the group.