Hey everyone, so happy to be back after a long, long break from FF. As I've matured, I've come to look back on my previous works as, ah, well... not great. Sub-optimal, one might say. So I'm hoping to revamp my image with a new story like this one :). Reviews are incredibly appreciated! Let me know if you think this should be a multi-chapter fic or if I should keep it as a one-shot, I'd love to hear thoughts! I was thinking about doing a whole series of these as a story about the Heroes of Olympus in college/NYC, but I like the ending to this so much I'm not sure... Let me know! Enjoy, and happy reading! "Okay. I'm not going to say anything to Annabeth, and no one's going to get in trouble, but…" These were the first words that Nico registered Percy saying as he regained consciousness from his mid-afternoon nap on the couch. Groggily, he forced himself to pay bleary-eyed attention. "Who was the idiot who left the ambrosia out with the mortal food? If you didn't already get this, you're an idiot. Whoever you are." A melody of shuffling and opening/closing of drawers led Nico to believe that Percy was rectifying the situation, albeit reticently. Percy was never one to enjoy household chores, even ones so minute as redistributing ambrosia. Shifting his attention, Nico ignored the cricking in his neck in order to look across the room, where he found Jason and Frank playing cards. If facial expressions were any indicator, Jason seemed to be losing spectacularly. He was alternating between Latin and Greek swear words. Nico's focus was drawn back to Percy as the older boy looked down at him with a bemused expression. "Don't you have homework to do, dude?" The son of Hades grumbled in response. "Meh. Can get to it later. Nap now." Percy's responding eye roll was more felt than it was seen. "Jut get on it before Annabeth gets home." Nico meant to respond in a begrudging affirmative, but with his face stuffed into a pillow, it more closely resembled "Muh-fuh-neh-huh." "Vlakas!" Apparently Jason was still losing valiantly behind him. Nico smiled into the couch cushion. Percy's use of the word "home" did not go unnoticed. It was a year and a half after Gaea had been defeated that the Heroes of Olympus congregated in order to put a deposit down on a mid-sized loft in Lincoln Center. Now, you might be thinking, What?! How the Hades can eight teenagers afford a loft in Manhattan? The answer is quite simply, really: the Olympians needed to repay their children for saving them from utter destruction — again — somehow. In lieu of invitations to become immortal, the Heroes decided it would be more suitable to ask for donations toward the Cost of Living in Manhattan/Close to Olympus is Ridiculous Foundation. Proceeds went towards eight poor, misunderstood demigods just trying to make it in a big city like New York. Touching family story, really. All in all, what they ended up with was a sum so large they could all split an astronomically priced apartment in the heart of Manhattan and still store some away for college. It was one of those few and far-between times in which being a demigod — or Greek hero in general — actually paid off. Go figure. So there they were almost a year later; center of the city, good proximity to Mount Olympus, and most of them making their respective ways through college. Just as Nico was re-waking up from his nap and pulling out his Trigonometry homework (being two years younger than the majority of your college-age friends meant Trig, AP classes, and lunch periods. Great.), he heard the jingling of keys in the door and prepared himself for another inhabitant of the loft (Leo had taken to calling their group the "Loft Heroes" because of Jason and Percy, both of whom had done the whole memory-loss-camp-switch-a-roo thing. No one laughed except for Leo. Excessively.). In walked an exhausted-looking Annabeth, followed by Leo and an equally exhausted-looking Piper. Piper beelined it for her boyfriend and greeted him with some sort of affectionate full-body slap that was received by the son of Jupiter with an, " oof. " Nico quirked an eyebrow. Girls. Leo seemed fine, though. So there was that. Annabeth proceeded to toss her messenger bag onto a nearby coat hook and plop herself down onto the closest possible seat. This, unfortunately, happened to be the couch upon which Nico was currently residing. He pulled his legs down onto the floor quickly in order to avoid them being sat on by the daughter of Athena. Subsequently he watched as she blew a piece of hair out of her face with a puff and let her head drop dejectedly into her palms. Nico, again, quirked an eyebrow. "Long day?" "The longest, ever." She replied, head still in hands. The sound was muffled initially but Nico got the message. It was a head-in-hands kind of day. Annabeth was a sophomore in the Architecture and Design school at NYU, paid for overwhelmingly by merit scholarship money instead of the squirrel fund the twelve Olympians had provided them. Just, you know, because she was Annabeth. Along with that, she was still in the process of redesigning Mount Olympus because of the destruction Luke/Kronos had done to it almost three years before. Her design process had been a little derailed by the whole Gaea thing and the sudden disappearance of her boyfriend of four months. Speaking of Percy, where was he? Nico was pretty sure that wherever Annabeth was at any given point in time, Percy would most likely be trailing about four feet behind. Usually he was looking for monsters that were — or weren't — going to jump out of thin air to attack them. Other times he was just confused and wandering behind her as she gave him direction on where they were going. The son of Hades blinked in a moment of great self-reflection. How on the Gods' green earth did I have a crush on that boy for more than three seconds? The thought made him shudder. Percy would spend most of his days walking continually into walls like an out-of-control Sim if it wasn't for Annabeth. The two demigods were made for each other. After their plans for New Rome had fallen through (Not enough respect for Minerva. Too much Latin. Way too far from Mount Olympus.), Percy and Annabeth had redirected their dreams back to the Empire State and worked out their plans for education. Well, Annabeth had. Getting Percy to commit to a four-year college was about as easy as herding Apollo's sacred red cows with both hands tied behind your back and blindfolded. So, not at all. He had laughed outright at the possibility of joining Annabeth at NYU, citing the fact that with my track record and GPA they'd sooner accept me into the University of Tartarus . Columbia was the same way, Fordham was a no-go because of something to do with the Jesuits and his mom's side of the family never getting along (?), and Pace was "barely even in New York City." He had compromised with CCNY's Oceanography program, joined the swim team to fully regain his trust in water, and was fully content to lose a race every now and again to lower suspicion about his abilities. Although in his words, if an Olympic scout happens to see me at school and give me his card, I'm not going to say no. Annabeth whacked him good for that one. He never joked about it again, but Nico was pretty sure he was still thinking it. Nico looked over his shoulder to where Piper was leaning her head on Jason's shoulder, muttering incoherently about research papers on cognitive dissonance and its effects on hamsters or something ridiculously serendipitous like that. Nico rolled his eyes. Psych majors . Annabeth stirred next to him. "Please," her voice was hoarse, like she had been yelling orders at freshmen in group projects all day, "please tell me there's some leftover Pad Thai. Either that or ambrosia. Someone feed me ambrosia until I spontaneously combust and die." Well that wasn't going to happen. Annabeth was the one who signed all of the lease paperwork. She earned a few laughs, but mostly just concerned looks. Nobody was sure which one she was going for. "What was the project today?" Asked Frank. He and Jason had both received athletic scholarships to Fordham College Rose Hill; Jason for track, Frank for football. The daily trek into the Bronx was grueling, but being able to choose classes with priority helped them settle in. "A dome. A fucking dome . I'm not sure if these are sophomores in high school or college, because my group members obviously do not know what they're doing." "Or," chimed a new voice entering from the stairs to the loft, "maybe you're just a million lightyears ahead of everyone else because you're just that good." It was Percy. Annabeth's tired look seemed to soften when she looked at him. Instead of seeming world-weary like she had a minute ago, she now just seemed sleepy. It was so blatantly cute Nico almost projectile vomited onto his textbooks. Annabeth, for her part, seemed placated. "They should still know how to make a Gods-forsaken dome …" Percy grinned as he walked up to the couch and planted a kiss on her forehead. Piper cooed from across the room, which clued Nico in on the fact that the Percy and Annabeth Show was being watched by most everyone in the apartment. Creepy or cute? Tune in later to find out. Annabeth smiled groggily at her boyfriend. "You need to stop working yourself so hard, Wise Girl." "Yeah, well, if someone else wants to volunteer to design Olympus' new garden for Artemis while I'm doing my 3D design homework, be my guest." There were no volunteers. "Until then, I'm going to go draw up some plans." This seemed like a task more daunting than fighting Arachne, if you judged by Annabeth's face. She looked downtrodden by the amount of work she was doing, and Nico felt a sudden pang of guilt as he thought about all of the responsibilities she held within the house. Annabeth, however, was obviously more focused on current things: she got up from the couch, stretched, groaned at the strain on her sore muscles, and made her way toward the her hovel/studio in the loft. But she didn't make it more than a step before her boyfriend gently took hold of her arm, almost pleadingly, so she would turn to look at him. It took her a while to look at him. Nico wondered what she was so fixated on; it was the loft, and she was looking at it like she looked down at the pit to Tartarus. Nico was left wondering how bad her stress levels had become lately. Percy looked at her imploringly, as if to say, don't work too hard or I will be taking extreme and unwanted measures to stop you . It was such a private moment that Nico was sure he wasn't the only one that looked away. By the time he looked back, Annabeth was already halfway up the staircase and Percy was staring at her retreating form. While many might find this concerning, Nico often caught there two gazing at each other when they thought no one was looking. They were drinking in the fact that the other was there, as if they might dissolve and float into the wind at any minute. He knew that neither of them took for granted the fact that the other was present, unharmed; safe. Often times he knew it was hard for them to believe. Those were the times when he could see the dark cloud that Tartarus had left sitting idly over