Disclaimer: Nothing is mine, go on and adopt this so long as you keep it secret.. Keep it safe. JK kekeke Oneshot, Dramione AU Harry Potter Song: Thanks for the Memories [Fall Out Boy] Scene: 3rd Year's Winter Ball Hermione enters the Great Hall with Harry and Ron on either arm. It was going to be a fabulous night at the Winter Ball, the three had been looking forward to it all month. Harry in he pre-used black and white wizards tux while Ron has on his frilly hand-me-down dress Robes. Hermione is donning a gorgeous gown she saved up for from the muggle world, hoping she won't stand out too much since it's not in a usual witchly style yet still manages to take the breaths away from witches and wizards alike as she elegantly places each silver heeled foot down one step at a time, not breaking a sweat. The tulle flows around from her hips like pure white feathers, reaching the floor at her back yet proudly displaying her shoes. The top of her bodice hangs off her shoulders with barely-there sleeves and silver lined white feathers covering up to her bosom, but not quite all of it. The whole of the dress is graced with beautiful silver, casting off a shimmer as if made with magic. Her hair is completely off her neck this time with large silver pins in her hair that resembles snow flakes, and small curls beautifully framing her face. Ron breaks off to look for friends and refreshments and perhaps a dance partner, if he's lucky. There was no further connection to the trio besides friendship so Hermione smiles to his back as he departs. Harry does something much the same after seeing some of his favorite teachers he wishes to have a word with, leaving Hermione in the middle of the dance floor to take in the scenery. The ceiling is enchanted with iridescent snow falling from a star-studded night sky, blissfully complementing her gown. White and black trees line the walls asymmetrically covered with magical snow that never melts but feels slightly cold for effect. White draped long tables with silver rimmed glass flutes filled with sparkling substance and little powdered sugar treats are on separate silver trays are passed around magically floating on air. The stage where the performers ought to be was currently closed with black velvet curtains, awaiting for all of the guests to arrive. Hermione excitedly looks around, greeting all of the guests that have arrived, mostly her friends and acquaintances from her classes. Cedric Diggory passes by, eyeing her up and down a smile in the crook of his mouth before Cho slaps his shoulder to get his attention then grabs his arm to pull him away from her, making Hermione giggle behind a white gloved hand. A tall wizard in splendid black garb she had never seen before steps out from the velvet curtain and clears his throat with a confident smirk, making everyone in the room look towards the stage. "Beauteous Lady Witches and Vexing Wizard Gents, do not be afraid, be furious! Do not be strangers, be notorious! For tonight the performance we have for you today comes straight from the courtesy of Mr. Malfoy himself.." Lucius, looking snobbish as usual, lifts his chin to receive the applause and excited whispers around the floor. Hermione frowned a little, not expecting this arrangement she originally overheard from the headmaster in his conversation with Professor McGonagall. Namely the string quartet they were planning on hosting the event, courtesy of the headmaster himself. Instead, the rush of excited whispers kept her on her toes. 'What is he up to?' She thought to herself before the enchanting announcer continued.. "May I present my Wrock [Wizard Rock] Band: The Vexers!" A burst of cheers nearly deafened Hermione as the curtains slowly withdrew to reveal the announcer in front as the lead singer while the other members had their back turned. The guitarist on the left striked up a tempo in beat with the drummer and bass. Enchanted violins floated above them beginning their first song.. One that sounded strangely familiar. A popular song she had thought came from the muggle world?! The guitarist then turned around and picked her out first in the crowd as she was too shocked to even find a dance partner. Heck, no one did, they only crowded beneath the stage, leaving her wide open and easy to spot, giving way to show off just how splendid she did under the falling snow and dimmed lighting. Only after quickly checking her out did she madly blush before he opened his mouth to sing. XoXoXo Draco patiently waited for their dimwitted lead singer to finish his agonizingly slow introduction. "Ah, it's time boys!" He announced as he spelled his guitar to stay at his hip without the need for a strap, "Let's make the witches panties drop!" The thick black curtains opened to their backs facing the crowds. He planned everything to be just the right surprise to the school. No one would call him a coward after tonight. Not after what he had in store for them, especially that annoyingly studious Granger Mudblood who always had the perfect comeback to his taunts. 'I'll show her..' He deviously thought to himself. He remembered his promise to her he had made in second year. Him and his mates started to play in sync to the curtains rising before he turned first to start the song with electric guitar, while looking for his first target. He was momentarily caught off guard when he spotted her, nearly missing the beat, as she was looking straight at him, blushing wildly, and looking.. oh Merlin, he didn't have the time to come up with words other than perfectly ravishing. Without further hesitation he draws in a breath and in a ruttish low voices sings: "I'm gonna make you bend and break [lead joins in: it sent you to me without wait], [Together:] Say a prayer, but let the good times roll In case God doesn't show [Draco sings with a wink at her: let the good times roll, let the good times roll]" [Draco:] "And I want these words to make things right [Lead:] but it's the wrongs that make the words [Together:] come to life [Draco:] Who does he think he is? [Lead:] If that's the worst you got, better put your fingers back to the key" XoXoXo Hermione would have never guessed in her wildest dreams that Malfoy could sing like that. It sent a magical current to her toes and back, with no help from the enchanted speakers where she could hear Draco's guitar rifts loud and clear.. [Together/Chorus:] One night and one more time Thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great He tastes like you, only sweeter One night, yeah, one more time Thanks for the memories, thanks for the memories See, he tastes like you, only sweeter, oh… She felt strange he wasn't looking at anyone but her. It was very obvious the way she stood in her own clearing in the middle while everyone else jumped to the beat, pushing forward in a way similar to a muggle moshpit. How was she to know his band's music had leaked through to the muggle world where is was quite a hit. She always loved the guitarists husky voice and learned the song by heart in her summer stays at home when she wasn't around her two goofy friends. It would have been too embarrassing to share her obsession with this band, not knowing they were of magical origin. Merlin's beard, what would they think if they knew she was consistently wooing over the voice of none other than Draco Malfoy! She hated to admit hearing him perform live was.. so much sexier! To see lips to match the lyrics that had moved on to the next part of the song now was overwhelming her with sensations she never felt before.. [Draco:] Been looking forward to the future [Lead:] But my eyesight is going bad In this crystal ball [Draco:] It is always cloudy except for [Lead:] When I look into the past One.. Night.. Stand.. One night stand, oh! By the next chorus she couldn't help her heart keeping with the beat and allowed herself to change from a face of shock to pleasantly surprised. XoXoXo Draco could see the effect he was having on her was a success. She was beginning to smile, for fuck's sake! The energy he felt from the room was nothing compared to how he felt when The Hermione Granger was actually smiling at him for the first time, giving him a magical charge of energy into their next chorus: [Together/Chorus:] One night and one more time! Thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great He tastes like you, only sweeter One night, yeah, one more time Thanks for the memories, thanks for the memories See, he tastes like you, only sweeter.. Oh.. The music broke into a quiet but beautiful piece where Draco did some picking at his guitar.. [Draco:] They say.. [Lead:] I only think, in the form of crunching numbers in hotel rooms, collecting page six lovers get me out of my mind get you out of those clothes I'm a liner away from getting you into the mood.. Whoa.. [Together/Chorus with just Drums:] One night and one more time Thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great He tastes like you, only sweeter One night, yeah, one more time Thanks for the memories, thanks for the memories See, he tastes like you, only sweeter, oh… [Repeat Together/Chorus with Gusto:] [Draco:] One more night, one more time.. [Together:] Thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great He tastes like you, only sweeter [Draco:] One more night, one more time [while the rest in background:] One night, yeah, one more time Thanks for the memories, thanks for the memories See, he tastes like you, only sweeter, oh…! Draco ends the last beat on his guitar, allowing the crowd on the dance floor to go wild. Third year girls screamed for Draco and the lead singer with their arms raised while the boys forgot to even care that their dates were doing so. They were too caught up that someone in their own school was part of the mysterious Wrock group, as they pumped their fists in the air yelling, "yeah, mate! That's my friend up there! Go Slytherin!" Hermione had half a mind to join in on the chaos but quickly remembered her friends were at the refreshment tables near the end of the Great Hall, where the whole of the Winter Ball was being held. It wouldn't please them to see her secret admiration for this band, especially now that she knows it consists of their number one sworn school enemy. She all but fled to where they were currently standing, treats and goblets in hand, mouths hanging open after witnessing such a major blow to their egos. Ron would no doubt be furious, just as the announcer/lead singer predicted, but she knew there would be a far worse reaction from Harry, who unfortunately began choking on a piece of treacle tart before she got there. His face was beat red from coughing. "Oh, no, Harry!" Hermione rushed over to pat his back, her own face was red for entirely different reasons. "Should we, uh, go to the hospital wing?" Ron thought up quickly, grimacing as his ego felt bruised just a tad (a complete understatement, I would have you know) when Malfoy's band started up another favorite song of hers. "Excellent suggestion, Ron!" She blurted before the two grabbed Harry on each side and hurried him out of the room before anyone knew what to make of the 'Golden Trio.' XoXoXo [Still Hermione's POV] For once in her life, Hermione Jean Granger felt torn. She never,