" Annabeth, you must listen to me." There was an uncharacteristic tenderness in Athena's voice. Her ordinarily cold, silver eyes held the warmth of molten mercury. Annabeth looked to her mother where she knelt on the intricate rug to be eye-level with the youthful child. The queen's rouge gown billowed around her frame, blooming out like the most resplendent rose. Annabeth mused about the rug beneath the pair, her mind already wandering off deep into unthought fantasies. She remembered it had been a gift from her father, King Frederick. He had bought it on an uncharted island off the coast of East Tangya from a furtive man, hidden beneath a dark cloak. The man had been living on the edges of a ferocious jungle in which a hidden treasure was supposed to lay. The rug was woven from the fur of a mythological beast, the Lion of Hope, Frederick told Annabeth. That's why it lusters with golden light despite the darkness around us, she recalled. The Lion of Hope had been one of Annabeth's favorite fables, read to her by Hestia, her personal maid that had always smiled so benevolently and tucked her in when the thunderous storms rattled the glass windows in rancour. The elderly woman would be illuminated by the moon during twilight, glowing with the sheen of a goddess. Her melodic voice danced over the memorized words, reciting the tale of a beast existing only in spirit and granting the wishes of those pure of heart. Annabeth adored the way Hestia's eyes crackled with effulgence as she recanted the audacious story of the mischievous, but joyous lion and the happenings he stirred. Athena laid a pacifying hand on Annabeth's shoulder, her brown hair drifting in her eyes, awakening the princess from her mind. " Please, darling, listen to me. I know it is hard for you, but you must." Annabeth was taken aback. Never before had her mother acknowledged the challenges Annabeth faced in focusing and learning; she had only ever told her to work harder, put in more effort, to stop being so weak. Annabeth had never witnessed so much as a hint of empathy from her mother. Yet, now her mother was being soft and caring. Annabeth brought her eyes to her mother's identical ones, skirmishing with the enticing dreams and thoughts that rambled in her head. Athena sighed with relief. " Thank you," Athena said with a slight tremble wavering in her voice. The wobble made Annabeth quite curious as her mother was a composed woman, but she had no time to think on it more because just as soon Athena was taking a deep breath and directing a speech towards her daughter. " Remember what I have taught you. Remember your strategy training, remember the ways to identify deceit. You may not have these classes anymore. Remember your upbringing and you will succeed in all that needs succeeding. And please, Annabeth, please remember me. You will be a great ruler one day." She kissed the top of Annabeth's head and exited the bedroom without a glimpse behind. Annabeth was left with a million questions, all of which would be endlessly unanswered. The castle was hollow, devoid of all the mirth that once radiated in the halls and warmed the soulless stones. A spectral wind lingered in the sodden air, chilling anyone to the bone that dared cross its path. Goosebumps began to rise across Annabeth's covered arms, perking her awake from the droning afternoon. The throne room had always been the worst part of the castle. It wasn't like the other parts that were merely cold, no the throne room was something more malicious; something more alive. Every crevice was its own black hole, mercilessly sucking the life and felicity from all that carried a glimmer of optimism and brightness. Whenever she left the room Annabeth felt drained and weak, pale and sickly. The rosy glow in her cheeks would dim, a sway in her steps would appear. The throne room was made to host those of lesser status, to hear out the words of strategy from fellow politicians or the pleas of fruitless peasants in critical need of nourishment. Every single detail of the disquieting space had meticulous purpose- to portray the most daunting interior possible so only the truth would be spoken and liars weeded out. Annabeth had to admit, the layout worked rather well. Today, the Royals' audience was requested by Jason Grace, the lord of Rome. Rome was a small land west of Olympia that had upheld a peace treaty with the large kingdom for several decades until Lord Jupiter, Jason's father, had desired a gain of power. Jupiter had been avaricious, seeking Olympia's wealth, but not having the power to do so. The man had created unrest in both lands and caused battles that only shed innocent blood. His so called 'army' was merely a hodgepodge of impoverished farmers with nothing to lose and brutish warriors with surplus amounts of doltish loyalty. The dozens of soldiers stood not a chance against the elite thousands Olympia trained pitilessly so only the most indurate of fighters ranked amongst the midst. Jupiter had been too brash and impulsive to do much damage to Olympia or increase Rome's power and jurisdiction, but the rebellion ultimately killed the aging man. The effects tainted the land, leaving it untrustworthy and causing Jupiter's son to have to seek council with the Royals biannually. Jason was a dashing young man and had been eligible as a suitor for Annabeth for many years until his father's mutiny. It had been unofficially settled that the Grace bloodline would not emblaze the ominous castle for many generations. Queen Hera lifted her chin augustly to conclude a conversation the princess had filtered out of her thoughts. She always seemed to be amiss in the remnants of the past. Her persistently restless mind could not succumb to such dry things as courtly communications. "Thank you, Lord Jason, for your company here. I am glad you have sustained my wishes in our treaty thus far. Unlike your father, you show great loyalty and ethics." She bedazzled him with a pearly smile. Annabeth shivered. Hera's voice contained a sinister message underneath the feigned politeness. Her silky words had been laced with a viciousness, threatening Jason that if he were to even put a toe out of line his head would be waiting on a silver platter. Fortunately for the boy, he was not foolish and from the glint of intelligence in his electric blue eyes, Annabeth knew he'd be able to withstand her stepmother, at least for the time being. Lord Jason graciously bowed, with an over exaggerated, sweeping hand motion. Hera grew pleased in the grand gesture. "My deepest gratitude for your allowance of my presence, my queen." His sturdy voice was docile, formal- the way one's voice should be in front of a deadly weapon. Hera gave a dismal wave of her gloved hand and the young man retreated out of the room. Annabeth dared a glance at her stepmother, who now sat in somber silence, possibly ciphering her next political move. A slight pang of envy hit Annabeth in the gut. Despite Hera's twisted, red lips and cruel, brown eyes she still looked to be the most regal thing to ever jewel the lands of Olympia. Every flicker of skin sparkled with elegance, every wisp of hair flowed handsomely down her back, every bat of her thick, thick eyelashes made someone swoon. Annabeth despised Queen Hera, her insides churned with sickness every time she was forced to speak her name, look her in those too large eyes, remember the heinous act she had committed. Her ethereal beauty didn't help to extinguish the burning ire streaming through Annabeth's blood and yet, the princess couldn't help admire the unnatural grace. Annabeth sat in her own throne, though it was much smaller in size than the Queen's golden one. Her's was made of silver, matching the color of her always calculating eyes. She sat prim and proper, but it was not enough to project the entrancing fairness that the queen conjured. Her blonde curls swept over her shoulders smoothly enough, but did not cascade down like the chocolate locks of the queen. Annabeth had always speculated sorcery was the truth behind Hera's loveliness. No one that wretched could procure such a marvelous exterior naturally. "Annabeth, dear, what did I tell you about staring? It's horribly rude." Hera turned her head towards her stepdaughter, a false motherly smile on her lips. She tried to put a sheath of kindness in her eyes, but Annabeth saw through the feeble mirage. "My apologies, your highness ." Annabeth did nothing to conceal the steel in her voice as her teeth gritted together. Her emotions always wrangled to the surface when the particular ruler was involved. "Tsk, tsk. I'd watch your tone, young princess. It'd be quite a shame if the Gods were to punish you for your reckless locution." Annabeth clenched her jaw. The phoney sympathy in the queen's voice was enough for bile to rise in the princess' throat. "If I may say, I do not reckon it would be the Gods punishment. Such heavenly beings are never so vile or even respondent to the menial lines of us mortals. Now as for humans, especially those in positions of authority, they often turn to castigating ways." Her smile dripped with spurious honey, a sickly sweet meant only for poisoning. Annabeth descended her seat and made her way to the skyscraping, arched oak doors, not wanting to risk Hera's reaction to her insolent ways. As the stoic guard began to open the passageway for the princess, Hera's voice echoed through the chamber, much to Annabeth's dread. An algid stone sank in her stomach. "Oh, dear Annie, before you go I must reckon that I agree with you; it is often the majesties to be the executors." Malevolence fluttered around the queen. Annabeth remained silent in defiance and strode into the torch-lit hallway, not braving to turn around and look at her stepmother's face. She suspected that the way Hera looked behind her was how she looked when she murdered Annabeth's mother. " Annabeth you do understand I must remarry, don't you? It is for the sake of our kingdom only, I can assure you. We need strong alliances and Skilana is an opulent one. Besides, Princess Hera is a divine woman." King Frederick told his daughter in his gruff, burly voice from across the table. The princess merely shrugged, pushing around the remnants of her supper on the porcelain plate. A jarring scratch sounded from the metal fork as roasted carrots and asparagus were shoved to the perimeters of the dish. Annabeth focused on her scalp straining against the tightness of her bun, reminding herself to speak with her new maid that she'd need it much looser if she wanted to not pay attention to the agonizing tension her follicles felt. Her heart mourned in longing for her beloved Hestia, the woman that had become as much as family as her parents were. Her passing on top of Annabeth's mother created an elephantine weight that the juvenescent girl could not bear to lift. The eight-year-old could not bolster anymore depressing matter or she would collapse under the stress of it all. " Annabeth please, I am trying my best. You did not feel Helena suited this family with her twin boys, so I did not ask for her hand, but dare I say I am bewitched with Hera. Her kingdom can offer great things and create even more strength in ours. She will blend right into the family, a new piece to the puzzle." His voice carried traces of desperation. Frederick needed approval from his daughter, he would not do anything involving their family without consulting the young girl. The princess drew in a long breath, filling her lungs with sweetened summer air. " If it is