"Do you have to go for the whole summer? What am I supposed to do without my best friend?" Percy whined as he slumped himself against the now barren mattress. Annabeth smiled at his goofy antics as she continued stripping her room of its personality. Down the blueprints of the Empire State Building went from her crisp white walls. Down the picture of a hugging Percy and Annabeth went. It had adorned her room for nine years. A clean, square slate of untarnished white remained as a ghost of the beloved picture. Annabeth continued packing all of her most treasured possessions collected from years worth of living, preparing for her leave to college in just months. Beaten and battered cardboard boxes laid haphazardly around the room in an un-Annabeth like way. Some were taped shut with dark labels written in a pristine handwriting that took her far too long to do than Annabeth would have liked to admit. Finally after a satisfied sigh and the last of the objects neatly tucked away in its proper box, Annabeth joined Percy on the naked mattress with a resonating thump! She pushed his inky hair from his eyes and reckoned he'd need a cut soon. He looked upon her with windows to the sea, a tender vulnerability held in the glance. "You know I've had this trip planned since the beginning of freshman year. And now we're official high school graduates." She kept her voice gentle and reassuring, her face might not have been as despaired as Percy's, but she felt the pain of being away from him in her own ways. Her brain turned and spun like clockwork with all the future specks of longing and loneliness. Percy being her best friend was an understatement. He was entwined with her being. His laugh held roots in her heart, his love for blue food of any kind was ingrained in her skin; everything good from his bright smile to everything bad with his quick temper was a part of her also. And now... well now Annabeth was leaving for two months. Never had the pair been without physical contact for that long. They vacationed together, went to school together, ate together, and nearly everything else together. The pattern they had become so accustomed to throughout years of friendship was shattered as easy as the glass dishes tucked away in a cardboard box just feet away from the pair. "I know. It's just going to be weird." Percy said sullenly. His face was drawn with downcast gloom whether he wished it to be or not. "Don't worry I'll still text you everyday and send you lots of snapchats everywhere I go. And I'll be sure to find the best blue food in each state we visit." Annabeth replied lightly with a whimsical smile on her face. Percy washed away the glum demeanor, opening his face to the troublemaker smile that Annabeth felt her heart swoon for, but knew she could never have. "You better." He said with equal enthusiasm that was now displayed on both their faces. Annabeth smiled broader in reply, tucking herself away into the folds of her best friends tan arms. She couldn't believe that this would be the second to last time she saw him in person for two months. Yet, she couldn't wait to leave. ~All Roads Lead to Us Line Break~ The day started off with golden rays of light splashing on Annabeth's face, waking her from her deep slumber. Her hair laid messily around her head, covering her sterling eyes from the view of the morning. Percy's arm was wrapped around her waist in comforting protection from the cool morning air, exactly as it had been when they had fallen asleep. A serene, lazy smile crept on Annabeth's face. Not even a minute later, Annabeth found herself making a muffled groan as a ping! came from her phone and ruined the tranquil atmosphere. Blindly, Annabeth moved her hand around until she felt the rectangular object within her grasp. She brought the lit up screen to her face. There was five unread messages from Piper. Annabeth scrolled through the messages still slightly dazed from her peaceful sleep. 7:25 a.m. Piper: Hereeeeeee! Get up girly! We've got adventuring to do! I made a hella rockin' playlist and Rachel brought that really cool speaker she bought from her trip to Japan- you remember that? And Hazel made MUFFINS! 7:30 a.m. Piper: Ok Sleeping Beauty, seriously get your butt out here. Rachel threatened to start painting my arms if she has to wait any longer 7:32 a.m. Piper: Annabethhhhh you stupid slut get your ass out here 7:33 a.m. Piper: OMFG I'm literally going to kill you. I told you to be ready by 7:15 7:40 a.m. Piper: Ok guess who ate your muffin. ME. I did. Annabeth's eyes widened with realization. She had forgotten to set her alarm in the midst of packing the previous day. She quickly replied to her other best friend, Piper, saying she'd be out in five minutes. Hastily, Annabeth leaped from the bed, knocking Percy awake and ran like a madwoman throughout her house trying to get ready at the speed of light. "Well someone's in a rush." Percy mumbled in a husky voice. Annabeth loved that morning voice, but now was not the time to fawn over it. "Can you comb my hair while I brush my teeth?" She asked slipping a dark grey tank over her figure. Percy shifted his body so it was opposite of Annabeth's, giving her the privacy to change. "Yea, no problem, Wise Girl." In just under four minutes Annabeth was ready. Percy walked her out to the sidewalk just as Piper started to honk the horn on the atrocious yellow van. The van had been Rachel's findings. It was a Volkswagen type 2 and far more glamorous than when she had found it nearly beyond repair in a junkyard one year ago. She had been searching for pieces of metal, cans, and bottle caps for an art project that had ended up winning a prestigious art award within a national competition when she stumbled upon the mechanical disaster. At the time nearly all of its frame had withered away into a rusted hunk of fly guts yellow, but Rachel saw its potential beauty. She brought it home via help from an unhappy and more than slightly disdained father and pitched its usage on the road trip she and her three other best friends had planned since the beginning of high school. Well, Annabeth had planned since the beginning. They were hesitant at first, but through extra shifts at work and tremendous amounts of love the van became a source of glory and pride for the girls in just a few months. It's color still remained a sight for sore eyes (sunglow yellow sounded nice when Piper first picked the color, but it failed to live up to its name), but Hazel and Rachel had attacked it with paint brushes filled with purples and blues and pinks and greens. By the time they needed it, the van was wrapped in blooming, fluorescent flowers. Forest green vines traced the outline of the frame, looping into the names of the girls- Piper, Rachel, Annabeth and Hazel. The interior had been a harder challenge. Everything had to be replaced. The original seats were ripped and disgruntled, harboring all types of vermin. A pungent odor wafted from the walls with the scent of moldy cheese and dirty dishes. Again, Rachel greeted the task with optimism, giving Annabeth and Piper the opportunity to design a van worth living in for two months. Now, the van had plush, white pillows on retro pink seats. A bubbly lamp was super glued to a fold out counter. The walls were adorned with varying types of wallpaper from zebra prints to 40s floral design to plain, old black. Annabeth sighed in content at the familiar sight of it. This would be the first time they all actually rode in it. Piper leaned forward from the driver's seat, Hazel sitting besides her. A manic grin crossed the brunette's face. Her round sunglasses, reflected the morning glow. "And the princess finally returns!" She shouted in glee, a happy laugh gurgling the words. From the back seat, Rachel popped her head in between Hazel and Piper to get a better look at Annabeth. Her ginormous red hair consumed all else in the vehicle. "Annie! You showed up!" Her freckles bounced with the formation of a smile. Hazel remained quiet, but shared the same ecstatic ambiance as the others. Annabeth turned to Percy, just as soon as it sprang, the smile on her face fell into the depths of saying goodbye. "I'll see you soon, okay?" She said softly, her voice quiet and still. Percy nodded his head. "Okay." He said, he rested his forehead against hers, soaking in the moment together. A layer of peace blanketed the pair, freezing time for them to say their goodbyes. A faint chirp from a bluebird sang a melody of bittersweet sound; high notes turning to low notes turning back to high. Everything about the few moments passed in a dream of perfection. Percy twiddled a lock of Annabeth's golden hair before pulling her into a bone-crushing hug. "Have fun." His voice was pure honey, each word a fresh cloud of ecstasy that Annabeth yearned for. "I will." She said, a drip of defiance hitting her tone, ready for the grand adventure she was about to endure. Picking up her bag, Annabeth skipped over to the van, dumping her belongings into the back seat and waved goodbye to her best, best friend. ~All Roads Lead to Us Line Break~ "So, when are you guys going to be official?" Piper gave Annabeth a mischievous smirk. She was of course referring to Percy and Annabeth. They had been driving on the same highway for around an hour with the conversation slowly dying away and slowly focusing more on the pair of best friends, much to the blonde's annoyance. Annabeth shifted in her seat, prying her sweaty legs off of the sticky leather seat with a sickening rrriiipppppp. She thought they could really use better A/C than the one the girls had in the van as trickles of sweat danced down her back, down her arms, and down her face. "You know it's not like that. He's my best friend," She said it in a small, almost disappointed voice and added on, "Not my boyfriend." Piper rolled her eyes. "Oh come on, everyone sees the way you look at him, and more importantly the way he looks at you. Love is practically radiating off of him. And besides you guys totally banged at Leo's grad party last week." Piper said dryly. "Wait. What? You did?!" Rachel piped up excitedly from her book, her giant glasses teetering on the end of her nose from the sudden jostling movement. "I did nothing!" Annabeth protested, but her cheeks betrayed her as a dark red blush painted the normally peach skin. "Ha! I knew you did! Look you're all red." Piper yelled in childish victory. "And besides for at least two days after neither of you could look each other in the eye, but now it's like the two of you can't get enough physical contact." Piper continued slyly. "That is not what 'best friends' do Annie. Best friends don't have sex with each other." Rachel told her, innocently enough, but with the same air of Piper's smirk. "Okay fine we did! But we were both drunk so it doesn't matter." Annabeth crossed her arms, beginning what would be an eon of the silent treatment. "How was it?" Piper quirked her eyebrow in question. "Okay, that is enough! This topic is now off limits!" Hazel proclaimed. Her face flushed with the look of being perfectly scandalized. She fanned herself with her hand, clearly overwhelmed by the open conversation. Piper and Rachel laughed