Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot of this short story, all rights belong to JKR and Warner Bros! I hope you'll like it and leave me a nice review! Also, I'd like to say a great thank-you to the lovely RunningQuill who took the time to help me through the correction of this OS (English isn't my first language). The Boggart Every single table and chair had been moved aside, leaving a large empty space in the middle of the room. There, stood an almost twenty-five feet long row of students, dressed in their school robes and ties in the colours of their respective houses: red and gold, green and silver. Lions and Snakes. After their double Potions class, the Gryffindors and the Slytherins, to their greatest regret, were sharing a Defence Against the Dark Arts class, overseen by the new teacher, Professor Lupin, who was facing them all before a tall, wooden wardrobe, which was imperceptibly moving as though it contained a hothead living being or another fidgety creature. Lupin was wearing his usual shabby set of wizard robes, darned in several places, holed in others. He seemed to have been wearing it for years. And, if he had these more-than-poor clothes, his face, for its part, had an eager expression, and his lips were curled into a pleasant and friendly smile. His hands were hidden behind his back, both firmly holding his wand. Draco hated this man. First, because he liked Potter and his friends very much ; they were obviously his little protégés and that moron of Longbottom too. In fact, he liked every student sorted into Gryffindor. Draco felt his fists clench at this thought ; being a Slytherin automatically made every teacher hate you, except Snape, who was one of the very few not to denigrate this house. Not that Draco was envious of the preferential treatment reserved to the three other houses of Hogwarts – he was really proud to be in Slytherin and had never concealed it - but his house had never been recognized to its worth. It was always all about Gryffindor, Ravenclaw and even Hufflepuff! Being sorted into the Snake's house more or less amounted to fall low on the ladder of living creatures. They were seen as nasty and deceitful people, always seeking for a mischief to accomplish, devoid of any common sense and morality ; He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was once in Slytherin and gathered all these prejudices. Draco had never met a single student who was not proud to be in Slytherin, though. "So, the first question we must ask ourselves is, what is a Boggart?" said Lupin, still smiling at the crowd of students. Lost in his thoughts, Draco had almost forgotten that he was in class. He blinked to clear his mind and recover his full senses. A few rows before him, he saw, fast as lightening, Granger put her hand up, and he sighed. If there was, according to Draco, someone more detestable than Professor-Shabby-Lupin, it was certainly Hermione Granger, the Gryffindor bookworm, the filthy Mudblood ; she was convinced to be the cleverest witch of her age when she was as stupid as Weasel-bee. She just knew every single book of the library by heart ; it was no proof of intelligence. And she was always strutting, walking along the corridors carrying tones of dusty books, reprimanding everyone with this air of authority that never left her ugly face. "It's a shape-shifter," reeled off her annoying voice. "It can take the shape of whatever it thinks will frighten us the most." "Couldn't have put it better myself!" exclaimed Lupin, briefly clapping his hands together even though they were holding his wand. Draco turned around to glance at Goyle, standing still behind him, a grin stretching the corners of his lips, and gave him an exasperated look. His classmate sneered and mouthed: "Ten points to the Know-it-all." Drago smirked and reported his attention back to the front of the class. The show taking place was gold ; Neville Longbottom was now standing next to Lupin in front of the wardrobe, aiming his wand at it, his hand shaking as though he was facing the Dark Lord himself. Most of the students couldn't hold back a giggle. He was so pathetic... Weren't Gryffindors supposed to be brave? "At the count of three, Neville," said the grown man. The room went so silent that Draco heard Longbottom swallow hard and let out a little scream. His whole body was trembling now. Then, a silvery trickle gushed from Lupin's wand and flew to the doorknob of the wardrobe door, wound around it and turned it with a quiet 'crack'. Draco found himself holding his breath like everyone around him as the door slowly opened. A moment later, Professor Snape stepped out of the piece of furniture, stiff and harsh as always. For a second, Draco felt some kind of fear settle in his mind but he quickly pulled himself together, remembering that the intimidating man who just came out of technically nowhere was not the real Snape but a Boggart which had taken his shape the second it had seen Longbottom. So Snape was Longbottom greatest fear? Draco had always known that the Gryffindor was a chicken, but not to this extent. Who would be afraid of a professor if not a scaredy-cat? Draco bit his tongue, almost to blood, trying hard not to shout something mean ; he would have plenty of time to harass Longbottom after the class anyway. The Slytherin saw Lupin encourage his student with a nod. And gathering all his courage and strength, Longbottom raised his wand at the boggart, so close that it was almost touching it. The fake Snape was glaring at him, his narrow, dark eyes gleaming with hatred. The Gryffindor was about to take a step back but Parvati, who was just behind him, pushed him forwards. "R-r-riddikulus!" mumbled Longbottom, almost whispering. Immediately, there was a loud noise and Snape was dressed like an old-fashioned lady, a big, red handbag hanging from the crook of his elbow. He seemed terrified, his gaze darting in every direction, like a wild animal getting out of its cage for the very first time after its capture. The whole classroom burst out laughing as soon as they saw their Potions professor in that ridiculous getup. Even Lupin was not hiding his entertainment: it was no secret that he and Snape had been hating each other for years. What a pleasure it must be for Lupin to see his foe in such an awkward situation even if it was only a Boggart. He was laughing as well, his voice drowning out the students'. Of course, witnessing his favourite professor dressed in this kind of clothes amused Draco but he was not laughing. He couldn't help wondering what his Boggart would be. He, Draco Malfoy, was supposed to be fearless ; he couldn't tarnish his reputation. "Parvati," called Lupin, still giggling. "Forward!" The second twin of the Patil siblings did so and faced the Boggard, which, within a fraction of second, turned into a blood-stained, bandage-covered, faceless mummy. The room suddenly went quiet again, waiting for Parvati to cast the right spell to ridicule the creature. Again, there was a loud "crack" and laughter filled the room as the monstrous mummy tripped over its bandages and fell headfirst on the floor, letting out a groan of pain. At this very moment, Draco stopped paying attention to what was going on in front of him, even if, student after student, his turn was getting closer. Staring off at an imaginary spot, he felt like in a daze, his classmates' laughter becoming a background noise, merely a quiet buzzing in his ears. He had not found yet what the Boggard would turn into for him, and it really worried him, so much that he didn't even react when Granger's Boggart turned into McGonagall telling her she, Hermione-I-Know-Everything-Granger, had not passed some stupid test. He didn't see her blush with awkwardness and missed the opportunity to have one more reason to bully her. He had to find out what his Boggart would be ; he couldn't make a fool of himself in front of a class crowded with Gryffindors and especially in front of Potter and his crew. If the shape-shifter turned itself into some sort of harmless creature, they would never forget to remind him of it every day of the rest of his life. He couldn't let that happen or he would lose all his credibility and he would be nothing more than a deposed Prince. However, he couldn't remember the last time he had really been scared or what was his greatest fear. Of course, like every teenager of his age, he was often scared; like in first year, when Professor Quirrell had rushed into the Great Hall, screaming and panting as though his life depended on it. Knowing that a Troll was wandering through the hallways of the Castle was the kind of thing that made you lose control of your whole body and try to escape the room without even thinking about the consequences it might lead to. Yet, it was not his worst fear ; he could still walk the corridors without looking over his shoulder every two seconds to make sure that there was no creature coming from the Forbidden Forest following him or waiting for him in a corner of a dark, empty classroom. No, his greatest fear was something more powerful, something he didn't even think of as a fear, as a threat. To discover what it was, he would have to go deep into the abysses of his mind, to think about everything that had once frightened him and had settled in his subconscious. His greatest fear was something living inside of him, slowly eating him up, day after day, something that nobody could guess and that, someday, would become unbearable. Then, coming out of nowhere, his father's harsh face came to his mind. He was looking at him, pointing his finger towards him, threatening him. His narrow eyes were gauging him and he suddenly felt defenseless like a very young child. And Draco immediately realised what his greatest fear was, what would make him shake from head to toe the second he would be grappling with it. Ever since his early childhood, once or twice a year, his father would sit in his leather armchair, staring at him, an unreadable expression upon his face. And he would point his finger at him and say: "In a few years, you'll marry a pureblood and no one else. Not a half-blood and certainly not a Muggleborn ; we can't desecrate our family's purity with filthy blood. Not even the tiniest drop. Am I clear, Draco?" And he would nod obediently, wanting his father to be proud of him. He was his only child, his only son, the last Malfoy heir ; his family's name and pride weighed on his shoulders, and he couldn't take the risk to dishonour his bloodline. His own heirs would have to be purebloods just as his wife. But every single time his father would remind him of it, Draco would go to his room soon after, close the door behind him and lay on his bed, lost in his thoughts, staring at the spotless ceiling. What if he fell in love with someone whose blood was not as pure as his? What if he couldn't let her go and built a life with her, a family? His father would be furious and, even worse, disappointed. And Draco's only purpose in life was to make his father proud of him ; it had always been. Every time he would come home for holidays, he would tell his parents what had happened during the year, at the risk of embellishing the truth to appear a little bit braver, more heroic, and ambitious than he really was. The