Chapter 1 "Oriana!" Oriana Wolfspell clapped both hands over her ears as her stepmother's shriek echoed through their house, "Get down here now!" "I'm coming! I heard you the first time." She left her room and went onto the landing, "What, Angelina?" Angelina Deshir was flanked by her two children, Issac and Jessica. They were twins and Oriana was convinced they were the children of Satan. "Don't use that tone of voice with me, young lady! If not for me, you would be out on the streets!" She had to bite her tongue so she didn't say "If not for you, my father would still be alive!" out loud. She should have known Angelina would likely hear it anyway. "Why you ungrateful little slut!" Angelina hissed. Oriana braced herself, knowing she had just sealed her own doom. Angelina cursed Oriana out of Earth-bound existence by way of a spell very rarely used by anyone in the Magic Communities. The spell she used on Oriana had sub-spells, making it dangerous to attempt breaking the spell at the risk of the Spellbound. In Oriana's case, transfiguration from her human form was part of the spell. Now, there wasn't much Oriana could do as she was ripped out of existence to be dumped Gods knew where, but what she could do, she did quickly. Angelina hadn't quite cast correctly, so Oriana chose her new form and where she wanted to end up just before the spell took full effect and she lost consciousness. She didn't know how long it was before the spell dumped her back into consciousness, but as soon as she hit the ground, Oriana knew that she definitely wasn't in Coral Banner Court anymore. And she wasn't human either. Oriana had four powerful legs, sharp fangs, and a thick pelt of black fur. She had transformed herself into a black she-wolf. Sitting up, Oriana looked around, "Hmm. This is interesting. Don't think Angelina could find me here." With a chuckle, she got up, shook herself, and set off at a lazy trot, putting her nose to the ground every so often. She hadn't gone far when she felt a jolt of magic. Oriana ground to a halt and sniffed the air. Suddenly, something stirred, scattering leaves. Whatever it was, Oriana was right in its way. She did not move. A moment later, something solid collided with her and she tumbled backwards. There was a muffled yelp of alarm and a moment later, she was nose-to-nose with a rumpled and frightened Halfling. If he was scared, she was more than surprised. Frodo didn't know what he'd run into until, crawling to his knees, he found himself staring into a pair of emerald hued eyes surrounded by black fur. A wolf! The wolf remained absolutely still, watching him. Behind him, Frodo could hear Boromir crashing around, shouting his name, trying to find him. If Boromir found him, he'd try to take the Ring again! He clutched the small piece of gold tightly in his hand, looking over his shoulder. The wolf whined, as though trying to speak. Frodo looked back and gulped, "Where…where did you come from?" Somewhere far away from here, Frodo. I will not hurt you. He gave a jump at the sound of a voice in his head, before he realized that it was her voice. "You can talk?" If I need to, I can. Yes. "You're not…one of his wolves, are you?" he wondered why he was talking to a wolf, who could easily finish him off if she desired. But the wolf shook her head. No, Frodo. I do not serve Mordor nor Isengard. I will not use my power to further their dark causes. Suddenly, she rose to her feet, hackles bristling, teeth bared. She growled low, dangerously, and lowered her head. Frodo heard harsh breathing and curses behind him and flipped over as Boromir came charging into view. The wolf stood over him as a mother protecting her child, eyes pinning Boromir on the spot. The warrior of Gondor stumbled to a halt as he saw her and drew his sword. Frodo saw something in Boromir's green-gray eyes. "Boromir, stop. Please." "Frodo?" "Yes, Boromir. What happened down by the statues?" "Madness, Frodo. A passing thing. I wanted to beg your forgiveness, even if you will not give it to me." The young Steward fell to his knees, the sword falling from his hand. Frodo saw that Boromir was crying now. "Do you mean that, Boromir? You nearly took the Ring from me, you would have killed me, had you been able." "Please, Frodo, please. Forgive me and let me swear again. To protect you, to protect the others, and see the Ring destroyed." Boromir was pleading in earnest now, but Frodo still didn't trust the Man to keep his word. The wild gleam in Boromir's eyes still haunted him. He looked up at the wolf, "Is he telling me the truth?" I sense no evil in him anymore. He is only frightened of the evil that would have claimed him and that he has lost forever what little trust you had in him. She relaxed, And I sense a deeper sadness for so many wrongs. Frodo nodded. "I will forgive you, Boromir." "Thank you, Frodo!" Boromir sobbed. "I will forgive you, and keep your oath of loyalty. But I cannot trust you yet, and I cannot go to Mordor in any way but alone." "You can't go alone, Frodo! It's madness!" Boromir cried, "Take one of us, any one of us! If it seduced me, it will do the same to you, the closer to come to the Gates." He is right, Frodo. You will not last long on your own. The Ring has already taxed your strength and your will severely. The wolf soothed, whining softly now. Suddenly, they heard shouting not far away. The Orcs were nearer now. "Frodo! Run!" Boromir grabbed his sword and lunged to his feet, eyes hunting for Orc. The first Orcs came into sight and Frodo did just what Boromir had told him and ran. Behind him, he heard Boromir and the wolf hold them off. How long could they fight them? How long before they caught him? Suddenly, Oriana felt something behind her. She wheeled around and saw the archer behind her. He wasn't an Uruk archer, he was far too fair of face. His hair was as sunlight on water, his eyes a piercing blue. Oriana realized, as an arrow whistled past her, that he couldn't see her. Instinct drove her towards him as he fought alongside Boromir. Another Man joined them, and a Dwarf. Merry and Pippin were gone, Oriana noticed. Captured. Frodo! Where was he? Frantic, Oriana took off in the direction she had last seen him go. Suddenly, Uruk-hai stormed towards her, carrying a burden. Oriana couldn't attack these, for fear of killing the Ringbearer. Frodo was slung over one's shoulder, half-conscious. The Ring hung freely, swinging like a pendulum. Frodo! Frodo, no! Oriana cried in her mind. She chased the Uruk-hai back to the clearing, and heard a shout. Then something crashed in the forest. Stones. Oriana put on more speed and when she came back, Oriana saw Boromir standing alone, fighting off the few Uruk-hail left. The hillside had collapsed but he hadn't fallen. The others were nowhere in sight. Had they been captured? She skidded to a halt, panting. Furious, she threw her head back and howled. Boromir fell to his knees, exhausted and wounded, his foes dead at his feet. Oriana wanted to cry, but as a wolf, she could only howl. So, she did. When the sound of battle above them had died down, Aragorn was desperate to call out for Boromir. He raised his head a little, "Boromir?" There was no answer, not from the man of Gondor. Aragorn's heart nearly stopped and he crawled to his knees, "Boromir!" Suddenly, a long howl filled the clearing and Aragorn cursed, "Wolves!" "Aragorn! Don't draw them!" Gimli cried from further down the slide. The echoes hadn't died before the cry was repeated. That's when Aragorn realized something. There was only one wolf in the clearing, and it wasn't hunting prey. The repeated cry was one of fury and despair. A moment later, the howling died. "Boromir!" "Aragorn! You're alive!" Boromir cried, appearing above him. "Help us out!"Aragorn automatically reached for him. Boromir stretched down and grabbed him by the arms, pulling him out of the crevice. Together, they pulled Legolas and Gimli out. Legolas pushed Gimli up first, and began his own climb. Suddenly, a furry black form slid between Aragorn and Boromir and grabbed hold of Legolas, who looked to be the worst of them on account of the fall, by the straps of his quiver. Aragorn was startled to realize that the wolf he'd heard earlier was pulling his friend to safety. Boromir released his hold, and Aragorn did the same. Groaning, Legolas pulled himself up, aided by the wolf, who dragged him away from the edge when he was out. Aragorn looked at Boromir, "Where is Frodo?" "I don't know. I fear those creatures captured him as they did Merry and Pippin." Boromir shook his head. The wolf whined, nuzzling Legolas's still form. "The wolf?" "Found her with Frodo. Don't know where she came from, but she's not a creature of Mordor or Saruman." Boromir said roughly. The wolf's fur was matted with blood, Orc blood. There was a crashing in the trees and they spun around just as a terrified Sam tumbled into the clearing. Aragorn was so relieved, "Sam!" "Frodo! Where's Frodo?!" he gasped, trembling. Aragorn looked at the gardener, "I'm so sorry, Sam." "No! We've gotta find him!" Sam cried, trying to break out of his arms. "Sam, no." Aragorn held fast, "No." Legolas stirred and pushed himself to his knees, aided by the black wolf as she pushed her head under his arm. The Elven prince looked at the wolf and smiled, stroking her head, "Hannad, meldis." She wagged her tail slowly and tugged on his sleeve. He laughed and got to his feet slowly, "Alright, Elendûr." He looked at them, "She says we have no time to waste. Three of our friends are in danger." "Did you hit your head on a rock when you fell, Legolas?" Gimli looked at his friend warily, "Wolves don't talk." "Of course they do! All animals can speak if they so desire, sir Dwarf." Legolas smiled so broadly Aragorn wondered the same as Gimli. But he'd known Legolas long enough not to really let it bother him. They returned to the river to regroup and gather whatever gear they might need. As he was sorting his own gear, he was alarmed to hear a loud splash. Legolas looked up and laughed, "Look." Turning to look over his shoulder, Aragorn could see that the wolf had taken a running leap into the water and was paddling around. He chuckled and shook his head, "I suppose a layer of Orc blood didn't suit our friend." "Elendûr, tula!" Legolas whistled. Obediently, the wolf trotted to his side after shaking herself off. Shaking his head, Aragorn led them on the hunt for Merry, Pippin, and Frodo. Aragorn sat before the fire, listening to the others sleep. Sam and Boromir lay dead to the world, who lay near each other for warmth. Legolas sat by him, reclining against the wolf, who lay with her head on Aragorn's lap. He smiled and ruffled her fur affectionately. She had hunted for them tonight, bringing in two fat rabbits. For her troubles, they had eaten well. Suddenly, the hair on the back of his neck stood on end and he looked up sharply. Something was out there. He reached for his knife, skin atingle, "Legolas. Wake up." As he spoke, he saw several pinpoints of glittering light beyond the light of the flames. Eyes. A faint howl reached him, and the wolf raised