A/N: My thanks to Memory King for one idea in this – even if he suggested it years ago. The other things are things I added (I kind of got on a soapbox when I wrote the "What Harry Should Have Been Told" letter.) This is now a prologue to a new story. Prologue: Visit by the Lone Traveler "The Lone Traveler: Young man who tried to change the past and save those he loved… plan failed and became the Lone Traveler, wandering through time and reality, making a difference wherever he went… very powerful… defeated a powerful Dark Lord… swept along the path he walked by a spectacular aura of blue light." 'Legends & Myths of the Wizarding World' by Gertrude Yolanda FF St ID 2673584 – Chap 9 – The Professional It was very early in the morning, around 2:45 AM. The teller looked over the empty floor of the London branch of Gringotts Bank. Very few customers visited during this time of the day, but Gringotts never closed. As a result, the newest tellers, the most patient cart drivers, the most anti-social managers, and the meanest, most violent guards were stationed at the Branch at these times. The tellers were there to get experience. The cart drivers had to deal with the customers who took the most time. The managers weren't usually consulted. And thieves were deterred by the guards. The teller looked back down to the ledger he was perusing, once again reviewing the accounting methods used at various times in Gringotts history. Suddenly, a bright light appeared in the middle of the floor. The goblins were all taken aback until the teller reached down and pressed one of his long nails into a very particular indentation at his desk. He knew that alarms would be ringing in the quarters of the alert-squad that was always on call. He then looked at the phenomenon again, ensuring his memory would be complete. The guards on duty all rushed to stand at the ready and the alert-squad began rushing onto the floor. By the time that the lights coalesced into a human figure, Gringotts London was ready to respond. The figure looked around and said, "Okay. That's weird." The man then looked at the manager who was standing close by, observing, and said, "Greetings. I am called Maarek Ilumian. What's the date on the human calendar?" Harry sat in the office of the Senior Manager sipping tea that he was provided by his current hosts. The goblins had recognized him immediately from descriptions in their own histories and had been most accommodating, for goblins. That he had a record of being fairly positive towards Gringotts and the goblin race and scrupulously honest meant that he was not escorted to a security facility (read dank, uncomfortable cell) for an interview, but rather was treated fairly neutrally. When the manager had answered his initial enquiry, he had thought about it and replied, "I need to see a senior official to prevent a successful incursion by a thief." That had angered the goblins in general, but had definitely opened doors. He was led to a waiting area until the Senior Manager was retrieved from his chambers and then was led into the office and offered refreshment. Once he had voiced his thanks for the tea he began, "Are you familiar with my story?" The manager nodded. "Good. Later today a vault will be emptied by a customer of the one item it contains. Sometime after, this very same day, a thief will break into the vault in the attempt to achieve what will be removed. I would prevent that from happening if possible." The manager asked, "Which vault will be broken in to?" Harry replied, "High-security vault 713." The manager nodded to the assistant he had on hand and the assistant scurried out to get the vault record. "What is the name of the thief?" Harry looked at the manager and asked, "Are you familiar with the concept of a wraith?" The manager looked at Harry curiously. "I have heard tell of such." Harry nodded. "It will be Quirinous Quirrell, possessed by a wraith of Tom Marvolo Riddle. That entity is also known as 'Lord Voldemort'." "What does it seek to achieve?" "Immortality." The goblin sat back in his chair. "And why would this thief believe that this is possible?" "Because he, they, or it, however you might refer to this thief, believes that the vault contains the Philosopher's Stone made and owned by Nicholas Flamel." The goblin looked incredulous. "Some wizard believes that we, miners and artists of true, pure gold would allow such a device to be kept within our vaults?" Harry thought about that and chuckled. "Well, I believe that many do. What policies do you have about artifacts and storage?" The goblin searched through the papers on his desk and retrieved a sheaf of parchment and then handed this over. Harry groaned. "I don't have time to read this immediately. How about I ask a few questions and you answer them? I will then take my time when I am not otherwise occupied to actually read this." The goblin considered and then nodded. "Ask." "What is your policy on the storage of cursed and stolen items?" Harry Traveler sat in an early morning café sipping tea and thinking after reading the Gringotts rules on Vault usage. He felt no pull to go and meet with his younger self. He felt no pull to go and "fix the Ministry." He had already done what he felt he could or should at this time. He started questioning if he was approaching these visits properly. There were many things that he could help with in each universe. There were also things that he had to deal with which helped him mature in his own life. Would trying to help his alternates avoid all problems really be the best way to approach things? The only thing which he really considered vital in all universes was getting rid of the pieces of Tom Riddle. Getting rid of the piece which was found in most Harry Potters usually opened the door to so many improvements. Saving Sirius and Cedric when possible was also a crusade of his. Those two deaths were pure torment and there was so little benefit. The position of "Lord Black" or whatever it was in that particular universe wasn't enough of a plus to counterbalance the bad. Helping certain friends and others was something he also repeatedly did. Kreacher and Dobby were two that he often worked to save. Keeping the goblins on the side of his dimensional counterparts was another thing he tried to do. But would he really have wanted to have someone fix all of his problems? Would that have made a better life? What would he wish to avoid at all costs and what would be unpleasant but ultimately useful to experience? Who really should always be saved? Who should always be confronted? How should he decide on what he should really do? He continued to drink his tea and think about it. Finally, he made a decision. He looked at the clock and noted that certain things should be happening just about now. After several hours, the goblins had prepared for the day's events. The appearance of Harry Potter and Rubeus Hagrid had signaled the beginning of the day's adventures. The goblins had agreed that this universe's Harry would be given certain concessions and services in exchange for the visiting Harry having helped secure the reputation of the bank. The goblins did not, themselves, have the magic to deal with human souls but they did employ curse breakers for a reason. Harry would be contacted and retrieved from his home before he went to Hogwarts to deal with issues that were raised by the Traveler. Several priceless artifacts would be retrieved and cleansed and then returned to their rightful owners – mostly Hogwarts. A discreet report would be made to the Director of the DMLE regards the location of two criminals and suggestions as to their capture. Certain deadly creatures would be dealt with and the profits would be distributed as suggested. Hagrid would be quite upset when he found his former pet and all its children removed from the ForbiddenForest, even if they were relocated to a acromatula farm that Gringotts would manage until Harry came of age and chose otherwise. Moaning Myrtle would be happier about the creature that killed her being removed permanently. Quirrell would be shocked and greatly disappointed to enter the high security vault that he had imperiused a goblin to open. He would not be prepared to walk into a ritual circle and have the parasitic wraith that had he had just accepted to be forcibly removed and stuck into a magically inert piece of amber. Harry apparated to a particular location. Hagrid had just sent the boat back to the island using the charm that was used to control the boats at Hogwarts. Seeing this, Harry apparated to the island which Hagrid had retrieved him from. He found the Dursleys just coming out of the locked room at the cabin. Vernon Dursley was not happy. "What the hell happened and where is the boy?" Harry looked at the image of one of his own tormentors and said, "He has gone school shopping. The giant man from last night sent the boat back, but it will take a few minutes. I have come to resolve a few things." He took his wand out and all of the Dursleys tensed. Harry quickly shot a spell at Dudley. He stopped trying to hide suddenly when he no longer felt the tail that he was covering with his hands. "It's gone!" Harry nodded. Harry then magically repaired the door to the cabin and made sure that there was nothing that the Dursleys would have to explain. He then sat down and motioned the three to sit on the couch. They did so nervously. "My name is Harry Potter. I am from another dimension. Knowing what you three had to endure after meeting Hagrid in my own world, I felt it would be advisable that you not be subjected to having to deal with attempting to explain so many odd things nor pay for handling things that were created by your nephew's people. You didn't ask for him, and he surely didn't ask to be raised by you." Vernon, especially, looked to agree with that statement. "Regardless, the protection from 'freaks' and 'wierdos' that you currently enjoy will come to an end the moment that Harry Potter no longer considers your house his home or when he turns 17 – whichever comes first. If you treat him politely, you make certain he is healthy and well fed, and most of all, do not add to his stress level at home, he will only be required to remain in your home three to four weeks out of each year. You can insist he keep everything in his room. You can tell people that his parents' family paid for his schooling at some obscure boarding school. And then you could suggest he stays with friends after those protections are covered each year." Harry then employed a trick he had learned and suddenly he seemed much more threatening and dangerous to the three muggles facing him. A wizard would recognize it as a trick, but the Dursleys weren't wizards. "You nearly had a very bad several summers. If you attempt to harm him or even keep him subdued and afraid, you might still have a very bad time. One thing you did not know is that your nephew is considered almost a messiah figure among his own people. He is called 'the boy-who-lived' and children are told his story from the time they are young. Adults consider him their saviour. Imagine if he died, or disappeared, or even appeared to be unhappy with his home