Hey Guys! I own a pg on fb named Percabeth Forever in my heart. In case you own an account on fb (I am sure most of you do!)Don't forget to go like it! Anyways, Look at the characters:- Bianca Charlotte Jackson- 15 years old Luke Peter Jackson-13 years old Charles Edmund Jackson-10 years old Zoe Sylvia Jackson-4 years old These are the kids of Percabeth, from eldest to youngest. Let's start! It was a Sunday morning. The Jacksons, who lived in Manhattan, were getting ready to make the day a memorable one for their eldest child, Bianca, as it was her 15th birthday. Though the sky was gray, with a black tinge, indicating that there could be a heavy downpour, nothing could stop them from going on a quest- a mock quest for the birthday girl, so that she could get to know how to save herself from the nasty monsters inhabiting the Earth. "Wise Girl!" Percy bellowed, waiting in front of their blue car, along with Luke and Zoe, stomping his foot, annoyed. They were to go to any place, to fight monsters and his wise girl was wasting time. This is very unwise and very much unlike her. Annabeth was (still is, though!) the daughter of Athena, the Greek goddess of wisdom and war craft. So, Annabeth was supposed to be very wise. Then, with a slight pang of guilt, he realised that probably she was indulged in some important work, and that's why she was delaying. He felt bad for calling her, which would make her rush up and mess up things. Waste of time, again. Curse ADHD! "Coming! Charlie thinks Zozo should come along with us as well!" Annabeth shouted back, who almost spent fifteen minutes in convincing Charlie that Zozo can't accompany them. Zozo was their pet dog, gifted to Charles Edmund Jackson on his sixth birthday. Bianca took Zozo into her arms, as Charlie cried- "No!" "Bianca! Go hand Zozo to the Milsons!" Annabeth ordered, offering Charlie a blue cookie. Charlie's eyes suddenly widened, he quickly grabbed it from his mother's hands and began eating it, elated. Annabeth rolled her eyes, partly relieved because he forgot Zozo and partly irritated because she had to go and refill her bag with blue cookies. Whatever happened, blue food was the solution for the whole family- maybe except for Mrs. Jackson. "What's wrong, mom?" Luke, his green eyes filled with concern, asked her, walking into the room. Luke hated it if he saw a line of sadness on his mother's face. She is a daughter of the mighty Athena, he would think. Nothing is tough for her. Then, his chest would puff up with pride. Annabeth even told him that his fatal flaw is hubris, just like hers. Basically, Luke and Bianca were more like Annabeth while Charlie and Zoe resembled Percy, by traits. Talking about their appearances, Luke had blonde hair and green eyes, just like Charlie while the girls had dark hair like Percy's and gray eyes, like their mother's. It's weird how genes work! "Nothing. You better go sit in the car along with dad and Zoe. We'll join you." She told him, dragging Charlie. Bianca followed them; secretly hoping that nothing should ruin her 15th birthday. So, the Jacksons; the brave and wise Jacksons headed out to – they themselves didn't know where, to teach the younger ones, what monsters in reality were and how to kill them. "Purposely seeking out the monsters to kill them... God, that's the perfect definition of fun!" Luke muttered, helping himself with a blue cookie. "The best part, we don't even know where we are going! Very much like a descendant of Athena!" Luke muttered to himself. Bianca nodded her head, sitting beside him. Luke glanced at his elder sister, his eyes full of malice. His eyebrows formed an arch, and his thin lips were straight, which Bianca interpreted as his 'ready-to-mess-up-things' look. Bianca deeply inhaled, and exhaled. She was flummoxed with her brother's behaviour, constantly trying to play a prank on her. Does he get any medal for annoying me? She thought, mournfully. "Luke!" "Yes?" His voice quavered a little bit, which was insignificant for anyone except for her. "You're planning something wicked, aren't you?" Bianca asked, the fear she was experiencing quite palpable. "No!" Luke answered calmly, his eyes fixated on his fingers. Suddenly, Bianca realised, he was interested in his body parts. She shifted uncomfortably on the seat, her face frigid. Since she was seated in between Charlie and Luke, she turned towards her left and looked at Charlie, searching for any information she didn't have, on his face. Charlie's face was stoic, and Bianca was assured that Luke planned a solo mission- to ruin her birthday. Percy was sitting in the front, in the driving seat, beside Annabeth, with Zoe on her lap. Annabeth didn't like driving, so it was Mr. Jackson who always drove to places. (Annabeth had more fun in glaring at their children, to see to it that they didn't destroy the car by shooting each other with water). Percy started the car, and, with the music from the radio preventing any sort of communication among the family, they started. They removed packets of chips, cookies and their bottles of coke from their respective bags and began feeding themselves with the food. Bianca, quite nervously, munched on the chips, sitting straight, as if getting ready to protect herself from Luke, the prankster of the family. He smiled a bit, feeling bad for Bianca. He had made this plans aeons ago, when their dad announced that they would go for a random 'slay-monsters' trip on Bianca's birthday. Nothing, not even Bianca's pale face would make him relent. He smiled again, sipping from the coke bottle. He lifted his right hand into the air and quickly slipped it into Charlie's packet, and without him noticing, grabbed a cookie. Charlie, who saw Luke's hand in the air, caught him red-handedly and frowned. "Luke just took a cookie from my pack!" Charlie cried, as Percy turned the car to the left. Bianca took a cookie from her pack and dropped it in Charlie's, earning a vengeful look from Luke. 'Thank god', Bianca exclaimed to herself, 'mom didn't get to know what actually happened'. Then, she turned towards Luke, glaring daggers at him. "No Luke, No way! I ain't letting you ruin my birthday present. The last time we fought, well, my room was drenched with water. I do not want the car to get messy on my birthday!" Bianca told Luke, with a stern look. Bianca's face seemed to gain its usual pallor, but, she still was scared of Luke and the mischief he would end up managing. He definitely was crossing the limits... "You call this a birthday present? Are you kidding me? This is an absolutely personal-suicide mission." "What do you mean by personal-suicide mission? Suicide itself is killing oneself personally" Bianca snapped, as Luke made awful faces at her. Bianca noticed him smiling to himself randomly, and she got even more scared. Luke was pretty famous for playing pranks on people, and she was sure that he would fool her, by playing a prank on her. Her fears were confirmed. She has to stay awake and scrutinize each and every move of his. "Alright! Alright! No more fighting!" Annabeth waved her hand, as she saw Bianca mouthing something to Luke and turned off the radio. The looks on their faces conveyed to her that they had been fighting. She was vexed with their kiddish behaviour. Then, she was reminded of her half brothers, Bobby and Matthew, and the way they used to fight. She resolved that nothing could prevent them from fighting against each other. She began feeding the little Zoe with a blue cookie. Zoe Sylvia Jackson, promptly bit it, beckoning her mother to let her take a sip from her coke bottle. "These children are useless!" Annabeth murmured, glaring at her husband. Percy shrugged, or, tried to shrug, with an evil smirk on his face. "Can't help it, can I?" He said, pressing his foot on the accelerator. "They got your wits and the girls your eyes; the boys, your hair." He smiled, turning the car to the left, again. Annabeth couldn't help but smile back to this darling of hers who declined immortality and fell into hell for her. She indeed was very lucky to have him. She never admitted this in front of him, but, that was the plain truth. She tried to feel the gray streak on her hair they shared, but, put her hand down when she realised that they no more had it. "It's gone. Didn't you realise that, ages ago?" He teased her, glancing at her with mockery dancing in his eyes. He quickly turned away his gaze, focusing it on the road ahead of them. He sensed something wrong, as if they were moving away from the civilisation into the fresh, unaltered nature that existed before humans were born. As a reply, Annabeth smiled, sadly. She missed the gray streak on her hair. She felt as if a memory of hers went missing. But, with Percy aside her, every moment they spent together would be a golden memory she would treasure. Annabeth turned back, to check if the three musketeers were up to something, again. Just then, Luke was about to throw his pack of chips on Bianca's head. Charlie looked at his mother and was about to warn Luke, when Annabeth shouted at them. "Luke! No!" Annabeth shouted. Luke retreated, glaring at his sister, unable to glare at his mother. 'Damn it' he thought, bitterly. Bianca exhaled, relieved. She was expecting a bigger prank, like, Luke pouring coke on her shirt, maybe? Then, things would go badly wrong. Hoping that that was the end to his misbehaviour, she loosened her body, relaxed. Mr. Stoll told Luke that to play a prank on his sister, all he needed was a perfect timing where there was no scope for suspicion. He failed at fooling her, again, he thought, sadly. However, Annabeth had other plans which were more important than scolding Luke. "Perseus Jackson! Where are we going to?" Annabeth asked him, stroking Zoe's hair. "Well... we're going to fight monsters, no?" Charlie interrupted. Annabeth glared at their son, and he bit his lip. The kids tried their level best not to irritate their mother- a glare from her was equal to a dagger sticking in their hearts. Bianca nudged him with her shoulder, and he went back to eating his snacks, staring at his mother from the corner of his eyes, to make sure she still wasn't glaring at him. "Well... This educational "fighting monsters in front of the kids so that they can do the same as well" is your idea. I suggested that we could throw a party, at the behest of both the camps" Percy complained, halting the car beside a tree on the road. The road was stunningly empty, with no cars or any such vehicles travelling on it. It was aligned with trees on both the sides; it was almost like a garden. Percy was surprised because he didn't remember this road at all and they've been living in this area since 17 years. He usually knew places in and around Manhattan. This place was hardly a few kilometres away from the city and he wondered whether he took a wrong turn. He remembered a mall standing in the place of the trees, to his left. He decided not to mention this to Annabeth, because, according to him, she would use her brain too much and declare that they were trapped. That was the last thing he needed, especially when it was his daughter Bianca's birthday. "Where are we?" Annabeth asked, getting out of the car. Zoe stepped down as well. Percy walked towards the engine of the car, to check if something was wrong. "Something's wrong!