The door to number 4 Privet Drive lay open. The morning breeze wafted through the empty hallway, past the small cupboard under the stairs and into the open kitchen, where it swirled indecisively before gently filtering out of the smashed back door. It paid no heed to the crumpled bodies on the floor. Unlike the bluebottle. It smelled the alluring scent of death from its favoured spot on the compost heap and it headed straight into the house. Fresh meat was always preferable to decaying grass cuttings. It flew purposefully to the bloated form of Vernon Dursley, intent on finding a nice, moist piece of skin to settle on, but when it got near it faltered. Something wasn't right. It's tiny insect brain wasn't able to process the taint in the air of dark magic, the warped aura woven around fallen body; it just knew something didn't smell right, and that meant it would have to eat somewhere else. It rose again, it's little wings flapping furiously. No matter, there were more bodies to choose from. But both Petunia, and the body of her son she had so valiantly tried to shield, were just as unappetising. The bluebottle hovered in the air as it considered what to do, and then it lifted. It smelled fresh blood. It flew into the hallway and straight up, over the top banister and towards the door dangling off it's hinges a few feet away. The splintered wood around the various locks and bolts were of no interest to the insect and it negotiated the fallen furniture with ease, landing on the puddle of blood at the base of the bed. It paddled, feet sticky with blood, around the pieces of smashed glass, and with a tiny little insect hum of satisfaction it settled on the on the twisted leg of a broken pair of glasses and ate. Severus Snape apparated into Privet Drive with a loud pop and was immediately assaulted by an almost incoherent Nymphadora Tonks, babbling on about Fletcher and Dursleys and… Oh Merlin, he had only gone for a minute …and… he didn't think anything would happen …and… what if something happened to Harry . Snape couldn't contain the sneer. "Well it's perfectly obvious something has happened to Potter." And heaven help him, the infuriating girl broke down into tears. Completely and utterly incompetent, he thought to himself and scowled. "Tonks," he said sharply, "What exactly happened?" Responding to her old Professor's tone, Tonks straightened and tried to sniff back the tears. Her voice was wavery but clear. "Death Eaters came and took Harry." Snape resisted the urge to slap her. "I know that part. But how did they get in? You said something about that useless buffoon, Fletcher." Tonks nodded. "Mundungus was meant to be watching the house but he…er…" she faltered, earning a sharp look from Snape, "wenttothepub," she blurted. "He what?" "He went to the pub," she repeated, eyes downcast. "And when he was gone they came. Well, at least we assume it was Death Eaters. I mean who else…" "Yes, yes," Snape snapped. "Just get on with it." "When Mundungus got back, the door was open and when he went in he found them all. Dead." Her eyes began to tear up again and Snape spoke quickly. "The Dursleys?" She nodded. "And Potter?" Now she did start snivelling again. "He's gone. They found his wand…and his glasses and...Oh God…blood." "A lot of blood?" She looked at him now, gaining composure again as she began to behave more like the Auror she was trained to be. "There's a puddle. And some smeared on the wall." "Show me," Snape said. And so Tonks led the Hogwart's Potions Professor into the house and up the stairs and into the devastation that had been Harry Potter's bedroom. Snape looked around with a frown, eyes taking in the details: the positioning of the furniture, the splatter of blood, the unbroken window with the bars across it. The boy didn't even have a chance, he thought, but he certainly didn't make it easy for them. Harry's trunk lay tipped over on the floor and Snape bent to right it, pausing as his long fingers encountered soft cloth. He hefted the trunk into its correct position and pulled out the cloak that had been stashed at the bottom. An invisibility cloak, he realised with a start,. Well, that explained a lot. A quick glance to make sure Tonks wasn't watching - she was staring out of the window - and he stashed the cloak inside his robes. A small pathetic little hooting sound came from a pile of debris that had been Harry's wardrobe and both Snape and Tonks whipped out their wands. With a silent gesture with his fingers, Snape indicated he would pull aside the rubbish and Tonks should be ready. She nodded. Without hesitation Snape yanked hard at the large piece of door that was lying atop the pile and pointed his wand deliberately at the pile of over-sized clothes lying underneath. There was a feeble rustling sound and then nothing. Snape's eyes narrowed as he saw the edge of a birdcage sticking out of the pile, the bars twisted and broken and he realised just what it was they were hearing. A quick swish and flick and the clothes were flung out of the way. Another and the cage was lifted off the broken form of Harry's owl, it's white wings streaked with drying blood. Whether the blood was from the owl or Harry, Snape couldn't be sure. "Hedwig!" Tonks gasped and moved towards the bird, but Snape stopped her with a wave of his hand. "No," he said sharply. "Let me get her." Tonks looked ready to argue and he explained in a softening tone as he started to reach for the owl, "She might panic and try to fly… shhh girl … it's all right ….I'm stronger and a lot less likely to care about a few scratches… come on then … I'm not going to hurt you …" Tonks watched in astonishment as the ferocious terror of her childhood years gently extracted the injured owl and held her in his arms, black eyes assessing the damage even as his hands petted and soothed. "Besides," he continued, and Tonks realised he was still talking, "you might drop her." She bristled at that but held her tongue. This wasn't the time to fight. "What are you going to do?" she asked. Without looking up, or raising his voice Snape answered, "I'm going to return to Hogwarts and tell the headmaster of the situation. And then I'm going to find Potter before he gets himself killed." And he apparated away. "I am most displeased, Lucius, I specifically requested that he not be injured." Lucius Malfoy bowed his head at the reproof in Voldemort softly spoken words. "I am sorry, my Lord, but he put up more resistance than we anticipated. It is not a life threatening wound so I thought-" "You thought , Lucius?" Voldemort broke in, voice icy, "You thought? And who gave you the permission to think?" Lucius bowed even lower but did not step back into the small group of bloodied and dishevelled Death Eater's behind him. Malfoy's do not cower or hide. "I am sorry, my Lord, I have no excuses." "Indeed you do not," Voldemort agreed. "However, I am willing to overlook the incident this time since you did manage to bring the boy here." Relaxing a little, Lucius said smoothly, "Thank you, my Lord. I will not fail you again." "No you will not. I do feel however that a small reminder is in order, so you do not forget your error." It took all of Lucius Malfoy's considerable composure to allow him to speak without the faintest tremor in his voice. "As you wish, my Lord." " Crucio ," Voldemort said loudly and Lucius tensed for the expected pain but none came. He realised there was screaming, but it came from behind him. He turned to see the writhing body of Nott fall to the floor, the one who had thrown the curse that sent Harry Potter slamming into the side of his dresser and cracked his ribs. " Crucio ," Voldemort repeated, and Goyle likewise fell in a spasming heap of pain, paying for the blood that leaked down Potter's neck; the result of the boy cracking his head off the window ledge. It had left a surprising amount of blood on the floor. " Crucio ," said again and Crabbe fell. Lucius searched in his memory for Crabbe's crime against Potter and realised, with a stab of fear, that he had not inflicted any damage on the boy. Which meant- " Crucio ," Lucius heard. And he screamed. Harry Potter never slept well. His dreams were routinely plagued by horrors so real that he often awoke in a panic, unsure whether they were dreams or something more. So at first when he awoke, bathed in sweat and blood and feeling like he'd been pummelled by a hippogriff, for one bitterly long moment he thought he was dreaming. Dreaming of a bleary dungeon, and chains holding his wrists high above him to a clammy stone wall; a nagging ache in his scar dulled by a sharp pain in his temple. And then the memories came flooding back. The insistent ring of the doorbell as he sat brooding in his room, locked in again for some imaginary infarction of Dursley house rules. Raised voices at the bottom of the stairs travelling through into the kitchen and footsteps coming up to his door. He'd sat, puzzled when the door wasn't unlocked, but it didn't occur to him to be worried until he heard the screaming start. His aunt's piercing shriek had shattered his lethargy and he'd launched off the bed towards his trunk. Hedwig was screeching in her cage but he'd had no time to release her as he fumbled with the locks, yanking the lid open and throwing books across the floor in search of his wand. Another scream from Petunia and a bellowing yell from his uncle had made him almost feverish with panic. The wand slipped from his fingers and he'd scrabbled to grab it from the bottom of the trunk. And then he felt the palpable shudder of magic as the protection spells were destroyed. Then the door blasted open. He'd launched a couple of stunning spells at the opening door and heard the thud of a body falling back as at least one hit its target. Then the spells had started flying thick and fast and he'd managed to hold them off for a while, until one had sent him crashing into the dresser. Winded, he'd tried to protect Hedwig whose cage had smashed off the wall with a sickening crack, but another curse had slammed him backwards and the last thing he could remember was a blast of pain in the back of his head and his glasses falling off. They'd killed his family, he suddenly realised. They may not have been much, but they were the only family he had and to think they were dead…and Hedwig… Harry squeezed his eyes closed and fought back the bile in his throat. His scar was burning insistently now, and he was afraid to consider what that meant, the only logical reason for the feeling to be so intense. So intent was he on pushing away the pain, he was completely unprepared for the loud voice that exclaimed, "Ah good, you're awake." Harry opened his eyes with a start and blinked furiously as he tried to focus on the figure standing in the centre of the room. The blurred image solidified as the person walked closer and he couldn't help but flinch back against the wall when the features sharpened enough to be recognisable. "Voldemort," he rasped his throat suddenly dry. "Hello, Harry," Voldemort smiled pleasantly and Harry's stomach twittered