AN: This story takes place after BoO and disregards everything about ToA. "Dreams are more real than reality itself, they're closer to the self." ~ Gao Xingjian Chapter One The sound of Annabeth's laughter and the sound of splashing water woke Percy from his nap. The sunshine was blinding, making the azure sky pop with color. "Ugh," he groaned as turned his body over. His sunglasses were lying crookedly on his face. "What's going on?" Annabeth turned to face him. She was standing at the edge of the pool laughing at Jason who had fallen into the pool. She was wearing a yellow sundress and sandals. Her curly blonde hair hung in waves over her shoulders and shined like gold in the sunlight. "So the sleeper awakes," she laughed as she made her way to him. She sat on his chair and leaned over kiss him. Her lips caressed her cheek making him feel all warm and fuzzy inside. "Why's Jason in the pool?" he asked groggily as he fixed his sunglasses. "Piper pushed him in on accident ," Annabeth replied in a way that made it sound like it was anything but that. She made air quotes and rolled her gray eyes. "Apparently he needed to cool off. Oh yeah, Frank and Hazel finally showed up. And Nico and Will are still inside doing god knows what." He smiled slowly and nodded. He hadn't really been paying attention to what Annabeth was saying. He was too busy admiring the gentle upward curve of her lips as she smiled and her gray eyes that seemed to be laughing and filled with happiness. But his mind caught on to one word, god. God? Wasn't there more than one Greek god? 'There's no such thing as Greek gods. Those are just myths, Percy,' a soft voice reassured him. "Wise Girl," he murmured as he pulled Annabeth close to him. An inexpiable wave of momentary sadness washed over him. He felt her tense slightly in his arms, obviously concerned about his lapse of sadness. "You okay, Seaweed Brain?" she asked as she removed herself from his arms. Her gray eyes pierced him trying to pry out my feels. She was analyzing me. "I'm okay," he replied. "I was just thinking abo-" He was cut off by a loud splash, a chorus of laughter, and the sound of shuffling feet. He turned to find Piper in the pool laughing as Jason splashed water in her face. "Stop!" she cried between her laughter. "Not happening, McLean," Jason said a wide smile on his face. Sitting at the edge of the pool with their legs dangling in the water were Frank and Hazel, the couple whispered to themselves smiles on their faces. Hazel kept kicking her legs back and forth getting both of them wet. Frank had an arm around her and was naming shapes in the cloud making Hazel laugh. Nico and Will had finally come out from where ever they had been hiding. Will's blonde hair and fair complexion were a far cry from Nico's dark hair and pale skin, but they complemented each other. The blonde said something to Nico that caused him to scowl. And as the pair got closer to the pool, Will pushed Nico causing him to nearly fall in the pool. Percy turned back to Annabeth, "We really weren't supposed to go swimming were we?" "No, your mom and dad just asked to clean to pool for the building. But we finished earlier than planned and this happened," Annabeth said making a sweeping gesture to the scene in front of him. Wait, his apartment building didn't have a pool. And there was no way that he mom and Paul had managed to afford a hotel nice enough to have a pool. There was just no way for that to happen. 'Your building has always had a pool. You live in penthouse that has this and more,' the same, soft reassuring voice from earlier intoned again. Percy began to survey the scene again and someone caught his eye. On a nearby lounge chair, there was a boy talking to a girl with caramel colored hair. The boy was making wild gestures with his hands while the girl shook her head, a small smile on her face. He almost wondered how he hadn't noticed them there before. 'They've been there the whole time, Leo Valdez and Calypso Drake. They're friends of Piper and Jason. You met Calypso two years ago during the club fair. You met Leo at one of Jason's parties. You all have been together ever since.' "Where's my mom?" Percy turned, asking Annabeth. "She had errands," Annabeth replied. "Didn't say what exactly but she said it was important. She and Paul will be back later." Annabeth brushed back a strand of her blonde hair and looked out into the distance. She had a hopeful and wistful look on her face. "Can you believe that next year we'll be seniors?" she asked softly. "I mean it feels like it was yesterday when I first met you in the sixth grade." "And you hated me," he added a small smile on his face. "I didn't hate you, exactly," she corrected trying to keep a straight face, her gray eyes betraying her feelings. "I just didn't like you a lot. I tolerated you." "Well I'm glad that you've tolerated me this long," he said smiling back at her. He resisted to the urge to laugh at the gagging noises Jason and the others were making. "Get a room!" Jason shouted as he hoisted himself out of the pool. He was soaking wet. His purple tee-shirt stuck to his body. He removed his sneakers and emptied them of water, almost comically. "Can it, Grace," he warned trying to sound serious and failing. "You might just end up in the pool." The group laughed and for once Percy truly felt light. For some reason, he hadn't truly been able to enjoy the full situation as it was. Something weighed down his heart like a stone. But now, it wasn't there anymore. All there was a light feeling in his heart. And that was all he needed. Kayla and Miranda made their way down the grandiose streets of Mount Olympus. The city had changed a lot since Annabeth had remodeled it. And Kayla had to admit, she had done an amazing job with it. But this wasn't the way she wanted to be seeing Olympus. Under ideal circumstances she would have come to Olympus solely to visit and to admire the city. She wouldn't come to Olympus to update the Olympians about the status of their chosen heroes in place of her brother, Will. She was beginning to resent the fact that Will had talked her into going to Olympus for him. Sure, she understood that he and Lou Ellen, from the Hecate Cabin, were busy working on a cure for the Seven and Nico but that didn't mean he had any right shirk away from his demi-godly duties. She had spent a lot of time working in the infirmary too! Then again, unlike Will, she had been able to get some sleep and was eating regularly. Will, on the other hand, hadn't gotten a decent night's sleep in ages. He was constantly fretting over Nico, his boyfriend, and the others. Her siblings had placed her as Will's dietitian until he could remember to feed himself regularly. The gods had also wanted speak to Lou Ellen, but she, too, was in no shape to talk to them. Lou was tired and both physically and magically drained. So she and Miranda drew the short sticks. They got to deliver the Olympians bad news. "We're here," Miranda whispered. The daughter of Demeter had been rather reluctant to come with her and had almost pushed the job on to Austin, her fellow child of Apollo. Kayla looked around the throne room. Most of the gods were present except for Dionysus who remained at camp. They had apparently been in midst of a deep discussion. And when they entered, a rather uncomfortable silence had settled over the room. She bit her lip as she a Miranda knelt before Zeus. Miranda then went on to bow before her mother. And she decided to follow in suit and bow before her father, Apollo. Apollo had a pair of ear buds on and looked like he wasn't listening. But, to her surprise, he winked at her, his silent way of greeting her. "We were expecting Will Solace, son of Apollo, and Lou Ellen, daughter of Hecate, before us today," Zeus finally said. "We weren't expecting…" "Kayla Watson, daughter of Apollo," she spoke up, trying to keep her voice steady and even. "And this is Miranda Gardiner, daughter of Demeter." The gods bristled when she spoke. Kayla tensed. Had they been notified that they would be coming in place of Will and Lou Ellen? Zeus spoke once again, "Why are Will and Lou Ellen unable to present themselves before the Council?" Kayla moistened her lips, "Will and Lou Ellen are working on a cure for the Seven and Nico. They're exhausted, drained, and are in no state to present themselves to the Council. Miranda and I have been sent in their place." "Well then," Hera said impatiently. "What has become of the Seven?" She pursued her lips. "They are unable to be woken." As she said this, the gods began to murmur among themselves. Poseidon looked especially troubled. His son had been through so much that Kayla felt a surge of pity for the sea god and his son. "Lou Ellen managed to sense their dreams, not necessarily what they're dreaming of. Contrary to our initial thoughts that they are being subjected to mental torture in the dreams, it's apparently the opposite. Lou told me that when she grazed the surface of their dreams, she felt an overwhelming sense of happiness." "Why?" Hermes voiced the thoughts of the Council. "Why would someone do this to them and make them happy?" Kayla and Miranda exchanged a look. They had discussed many possible reasons why someone might do this to the Seven and Nico. They hadn't come up with a definite reason. "We are unsure, Lord Hermes," Miranda responded, her hands playing with the hem of her shirt. "We have discussed a number of possible reasons but nothing concrete." "At this point," Kayla sighed, "we have reached the conclusion that all we can do is try to shock them out of their dreams somehow. Lou is working on a way to do that. But getting them to wake up is something they have to do on their own." There was a momentary silence as the gods exchanged pointed looks with each other. Kayla couldn't blame them for being concerned. A demi-god's life was hard balancing school, training, and monsters. She wouldn't blame any of the Seven for not waking up. Living in a dream didn't sound so bad, if you took aside the fact that it might kill you. "Is there nothing else you can do?" Hera asked incredulously. Kayla felt Miranda put a hand on her to keep her from speaking. Miranda knew how she felt about Hera using the Seven for her own vendetta. "At this point, we are unsure if there's anything else we can do, my Lady," Miranda replied in a polite tone. She didn't agree with Hera's use of the Seven as pawns either, especially with Percy and Jason. "Will and Lou are trying their best with what we have, but there's not much we know about this." Another long period of awkward silence ensued. Kayla wondered if the gods were communicating telepathically or something like that because of the unusual periods of silence that kept occurring. "The Council will have a brief recess," Zeus announced abruptly. "Kayla and Miranda are asked to remain in Olympus for when the Council reconvenes." She frowned. Zeus was talking like they weren't