Evening Star Good and Evil A/N – Hello, reader, and welcome to my second Twilight story, which is a companion story to the first, Twilight Recalibrated . This one is written from Edythe's point of view, and, as you may have guessed, is based on Midnight Sun. That's probably an understatement – though the characters are gender-swapped (obviously) and I changed Edythe's internal monologue to be somewhat more entertaining, the story is essentially the same, except for Beau being a completely different (and in my not-so-humble opinion, much more interesting) character. All rights belong to Stephenie Meyer. Have fun ! This was the time of day when I wished I could sleep. High school. I liked to think of it as purgatory; if there was any way to atone for my sins, this had to count in some way. I amused myself imagining telling a priest about it as my act of contrition, but it was only a temporary diversion. The tedium was not something I grew used to; every day seemed more impossibly monotonous than the last. It was sleep, in a way; my mind certainly wasn't very active. I stared at the cracks running through the plaster in the far corner of the cafeteria, imagining patterns into them that were not there. It was one way to tune out the voices that babbled like the gush of a river inside my head. Several hundred of these voices I ignored out of boredom. When it came to the human mind, I'd heard it all before and then some. Today, all thoughts were consumed with the trivial drama of a new addition to the small student body here. It took so little to work them all up. I'd seen the new face repeated in thought after thought from every angle. Just an ordinary human boy. The excitement over his arrival was tiresomely predictable – like offering candy to a child. Many of the airheaded females were already imagining themselves with him, just because he was something new to look at. I tried harder to tune them out. Only four voices did I block out of courtesy rather than distaste; my family, my two brothers and two sisters, who were so used to the lack of privacy in my presence that they rarely gave it a thought. I gave them what privacy I could. I tried not to listen if I could help it. Try as I may, still … I knew. Royal was thinking, as usual, about himself. He'd noticed one of the more attractive females gawking at him as he walked by, which he was still contemplating with a smug, self-satisfied smile. Royal had always been a shallow individual, and today was no exception. Eleanor was fuming over a wrestling match she'd lost to Jessamine during the night. It would take all of her limited patience to make it to the end of the school day to orchestrate a rematch. I never really felt intrusive hearing Eleanor's thoughts, because she never thought one thing that she would not say aloud or put into action. Perhaps I only felt guilty reading the others' minds because I knew there were things there that they wouldn't want me to know. If Royal's mind was that of a shallow, self-obsessed individual, then Eleanor's mind was that of someone with nothing to hide. And Jessamine was … suffering. I suppressed a sigh. Edythe . Archie called my name in his head, and had my attention at once. It was just the same as having my name called aloud. I was glad my given name had never exactly been popular – while Edith was not uncommon, Edythe was rare enough that if I heard the name in someone's mind, the person in question was almost certainly thinking about me. My head didn't turn now. Archie and I were good at these private conversations. It was rare for anyone to catch us. I kept my eyes on the lines in the plaster. How's she holding up ? he asked me, trying to sound casual, but I wasn't fooled. I frowned, just a small change in the set of my mouth. Nothing that would tip the others off, who would probably interpret it as a sign of boredom. Archie's mental tone was worried now, and I saw in his mind that he was watching Jessamine in his peripheral vision. Is there any danger ? He searched ahead, into the immediate future, skimming through visions of monotony for the source behind my frown. I turned my head slowly to the left, as if looking at the bricks of the wall, sighed, and then to the right, back to the cracks in the ceiling. Only he knew I was shaking my head. Archie relaxed. Let me know if it gets too bad . I moved only my eyes, up to the ceiling above, and back down. Thanks for doing this . I was glad I couldn't answer him out loud. What would I say? 'My pleasure'? Hardly; I didn't enjoy listening to Jessamine's struggles, nor, I imagine, would anyone else. Was it really necessary to experiment like this? Wouldn't the safer path be to just admit that she might never be able to handle the thirst the way the rest of us could, and not push her limits? Why flirt with disaster? It had been two weeks since our last hunting trip. That was not an immensely difficult time span for the rest of us. A little uncomfortable occasionally – if a human walked too close, if the wind blew the wrong way. But humans rarely walked too close. Their instincts told them what their conscious minds would never understand: we were dangerous. Jessamine was very dangerous right now. At that moment, a small boy paused at the end of the closest table to ours, stopping to talk to a friend. He laughed and semiconsciously combed through his short, sandy hair. The heaters blew his scent in our direction. I was used to the way that scent made me feel – the dry ache in my throat, the hollow yearn in my stomach, the automatic tightening of my muscles, the excess flow of venom in my mouth … This was all quite normal, usually easy to ignore. It was harder just now, with the feelings stronger, doubled, as I monitored Jessamine's reaction. Twin thirsts, rather than just mine. Jessamine was letting his imagination get away from her. She was picturing it – picturing herself getting up from her seat next to Archie and going to stand beside the boy. Thinking of leaning down and in, as if she were going to whisper in his ear, and letting her lips touch the arch of his throat, knowing how excited it would make him feel. Imagining how the hot flow of his pulse beneath the fine skin would feel under her mouth … I kicked her chair. She met my gaze for a minute, and then looked down. I could hear shame and rebellion war in her head. "Sorry," Jessamine muttered. I shrugged. "You weren't going to do anything," Archie assured her, trying to sound lighthearted. I fought back the grimace that would give his lie away. We had to stick together, Archie and I. It wasn't easy, hearing voices or seeing visions of the future. Both freaks among those who were already freaks. "It helps a little if you think of them as people," Archie suggested, his tenor voice too fast for human ears to understand, if any had been close enough to hear. "His name is Clark. He has a brother he's always taking care of. His mother invited Carine to that garden party, remember?" "I know who he is," Jessamine said curtly. She turned away to stare out one of the small windows that were spaced just under the eaves around the long room. Her tone ended the conversation. She would have to hunt tonight. It was ridiculous to take risks like this, trying to test her strength, to build her endurance. Jessamine needed to accept her limitations and work within them. Her former habits were not conducive to our chosen lifestyle; she shouldn't push herself in this way. Archie sighed and stood, taking his tray of food – his prop, as it were – with him and leaving her alone. He knew when she'd had enough of his encouragement. Though Royal and Eleanor were more flagrant about their relationship, it was Archie and Jessamine who knew each other's every mood as well as their own. As if they could read their minds, too – only just each other's. Edythe Cullen. Reflex reaction. I turned to the sound of my name being called, though it wasn't being called, just thought. My eyes locked for a small portion of a second with a pair of wide, light-blue human eyes set in a narrow, suntanned face. I knew the face, though I'd never seen it myself before this moment. It had been foremost in every human head today. The new student, Beaufort Swan. Son of the town's chief of police, brought to live here by some new custody situation. Beaufort. He'd corrected everyone who'd used his full name, not that I could blame him… I looked away, bored. It took me a second to realize that he had not been the one to think my name. Of course he's already fantasizing over them , I heard the first thought continue. Now I recognized the 'voice.' Jeremy Stanley – it had been a while since he'd bothered me with his internal chatter. What a relief it had been when he'd gotten overhis misplaced infatuation. It used to be nearly impossible to escape his lurid, repulsive daydreams. I'd wished, at the time, that I could explain to him exactly what would have happened if my lips, and the teeth behind them, had gotten anywhere near him. That would have silenced those sick fantasies. The thought of his reaction almost made me smile. Like he has a chance , Jeremy went on. He's not ugly, but they're way out of his league. And why is Erica staring at him so much… oh, God, not McKayla too … He winced mentally on the last name. His new infatuation, the beautiful and popular McKayla Newton, was completely oblivious to him. Apparently she was not as oblivious to the new boy. Like a cat with a yarn ball. This put a mean edge to Jeremy's thoughts, though he was outwardly cordial to the newcomer as he explained to him the commonly held knowledge about my family. The new student must have asked about us. They've all been looking at me too , Jeremy thought smugly in an aside. Isn't it lucky Beau had two classes with me… I'll be the one showing him the ropes … I tried to block the inane chatter out of my head before his petty, trivial thoughts drove me mad. "Jeremy Stanley is giving the new Swan kid all the dirty laundry on the Cullen clan," I murmured to Eleanor as a distraction. She chuckled under her breath. I hope he's making it good , she thought "Rather unimaginative, actually, though I'm not surprised. It is Jeremy, after all." She chuckled again. And the new kid? Is he disappointed in the gossip as well ? I listened to hear what this new boy, Beau, thought of Jeremy's story. What did he see when he looked at the strange, chalky-skinned family that was universally avoided? It was sort of my responsibility to know his reaction. I acted as a sort of lookout for my family. If anyone ever grew suspicious, I could give us early warning and an easy retreat. It happened occasionally – some human with an overactive imagination would see in us the characters of a book or a movie. Usually they got it wrong, but it was better to move on somewhere new rather than risk scrutiny. Very rarely,