A/N: Hi everyone and welcome to The District ! This is an ambitious endeavor, but I am a huge fan of both The Hunger Games and The Office , so I thought I would try my hand at writing something humorous and combining two great loves in my life! This fic will contain themes and plots from both fandoms (some heavily borrowed and others mere references). For example, this episode mirrors the pilot of both the British and US Office, but it won't always be that way. I'll borrow certain lines, themes, or characteristics of people from both, and this will loosely follow the timeline of the television show, but it is not a strict retelling of two stories you may already know . This will ultimately be Hunger Games characters transposed into an office setting, so if you have watched The Office , you'll recognize the parallels. If you haven't watched the series and you just want to try a humorous AU, I've structured it that way so that it's easier to read. I'm extremely nervous about putting this out there, so your feedback is very much encouraged and appreciated! Thank you and enjoy The District ! ** Additional note: So the use of random italic sections don't throw people off, these are meant to take characters privately out of the action, in what the mockumentary-type shows call "Talking Heads" (which I've just delineated as private interviews). It shouldn't be too confusing, but just in case it was at all, I wanted to clarify! Disclaimer: I do not own anything. Both The Hunger Games and The Office (US) belong to their respective owners. I also do not own any topical references made (ie: Real Housewives, the song 'Girl on Fire', or Geico...you get it) in this chapter. Year One, Episode One: Welcome to District 12! Haymitch Abernathy is extremely hungover when a film documentary crew arrives on his condo doorstep one particularly chilly September morning. Therefore, Haymitch Abernathy is extremely pissed off when a film documentary crew arrives on his condo doorstep one particularly chilly September morning. Donning nothing but a pair of unclean boxers and gripping the neck of a beer bottle, he shouts several unsavory phrases at the cameras. His choice wording raises a few red censorship flags. One of his snarkier comments causes Haymitch to burst into a fit of laughter. When asked by one of the crewmen if 'Hungover Guy' was an impression or a bit to break the ice with the camera crew, Haymitch stops laughing and replaces his smile with the world's most terrifying scowl. Before Haymitch can throw an empty bottle at the intruders, the director, Cressida, has to remind him that they are, in fact, the very same film crew he had spoken with on the phone just a week ago, when he agreed to filming a documentary. The documentary, Cressida re-explains to Haymitch, is a ten-year project that will chronicle the daily lives of the twelfth office branch of Panem Electric, a small company that sells coal-powered electric. She then recaps how they discussed that District Twelve is located in eastern Pennsylvania, just outside of the city of Allentown, and how Haymitch had repeatedly told Cressida the "fun fact" that Allentown is the third largest city in Pennsylvania over the phone as well. With a nervous glance into the camera, Haymitch, the regional manager of the branch, begins to laugh. "Oh, yeah. I remember you now. You're the one who had to look up my fun fact about Allentown because you didn't believe me. Damn, I must have been plastered last week when I agreed to this! You also must have sounded hotter on the phone, Goldilocks, because I wouldn't have agreed to this otherwise," Haymitch tells the director plainly. "Well, on with the show! I'll go put on some clothes." Cressida steps back behind the camera and vows to stay there going forward. "Welcome, welcome! So lovely to have you all here at our District office!" a bubbly woman, clad head to toe in frills and sequins, greets the crew as soon as they walk through the door of Panem Electric. She is flaunting what appears to be a freshly-done (at home) orange hair-dye job. Haymitch is quick to push her away. "Get outta here, Trinket…wait your turn in the annex where you belong, you technicolored waste of space," Haymitch hisses. Several of those seated at their desks turn to view the altercation, while others ignore it entirely. From the looks of it, this kind of banter between the two is normal. The woman huffs and shouts back, "Manners, Haymitch! We have been over this many times. You cannot behave like this in the workplace, especially to a woman!" He turns to the camera and jabs a thumb at the jilted woman. "She's from HR. She's the worst. Bane of my existence, to be exact." "Thank you, Haymitch, for humiliating me in front of everyone." "My pleasure, Princess." "And would it kill you to be on time for work? You know, we have a very tight schedule to adhere to around here." "Great, glad to hear it, but I'm the boss. You work for Human Resources. I do what I want, and you have no say..." "Actually, I do have a say..." "Point is, Princess, I'm fun, you're not. Lesson's up. Back to the annex, Effie." Haymitch takes one of the bright orange curls in between his fingers. "And what on earth did you do to your head? You look like a goddamn bottle of Sunny D." Effie juts out her lower lip and recoils from his touch. "The bottle said that the color was supposed to be Sun-Kissed Tangerine." Haymitch hoots and hollers at this. "There's nothing sun-kissed about that shade of tangerine, Trinket. Now scoot!" She leaves, but not without an overly-dramatic pout, followed by an exit that achieves its goal of getting most of the office's attention. A blue-eyed young man with shaggy blonde hair has been exchanging a series of knowing smirks with the girl at the reception desk. When Effie storms past him, a whirling dervish of orange and sequins, the man swivels in his desk chair and immediately looks into the camera with a face that seems to say he cannot offer any explanation. Haymitch steps into his personal office and motions for the cameras to follow him. The crew decides to take a moment to peek into the boss' office for the first time. It is sparsely decorated, save a few knick-knacks on his desk, and the floor is mostly littered with discarded bottles. The camera lingers on the leather notebook reading 'Diary' on the front cover. It has been left unattended on Haymitch's desk. When Haymitch spots where the cameras are trained, he claims that the diary is really "a book of strategies and ideas for his memoirs". He mutters something about a screenplay under his breath. The same blonde man from before enters the office, only knocking on the doorframe after the fact. He wears khaki pants and a light blue dress shirt with a complementing royal blue tie. The sleeves of the shirt have been rolled up to the crooks of his elbows. His appearance reflects a well-maintained appearance of caring just enough to scrape by and genuine disinterest. "Ah, Peeta Mellark, one of our salesmen here at Panem. Competent, handsome, but unmotivated as hell, this guy!" Haymitch announces. The man, Peeta, glances nervously at the cameras before returning to the task at hand. "I just got off the phone with the Lehigh Valley School District Superintendent, and I, um, couldn't close the sale," Peeta explains sheepishly. His stare volleys between the camera and Haymitch, as if he is afraid of the lack of motivation that Haymitch exploited will be associated with the sale. "And where are they thinking of going instead?" "PPL." Haymitch hisses a single "Dammit!" before explaining that PPL, the main electric provider for their the area, is known around the office as the "Big, Bad Guy". Peeta mutters that only Haymitch calls them by that name. The cameras train themselves again on Haymitch, who now grins at Peeta, despite the disappointing news. "Did you try any of the selling strategies we discussed in yesterday's meeting?" Peeta's weight shifts from one foot to another. "While those strategies were great, that's not really my selling style." Haymitch leans back in his chair and lets out a cackle. "Boy, you wouldn't know style if a J Crew Magazine bit you on your lazy ass. Watch and learn from the master, young grasshopper." He then sits forward and begins dialing a number into his phone. When asked about his management techniques in a private interview, Haymitch responded: " Some would say that people 'aren't my thing'. But selling coal is my thing. Being a boss, in both the literal and cool senses of the word, is my thing. Sometimes not wearing shoes in the office is my thing. I like to consider myself a mentor to everyone here, guiding them while overseeing them. Occasionally offering nuggets, like turds or, or like skipping stones, of golden advice. I'm like a wiser, more attractive, single version of the dad in the Cheaper by the Dozen movies . Great films." "You have a very simple task to do: sell. Oldest trick in the book: don't run right into the mouth of the sale. That's what they want, that's what they expect. Run away for a bit, get as far away as possible." "That's…that can't be right," Peeta observes. Before he can add anything else, Haymitch holds up a single finger and begins to talk sweetly to the previously discussed Superintendent, Clara Brown. When asked in a private interview about Haymitch's sales strategies, Peeta Mellark explains that they are all as convoluted as the one Haymitch explained to him in his office. " Other strategies include: Buddying Up, Giving Them Something to Root For, Pre-Game Your Calls—which went over really well with HR—Play Your Part, Remember Who Your Enemy Is, and my personal favorite, Stay Alive," Peeta elaborates with a shrug. "Couldn't tell you what a single one of them actually means or what it has to do with selling coal-powered electric plans, but boy, are those titles catchy." He then tells the cameras that as a boss, Haymitch is ninety-five percent alcohol and five percent straight out nonsense. "Clara! How are you, Beautiful?...How are the grandkids?...Good to hear. Listen, I heard you're thinking about switching over to the Big, Bad Guy...PPL…I know, you just spoke with him, but I thought we could talk now, Superintendent to Manager. I'm not about to run away so quickly…" Peeta jams his hands into his pockets, clearly very uncomfortable as he continues to be forced to watch his boss haggle with the woman on the other end, not to mention contradict his previous advice to 'get as far away as possible'. "Now, listen here, Ms. Brown…I understand, but…" Haymitch suddenly scowls, and he pounds a fist on his desk. Speaking in a threatening tone, he continues to bargain. "Alright, you old hag, here's what we're gonna do. My salesman, Peeta Mellark, is going to call you back up tomorrow and offer you twenty-five percent off on your first month of heating this year, and you're going to like it. I'm giving you and your school brats something to root for here, Ms. Brown, like young love, or accidentally not getting charged for guacamole at Chipotle…Excellent! You'll be hearing from us tomorrow." There is no containing the smug look that crosses Haymitch's face when he hangs up the phone and stares up at Peeta, whose jaw is wide open in utter disbelief. After being asked about his job responsibilities as a salesman at Panem, Peeta Mellark's eyes glaze over as he stares off, beyond the camera. He seems to have been thrown off entirely by what the doc crew thought was a seemingly simple question. " My