Hey there! It's been a while since I've written anything, so I'm VERY rusty, but I have recently become a huge fan of this series and this idea/concept, although it probably seems overdone, was calling out to me. I had a lot of free time this summer, so I decided to write it down. My writing is probably a poor reflection of the idea, so for that I'm sorry in advance. Basically, it takes place after the Quarter Quell and follows Mockingjay with some of my own alterations, the big one obviously being Katniss' pregnancy. I tried to stay as close to the plot of the book as best as I could, but some things needed to be switched around and changed for this fic's purpose. Each chapter will be told in the POV of a different character with flashbacks here and there. The title is inspired by Mumford and Son's song "Ghosts That We Knew". Hope you enjoy, review, etc! I'll do my best to update if you guys are into it! Thank you! -ILoVeWicked Disclaimer: I own nothing! Chapter 1 Katniss My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District Twelve. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. The Capitol hates me. I was in the Quarter Quell. The arena exploded. I…I… I don't remember what happens next. It starts out as a droning hum. As my eyes begin to flutter open, the hum has transformed into a steady beep, evenly spaced and strangely rhythmic. I am now awake, wide eyed and staring into the tile of a white ceiling that I altogether do not recognize but at the same time contains the odd familiarity of tile I have seen many times before. Hospital quarters. The beeps are spread out in intervals of five seconds. They never lull, they never drag. Like intricate clockwork. Clockwork… I jolt upward, my head suddenly feeling like the contents of the clock-shaped arena that I managed to explode with my arrow. My muscles are sore, bile burns the edges of my esophagus, and my bones feel brittle, like tiny glass animals captured inside of a glass menagerie. Like twenty-four tributes, twenty-four past victors, trapped inside of an arena. The thought finally strikes me that I do not know where I am. Besides the obvious indications that I am being held in some sort of hospital, of course, my exact location is unknown. Am I at home, in District Twelve? I shake my head at the unlikely possibility. Even with the upscale Victor's Village being my new residence, nowhere in District Twelve is a room this sterile and without the familiar sheen of coal dust coating the room's crevices. Am I under the strict watch of the Capitol? The Capitol wants me dead. It's one of the truest and scariest statements in my introduction that I continually have repeated to myself over the course of the year. If I had miraculously made it out of the arena alive, and the Capitol's hovercraft had been the one to lift me from my crumbling surroundings, why haven't they executed me yet? The answer is startling, and it injects a shiver into my now convulsing body, powerful enough to shake the very marrow of my bones: they are waiting. They want me alive and well. They want my execution to take place live, in a way that I may experience the pain, the agony, the darkness of death. My mind is suddenly flooded with the frightened faces of those I can no longer save. Prim hugs her ribcage, body racked with sobs while my stoic mother stares blankly once again into the abyss of death. Gale, his mother Hazelle, his siblings Rory, Vick and little Posy, huddled together in fear. Fear for the lives of their own Hawthorne clan as well as the Everdeen clan I have left behind. Gale's face in particular strikes me. His dark features, his intense stare, and how they nearly disintegrated into his battered, raw body as it lay on my kitchen table the night I chose him. The kiss wasn't enough. And neither was our final argument about running away before the Quell could take hold of me once again. There were words between us that would never be able to be exchanged. Especially after the Quell had been announced. After I had betrayed him. A long, pinkish scar on my forearm conjures up memories of Johanna Mason, and her knife digging into my flesh, her frantic movements reminding me faintly of Foxface in that moment. Also appearing is chiseled face and body of Finnick Odiar and the focused, wise eyes of Beetee. Had they all survived the explosion? Or were they already sacrificed to the Capitol for their lack of subservience? Worse, I muse, had their involvement with the Capitol been a carefully hidden secret in order to contribute to my eminent demise? Their loyalty is blurry to me. As blurry as the events of that final evening. Those who were less fortunate also raid my brain. Madge's twitching body makes me shut my eyes to remove the sting in remembering Finnick's agonized face as he lost his beloved mentor. Wiress' tinny "tick tock" matches the cadence of the machine at my side. Cinna, in all of his simplistic, noble glory, beaten, battered, and bruised right before my eyes just as I entered the arena. The fervent beating inflicted on my stylist by Capitol surely indicates his death, but a glimmer of hope swells in my chest as I hold on to the unknown that he may have pulled through and survived. My mind wanders to the face I have been trying to avoid subconsciously. His eyes fill my clouded memory first. Soft, blue eyes that grew suddenly hard when topics he was most passionate about arose. Around the eyes begins to form the familiar outline of his delicate facial features: the curve of his jawline, the small arch on the bridge of his nose, the wrinkles of his forehead when he was in deep thought, and the curtain of shaggy blonde locks covering his eyebrows. Even if I tried, that face could not be removed from my memory. It was the face that plagued both my dreams and my nightmares. The face that I had taken so much time to study. Especially after the Quell had been announced, I remind myself again, wincing. Especially after I betrayed Gale. Heart in my throat, I squeak out his name, uttering the first word I have said in who knows how long, "Peeta". The nausea from earlier resurfaces and I ease my quivering body back down onto the narrow hospital bed. I am so consumed by my thoughts that I fail to notice how the beeping of the machine beside me has drastically picked up its pace. The calming metronome of what I now realize is a heart monitor has spiraled out of control. Flashes of red and green and yellow dot my eyes and nearly blind me as I suddenly begin to thrash around in the bed, ripping tubes from my wrists and my nasal cavities and clawing at what is left of my broken heart. They won't take me, I decide. I'd rather die now than let them take me. A swarm of men and women in white surround my bed, shouting commands at each other that even I can barely hear over my shrieks. Two burly men pin me down by the arms. One grabs me directly over Johanna's wound and triggers a shooting pain that transfers all the way into my brain. I scream louder and attempt to jerk my head up to bite one of the men in white. But as I do, I catch a glimpse of a familiar untucked tail of a shirt. Prim's eyes are wide, her face is frantic, but her hands remain steady as she injects a syringe into my back. Whether or not my sister has betrayed me or the Capitol is continuing to toy with my mind, I do not know. Because my world suddenly goes black once again. THGTHGTHG When I awake, the beeping has once again steadied. The tubes have been restored to my arms and face and the sheets on my bed have been folded over my chest snuggly instead of sitting at a mangled heap at my feet. My mind, however, has not erased the image of what appeared to be my sister assisting in knocking me out amidst a swarm of white lab suits. No, I think. Prim would never join the Capitol willingly. I shudder at the thought of my sister being used as a human prop in my death plot. I groan and there is a light knock on the door. I suspect a doctor coming to take a look at the might-as-well-be-dead girl and resist even bothering to go through the effort of lifting my head. Instead, I turn to face the wall, away from the intruder. I'll take any opportunity to act in defiance that I can muster up. "Oh good, you're up," the sing-songy, almost mocking tone of Finnick Odair chimes. My eyes become unblinking orbs and I rocket upward once again. The room starts to spin and Finnick's strong hands are on either side of me, steadying me and preventing me from falling out of the bed. "Careful, Katniss. Katniss, it's me. It's Finnick," he says soothingly. I brush a wisp of hair from my eyes and peer into his own eyes, as blue as the ocean he calls home. There is relief, happiness, and a twinge of guilt in his gaze. He is roaming free, and as far as I know, he is not coming at me with any syringes. He seems safe. I am not letting down my guard, however. If the Capitol is behind this and has control of Prim, who's to say Finnick Odair, the Capitol's pet himself, isn't involved? Yet, at the same time, the way he stares me down sincerely leads me to trust him, even if it causes just a little crack in the armor. There are suddenly so many questions I want to ask him about where we are, who has us captive, where the others are. Where specifically one other is. But my thought's jumble together like a newfangled knot and all I can utter out is a meek, "What's going on?" Finnick laughs. The sound is airy, like his belly laugh as he taunted with me with a sugar cube just weeks before the Quell, but there is a tentative undertone in his laughter that is now unmistakable. "You probably have a lot of questions. I know I did. Let's get you into a chair and I'll take you to see Haymitch." Haymitch. A face that I had forgotten to think about before suddenly ravishes my memory with hope. If Haymitch is in my proximity, Finnick, myself, and even Peeta must be safe, right. After Finnick wheels me down several unfamiliar corridors that resemble neither District Twelve nor the Capitol, I am brought into what appears to be a control room with my once trustworthy mentor, a woman with a taught, wrinkly face and pristine white hair, and Plutarch Heavensbee, the creator of the arena that I destroyed. "There she is: Sleeping Beauty!" Haymitch drunkenly jokes, whiskey still in his hand. His alcoholism is sadly the only thing in my life that has remained consistent since my awakening. He stands and tumbles toward me, but I curl into myself and impulsively reach for Finnick's arm. Finnick, however, has disappeared from my side and has taken a place at the table beside the older woman. My hands ball themselves into fists, and I venomously repeat the question I asked Finnick earlier to Haymitch, "What's going on?" "Ms. Everdeen, allow me to explain," says the woman, rising from her place at the table and obviously sensing the hunger in my eyes as I think