Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of the characters used in this story except Scarlett. For the past 200 years I have scoured the earth searching for the one who could complete me. Just a glimpse of the angel that's been haunting my dreams for the last 1000 years. It's like she only exists in my subconscious. I can see her perfectly – her midnight black hair, her mesmerising golden eyes, her pixie-like face, everything. She's perfect. Now, I just need to find her Chapter One 'Beep beep beep!' I groaned as the annoying beeping dragged me from my dream. Once again it had been filled with the face of an angel. I forced myself out of bed, determined to get to school on time for a change; even though I'd been through the school system countless times, I always had trouble getting up in the mornings. Dragging myself out of bed, I walked sluggishly over to the walk in wardrobe. I'd never really been a fan of fashion but over the years I had collected various articles of clothing that I refused to get rid of. Glancing around at the clothes hanging up I decided to go with something simple, dark wash skinny jeans, a white long sleeved t-shirt, matching white lace underwear and a dark blue cardigan. I set the clothes down on one of the counters in the bathroom before removing my pyjamas and stepping into the shower. Water had always had a calming effect on me ever since I was little, even before everything happened. Brushing away that thought, my angels face once again appeared in my mind's eye. I was here in Forks due to one of my more recent dreams. It consisted of a yellow Porsche driving passed a sign saying 'Welcome to Forks' with a hint of a familiar face in the wing mirror of the car. After that I packed my bags and got on the next flight to Seattle. Cold water shocked me out of my reverie, causing me to groan once more at the thought of getting ready. It had always been a daunting task, my hair never did what I wanted it too. Quickly putting on my chosen clothes I stepped back into my room, trying to prepare myself for the task ahead. I walked over to my vanity table and sat down reluctantly. The person looking back at me was undoubtedly beautiful, unnaturally so, with sapphire blue eyes, raven black hair which tumbled down her back in uncontrollable curls, and a face which was both innocent and alluring. Yet her eyes seemed like they were searching for something, something which could fix everything, put the broken pieces of her soul back together again and make the pain go away. Years of loneliness could be seen lingering in the blue depths. It was a look I'd seen reflecting back at me for too long. Sighing, I set to work readying myself for the day lingering on the horizon just waiting to crush my hopes once again of finding my angel; after searching the earth for 200 years now I was losing hope that I would ever find her. 20 minutes later I emerged from my room ready to go with hair still in its usual unruly mess. Walking into the kitchen I grabbed my bag off the back of a chair reaching into it and pulling out my water bottle. Being what I am I constantly needed to stay hydrated or my dark blue eyes would become lighter in colour to till they appeared almost white; completely white eyes are normally a dead giveaway that you're not completely normal so I try to avoid it. After drinking my fill and filling up my bottle, I tucked it away into my bag again and headed for the front door. Stepping out into the cold autumn air I hurried quickly over to my Jaguar XK. That car was my pride and joy and I'd had it for three years now. After wandering the earth for around 200 years you learn a thing or two about car maintenance so my baby still looks like new. The drive to Forks High was quick and was over too soon for my liking. Driving at the speed I do you can only really see blurs of the scenery outside, but the green of Forks was truly stunning. The school itself however, was the opposite; a collection of dully painted buildings. Students were standing in groups around cars under their umbrellas, unconsciously isolating those who, like myself, didn't exactly fit into any of their groups. Ok, I thought to myself, you can do this, it's just like all the other schools you've been too. My 'pep talk' worked seemingly well as a brief wave of confidence washed over my and before I knew it I was opening the car door and stepping out into the rain. The car park was buzzing with curiosity with students whispering to each other about the arrival of the 'new girl'. Voices sounded all around me, their conversations ringing clearly in my ears. "Who is she?" "I didn't know there was a new student." "She is hot!" "I bet she loves the attention, I mean look at her." Rolling my eyes at the pettiness of some people nowadays, I made my way towards the building which appeared to be the office. Being out of the cold was nice, but I found that my body was calling out for the relaxing pitter-patter of the rain drops against my skin. "Hello, I'm Scarlett Grant, I was told to come here to collect my timetable?" My English accent sounded melodically as I spoke. The woman behind the desk glanced up at me, eyes wide at the sound of my voice. I internally sighed, humans always seemed shocked when I spoke whether it be the accent or the harmonic sound of it. "Oh yes, umm, I was informed of your arrival only this morning so give me a second please." She said this while rooting around on her desk, apparently looking for my papers. "Ah-ha." She said when she emerged, papers in hand. "Here we have your schedule, a map of the school and a slip you need to have your teachers sign before returning it to me at the end of the day." After handing me the papers the woman's eyes became almost fixed on my face, something which happened quite often, not to toot my own horn or anything but a nice face was very common amongst my kind. The cold air struck my face as I pushed the door open once more. The smell of rain was predominant all around, however there was an undertone of something… sweet? Yes, it was something sweet. I looked around the parking lot trying to find the source of the smell; it's not often something other than the smell of food peaks my interest like this. My naturally inquisitive mind was working in overdrive when my eyes failed to locate the origin of the scent. Sighing, I decided that my search was futile and after taking a quick look at my freshly printed map, I walked swiftly in the direction of my first lesson and passed the lingering students. The inside of the building was similar to the outside, painted a faded shade of white with minimal photos and posters lining the walls. My hopes for this place swiftly diminishing, doing nothing for my rapidly depleting faith in my dreams; you'd think that there would be something interesting about this place to draw in a person like my angel. Apparently not. Luckily for me the room I was supposed to be in was one of the first I passed. After a quick glance through the little window in the door I realised I must've taken longer walking than I thought as the lesson had already began. Mentally berating myself for hesitating again, I took a deep breath before pushing the door open and drawing everyone's eyes to me. I felt a blush appear on my cheeks as I stepped further into the room. "I'm Scarlett Grant, my timetable said I'm in this room now?" My accent, one again causing eyes to widen slightly. The teacher visibly shook his head before replying, "Ah yes, I was told this morning to expect you, you can take a seat next to James Harrison over there." A pale hand shot into the air, causing my eyes to jump in that direction. The person attached to the hand was handsome for a human, I'd give him that, with chocolate brown hair styled almost exactly like Justin Biebers. Underneath the hair was a pair of green eyes which would have been quite nice if the lustful look in them would disappear. My legs carried me towards his desk near the back reluctantly. He gave me a wide smile as I sat down, which I returned with a lopsided grin; a natural response unfortunately. "Harrison, James Harrison." He offered his hand, which I grasped a hold of and shook firmly to avoid seeming rude before replying, "Grant, Scarlett Grant. What's with the Bond, James Bond thing? Is it because of the accent?" He chuckled slightly, "I'm just a fan of Bond. So what's a girl like you doing in a place like this?" My brows furrowed, "A girl like what?" "A girl as gorgeous as you belongs some place more exciting than this lame town, like Florida or California. Not that I'm complaining, you're smoking hot and sitting next to me." I rolled my eyes at his comment, "I don't like places like that, I prefer the rain." I turned away from him and opened my notebook ready to take pointless notes on something I'd been over countless times before. The lesson passed by quickly after that, we just went over the things we would be looking at this coming year. When the bell finally rang, a sigh of relief escaped my lips as I reached down for my bag. As I packed my stuff away James spoke up, "What do you have next? Do you want an escort?" I shuddered slightly at that thought, "I have gym, and no thanks, I think I saw the gym on my way over here so I know where I have to go. Besides, I wouldn't want you to be late to your next lesson. " James thought for a second, "I guess you're right, but you at least have to sit with me and my friends at lunch, you might meet some of them in gym next." Damn, there's no getting away from this guy, I thought before answering, "Sure, I'll see you later then." And with that I grabbed my bag and walked out of the classroom. When I stepped out into the bustling corridor I was struck by how strong the sweet smell now was. What is that? I thought as I looked up and down the hallway. Nothing out of the ordinary, friends talking, couples kissing, people walking, you know, the usual for high school. I shook my head to clear my thoughts and set off towards the gym. Along the way heads turned to watch me much to my chagrin. I wish they would leave me alone, I rolled my eyes. It's not that I don't appreciate their attention, it's just that after 200 years of the same look it got kind of annoying, however if the look was coming from my angel I would gladly see it every day for the rest of my existence. Before I knew it I was stood outside the changing rooms talking to the Gym teacher. "You can borrow some kit for today, but you'll have to bring something in tomorrow. You can just wear sweatpants and a vest top like the other girls if you'd like, this kit is meant for the soccer team." Immediately I knew that that was what I