'Hearing Damage' Disclaimer: In its use of intellectual property and characters belonging to Stephenie Meyer, David Slayde, Wyck Godfrey, Greg Mooridian, Mark Morgan, Melissa Rosenberg, Summit Entertainment, Imprint Entertainment, Temple Hill Productions, Goldcrest Films, Maverick Films, Twilight Productions et cetera, this work is intended to be transformative commentary on the original. No profit is being made from this work. Any similarities to other fanfiction stories are completely coincidental. A/N: This is my first shot at writing a Twilight story, and despite all the bad rep they get I feel very motivated! I tried to make the time line as similar to the movie as I could, and while the dates are all shifted in terms of years I have made Tehya's starting age 16 and the year 2007. Seth is also newly 16, meaning he has already phased after Harry's death (caused by Leah's shifting) and we are starting just before the events of Eclipse. Your speakers are blowing, Your ears are wrecking, Your hearing damage, You wish you felt better, You wish you felt better. -Thom Yorke, 'Hearing Damage' March 15th, 2007 My mother was dead. My beautiful, strong, shining beam of light had been snuffed out and taken from the earth at the age of 56, courtesy of an inoperable tumor in her brain. It had tortured her for years, mercilessly infecting her with its rapidly reproducing cancerous cells until it had finally extinguished her completely. My rock, my everything - was gone, and without her I felt truly alone. The only memory I had left of her was in my father, who she had divorced from many years ago and who I wasn't sure if I was ready to involve myself in fully again. There seemed to be no one left to guide me in my life. No replacement, no worthy comparable advice – nothing. No amount of counselors or therapists or legal assistants trying to help me organize the paperwork for her funeral arrangements and the house plans could unfreeze the numbness that had settled inside of me. Cancer didn't just affect the victim. Cancer affected the entire family – or in this case, me – everyone who cared about the victim and their long, beautiful life. Cancer was a cruel, unbeatable bitch, and I hated it more than anything else in the whole world. The after effects of my mother's death were swift and ruthless, in my opinion. Almost immediately after the doctor declared the time of death in the hospital room she was whisked away from me, off to unknown parts that I did not ask nor want to be informed of. I had held her hand right to the very end, having refused to leave her side for the previous three months that she had been in the terminal ward. The doctors were not strangers to this sort of behavior, and had given me plenty of helpful 'resources' for accepting a loss in the family. I had left the hospital with at least ten 'dealing with grief' pamphlets in my shaking hands, each one titled similarly and making me all the angrier. I dumped them in the first garbage can I spotted, and nearly ran back to my house. I couldn't accept this. I couldn't accept her death. My mother had left plans for me to live with my father in her stead, and originally when I heard the plan I had felt as though it was impossible to ever live Vancouver. It had become my home, but now I wasn't so sure. Moving back to La Push seemed more realistic than ever; there was nothing left for me here except for painful memories. I still couldn't accept her death when the appointed psychologist showed up at my door, ready to speak to me about whatever I desired even though we both knew that the conversation would lead to one topic no matter what. I couldn't accept it when my father started calling trying to get a hold of me, no doubt having recently heard the information that his ex-wife had passed. I couldn't accept it when I finally got a call from some funeral office in the West end of Vancouver – our ever so rainy weather now seemed more than appropriate – that was attempting to begin making funeral arrangements. I nearly gagged before hanging up the phone, nausea rising in my stomach at the prospect of seeing my mother's lifeless body again. I didn't want to accept it. But they kept calling. And I knew that I couldn't just leave my mother without a proper funeral. About a week later I decided that I wanted a private service, and ended up responding to my father's many calls only to shakily let him know that if he wanted to reach my hometown of Vancouver and attend the funeral, then he was obviously welcome. My father, a tall and thin Aboriginal man who held the position of one of the council leaders in the Quileute tribe down in Forks, Washington, had immediately agreed. We were Quileute by blood and had lived on the reserve at La Push many years ago, but as the years went by and my mother had divorced my father, she and I had moved out to British Columbia in Canada and hadn't looked back. We had lived a wonderful life, with my mother supporting me through high schooling with her job as a psychologist. We had been ready to start planning for Christmas – even began looking at ticket prices to go to the Bahamas. But everything had been lost, and now the only thing I could cling to was a father who I hadn't seen in years and who I imagined had very little in common with besides the death of my mother. The worst part was that she had divorced him. He had tried to keep in contact with me through phone calls and Christmas gifts, but had always felt that he didn't want to bother the family who seemingly didn't want anything to do with him anymore. I had been too young to understand at the time of the divorce – at the ripe age of six I didn't understand anything – so when my mom wont the custody battle we all but physically vanished from my father's life and he was forced to deal with it. I was too numb to confront any of my own emotions in this matter, but I recognized the unfairness of it all. Several days before the funeral – I had left most of the arrangements to the funeral parlor as I knew that the only ones there would be myself and my father – I went to pick my father up at Vancouver National Airport. His flight had departed at night and lasted only a mere two hour, so it was still nighttime when I took a cab to meet him. "Dad!" I immediately recognized Harold Bryant as soon as he stepped out of the baggage check area and signaled to him, noticing how well he had aged. I wasn't exactly sure how to react to a man that I hadn't seen in ten years, so I remained calm and stoic. "Hey Dad." He still wore his classic tie that his mother had made him, and the all too familiar itchy blazer that smelt of dirt and brush. Although the circles under his eyes gave away his stress and lack of rest, his eyes still managed to light up when they saw me. He had a small suitcase in tow, obviously not having planned to stay in Vancouver for long. "Tehya," He rumbled in the familiar low baritone of the elders before enveloping me in a large hug. "I'm so sorry, my love." I wasn't sure if he was apologizing for all the years he had stayed away – he had been too afraid to approach my mother after the divorce partially because he hadn't wanted to be shooed away and partially because he didn't want to cause any turmoil in our lives – or if he was simply empathizing over my mother's sudden death, but either way I accepted the hug and tried not to over think the gesture. When I was six and had left La Push to move to Vancouver with my mother, it hadn't occurred to me the type of pain that the move had put my father through. The custody battle would have been difficult enough for him to deal with, but to rip away his only daughter force him to phone her once a month at six years old was rather...cruel. I briefly began to wonder if my mother had told him to stay away, in which case I grew frustrated with the both of them – my mother because she had taken me away from my father, and my father because he hadn't even tried to come and watch me grow up. It had been ten years since I had seen this man. Ten years with a vacant father figure, filled in only temporarily with monthly phone calls and Christmas presents. I had received many phone calls over the years and relied on them heavily, dealing with the fact that perhaps I would see him when I was much older. That date had come sooner than expected. All of this internal thinking and debate, of course, had been sparked by the tragic course of events that had now placed my father right in front of me. "You have your mother's eyes, Tehya." My father suddenly pulled back from our long hug and held my cheeks in between his hands, causing me to freeze up in momentary shock. I hadn't expected this type of behavior in the first several minutes of our meeting, and didn't know how to react besides stare up at him wide-eyed. Upon noticing my discomfort, my father withdrew his hands and apologized, grabbing at his luggage so that we could move away from the terminal and into a cab. No words were exchanged as I hailed the vehicle and we slipped inside, creating a sort of awkward silent vacuum of negative noise. "Destination?" The cab driver questioned after we had cleared the terminal departures parking area. "45 North Hampton Street, please." I directed him, watching him punch the address into his GPS and take off at a faster pace now that he knew where he was going. The silence in the cab grew even more annoying as I realized I didn't even really have the nerve to look at my father. I felt...partially numb. My father's presence had made me feel a little less alone, but talking to a father on the phone for ten years didn't make up for the absence of that figure in real life. All I could think about was that with all those years on the phone I hadn't even bothered to ask the questions that had really mattered. They were all coming up now, jamming my already jammed-up brain with shouts and concerns about how this relationship with my father was going to proceed now that he was the sole parental figure in my life. I didn't know what to say...I didn't know how to react. "What happened with school?" My father broke the awkward silence boldly, and I finally met his green eyes as they connected with my dark brown ones. I mentally thanked him for being courteous enough to not bring up my mother as his first subject of conversation. Breathe, Tehya. I reminded myself. You've talked to him on the phone for ten years – this is just an in-person version. Come on. "Istoppedgoing." I breathed out all at once, not having realized that I was holding in a breath for a good thirty seconds before I had spoken. Perhaps I had been a bit more anxious to see my father after so long than I had originally presumed. "I'm sorry?" My father kindly asked me to repeat myself,