Hi everyone! Since it's Halloween I think this is the perfect date to post this. This has been a very long project that I've been writing for almost two years now, so obviously it's a story I really care about and I hope you all will enjoy it. It's very long so I have a few chapters ready, hopefully my writing will always be ahead from the updates so you don't have to wait long, so far I'm thinking a chapter per week, let's see how that goes. So for now we're going to start at Harry childhood, but as soon as the important stuff happens I will skip time a bit more so we can get to book one. And yes, it's gonna be Drarry, if you don't like it, I'm sorry, but I'm trying my best to make this natural, so even if you don't really like slash, at least give it a try, who knows. Also this is my first fanfiction in English, so if you find anything wrong, please just notify me, I'm trying to do my best, but mistakes happen. So let's get on with this and if you're interest on reading my thoughts on the things I modified from canon, read my end notes. The ties between us Chapter One: Harry Potter Draco Malfoy was a lonely boy, he was very well loved by his parents, he had a close relationship with his godfather and he even got a few friends that would visit him from time to time, but still something never felt quite right, he always supposed it was because he was alone most of the time. His father, Lucius Malfoy, wasn't a warm and loving person, but he would always spend time with his son and give him a few smiles and, sometimes, if Draco was really good and his father was in a good mood, he would let Draco sleep with the head on his lap. Narcisa Malfoy, on the other hand, was a very loving mother, if only no one was looking, she was the one who spent more time with Draco, because different from Lucius she didn't have work outside of the manor they lived in, but despise how much she loved her son, she couldn't give him the same interaction that children have with each other. Close by the manor there was a village with a few children, but Draco wasn't allowed to play with them because they were all muggles and he was a Malfoy and Malfoys don't get close to this kind of filth. In fact, the only reason why there was a muggle village close to Malfoy Manor was because they needed to hide the fact Mr. Malfoy was a death eater, because back on the war it was very useful to attest they weren't involved with the Dark Lord using the muggle village as example. Despise being all a disguise, Mr. Malfoy always had a close eye on the village, making sure none of the residents would give him trouble or get too close to the manor and other wizard business. To keep them even more distant he would also make sure none of the residents had magical children or family connections to wizards, the only exception was Mr. Gabbour, a squib that would play the role of mayor of the little village and tell Mr. Malfoy when someone new had arrived or any other problem that would concern the wizard. In the few visits Mr. Malfoy made to the man, Draco would always try to convince his father to let him go too, sometimes being successful, so he could look at the other children around and the funny little houses they lived in. It was one of the days that Severus was visiting his godson that an owl from Mr. Gabbour arrived in the manor. Mr. Malfoy read the letter and an ugly expression showed in his face. "Bad news?" Asked Snape not truly interested. "Maybe, apparently the woman who moved to the village last month invited her family over to see the new house, they have arrived earlier today" "Does he think there will be a problem?" "He said it might, which is not good enough" "Considering how disgusting she sounded when you described her…" "Exactly, I will have to go down there" Very annoyed about it all, Lucius stood up from his place. "Hopefully it won't take too long" "Can I go with you, father?" said Draco looking up from the book his godfather had just presented him minutes ago. "Severus came to see you, you shall spend time with him" Draco didn't say anything further, but it was clear to Severus that Draco wanted to go with his father. "I think we could all do with a walk, it's a lovely day" In truth, Severus didn't want to say anything, he wasn't interested in going anywhere close to the pet village the Malfoys had, but it did concern him the amount of time Draco spend on his own locked inside the house. He knew the boy only wanted to get out of the house for a bit and he thought he could do this for him if only this once. "Very well. Go and change, Draco" With a nod, the boy vanished from the room as fast as would be acceptable, before his father could change his mind. Soon the trio was at Mr. Gabbour doorsteps looking very strange in such a muggle place. "Mr. Malfoy!" Welcomed Mr. Gabbour, for which Lucius gave a short nod and started following the man, but stopping as he notice Severus not moving. "Not coming?" "Your business, I'm more interested in looking around" It was a lie, but Severus did not care if Lucius would notice or not, he wasn't interested in listening to the conversation. Without saying anything else the two man entered the house and Severus finally turned to look at Draco. The boy was looking around clearly wanting to walk around and explore. "Come, let's have a walk" Draco didn't say a thing, but Severus could see through his eyes that he was really excited to be able to walk around the muggle village. He knew this was a bad thing, Lucius would not be pleased if his son started having an interest in muggles, but he supposed, considering Draco was only five, that he was going to grow out of it eventually. In fact Severus was so distracted with his thoughts that he didn't notice that Draco wasn't following him anymore. Draco was looking around very happy to finally be able to have a proper look around and to be able to see parts of the village he hadn't seen so far. He looked at this godfather a few times and notice he didn't appear very interest, in fact Draco suspected that Severus knew he wanted to look around and that was why he found a way for them to do it, sometimes Draco was sure his godfather understood him like no one else. The two of them were almost in the end of one of the village's streets when Draco notice two boys with ages not far from his own, he always loved when he found other children in the way to Mr. Gabbour's house, he knew he shouldn't because they were muggles and because in the end he would just be frustrated that he wasn't allowed to play with them anyway. Stopping on the street, Draco started to analyze the two boys, one was very small, probably younger than him and with clothes too big to be his own, the other one was the exactly opposite, he was big, even bigger than Draco, and he was very fat for such a young age, Draco was hopping the boy was at least a year or two older than him, because he was too big. One thing that caught his attention thought was the way the small boy was walking backwards until he bumped into a wall, it was clear to him that he was scared of the bigger boy. Draco twisted his nose, as if something smelled bad, and looked at Severus to see if he had notice what was going on with the two boy, but as he did so, he noticed that his godfather was nowhere in sight and that meant he was in big trouble. He was just going to leave the place to go after his godfather before his father found out the two of them got separated, when he saw the bigger boy hitting the small one on the stomach in what looked like a very painful punch. Making out his mind Draco walked to the two boys. "What do you think you're doing?" Said Draco in what he hoped was a good impersonation of his father but only managing to sound arrogant and not powerful. The two boys looked at him startled by someone else noticing them, but as soon as they gave a proper look to Draco their reactions were very different. The small boy looked scared as hell and looked at Draco as if he was the maddest person he had ever seen, the bigger boy, on the other hand, smiled, contended that Draco was smaller than him. "Who do you think you are?" Said the bigger boy sounding very arrogant and full of himself. "I am Draco Malfoy" Draco was sure that as soon as the boy knew who he was he was going to back down, he might not know about wizards, but the people on the village all knew the Malfoys were an important family and owner of the lands around the village, well, actually he was owner of the village too, but that was a small thing that the muggles didn't need to know. But none of the boys recognized the name, in fact the bigger boy laughed. "Seems like you found your lost brother, freak, he is just as weird as you" Said the bigger boy looking at the smaller one. Draco didn't completely understand what the boy was saying, but he knew he had just being called a freak and that was unacceptable. But before he could give him a piece of his mind the whale grabbed him. "Wanna play with us?" the boy talked with his face so close to Draco's that he could smell the bad breath that made his stomach feel strange, but the boy didn't seem to notice as he gave Draco a smirk. "How dare you…." Draco was still fusing in the boys hand, trying to break free when they notice someone approaching. "What is going on here?" As Severus deep voice filled their ears, the boy let go of Draco and looked up a bit scared, clearly looking for some kind of excuse, but it was clear to Draco, that he wasn't going to be successful and so he smirked back to the boy. "This boy was causing trouble" said Draco feeling very smugly. "That's a lie! You are the one who came to provoke us! Look, sir, how my cousin is all scared" "He is scared because you were punching him!" Said Draco losing a bit of his cool, that boy was truly what his father would call a true slytherin (if only he wasn't a muggle). How dare he have the nerve to blame him! Draco looked up to see how his godfather was going to react when he saw a funny look in his face as he looked to the small boy, he them turned to the small boy, but couldn't figure out what could have caused such reaction, maybe it was the too big clothes and the funny glasses? Whatever it was, Severus wasn't saying anything and Draco was getting really annoyed, he looked around, hoping for some kind of miracle to happen when he saw his father and Mr. Gabbour walking on their direction. The bigger boy, that also noticed the two man