A/N – I'm still writing Unbuttoned. I'm still writing Burnt. I'm even still working on Not a Freak. This story just appeared to me out of nowhere two days ago. In other words, I got jumped by a Plot Bunny and it's rabid. It might not work out, but I like it so far. Hope you do too. Summary: What happens when a brain damaged Harry and a transgender Hermione both get sorted into Slytherin? Snape's not sure, but he thinks it's likely to be an interesting term. This story follows various first years through the trials of their first year. Prologue The boy wasn't anything like he'd expected. Certainly, he had the glasses, and when he turned, Severus could see those damning green eyes staring wide eyed back at him, but the similarities ended there. Blue dreadlocks? What on earth was the boy thinking? Nor was that the only oddity. Harry walked with a slight limp, his shoes undone and on the wrong feet. His tie was askew, and upon further examination, Severus saw that his robes were inside out. When he got closer to the head table, Severus could see that his eyes were not only wide, but they were slightly glazed. Somewhat alarmed at the child's appearance, he spared a glance down the table at Albus, only to see him staring down at Potter with a similar look of surprise. Abruptly stopping in front of the hat, Harry cocked his head to the side as though listening to something no one else could hear. A moment passed where no one spoke, they only stared, barely breathing as they waited for something to happen. That something happened when Harry laughed. It was little more than a giggle, but it frightened Severus deeply. Something is wrong with the boy, was his repeated thought. It was at that point that Minerva reached out to touch Potter on the shoulder. They watched as he looked up and blinked in what seemed like surprise. "Hi," was the boy's strangely innocent reply. "Do you like cats?" The student body responded to that with a burst of nervous laughter. Of all the things to ask their Transfigurations professor! "Put this on," Minerva answered instead, handing Potter the Sorting Hat, her lips creased in worry. Harry put the hat on as in instructed, not bothering to sit on the stool. Severus would have dearly liked to hear what went on between Harry and the Hat, especially after hearing its decision. "SLYTHERIN!" The hat called out after some deliberation. And then something happened that Severus had never witnessed. "Minerva, if you would?" The Sorting Hat asked out loud . Minerva looked back at the head table with a shocked expression before regaining her composure. She quickly took the hat from Potter's head and then when the boy didn't move, she turned him around and gave him a gentle push in the right direction. Chapter 1 – First Meetings ' The headmaster has issued a decree that all house heads are to have one-on-one sessions with all of the first years. As if this weren't bad enough, he also informed us that they are to occur once a week until the end of the year.' Severus paused and took a measured sip of firewhiskey. His letter's recipient was a very old friend of his named Hadwyn Long. Both a healer and a dragon worker, Hadwyn often sent him bizarre stories of his daily experiences, and Severus had a feeling that the upcoming school year would likely be just as strange, if not stranger. ' Despite all evidence to the contrary,' Severus continued, 'the headmaster insists that it has nothing to do with the strange sorting of Harry Potter into Slytherin of all places. He also insists that his decision has nothing to do Potter's supposed sanity—or lack thereof. Of course, I asked him in private whether he had any care for my continued sanity, but he was strangely serious and refused to discuss the topic in any more depth. I daresay that this will be an interesting year.' . . . Date: 3 September, 1991 House: Hufflepuff Student Name: Morag MacDougal Sprout: I want to let you know that you are welcome to come to me at anytime. You don't have to be limited to only these scheduled times. Morag: Thanks, ma'am. I appreciate it. Initial impression: 'Morag seems nervous, which is perfectly understandable, but there is also an air of sadness around her that I can't quite put my finger on.' Sprout: How are you settling in? Do you like your roommates? Morag: They're both pretty nice. Hannah and Susan been really friendly with me. Sprout: And Sally-Anne? Morag: Ah, she's just shy I think. Sprout: Have you heard from your family? Written notes: 'It seems that I have inadvertently stumbled onto the issue. Morag immediately slouches farther down in her chair, and frowns quite unhappily at my inquiry.' Morag: Some. A bit. I've already gotten one note from my mum . . . Sprout: But? Morag: It's silly. Sprout: Not to me. Tell me. Morag: My sister didn't get a letter. End Notes: 'I didn't get much out of Morag after she admitted that her sister didn't receive a Hogwarts letter, but she did let it slip that they are twins. I know that this sometimes happens, but I do wish that it wouldn't. She is really rather distressed.' . . . Date: 3 September, 1991 House: Hufflepuff Student Name: Hannah Abbott Sprout: And how are you settling in, my dear? Hannah: Quite well, thank you. Initial impressions: 'Hannah seems like a well-adjusted and happy child. I hope she proves to be a good friend to some of those who haven't yet settled in.' Sprout: How are you liking your roommates, Ms. Bones and Ms. Perks? Hannah: Oh Susan is very nice. She's already suggested that we study together, and I think that's a splendid idea. We talked Sally-Anne into studying with us, because she seems a bit lost. I don't think she likes it here yet. Sprout: And how do you feel about being here? Hannah: Hogwarts is lovely! It's so mysterious and silly and there's so much history in it. I can't wait to learn more about it. End Notes: Hannah seems to be doing very well indeed. You can find the rest of this session's transcript farther down on the scroll, but it is more of the same. I think Hannah will be a strong leader in Hufflepuff as she gets older. . . . Date: 3 September, 1991 House: Hufflepuff Student Name: Justin Finch-Fletchley Sprout: How are you settling in? Justin: Well enough, I suppose. Initial impressions: 'Justin is painfully formal in his interactions with both me and the other children. I suspect that Morag's conclusion that he is shy is quite spot on. I fear that some of the other children will find him stuck up, though.' Sprout: Have you heard from your family? Justin: [laughter] Sprout: Are you well dear? Justin: My family groomed me for Eton, and now that I'm not going there, they no longer have anything to talk about with the neighbours. I think it's probably rather quiet in the house now. Sprout: Do you think they're disappointed in you? Justin: I can hardly think otherwise. End Notes: ' A home visit may be in order. Perhaps I shall introduce them to some of the other muggle borns' parents. I hate the thought that my badger is suffering.' . . . Date: 4 September, 1991 House: Ravenclaw Student Name: Lisa Turpin Flitwick: You look tired. Are you not sleeping well? Lisa: Not very well, no sir. Initial impressions: 'She is completely exhausted, yet unable to sit still. Strange.' Flitwick: Perhaps a check up with Madame Pomfrey would be advisable. Lisa: [shakes her head in the negative] Flitwick: Tell me what's happening then. Lisa: Padma gets up too early. Mandy grinds her teeth. And Sabrina talks in her sleep. Written notes: 'I must remember to speak to Poppy regarding Ms. Brockleburst's teeth grinding.' Flitwick: Ah, I see. I can see why that might make for a poor sleeping situation! Here, let me show you a very simple charm for blocking sound . . . End Notes: 'I wonder if she will have new complaints next week?' . . . Date: 4 September, 1991 House: Ravenclaw Student Name: Sabrina Fawcett Flitwick: I see from your records that you are muggle born and that you live with your grandmother. Tell me, how are you adjusting to life here at Hogwarts? Sabrina: The food is great. Gram is a great lady, but sometimes it's better that I cook if I want to eat. I really want to learn more about cooking charms. I mean, I know that I can't use them at home until I come of age, but . . . Initial impressions: 'She is avoiding something. Perhaps I should find out what happened to her parents.' Flitwick: There are some simple cleanup charms that can be learned wandlessly. Depending on your power usage and frequency of casting, you can usually get away with using them at home, provided no one sees. Here, write this down . . . End Notes: 'She seemed unexpectedly relieved when I allowed her to continue on the cooking angle.' . . . Date: 4 September, 1991 House: Ravenclaw Student Name: Michael Corner Flitwick: Ah, Mr. Corner, how is Hogwarts suiting you? Initial impressions: 'Michael is difficult to read. He is friendly to a fault, but quietly intense—not entirely unusual in Ravenclaw. I wonder what he's interested in.' Michael: I think that I'm fitting in pretty well. Terry and Anthony are really nice, and we've already started studying together in some subjects. The girls want to join us, but Mandy and Lisa are bad at being quiet and since we study in the library most of the time, that really doesn't work. I don't want to come off as callous, but most girls really annoy me. Flitwick: You only mentioned Ms. Turpin and Ms. Brocklehurst. How do you feel about Ms. Fawcett and Ms. Patil? Michael: Eh, Sabrina's alright. [He shrugs.] She doesn't talk much, but she studies a lot. I don't think she's interested in studying with us. Padma usually studies with her sister, though if I had to spend that much time with a Gryffindor, I'd probably wig out. [He laughs.] Flitwick: Already annoyed with Gryffindor? Michael: They're impossible to work with. You always know when they come into the library because Madame Pince has to shush and threaten them a whole lot. End Notes: 'Michael has taken on the persona of many Ravenclaws with far too much enthusiasm, especially regarding our less than wholesome qualities. It is worth keeping an eye on.' . . . Date: 5 September, 1991 House: Gryffindor Student Name: Ronald Weasley McGonagall: Well Mr. Weasley, how do you like Hogwarts thus far? Ron: It's great. I mean, I miss mum and dad and my little sister, but I like seeing Fred and George more often. McGonagall: And your brother, Percy? Ron: Yeah well, can't win everything, can I? Hey, I'm not really serious! Initial impressions: 'Sometimes I envy Severus with his Weasley free house.' McGonagall: How do you like your classes? Ron: Eh, they're ok. I like learning as much as the next bloke, but I wish there was more bang and boom and less thinking and theory and blah blah blah. No offence, ma'am. McGonagall: None taken. Have you made any friends yet? Ron: No best mates yet, if that's what you mean. I was really hoping that Harry Potter would be sorted into Gryffindor, but now he's a Snake and I'd probably receive a howler for being friends with a Slytherin. McGonagall: I very much doubt that. Your mother and father think very highly of Professor Snape, as well as a number of other Slytherin associated people. Perhaps you would like a list? Ron: Uh