hey! okay this is the sequel to Gale's Got Me Good. it's not really all depressing like the last one it's more family friendly, except for parts that are lemony. if you are not mature enough to handle words that are sometimes known as "the eliminatory outlets", then dont read. okay to make it easy on you, at the beginning of a chapter i'll put lemony if it is. oh glob im taking up to much time. okay, chapter one, im using wordpad...again, gale is the nice guy now, Beck Odair incase you didnt notice, his name means 'stream'. i know most people used finn, but i prefer to stand out. alright on with the chapter. enjoy! P.S - i dont own the dirty joke peeta tells katniss and i dont own the titanic, or the movie. { lemony } "Guys i'm back!" gale calls, the door closing behind him. i get up off the couch where Peeta and i were snuggling, and walk over to Gale, with Hunter in his arms. "hey, dinner is cooking now, it'll be done in about an hour or so" i say. "okay..here" he says handing me the baby. "hi baby, hii. i missed youuu, yes i did" i say to the baby. he laughs. he's ten months old now. i go back to the couch and take off his layers. luckily it didnt snow today, it was just really cold. i leave him in his shirt and pants. peeta takes him from me and plays with the baby, saying, "times up". i decide to go and see where Celine is. i find her in the study, on the computer. Beck is on the screen, he's not talking, rather doing sign language. Celine and Beck are best friends now, they video chat, and write each other letters. i walk over to my daughter, six years old now, and kneel next to her. "hi Beck" i say. "hi auntie Katniss!" he replies happily. "how are you sweety" i say. "gooood" he stretches it. "alright thats great, tell your mommy i said hi okay" i say. "okay" he replies and i leave out. when i enter the livingroom i find Gale and Peeta socializing. they never really talk, but now that Gale lives with us they thinks it's better they settle whats between them. i think it's a good i dea, i've forgiven Gale, and now Peeta's beginning to as well. "where's hunter" i ask. "walking around in his walker" gale replies. i nod and go to look for him. i find him at the bottom of the staircase, fussy because he cant go up them with his walker. i giggle and take him out, kicking the walker to the side. "c'mon baby" i say and set him at the bottom of the staircase. he begins to happily climb them, using his knees. i stay behind him incase he falls. when we make it to the top i let him continue crawling. he crawls down the hallway then stops and turns his head to see if im still here. when he sees i am he continues. he goes all the way to Gale's room and starts hitting the door with his hand. i open the door and he crawls in. he goes to the middle of the floor and sits down, playing with his blocks. i laugh, thats all he wanted. he's so smart. "da" he says quietly. i walk over to him and kneel down, what did he say. "da" he repeats it louder this time. "da...da...da...dada". i squeal in delight. this is the first time i've ever heard one of my children speak! celine has never spoken before, and neither has hunter, until now! next thing i now im calling Peeta and Gale upstairs and they come running immediatly. "he said his first words!" i exclaim. "what'd he say" gale asks frantically. "he said, dada" i reply smiling at him. "da dada dada" hunter says. they get excited and clap for him. hunter claps, copying the rest of us. "dada" hunter says again and holds his arms up to Gale. gale picks him up and tosses him into the air over and over. "goodjob hunter!" he says leaving out, back downstairs. i gather up the blocks in my shirt and go with Peeta downstairs. i set the blocks on the floor in the livingroom. gale puts the baby on the floor so he can play with them. peeta leaves the room and comes back with a bottle filled with milk. he gives it to hunter and hunter accepts it and leans back onto the couch drinking it. the oven beeps and peeta and i go to the kitchen. we take the cinnamon rolls out of the oven and tend to the stew on the stove. when dinner is ready we gather everybody up and eat, then dessert. i feed hunter little spoonfuls, blowing the food before giving it to him. he likes it. i give him his cinnamon roll and he eats it himself, making a big mess. it's only cute when they're babies. after dinner Gale takes hunter to get cleaned up. peeta and i tuck celine into bed, she has school tomorrow. goodnight sweetie , goodnight mommy. peeta puts his forehead to hers, then kisses her nose. her bright blue eyes somewhat glow in the dark. she hugs him and lays back down. i turn on her nightlight and we leave out, closing the door behind us. we go to our room and lock the door. peeta wraps his arms around me. "can i scetch you" he asks. "sure, you dont have to ask" i reply. "yeah i do, because...remember that movie we watched at Haymith's place. that ancient movie, i think it was, Titanic i think", "yeah it was titanic" i say. "I wanna do what Jack did, i wanna draw you". this makes me blush. in the movie jack drew rose, naked. i know Peeta has of course seen me naked before, but... the thought of him just staring at my body to sketch it on a peice of paper seems embarrasing. "i've done it before" he says. im taken aback, "to who!?". he laughs, "you. i cant help it sometimes, while your sleeping". "well if you've done it before then why are you asking?" i say trying to smile so i dont look irritated. "well because you were always under the blanket, so the only thing thats revealed in the picture might just be your leg, or part of your chest" he says. "can i see the papers" i ask. he smiles and goes into our closet. he grabs his sketchpad and hands it to me. i open it and on the first page is a drawing of me in our bed. my hair is all over the place, my arm is under my head, the other across my ribs. the blanket is just under my belly button, so my chest is exposed. i flip the page and the second one is of me asleep on the recliner, balled up. i'm clothed but the fact that my arms are wrapped tightly around myself makes my chest pop out a little. on the next page my body is exposed more, the blanket had been moved to show more. the next page is a closeup of the last picture. peeta only drew from my neck to my thighs and made sure to add every detail of my body in this one. i turn the page and see a picture of celine in our yard with Buttercup. she resembles my sister a little; the way her hair falls over her shoulders and the way she smiles at the beast. "she looks like prim" i say, a tear rolling down my cheek. "yeah i know". i turn the page again and see another one of Celine, she's smiling, her eyes are sparkling in the sunlight. her hair is up in a ponytail and she wears a pink sweater, jeans, and white boots with cotton balls hanging from them. the next picture is a picture of me smiling, a blush on my cheeks, my eyes, cast downward at the floor. "i said that i wanted you to give me a blowjob, and you said i needed to be more romantic", he laughs, "so i said to give me one in the rain". "oh my god peeta" i laugh and hit him with a pillow. he laughs. "so can i draw you" he asks when he gets himself together. i nod my head, "yeah". he smiles and we go to bed. in the morning we make breakfast. after we all eat i take celine to school. gale takes hunter with him over to his mothers house to help her with the chores. he goes around his family alot more now. have a nice day sweetie, i love you , i love you too mommy. i kiss her head and send her off into the school. i walk back home. peeta wants to draw me now, the house is empty, except for buttercup. haymitch is probably knocked out on his couch so hopefully he wont interrupt us. i get home and call, "peeta". "up here" he replies and i go upstairs. i enter our room and see the bed made, the pillows laid down nicely, comfortably. "do you want color or no" he asks. "whatever you want" i reply shyly. he gets up and holds me by my waist. "you scared" he asks. "shy" i reply. he kisses me. "don't worry, no one will ever see the pictures i promise. today it's just you and me". i smile at him. today it's just us, just me and him, no one else. "okay" i reply. "go ahead and get undressed, then you can lay down here" he says gesturing to the bed. okay, here we go. i dont see why m so shy, peeta's my husband, he's seen me before, he's touched me, hell i even had a baby with him. why am i so afraid. Peeta POV i sit in a chair and ready my pencil. i put it behind my ear and flip to a nice clean page in my sketchpad. "Peeta, how do you want me to lay" she asks. i look up at her, she's sitting on the bed, naked. i feel my face getting hot and i know that i'll have an erection before i start this. she's just so beautiful. no, not now. now, she's more like, sexy. yeah, sexy works. i put my sketchpad down and walk over to her. "lay your head on the pillow" i instruct. she lays down on the pillow, her arms bent, her hands at the level of her head. "open your legs a little" i say. her legs spread apart and my eyes immediatly look between her legs. i use my hand and getly push her left leg down a little. my hands find her braid and undo it. i use my fingers to comb her hair and spread it out a little, laying it on her chest, enough to cover some of it but exposing it at the same time. "stop blushing Peeta, your making me uncomfortable" she says with a slight smile. "oh yeah because i can just blush when i want to" i reply laughing. i lean down and kiss her. "there's no reason to feel uncomfortable, it's just me and you remember". "just us" she says quietly. "mhmm, and once im done...we could...have a little fun before everyone comes back" i say seductively. she smiles, not moving. i go back to my chair and pick up my sketchpad. first i draw the bed and the background and make sure it looks realistic. i look back at katniss's body and begin to carefully sketch the outline of her slightly curved figure. i look again and draw her face, her flushed face. the pencil is the only thing making noise, i think