Story: Third Person POV. "Forks?" Cat asked "We're moving to a place named after silver ware?!" "It's a very nice place" Caren, her mother insisted "Mum, I researched it, it's the wettest place in the US, it's always under a constant cloud cover and rain!" Sophie backed up her sister "Of course she researched it" Cat rolled her eyes, Sophie shot her a glare. Cat and Sophie were twins, but they weren't ordinary twins. They had the ability to read each others minds, but that wasn't all they could do. "Mum I don't want to move" Cat whined, she didn't really like changes "I'm sorry, honey" Caren sighed, she knew there was no point in arguing with her daughter. "Why are we moving down there?" Sophie asked, she had always been more calm about things then Cat had. "Your father has gotten a promotion to the hospital down there, and so, we are moving" Caren explained "I guess seeing as we can't leave dad on his own" Sophie shrugged understanding "I thought you were on my side" Cat thought "This could be a great opportunity for dad, we can't stand in his way. Anyway this might not be that bad" Sophie thought "We're moving to a place where we don't know anyone and it's always raining" Cat complained "There's nothing wrong with rain" Sophie rolled her eyes "Yeah for you, it's your thing" Cat reminded her "When are we leaving mum?" Sophie asked ignoring her "Few weeks from now, we need to get everything packed" her mother smiled "I'll have a few boxes brought up to your room in a minute" "Alright" Sophie smiled, she turned around and walked to the stairs, Cat rolled her eyes and followed her sister. Cat walked into her and Sophie's shared room and saw her twin sister organising things to pack into boxes "Really?" Cat asked annoyed "What? Mum said she would bring the boxes up so I might as well start getting organised" Sophie shrugged "Do you really want to move down there?" Cat asked sitting on the end of her bed "No," she admitted sitting on her bed opposite "But we shouldn't stand in dad's way like that, and it can't be all that bad" "You don't believe that" Cat knew when her sister was lying "Well think about it, Dad is getting a promotion, which means a raise from the heap of money he already gets, and, and that sounds awful" Sophie realised "But true, we might both get cars instead of sharing one like originally planned" Cat grinned "That's selfish, this is a good thing for dad, we are not going to abuse it" Sophie demanded, Cat rolled her eyes and sighed. Their mum came up with a heap of boxes, she went back downstairs just to come back with even more. Cat gave up and began packing with her sister, although she hated changes Sophie, as usual, was right; there had to be something good about moving to the wettest place in the US. A few weeks later Cat and Sophie were sitting on a plane out of Miami to the Seattle airport "Still can't believe we're flying from one corner of the state to the other" Cat sighed "Oh it'll be fine" Sophie rolled her eyes "From the warmest place to the wettest" Cat ignored her "Well think of it this way, we have been living in your main element for the last 17 years now it's time for me to live in mine" Sophie shrugged "Yeah but, you were ok with it, I'm not" Cat complained "Who ever said I was ok with it?" Sophie asked "You never complained" Cat explained "Who was I going to complain to?" Sophie asked, Cat was about to snap back but, realised she didn't know what to say. Sophie and Cat were elementals, they were able to control the elements. They each had two elements, Sophie could control water and wind, while Cat could control fire and earth. That was why Cat was more rebellious then Sophie, who was very calm and mellow. Their elements effected their personalities. The girls had been like this since they were thirteen, they had no idea why and they hadn't told their parents, or anyone for that matter, about it. Because of this Cat preferred to be in warm sunny places like Miami, while Sophie preferred the cool places, like Forks. That was probably why she wasn't opposing, as much as Cat was, about leaving. The flight was six hours and fifteen minutes, Cat and Sophie played cards against each other, read books, watched a movie or two and were landing again in no time. "That was a quick flight" Cat said surprised "Well we did stay in the same country you know" Sophie grinned "I know but still, went really fast" Cat smiled back "Come on girls hurry up" John, their father, called. They went down to the baggage collect and grabbed their suit cases, they all had two each and grabbed two trollies in order to transport them all to the car their dad had hired. The rest of their stuff was coming over the week, including their parents cars. They all got into the rental car and their dad drove to their new house "How long a drive is it?" Sophie asked, you could tell she was eager to see the new house "Only about half an hour to an hour sweetie" their dad answered "Only?" Cat started to complained "It'll fly by, just like the flight did" her mother assured her. Cat sighed and looked out the window, the water drops running down it made her feel even worse. Sophie watched them running down her own window, she drew a horizontal line on the window and all the rain drops followed it. She smiled, it was always fun to watch how she could manipulate water like that, even after four years of doing it. They drove for about 45 minutes before they turned into a long driveway, their house was on the border of Forks and La Push and was hidden in the forest. Cat looked at all the trees a little happier now, back in Miami she had had the benefits of the sun, where as Sophie had the benefits of space for her wind power, now they had swapped elements. Sophie was in her water element and Cat was in her earth element. Sophie and Cat looked at each other and beamed, they were finally both happy with moving. Their driveway was about a mile long, their own little road, when they came to the house the girls stared up at it in amazement, it was a Forks version of their Miami house. It was very open, windows everywhere, there was a four car garage which excited both the girls very much. The house was a three story and very expensive, the garage, library, theatre/games room and a laundry were on the bottom. The living room, kitchen, dinning room, both their parents studies and a bathroom were on the second. The third had four bedroom's three of which had an on-suit and all four had walk in wardrobes and another bathroom. There was a spiral staircase that went all the way to the third floor. The bedrooms, lounge room and studies were very open and, if they were in a corner of the house, had at least two full walls of windows. The girls looked at each other before jumping out of the car and running into the house. "Our room has a sign on the door, no one goes in there" Caren explained as they ran through the door "Yep" the girls yelled. Cat got up the stairs first, she had always been better at athletics while Sophie was better at school work. She ran to the top and stood there for a second before running to the door that captured her interest. The room had one whole wall full of windows and a walk in wardrobe, Cat removed herself from the door way and saw a pair of double doors with a sign on it "Mum and dad's room" she muttered, her eyes set on a second set of double doors. She walked towards them as Sophie appeared at the top of the stairs, Cat opened the doors and looked into the room. Opposite the door was a king sized double bed with purple and red sheets and bedding. The walls were a lilac colour with white skirting boards, white window frames and grey carpet. On either side of the bed was a bedside table, there were also tables on either side of the door. To her left there was a corner desk, to her right was a huge shelf. On the right of the bed was a huge dresser with a huge mirror. Next to the dresser there was a door leading to the walk in wardrobe, there was another door between the dresser and the bed leading to the on-suit. There was a chest of draws on the left side of the bed, the entire left wall was full of windows. There was a window bench in the centre with a heap of cushions on it, there was a door as well that didn't lead anywhere, not to a balcony, it just dropped off. The window was facing the forest, Cat loved it "This is my room" she immediately decided, Sophie walked up behind her "Damn, nice room" she half sulked "Sorry, but I got here first, what took you so long to get up the stairs?" Cat asked "Mum called me" Sophie sighed, she walked into the last two rooms. Sophie walked into the last room. It was on the other side of the house to Cat's new room, the door was in the corner and the wall on the right had two doors, leading to the walk in wardrobe and on-suite. On the wall near the door was another king sized double bed, two bed side tables, one on either side. There was a dresser opposite the door and a shelf on the far side of the bed, a corner desk in the corner opposite it. There was a glass door between the desk and dresser, the wall opposite and the far wall were both full with windows. There was a chest of draws in between the wardrobe and on-suit doors. The walls were a light blue with white skirting boards and window frames like in Cat's room. The carpet was also grey. "This one is definitely mine" Sophie grinned "Good, no arguing" Cat grinned "Mum we chose our rooms" Sophie yelled down the stairs "Any arguing?" her mother yelled "Nope" Sophie smiled "Well that's good" their dad smiled as he walked up the stairs with some boxes "Here you are" he gave the boxes to Cat before walking back downstairs to get some more "Thanks" Cat muttered, she walked into her room and began unpacking. Sophie walked downstairs to her parents, her mother was organising things in the living room while her father unpacked the car "When are the other things arriving?" Sophie asked "Over the week" her mother answered "Until then you will only have these few things" her father said, handing her a heap of boxes "Thanks dad" Sophie said sarcastically. She turned around and walked back up the stairs "And when you and your sister are finished emptying your boxes I need you both back down here" her mother ordered "Alright" Sophie heaved the boxes up the stairs and disappeared for about an hour. "You finished?" Cat asked, poking her head into Sophie's room. Sophie looked around "Yep I think so" she nodded "Well come on" Cat instructed "Calm down, calm down" Sophie sighed as she walked out, following Cat down the stairs "OK mum we're done, what's up?" Cat asked "I need to show you something" Caren explained "Because we live so far away we decided to give