So finally, here it is! I got stuck, at a bit that wasn't even hard to continue on from. I guess I had no motivation. Don't count on the next one soon because I haven't started it and I wont at least until the semester of uni is over which is the end of May. I haven't even attempted to start it because I am a good child and do not want distractions from homework. But we can fawn about that later. For now, here's Part Three of Wild Cat. Enjoy :) Chapter 1: Alexis' POV: "Alexis, go and give your brother a shout would you?" Dad called, I was sitting upstairs in my room while mum and dad cooked a big lunch. We were having a huge lunch. And when I say huge, I mean it. "Sure." I smiled. I walked down the stairs, high-fifed my dad as I passed him before walking out the back door. I stood at the edge of the trees that ended our backyard, like it did for most people who lived in LaPush. I took a deep breath. "JAMES!" I bellowed. My voice echoed over the trees and through the leaves. I shut my eyes and listened for a second. I heard three sets of paws stop somewhere off in the distance. I smiled. "Time for lunch." I said, still shouting but not as loud. Now that I knew where they were, I didn't need to shout that loud. The neighbours were annoyed enough, and that I knew without them saying something. We were a pretty loud family. But then again, we were a big family. Unlike some families who only considered close friends and relatives as family, our family was the entire tribe. Within this tribe was a set of, protectors, is what we called them. They protected us all from the things that lurked in the shadows. Things that hardly anyone believed in. This was my family. And not just because my brother was one of these protectors. Two of my best friends were too. Once they all joined this, group, the entire group became my close family. So, mum and dad had invited them all for lunch. That's why they'd made so much food. I heard a howl off in the distance and smiled, knowing my message had been delivered. "He's coming." I assured my dad as I walked back inside. He smiled and nodded at me. "Need any help?" I wondered "No I think we got it." Mum smiled, I nodded. I heard a car pull up outside the house and walked down the hallway to get the front door. The car belonged to Emily Young, Sam Uley's fiancé, she was forever cursedly by three scars that plagued her face, pulling the right half of her face down. Sam was the leader of the 'group'. With them was Kim, Jared's girlfriend. My first impression of Kim was that she was a nice girl, a little shy, and a little plain. She had a wide face, mostly cheekbones, with eyes too small to balance them out. Her nose and mouth were both too broad for traditional beauty. Her flat black hair was thin and wispy. That was my first impression. But after a while of watching Jared watch Kim, I could no longer find anything plain about the girl. The way he stared at her! It was like a blind man seeing the sun for the first time. Like a collector finding an undiscovered Da Vinci, like a mother looking into the face of her newborn child. His wondering eyes caused me see new things about her — how her skin looked like russet-coloured silk, how the shape of her lips was a perfect double curve, how white her teeth were against them, how long her eyelashes were, brushing her cheek when she looked down. Kim's skin sometimes darkened when she met Jared's awed gaze, and her eyes would drop as if in embarrassment, but she had a hard time keeping her eyes away from his for any length of time. Jared held the same look when looking at Kim as Sam did when he looked at Emily. It was beautiful the way they looked at one another, and it made me sort of jealous sometimes when I watched the group. It wasn't really a group though, the better word was pack. Emily, Sam and Kim climbed out of the car before they unloaded a heap more food. I walked down to help them. "Jeez, do we need more?" I questioned "With those boys, you can never have to much." Emily smiled. "Good point." I nodded, taking heap of plates from her and carrying them inside, Sam behind me. Emily, Sam, Kim and I placed the food on the kitchen bench before my mother began arranging it all. I walked up to Emily and gave her a hug. "Hey." I greeted. "How are you?" she wondered, I shrugged "Same as always." She smiled and stroked my hair. Normal people would find that weird. I wasn't classified as normal anymore. "Hey Kim," I smiled "Hey Lexi," She smiled at me. "Did you invite Charlie and Bella?" I asked mum "I did, but Charlie said Bella was still grounded and that coming would give her some leverage." mum rolled her eyes "Did you mention the part that if she come here she'd be away from Edward?" I wondered, Mum nodded "Unfortunately, I think Edward got there first." she sighed. I rolled my eyes. Bella Swan. Her dad was Charlie swan, the chief of police and my dad's best friend, along with Billy Black. Bella had pulled an awful stunt on us all not to long ago. She ran off with Alice Cullen to Italy, to save Alice's brother, and Bella's ex-boyfriend — now retitled, boyfriend — Edward Cullen, who went to get himself killed after he heard Bella had gone cliff diving and jumped off a cliff. Bella had disappeared for three days and Charlie had grounded her forever because of it. Unfortunately for Charlie, Edward was still allowed to have visiting hours, plus the two went to school together, so he couldn't split them up. Another car pulled up and this time, it was Sue Clearwater. She wasn't alone, she had her youngest child, Seth, her son, with her. Seth Clearwater was fifteen, and like a little brother to me, littler then James that is. "Hey Seth," I greeted, he held his fist up to me and I pounded my own against it. "What's up, Lex?" he wondered "Nothing, just that there's a lot of food in there." I confessed "Really?" he perked up. I rolled my eyes and ruffled his hair before greeting Sue and guiding them through the house. Last to arrive was Billy Black. He was on the council with my dad, Sue and Old Quil, who couldn't make it tonight for some reason. Billy and my dad had been friends since they were like five years old, the only time they'd only ever been separated was when my dad had left Forks to go to Washington D.C. for college. That was where he'd met my mum. Otherwise, the two were inseparable. They were a lot like me and Jacob. Jacob was Billy's son. Because our family's had always been close, so had we. Only once had we had a, falling out, though we'd had several fights since then. There was a reason for that, sort of. Cats and Dogs aways fight after all. "Where are the boys?" Billy asked as I wheeled him inside. "They're coming." I assured him with a smile. At that I heard the sounds of several thundering paws against the earth floor heading towards the house. As Billy fell into the usual conversation with my dad I walked to the back door and opened it, just in time for five very similar boys and one girl to come walking out of the trees. It's ridiculous how hot these boys are. All of them have the same russet coloured skin, dark brown or black hair and brown eyes. The muscles on them all are something you'd only expect to get through steroids, only they weren't on any. Every single on of them, except for the girl obviously, were only wearing shorts, even in this cold weather. I smirked as the girl walked up to me. Leah Clearwater, Seth's older sister and Sue's oldest child. "Leah," I greeted with a hug "Smells great!" she exclaimed looking past me "Well hey to you too," I muttered. She smirked at me and squeezed me tighter. Her strength was unbelievable as usual, but non existent against me. "Leah, it's not working." I assured her. She sighed and released me as I smirked at her. "Lex, do you think you could shout any louder?" one of the boys asked. I smirked at my brother "Probably," I assured him. James rolled his eyes at me "How you doing Lexi?" Embry wondered. One of my musketeers. He gave me a hug "Not bad, you?" I wondered, he shrugged "Same old, same old." He smiled. Embry suddenly pulled me out of the way as two boys rushed past us, Paul and Jared. "What's up Cat?" Jared asked at he passed. I gave him a scowl but didn't answer. "Hey Lex." Quil greeted, I grinned and gave him a high-five "What's up Quil?" I wondered "Nothing much." He shrugged. During the last few weeks Quil had phased. Finally. I'd been home, as it had been a weekend and I didn't have work, when James and Embry had burst through the back door. "Lexi!" James yelled "What?" I asked racing down the stairs "It's Quil," Embry explained "Seriously?" I wondered, they nodded. I beamed. I'd hardly seen Quil and I missed my third musketeer. I raced out the door and past the two boys "Is he at home or at Emily's?" I asked calling back. "His house." I was gone before they could say anything else. I needed to see Quil, he had been so upset after both Embry and Jacob left him. And He wasn't his normal self otherwise. I'd seen him around when I'd dropped James off at school — as he didn't have a car himself to drive — I'd waved but I hadn't really spoken to him. Sam had told me not to incase I let something slip. I was fully against it but when everyone had ganged up on me, I couldn't really say no. I reached Quil's house and wrapped my knuckles on the front door. Old Quil answered it. "That was quick." He admitted "Yes, well…" Embry and James came up behind me "They gave me a lift." I smiled, both raised a confused eyebrow for a second before understanding I'd forced them into another one of my lies to the council, and by extension, my parents. I still refused to have them know about me. Old Quil nodded and stepped aside. I rushed in to see Quil, tall, tanned, muscled and all the other physical wolf features added to him, sitting on the couch with Sam and Jacob. "Quil!" I beamed. He stood up surprised before I ran, normally, to him and thew my arms around his neck. "Lex…" he said, I pulled back "Hey," I smiled with a chuckle. "What are you doing here?" "I'm here to express how happy I am!" I admitted hugging him again. "Why?" Quil wondered. I looked at him again confused before turning to Sam and Jacob "You haven't told him?" I asked "We haven't had the chance yet." Jacob admitted with a sigh. "Told me what?" Quil asked. "That I know." I answered simply. "Know what?" "Everything." I answered grinning. "Every —" I think he understood then "How come?" "I'm smart." I shrugged "Huh, yeah right." James disagreed sitting on the couch. I glared at him and he held his hands up in surrender. "I figured it out," I