A/N: Written for Draco Tops Harry Fest 2017. TESTING A CHAMPION Draco was sitting in the elegant lobby of a modern office building, waiting. His demeanor was calm and collected - he was a Malfoy after all - but inside he was planning multiple horrifying fates for his conniving best friend Pansy Parkinson. It was her fault he was sitting here, after all. Draco had only announced the simple fact that he was the best topper in the UK, maybe in the whole world, and of course Pansy had signed him up for the World Topping Championships just to challenge him. Pansy knew perfectly well that he would never refuse a challenge. Now here he was, waiting for the last judge whom he had to impress in order to win this bloody competition. So far he had passed all the judges and their tasks with flying colours, but he had heard that the last judge was the worst; strict, humourless and a clinical bastard, who did nothing to ease the contestants through the tasks. Knowing who the last judge would be, Draco didn't have high hopes. "Mr Malfoy, Judge Potter will see you now." The young secretary in bright pink robes cheerfully called from behind her desk. Draco sighed and stood up, straightening his already immaculate blackish green robes. His back straight and head high, he stepped into the office where his fate lay in the hands of one Harry Potter. The office was like from a surreal dream. Not because of how it looked, but because why Draco knew what he was here for. It was a simple, yet elegantly furnished office. Pale pearl grey walls accentuated the dark grey sofa and armchairs, and the large oak desk and the bookshelves on the far side of the room. Deep mulberry purple carpet on the floor was the only touch of warm colour in the room. A magical painting of a beautiful landscape with a lake and waterfowl was on the wall right above the armchair where Potter was currently sitting. "Come in, Malfoy," Potter said, ignoring Draco's presence, not even lifting his gaze from the clipboard in his lap to acknowledge Draco. He waved his hand, and the door behind Draco shut with a click as it locked. Draco felt a wave of magic coming from Potter. "Good, without a wand as requested. Have a seat, Malfoy." "Good afternoon, Potter." Draco greeted politely as he sat across from Potter, forcing himself to be civil towards the git even if he was fuming inside. Potter was making the situation as uncomfortable for Draco as possible on purpose. "I'm the last judge all six contestants will meet, but don't think I'll be the easiest one. In fact, I'm perfectly aware that the other four judges were more lenient and easier to impress than I have been for any of you. It's a stiff competition between you six, so you'll have to be exceptionally talented to be able to win the championship." It was only then, that Potter lifted his gaze from the bloody clipboard and scrutinized Draco with piercing eyes. Draco internally squirmed under the inspection, feeling horribly naked despite being fully clothed - for now. "You have done well so far, Malfoy, but you have not won yet. Now, are you ready to begin?" Draco inclined his head. "Of course. Shall we take this to the bedroom?" "I'm afraid not. The other judges may have used the bedroom to make you comfortable, but I want to see how you respond a less… stimulating environment. Many of your rivals had some difficulties with this part of the competition, but this last part of the challenge is designed to separate the wheat from the chaff, so to speak. Now, let me see how you'll undress in front of your sex partner." Draco's mouth went dry from nerves, this was nothing he had prepared for. The room was like a doctor's office, clinical and brightly lit. The cold examination table was the only thing missing from the scene. Potter was sitting in a chair fully clothed in a dark taupe coloured muggle type suit, albeit without a tie and the two top buttons of his dress shirt were opened. Adjusting his glasses, Potter expectantly leaned back in his chair and openly dared him with his stare. How in the hell was he going to find his mojo in this situation, and in front of his former arch-nemesis from his Hogwarts years? Draco swallowed. This was the biggest challenge so far and he was more than a bit nervous. But none of it mattered, because he was a Malfoy, and Malfoys ate bloody challenges for breakfast, thank you very much. Draco nodded a bit stiffly. "As you wish." He closed his eyes for a moment, imagining the room with a softly glowing lights, maybe some candles, and quiet music playing in the background. He imagined Potter sitting in his chair shirtless, eyes half-lidded and full of desire, his hands itching for a touch. He wanted to add to Potter's desire by stripping slowly and sensually in front of him. Standing up, he opened his eyes and fixed a blazing gaze at Potter. He released the clasp from his robes and let the garment fall to the floor. Then he caressed his chest on his way to open the buttons of his shirt one by one, slowly, never breaking the intense eye contact with Potter. He let the shirt follow the robes to the floor and took out the big guns. He licked his lips seductively and then sucked his index finger into his mouth to wet it properly. Then he dragged the moist finger across his left nipple allowing the cool touch to draw a shiver from him, moaning softly. His hand headed south, following his happy trail down to the fastening of his trousers, teasing the button before popping it open. His eyes still firmly on Potter, he noticed as a faint blush spread across the judge's skin and his Adam's apple bobbed. Good. He was making some progress here. Furtively, he removed his shoes for the next part of the show. Draco was getting bolder and more excited by the second as he watched Potter's reaction to his little show, so he raised the stakes by rubbing his growing erection through his trousers before opening them and letting them fall to the floor. He hadn't bothered with underwear, so he was standing in front of Potter completely nude now. Stepping out of his trousers, Draco moved to stand in front of Potter, invading his personal space by bending down and bracing his arms on the backrest of the chair. "Do I have your attention now, Judge Potter?" He husked in Potter's ear and let the tip of his tongue flick his earlobe. Then he stepped back and sat back down in his chair, elegantly crossing his legs and lifting his eyebrow expectantly. Potter cleared his throat and shifted in his seat, probably trying surreptitiously to readjust himself behind his bloody clipboard. Then he wrote some notes on the document on the clipboard. Draco smirked. Potter wasn't so unaffected as he tried to appear. That was a sign Draco had been waiting for. Now he had a foundation from where to work on. "Very well," Potter finally said, his voice a little strained. "The first task completed. Now we'll see how you physically respond to alteration in temperature or disturbance during oral stimulation. Return to your previous place in front of me, please." Draco was confused; the first task had been the same with other judges, but now Potter seemed to have a different agenda. This was so not good. Draco would have to use all his imagination to keep up with the prat from now on. Bracing himself, Draco stepped in front of Potter, where Potter guided him to stand between his knees. Draco's half hard dick was now suspiciously eyeing Potter's face, and Draco could almost feel said dick cringing at the clinical circumstances. It was used to more adoring treatment; hell, it deserved more adoring treatment, even from Potter. "Your goal is to keep your performance level the same during different circumstances. Ready to begin, Malfoy?" Draco took a deep breath. "Ready when you are, Potter." "Good," Potter said, and then without warning, gulped Draco's little wizard down his throat. Draco almost lost it. He barely managed to keep from yelping aloud and stepping away in alarm, but at the last moment kept himself in check. Potter was trying him with every possible way, so he had to keep his cool whatever happened. Draco closed his eyes, forcing himself to relax and focus on the act itself. Potter's mouth wasn't so bad, after the initial shock he even had to admit that Potter actually knew what he was doing. Potter's wicked tongue was coaxing Draco's reluctant dick to fully harden and keep up with the snake charmer residing currently in Potter's mouth. Potter alternated with sucking hard and light, his tongue teasing and massaging in between, and Draco was slowly melting to the sensations. Potter even encouraged Draco to shallowly thrust into this throat, but kept the motion to a minimum. Holy Salazar and his hefty balls, if this was the alteration Potter was talking about, Draco was going to enjoy every second of it. However, luck wasn't on his side, as always, since as soon as Draco let that thought into his mind, Potter changed his tactics. Was he reading Draco's mind? Bloody Merlin, he had to be more careful with his thoughts! Potter shifted and moved his hand to cup Draco's balls, massaging them gently in his hand. That felt too damn good combined with Potter's clever mouth working on Draco's shaft, and Draco was getting dangerously close to his climax. He tried to postpone the inevitable by thinking the most unerotic images possible, like Madam Pomfrey in a bathing suit, when Potter surprised him again. The air shifted inside the room turning it cooler, and at first the coolness felt good on Draco's heated skin. Soon, though, it became uncomfortably cold, and Draco began to shiver. The warm mouth around his shaft and warm hand cupping his testicles fortunately helped him keep up with Potter's ministrations. When his balls tried to crawl inside his body for fear of catching cold despite Potter protecting them like a bloody Saviour he was, Draco silently promised to spoil them rotten afterwards if they just bore with him through this ordeal. The bright side of the cooling was that he didn't need to think any other disturbing images to keep himself from climaxing. Thank Merlin for little mercies. Then, of course, Potter changed the tactics again, this time turning the room warm, too warm to Draco's liking. Also Potter's mouth turned significantly warmer, and that made Draco's balls try to crawl up toward his body for an entirely different reason. He was beginning to sweat now, so close to the point of return, and he struggled to keep himself from coming. In general, Draco wasn't accustomed to excessive heat, he never even wanted to travel to locations which were too warm for him, and he hated, hated sweating. Of course Potter would explore that weakness with abandon, and just for that Draco thrust down Potter's throat a bit more deeper than necessary. That almost caused Draco to shoot his load down Potter's throat, and Draco groaned in frustration. Potter chuckled and since Draco's dick was still in his mouth the vibration sent a jolt of pleasure through Draco's whole body. Draco opened his eyes to focus on something other than the growing need for release, and his eyes widened in shock. The whole wall behind Potter's chair had changed to a glass wall. Draco could see people walking on the other side of the wall, sometimes glancing at them once or twice on their way, but never stopping to outright stare