Over the course of his Hogwarts career, Harry Potter had gotten himself in a lot of trouble. Sometimes, it was well deserved, like when he had flown himself and his best friend into the angry embrace of the Whomping Willow at the beginning of their second year. Sometimes, it was less deserved, such as the countless lines assigned by Umbridge for telling the truth about Voldemort's return. Either way though, Harry was experienced at dealing with detention. And he had been absolutely certain that no school-year punishment could be worse than those lines with the blood quill. He had forgotten, however, exactly how vindictive one Severus Snape could be. The yank that pulled Harry from the Pensieve had been unexpected, and he almost lost his balance from that alone. He'd barely had time to realize the trouble he was in. The jar of cockroaches sailing towards his head was a good reminder however. With sharply-honed Seeker's reflexes, Harry threw himself to the side. He lost his balance, landing with a grunt on the stone floor of the dungeon. Well, he was usually on a broom, after all. "How dare you!" Snape roared. The smash of glass against stone made Harry flinch. "You beastly—awful—terrible—" Snape apparently didn't have words. "I didn't mean-" Harry said, scuttling backwards on hands and feet like a crab. Snape swooped across the distance between then, robes flapping menacingly. The professor's face was dark red and hard with fury. Harry was in so much trouble. His heart jumped into his throat. Maybe this time, he thought, Snape really would kill him and cut him up for potion's ingredients. "You are a liar, and a sneak, and a pain-in-my-arse, Potter! Just like your father! Does it make you proud, to see just how alike you are?" Harry couldn't move back any further, as his back was pressed against the dungeon's cold stone walls. Not too far to his right was a mess of shattered glass and cockroach bits. He thought to scramble up, using the wall as a brace, but suddenly Snape was looming over him, trapping him with a foot on either side of his knees. His long, thin hands were shaking with fury as he reached down and got a good grip on the collar of Harry's robes. Harry flinched backwards, pushing on Snape's sinewy forearm. "Let go of me," he demanded, hoping his voice wouldn't shake. Uncle Vernon had sometimes grabbed him like this. It had never gone well for him after that. Snape did not release him; Harry hadn't really thought he would. Instead he gave a mighty yank that pulled Harry to his feet. He then shoved him hard against the wall. The force of the impact drove a gasp from Harry's lungs. The stones behind him seemed unnaturally cold. "Did you enjoy that, Potter? Does it please you to see your most hated professor brought low? To see me powerless?" Snape was out of control, hissing his words mere inches from Harry's face. Small flecks of spit spattered against his skin. He was surprised at Snape's words—Snape did not admit to being anything but powerful. He did not admit to anything, actually. Harry could not remember the professor telling him even the smallest detail about himself before. For the man to admit that he had ever been powerless or taken advantage of, even when Harry had seen it with his own eyes...Snape must be more affected by what Harry had seen than Harry had thought. Or perhaps Snape did not realize what he was admitting to Harry. But he had it wrong! Harry shook his head frantically. "No! Sir, I didn't—" But again, Snape cut him off with a shake that rattled Harry's bones. "Well how does it feel to be on the other side of the equation, Potter? To be helpless, unable to affect what will happen to you?" Their noses were almost touching now. Harry turned his head aside, trying to make space between himself and Snape. "It is not so amusing now, is it?" His words were sharp enough to cut. Harry could see a vein pulsing in the professor's forehead. His eyes were more than half-crazed, and Harry began to feel real fear. The man did not look entirely sane. "Sir, I didn't mean-" SMACK! Harry gasped when the professor's hand landed hard on his cheek. His head bounced off the stone wall, and an involuntary whimper slipped from his lips. That really hurt! "For the love of Merlin, Potter, shut up! Have you no self-preservation instincts what-so-ever?" His cheek was stinging fiercely, as was the back of his head, and Harry blinked repeatedly in an attempt to keep his eyes from watering. His heart was pounding against his sternum. But he stayed silent. When Uncle Vernon got this angry, Harry did his best to get out of his path...and if that wasn't possible, then he kept quiet in hopes that Hurricane Vernon would blow past quickly with minimal damage. Hopefully Hurricane Snape worked the same way. "Just like your father, Potter. Not enough that I be humiliated-you have to grind salt in the wound. But you forgot something. This is my kingdom, Potter. Down in these dungeons, I am the one with the power. You are the one without. Do you understand that?" Snape shook him hard. There were going to be bruises shaped like the man's hands along his upper arms, Harry was sure. Harry stayed mute, heat radiating from his battered cheek. Snape's hand came up again. This time, Harry ducked, trying to put his arms in the way. Instead of back-handing him again, though, Snape grasped his upraised forearm. Harry had never been big for his age, but it had been years since he had felt so small. Snape spun him around and pressed his wrists against the wall above his head. Harry's breath caught in his throat. He struggled against Snape, but the man's weight kept him pressed against the stone. He could feel the pressure crushing the fragile bones of his wrists. "Did you enjoy humiliating me, Potter?" Snape hissed. "Was that sufficiently entertaining for you?" His grip tightened even more. Harry wondered if his bones would snap under it. He squeezed his eyes shut, truly afraid now. Snape had lost his damn mind! Harry wasn't even sure if the man knew which Potter he was berating at the moment. And after seeing the memory in the Penseive...that was a truly horrifying thought. He heard a muttered incantation, and then Snape released his arms. A Sticking charm, he noted in the very small part of his mind that was not panicking. His palms were plastered to the dungeon walls. "Sir, please!" He hadn't meant to speak, but the words slipped out. He tried to look over his shoulder at Snape, but his range of motion was severely limited by the way his hands had been fettered. With Snape directly behind him, he couldn't see anything. So it was a sound that stopped his heart—the metallic clink of a belt being undone. His mouth went dry. The small part of his brain that still processed logically seemed to shrivel up and die. "No! Professor, please! Don't!" Harry managed to squeak out. He hadn't thought his heart could pound any harder, but that noise had set it to a whole new tattoo. Snape chuckled. It might have been the ugliest sound Harry had ever heard, full of malice and spite. "Potter, I have wanted to do this since the first day you walked into my classroom," he said. The fifteen year old struggled fruitlessly against the magical bonds securing him to the wall. There was a loud whistle of air being displaced from behind him, and then a deafening CRACK! The pain was searing and immediate, and it brought tears to Harry's eyes. He gasped and clenched his teeth together to keep from crying out. "For the past five years, I have put up with all manner of idiotic, imbecilic, arrogant stunts from you." CRACK! The belt landed again, like liquid fire against his arse. "And every year, Albus makes excuses for you, his precious Golden Boy." CRACK! "But not this time, Potter. Dumbledore is not here to make excuses for you now. This time," CRACK! CRACK! "you are getting exactly what you deserve." Harry broke then and let out a low, keening wail. Oh, Merlin this hurt! It had been years now since Uncle Vernon had given him a real thrashing, and he had forgotten the vivid bite of a leather belt. "I think it's only fair, after all, to deal you a taste of what you dealt me," Snape said, his voice silken and furious. "Do you agree, Mr. Potter?" CRACK! Harry bit back another sob. The spell held him fast against the wall, despite his struggles to free himself. He wanted to beg for mercy, but he knew better. As a child, his pleas had fallen on deaf ears, and he had no illusions that Snape would treat him any better than his uncle ever had. He gritted his teeth in another attempt to keep the pained noises from Snape's ears. "Answer me!" Snape demanded. CRACK! Harry jerked, his body pressed flat to the wall in an attempt to flee the agony. CRACK! "Now, Potter!" Harry knew that he could not win this. If he said no, he didn't deserve this, Snape's fury would increase, and so would the strength of the lashes. If he said yes, Snape would taunt him, and take malicious pleasure in giving Harry what the boy had admitted he deserved. Harry let out another low sob as the belt bit into his skin again. By this point, his trousers and robe did almost nothing to blunt the pain. His eyes were filling, and he blinked hard, but it was no use. Tears spilled over his cheeks. "I've waited for years, Potter. I can hold out as long as I must." CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! The pain was overwhelming. Harry couldn't even think. His mouth was moving before he had a chance to censor himself. "I'm not James!" Harry cried. "Please sir!" He winced, waiting for the belt to fall again, even harder because of the professor's anger. He had probably just signed his own death certificate. More helpless tears escaped to course down his face. Instead of another searing crack of the belt, though, there was a profound silence. If it weren't for his own sobbing breaths, Harry might have thought he had gone deaf. "What did you say?" Snape finally said in a low, menacing whisper. Harry swallowed hard. "I'm not James, sir. I'm not my father." He tensed and screwed his eyes shut, waiting for the next stripe of pain. Surely now Snape was going to kill him. He'd be lucky to ever sit again. There was another indeterminable pause. Finally, he heard a clink and a soft thump. "Finite incantatem," the professor whispered, and Harry's hands finally came loose from the stone wall. Harry swiped at his face with a shaking hand to banish the tears he hadn't been able to keep back, then turned on unsteady feet. He couldn't stop the hiss of pain his movement caused. Snape had really let him have it—it had been a long time since he'd last been punished like that. His red, teary eyes went to his least-favorite professor. The man was standing, his arm down at his side. The belt lay in a puddle on the floor, as though it had slipped forgotten from nerveless fingers. Snape was looking his direction, but his gaze was years away. Harry was afraid to move. He was pretty sure that the thrashing was over, but he didn't want to catch the professor's eye and remind him that he was still there, in case the man had somehow forgotten. Plus, he was in considerable pain and he didn't think he could just high-tail it out of there. So he stood,