This was originally written for the cancer fundraiser organized by bronzehairedgirl. I'm thankful for her efforts on behalf of cancer research, and for including me with a group of exceptional writers in her compilation. " Boxing Out" is dedicated to my husband, who is a longtime fan of basketball, the Knicks, and IPA. He is also a 20-year survivor of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. He was my consultant for the basketball scenes in "Boxing Out," and his tutelage on trash-talking helped me come up with the title. Sweetheart, you have all my love and gratitude. Many thanks are also owed to my beta, writingbabe, and prereader, Isabeausink. They're brilliant, talented, and fun, and they made my fluffy words so much better. From her office on East 68th Street, Bella had a perfect view of the brick building directly across the way. If she'd been given a cubicle on the opposite side of the floor, she'd have at least a partial vista of Central Park. She loved green, and she missed it while living among the blocks of tall grey and brown in New York City. Though she was fairly high up on the 25th floor, she was not sufficiently high up in the organization to merit a coveted office facing a more interesting part of Manhattan. Bella tried to tell herself that all of Manhattan was interesting, but really, looking at a brick wall had its limitations. At least it wasn't too distracting. She was still trying to make a good impression, since she'd been employed at the Valetudo Foundation for only a year. Months before that, Bella completed applications, wrote essays, and endured several interviews to work at the one place she sought above all others. The foundation awarded grants and conducted research in the field of health care – specifically, to make health care more available in areas of the United States that needed it. After finally securing a job that meant the world to her, Bella didn't need the temptation to gaze out at the park all day. "Yo, Bella!" Speaking of distractions… Mike Newton was in the entrance of her cubicle, holding on to the door frame and leaning his body toward her suggestively. ….and not one of the better ones. She teetered between the desire to remain polite and the instinct to roll her chair over to the farthest corner of her office. Bella's circumference of personal space was probably three feet wider than most people, though where Mike was concerned, it was more like ten. "A bunch of us are going to 230 Fifth after work. You in?" "Oh…" Bella's voice trailed. "I have other plans. Sorry." The thought of hanging around with Mike and his buddies from accounting made her shudder. She'd tried it once, just to be sociable, and now that she knew what they were like after a few drinks, she had zero interest in repeating the experience. Mike scowled for a few seconds before he caught himself and his typical, preternaturally pleasant expression returned. "Too bad. What've you got going on?" Bella tried to think of a believable lie that would get him out of her cubicle – ideally, not just today, but permanently. Intuitively, she knew a date with Mike would be among the most tedious nights of her life. They had almost nothing in common; the fact that he thought she'd enjoy going to a rooftop bar was proof of that. Before she could answer, Rosalie Hale appeared in the doorway to hip-check Mike and push her way into Bella's office. "She's going out with me tonight, big guy." Rose dropped into a chair and stared at Mike, challenging him to argue. "We've had this planned for awhile." Mike looked from Rose to Bella, openly frowning. With a shrug, he said, "Sure, if you'd rather hang with Rose. Maybe next time." "Thank you," Bella whispered earnestly to Rose once Mike was gone. "You're welcome," Rose said, "but there's a price for getting Newton out of your hair. You really are coming out with me tonight." "Where are we going?" "Emmett and some of his friends are playing basketball at the piers," she said, referring to the Chelsea Piers sports complex. "We can go in just to watch. Emmett knows the guy at the desk." Of course, Emmett knew the guy. Emmett knew all the guys, and women, in Manhattan, it seemed. It was hard to resist someone as genuinely friendly as Emmett McCarty. He was the perfect easygoing foil to Rose's cool, professional demeanor. Bella adored them both and was grateful for their friendship. "Who else is going to be there?" Rosalie rolled her eyes. "Always with the questions. There'll be about six guys, and Alice is going because Jasper's playing, too." She narrowed her eyes at Bella. "No, you won't know everyone, but they're all good people. Promise." Bella's first interview at Valetudo had been with Rosalie, who'd taken an immediate liking to her. And Bella soon discovered that Rose didn't easily take to people. That was something they had in common, though Bella was simply shy and Rose was suspicious. People had to prove themselves to her, but Rosalie was a good judge of character. It was among her skills as a human resource specialist. "C'mon. You can go home after work and I'll meet you there around seven. We'll watch the guys play ball and then grab something to eat. It'll be fun." Rose leaned over Bella's desk, her long necklaces swaying gracefully. "You do need to get out. Just not with Newton." Bella laughed. "On that, we agree." While Bella loved her adopted home of Manhattan, she didn't always feel that Manhattan loved her back. Finding her way physically was one thing; she'd learned to navigate New York's vast web of neighborhoods, streets and transit. She was more adrift emotionally, finding it tough to connect with people, especially when they came into the city by the millions during working hours, and most were less than interested in being friends with someone from a tiny town in the Pacific Northwest. After a year, she was somewhat discouraged and just found it easier to do things on her own, or – more and more – stay in the apartment she shared with her friend Angela. Bella believed she wasn't the kind of woman who stood out in a crowd, and it made her doubt she would find someone who was truly different in a way that appealed to her. New York might attract the best and the brightest, but it seemed that in the process, they sacrificed parts of themselves along the way. Any remnants of goodness, charity, or kindness were tossed aside and left like debris along a highway. And why didn't anyone want them? Why were they abandoned in the first place? The search for someone with the qualities and interests she valued was getting difficult. Bella was one poetry reading away from becoming a hermit. Rose knew her friend's tendency to withdraw. The last time she'd forced Bella to go out with her and Emmett, they wound up at a bar in the Financial District. They'd met up with a number of colleagues from Emmett's law office, and Bella spent most of the evening seated at the middle of a table, silent, while everyone around her conversed. A lot of them talked to her, of course, but the exchanges were brief and usually unrewarding. Bella felt as if she was left grasping short ribbons of conversation while others held fast to ones that were long enough to last the night. But because she loved Rose despite their differences, and because she really did feel as if she owed her friend a small debt for extracting her from Mike's clutches, Bella found herself on the L train just before 7 p.m., riding toward the Hudson River and Chelsea Piers. The sports complex was huge, but Rose was easy to find, waiting in front of the basketball gym. She was easily the most attractive woman in that part of Manhattan at that moment, and more than a few men stared at her. Bella watched as one made the mistake of talking to her, probably propositioning her, and whatever Rose said in response had the effect of acid poured over wafer. "Men are assholes," Rose said when Bella was a few feet away. "You drag me out of my apartment to tell me this? I knew that when I was in Forks." "Let me rephrase that. The guys out here are assholes. The guys inside are great. C'mon, we've got some benches to warm." Once they entered the cavernous pier, Bella spied Alice sitting near the floor. Emmett and five other guys were well into their pickup game on the half-court, looking as intense as the pros. Bella knew little about basketball, but she liked it because it moved fast and it was fun to watch men run. She saw Emmett and Jasper, each wearing red jerseys and guarding two guys she didn't know. Bella didn't recognize the fifth and six men either, but she assumed one of them was on Emmett's team, since he was wearing the same jersey. Judging by the amount of trash talking, the game had been going on for awhile. Alice waved them over from her bench seat. Bella and Rose climbed over piles of towels, gym bags and water bottles scattered haphazardly around the bleachers. She stood up to give Bella an enthusiastic hug. "Great to see you again!" Bella had met Alice when Rose invited them over for movie nights at her apartment in Brooklyn. Alice had abundant enthusiasm and cheer, and though Bella sometimes found her a little exhausting, she was never put off by her. Alice possessed a certain sincerity which made it almost impossible to dislike her. Her boyfriend Jasper worked in IT at Emmett's firm. Bella knew that Rosalie and Alice were now close because Jasper and Emmett had become good friends. Rose mentioned that they hung out together a lot. "I'm so glad you made it here tonight! How've you been?" Alice gushed. The almost sympathetic expression on her face made Bella wonder exactly how much of a charity case she'd become. She suddenly felt as if Rosalie remained friends with her out of pity, even though she knew such patience wasn't in Rose's nature. For a split second she felt resentful and annoyed with Alice. Maybe Bella did have a barren social life. But she really didn't enjoy superficial meetups in bars and clubs. It didn't make her a pariah or a snob (as she knew some of the guys at work had labeled her). It made her a shy, self-conscious person who preferred meaningful conversation, though she didn't yet know how to find that in New York. "Hey…Bella?" Alice was looking at her expectantly. Great. Now she thinks I'm an idiot, too. "Sorry, Alice. Just got sidetracked for a moment. How are you?" "Doing fine. So are you coming out with us after the game?" Bella immediately looked at Rose. "I guess that's the plan." "We're going to head over to Chelsea Bar and Harbor when they're done. It'll be fun. Edward's coming," Rosalie added. "Is that the third guy on Emmett's team?" "Yeah." Finally, Rose looked at her with a smirk. "Don't worry. He doesn't bite." Now that Rose had pointed him out, Bella turned her attention to the court to find Edward. He was easily guarding a man about half a foot shorter, his focus on the ball as it bounced between the opponent's feet. His short shock of hair looked almost bronze under the fluorescent lights. Long, limber arms and legs; long torso, even long fingers, which she noticed as he extended his arms for the play – Bella saw lots of length and height, but it was all proportional. Even through his tee shirt, she could tell he was muscular and rather wiry. He took the game seriously, that much