I do not own the story, the world, the characters or the languages of Tolkien's books. No money has been made with this story, yada yada yada. No copyright infringement intended. This is my first fanfiction ever and I am not a native speaker, please, keep that in mind before grilling me. I follow Tolkien timeline most of the time, with some scenes explicitly taken from the Jackson movies but I also chose to alter some things for the purpose of this story, which most of you will undoubtedly discover. Please note that following Tolkien's version of the story means for instance: Théodred is thirteen years older than Éomer, so he is 40 at the beginning of this story, while Éomer is 27. It also means that Éomer is not banished from Edoras and that there will be no elves coming to the rescue of Helm's Deep... I have done my upmost to ensure my OC has character and is not a Mary Sue. If you find you don't like my OC, please say why, and not just shout out Mary-Sue! This story is aimed at mature readers. There will be violence, dark themes, sex scenes and even the mention of sexual violence. I will post a warning at the top of the chapter if there is anything that may be upsetting or offensive to readers. Thank you so much to my wonderful beta, the lovely Polly. I would not have made it this far without you! Thank you so much JJ for being my sounding board in the final stages of writing and answering all my silly questions! ! WARNING: Mention of sexual violence in this chapter - nothing explicit! Wide open spaces „A young girl's dreams no longer hollow It takes the shape of a place out west But what it holds for her, she hasn't yet guessed" (Dixie Chicks) "Lisswyn, you must not do this…" the young princess of Rohan pleads, holding her best friend's left hand with both of her own in a desperate attempt to stop her from moving. "Yes, Éowyn, I must," the addressed woman replies. Her hazel eyes focus on her friend's face with a determined glare. "I did not swear an oath eight years ago to protect my king, his heir and his lands with my shield, my sword and my life only to break it now," the first shieldmaiden of Rohan answers shaking her head lightly. "If my king, under Wormtongue's manipulation, does not wish shieldmaiden protection any longer, I will oblige. But I will stay true to my word to protect lord and land. That is why I must leave. I will protect Théodred." "But we can still protect Théoden from Gríma if we stay here," Éowyn pleads again. "Éowyn," Lisswyn sighs as her patience starts to fade. She has had this conversation with Éowyn before, twice at least. And nothing her friend will say now can change her mind. "We were given a choice to either lay down our weapons and shields and resign to be only mothers, wives and servants or leave with the other riders who did not swear allegiance to Gríma and were therefore banished from Edoras." Lately, there had been ten shieldmaidens altogether. Six of them including Éowyn decided to stay. All of them have officially resigned from their duties, but secretly Éowyn will still watch out for her uncle's wellbeing as best as will be possible given the circumstances. Two shieldmaidens, sisters, have decided to return to their family at Aldburg. The older is now serving as a mere kitchen-maid, whereas her younger sister, Dargífu, is protecting prince Éomer, the Third Marshal of the Riddermark and second in line to the throne of Rohan. The remaining two shieldmaidens, Wilrun and Merelis, have already travelled to Helm's Deep to stay there with the king's son, Théodred. They have been assigned to protect the crown prince, and Lisswyn will join them now. The banished are going to ride to the Hornburg, to guard the Riddermark against the growing threats from the north and the west. "But…" Éowyn starts in a new attempt to persuade her friend but is interrupted quickly. "No, Éowyn," Lisswyn regards the young princess with a warm smile. She does understand. Éowyn has chosen to remain, but being the younger of the two and always having looked up to Lisswyn, she's looking for the approval and confidence from an elder sister. Lisswyn holds her hands against her with great affection. "I am glad you will stay behind, Éowyn. Then at least one trustworthy person will remain at the Meduseld. But I will join Théodred and his men at the Hornburg." With these words and a firm squeeze to Éowyn's hands Lisswyn signals that the conversation is over. Gently she pulls her hand from Éowyn's weakened grip, checks the adjustments of her sword at her left side and her shield on her back and takes up her saddlebags. Only a small part of her belongings fitted into them but it is all she really needs. And Éowyn will keep her other belongings safe at Edoras until she returns. Her most important belongings Lisswyn is wearing now: her battle garments containing dark brown soft leather breeches with a matching dark brown linen tunic underneath the leather armour made of hard, thick dark brown and red leather with golden inlays and chain mail sleeves and thick dark brown leather riding boots that reach up to her knees. Looking back up Lisswyn's eyes meet those of her best friend and she smiles although feeling torn up having to leave the young princess. "We will be around and guard you from a distance," she says with a gentle voice before she turns around and steps outside of the room she has been living in for the past five years in the guards' barracks behind the king's hall. Leaving the princess and Théoden behind is hard. But she is leaving with Aldor, second captain of Edoras, and his éored to join Théodred and Erkenbrand and their men at the Hornburg. This is the only way she will stay true to her oath. When Lisswyn steps outside of the barracks with Éowyn at her heels, the warm summer breeze brushes through her long strawberry blond hair. She has put it back in a long three-strand braid that ends in the middle of her back way past her shoulder blades. Taking a deep breath she takes in the land around her. The plains of Rohan shine in dark green and bright golden colours of late summer. Harvest time has started and most women and men who do not serve as riders are out on the fields. A couple of hundred feet away in front of the great stables a group of 120 men on horseback has gathered – Aldor's whole éored; the banished. With long strides Lisswyn descends the stairs leading from the Meduseld down the hill. Her horse Daeroch has been readied for her already. Quickly she straps her packed bags to his saddle and with an acknowledging nod to the stable boy who holds Daeroch's reins, she takes her stallion and mounts him swiftly. She rides up to Aldor's side. The captain speaks to his first lieutenant, "We are heading west quickly. It is a full day's ride to Helm's Deep. We will make a break at one of the creeks, but I wish to arrive before sunset." The lieutenant acknowledges the order with a sharp nod of his head before he rides back into the last line of the men. From the corner of her eyes, Lisswyn sees Éowyn linger a few feet away. Aldor seems to have noticed her as well and turns towards the princess with a reassuring smile. Éowyn does not smile back. Tears have welled up in her eyes and her mouth is shut tightly to a thin line. Seeing her friend like this makes Lisswyn's heart ache. Fighting off the urge to dismount and embrace her she forces a smile on her face trying to ease her friend's misery. There are no words left to say to make their parting any easier. "On Éorlingas," Aldor's voice sounds in the late summer's air and he urges his stallion forward to a swift canter. Lisswyn and the other 119 men follow closely. Once the éored passes the great gates of Edoras, Aldor drives his stallion to a light gallop and his men follow his lead. Sad and relieved at the same time Lisswyn turns her head to look at Edoras, the city on the hill and the golden hall on top of it, for the last time in only the Valar know exactly how long. For the first time in weeks Lisswyn feels free again. She inhales the warm summer air deeply, the scents of ripened grain, freshly cut hay and the road's dust; the scents of her childhood and youth. Free at last, she thinks with a sigh. Free from the heavy tension that dominates Rohan's capital these days ever since Gríma became the king's closest advisor; the only advisor he listens to. The last weeks at the king's halls have been sickening. Every step, every word guarded because Gríma's eyes and ears have seemed to be everywhere. He also watched them . She had seen his eyes trailing after Éowyn, unblinking, full of lust. But when the princess was not around, which was more often than not since Éowyn began avoiding Gríma, his attention turned to Lisswyn. Wormtounge's looks have never been gentle or approving only appetent. The thought of his hands, touching, grabbing, disgusted her. Thank Béma, Wormtounge is such a coward he never tried to approach her or even touch her. Not like… A cold shiver runs down her spine as an old sickening memory threatens to surface again. A memory of fear, pain and humiliation. It had taken all her strength and the help of a gentle soul to leave behind what had happened to her in her second year of shieldmaiden training. A soul she soon learned she could confide in anytime she needed it. Lisswyn blinks hard twice to keep the tears that well up in her eyes from streaming down her cheeks. She does not know whether they have come due to the old painful memories or from the warm summer breeze hitting her face in full gallop. But she surely does not wish to know exactly why either. Men sending her approving and interested looks is nothing to be worried about, she tells herself again as she has done many times in the past. It is normal. Men and women are meant to be attracted to each other, to mate, to find love. And one day she will find someone to love her, to cherish her body with gentleness and passion… 'One day, but not now,' Lisswyn tells herself. Now she is a shieldmaiden, a trained warrior, and it is all she ever wanted to be ever since she saw the king and his shieldmaidens for the very first time at the horse fair in Edoras when she was nine. Feeling the horse's movements underneath her she concentrates on her riding in jumping seat along with the rolling motion from Daeroch's back. ~ S ~ After twenty minutes in a low gallop to the west, Edoras disappears behind the outmost foothills of the White Mountains. This is when Aldor slows his men and their horses down to a slow canter and eventually to walking pace. Lisswyn can hear the men behind her murmur in low conversations, but Aldor to her right remains silent. There is nothing to discuss between them and the shieldmaiden enjoys the opportunity to stay quiet. After a while the captain at her side chuckles fondly. Surprised she turns her head to look at him. He has the average size of a good six feet and the lean but muscular stature of an Éorlinga but still sticks out among his men due to