Being born into a family of high status and wealth within the wizarding world is perhaps a dream to many. But with the grand title and vast amounts of money comes expectations. In fact, so many expectations that people lose themselves within the regimen of their lives. Although perhaps it didn't happen to everyone born into the monumental position of nobility within the wizarding world, it had become something of a growing problem. Some said this was due to the increasing risk of incestuous marriages that occurred in the process of keeping the bloodlines clean. Others thought it was perhaps the change in times. The Black sisters were counted among those who "lost themselves" in the imposing world of the pure bloods. In the beginning it had been said that the girls were impeccable in their manners; stood straight, didn't run, didn't talk unless spoken to, didn't play or gossip and definitely didn't lose their tempers. They were the angels of the pure blood social hierarchy. Brought to every ball and party unlike many of the other spoilt brats that were made to stay home, lest they embarrass their parents in public. And yet, Cygnus and Druella Black were proud of their children, dressed impeccably in the latest designs and well read, the three girls were one of the stops on every witch and wizards walk about the room. The girls childhood was made up of lessons. Each year a new lesson. Lessons on how to walk, talk, eat, drink, read, speak. Their whole life had been a series of "life lessons" as their mother called it. "A lady is taught all of this to please her husband. And one day, each of you precious girls will have their own husband to please." She'd tell them often, an angelic smile on her beautiful face. The girls were in awe of their mother and the poise she held and the love she had for a husband who would sometimes come home with other women, a husband who would make her cry and buy her gifts and make her cry again. The girls had grown up with this relationship as their role for the future and knew no better. The relationship with their father was one of terror. He entered a room and no words were spoken unless he asked something of them directly. He often made them show what they'd been taught that day; their dances, songs, readings. In their years there had been multiple hits, smacks, run ins and one sided tantrums from their father, a towering man with salt and pepper hair, dark eyes and heavy set jaw. The girls were schooled, by themselves, at home by tutors brought in especially and by their mother, leaving them to find comfort within themselves and each other. Yet as each girl entered into the world of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry they returned home possessing the knowledge of what their fellow peers within the school lived like and without the obsessive authority of their parents over them, thrived. The eldest daughter, Bellatrix Black returned with the knowledge of power and fear, enthusing about her skill in jinx's and curses from only one year of studying. The middle child, Andromeda Black came back with the knowledge of compassion and ambition, enjoying the freedom of pursuing greatness without the pressure of it being unladylike and the friends she made that were not seen as "appropriate" in societies eyes. Lastly, the youngest child, Narcissa Black returned with the knowledge of being a leader, although perhaps only the leader of her close-knit friends, she took the role very seriously, as well as a keen ambition for being the best, no matter what the cost. The three sisters learnt to keep their silence about their lives at school while at home for while at home for Christmas or summer they rarely discussed their new found freedom within the large manor house, based just outside Bath, for the house elves would often be known to snitch if the girls said or did anything that Cygnus or Druella would think improper. But as the years passed and the girls became more of the women they were to become, their true personalities became harder to hide. Bellatrix was entering into her final year of Hogwarts with Andromeda only a year behind and Narcissa entering her fourth year. It was two days before their return to Hogwarts and the girls were impatient, Cygnus and Druella however were very much looking forward to that very night. The Summer Ball was a tradition, had been for centuries and only the pureblood society were invited. The Ball had been hosted by the Malfoy's for the past hundred years and they had not disappointed this year. Black Manor that fateful day had been buzzing, house elves being rushed off their feet to prepare the inhabitants for the ball, you'd often catch sight of one hidden beneath the silks and lace of the dresses, running to their mistresses biddings. Tonight, in the eyes of Druella was especially important; an announcement was to be made, one which would greatly impact the family, for the better. Of course, the three sisters could tell that something was special about the night. The girls had been given no limit of money to spend on their dresses and had watched their mother become more and more psychotic as the day had approached. Druella and Cygnus stood in the foyer of the manor, dressed impeccably. Cygnus himself in dress robes that had been shipped from France, Druella in a long, black, silk dress that hung off her thin frame in a respectable manner. They stood waiting for the three sisters alongside one of the house elves; Huff, who held the pot of floo powder in his hands. First to arrive was Andromeda, in a silk gown, similar to her mothers however in a Slytherin green, her dark auburn hair was down and curled about her in a sophisticated manner. Next came Bellatrix in a dress of black lace that clung to her figure tightly. And after some time, Narcissa emerged in a blue gown with her blond hair pulled to one side neatly. One by one they made their way into the fireplace, grabbing a handful of floo powder as they went. Malfoy Manor was almost double the size of the Black Manor and as such was much more lavishly decorated. The foyer was marble and gold, a theme that seemed to run throughout the entire building. Waiters were stood with glasses of champagne and bars were set up throughout, ready to make any drink that could be requested. As the Black family arrived they were met by the owners of the grand estate; Abraxas and Elizabeth Malfoy, and alongside them stood their son who was in the same year as Andromeda, Lucius Malfoy, sole heir of the Malfoy legacy. The Black family were one by one greeted by each member of the family and had to exchange some form of small talk in their greetings, something the girls had learnt from a young age. Pleasantries always come first . Andromeda waited beside her mother and two sisters as Abraxas embraced Cygnus and the two men made light conversation. Andromeda looked to Mrs Malfoy and noticed the false smile splayed upon her lips and the already empty glass in hand. She knew that soon her mother would be holding a very nearly identical pose; bored and disinterested. Her eyes wandered over to Lucius, who stood beside his mother, gazing avidly at all three of the Black sisters. He met Andromeda's eye without a hint of embarrassment, in fact he made the point of letting his eyes fall to her chest where he stared until Cygnus Black was turning his attention upon him. A deep breath and Andromeda moved along to hide herself behind Bellatrix as the men were distracted in talks of gold and women. Andromeda had somehow spent her years at Hogwarts avoiding Lucius and his unwanted affections and by some miracle, although many of her friends had told her that she was idiot for passing up on such a God, she had surprisingly been left alone by him. To look at he was good looking, traditionally handsome, strong jaw, soft hair, bright blue eyes, clean. But Andromeda knew how things would pan out if she'd allowed such an interaction. He'd either have grown bored of her during their time in school and dismissed her just like he had every other girl he'd courted during their time at Hogwarts, or else they'd have been getting married; a decision that would have been made by their parents and one that they could not have avoided. Tonight though, for some reason he was staring at her with a look of hunger, one that turned her stomach over. This thought however was thrown from her mind as it was her turn to curtsey and have Abraxas's hand softly grope her through her silken dress as he moved to kiss both her cheeks, the smell of whiskey strong on his breath already. Elizabeth came next where she made short conversation on gowns and school before Andromeda turned and faced that very hungry face. "Evening Andromeda." He purred, taking her hand and lifting it to his lips where he kissed her knuckles softly, before pulling back said lips to graze her soft hand with his white teeth. Andromeda snatched her hand away in disgust before walking away. Although a look from her mother had her stopping, turning her head back to him to say a quick "Lucius" before continuing her steps away from him. "Andy!" Bellatrix muttered, hooking her arm through her sisters and making their way toward an empty bar. "Do not push your look!" Her voice was stern and her grip was tight upon her arm as she stood before the barman and asked for two glasses of champagne. "You know what will happen if father hears of your misbehaviour." She whispered into her ear before taking her glass, draining the golden liquid and asking for another. " You shouldn't be drinking that stuff so fast. Remember the last party?" Andromeda asked sipping her own glass and meandering with her sister about the room. "Yes I remember. I remember it was my favourite party so far and you know why? Because of this glorious drink! And this time I'll make sure that mother and father do not notice my absence!" Giving a wink and a pinch of her arm Bellatrix left Andromeda for the company of a dark haired man who was the reason behind Bellatrix's lack of presence at last years ball. Rolling her eyes Andromeda made her way to where her younger sister stood beside her mother who was talking to Evelyn Lestrange. "Why do you two always abandon me with mother like I'm still not allowed to walk the room without their supervision?" Narcissa hissed to her sister as she clung onto her arm and taking the champagne glass from Andromeda and drinking from it herself. "I'm not a baby anymore! I'm almost sixteen!" "Almost, but not quite little sister." Andromeda teased taking the glass from her hand and placing it beside other empties that were on the edge of the bar. " You were allowed the walk the room with Bella when you were fifteen so why can't I?" Narcissa asked continuing her walk of the room, Andromeda being dragged along beside her. "Very true. Mother and father haven't said anything on the contrary. Let's go and get another drink!" Andromeda grinned pulling her sister to the next bar, only to find themselves stood beside Lucius. "More drinks ladies?" He asked with a handsome grin, his white teeth shining brilliantly. "Please!" Narcissa whispered excitedly, a blush creeping to her pale cheeks. Narcissa had always had a slight crush on the older boy, ever since they were children she'd found him intimidating and beautiful and everything she'd possibly hoped