So a little different, because I do believe that they would have broken up and it would have been horrible but they broke up, they are a volatile couple after all. I hope you enjoy, this was written AAGES ago, keep that in mind! Review! xoxo Waking up in the overlarge bed of Viktor Krum had become something of a ritual over the last few weeks. It wasn't supposed to happen, not really. I was here for work and I had been working but I had also bumped into Viktor on the streets of Paris, he was here on Quidditch business and we'd ended up talking in the street which turned into coffee, then a dinner date that evening and somehow we'd ended up in his swanky hotel room with no clothes on. He was lovely, sweet and listened very intently to everything I said. His English had improved vastly, we could talk a lot more freely than fourth year at Hogwarts. He hadn't really done a lot since, played quidditch all over the world and trained the rest of the time. Waking up that first time in his bed had been odd to say the least. First of all, I'd had a banging headache most likely due to the red wine we'd consumed consistently throughout the night and second because he wasn't Ron. It had been nearly half a year since we'd broken up and we'd only seen each other a few times since. Awkward and short were those meetings and mainly due to Mrs Weasley. She'd invite me to the weekly summer dinners out in the garden with the entire family and friends. I only attended two the whole summer. It was so odd, not being able to speak to Ron. There were things I wanted to talk to him about but we both sat at opposite sides of the table and avoided one another the entire evenings. Harry was so angry about the whole thing. "Why can't you both just get over it. We've gone through so much, surely a bit of sex can't have ruined it?" He asked me rather loudly turning a few heads in our direction one lovely summers eve. "Harry! It's changed everything . I can't even look at him without…thinking or. Uh-I just don't want to discuss him or what we had. Ok?" I'd been scared when I had my first day on the job, thinking that we were bound to bump into one another at some point during the day but 8 months into the job and I had yet see him. This morning however I knew I'd be seeing him today, which had my stomach turning uncomfortably. Today the ministry was holding an event in memory of the Battle of Hogwarts and those who were lost. I knew I'd be seeing Ron this evening because we were each being awarded an Order of Merlin, First Class. That is myself, Ronald and Harry were. There were many other who had been within the Order of the Phoenix who were being awarded second or third class O.M's. This was a big deal, huge . My parents were invited. The whole of the wizarding world was going to be there. Everyone but Viktor. "Gut Morning." He somewhat growled and rolled toward me in the bed, wrapping an arm around my waist and pulling me against his naked, rigid body. "Morning." I say back to him and sigh. It was so nice to be held by someone again. I hadn't been with anyone but Viktor since me and Ron broke up and I felt a little more alive because of it. I was being worshipped. Literally. Viktor's lips were pressing against my neck as another more prominent part of Viktor pressed against my arse cheeks. I let his kisses cover me, down my neck to my shoulder where he moved himself so that I was laid back against the bed and he was between my legs. He kissed me hard on the lips and I let him own me. It was nice having sex with Viktor. He was very much in command. And new exactly what he was doing. But with Ron, we'd been equally as awkward and unknowing. It had been sweet and I'd actually be in control, which I enjoyed. But now, here with Viktor I let him take control because I honestly just didn't have the energy to take charge. He groped me with his large hands, kneading and pulling on my breasts so much so that it almost hurt. But he counteracted the pain with a circling finger on the nub between my legs that had me moaning. And then he was inside me, he didn't ease into anything. It was almost animalistic. His passion. He didn't take his time but bucked into me at a consistent speed that had me clutching the sheets until he came and fell back onto the bed exhausted once more. He then turned back to me and let his fingers slide between my legs once more and sucked on my nipple until I came. Exhausted we both fell back to sleep. It had become a bit of a ritual between us in this fancy hotel in Paris to wake up, have sex and then fall back to sleep for another couple of hours. When I did wake up for the second time, the sound of running water from the bathroom hit my ears and I sat up quickly to see the table full of breakfast foods. Quickly got up and grabbed one of Viktors t-shirts and sat down to eat, I was ravenous. Sat by myself with no Viktor to distract me I began to think over what the day entailed for me. I had to floo back to London and grab my dress from my flat in Diagon Alley and then apparate over to The Burrow, avoid Ron but see the rest of the Weasley's and get ready with Ginny before appearing over to the Ministry. I was going to be shattered by the end of the day I knew that much. And on top of it all I was going to be avoiding Ron and any conversation about Ron. "Vat time are you leaving today, 'Mynee?" Viktor asked from behind me. I jumped and turned to see him with a towel wrapped around his waist as he walked toward me. He wasn't the best looking man but merlin his body was, well, a work of art. I swallowed the orange juice that was in my mouth before answering, "Around 12 I'm afraid." As I said it I looked around for a clock and quickly stood chucking the glass of orange juice down on the table. "Shit!" It was already 11.30 and I had to gather my belongings that were scattered throughout this fancy hotel and get the rest of my stuff from my own hotel which I had been studiously avoiding. "Viktor-oh gosh- I have to go. Now!" I yelled over my shoulder at him as I began grabbing my belongings that were here, there and everywhere. "Ok." Was his answer. I chucked his t-shirt off and onto the floor and began putting my underwear on and the dress I'd worn for the past three days that was creased and dirty. I hated to do it but there was nothing else that I could walk out of here in. Once dressed I ran into the bathroom and grabbed my toothbrush and began brushing them furiously. In that moment I saw my reflection. My hair was wild around my head and tangled but I looked good, fresh faced and almost glowing. Out of the corner of my eye I saw movement and there was Viktor stood in the doorway a sly smile on his face as he watched me. I spat out the toothpaste and rinsed my mouth out and flashed him a grin. I could definitely get used to this. I thought, I mean Viktor was great, ambitious, perhaps not so smart but maybe that's the type of guy I go for. That's cruel really…Ron was always very clever, only when he wanted to be though.I shake that thought as Viktor's arms wrap around my waist and he rests his head on my shoulder. "Ven vill I see you again 'Mynee?" He whispered into my ear. "Soon, if you'd like to?" I ask cautiously. "I vould very much like zat." He told me with a kiss on my cheek. Before he can reach my lips once more I move away and grab my small bag full of random belongings. "I'll write as soon as I can Viktor." I call and leave the hotel room. The streets of Paris are busy and lit with the sun which is slowly heating up the pavements that I storm through to my own, less than fancy hotel.I quickly made my way to my room gather the last of my things and headed off the the Ministry in Paris to floor back to London. I arrived back in London with a little bit of soot covering me which I quickly dusted off and made my way through the wizards and witches that were in the ministry decorating, waving at those I recognised. Once out in the streets of London I made my way over to Diagon Alley and from there quickly made my way into my flat dumped my bags on the bed grabbed my dress, shoes, necklace, underwear, hair products and shoved them all into a new bag before turning on the spot, appearing to The Burrow. I landed just outside the gate that lead to that beautiful, old, rickety house that held those who I counted as family. And one other person who I could not call family for many reasons. I wanted to turn away in that moment with the thought of Ron inside that house but I saw Molly waving from the kitchen and call out that I was there, so I put a smile on my face and made my way down the path, up the porch steps and into the kitchen. There were plates being washed magically in the sink, a pile of knitting in the corner making something that looked very much like another of Mrs Weasleys famous jumpers, two owls sat on the back of one of the chairs but no one was there. I could hear voices, I mean when could you not hear voices in the Weasley household. "Ginny! Get downstairs and see to Hermione would you?" Mrs Weasley's voice came. "Yeah!" Came Ginny's voice and the stomps of feet on the stairs and then she appeared. Her red hair seemed so much longer than the last time I'd seen her. She'd obviously started her make up as her eyes were looking particularly dark. "Hermione!" She squealed and flung herself on to me, crushing my head in a vice like grip. "Hi Ginny." I choked out "Hey, sorry." She says as lets me go and takes a step back. "It's been far too long." She tells me as she grabs a bag and heads toward the stairs and I follow behind her. "I know ! I know I've been so busy-" "Avoiding us!" She states. "Well…no not you." I say. "I know that but still, we could have met up…without boys." She drops my bag next to the made up camp bed that had been mine since…what felt like forever. "I know Gin but…well I honestly have been busy with work." I tell her. "Yeah well we all know just how " busy " you've been in paris." I feel myself growing hot and the blush creeping up my neck and into my cheeks. I'd hoped nothing would have been seen but apparently not. "What…ever do you mean?" I ask turning away from her to take my dress out and prepare everything I had to do for this evening. " Hermione ! Come on! Viktor fucking Krum?!"