One shot, smutty, smutty, dut! Enjoy and review! xoxo It was the day after the battle. I woke up feeling stiff and sore and drained. I didn't think I could actually move. My eyes closed, I just lay in the comfort of a real bed. It had been a while. But here I was. Alive, in bed, in Gryffindor tower, the curtains closed keeping out the light of day and the sounds. But not keeping out Ron's light snoring breaths that came and went in consistent peacefulness. I opened my eyes, turning my body toward the sound. There he was, head laid next to mine on the pillows of his old bed. Mouth slightly opened, eyes closed, bruises and cuts littering his face, dark circles underneath his eyes but he just looked so content. I felt a smile form on my face. I felt content in that moment. It was over. I felt guilty for the comfort I felt in that moment, while people were still mourning and in pain. But we'd made it. Myself, Ron and Harry had made it through this year of absolute chaos and madness. The things we'd witnessed and been through was enough to send anyone insane. But we'd made it through, together and that's the only reason why. Together. I lifted my aching arm and let my thumb stroke Ron's cheek. Freckled and cut up as it was, it was still soft and…well it was Ron. I felt him stir and moved my hand away and backed up a little, creating a larger gap between the two of us and turning my back to him. The kiss…it was…spur of the moment. A complete surprise on both our parts. I can still see Ron's face as I pulled away at Harry's insistence. Glazed over and perhaps slightly amused. I closed my eyes at the memory. I still can't believe I actually did it. I think it was probably the idea of dying that night and many years of pent up frustration and perhaps lust? Ron groaned aloud and I felt the bed shift below me as he began to stretch. His groans turned from one of contentedness to one of pain very quickly as he stretched his body. Thats when I felt his hand hit me in the back and pull away very quickly. The tension was tangible in this very small, enclosed space. I could feel his eyes on me but I daren't turn and look at his face. He'd lost a member of his family, he needed to be with his family in reality, but I didn't want him to leave. We were finally alone, alive and safe. It was selfish but I just wanted to keep him to myself. Just for a while. "Hey." He whispered. I turned my body toward him and winced at the sudden movement. "Hi." I croaked back at him. He looked terrible. Eyes bruised and sad, black and blue spots littering his face and small red cuts all over his face. But he was smiling, sadly at me. I smiled back and moved toward him on the bed, letting my arm slide underneath his own and holding him to me. My head sat underneath his own and I felt him nuzzle his head into my hair and his arms close around me. I felt so content. The smell of him and sweat and dust surrounded me. I knew I stank too but in that moment I didn't really care. I just wanted, needed this. He suddenly shuddered slightly and began breathing unevenly and I attempted to move to see him better but he just held onto me tighter so that I couldn't move. I knew in that moment that he must have been crying and didn't want me to see. So I stayed where I was and let him hold me, until his breath evened out and he sighed heavily into my hair. His arms loosened from me and he moved away, sitting upright and crawling, slowly to the slight opening in the curtains that surrounded the bed. He opened them and flinched away from the bright sunlight streaming through the windows, as did I. I felt blinded. Through squinted eyes I watched him. He was just sat there, no the edge of the bed. Head hanging, shoulders sagged. "Ron." I said through my dry and achey throat. I sounded tortured, I need some water. He turned his head toward me at the sound of my voice and I could see the tears in his eyes as he smiled at me, sadly once more. I began to wonder whether I'd ever see his happy smile ever again. He looked like a puppy, lost and cold. Kicking the covers from my legs I too crawled to the edge of the bed and sat next to him. Thigh to thigh we sat and took in the sunshine that shone so brightly. There were other beds obviously occupied in the room. Two other beds had their curtains drawn around them. I knew Harry was in one however I had no idea who was in the other. Perhaps Neville? As I listened I heard movement from one bed and a groan of pain, obviously Harry. We sat and listened and after a while we heard his snoring begin once more. I looked up at Ron and saw that he too was looking at the bed that Harry was obviously occupying. He looked down at me and whispered, "I'm going to shower, I feel disgusting." Stood and headed off to the bathrooms across the corridor. Leaving me. Sat staring after him. I couldn't work out whether he wanted to be left alone. Or perhaps…wanted me to follow? I blushed at the thought. All we'd done is kiss, once at that. But the idea of becoming intimate had me feeling flushed and hot and embarrassed. I'd never felt like this. Or had reason to. Well, maybe I'm lying to myself, I've obviously thought about, this before now. But the idea that it could actually happen now, scared me half to death and half to…well. I stood slowly, letting my legs ease into being alive once more and walked toward the door to leave. Once on the staircase and faced with the option of joining Ron or heading to the girls bathroom I stood still. Not sure whether I was ready, whether we were ready. And then I thought about Ron. He was in mourning. He wasn't even thinking about…this. I instantly felt so completely guilty for digressing so much when he was in so much obvious pain. I walked down the staircase and up into the girls bathrooms. There I saw my reflection for the first time since before the battle. I looked horrendous. My hair was full of dust and almost looked grey as it sprouted from the band that held it up somehow. I had cuts covering my face, a bruise on my forehead and on my cheekbone. My clothes were torn and singed and covered in blood and dirt. I looked like a complete mess. I undressed carefully, beginning to see why I was hurting so much. I was covered in bruises and cuts, some pretty deep too. I began to panic when I thought that I didn't have my wand but told myself that nothing was going to happen. It was over. I didn't need it with me all the time. Getting under the stream of water from a shower was possibly the best feeling I've felt in a long time. I stared at my feet and watched the dirt flow from my body and down the plug hole. As I began washing my hair and body with whosever stuff had been left behind I began to feel tired again. So utterly exhausted. I hadn't even done anything though. I closed my eyes and let the water continue to flow, hot a steamy down my body. I heard the door shut and felt my eyes snap open in panic and I looked around myself for my wand but remembered that I'd left it behind. The door to the shower cubicle was frosted and I could only see the outline of a body with red hair stood in the entrance. "Hermione?" Called out Ginny's voice. I sighed, I'd been half terrified and half expectant that it was Ron. "Yes?" I called back. "Oh, good, Ron was worried when he couldn't find you and asked me to check in here. You ok?" She asked. "Fine, I just had to wash all this…off me." I answered. "Ok, i'll go let him know." With that she left. I felt slightly awkward, I wanted to give her a hug and tell her things would get easier but I was naked in the shower and somehow that did not seem appropriate. I quickly finished off in the shower and grabbed a towel to wrap around myself and dry off, only to realise that I had no clean clothes in here with me, having left the purple beaded bag alongside my wand in the boys room. I quickly grabbed my torn, stinking clothes and walked out into the corridor to find Ginny just stood outside one of the doors to a girls dorm. She turned as she heard my bare feet on the cold stone floor. She had tears falling down her cheeks and looked like she was yet to shower. "Oh Hermione." She croaked out and moved toward me, wrapping her arms strongly around me. My arms were trapped against my stomach and hers with clothes in my arms. I dropped them and wrapped my own arms back around her. It seemed she'd grown in the past year, mentally and physically. Sh was bent over slightly to rest her head on my shoulder and cry. "M-mums in there and I can just hear her crying, I don't think she'd even slept yet and I feel hopeless and helpless and I haven't even seen Harry properly. I thought he was dead!" She cried out. I rubbed her back in some sort of comfort until she pulled away and wiped her eyes. I bent down and collected the pile of clothes and told her "Harry's asleep, but I can wake him and send him down to you if you like?" "No, no. Don't-don't wake him up, he needs to sleep. He's done so much. He needs to rest. I-I can wait." She gave me a false flash of a smile and turned away headed back up to her own dorm. I too turned away, in the opposite direction, down the stairs and through the empty common room and back up the stairs to the boys dorm. I was freezing now, the castle was cold, even with the sun shining, and my wet hair was dripping down my back and leaving trail of cold water in its wake. Opening the door I found Ron and Harry sitting opposite one another on their separate beds having a quiet conversation. It stopped as Harry looked up and saw me stood awkwardly in the doorway, wrapped in a large white towel my dirty clothes in front of me. Ron turned his head toward me too and I watched his eyes as they moved over my body quickly before they reached my eyes. He looked clean and a little healthier now. Not quite so pale, but the bruises and cuts still stood out sorely against his skin. Harry stood and moved toward the door. "I'm going to grab a shower now. I'll see you guys later ok?" He said as he moved toward the door and I moved further into the room. "Yeah we'll see you in a bit mate." Ron said as I nodded and smiled back at him as he left. Turning back to Ron I saw him staring again. I stood there, stock still. Nervous to move. I felt almost as though I was stood there completely naked, the