(This is the Updated version. I will add the other updated versions later on as I go back and fix a few things.) Chapter 1 Secret Council of Rivendell Rivendell was even more beautiful than I had ever imagined. Then again it was built by the elves, and everything they did was beautiful, from the way they walked and talked, to their fighting style. Looking up at my older brother I give him a big smile hoping it shows him how happy I am that he brought me along. "Tell me brother, is this your first time here?" I ask throwing my arms out as if to take it all in. Boromir just laughs and rumples my hair. "Yes sister, even I have yet to have been everywhere," admiration shines through my eyes as I recall his tales of adventure. Unlike him though, this is my first time out of Gondor. Since my father is the Steward of Gondor and my mother died giving birth to me, he has always wanted me close by. Father always says that I am the image of my mother, having her soft raven curls and bright icy blue eyes. My build is also similar to her's, with me being more slender than most girls. Though unlike most girls I could hold my own in a fight if it came down do it. My brother's made sure of that. Practically training me since I could walk. Unlike my brothers who preferred sword and shield, I prefer to be a rogue, a master in the art of stealth and disguise, but my real desire is to become an archer. To be able to help protect those I love in a fight from a distance. "Sweet sister are you thinking of home again?" Boromir asks with a bit of concern. I only shake my head. My brother had walked with me to a room that has been assigned for me to use while we are visiting. Looking around and admiring the architecture of these halls I wonder what it must be like to actually live in a place as beautiful and peaceful as this. "Just thinking of Faramir and Father. What do you they could be doing right now?" My brother only laughs as a far off look emerges on his face. "Knowing our brother he shall be doing anything that might appease our dear father. You know how much Faramir yearns for our father's approval," I give a soft smile to him as I know this to be true. 'I truly hope that someday father realizes what an amazing man Faramir has turned out to be and will give him the same love and affection that he so obviously gives Boromir.' I think to myself. "Now go get ready, the Council shall be starting soon." "Really? Do you know who all shall be in attendance?" My curiosity has piqued. I find it very curious that Lord Elrond is calling a secret council now of all times. Maybe the threats of Mordor that have been plaguing my people have finally caught his attention. Though that does not seem to be correct. Why would the elves want to help, from what I hear many of them are leaving these shores. No, if it was that it would just be Men that would have called a meeting. It must be about that thing father was talking to Boromir about.. "Representatives from every Race shall be here..." He trails off. From the look on his face I can see that there is something he is not telling me. Immediately he clears his throat to get my attention. "It would not be wise to keep Lord Elrond wait, dear sister." With that Boromir turns on his heel and starts to walk away. Quickly refocusing I rush after him, totally forgetting what I was supposed to be doing in the first place. Taking the seat next to Boromir I scan the people assembled. I feel slightly ashamed that the first thing I look for are their weaknesses. It's not my fault that I grew up knowing the only ones that you can trust are your family members, and even then you must have a slight guard up. My eyes soon meet with beautiful blue eyes of one across from me. They belong to a tall, slender elf with long blond hair. Almost mesmerized it takes all my willpower to look away and focus on Lord Elrond. "Strangers from distant lands, friends of old. You have been summoned to answer the threat of Mordor. Middle Earth stands on the brink of destruction. No one can escape it. You will unite or you will fall. Each race is bound to this fate, this one doom. Bring forth the ring Frodo." Elrond's says, his voice demanded that we listen. My attention is once again drawn away by the whispering voices all around. Looking over I see that a young man, almost the size of a child is retaking his seat. My eyes are drawn towards a small golden ring that lay innocently on the center of a pedestal. "In a dream...I saw the Eastern sky grow dark." Boromir stands up, his gaze fixed on the ring. Personally I didn't get what made these people go crazy with desire for the Ring. "But in the West...a pale light lingers and a voice was crying, 'Your doom is near at hand.'" Finally he starts reaching for the Ring. "Brother!" I shout, the same time Lord Elrond calls his name. Fear immediately grips my heart when even my voice can't break him from his trance. This just goes to show that something so small can cripple even the strongest of Men, and that was a frightening thought. He seemed to be mumbling something but I was unable to catch on. Boromir has been acting very strangely since the Halfling brought out the Ring. My thoughts are put to an abrupt stop as splitting pain wreaks havoc through my head and body. I find the source to be the wizard shouting strange, dark words. "Never before has a voice uttered the words of that tongue here in Imladris!" Lord Elrond said as he looked towards the wizard. Gandalf is standing with a frightful face. "I do not ask your pardon, Master Elrond!" He replied and made his way back to his seat. Only to say, "For the Black Speech of Mordor may yet be heard in every corner of the West! The Ring is altogether evil!" My eyes immediately go to my brother hoping he will see it for the danger it truly is. "No, it is a gift to the foes of Mordor. Why not use this Ring?" This drew many wary glances and mistrusting stares. None of which fazed him. "Long has my father, the Steward of Gondor, kept the forces of Mordor at bay. By the blood of our people are your lands kept safe! Give Gondor the weapon of the Enemy! Let us use it against him!" I give him a look that makes him see that I sincerely hope he is just fooling around and not actually serious. Unfortunately I'm wrong. "You cannot wield it! None of us can, the ring answers to Sauron alone! It has no other master." My gaze turns to see who rebuked my brother. Instantly my eyes meet the hazel eyes of a man that looks somewhat familiar.. 'Something about this man is very familiar,' I think softly to myself. 'But where have I seen him before?' "And what a mere ranger know of this matter?" Boromir almost sneers looking at the ranger in an almost disgusted look. "This is no mere ranger! He is Aragorn son of Arathorn! You owe him your allegiance." I am shocked to hear blue eyes speak. This news is a shock to both my brother and me as we have both heard stories of this man, and how he is Isildur's heir. The man that turned his back on his people and choose exile, the man who was not to be seen when his people needed him most. "Aragon?" Boromir said in a hushed tone, looking back at him with disbelief. "This is Isildur's heir?" "And heir to the throne of Gondor." The elf finished. I clench my fist at hearing this as I think back on how if he truly wished to be the heir of Gondor he would have been there when Orcs repeated raided our shores and killed our people. "Havo dad...Legolas." Aragon says in what sounds like Elvish. "Gondor has no king, Gondor needs no king!" Boromir spat as he returned to his seat next to me. Gently I rest a hand on his arm as a way of comfort, hoping to quell his rage as well as my own at hearing this. Having been raised to believe that he chose exile of his own people makes my blood boil, knowing fully well how much our people have suffered as they pray for the rightful heir to come and take his rightful place on the throne of Gondor. It kills me to know how hard my father has worked to keep the peace and protect his citizens. If this Ranger won't claim his birth rite then they should just name my father king as our family has been the Stewards of the land for many generations. All because this man won't take the throne. It saddens me greatly to know that the White Tree shall never blossom as it once did until the rightful heir sits upon the throne. "Aragon is right we cannot use it." Gandalf said. Lord Elrond finally decided to intervene. "You have but one choice. The Ring must be destroyed." "Then what are we waiting for?" a dwarf with a thick fiery red beard and thick chain-mail armor says as he stands up, grabs his axe and swings it with all his might at the Ring, hoping to destroy it. Due to the stories I had heard since infancy, I knew that it was not that simple. If it was, then all of us wouldn't be sitting here right now. With a loud crash the dwarf is thrown back and lands with a thump on his back. The axe he used was now shattered all over the ground. "The Ring cannot be destroyed Gimli, son of Glorin, by any craft we here possess." Lord Elrond says sparing him a short look. "It was made in the fires of Mount Doom, and only there can it be unmade. It must be taken deep into Mordor and cast back into the fire chasm from whence it came." I held my breath knowing what would most likely come next, "One of you must do this." A sigh escapes me with the knowledge that this is almost a suicide mission. "One does not simply walk into Mordor. Its Black gates are guarded by more than just orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep, and the Great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland, riddled with fire, ash and dust. The very air is poisonous fumes. Not with ten thousand men could you do this" my brother said, "It is folly". He was right but this had to be done, otherwise the whole of Middle Earth will be doomed. "My brother is right!" I declare, drawing every eye to me. "To send anyone into the caverns of Mount Doom would be suicide. They would not be able to even reach the Black Gate before alerting a patrol of Orcs to their whereabouts. That is, if they are able resist the Ring for as long as a journey such as this would take." "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond has said? The Ring must be destroyed!" says the blue-eyed elf, standing up. His gaze locks on my brother and me but is soon drawn away. "And I suppose you think you're the one to do it?" the