Inspired by The Risks We Take by Cattatra. Having seen a story which intrigued me, I contacted the author after realising that they didn't plan to continue the story and obtained permission to adopt the story. Despite my making gratuitous changes to Cattatra's projected story plan and foreshadowing, this is still based on her tale: The Risks We Take. Big thanks to Cattatra for letting me adopt zer story. :) Inspired by The Risks We Take by Cattatra. Having seen a story which intrigued me, I contacted the author after realising that they didn't plan to continue the story and obtained permission to adopt the story. Despite my making gratuitous changes to Cattatra's projected story plan and foreshadowing, this is still based on her tale: The Risks We Take. Big thanks to Cattatra for letting me adopt zer story. :) Headmaster Dumbledore sat across from a fidgety, but defiant Trelawney in an upper room in the Hog's Head Inn. He flicked open her dossier and made a show of examining it again. "Madame," he reiterated, "you have no practical skills, no accreditation, and no verified true prophecies." Sibyll opened her mouth, doubtless to go over her inane "Inner Eye" excuse again, before suddenly going utterly stiff, eyes rolling back in her head. Dumbledore rolled his own eyes. "Madame, you are hardly going to sway me by making a false prophe…" he trailed off as a haze sprung up around her and a small, clear glass ball appeared in front of her in the mist. The Ministry had a nation-wide spell in place that detected outbreaks of true prophecy and sent a memory globe to record it. This was the real thing. Albus leaned forward, enthralled. "The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies ..." Sibyll gasped and fell forward, nearly pitching headfirst off her settee. She picked herself up, seemingly unaware of what had just occurred. "I shan't stand for being insulted any longer." she declared. "I saw as I gazed into my crystal ball this morn that you would be intractable and an unbeliever." Albus smiled benignly, mind racing with the need to keep this prophetess close at hand. "Actually, Madame Trelawny, I would like to offer you the Divination Professor position at Hogwarts…" Albus felt like dancing, punching the air, celebrating. He finally had an edge over Voldemort. He knew it wasn't his own destiny to defeat the Dark Lord; he had done his fated duty with his defeat of his ex-loved, the brilliant, mad, Grindelwald, who he still mourned… No, the fates would not ask it of him to end yet another unlucky soul, only led to delusions of power and grandeur by the cruel vagaries of life. It could not, would not be, his responsibility. He had known that it was his duty to guard the wizarding world until the hero arose. And yet…he sincerely hoped that the vague prophecy referred to a child already born. The phrasing could indicate any boy child born in late July whose parents had opposed Voldemort three times. However, he had a sinking feeling that the child would be Lily or Alice's offspring; both were due in late July. Albus called Fawkes to his side and attached a duplicating paper to his familiar's leg. "Deliver this to the Order." he requested, petting the brilliant gold and red plumage. Fawkes trilled in acquiescence and disappeared in a burst of flame. All over Britain, weary and frightened, brave souls were finding a paper drifting down over their heads in a puff of flame. Their hearts each lightened, in turn, as they read instructions for a new meeting of the Order, two weeks hence. "So…we're watching for the fulfilment of a prophecy, the details of which you won't tell us, but we still need to alert you if we think it's being fulfilled. Does that about summarise it?" Fabian Prewett had a sceptical eyebrow raised as he addressed Dumbledore, who, being in the beginning stages of mental breakdown as he was really a very old man, completely failed to grasp the sarcasm. "Precisely, Fabian." he agreed, nodding benevolently. Fabian eyed Gideon, who shrugged fatalistically. The Order made mental note of their new instructions, and fidgeted in their chairs, each wanting to be home with their families so they could see them, and know they were safe. "James….Frank," Dumbledore went on, "I believe you should be more careful than usual with your wives' safety. I have a tip that suggests that Voldemort may be coming after your families. James's lips were flat and his face was drawn. "Your new pet Death Eater spy?" he asked, referring to Dumbledore's announcement at the last meeting that Severus Snape was now spying for the Order. James had been most displeased to discover that he had turned to Dumbledore to protect Lily, when the snivelling coward had been the one to put in her danger in the first Merlin-damned place. Dumbledore frowned disapprovingly at James. "You know that Severus puts his life on the line every day to bring us information." he scolded gently. James, not cowed at all, ignored Dumbledore and put Snape out of his head. "What other measures should we take? I've had the strongest wards available put on the house…" Frank seconded him. Dumbledore twinkled benignly down at the two. "I've recently come into possession of a book that has instructions for the Fidelius Ward…" he trailed off, and watched everyone's eyes light up. James grinned through his sweat and grime at Lily, who stood under the front stoop of their Godric's Hollow home, protected from the flying rain. "It's up!" he shouted happily. "Hah, Voldemort! You won't find us now, will you?" he laughed again, and twirled in a circle. Lily giggled on the porch. "Come inside and help me unpack, dear." she requested, motioning towards their boxes of possessions that lined the hall. The Fidelius unfortunately interfered with the Potter's ancestral home's wards, and had to be cast separately. James had surreptitiously purchased Godric's Hollow from a distant cousin to use for their safehouse during the war upon hearing about the Fidelius's requirements. James darted across the yard and bounded up the stairs to face Lily. She flicked a series of quick charms at him, cleaning, drying, and warming him, and he took her in his arms and kissed her thoroughly, one hand caressing her very-pregnant stomach. "What're we going to name her?" he asked. Lily smiled. "Him." James laughed. "Her! And she'll be redheaded and gorgeous just like her amazing Mum." Lily melted against and cuddled into James's shoulder happily. "Are we going to go for ancient and dignified, or a bit more modern like your name?" she asked, slipping her fingertips into his and drawing him into the house to collapse on the sofa. "Modern?" James more asked than said. "I really like the name Kyleigh, but I don't like the 'K' part of it. "Ayleigh, then?" Lily suggested. James hummed happily in acquiescence. "And for your theoretical son?" he asked. "Let's not name it after me. The Junior trope is just so tacky." he declared. "Perseus? Demetrius? Draconius? Orion?" Lily suggested, giggling madly as James growled with each suggestion. "Hank? Mike? Peter? Caleb?" retorted James, tickling Lily gently who gasped and doubled over, accidentally knocking James in the head. "Lils? Are you all right?" James demanded, bounding to his feet. Lily raised a very pale face to meet James's worried eyes. "Think I've just gone into labour." she said slowly, gripping her abdomen and wrinkling her nose with pain. A moment later, she released a long breath as the contraction stopped and reached up for James's hand and hauled herself to her feet. "Shall I call Healer Janice and ask her to come here?" James asked worried, then swore vociferously under his breath. "We haven't given her the secret yet! Peter!" he bellowed into the fireplace, barely managing to throw a handful of floo powder in before he stuck his head over the hearth. Lily made her way slowly up the stairs as her scatterbrained husband shouted orders to their Secret Keeper to fetch the Healer for them. Despite her concern at not being able to deliver in a hospital—for safety concerns—she still laughed softly to herself at James's inability to keep a clear head when confronted with one, single, solitary contraction. Six hours later, the evening of July 31st, 1980, a tiny, wrinkled, green-eyed Ayleigh Potter took her first squalling breath and wrapped her dad around her little finger with the same action. Janice left the birth certificate with them; with all the unrest making it unsafe for any knowledge of really, any kind to become commonly known, the Ministry was accepting birth and wedding registries up to two years after the events actually took place. The Healer smiled at the family as she showed herself out the door: James was curled up around Lily's petite form, and both were cooing at the tiny baby girl they jointly held in their intertwined arms. "Told you it would be a girl." James said smugly. "Prat." Lily retorted with a tired laugh, leaned against James's shoulder, and yawned in unison with their newborn. Dumbledore was twinkling benignly down at the little Potter girl as she just barely managed to totter from the couch to James's arms. He supressed a sigh at the knowledge that Ayleigh was clearly not the Child of Prophecy, since the prophecy clearly said he, and she was just as obviously not a he. Not that Dumbledore wanted someone in specific to be the Chosen One, but Neville Longbottom…that just really wasn't the name of a hero. The Leader of the Light, The Last Bastion of Defence Against The Forces Evil, stood up and resolved to go over the prophecy again: perhaps it did refer to an older child after all. Wasn't one of the Weasley boys born in July? Percy, perhaps? Lily swept into the room and tickled Ayleigh who shrieked with laughter. Dumbledore winced and surreptitiously cast a sound-dampening charm over his ears. Lily turned to face him, holding the giggling Ayleigh on her hip. "Thanks for watching her while I put the pot roast in the oven." she said, "Are you certain you can't stay for lunch" Albus shook his head as the floo glowed green and James stepped through, tripped over a pumpkin placed there as a Hallowe'en decoration, and stopped to shake ashes off his head. He paused, mid-shake when he noticed Dumbledore sitting on his sofa, looking less than dignified with baby drool on the end of his beard, and pink play-dough handprints on his lime green robes. "Albus!" he greeted the old man, "didn't realise you were here. Say, when can we announce Ayleigh's birth?" he asked. "We've kept mum as to her being a girl –even hinted she was a boy, like you told us to—but it would be nice to update our wills to include her, set up her Hogwarts trust fund, and enter her into the Potter family legally." Lily jumped as a timer from the kitchen sounded and deposited Ayleigh onto the floor before flying off to the kitchen. Albus looked regretful. "I'm afraid I don't know yet." he told them, "And your forbearance is greatly appreciated." James made a bit of a face and fortified himself with a deep breath. "Is this about the prophecy?" he asked, "I'm it relates to either the Longbottoms or us, from the hints you've dropped, but how does keeping Ayleigh and Neville's