Just a little smut, but with a twist ;) All response welcomed! *Please note that the change in tense is deliberate :) Katniss barely had enough time to register that Peeta was standing on her doorstep, wearing grey sweats, a loose tank top that displayed his muscular biceps and a baseball cap, his golden curls peeking out from the edge, before he pushed her up against the wall and kissed her. She giggled, and he grinned against her lips, kicking the door shut with his foot. "Hey." He said, finally pulling away and letting her slide down the wall. "You came." She whispered, gazing up at him. His eyes were impossibly blue- like the sky on a summer day, clear and seemingly endless. His pupils were shining, and flecks of green and gold surrounded the edge of his irises. She loved his eyes. They took her breath away. "You hinted," He said, capturing her mouth in another smouldering kiss, tasting the strawberry ice cream she was eating earlier on. She sucked on his bottom lip, looking up at him through her thick eyelashes. "I would've been here soon but Coach Marr kept the entire team back to do laps." "Bad luck." Katniss murmured, admiring the way the rapidly setting sun lit up his face, highlighting the sharp contours of his skull. "I must've jumped at least five red lights on the way here." Peeta confessed, his hands sliding down her narrow waist, over her hips until he cupped her ass, pressing her close to him. Katniss wrapped her legs around him, and he carried her up the stairs, kissing her softly the entire time. Burning heat pooled low in her stomach, rippling through her in intoxicating waves that made her fingers and toes tingle. Once they reached bedroom, Peeta let her back down, turning to lock the door. "Eager much?" She said airily, snatching his hat and slipping it on. "I think you're the eager one. Your hints were as subtle a punch to the stomach." "Thanks." She said sarcastically, biting her lip. "You're welcome." Peeta steps forward, cupped her face in his hands and kissed her. Katniss pushed him back onto the bed, settling herself above him. Her centre ached for him, and she moaned, grinding down against him. She swallowed his groan but squealed when he hooked his leg around hers, pulling her underneath him in one smooth motion, pressing hot open-mouthed kisses against the tender skin of her neck. Grasping the bottom of his shirt, she yanked it upwards. He raised his arms to help pull it off, and she mapped his torso with her fingertips, grey eyes wide as if she'd never seen his bare form before. Spanning his broad shoulders were light brown freckles, and covering his back, marring the soft skin, were jagged pink scars-permanent reminders of his violent, alcoholic mother. Mrs Mellark took a belt and whipped her son when he was thirteen, and worked him while the wounds were still fresh, ripping the flesh open, preventing the gashes from healing. Blood stained his shirts, trickling down into his pants. He collapsed onto the pavement –delirious- and Katniss just happened to stumble upon him. After a long struggle, she managed to drag him back to her house, and Mrs Everdeen and Prim patched him up. During his recovery on the Everdeen's kitchen table, Katniss and Peeta grew close, forming an unbreakable bond over loosing both their fathers. They were watching a football game, huddled together on the bleachers, when Peeta first kissed her- almost a year after his whipping. At first, she was shocked. Her best friend was kissing her. On the lips. He had apologised profusely afterwards, but she had kissed him back. They were inseparable, growing to love each other more and more as time went by. "Peeta!" Katniss gasped, yanked out her thoughts, her mouth falling open as she arched her back against the mattress. Peeta chuckled darkly, popping open the buttons on Katniss' check shirt and to palm her breast through her lacy bra. Flinging the garment away, he latched on to her hardened peak, sucking it into his mouth. Katniss gripped onto his sides, her nails leaving behind red crescent moon shapes, feeling the mass of muscles built up from years of wrestling and work at his parent's bakery move under his pale skin. "Should I stop?" He asked, tugging her ear lobe between his teeth. He knew that was he weakness. "N-no," Katniss panted. "Don't stop." "But your Mom will be back from work. What about Prim?" "Mom's working till four. Prim's at Rue's." Katniss explained. "Alright then," Peeta whispered with a depraved gleam in his eye. "That means that I can do this." "W-what are you talking abo-?" Katniss asked curiously, but was cut off when Peeta ground down against her center his hardness causing a delicious friction, even through his sweats and her clothing. A strange, animalistic groan escaped her lips, sounding almost pained, and she held him close to her. She could feel how hard he was already, and scrabbled at his sweats, pushing them down with her feet. He removed her shirt, unhooked her bra swiftly due to years of practice, and pulled her shorts down. She lifted her hips up off the mattress to assist him, but pulled him back down to hover above her, twisting her fingers in the curls at the nape of his neck. Peeta dipped his head low, kissing slowly down her body, over her heaving breasts, over her flat stomach and sticking-out ribs. She inhaled deeply when he tucked her legs over his shoulders, only to let it out with a delighted sigh when he spread her folds and dragged his tongue through them, right up to her clit. Her hands reached down to thread through his hair, and he hummed against her skin. The vibrations made her squirm against his mouth, and he had to lay an arm over her hips to keep her still. His tongue dipped into her again and again and she cried out, her toes curling against the sheets. Katniss shuddered, her breathing rapidly growing shaky. Peeta traced through her folds, lapping up her arousal eagerly as her hips bucked up against his mouth. She came with a broken cry, her hands flexing and balling into fists in his hair, tugging at the roots forcefully. He slid back up to face her, kissing her again as she slowly regained her sense of balance on the bed, a lazy smile on her lips. Her legs fell open easily and he positioned himself at her entrance, holding himself up as to not crush her under his weight. "I don't have a condom." He said, the thick bands of muscles in his arms trembling. She gazed up at him, her lips swollen and parted. What did she do to get someone as good as Peeta as her boyfriend? He was popular, handsome, and charming. His lips could spin words of gold (among other things) and somehow she had him all to herself. "It's okay," She smiled, trailing her knuckles over the side of his face. "We don't need anything." Peeta raised his eyebrows. "Are you on the pill?" He questioned. She nodded. Peeta smirked before pushing into her, covering her mouth with his and swallowing her moan. Yet again, she arched her back, her sensitive nipples scraping against his chest. He shivered, biting down on her lip. After all this time, he still couldn't get used to the feeling of her walls clenching tightly around him. She couldn't get used to the feeling of him filling her to the very brim, forcing her to stretch in order to accommodate. He was big, but he was big in every way, whether it were the size of his heart or his towering height. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark were polar opposites on the outside. She was petite but muscular, barely reaching five foot four, with mesmerising grey eyes and sleek hair the colour of coal. Her skin was tanned from being outside so much, and came from the Seam- the poorest of poor. He, on the other hand, was the blonde-haired, blue-eyed, broad-shouldered youngest son of the baker. Soaring over his girlfriend, Peeta was well built. Katniss' head reached just below his shoulders, and even when she very rarely wore heels there wasn't much of a difference. Despite the prejudice surrounding their relationship, they loved each other fiercely. On the inside they were the same: intensely protective of the things and people they loved, yet managed to complement each other perfectly. While she was a raging inferno, he was a mellow breeze- strong enough to keep her going, but soft enough to keep her contained. Not a day went pass when they didn't miss their fathers. Katniss wished that her Dad could see what an amazing man she had ended up dating, and Peeta wanted his father to see that he had finally gotten the girl he loved. Peeta could've had anyone- there were certainly many girls at school who adored him- but he had chosen Katniss. And she couldn't say no. Peeta shifted his hips back, pulling out until just the tip of his cock was grazing her folds. She whimpered plaintively when he pushed back in, wrapping her legs around his waist as they moved against each other, two becoming one. He gathered her in his arms, grinding slow and deep and long, coxing soft mewls from her throat. She fisted the duvet as he continued to slide in and out of her, whimpering as her fingers flexed on his shoulders. "Are you okay?" He asked, pausing his movements. "Yes!" She gasped, opening her eyes, her pupils fat and round. He was sure that his eyes were darkened with lust as well. "You're just so much bigger than last time." He groaned, her words sending shivers down his spine. "Do you want to sit on top?" He offered, knowing that whenever she felt discomfort in the missionary position she would find it easier to ride him, keeping it at her own pace. He was comfortable with pretty much any position they tried, and watching Katniss ride him, her breasts bouncing as she slid up and down his length, rotating her hips and leaning forward to stimulate her clit was something he enjoyed immensely. He wasn't about to say no. "No, keep going." She urged him on, rolling her hips up against his to encourage him. Ever concerned about his partner's wellbeing, Peeta kissed her slowly before continuing. Katniss didn't know where to put her hands; one minute they were cradling his face, the other tracing over his scarred back, but she eventually settled on his shoulders. Mewling desperately, she met his thrusts with equal enthusiasm, writhing beneath him. He sucked ruthlessly against her neck. She'd get a hicky, that was certain. She said they were tacky, but he knew that she took pride in displaying it at school, and laughing at all the cheerleaders who gasped because ' the slag-heap queen was with Peeta Mellark'. Besides, a hicky was a like a placard- a reminder of home. Whilst the bakery was his home, it was empty and angry and unloving, filled with memories of his father and bloodstains over the walls from when Aymee Mellark had lashed out at her sons. To Peeta, Katniss was the home he wanted. She was kind and loving and so much more better than the horrible woman who gambled his hard-earned money, burnt his paintings, let her one night stands beat him and ran over his pet cat when he was ten. Katniss had one of his paintings framed and hanging in her room. She loved him. Clenching his jaw, he forced himself to make her come first. It was only polite. But she buried her face into the sweaty skin of his shoulder and bit down hard, and he struggled not to bust his nut. She was close,