I wrote this to ease myself into the writing process after having a bit of a break from fanfiction. This is part 1 of 2. Enjoy! Coffee It was the worst Cappuccino she'd ever tasted – and being her, she told them so. Her braid almost whacked her in the face as she twirled around on the sidewalk. Several people around her shot her grumpy glares as they stumbled to move past her as she marched in the opposite direction of the flow of people. She grimaced at the overly bitter coffee and sour-tasting milk that lingered on her lips. The coffee she ordered was a Pumpkin Spice and Cinnamon Cream Cappuccino. She usually got a bog-standard coffee with extra milk to keep her awake until lunchtime, but the specials board on the wall above the blonde guy at the cash register had caught her eye. Usually the chalk board was plain, written in white chalk with realistic drawings of coffee cups and sugar cubes and cupcakes and cookies surrounding the text. Mellarks started out as a bakery, selling bread, pastries and other baked treats. They branched out into selling drinks about two years ago, and the quickly become so popular that they bought the adjoining building next door after the previous owner went into retirement. It's been renovated into a small café area. There are a good thirty booth-style tables to sit at, and it's almost always busy. Katniss has never actually stayed at Mellarks to drink coffee and eat what she's sure will be a golden, sugary pastry in peace. She's always been too busy or too skint. Really, she's too busy right now to turn around and storm back into the shop and demand that something be done about the god-awful coffee. Haymitch specifically requested that she be at his desk with a full report on the local forestry protection program at 9a.m. sharp. It's currently 20 to 9. She should be running for the subway. Katniss pushes the door open instead. All her annoyance, however, lessens as she takes in the line of people queuing up at the counter. Mellarks is seen as a trendier place to go instead of Starbucks, but truthfully, this place is of a better quality than Starbucks and that's what makes it so appealing. Two minutes ago when Katniss first came into the cafe, it was near enough empty. She'd arrived in the middle of one of the rare and fleeting moments when there was a reprieve in customers. If it was like that now she would have no problem with stalking up to the cashier and asking for a new drink. But now, with twenty or so people there to witness her outburst, she can't. Biting her lip, she joins the back of the line and waits. The massive clock on the wall by the specials board looms down over her, reminding Katniss of her deadline set by Haymitch. 'I'll buy the old man a coffee for him to hide his liquor in, ' she decides, sneering at two twelve-year-olds that walk past with 'Mrs Bieber' and 'Miss Harry Styles written on their cups. The line moves firmly quickly, the guy at the counter moving swiftly and efficiently, collecting orders in practiced, fluid motions. She repeats her argument on why she should get a new coffee in her head, chanting the words over and over until she reaches the counter. "Good Morning, how can I help you?" She looks up, and her mouth falls open. Her rehearsed script vanishes, along with her brain's ability to function properly. This guy isn't the one who served her. Sure, he has the same blue eyes, blonde hair, broad shoulders and chiselled Adonis look about him, but this guy is... different. He must be about her age. The blue cotton shirt he wears has a light dusting of flour on it, and his golden hair is gently tousled, as if he's literally just rolled out of bed. His eyes are bright and friendly, and the smile on his lips rises higher on the left that on the right, revealing a crater-like dimple in the middle of his smooth cheek. His biceps bulge almost comically - she'd laugh if she wasn't so shocked - as he leans forward on the counter, a gesture that would seem aggressive if it weren't for the sheer happiness that radiates off this guy. In fact, she finds herself wanting to lean closer. This is not the guy that served her five minutes ago. Her eyes make their way up to the name tag pinned just above his heart. Peeta. "Peeta," she murmurs, testing the word out. "Uh, hi? How can I help?" Peeta repeats his question, smiling patiently at Katniss. "Sorry," she whispers, dragging her gaze upwards to his face. Her cheeks burn a red she's sure looks ridiculous. She just stood there, checking this guy out. "Take all the time you need." Peeta nods his head, his lips parting in a cheeky grin to reveal a set of pearly white teeth. Katniss shifts nervously. She can't help but read into the double-meaning of his words. "I, err, came in here a minute ago. This coffee is... disgusting," she spits it out eventually, and backpacks hastily at Peeta's surprised reaction to her harsh words. "No, sorry, I meant that this wasn't exactly what I ordered," she mumbles. Shit. She's got a shitty coffee, an undoubtedly crabby colleague to get to, and now she's drooling over some guy she's literally just met and making a complete and utter fool of herself. Good going, Katniss. "No, please don't apologise," Peeta yanks Katniss out of her head with a sharp tug, and Katniss blinks at how genuinely sorry he sounds. "Would you like a refund? Or how about a new drink and a free one on the house?" "The second option would be appreciated," Katniss tells him with a wry smile. "Let me get you a fresh cup then," Peeta says, reaching his hand out for the cup in her hand. Dumbfounded, Katniss hands it over, electricity shooting through her arm when his fingers brush hers. He doesn't seem to notice, turning and tossing the cup away and reaching for a new one. "What's your order then?" "Oh. The Pumpkin and Cinnamon Cappuccino from the special board, with extra milk and foam." Katniss says. Peeta's happy-go-lucky attitude confuses her. How can anyone possibly be that optimistic? She wonders if it's just her usually cynical attitude to life that's making her think this way. People can be happy, she thinks to herself. Just because you're sad and messed up most of the time, it doesn't mean that everyone else has to be- why should they be sad just because you are? Katniss blinks, struggling to come to terms with her own conscience yelling at her. "Miss?" "Yes?" Katniss looks up. Peeta chuckles. "Don' take it the wrong way, but you seem a little… out of it today," he laughs. Katniss blushes. What the hell is wrong with her? "I guess I really- uh, need this coffee," she says, cringing at the sound of her voice as it breaks at the end. "Apparently so." "Yeah…" "And for the second cup?" "A regular coffee with two extra shots and double the sugar." Haymitch is a mess even with a full night's sleep. Katniss can't imagine how pissed he's gonna be when she finally gets to work. A high-caffeine, high-sugar drink might just calm him. "That's one hell of a drink." Peeta chuckles from the machine he's using. Katniss stares at his ass. Those jeans are a great fit. "Haymitch needs a hell of a drink," Katniss grimaces. Peeta chuckles again. Katniss smiles. "Haymitch your boyfriend?" "Definitely not!" Katniss snorts. "He's my boss." "You work at Twelve Press?" "Yeah," Katniss frowns. Peeta turns and hands her Haymitch's drink before moving back to the machine to start on hers. "How'd you know that?" "I read that magazine on my way to work every Wednesday. Are you Katniss Everdeen?" "I am. You've seen my pieces?" "They're the best part of the magazine, to be honest. I like your reporting style." Peeta flashes her a sheepish smile over his shoulder. Katniss tries to suppress her own. "Can you flirt later?" A voice sounds out behind her and she whirls round to scowl at the smartly-dressed business-man behind her. " No . Some of us have got to get to work," she says, arching an eyebrow. They man sneers and looks away. Katniss turns and find Peeta watching her. "Keep your claws in," he says, sliding her cup over the counter. She rolls her eyes. "Sorry about the first drink. I hope these make up for it." Peeta smiles. Katniss nods and takes the drinks. "Thanks." "See you around," Peeta calls to her as she steps away. She doesn't miss the grin on his face that takes on an almost sly edge. "Sorry about the wait." Katniss hears him tell the business-man as she exits the shop. "About damn fucking time, sweetheart!" Haymitch grouches as Katniss flies into his office, muttering her apologies. "I got caught up at Mellarks but I ended up with a refund and a free drink for you, so stop complaining or I'll give it to Johanna." Katniss says. Haymitch rolls his eyes and swipes a cup from Katniss' hand. "Have you got that report yet?" he continues, placing the coffee on his desk. "Thanks for the coffee, Katniss," she ignores him. "I need that report." Haymitch presses. Katniss turns, deliberately leaving the door open as she exits out into the field room. Each reporter has his or her own cubical, most of which are decorated with stacks of paper, cut-outs of successful articles, and post-it notes. Katniss slides into her seat with a heavy sigh, kicking off her shoes. "Christ, brainless. Are you trying to give Haymitch an aneurysm?" Johanna Mason snorts, spinning around in her chair to face her friend. "If I were trying he'd be in hospital a long time ago." Katniss retorts. "I found some pictures that you can put in you report," Johanna says, searching for the right folder among the stack of them by her computer. "Most of them are recent, within the last year or so, but I think you should head out and get some more photos of the reservation." "Thanks," Katniss says, taking the folder and flicking through it briefly before putting it aside to take a sip of her coffee. The cup is barely an inch from her mouth when Haymitch shouts her name from the doorway of his office, drawing not only the attention of the entire field room, but the entire street . "Now I know why you took so long to get your sorry ass here!" he smirks, waving a slip of paper in the air. "You were getting the number off some guy!" Katniss blinks before a blush floods over her. "W-what?" she asks. Johanna punches her arm and laughs. She can feel fifty plus pairs of eyes staring at her. "Oh, I'm sorry, didn't you realise?" Haymitch asks. Katniss stands and hobbles towards him, drink in hand. " This is your coffee, and some deluded guy's number, apparently." She swipes the correct cup and slip of paper from her boss and hands him the right drink, practically running back to her booth. "Don't be upset that you can't get anyone's number anymore, old man," she finally snaps. Haymitch pulls a face and disappears back into his office. Several of her co-workers chuckle. Johanna rolls over in her chair and raises her eyebrows. "Katniss…" she begins. "I didn't know." "Tell me everything." "I honestly didn't know," Katniss whispers, staring at the number written on the scrap of paper. "He must have hid it the sleeve of the cup." "Was he hot? Did he have big feet?" Johanna says, her eyes wide. "Jo!" Katniss admonishes. Johanna shrugs, running her hand through her spiky