A/N: There is one sentence taken from Collins' Catching Fire, but like, don't sue me. Title from Oblivion by M83. Unbetaed. Find me on tumblr/pinterest/AO3 at the same name. Enjoy! ... The first time I see him there, it's completely by chance. I'm in the back of the shop, later than I usually am, sweeping and cleaning the day away so that it's all tidy for business to begin again tomorrow morning. The back of the apothecary looks out onto a long row of houses, as many of the properties on this side of the town do, but I typically don't pay them too much attention. Each house, small, identical, and poorly maintained, is home to a Peacekeeper. The Capitol built them to house the men and women sent here from District 2, but haven't touched them since. Despite the occupation of those who live there, it isn't a safe place to be. Over the years, it's developed into a miniature District 2, where homesick keepers can reject Twelve and its traditions. At this time of night, the only people out and about should be the Peacekeepers enforcing the curfew. So when I see a figure dipping in and out of the shadows, slipping through the darkness and the pockets of light thrown out by few and far-between streetlamps, I initially think nothing of it. I just continue sweeping. When I look up again, stretching my spine after being hunched over the broom, I see that the figure has stopped. I lean the broom against the countertop and peek through the window, pulling the lacy curtains aside. Mother doesn't like me to spy on our neighbours, forgetting that it is the main hobby of those who live in the Quarters. The figure has stopped outside number thirty-eight. Grey paint peels from the brickwork, the sagging chimney coughs out black smoke, and the curtains are perpetually drawn. I know this house. What it means for someone to stop there. Head Peacekeeper Cray is infamous for his dealings with young women – young girls, too – from the Seam. But he lives further down the street, in number fifty-six, close to the bakery. Behind the door of number thirty-eight is another Peacekeeper, and a whole other set of rumours. At number thirty-eight is Peacekeeper Harris. He came to District 12 a long time ago, and for all that time he's mostly kept to himself, even amongst his own people. I see him out on patrol as much as I do any of the other keepers, though he's often alone. The only person I see him speaking to on a regular basis is Cray. Most keepers are fairly kind, acknowledging the truth of life in Twelve and cutting people some slack. In fact, most are absorbed into the population, becoming as much a citizen of Twelve than anyone born here. Many even start families after their terms as Peacekeepers have ended, as long as they aren't sent elsewhere. But Harris is different. I remember as a child, playing with friends, when we'd accidently kicked a ball at his house. It had hit his front door and he'd thrown it open just as one of us went to collect it. We'd jumped back in fright, and we'd watched him stand there, motionless, looming over us with his dark eyes huge and glassy. He never said a word, puncturing the ball with a knife and throwing it back to us. It was enough to give me nightmares for weeks. What exactly was off about him, though, was always a mystery. I could never put my finger on it, until I learnt about Cray. My parents had always warned me to stay away from the Commander, though I'd never asked why, recognising when it was better to keep my questions to myself and respect the warnings that everyone else followed. Cray takes in girls. They line up outside his door, desperate for coins, and he takes his pick. What goes on inside, I've never been able to imagine. Never wanted to, either. Harris, in contrast, prefers men. Homosexuality is illegal in the districts, punishable by death, yet is apparently accepted and embraced in the Capitol. Even if the law here was relaxed, I doubt Harris would receive any additional customers. Prostitution, at least in Twelve, is a role almost inherently reserved for women. While Cray will have a dozen or so girls lingering out his door during a drought or a long winter, Harris is lucky to have anyone at any time of year. Only the most desperate go to him. He may not be as prolific as his boss, but he is certainly more dangerous. Though it's never been confirmed, it's rumoured that Harris has one or twice plucked drunken men and boys off the street and held them in his property under the guise of keeping them out of trouble. But his customers are so infrequent that it's easy to forget. To hide such thoughts deep down in the recesses of my mind. I have personally only seen one person at his door, and to this day I do not know their identity. Spying on Harris' home is not a habit of mine, of course. Just seeing the building out there is enough. But this movement along the darkened lane, and so late at night, catches my eye. And when they don't move from outside of thirty-eight, I can't help but watch. The person is wearing a hood, so I can't see who they are. They're thin, hunched over. I think of the meal I ate for supper just a few hours ago and feel guilt spiral through me at the fact that I can be safe and warm and well-fed while someone else has to sell themselves in order to survive. I watch with bated breath as the strange figure looks up at the house. I can't even begin to fathom how they must be feeling, what thoughts must be spinning in their head. After a long moment, they knock on Harris' door, before taking a juddering step backwards. Less than a minute later, the door swings open, and Harris' heavy figure appears, barely illuminated by the dim light inside his house. I wonder if he waits close by the door in anticipation for a knock, like a viper in the grass. He glances up and down the street, as if this is some big secret that he must hide from prying eyes. Perhaps he forgets that here, he is the law, and that he'd be able to get out of any trouble he found himself him with the help of his fellow keepers. Even in the quiet of the night and with the window propped open the let in some cool night air, I can't make out what Harris is saying. Whatever it is, the figure just shrugs in response, one foot placed slightly behind them as if they're ready to flee at any moment. Harris reaches out a hand, motioning for something, and the stranger pulls back their hood, revealing a shock of blond hair. I frown. A Merchant ? Surely not. No one in town is suffering to that extent. Even in this poor weather, we have enough to keep ourselves fed. Harris motions for the person to step forward. His hand shoots out, tilting his customer's head back and from side to side, as if he were admiring an animal at an auction. It is only then that the person's face is revealed in the light of a streetlamp, and I feel my stomach bottom out. It's Peeta Mellark. Not a Merchant. His mother was, though, and may have inherited the bakery if it weren't for her marriage to a born-and-bred Seam miner. In those days, that kind of union was a scandal, and the Mellarks were shunned as a result. Attitudes have changed since then, but they have remained very much on the periphery of district life. Peeta has always seemed nice, though. Despite his stony exterior, reputation for getting into fights, and status as a pariah, I believe him to be a good person. The way people in town speak of him isn't right, not when he puts his life on the line to bring in fresh meat for trading. He's protective of his younger sister to the utmost degree. She is the only person who can truly make him smile. To see him here is horrifying. I've witnessed people from the Seam starving to death all throughout my life, unable to do anything for them. Cray's line must have doubled in length over the last month or so, but Harris' place has remained quiet. Peeta must be his first customer of the season. I didn't think it had gotten this bad, though his father did recently pass, which must be the reason why he's come here now and never has before. I feel sick as Harris eyes his prey. Peeta's jaw is set and even from here I can see that his eyes are focused on something far away, that his fists are balled at his sides. He responds only when Harris asks him something. After what seems like an eternity, Harris steps back into his house. Peeta follows. The door slams shut behind him, rendering the street once again empty. I duck away from the window, feeling my heart thundering in the cavity of my chest. My hands shake as I put away the broom and wring out the rag I was using to clean the counters. Ensuring the doors are locked, I hurry upstairs onto the domestic levels. My father is asleep on the couch, a Capitol newspaper lying on his chest, so I'm able to pass by without him waking. In the shower, I scrub at my body and try to think of something else. Anything else. Recipes for salves, for creams, for syrups. Details about what people have ordered for the following week. But I can't. I can't do it. The image of Peeta vanishing into that house with that man replays in my mind, over and over. I feel sick, I feel faint. All I can think is why, why him ? … The next morning, I wake to a clouded head. I cannot focus after suffering such a restless night's sleep, tossing and turning with images of Peeta's hollow face and Harris' looming figure. I pick at my breakfast, listening to my brother complain about something or another, and stumble off to school without saying goodbye. In the schoolyard, my friends ask me if I'm okay, but I shake them off, telling the truth about my poor night's rest but not about what caused it. At lunchtime, my friends chatter on around me but I can't find it in myself to participate in the conversation, let alone listen, and instead gaze around the crowded cafeteria. It's an almost perfect split of those with lighter hair and those with darker, mirroring the larger Merchant/Seam divide. And then, in the grey zone between the two, it's mixed, containing the Merchants who have friends from the Seam and vice versa, and those who are caught between either groups for other reasons. I must admit that this middle zone has been getting larger and larger. I know who I'm looking for. Finally, I spot him, at a table in the corner. He's pushing food towards his younger sister, Primrose. Unlike him, she has a dark brown hair and pale Merchant skin, so can blend into the crowds much easier than he can. Peeta has a hat on, pulled way down over his ears and forehead, hiding the golden curls that would otherwise give him away amid the sea of dark-headed Seam folk on the other side of the hall. I watch as Primrose pushes some of her meal back towards her older brother, her brow furrowed, but he simply shakes his head and hands it back to her, ruffling her hair fondly until she