This is my submission for the Christmas challenge at promptsinpanem on tumblr! I've super excited for you guys to read this, it's been a bit of a pain, but a joy to write :) It might just be my favourite thing I've ever written! Merry Christmas those of you who celebrate it, and to those who aren't, Happy December! If Gabriella 'Glimmer' Javier doesn't shut up about 'her brave beau, who's serving his country but is missed back at the estate' I swear, I'm going to stand up from this chair, stalk across the circle, and strangle her with her over-priced, over-straightened hair extensions. Of course, this wouldn't fair with anyone, mostly me. And I'm sure that if Peeta found out, he'd be sorely disappointed in me. But Christmas is mere weeks away now, which means that Peeta will be flying back for three weeks so that he can be here with his family, friends and myself over Christmas and New Year. It also means that I'll get at least a month's break from this damn Military Misses club. For this reason and this reason alone, today is not the day that I'm arrested for murder. It was Madge and Johanna who dragged me out to my very first meeting. They said that I'd grown 'distant' and 'despondent' and 'depressed' – the three d's that Jo kindly told me I didn't need. "The only 'd' you need is dick, and since you sure as hell aren't getting any of that while Peeta's being a hero, you're coming with us." And so, I went to my first meeting. Eight women aged between 19 and 30, all with their significant other or child or sibling in the military, sitting in a circle for two hours so they can cry, laugh (supposedly) and check each other's nails until their loved one comes home. It's meant to be therapeutic. It's designed to keep us sane. I guess it has, in the long run. Without it, the only human contact I would have would be with the television, Sae, my neighbour, and whoever was checking out my groceries at the store. Prim can't call because of the work-you-to-the-bone schedule she has training to be a doctor. Mom won't call. Dad can't, obviously, since he's buried eight feet under the ground. Peeta was deployed along with Gale, Madge's husband and my childhood and therefore life-long buddy, seven months ago. This is the longest I've gone without seeing my boyfriend face to face in a long time. Skype calls aren't the same. The connection is shitty even at the best of times. Letters are exactly that – a mess of letters on a piece of paper. Both of the boys are in the US Marines, serving their country in Afghanistan. It's dangerous. It's stressful for both them there and us back home. It's terrifying not knowing whether or not the next time I open the door, Haymitch or some other soldier will be standing there, their heads bowed, their eyes filled with sympathy. A letter in their hands. Killed in action , it'll read. Or maybe I'll be given a little hope if it says missing in action, presumed dead. 'We tried, Katniss,' Haymitch would say, unsure of how to react himself, nevertheless how to comfort me. 'He lost too much blood. It was a danger to the rest of the unit to stay any longer.' The only thing that could be worse was if I was told that he had sacrificed himself. Honourable, of course, but selfish. If I was never again to hear his voice, his laugh, his whispers in the dark. If I was never again to run my fingers through his hair. If I was never to press kisses to every single centimetre of skin on his body. If was never to hold him for just one last time and hear his heart beating, strong and fast and alive . Those are just some of the fears I have daily. It's a struggle, but with the support of my sister and friends (and the group, I guess) I've managed to survive this long without going into total meltdown mode. Of course, I've had my moments, but I haven't been locked away or put on drugs quite yet. "It's just, like, he's so handsome. And I can't stop thinking about him – whether he gets back home or not, whether he'll be okay," Glimmer sighs, clutching at her bedazzled iPhone 5S with her perfectly manicured fingers. I look down at my chewed, chipped nails and grimace. "I think about him so much, in fact, that it makes it hard for me to concentrate on the things I have to do every day." Glimmer says, staring wistfully up at the tiled ceiling. Things you have to do?! You live on an estate with a gazillion servants. You don't do anything except shop, gossip, and get your nails done at your home-spa. I think to myself, bitterly. Madge kicks the leg of my chair and gives me a stern look, though I can see the amusement in her eyes. She can read my mind, I'm sure. I look to Johanna. She rolls her eyes and mimics Glimmer, smacking her lips silently before miming shooting herself. I smirk. "Do you have something to say to me, Johanna?" Gabriella says, her eyebrows arched. Instantly, the entire group sits ramrod straight and waits for a fight. The last time there was a scuffle, a plate of cookies was wasted and someone's handbag strap broke. It was a massacre, I'm telling you. "Oh, not really," Johanna says, drawing out the last word and smiling. "I just think that you're being a little insensitive and well… bitchy." "Excuse me?" Glimmer gasps, her grip on her cell tightening. "How dare you-" "Look, we're all in the same position here. All of us has someone out there fighting with guns and bombs and shit. I know that," Jo says, waving her hand in the air in a regal gesture. "I know it's hard. I know it's tiring. But it isn't as tiring as it listening to you witter on about how difficult it is living in a mansion with people waiting on you for the moment you break you nail." The entire room is silent. Marissa Fox across the circle in practically bouncing with anticipation. "Honestly, Cato is stationed in Canada. The rest of us have loved ones in way worse places like that. I'm not saying that it's any less stressful, but you've got it a lot better than most of us." "Cato has been through a lot. He's only in Canada now because he was shot in Kenya by some insane rebel!" Glimmer snaps. "And I sympathise with that!" Johanna hisses back, narrowing her eyes. Uh-oh. I can see where this is going. Johanna is going to throw a fit, reveal something she didn't want to reveal, and then Gabriella is going to storm out. In the meantime, Effie has literally been gone to the bathrooms for just thirty seconds and all hell has broken loose. "But now he's safe and on the same continent as you are! Meanwhile, Darius and my kid brother are fighting Iraq. Both of them have been shot at multiple times! I have to deal with a brother who's seen too much for a nineteen year old, and a fiancé who can't even pop popcorn in the microwave without being reduced to tears! So you can fuck off with your complaining, please." Jo slumps back into her seat and exhales loudly. I pass her a donut from the buffet table to my right. "I've got a meeting to attend." Glimmer sniffs, standing and walking stiffly away. "By Gabby!" Marissa calls, knowing that Gabriella hates being called Gabby. "Blimey, Mason," Delly says, clapping her hands. I don't mind Delly. She's on my side about Glimmer, but her sunny demeanour is a little too happy. Annie shakes her head and takes a sip of her coffee. I met Annie on my fourth meeting. I was immediately drawn to her calm and quiet nature. Over several plates of biscuits and coffee, we managed to figure out that Peeta and Finnick, Annie's fiancé were in the same unit. It took some sleuthing and multiple letters before we figured out that Peeta and Finn shared the same bunk beds, in fact, and were best friends. This of course resulted in Annie and I forming an unbreakable bond. While Johanna is just brash and loud, Madge is polite and a lightweight. Annie is a just as good drinker as she is friend. She knows when to help, when to stand back, and when to let Johanna do her thing. I've only met Finnick once, and that was during a Skype call with Peeta. I had heard Peeta's name being called from somewhere outside of the camera frame, Peeta held up a finger in a 'wait a minute' gesture, and the look on his face when a tanned torso strolled into view was priceless. "Talkin' to your lady friend, huh? Don't you have any time for me?" Finn had said, turning and sitting down beside Peeta. He immediately began pouting when he saw my face on the screen of the computer. "Kat, this is Finnick. Finn, my girlfriend Katniss." "Nice to meet you at long last," Finnick had said, giving me a winning smile. "You're the one who's been stealing Peeta-bread away from me." "Uh…" I had floundered, blushing red as I shifted in my seat. Peeta looked pissed off, but the friendly elbow to ribs he gave Finn was enough to say that he wasn't really annoyed. "Peeta-bread?" "Yeah. It gets pretty lonely out here without my Annie. Peeta helps me stay sane," Peeta had dropped his head into his hands then and Finnick had winked at me. "I understand," I had nodded in amusement. "How long were you going to go until you told me about this, Peeta?" "Well, it's a difficult situation to explain over letters." "You haven't talked about me?" Finn had asked, feigning shock. "I thought I meant way more to you!" "Yeah, well…" Peeta had shrugged, giving me an exasperated look. I buried my face in a couch pillow and laughed. "I'll have to change your mind about me later," Finnick had said. "Katniss, dear, hopefully I'll get to meet you someday. Until then, farewell. And don't worry about Peeta. I've got everything under control." Finnick had stood up then, a towering mass of bronzed muscles, and had trailed the back of his hand over Peeta's cheek. "I didn't know you were into that sort of thing as well, Peeta." I had told my boyfriend. Peeta gave Finnick, who I assume was still in the room, the middle finger and faced me. "Neither did I," he had replied. "Finnick Odair. He's a riot." When Effie returns a minute later, we've moved on to talking about what we're looking forward to over Christmas. "Where's Gabriella gone?" Effie (the leader and creator of Military Misses ) asks. "She said something about a hair appointment," Johanna shrugs. "Oh, my. Shame she has to miss the rest of the session." I nudge Johanna and squeeze her arm consolingly. "You okay?" Madge asks softly. "Yeah, I'm good," Jo nods. "I'm good." We leave it at that, knowing its best not to press the issue. Everyone has their demons, and their way of fighting it. We have to respect that. That does include Gabriella, but not all the time. She's just a little too… her for me to handle. "Marc is coming back for two weeks over Christmas break," Marissa says, pulling me out of my thoughts. "I'm so excited. We always go down to the District 7 Lumber Centre and choose a tree from there. It's so much to decorate it and everything." "We used to do that," Delly says. "But Thom is allergic to real trees. We have a fake one."