A/N: this is also available on AO3, where you can read it in the intended format! 21:29 It's almost too easy. I crouch in the shadows at the side of Cornercopia , a shitty little grocery store on the outskirts of the city. The parking lot is almost empty at this time of night, but contains three cars: A silver Toyota Camry, rusted around the wheels, with a sticker over the bumper. A blue Ford truck, 2003 make, plate number GRC 4857. And then, gleaming under the streetlights and wholly out of place in this neighbourhood, a shiny, brand-new Audi. It's parked about fifteen meters away. I watched the owner walk into the store about ten minutes ago, and it's only a matter of time before he returns. When he does, I'll be ready. My legs are beginning to cramp after being in this position for so long, as are my fingers, curled around the gun hidden in the pocket of my jacket. I glance around to ensure there are no prying eyes, and then quickly stretch my limbs out, not wanting to have what I'm about to do compromised by a sticky leg or locked fingers. Mr Audi finally makes an appearance, dressed in a suit and carrying a few items under his arm. I stand. He looks around as he steps out of the store, but doesn't spot me. He unlocks his car as he quickly walks towards it, the lights flashing an obnoxious orange. I begin to walk forward. He pulls open the door and slides inside. I'm about five meters away when the engine starts, a low, satisfying purr, and I dart forward, yanking open the passenger door and diving into the vehicle, pulling the gun out and pressing it against the side of his blond head, all in one motion. He freezes, his entire body going rigid in his seat. His eyes widen. He takes in a breath. He starts to raise his hands as if to show that he's harmless, stuttering out words. "Don't look at me," I snap, slamming the door shut behind me. "Drive," I order, looking behind me at the store. No one has noticed yet, but if we don't get out of here stat, someone will. I can't let that happen, can't leave a path for them to follow. I can feel my heart racing, feel my paranoia building as Mr Audi freaks out. "I– I– I'm no one," he gasps out. "I'm P–" "I know who you are," I lie, keeping my voice steady. "Now put your hands back on the goddamn wheel before I blow your fucking head off." His hands hastily make contact with the wheel. "What do you want from me?" he asks. "I want you to drive," I respond, low and threatening. He doesn't move. His fingers twitch. I unlock the gun from safety mode. The click is loud, filling the small space we're in. His response is visceral. I can practically feel his blood turning to ice. "Drive," I order. "Or sitting here will be the last thing you'll do." He shifts gears and backs out of the parking space. I keep low, pressed back against the smooth leather of the seat, looking out of the windows to see if anyone is watching. The street is deserted. I'm safe, for now. "Drive normally," I tell him, sliding the gun back into safety. I don't want to accidentally blow anyone's brains out, especially the brains of the person controlling the ton of metal I'm currently sat in. "Don't speak. Take me onto the highway. And then the interstate." He's silent as he pulls out into the street. At the corner, he licks his lips. "Which way?" he asks. "You don't know how to get to the highway?" I say, incredulous. Of all the people in this city, I manage to pick up the one who doesn't know their way around it? "No- no. I mean, which way out of the city?" I narrow my eyes. "North." He says nothing else. 21:33 The car is tense as we travel. I listen to his attempts at slowing his breathing. He tries to hide his fear but it's impossible. A bead of sweat rolls down his temple and he winces every time we go over a bump in the road, causing the gun in my hand to bump against his head. He isn't used to the bite of a gun, to the aching chill of the barrel pressed against your skin. Nevertheless, he stays silent. I don't speak either. That's what unsettles people the most. They want me to say something. To yell at them. To threaten them. But it's much more effective when I'm silent. It builds the tension. It makes my actions unpredictable. This way, people are more likely to do as they're told. He pulls out onto the highway. It's not too busy, thank god, and I secure my seatbelt, sitting back properly. This is a nice car. Clean, tidy. A pine air freshener hangs from the mirror. A Sat-nav is stuck to the dashboard. There's no trash anywhere. It still smells new. I think of my car. A rusted piece of shit handed down to me after a half century of use, remade again and again until it became Frankenstein's motor. I got rid of it last night, dousing it in petrol, tossing in a lighter, and sending it careening off the road into the trees. It should be enough to throw them off my tracks for a little while. Enough to buy me the time I need to get out of the city. 21:44 Ten minutes pass, agonisingly slow for the both of us, though I assume for different reasons. We stop once or twice and each time I keep on the lookout for potential threats while trying to stay inconspicuous. Mr Audi doesn't look my way. He's tense, arms rigid, shoulders tight. I can see his mind racing as he tries to figure out how the hell he's going to get out of this. He's cute. Not the kind I'd usually find myself with, but that's a good thing. When I was a kid, I always had a thing for blonds, crushing on the kids at school who had angelic yellow curls. 'S funny how the first time I'm alone with a blond in six or seven years is when I'm holding a gun to their head. His hair is soft-looking, and glows in the darkness of the car, a riotous ocean of golden waves. His eyes, from what I can see in his profile, are blue, piercingly so. The kind that I'd be unable to look away from if only I allowed him to face me. His nose is straight and his lips pink and inviting. His jaw is chiselled, like the ones on the guys I've seen in ads for underwear and cologne. He's clearly the kind of guy who looks after himself, too, his crisp, pressed shirt tight over his broad shoulders and chest, stretched over his biceps. He doesn't seem to be particularly tall, but I'm not bothered by it. If I'd met this man elsewhere, I'd be all over him. I'd ride him like a horse and he'd thank me for it. But the current situation is not suitable for that. I shouldn't even be thinking in that way, not when there's more pressing matters, like the fact that I'm holding him hostage in order to escape this place. For a second, I feel a pang of regret, but I quickly push it away. I know nothing about him. For all I know, Mr-Tight-Shirt-and-Shiny-Car could be a nasty corporate snake, who spends his days in a pristine glass office stealing from people like me and never once losing sleep over it. Regardless of who he is, we'd never be together. Not in this life, and not in any others. I will always be Katniss Everdeen, short, skinny, and dark, born into crime and about as pleasant as a slug. Those aren't even my words, but that doesn't mean they aren't true. Mr Audi? He's probably got a beautiful fiancé at home. Mrs Audi is white as milk, with golden hair, sky blue eyes, and a perfect hourglass figure. She's smart, funny, and kind. She does yoga, works for a non-profit, and is fucking fantastic in bed. They live in a perfect house at 123 Perfect Boulevard, Perfectville, with a cute little dog named Rufus and a clipped green lawn. My life is so entirely different to his. The only similarities we share is that we live in Panem, and even that connection is a tenuous one. A loud, obnoxious ringing fills the air. I jump, but he almost passes out at the wheel. Light floods through the cab. Mr Audi twitches, and his eyes dart down at the same time as mine to see his cell phone, sat between us. It's ringing, vibrating against the cup holder it's sat in. He curses. "Shit." I frown at his reaction and pick the cell up. The caller ID is of a smiling woman named as 'Madge-work', who fits how I imagined she'd be. Blonde, beautiful, busty. Mrs Audi. I can't help it. I laugh. Mr Audi looks freaked out by my reaction and he's gutsy enough to actually try to reach for the phone, though his hand quickly retreats when I push the barrel against his head. "Who is she?" I ask. "P-please," he says, taking a deep breath. "She'll keep calling otherwise." "Who is she?" I repeat. "A friend. She'll get suspicious if I don't reply." "Clingy," I comment. He doesn't respond. I tut. "She calls you when you're driving?" "I usually pull over." I snort. "Well, that's not happening anytime soon. What's she gonna ask you?" "What?" "What is she likely to be calling about?" His words are fast, clipped. "Uh… I was meant to call her. She'll think I'm in trouble if I don't pick up." I narrow my eyes. What kind of trouble? I want to ask, but I stop myself. I don't care. I can't care. The less I know about him, the better. I don't want to get involved in anyone else's shit ever again. "You're gonna answer, and you're gonna tell her that you're okay. That you'll be driving so she shouldn't call you." "I– I–" "Is that clear?" I ask him, twisting the gun. He nods. "And if you try anything, you're dead. Got it?" He nods again. I slide my thumb across the phone to engage the call, and hold it gingerly against his ear. My fingertips brush his cheek. His skin is soft. I bump the gun again, prompting him to answer. "Hello–?" He chokes, clears his throat, and starts again. "Hello?" I listen closely but I can't really pick up on what Mrs Audi is saying. So I listen to his answer instead, and try to piece together the conversation. "Hi. Yes. Yes. I know, I'm sorry. No, I'm fine. No, I just got, uh, caught up at work. I, uh, well, uh, there was an, uh, a data file that needed amending. Yeah. No, no, everything is fine. Yes, it's done. Okay. I'll be driving though so don't worry if – if I don't pick up. Yes. I'll be there soon. I will. I promise. Okay, okay. See you, bye." I pull the phone away, end the call. The screen goes dark. "Don't make promises you can't keep," I tell him, dropping the phone back into the cup holder. He releases a shaky breath. Five minutes of silence follow, apart from my one direction to exit onto interstate. Then, ten minutes of quiet. The car hums. Mr Audi breathes. I watch a police helicopter fly past, skimming the tops of the skyscrapers and tower blocks. He'll be looking for me. They all will. I need to stay hidden, out of sight. Ensure there's no chance of breadcrumbs