A/N: A/N: *insert 'it's been 84 years gif* Yes, after about that long, Shot in the Dark has finally been continued. Thank you loueze for being an amazing word wizard and for putting up with me! Everyone should go and thank her for getting this done in the first place. Without further ado, the first chapter of SitD. Enjoy! Chapter One The notice stuck on the door of my apartment is the last thing I want to see after a virtually tip-less day at the crummy diner I work at. (Actually, that's a lie, because an old man gave me a five dollar bill because the faces I was giving other customers 'was the highlight of his day'). So now I have fifty-five dollars including the solitary tip. I pull the notice off the door and sigh. Printed in big black letters are the words: RENT OVERDUE Beneath that is a note written by Cray, the landlord of this shitty building. It reads: darlin', its $650 monthly and if you miss this month's payment, it'll be brought up to $900. That or you're out of here. The smiley face underneath isn't endearing, it's creepy. I unlock the door to my one bedroom apartment and then lock it again once I'm inside. I screw the overdue notice into a ball and throw it into the trashcan with more force than necessary. This is exactly what I don't need right now. I'm still trying to pay for my mother's funeral and earning five dollars an hour and occasionally babysitting for some of the people in this building doesn't quite cover the costs of this apartment, necessities, and the funeral. I usually manage to keep my electricity and gas and water on, but now and again I'll have to go without. I have a feeling that this month I'll be sacrificing one utility yet again. I change out of my waitress outfit and into my sweats and a too-big t-shirt. My favourite hoodies are drying by the boiler in the kitchen, so I rummage through my pitiful wardrobe in search of some other sweater to wear to fend off the chill in my apartment. Even though I've lived here for almost two years now, I still haven't really unpacked. The breakdown of my last relationship took its toll on me, and in the end, I realised that I had to get away and live on my own terms for a while in order to get my mind sorted and my life back on track. I hadn't realised how much I'd become used to having someone to share the expenses of living with me until I was faced with bills that I couldn't afford. We bought an apartment to share when we both started college as it was easier to live in the city instead of having to commute in and out every day. I waitressed at a fairly high-class restaurant and he worked hours at a sports shop, and together, we didn't struggle to pay rent. Living on my own was a shock at first. Getting used to meal portions for one and sleeping in bed on my own and accepting the silence that filled each room took a while, but now I'm okay. I can't say that I don't miss what I used to have, though it's too late now to ever think that we can come together again. I haven't seen him in almost two years. It's probably time to move on. When my hands make contact with a plastic bag stuffed in the corner of the closet, I pull it out, curious. What is stuck inside make me feel weak. It's his hoodie. His favourite hoodie, with his surname over the back. I pull it out and hold in to my nose. My eyes flutter closed. It still smells like him, after all this time. "Peeta Mellark," I whisper. "How can you still do this to me?" I pull the garment on and the wave of memories that flood over me are almost too much to handle. I sit on the floor and pull the hood over my head. I loved wearing his clothes. They always smelt amazing and were always gigantic on me, and this hoodie is no different. Peeta and I met when we were sixteen. At first we were just friends, but by the time we had finished high school and had travelled to a few countries with a bunch of our other friends during the following year, it was only natural that we would begin to date. I had dated three guys before him, and each of them were polar opposites of Peeta. While they were obnoxious assholes, he was loving, honest and always gave people the time of day, regardless of who they were. After losing my father and sister within four years of each other (Mom followed the year I moved away with Peeta) he never left. He never stopped being the boy I fell in love with. Looking back I can see how stupid our argument was on the day we broke up. I still feel so much regret for what I said. He had been spending hours upon hours locked away in the tiny room we'd turned into his 'studio' working on stuff for his college scholarship, and when he left me to eat yet another dinner alone to work on paintings and sketches, I finally told him how I felt. "I feel like I can't even talk to you anymore!" I yelled, pacing around the kitchen and slamming down utensils. "All you do is fucking paint in that room and you don't come out at all. You're gone when I wake up and I usually fall asleep waiting for you to come the fuck out!" "You know how important these submission pieces are, Kat, you know that everything counts on me getting that scholarship!" he had yelled back me, paint smeared over his forehead and forearms. "I'm sorry if you feel like I've abandoned you, but you could've told me how you felt instead of bottling it up like you always do, because this was bound to happen." "What was bound to happen?!" "This!" he said, gesturing between the two of us, his eyes ablaze. "This very argument was bound to happen because you never let anyone in! Not even me. I know you find it hard to show people how you're feeling, but by now you should know that I love you, okay? And that means that I'll always be by your side, no matter what." "You said you could read me like an open book! You should know how I was feeling!" "But I didn't!" I balled my hands into fists. "Only because you never talk to me anymore!" "This scholarship is-" "I don't give a damn about your scholarship, Peeta! I give a damn about the fact that you're more focused on throwing paint on a canvas that you are sitting down and eating dinner with me for ten minutes in the evenings!" "Is that really how you feel?" Peeta had asked, his brow furrowing. I folded my arms over my chest. The distance between us had been getting larger and larger over the past few months, and now it'd cracked wider open. "Yes." "My art isn't just splashing paint on a canvas!" "That's all anybody's art is!" I screamed, pulling at my hair. "What is your problem? Do you hate me?" "Right now, of course I do!" "Why? What have I done?" "You've ignored me! For weeks!" "You know, I don't think I've ever heard you say that you didn't like being ignored. You're so good at ignoring others that I would have assumed you'd be immune to it by now," Peeta had said, his eyes narrowed. That was the first time he had ever said anything like that to me, and even though it was hurt that first swelled through my chest, the fury that quickly followed was stronger. "Fuck you, Peeta." "You know I'm right though." His cocky attitude pissed me off even more. "Tell you what? Why don't you go paint something based of this argument?" "Maybe I will. It would be way more interesting to paint you being a bitch." My brain short-circuited. "You're like your mother, you know that?" Peeta had tensed, locking his jaw. "I'm not." "You are. In fact, she would probably be a better person to paint about considering how alike you are. It's a wonder you haven't hit me yet." That was the final straw and I knew it the second I finished speaking. The fight seemed to flow from my body like water released from a dam. My hand flew up to my mouth. Peeta hadn't had the most idyllic childhood, and my bringing it up in such a way was completely out of line. "I would never…" he had whispered, staring at me in horror. He stared for a good minute as I gripped the counter top, before his face had gone strangely blank and he walked away, slamming the door of the studio behind him. The sound made me flinch. There was no forgiving what I had said. It was my fault, really, for not understanding how much his scholarship meant to him. He had remained locked away in his studio for the rest of the night, silent from behind the closed door. Early the next morning I threw some clothes into a duffle bag and left without saying goodbye. The empty apartment he'd find when he came out of the studio would've been enough. I never heard from Peeta again, having deleted his number and blocked him from every communication device I owned on the train ride away from the city. Delly, an old friend of mine and Peeta's cousin, has emailed me once or twice, updating me on his life, but otherwise there's been nothing. He won the scholarship a month after I left. According to Delly, the examiners had been so astounded by his effort that they had arranged an exhibition for his work. Delly said that everything on show was either incredibly detailed, or incredibly emotional. The few photos she attached made me feel sick. It looked like he had taken my advice. Many of the paintings were of a younger version of himself cowering under an exaggerated shadow shaped like his mother or of bruised limbs. They were so raw. So true. Saying that it felt like a punch in the stomach was an understatement. It was like he was personally getting revenge on me. But Peeta had won his scholarship and we lost each other, which I think was healthier for the two of us in the long run. I eat my microwaved meal in front of the TV, and although the mindless reality show I watch makes me laugh a little, I quickly fall asleep. When I wake the following morning, I realise that I didn't have any nightmares. I had a solid ten hours of good rest. I ignored the fact that my dreams were filled with images of Peeta laughing or him lying beside me with sunlight streaming around him or long walks in the city park in midwinter. Or that it was his presence in my mind that soothed me. The tips at the diner steadily start to increase again, and I manage to pay my rent with mere dollars to spare. But with Mom's funeral costs to repay on top of everything else, I find myself making scruffy little cards with my number on them which I slide under the doors of the local apartments I know have kids in them in an effort to earn more cash through babysitting. I sit at my kitchen table one morning, listening to the rain hammer on the windows battling against the sound of the dripping faucet in the kitchen, and think about how depressing my life really is. Dad and Prim wouldn't have wanted this for