Bella, my sweet baby girl, insisted that I read her a story, or make one up for bedtime every single night. Sometimes it seemed tedious and I would try making up an excuse to get out of it, but she always insisted and now I'm glad she did, because it kept us close. Bella was growing so fast, and by the time she was twelve instead of a bedtime story from me, she preferred to talk to her mother about boys and about becoming a woman. I understood, but still I was surprised at the sense of loss I felt. I missed hearing "daddy, tell me a story". My little girl continued to bloom right before my eyes. She lost her baby fat and her body changed into a woman's at such an early age. Still a teen, Bella's breasts grew big and round, and she had beautiful legs. Strange, I should be proud of my own daughter's body, yet I felt a sense of pride when she turned all those heads. I suppose it's because I am her father, but in my eyes she was, and is, the most beautiful creature on earth. Her long, thick, hair framed an angel's face, and when I looked into her eyes I was overwhelmed by her beauty and the love I felt for her. It's been two full months now since my wife was killed in a car accident. We both miss her dearly and we cling to each other for support. Bella is only sixteen; a horrible time to have your mother taken from you. She keeps asking me to talk about her mother, and we have talked for hours and hours about her. Two nights ago, we sat on the couch in a dimly lit living room, and I held her in my arms while she asked question after question. "Tell me again how you two met", she wanted every little detail. "Why were you attracted to her?", "When did you know you loved her?" her questions seemed endless, but I answered them all, because I thought it was helping her process everything. I tried to temper my answers. Truthfully I was first attracted to my wife by her killer body, but I wasn't going to tell Bella that. Instead I told Bella that I was attracted to her mother because "I thought she was pretty", but she pushed for more, "What was pretty about her?" "Well", I paused to choose my words carefully," she had a nice figure". "What do you mean by a nice figure?" she kept on. I contemplated whether or not I should give her a straight answer. "She had beautiful breasts" I finally admitted. She paused, obviously a little surprised that I actual said it, and then she smiled that seemed to say "I knew it". "What was nice about them?" she asked. "Well" I cleared my throat, "I'm attracted to women with large breasts." My heart raced a little. I wasn't comfortable talking to her about this. "Like my breasts?" she asked. Before thinking, I stared at her full chest that strained the buttons on her nightshirt. "Oh shit", I thought, as I fought to peel my eyes from Bella's big tits. She waited for an answer, "well daddy?". "There's no denying that Sweetheart" I said, "You have big tits, I mean breasts." Bella giggled, "Thanks daddy, I'm glad you like my tits". "All I said was that I like big tits, not your tits" I countered. Bella kept pushing "You said you like big tits. Well, I have big tits, daddy, or haven't you noticed" she asked slyly, as she unbuttoned a button of her blouse. "Of course I've noticed! Now stop doing that" I said, as Bella undid another button. "Then admit it, daddy, you like my tits" she said with a smile and teased toward another button. "Alright! Alright! I like your tits" I shouted. "Thanks daddy" she giggles and she hugged me. "You're an imp", I said. Her big, soft, breasts mashed into my side and I felt the blood begin to surge to my cock. "Baby girl, it's time for bed" I told her gently. Her arms tightened around me and she said, "Why? There's no school tomorrow." "I know", I said "but it's still late". "Daddy, will you come up and tell me a story." she asked in a little girl voice. Oh God, I missed hearing that. My heart warmed as I smiled and said, "Sure Sweetie. Go get ready for bed and I'll be up in a few minutes". As she got up from the couch my eyes caught site of Bella's big tits as they nearly came out of her nightshirt. She kissed me on the cheek and bounded up the stairs. When she was out of site I looked down toward my semi-erect cock and half-laughing I said, "YOU BEHAVE!" I washed up and put on a pair of boxers. When I entered her bedroom she was already under her covers. I turned off the lamp next to her bed, and lay next to her on top of the covers. "Daddy, come under the covers with me", she said invitingly. I was a little cold, but I knew I'd be playing with fire if I got under the covers with her. "No Sweetie. I'm fine" I said. she pouted, and then said "okay, tell me a story." "What kind of story would you like to hear Sweetie?" I asked. "Tell me a story about you and mom" she said, "tell me more about falling in love with her." I proceeded to tell her about some of the fondest memories I had about my wife, including the quirky little things that made her special to me. It took a while, but she began to drift off and she asked me to hold her. She rolled onto her side facing away from me, and I snuggled in behind her and put my arm around her. I could smell the fragrance of her hair and drank it in. I listened to her breathing, trying to determine if she had fallen asleep. I planned to leave as soon as I was sure she was sleeping., but the next thing I remembered was waking up in my baby girl's moon-lit room. I had fallen asleep and rolled onto my back. I heard faint sounds and felt her moving. I turned and looked at her through squinting eyes. The moonlight cascaded over my sweet, beautiful, baby girl, and again I marveled at just how beautiful she was. Her eyes were closed and she licked her lips, then her face grimaced. I couldn't quite tell if she was dreaming or having a nightmare, but then it was apparent that she wasn't doing either … Bella was quietly masturbating! It was unmistakable. I watched her face. It was the most erotic thing I'd ever seen. If she knew I was watching she'd be mortified, so I watched with my eyes barely open. She bit her lip, and I could tell she was doing her best to stay quiet. I heard her moan softly and her head moved slowly from side to side. She licked her lips again, then very softly I heard her say "yes, oh yes, mmmmm please", then I swear she said "daddy", but I wasn't sure. My heart raced, and my cock was stiffened. The whole scene felt surreal. Her mouth opened, and then she drew her knees up slightly and together. "Ooooooh daddy" she said faintly. It was muffled by her hand but there was no doubt what she had said. I felt her shake again and again, until her orgasm finally subsided, then she rolled over onto her side with her back to me. I was stunned. It was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, and oh my God, she was fantasizing about me. She never even looked over at me. "Wasn't she concerned that I might wake up?" I wondered. Did she do that hoping I would watch? I couldn't think straight and I couldn't sleep. When I was sure she had fallen asleep again I left the room. My mind raced a mile a minute. I lay in my bed and looked over at the clock. It was 3:00 a.m. I tried to sleep, but the vision of Bella masturbating in the moonlight replayed over and over in my head. I found myself imagining what her big tits would feel like in my hands, and what her delicate little pussy would taste like. I shook my head trying to clear those thoughts. "What the hell am I thinking?" I asked myself, "She's my little girl". I grabbed my throbbing cock and rolled over on my side. I wanted her so badly that it hurt. I wrestled with the idea of going back to her room, but then exhaustion caught up with me and I fell asleep. I woke up to the sound of rattling coat hangers, and I saw Bella in my walk-in closet. I figured that she was looking through my wife's clothes. I hadn't bothered to get rid of them. I put my feet on the floor and sat on the edge of the bed. I looked over at the clock. I overslept. I walked over to my bathroom and washed up, and then I sat back down on the edge of the bed. My little girl finally came out of the closet wearing my wife's favorite slinky, black dress. She still hadn't noticed that I was up, and she turned toward the full-length mirror. I sat quietly and watched her. She looked so much like her mother. Without warning, tears started streaming down my face. Seeing my little girl in her mother's dress brought on a flood of emotion. It was then that she noticed my reflection in the mirror and saw my tears. "Oh no no no, daddy I'm sorry" she came toward me. I was choking back tears, and couldn't speak. She put her arms around me. "I'm sorry daddy. I just wanted to try it on". I wiped at my tears and told her "Sweetheart, it's okay. I want you to have your mother's things". "Please don't cry anymore daddy" she said, "I know how much you miss her, but I'm here for you now". Before I realized what I was doing I kissed Bella and pulled her onto the bed. She had a look of shock and I stammered in apology. "Oh Sweetie, oh Jesus, Sweetheart, I, I, I don't, I mean I'm so sorry. I never …" She recovered and placed her hand over my mouth. When I stopped trying to talk she took hand away, and kissed me back. All the pent-up passion I had for her spilled out and I kissed her lips again, then her neck, and all over her face. Bella was having trouble keeping up with me, but she tried. I moved over her and placed my knee between her thighs, and then pressed my leg into her mound. I was losing control of my senses. I was holding her as if I were holding my wife. My baby girl looked at me with wide eyes, and out of breath. "Too fast Sweetie?" I asked, knowing full well it was. "A little", she said with a soft giggle. "Do you want me to stop?" I asked, fearing she just might say yes, but she bit her lower lip and shook her head "no". "I love you so much sweetheart, and I want more than anything to make love to you, but I won't do anything that you don't want me to". Bella didn't answer. She just kissed me. I slipped the gown straps down over her shoulders and pulled the dress down enough to reveal her luscious tits. I slid her further up the bed, moved between her legs, and descended on her soft tits. I took the big, meaty,