Warning: character death. And you are folded on the bed where I rest my head There's nothing I can see, darkness becomes me A thousand silhouettes dancing on my chest No matter where I sleep, you are haunting me But I'm already there, I'm already there Wherever there is you, I will be there too. ' Silhouettes' by Of Monsters and Men I sit in a large, cold white room on a hard wooden chair. Peeta sits beside me on a chair identical to mine. I stare into Beetee's large eyes blankly, unsure of what he is trying to tell me. It must be something bad, because the conversation started with 'you might want to sit down, Katniss.' Nothing good ever comes of the conversations that start like that. I try and prepare myself for whatever it could be- though now I know nothing could have prepared me for what I was about to hear, not even if I had all the time in the world. I got the call earlier this morning from Beetee. Willow and Rye, Peeta and my children, had just gone off to school. He told me there was something urgent I needed to know, and it was something medical. I usually have trouble listening when he goes too into detail- but this souded important. Peeta came with me, insisting that he 'needed to come this time.' As if he already knew what was happening. I try and focus on Beetee now, my fingers running through the tip of my braid nervously. The room smells sharp with cleaner- and I feel a sick churning in my stomach because of it. "Katniss...do you remember when Peeta was in the capitol's custody?" Beetee begins slowly, his brown eyes boring into mine. I gulp before nodding. Of course I remember. How could I forget? I see it in my nightmares every single night. But what does that have to do with our meeting today? I cast a glance at Peeta, hoping for a clue to what is going on- but he isn't meeting my eyes. He knows something I don't- and it just makes me more uncomfortable. "Beetee, just get to the point." I snap, my anxiety translating into annoyance. Beetee pushes his glasses farther up his nose with his left index finger before sighing loudly. "There...really isn't an easy way to put this. When...when Peeta was in the Capitol, sometime before he was rescued- he was injected." I feel my blood turn to ice. Injected? What was that supposed to mean? I register Peeta's hand- wrapping around mine and squeezing as Beetee continues. "With a deadly poison. It's a slow operating poison- called M.L. and relitively new in discovery. It grows inside the host steadily over time- and it can take a number of years to go into effect. I didn't pick up on it until recently, when I pulled up a scan taken of Peeta from a few years back. I...regret to say that I found evidence of M.L in his DNA. I won't go into the logistics of it, but in short...the poison has been in him too long. There aren't any known cures. The end-stages of the poison have already begun. I'm...I'm so sorry." I feel my heart slow, and I can't seem to breathe right. My eyes are glued to Beetee's, and I wonder if I have heard him right. I couldn't have. "What?" I get out hoarsly, my hands starting to shake as raw fear pulses through me. Please, let me not have heard you right, I think. "In short..." Beetee sighs again, looking downward and breaking eye contact with me. Why won't he say? Why? Somewhere in the back of my mind, I know I feel Peeta's hand tighten around mine to the point of pain. "Katniss." he says, but I ignore him and keep staring ahead. I don't want to look at him. I don't want to hear what he has to say. His tone is too gentle. Too soft. "Katniss, look at me." He whispers, and it is the strain in his voice that makes me finally turn. His blue eyes are serious and insistent- additionally lined with pain. It makes me hurt inside. I shake my head, willing him to stop. I don't want him to deal the blow. I don't know if I'll be strong enough to survive it. "Katiss, I'm dying." he gets out, his usually confident voice cracking as he fights to hold eye contact. Then his mouth moves- like he is trying to speak to me- but I can't hear him. I can't hear anything except the pounding of my heart against my chest. No. My world is spinning out of control. No. Peeta removes the hand that is holding mine and puts it to the side of my face, trying in vain to reach me. I snap my head away from his hand, breathing heavily now. NO . I stumble out of the chair, and both Beetee and Peeta rise to help me- but I brush them off. "Hold on now- calm down, Ka-" Beetee starts, but I don't want to listen. "No." I say softly at first. Four words are burning into my mind. Peeta. Poison. Dying. Incurable. They seem to be on a never-ending cycle, and my vision blurs- tinting red. "Katniss-" Beetee begins, holding a hand out for me- but I take a step back, so that I am out of his reach. "No!" I scream at him, my voice full of fear and anger as Peeta's words sink in. It's not true. I tell myself. It can't be. Peeta can't be dying now. We are supposed to be safe! It has been twenty years since the battle. Twenty years. We have survived and lived free from danger for twenty years . And now this? The thought that he could actually leave me scares me to death- and the thought brings up strong emotions that rock me to my core. I need to get out of here, I think. I need...I need to... I move away from Peeta and Beetee. At first I walk slowly- and then I begin jogging. And then I'm running- full fledged, as fast as I can go- toward the only place I can truly call home. Someone calls my name- I'm almost sure of it- but I don't stop. If anything, I'm running faster than beofre- so quickly that every time my foot meets the ground, pain jolts up into my calf. But I don't notice. I don't notice anything- except the burning in my eyes, the confusion in my mind and the fear in my heart. I felt similarly when Prim's name was chosen, over twenty years ago at the reaping. When the quarter quell was announced. When Peeta's heart stopped in the quell arena. When Gale told me that district 12 was gone. Each time I was caught off guard. They all held their equal horrors- but this news in particular holds a whole new area of terror and pain that continually rakes over me. I don't even know where I am- I just know I need to get out... I need to be alone. My right foot catches on an uplifted root, and my lack of balance sends me sprawling forward onto the hard, leaf-covered ground. Pain flares in my hands and knees, but I just get up and keep going- ignoring the stinging in my fingers and palms. I should stop. I can't really see where I'm going anymore. Suddenly I'm caught by a tree's rough bark, and it tears through my flesh easily- causing blood to leak from the wound. I reach out to the tree to slow my momentum- only then allowing the tears to fall. And my reaction is out of my control. I begin to sob- really, sob. I feel light headed. I feel hazy with pain and fear and hurt and grief and anger and PAIN. I'm holding onto the tree for balance, but it isn't working so I slide down to my knees and thread my fingers into my hair. Then I scream. I scream once through my tears. My head is throbbing, but I can't stop. I rest my forehead on the forest floor when I've finished, and I'm trying to endure the overpowering grief that is consuming me like a fire. It isn't supposed to be like this! I think angrily. He was supposed to be the one that lived. We were supposed to be together. All I want is to spend the rest of my life with that boy- because I need him. Because I love him. We have been through so much...seen so much pain and suffering already in our few years of life, and I thought that we had gotten throught the worst of it. But now? Now he is dying from something I can't fight- something that I can't save him from. Something out of my control- and I hate it. I hate the cruelness of this life. I hate the capitol for doing this to him...for doing this to me. I hate everything. We have the children, too. Willow- the girl, with her dark hair and crystal blue eyes- like her father's. Rye, the boy. With his blonde locks and his grey eyes. What will I tell them? Peeta can't be dying. If not for me, than he has to stay alive for them. I know what it is like to grow up without a father...and I wouldn't wish it on anyone. And another thing- how am I going to raise them by myself? Another bout of sobbing takes me. I am raw and sore from crying, and my swollen eyes are stinging. My nose is running and red. My heart is pounding with an uncomfortable force, and pain is still shooting up from my arm where the skin was torn away by the rough tree bark. I vaguely register my deep scarlet blood, dripping down along my skin. But it doesn't matter. Nothing matters. Because Peeta, the father of the beautiful girl and strong young boy, the person I have grown to love more than I ever thought was possible, is leaving me. The boy with the bread is dying. And there is nothing I can do to stop it. I can't remember the last time I felt this level of helplessness. Its a long time before I go home. The sun has already started to set- sending beautiful oranges and reds and yellows in it's wake- but it means nothing to me right now. I am numb everywhere. I am aching. My head is throbbing. I am a mess. I travel along the road toward our house, the gravel crunching soundly beneath my worn hunting boots. I can be silent if I wish to be- but my mind is elsewhere. The children will be home by now, and Peeta will be with them. I imagine how Willow will be telling her daddy all about the new project she did in school. I think of how Rye will be clinging to Peeta's shirt- begging for his approaching bedtime to be revoked. I think of how Peeta will listen sweetly to their daughter's accounts- how he will in turn, beg me to let Rye stay up five minutes later than he should. I think of the horrible truth that our children do not know. I approach our front door, hesitating a little before opening it. I don't want to be seen like this. Peeta can see me- but I don't want to worry our children. I will play my part tonight. I'll make a comment on Willow's story, I'll shake my head disapprovingly when Peeta begs for Rye to stay up just a little longer- but of course, I'll give in eventually. I'll kiss them both goodnight and sing them a lullaby before they drift off. Anything- I just need to disguise my true feelings. A bittersweet grin is