Author's Note: Hi. I know that my subscribers from my old stories will be surprised that I am back with a fresh fic out of the blue. I admit that I have made announcements on my profile that I will be back to continue my old stories but I am embarrassed to admit that I have been otherwise engaged on my university life. I have lots of free time right now while looking for a job and this oneshot was inspired while I was answering my "Word Search" book with Appropriate as its category. I will make no promises that this fic will be followed but I would greatly appreciate it if you would enjoy this short tale I am inspired to write after years of being in hiatus. Without further ado, here is my oneshot. Please read and review! Happy Holidays! Warning: Canon non-compliant, DM/HG fic, no Ron bashing APPROPRIATE Madame Narcissa Malfoy nee Black has been through a lot since the defeat of the Dark Lord. The mighty and proud line of Malfoys has been besmirched with her husband's allegiance to the bigot dark wizard which reaped irreparable consequences to their family. All the wealth, estates, titles and prestige of their noble house has been stripped off by the Ministry to appease the hatred of the Wizarding community to the family of Death Eaters that have actively supported Voldemort. The mass voted for executing Lucius Malfoy via the Dementor's Kiss, while Narcissa and their sole heir, Draco Abraxas Malfoy to be sent into exile to a Muggle community in France prohibited on performing any type of magic for five years under constant surveillance. Back then, Narcissa lost any strength to fight for their rights and ready to accept any punishment given by the Ministry. However, the light inside her was lit by a single spark that also saved the world from utter destruction. Two words. One destined person. Harry Potter. In a fierce battle that lasted for six hours, Harry Potter brought with him seven witnesses that countered the claims and allegations thrown by 27 powerful wizards that serve as the foundation of the Ministry against the Malfoy family. The Wizarding community was surprised when Harry Potter himself stepped up to defend the most notorious Death Eater family who housed his archenemy for years. His witnesses including the Hermione Granger, 1/3 of the Golden Trio, the portraits of the esteemed former Headmaster Albus Dumbledore and respected hero Severus Snape, Neville Longbottom, George Weasley and the Minister of Magic, Kingsley Shacklebolt gave their individual statements that support the notion that the Malfoys have been detrimental to the defeat of the Dark Lord. Apparently, it was true that Draco Malfoy has committed many grave acts that endangered the lives of Hogwarts students during his stint as a Death Eater but has later approached the former Headmaster and asked for his help to protect his family, the main reason why he joined the Dark Lord's circles unwillingly. Dumbledore, together with Severus Snape who was acting as a double-agent for the Order of the Phoenix discussed on how they will make use of Draco's reversal. Draco assisted Severus on sending messages and crucial information about Voldemort's movements that aided the Order on devising plans to eventually to take him down. Nobody knew this fact except for Harry Potter who made an Unbreakable Vow to keep Draco's true allegiance secret and Kingsley Shacklebolt as the Secret Keeper. After leading the group of Aurors who apprehended Lucius Malfoy, Hermione Granger who was the unofficial Healer of the Order has noticed some oddities in Lucius' thoughts and behavior. Upon performing a Mental Status Exam, she suspects that Lucius is suffering from Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID), or commonly known as Multiple Personality Disorder. Upon her insistence to admit Lucius to St. Mungo's for further examination, her suspicion was confirmed and after series of sessions and digging, it was discovered that the Dark Lord wanted to use Lucius as his loyal pawn and have used Crucio and Imperius curses on him that eventually broke his mind. Additionally, Voldemort has consistently tortured Narcissa and Draco in front of Lucius and planted on their memories that it was actually Lucius who has done these heinous acts and inculcated in their system about pureblood supremacy. The family was brainwashed to have this supremacist attitude and perpetuated it among the community. In order to cope up with all the pain and suffering, Lucius has splitted his personalities to suit his environment. There is a loving husband and father to his family, a loyal and bigoted follower to the Dark Lord, a teenage man who loves to travel and wanting to find his true love and an old man who has lost everything yet believes that his purpose in life is to teach children. Hermione Granger, together with the Head Healer of St. Mungos and a muggleborn witch who is a leading Psychiatrist specializing on DID cases, insisted that Lucius Malfoy is mentally incapable and cannot think rationally, making him inculpable for his actions as a Death Eater. However, recognizing that he has killed hundreds of lives, Hermione believes that he must be punished, but receiving the Kiss should not be the verdict. Instead, she appealed for a rehabilitation program for Lucius and permanently stripping him off of his ability to wield magic. At this point, Narcissa was astounded about the revelations about her son and her husband. She has no idea that Draco sought the help of Dumbledore and assisting the Order. This eased a huge burden in her heart when she saw that the Council has been accepting of Potter's defense and may save her son afterall. Also, knowing that Lucius wasn't evil by heart and was only broken by that madman's machinations has also brought a relief to her poor heart. For all the mistakes that her husband has done, she will proclaim with all her heart that she loves him with all her heart. However, without her, Lu would have been given the Dementor's Kiss without any trial. The mud- muggleborn witch, Hermione Granger defended her husband and appealed for his case. She will be forever grateful to Harry Potter for saving her son but she owes her life to Hermione Granger. Because of her, her husband may still live and start over once again. And the rest, as they say is history. George Weasley and Neville Longbottom were present to testify and support that Narcissa risked her life for Harry Potter by lying against Voldemort about his death. Considering the strong support and evidence presented by Harry and his witnesses, the final verdict was made. All of Malfoy wealth was confiscated except for the rapidly declining Malfoy Enterprises until Draco Malfoy turns 25 and becomes the official heir of the Malfoy Family wherein he may reclaim their wealth. Lucius Malfoy, rendered incapable of performing magic throughout his lifetime was enrolled in an intensive rehabilitation programme to cure his DID under heavy surveillance. The Malfoys were exiled in a Muggle community in France wherein they live in a modest cottage house and the Matriarch and Heir were banned from performing magic for five years. Now, 12 years after their banishment in the quaint little town of Corsica, Narcissa Malfoy is the same elegant lady with platinum blonde hair arranged in a French twist, wearing minimal makeup and smiling broadly for being back at her homeland. However, a different Narcissa that has experienced a lot of changes in her life and her ideals is now clad in a black casual maxi dress that fit her figure perfectly, Rayban sunglasses that hid her silver orbs twinkling with unbridled excitement and open toe heels making clicking sounds as she explored the changes in Diagon Alley. Wizards and witches alike milling about cannot help but observe the elegant lady that walks with confidence and wonder gazing at Diagon Alley as if it was first time. Several wizards were charmed and stayed at the sidelines watching her until one brave soul tried his luck. "Excuse me, are you lost? Is this your first time here? Would you give me the honor of showing you around?" a dashing young man perhaps in his mid 20s approached Narcissa who was looking at the display of a rather fetching dress that undoubtedly will look great her daughter-in-law. "I beg your pardon?" Narcissa was surprised at the young man and hooked her glasses on her head to get a better look at him. The young man was pleasantly taken aback that the elegant lady looks that she's around 30s but did not deter him of his intentions to make his admiration known. "I'm sorry for appearing forward ma'am. My name is Dean Thomas and I admit I was mesmerized by you. I would be honoured if you will allow me to accompany you on your visit here at Diagon Alley Miss?" Narcissa frowned and tried her best where she encountered the familiar name. Thanking her sharp mind trained for memorizing thousands of names of prominent and significant figures in the society, she finally recognized the name. "Ah! You went to school at the same time as Harry Potter! Same house of Gryffindor am I correct?" "Yes, ma'am, I did go in the same school and house with The-Boy-Who-Lived. But I don't like using his fame for me to score a date. Miss?" Narcissa had to laugh because she found that Mr. Thomas hasn't recognized her one bit. Perhaps he wasn't one of those who viewed the public trial against the Malfoys or she was just away for too long that people have forgotten how she looked like. It was very flattering that a young man is still finding her beautiful at her age but she must do something to correct this man's intentions before her family accuse her of consorting with men decades younger than her that can qualify as her son. "Malfoy. Narcissa Black Malfoy, Mr. Dean Thomas. A pleasure to meet you." The Slytheirn in her enjoyed how the blood drained on his face as he comprehended what her name meant and she saw recognition in his eyes. "L-L-Lady Malfoy? Matriarch of Malfoy Family?" "Seven years ago I was still the Matriarch yes. However since my son married, I stepped down as the Matriarch. I am simply Mrs. Lucius Malfoy now." "I- I when did you come back?" "Just now dear. I'm here to visit Gringotts and make some withdrawals and sign some papers for my son. Then I'm on my way to visit George Weasley in his shop. Would you be willing to guide me around?" With a smile pasted on her face, Narcissa watched the boy squirm and become uncomfortable under her gaze, she knew that this man was a good friend of Harry and he mentioned that he is still looking for his match. Maybe she can pair him off with the shy Ms. Millicent Bulstrode. Perhaps the shy little wallflower will emerge from her shell with this charming young guy. "Of course ma'am! Allow me to lead the way." "Thank you Mr. Thomas. I'll forget that you tried to woo me during our first meeting in exchange of your generous company. My husband would surely not appreciate it once he hears about that little encounter." "P-Please!" "Hush now young man, I was ribbing, now tell me all about the latest gossip and changes since we have left..." Dean proceeded to fill in Narcissa about the changes in the government, the management of Hogwarts and how the prominent figures of the war, Harry Potter, Head Auror is married to Ginny Weasley Potter with three children and Ron Weasley married to Lavender Brown with two children. "How about Miss Hermione Granger?" "Here's the funny thing Mrs. Malfoy, Hermione chose to live in a muggle community and continue her studies at a University in France. Apparently she was inspired to be a muggle Psychiatrist after investigating your husband's case." "Oh really?" "Yes, and nobody