Title : The Day The Earth Stood Still Author : Sare Liz, Beta: Colleen P. Because she rocks. Disclaimer : The Twilight Saga belongs to Stephenie Meyer, and I am grateful that she allows us all to play in the sandbox of her construction. Thank you, ma'am. Continuity : Midnight Sun, EPOV, Canon pairings, Canon ontology, AU. Rating : Teen, for now. It strikes me that the way Ms. Meyer writes Edward's perspective is not necessarily nor exclusively for a teen audience, as Edward himself is inwardly about as far from a teen as one can get. But my rating is teen, for now, subject to change. Author's Notes : Due to the nature of this story, much of it comes from Midnight Sun and Twilight, starting on the middle of page 4 of Midnight Sun, but quickly you will notice it diverge. I hope, however, that my characterizations will remain spot on. Chapter One: First Sight, part one Edward Cullen. Reflex reaction. I turned to the sound of my name being called, though it wasn't being called, just thought. That's what happened when people sharpened their thoughts – sometimes thoughts were foggy and nebulous, a mix of audio-visual colors, shapes, and tones, mental manifestations of their angers and anxieties, but other times, more or less often, depending on the person in question, the thoughts were as clearly enunciated as a stage actor's dialogue, and just as loud. My eyes locked for a small portion of a second with a pair of wide, chocolate-brown human eyes set in a pale, heart-shaped face. I knew the face, though I'd never seen it myself before this moment. It had been the foremost in every human head today. The new student, Isabella Swan. Daughter of the town's chief of police, brought here to live by some new custody situation. Bella. She'd corrected everyone who'd used her full name… I looked away, bored. It took me a moment to realize that she was not the one to think my name. Of course she's already crushing on the Cullens, I heard the first thought continue, before I recognized the voice: Jessica Stanley. Not the most interesting or original of minds, nor one of the kindest or compassionate of people. Vipers had a kinder and gentler personality than Jessica Stanley. What a relief it had been when she'd gotten over her misplaced infatuation. It used to be nearly impossible to escape her constant, ridiculous daydreams. I'd wished, at the time, that I could explain to her exactly what would have happened if my lips, and the teeth behind them, had gotten anywhere near her. That would have silenced those annoying fantasies. The thought of her reaction almost made me smile. Edward and Emmett Cullen , a new mental voice gently whispered. If it hadn't been my own name she'd mentioned, I would never have picked up the barely perceptible, yet sweetly melodic tone of it. It was a sharp, clear thought, and for the moment there was very little background shading to it at all, save a sliver of fascination and awe. Normal, almost. By all rights there ought to be some trepidation in there as well, though there wasn't. I had to listen hard for the rest, which was always difficult. Listening harder meant having to sort through the rest of the distracting thoughts around her which then seemed all the louder for my efforts. Most of these minds were centered on her. I stared at the bagel before me as I listened. Rosalie and Jasper Hale, she thought. She must be the stunningly beautiful one. I wonder if the tall, lanky one is Jasper. They look like they could be related. He does look like he's in pain. Alice Cullen, the one who left. Got it. And they all live together with Dr. Cullen and his wife. I wonder if he's a medical doctor. Are the Hale's adopted, I wonder? She thought it was strange that we should all be so beautiful, but tired looking. It was a thought that was less clearly formed, a background thought; an impression, even. I wonder which one is the beautiful boyish one. I saw an image of myself in her mind, and the mental fog of confusion – was I Edward or Emmett? But I could see myself, my untidy bronze hair, pale skin, dark eyes complete with the deep purple rings I tend to get when I haven't fed in two or three weeks. The only difference from what I'd normally see in the mirror was the ineffable sense of adoration that colored the vision. It was shocking, because it was so familiar. It wasn't the way Jessica Stanley had daydreamed about me when we'd first moved here, or the way Tanya thought of me, or any other person who'd looked at me with any softer emotion shading their thoughts. No, that wasn't it at all . It was the way that Carlisle and Esme saw each other in their thoughts. It was the way that Rosalie and Emmett saw each other in their thoughts. It was the way that Alice and Jasper saw each other in their thoughts. I was stunned, and wanted to take another glance, but didn't dare just yet. I knew she was still looking at me. I stayed tuned to her, listening, even as I spoke softly and quickly to Emmett, as if to negate the enormity of what seemed to be occurring. "New girl seems harmless. Jessica Stanley's giving her the lowdown on the Cullen Clan." I started to pick apart my bagel. Little human gestures, always keeping up the façade. He chuckled under his breath. I hope she's making it good, he thought. "Rather unimaginative, actually. But so is she. I'll keep you posted," I said, leaving it there and shifting my focus back entirely to Bella. If Emmett thought anything in response, I missed it. Strange, unpopular names, she thought. The kinds of names grandparents have. But maybe that is in vogue here – small town names? Jessica, she thought of her neighbor. No, that's a perfectly common name. There were two girls named Jessica in my History class back home. "They are… very nice-looking," I heard her say, and it was true that her voice was a very appealing complement to her thoughts. She was trying to be kind, trying to maintain the conversation, and it seemed difficult for her. They're all together? There was a sudden flash of unspoken horror in her thoughts, and I could see that same picture of me, adored. She thought I was taken, whoever I was. In that moment I had a totally irrational desire to permanently wire Jessica Stanley's mouth shut, but I squelched it with great success. Emmett and Rosalie, Jasper and Alice, and they live together. Jessica is so small town in her condemnation… and yet even in Phoenix that would cause gossip, Bella thought. "Which ones are the Cullens? They don't look related…" she trailed off. Not related. Okay, well, that's not so bad, then. Dr. Cullen is really young, in his twenties or thirties. They're all adopted. The Hales are brother and sister, though, twins. They're the blond ones. Right, I guessed that. They're foster children? "They look a little old for foster children," she commented dubiously. They don't look 18, either, but I guess we're all getting older faster these days. They've been with Mrs. Cullen since they were eight, wow. She's their aunt. I wonder what happened to their parents? How kind of for her to take them in, especially how young she was. I bet she's a more with-it mom than Renee. And it looks like they turned out pretty well, for experiencing something so tragic, so young. "That's really kind of nice – for them to take care of all those kids like that, when they're so young and everything." I could hear the truth in her thoughts behind her words. She wasn't just saying it. I officially liked Bella Swan. As a point of fact, Carlisle and Esme were incredibly nice, and it was good that others recognized it. Jessica doesn't like the doctor and his wife? I bet she's jealous. Not everyone has a good family. Not all of us have the benefit of even both parents at once. Then I heard her thoughts take a turn for the sharp, as she listened to Jessica's increasingly negative commentary about Esme. Should the fact that she's unable to have one child lessen her kindness for taking on such a huge responsibility as to adopt five of them? I liked Bella Swan even more. She was looking at us again, furtively, her eyes darting over, and then back again. Strange family, she thought. Staring at the walls, not eating. I wonder why I've never seen them before. I wonder if they've always lived here. "Have they always lived in Forks?" Surely, she thought, I would have noticed them on one of my summers here. They just moved down from Alaska, two years ago? You mean I'm not the only new person here? Oh, thank God! I wonder if they had to go through the horrors I'm having to deal with. At least they had each other, though that might not necessarily make it easier, I guess. The amount of underlying compassion in her tone was almost overwhelming. Well, at least I'm not the only newcomer here, and certainly I'm not the most interesting by any standard. That's some relief, anyway. The vision of me was back in her thoughts, me as I sat at the table half turned away, fiddling with my bagel, which she'd noticed I wasn't eating. Bronze hair, check. Pale skin, check. Slight build – well, at least compared to Emmett – check. Youngest looking, check. Inhumanly beautiful, check. And yet, there it was, the unmistakable foundation of her thoughts, that same mental aftertaste of adoration that was so common among my family when one of us looked at our mates. One of us, I say, but exclude myself. How could it be? How could she be so different from every other human I'd ever come into contact with? There had been thousands – tens of thousands – that had interacted with me, thoughts in which I had seen myself. Why would she be any different? I couldn't help myself. I had to look. Well, she was beautiful, but many humans are. Her eyes were a deeper sort of brown than the usually flat and depthless variety I'd noticed on people before. She dressed as if she didn't care what she wore, so long as it served its purpose, which had nothing to do with fashion. She wore no makeup, but then, she didn't need to. She was still young, and her skin was flawless and nearly as pale as mine. She was… appealing , and it bothered me that she had to sit next to Jessica the Viper. She shouldn't have to be exposed to someone as spiteful and self-centered as that. She was appealing to me and I wanted to know more, and even as I realized that, it confused the hell out of me. Why should I want to know more about a human? I'd never wanted it before so why should I start now? But that was it – there had never been one like Bella Swan before. Another thought that confused me. My analysis of her had taken only a fraction of a second, during which I held her gaze, but quickly by human standards she looked away. She was embarrassed to be caught staring at me. She thought I was beautiful, but had no wish to be rude, or to make me feel uncomfortable. The beautiful boy seems frustrated. Who is he? Which one is he, already? Edward or Emmett? she mentally demanded of the girl next to her, who seemed to be drawing it out with all the gossip she knew, making