Haymitch is avoiding Effie. For the last ten days, he's done a very good job of it. He's left early for work everyday and he's stayed at Twelve until closing every night. When he finally drags his weary ass home, he should feel triumphant because there's a pink sticky note on his door reminding him to come upstairs and pick up his taxes, punctuated with four exclamation marks. He's missed her again. The only problem is that he can't feel triumphant because he actually does miss her. He never would have helped her and her friend carry that couch upstairs if he'd have known just how quickly she would insinuate herself into his life. He'd just been hoping for a beer or a handjob. Before he realized what was happening and before he could stop it, she was doing his taxes and helping him research a loan to buy the construction company from Chaff. And he was regularly at her place fixing things and bringing her actual food to eat; otherwise, he's pretty sure that she would have starved to death on a diet of microgreens and kombucha. To make matters worse, they've been slipping closer and closer to intimacy and he can't seem to stop the slide. It's her fault of course. She's always touching him, sliding her arm through his at the fourth of July block party, huddling next to him on the roof for Beetee's eclipse viewing party, peppering his jaw with kisses on New Year's, and kissing him on Saint Patty's. And he's always telling her stupid shit about how much he misses his mother at Christmas, or how he saw a kid who looked just like his brother and like the asshole he is, he cries on her shirt and probably fucking ruins it. They even slept together once on his couch; after a night of going over his finances, she'd fallen asleep on his shoulder amidst piles of pay stubs and he obviously couldn't move without waking her and before he knew it, his alarm was going off and she was half laying on top of him. And if he doesn't fucking cut shit out with her right now, she is going to try to stay and somehow, he'll hurt her, and he could forgive himself anything but that. He knows it's safe to go down to the row of mailboxes, because she's always at the PR firm where she works until seven or eight. Just as he's sliding his key into his mailbox, the front door opens and it's Effie looking windblown and tired. He yanks the key out of the box and turns to leave without taking the mail. "Haymitch," she calls after him, "Haymitch, wait!" And he shouldn't. But he does. He feels the blush start at the top of his ears even before she stops next to him. "Hello, Haymitch," she says. "Hey, sweetheart," he says, trying to sound nonchalant. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees her reach for him but stop before her fingers can touch his arm. "How are you?" she asks. He shrugs and tries to let the conversation start to die an agonizing death. But Effie won't let well enough alone. "Haymitch, I want to apologize. I know it's terribly bad manners to apologize like this but I know I did something wrong to make you avoid me and I want to apologize and ask for the chance to make things right," she says. "I miss you. If this is about the other night…" The other night. Christ, how could he have forgotten that? They'd gotten drunk off their asses and she'd stolen Miss Wiress' phone and slipped it into Beetee's pocket. Then Effie had kindly offered to call the woman's phone and somehow they had both managed to look shocked that Beetee would take her phone. Beetee had apologized, red cheeked and stuttering, but Miss Wiress had blushed too. Effie had collapsed, giggling, against Haymitch and whispered, "Take me home an-and fuck me, Haymitch." She had barely been able to stand, and had leaned heavily on him on the way to his truck, the heat spreading from her body to his like a wildfire. She had filled the drive with a drunken lecture on the importance of mahogany, and how amazeballs his thighs looked in jeans. On the threshold of her apartment, she had rested her head on his chest and began to nuzzle him, asking if he would take her home because she wanted to take him to bed. He wanted to sleep with her. Half the reason he'd helped with that damned couch in the first place was for the chance to sleep with her. But she had been too drunk and too tired to take to bed. She'd even been too drunk to kiss. So he had unlocked her door and tucked her into bed. "I still wanna, you know." She had pointed at his crotch. "Suck you off. You don't even have to stay after. I can cuddle myself," she had said, reaching for him. He had taken her hand and pressed a kiss to her knuckles as her breathing slowed. He had returned home and touched himself as he thought of all the other things that pale little hand could've done if she had only stopped a few kir royals earlier. "It's not," he snaps. She rests her hand on his arm. "Do you want to tell me what I did?" she asks, squeezing gently. He lets out a long breath and then says, "You didn't do anything. It's me. I'm all fucked up. I saw this thing." There's a moment of silence. Then she says, "A thing? What thing, Haymitch?" "It's stupid," he replies, looking at his feet. "It's not stupid if it upset you this much," she says. Another moment passes then she sighs. "What did you see?" He stomps his foot and runs his hand through his hand. "You want to know what I saw?" he snaps. He wishes that she would just leave him alone. His text notification chimes. He wishes that everyone would leave him alone. "Yes, that's exactly what I want," she replies, throwing her hands up. "Fine," he says, moving so their faces are inches apart, "I saw a girl who looks like you in a fucking porn. Okay?" She looks confused. "Okay. Why is that a problem?" she asks slowly, as if she's trying to tease out the significance of what he's said. "Do you think I do porn on the weekends?" "No," he says a little too quickly. "I mean, it's none of my business if you do. But when I see you," he takes a step back, "I think of-of the…." He lets the sentence die there. She blushes and says, "You think of porn when you see me?" He nods and she laughs. He pulls back a little, unsure as to why she's laughing at him. "It's kind of flattering. I mean, you...they're supposed to be pretty, right? If you think she looks like me, then that means you think I'm pretty, right?" He shrugs. "You know you're pretty," he replies but his voice is too soft. "Well thanks, I guess. Look, Haymitch, I just want to know that we're okay. Are we okay?" she asks with a hopeful little smile. He nods and tries not to tense up too much when she hugs him. He avoids her for four more days and even skips a party at Finnick's so that they don't run into each other. He's still slogging through a New Yorker article about the influence of communism on West African architecture and listening to the deafening silence as no one texts him and Effie's newest favorite band isn't on the speakers when he hears Effie's door open and shut and her heels on the linoleum floor. She knocks on his door and he considers pretending to be gone or asleep. Surely if he doesn't answer the door, she'll just go away. She knocks again. Of course she won't make this easy and go away. He'll never get that fucking lucky. He throws the magazine away in disgust and opens the door to find Effie glassy eyed on the other side. "I want you to show me," she says firmly. He's never had a conversation with her that didn't begin with a greeting and a how-are-you. It takes him a moment to recover. "Show you? Show you what?" he asks as she pushes past him. The first time she'd invited herself in, he had fought hard against the tide of embarrassment that washed over him when she had seen his couch with the 70s floral pattern from Goodwill and the battered coffee table. But she had oohed and ahhed over everything like she'd never seen goddamned furniture before. Then she had whipped out her phone and taken a picture of light streaming through his window onto his coffee table and posted it to Instagram. (Instagram, he has since learned, is an app that lets her share pictures of dumb shit with other people who like to look at pictures of dumb shit like someone's breakfast or a red leaf in August or Effie's cheek smashed against his. He supposes most people follow Effie because she's beautiful and occasionally posts pictures of herself in nothing but a sports bra and yoga pants looking like she's just had a decent fuck with a caption like, "Sweat like a pig, look like a fox," and some of those little animal picture emojis.) She had made him feel like something special that day and he had wished that he knew how to do the same for her. But the occasion never seemed to arise. "The porn," she replies, perching on the edge of the couch with her ridiculously large bag clutched to her chest. Haymitch tries his best not to feel embarrassed but he can feel the heat in his cheeks. "We're not watching porn together," he says, quickly shutting the door, lest the downstairs neighbors hear what she's saying. "Well, I think we should," she says, turning a delicate gold ring on her finger. "I think we should watch it. I'll tell you all the ways that she doesn't look like me and then this can be over. I want us to be friends again. Do you have any idea how terrible it is to watch Beetee try to get up the courage to talk to Miss Wiress? Because I'm going to tell you right now, it was painful and if you'd been there, we could've made it into a game or something." "Friends?" he asks. She laughs and says, "Well what else would you call us? What do you call the people you see everyday and text everyday and go to parties with?" Something other than friends, because friends don't fill up every damned corner of his life. They don't feed him and keep him company at all hours saying that it is okay because it has been years since they have slept through a night too. Friends don't help him buy a phone and show up at lunch to take pictures for all his contacts. Friends don't cut down on their drinking when he does as a show of solidarity. Friends don't buy each other expensive gifts just because something reminds them of him. Friends don't let him press them into their front door and kiss them so deep and hard that he thinks he might come just from the kissing. No, friends is the wrong word to describe their relationship. Even if she'd only peeked the inside of his bedroom once ("Matress on the bare floor with white sheets spilling onto the floor is so Kinfolk, I can't even cope," she had said as he steered her away from the bedroom to the bathroom), he thinks that maybe some stupid-ass word like "lovers" or "partners" better describes the level of attachment and intimacy they