Effie has been waiting for the elevator to chime for hours but that doesn't stop her from jumping when it does. As she grips the expensive bottle of whiskey in her hands, she finds that she suddenly has the oddest compulsion to run. Where she thinks she's going to go in a sheer, fur-lined robe and a silk nightgown, she's not sure. But she doesn't want to see Haymitch after his special meeting with their sponsor. She doesn't want him to come back in full armor. She doesn't have the energy for the sarcasm, the bitterness and the anger. Honestly, she doesn't want to have to strip them away to reach him again. But her fears aren't important tonight. Tonight Haymitch is coming back from the private sponsor's meeting that he has managed to successfully avoid for the past twenty four years. Twenty four years of pigheaded obstinacy undone for a skinny girl who can't even walk in heels. She hopes Katniss Everdeen is worth it. He seems soberer than she'd thought he would be, and her heart clenches a little at the thought of him having to prostitute himself without the protection liquor seems to provide him with. His pale hair is messy, as if he's been running his fingers through it, but maybe that had been the sponsor. His shirt is buttoned all the way up to the collar but it is partially untucked. His tie is missing. Blood roars in her ears as her mind turns over that last detail. Had the sponsor tied him up? The thought of Haymitch powerless and restrained make her dizzy with anger. If she ever meets that-that bitch who did this, she'll, she'll-she'll what exactly? What can she do to someone powerful enough and rich enough to buy a victor? Absolutely nothing is what she can do. "You lost your tie," she blurts out, her careful manners having deserted her. Haymitch looks at her like she's lost her mind. "Didn't lose it. It's right here." He produces the crumpled tie from his pocket. They both look at the tie for a moment. Maybe he is thinking the same thing she is. Maybe he is thinking that he is like the tie-discarded after it has served its purpose. Tentatively, because Haymitch's rages are as strong as they are unpredictable, she reaches a hand out to him. "Let's get you washed up," she says. "Then you need your sleep. It's been a big, big, big day." He makes a face but allows her to lead him to the bathroom. She sits him down on the closed lid of the toilet, opens the whiskey and presses it into his tremulous hands. He raises an eyebrow, clearly questioning her sanity. "Bath or shower?" she asks, avoiding his eyes. "Bath," he says, taking a sip. She hurries about drawing a bath for him and he noisily gulps down the whiskey until the bath is ready. She stands in front of him, chewing on the inside of her lip. "Do you want me to help you?" she asks, and the words fall from her mouth too quickly because she's afraid. Afraid he'll say yes, afraid he'll say no. He nods before taking another drink. He sets the bottle between the tub and the toilet. There's more left in it than she would have anticipated. Then he stands in front of her-so tall, so constant, such a man. She undresses him slowly. When the last buttons of his shirt are undone, she catalogues the scars on his chest. She sighs a little when she sees that there are no new wounds. Next she pushes the shirt off his shoulders and lets her fingers run over his skin and finds it warm and unhurt. She unbuckles his pants and she can feel the rising tide of panic building in her chest. If the sponsor hadn't marked him with teeth and nails, maybe she'd done something worse. Maybe she'd demanded that he make love to her and had wrested those words from him. The words he hasn't dared to utter since his mother and his brother and his-his girl had burned. Somehow this thought, of all thoughts, makes her the most angry. More roughly than she ought to considering what he's been through today, she pushes his pants and his underwear down. His thighs and cock look clean and she grabs his waist and cranes her neck to check the backs of his thighs for evidence of dried semen. They are clean too. His stubble looks clean as well-not shiny like it usually is when he raises his head up from between her thighs, a smirk on his face and a witty remark on the tip of his tongue. The absence of evidence isn't evidence in this case. Many of her past lovers had offered her wipes or towels before kissing her softly and sending her off with their drivers. "No need to manhandle me, sweetheart," he grumbles. "The hardware's still in one piece. Workin' just fine if you care to check." She pulls back quickly. He had said the same thing when she'd brought him a bottle full of blue pills for his meeting. He'd told her that he had a private meeting at a sponsor's home and she had done her job. She'd called the clinic and the doctor rushed a prescription for erectile disfunction medication to the pharmacy. Hands shaking, she'd accepted the bag that contained the bottle of pills. "You don't look like Haymitch Abernathy," the pharmacist had joked. "No, I am his escort," she had snapped. He winked, knowingly at her, and said, "Uh, may the odds be ever in his favor, I suppose." When she returned to the penthouse, she didn't give Haymitch the pills right away. But no matter where she went, she felt them weighing her down. She had brought him the pills so that he didn't have to rely on nature; he never had been much of an actor. But with a few quick tugs he'd be ready to impress anyone in the Capitol. She loathed the very idea of having to hand them to him. He had tossed the pills aside when she had finally given them to him and told her that the hardware was still working, and that he'd be happy to demonstrate at anytime. Then he'd stood up quickly and pinned her between the table and his body. She'd turned around and leaned over, because that's how he usually liked her when he was angry at the Capitol-an ass and a wig. But he had put his hands on her hips and turned her to face him. He'd told her to take the wig off and started kissing that spot behind her ear that never fails to make her weak in the knees. After he'd made her scream with his tongue, he'd pulled back, looked her in the eye and said her name. Then he'd buried himself inside her and fucked her like there was no tomorrow. And again after he'd gone limp and slipped out of her, he'd brushed his fingertips over her cheeks and whispered her name. She had told him to take the pills as he held her. Capitols expected their lovers to last for hours, she had told him. He had looked slightly disconcerted and told her that wasn't natural. She had snapped that none of this was natural. Maybe he doesn't even remember having said that to her. She herds him into the bath and begins scrubbing his back with vigor. He sits in the water, looking thoughtful as if he is turning something over in his mind. "Pass me the bottle, sweetheart," he says, his tone still too casual for her liking. She doesn't like that. She wants him to throw her down and fuck her until she can't stand-fucking the Capitol out of her, he calls it. She wants him to hit the bottle-hard. There had been a time when he could have finished a bottle in under five minutes. She wants him to lash out and mock her. She wants him to go to his friends-even that disgusting Chaff would do. But he doesn't do any of those things. He just seems...muted. He sighs, clearly having misinterpreted her silence for reluctance. "I promise I'll take it easy," he says, and Effie finds that she can't think of a single thing to say in response. Instead she passes him the bottle and starts washing his chest. He hums with pleasure as she rubs his skin, and his eyes flicker shut. She scrubs his arms next and he still seems eerily calm, so she deliberately runs the cloth down the center of his chest, over the dark blond trail of hair and wraps it around his soft cock. She makes a fist around him and gives him a slow pump. His legs fall open and his hips jerk twice before her hand comes to his base. He looks up at her, grey eyes dark with desire. He puts down the bottle and kisses her insistently, the water sloshing over the edge of the tub and soaking her front. He drops a hand to her breast and squeezes, and she pumps him a few more times before he puts his hand on her wrist to stop her. She looks him in the eye and hopes that he'll say something-anything. Instead he climbs out of the tub and starts to towel off. "Do you want me to get a wig?" she asks, folding her arms over her sodden gown. He cocks his head. "No, I don't want you to get a wig. You look ridiculous in those things." "Sometimes you like them. When you're angry," she replies, careful to keep judgement out of her tone. He snorts. "I've never liked them. You just wouldn't take 'em off at first. I've always liked you best without," he says as he throws the towel on the floor but takes the whisky with him. Effie bites down on her lip and swallows her disagreement and her reproaches. He's had a long, hard day, and she shouldn't aggravate him. She follows him to her bed. He sits down and she steps in between his legs. He puts his hands on her hips and pulls her until she's flush against him, and she leans down to kiss him. But he takes her breast in his mouth instead, sucking hard through the fabric, and the contact lights a small flame of desire in her belly. He flicks her nipple with his tongue then releases her to start on her other breast. She groans as the cool air makes her nipple even harder and weaves her hands in his wet hair. He pulls back and gives her robe a little tug. "Take this off." She pauses, hands on the tie, and asks coyly, "Do you want a show?" "Maybe later, sweetheart," he says as he takes a drink from the bottle, "Right now I just want you." She lets out a shuttering breath, desire coiling in her stomach. She shrugs off her robe, and just to show him how different it's going to be, she tosses her nightgown, bra and panties across the room. He raises an eyebrow but doesn't say a word. It's a shame that he doesn't want a show-her frilly knickers were made for teasing. She knows what she wants to do. She drops to her knees in front of him and wraps her hands around his ankles. He gives her a sharp look and she's almost offended. She doesn't know what happened with the sponsor but she's almost sure that he wasn't used sexually. But that doesn't change the hours she spent worrying about him. She wants to show him how important he is. Show him how much she values every part of him. Pushing all thoughts from her mind, she nuzzles his thigh and she runs her hands over his calves, alternating between soft strokes