A/N: This is a story idea I've had in mind for a while. I'm sure there are a billion of these on fanfic, but I still thought it would be an interesting subject to tackle: the romance of Tonks and Lupin. I don't like doing AU, so you'll find this generally follows canon. There will be scenes here and there that you will recognize from their points of view, but for the most part, these are the in between times. This starts the summer before the 4th book and will go up until the end. (Which is a break for me...I generally deal in happy endings, so I'm not sure what to do there.) For people used to my general posting pace, I don't know that this will follow along those lines. And if you're reading my other WIP, I am still working on that chapter. Promise! Trial and Error Tonks huffed to a stop, doubling over and holding a stitch in her side. Her wand lowered as she grimaced to get a look at her time. One hour forty-two minutes and nine seconds. Ten minutes slower than the obstacle record. She could have beat it easily, if it weren't for all those damned tree roots in the dark forest portion. Stealth had always been her Achilles heel, but based on the time, she was well within qualification. Now it was up to the committee to decide how they felt on her performance during that time. "Not bad," a hard, low voice growled behind her. Tonks stretched out her side, taking deep, steady breaths to slow her heart rate and get her body back to normal. "That's high praise, coming from you, Mad-Eye," Tonks said. She was the first in her group at the Academy to take him at his word and call him that during their first week. Everyone had stared blankly at her, then at him to see if he would react. Slowly the others came around. Except Hancock. Hancock was a damn stiff for the rules and never really got around to the nickname. "Should have taken your time in the middle there," he said. "Still would have tripped," she replied. Mad-Eye gruffed. He knew she was right. She stretched her arm, glad Mad-Eye could come. She was in his second class at the academy. The rumors were that they weren't sure what to do with him in the department anymore, with his enthusiastic paranoia and tendency to curse anything that moved, they convinced him to train the incoming classes, and Tonks was glad for it. He was a right pain in the ass, but at least when she said as much he would just give that little growl and move on. He knew it and he was fine if she knew it. And Tonks adored him for that. She would have done much better at Hogwarts if more professors had been like him. "So what do you think?" Tonks asked, wiping at the snot running from her nose, snuffing up as much as possible. "Think they'll take me?" "With this whole Sirius Black nonsense, they'll have to," Mad-Eye said. "At least as temporary staff. Just hold back on any snarky remarks that come to mind." "Well, God bless Sirius Black for creating a job market," Tonks said. "Snarky remarks like that," Mad-Eye grumbled under his breath. Tonks smiled and looked over at him. Several more minutes passed as the two waited side-by-side, the three members of the committee conferring as Tonks thought through every mistake. She followed the wrong path in the first leg, though she hadn't waited long on the false lead. The tripping, but it was best they knew about that straight away. Mad-Eye had likely elaborated on that flaw in his recommendation anyway. "Alright, Miss Tonks, we will be in touch with you in the next few weeks," a tall black man said with a curt nod. "You couldn't have just said that when I came out?" Tonks asked. The two men flanking him gave her sour expressions. "We will be in touch," the black man simply repeated. "But—" "Let's go," Mad-Eye said, grabbing her elbow and steering her away. "I'm just saying, they could have just let me know—" "Just stop saying it to the man who might be your supervisor." "Who?" Tonks asked, looking back over her shoulder. She could already tell that she would be in trouble a lot with the squat, bald man on the right. His frown had deepened the most at her question. "Kingsley Shacklebolt," Mad-Eye said. "The one in the middle talking to you." "Oh," Tonks said, looking back. Shacklebolt was looking at her with a smirk. Based on her experience with past teachers, that either mean he liked her spunk or he planned on using what she said against her. Hired or not. "Noted." "Going into Ministry work, you better start playing the game a little more, Tonks," Mad-Eye advised. "It won't help your career any to speak first." "It hasn't seemed to hurt your career," Tonks said. "That's because I knew how to walk without tripping over my own feet," Mad-eye retorted, his magical eye zooming in various directions, then freezing somewhere in the back. "What is it?" Tonks asked, looking straight ahead. "Hancock finished," Mad-Eye said. "Beat your time by three minutes." "That insufferable little wanker," Tonks seethed. "Don't start," Mad-Eye advised. Tonks looked at Mad-Eye, then swallowed it back. Hancock had been a thorn in her side at the academy. He was a smarmy pretty boy who still talked about how he had been Head Boy at Hogwarts. She heard through the grapevine that he failed to get a qualifying grade in Defense for the N.E.W.T.s levels three times before he passed, which was why he was in the academy with her at all. "Wanker," she muttered under her breath again. Mad-Eye grunted, but didn't reprimand her. Tonks went to the lockers, grabbing her bag, taking off her training robes and putting on her denim jacket, fixing the collar to meet Mad-Eye just outside. "What's with all these muggle fashions?" Mad-Eye asked. Tonks just smiled. Mad-Eye and her mother had more in common than she ever thought they would. Only her mother said it with an exasperation of a woman's whose hopes of a traditional daughter were being dashed, while Mad-Eye growled it out like he had been waiting all his life to be old enough to exhibit this much umbrage with the next generation and would now make the most of the privilege. "It helps with stealth," Tonks argued. "Look like a wizard dressing like a muggle and it wouldn't matter how easily I can change the shape of my chin." "Hey," Mad-Eye said, grabbing her elbow on the sidewalk. "Don't worry. You'll get in. You just keep your nose clean when you get in there, right?" Tonks looked at Mad-Eye. His expression didn't speak to the normal paranoia and irritation at her lack of manners or ability to play by the rules. Both eyes were focused on her—something she had only seen one other time—and he gripped her arm tightly. "You know me, always one for getting on everyone's good side," Tonks said with a grin. "Besides, now that you're retired I can always just come vent to you. Keep you on your toes." "I won't be at home," Mad-Eye said. His roaming eye was spinning again. Tonks blinked. "Where will you be?" she asked. "Got a post teaching," Mad-Eye said. "I thought you said you were done with the acade—" "It's not at the academy. It's at Hogwarts." Tonks didn't know how she felt about this. Tonks hadn't been much for socializing with her peers since graduating Hogwarts. More often than not, she had eaten lunches with Mad-Eye or hit him up to run drills with her after normal training. She wouldn't have asked any of the other trainers for that. Most of them were in their forties and had families. Tonks never got the impression they wanted to do much beyond their daily hours of work. Once when she convinced him to have some whiskey in his flask instead of juice or water, Tonks was able to get him tipsy and he ranted about how most of the trainers were there because they couldn't hack it in the real world. Mad-Eye was all in, though. Just like Tonks. She had just assumed that once she started, she would be able to crash his place for advice and whatever else she needed to navigate the Ministry. "Really?" Tonks said. "Why didn't you tell me?" "Besides the fact I don't answer to you?" Mad-Eye said. "Because it just happened. And when Dumbledore asks you to do something, you say yes." Tonks swallowed and nodded solemnly. "Hey," Mad-Eye said. "I'm just an owl away." "Yeah," Tonks said, unable to extricate the disappointment in her voice. "I couldn't stay with you forever, kid. But you'll do fine. Just remember to tie your shoelaces," Mad-Eye said. "And watch yourself with that mouth. Things aren't like they were at the Ministry even a decade ago. Keep your head down and you'll be able to do a lot more good." "But—" "Keep your head down," Mad-Eye repeated, each word deliberate and enunciated. "Alright," Tonks said. "And thank you, Mad-Eye. Thank you for—" "I don't do sap," Mad-Eye interrupted her. Tonks grinned. "Let's go get you a drink." After a couple rounds with Mad-Eye (with a side of advice on getting her own flask), Tonks packed an overnight bag at her flat and headed home. About once every two months her mum would start hinting that Tonks should come spend some time with them. Lately it had been more often. Her mum was a worrier at best, but eventually Tonks always relented, knowing that if she appeased her mum, things were just easier. Her mother never quite understood her. How could the beautiful Andromeda Tonks really understand a daughter who would rather go rough and tumble with the boys than get dolled up for a ball? Tonks knew her mother had grown up with sisters who all gushed over the latest social event. Dresses and baubles and makeup. Having been disowned didn't change that. And there was even more clarity when Tonks learned a few years before that her mother had miscarried three times before Tonks herself survived the trials of pregnancy and that none of the other attempts would work after that either. By the time Tonks was four her parents had given up on having more than one. Instead they turned all their time and attention on her. Tonks apparated into the garden. It was more lush this year than it had been in previous years. Her mother must be terribly bored lately. Or worried. She always seemed to put off other things to work in the garden if she was fretting. "Nymphadora!" her mum called through the open window. Tonks waited until she was moving towards the door and out of sight before making a face. Her mother was the only person allowed to call her that, but it was more out of the stubborn battle fought when Tonks went to school and stopped using the name. At eleven, she came home for winter holidays and informed her parents that they were now to call her Tonks. Her dad accepted it (with an occasional Dora here and there), but her mother—never one to be informal or to allow others to tell her what to do—continued on with Nymphadora. Andromeda burst from the door, a wide smile as she rushed down the brick path, pulling Tonks to her. Tonks smiled into her shoulder, returning the embrace. "Hi, Mum," Tonks said. Andromeda pulled her back, holding a shoulder in each hand. "How did you do?" "Mad-Eye thought I did good." "You shouldn't call your teacher that," Andromeda clucked disapprovingly. "He doesn't mind," Tonks said for probably the hundredth time. "Anyway, I tripped up a little,