A/N: I've been stewing on this new H/G (with some R/Hr thrown in) for awhile. Can't guarantee any sort of speed posting, though with holidays coming up there's a good chance I'll knock some of this out quickly then. Hope you enjoy! I do respond to reviews when you are logged in and have your settings to allow such! Cake and Candles Four years after the war Harry pushed aside one stack of files from in front of him and waved his wand for another to levitate over, dropping with a dull shuffling of papers and manila folders. He sighed, flipping through each case, searching for something, though he didn't know what. Instead, he found one mundane situation after another. None of the files piqued his interest. Of course the head of the Auror department had told him the last week he had to stop doing this. He needed to focus his energies and just slog through, rather than hand selecting his cases. In his defense, he was getting better about it, but late in the day Harry had little patience for what didn't interest him. Especially that night. "Harry?" He looked up from the pile of work. Ginny stood, looking at him with a raised brow and a knowing grin. She leaned against the cubicle opening, wearing a sundress and with a neatly wrapped box in her hand. Her hair was tied up in several entwining knots, rather than her usual ponytail. "Hey, Gin," Harry said. He set aside another file, reading the heading of the next. Centaur breeder in South Scotland. Terrible situation for relations between wizards and the centaur communities throughout the United Kingdom. "You know, I don't think I can go tonight. There's just… so much work here." Ginny nodded as though agreeing, but Harry knew better. He saw the sarcasm behind it as she moved beside him, picking up one of the files herself. "Candle rituals at Stonehenge, huh?" she asked. "You better get on that straight away. I'm surprised you didn't just leave me a note." "That's just something Kingsley showed me for a laugh," Harry said. "Muggle reports like that sometimes get thrown to us by conspiracy nuts in administration." "Well good, then you can definitely come celebrate Ron's new job with George," Ginny said, her voice with an obnoxious, teasing, chipper edge. "Ginny, I can't—" "Harry," she cut him off, turning to lean against his desk. She set aside the gift for Ron and curled her fingers under the edge of the tabletop. "What is this really about?" Harry sighed, scratching the back of his head. "We were always in this together," Harry said. Ginny watched him carefully. She didn't move, her expression safe and interested. She waited. "Ron and I started together. Even before the Ministry, you know? Ron was my first ally I remembered. I mean, Hermione too, but Ron… Ron was the first one that felt like someone that would be next to me through whatever we did." "I remember a fair few times the two of you had your troubles." "But not since school," Harry said. "I know Neville was in school with us and left for McGonagall's official offer last year, but Ron…" Ginny put her hand over Harry's, squeezing it tightly. "I know," she said softly. "I'm just going to miss him." "Well, it's a good thing you're marrying me then," Ginny said. She moved, falling into his lap, arms hanging on his shoulders. Harry wrapped his hands around her waist. "I did always suspect you just wanted to be a Weasley." "You're not entirely wrong about that," Harry said, grinning as Ginny leaned in and kissed him. "Come on, then," Ginny said. "Ron's done here whether or not you come. And you know you'll regret not being there." "Yeah, you're right," Harry said with a sigh. He pushed back from his desk and grabbed his traveling cloak. "This will be good," Ginny added, taking his hand as they walked down the hall towards the lift. "George is excited to have a partner in the business again, too. And Ron will have a more flexible schedule… and it's actually going to be his own thing." Harry nodded, holding tight to Ginny's hand, running his thumb along her skin. There were some days he woke up and couldn't believe this was really his life. For so long he had faced some definitive finish line that anything on the other side still seemed an impossibility. As soon as the war was over, Molly had insisted Harry come to live with them while he figured out what was next. Kingsley had come to talk to Harry and Ron. Any demands they had before joining the Ministry in its efforts were already in the works. He had tried to convince Hermione to work, rather than return to Hogwarts, but she wasn't to be deterred. They mentioned Neville to Kingsley as well, but apparently that was one person they had already considered along with other members of the D.A. Neville was the only one to accept. Within six months, Harry had helped Kreacher fix up the house on Grimmauld. With Kreacher on his side instead of working against Harry, they had even managed to remove some of the features such as the portrait in the front hall and the house elf heads. That took Kreacher some time to understand why they would want it to be gone, but with Hermione's thoughtful help, they were able to build an underground area in the back garden. This seemed to touch Kreacher, who took care of the rest of the house so quickly that Harry was amazed it wasn't a new place altogether. Ron and Harry moved in, much to Molly's dismay. Ginny and Harry weren't out of one another's company until she went back with Hermione for their seventh year. They wrote two to three times a week while she was gone as well. Harry worked enough overtime to have nearly a full week off when she came home for Christmas. Ron, ever the loyal friend, worked the same hours. He was pleasantly surprised at the extra time off when it came. After graduating, Ginny spent almost every weekend she wasn't playing for the Harpies with Harry. Hermione moved into the Grimmauld house until six months ago, when Hermione and Ron decided to get their own flat. Kreacher had died before then. Harry buried him with the memorial of other house elves, laying Kreacher to rest holding the shrunken version of his mistresses portrait, and finally sold the last bit of the Black family estate. He put half of the sale into a vault of money for his godson Teddy. Harry had tried to give it directly to Andromeda, but she refused. Harry put the rest of the money away in an account for whenever he and Ginny bought a house of their own. Yes, life had a way of ebbing and flowing into its own form of normalcy. Even with less pleasant changes, like Ron quitting so he could become a partner in Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, Harry felt like he had somehow won the lottery on the life he now lived. Harry gave a polite nod to one of the receptionists, holding the door open for Ginny. They went to the curb, watching for cars before crossing the street and heading into the alley. At the end of the way they could apparate. Harry lengthened his stride when Ginny tugged on his hand. "Did you hear that?" Ginny asked, looking behind her. "Hear what?" Harry asked, following her gaze with his own. "Shhh," she hushed him, narrowing her eyes and scanning the ground and sky. Harry looked the same way, unsure of what she was tracking. She had dropped his hand, pulling out her wand. "Ginny?" Harry said. Harry was just reaching for his own when a high pitched whirring seemed to grow from the darkness. His eyes widened as Ginny turned towards him, flicking her wand. Harry was shoved to one side of the alley as her own spell pushed her the opposite direction, both slamming into brick as a bright, spinning ball of light shot between the two of them, twenty or so yards beyond where they had stood, shaking the ground as it exploded. Noise erupted, people apparated between him and Ginny. Harry blocked a curse, sending back a jinx to have the body disapparate and appear again, blocking his path. "Ginny!" Harry shouted. She was moving back, fighting off two people on her own. Harry twisted, popping up in between the two groups. The others were still pushing him and Ginny apart, forcing them on the offense through their movements. Harry threw up a long barrier, running along it to get closer to Ginny. The man he had been fighting popped up in front of him, grinning on the other side of the barrier. His face was hidden by his hood, but his mouth was clear, the corners upturned. Harry crossed his wand to the other side of his body, moving at a sharp angle upward. He thought the spell and just as his tip was to strike, there was a series of pops and the others disappeared, no barrier, no others between him and Ginny. Harry's spell struck Ginny along her jaw, throwing her off balance as his eyes widened. "No!" he shouted, running forward. The people surrounded him again, someone laughing to his right. Ginny fell to her knees, shaking as she held her jaw. Harry turned, standing over her, furious with himself. Furious for not seeing what they were aiming to accomplish. Even now, he couldn't read exactly what they were after. And he didn't care, so long as Ginny could get away. "Ginny, run," Harry whispered, keeping his wand at chest level. There was enough space for one of the three to get to the other side, but they seemed uninterested in it at this point. Ginny took an unsteady breath and stood. Harry felt her free hand reach back, touching his leg. "Go," he repeated quietly. "No," she hissed back. Harry was thinking of how he could get Ginny to leave when others appeared, surrounding their attackers. There was a woosh of air and a cacophony of pops, the man pinned to the ground by Hawkins from the department, and others cornered another of the attackers. The third got away, disapparating out of the grip of another auror, but the others were disarmed. "You alright there, Harry?" Caleb Truman from the general law enforcement team asked, coming closer. Harry turned around, lighting the tip of his wand and looking at Ginny. There was clearly bruising along her right jaw, speckled all the way up to the corner of her lip. They had waited until Harry issued a particularly nasty hex. He swallowed, trying to contain a shaking fury as he looked at her. "It's alright," Ginny said, though she twitched away from his fingers, even with the slightest touch. "Harry, really, please it's fine." Harry turned and marched over to the man. Two different spells held him back as he spat, screaming at the man. He continued to grin. "Calm down," Truman said. "Harry, you need to—" "Who is he?" Harry said, turning his attention. Someone else was talking to Ginny now. "Thicknesse. Leonard," Hawkins said. "We've had a warrant out for him." "It's not over," Thicknesse said. "The Dark Lord had many plans to continue living on. You may have defeated him, but he has passed on his legacy." Harry tried to pull his wand again. Hawkins stopped him. "Look, Potter, we need a statement," Hawkins said. "But the muggles are going to start to notice. We'll take them in—" "They attacked Ginny," Harry seethed. "We know," Hawkins replied. "One of the guards at the front desk heard the commotion and notified the night crew. We have it now. You're off." "No, I'll see—" "Go attend to your girlfriend, Potter," Hawkins said.