The harsh, choking smell of smoke filled Malrin's nose, pulling her violently out of sleep. She struggled for breath as she sat up, the swirling air thick and murky around her. Coughing, Malrin sprang out of her coarse straw mattress, covering her mouth and nose. Flickering flames leapt rapidly up the walls of her room. The thin mud covering her walls was crumbling off, leaving the dry straw exposed to the blaze. Malrin pushed through the choking air, her lungs burning with the effort. The leap from the loft usually looked short and easily done, but now looked unfeasible. Her reliable stepladder, worn smooth from her hands, was now a black pillar of smoldering cinders, burning her hands when she touched it. Sucking on her fingers, Malrin groped for the edge of the loft. She let go of her mouth and nose and dropped, hanging by her arms and hands. For a second, Malrin gathered her wits before the loft started to sink, fire licking her fingers. Shrieking with pain, Malrin dropped, landing with a bump on the hard dirt floor. Her bones screamed in agony; her flesh ached from the fall. Malrin lay gasping before the smoke overtook her lungs once more. She forced herself to stand and move towards the woven curtain hanging as a door. A sudden panic overtook her mind, making her heart stop. Her mother's rosary. Malrin ran to the shelve next to the cold fire pit, grabbing her mother's silver and sapphire rosary. A earsplitting crash and blast of heat from behind her made her scream. Malrin pushed through the door, tearing the rough, woven curtain off the doorway as she dashed out. The house toppled in a split second afterwards. Malrin collapsed, sobbing, onto the grass as the boiling air passed its way over her back, blistering the skin beneath her thin wool shift. Malrin sat up, struggling to move her taut, fiery skin. Looking around, her breath caught in her throat. Women we fleeing, holding their children's hands as their homes burned. Horses caught in a barns screamed in agony as a barn collapsed around them. Blood flowed down the streets and bodies lay around the town, all men, women and children. Men on horseback raced through the town, lighting straw roofs on fire with torches, their stench carrying through the town, roaring and bellowing with malicious delight. Malrin rose, her knees quivering and put her mother's rosary around her neck. Get to the woods. Four words pounded in her head as Malrin dashed, pulling the drape up over her coiled flaxen hair. Her swift feet carried her through the burning town, past crying children, bodies in the streets and women as they lay bleeding. Her pounding feet created a rhythm as she ran, her mind focusing on the misty dark land that sat in the distance. Suddenly, a rider on a great ashen mare whirled straight toward Malrin. His facial hair was untamed and foul, his clothes soiled and torn. His mouth was open wide with a howl, his eyes wild. He pulled a sword out of his scabbard, and leapt off the mare, landing in a puddle of ash and mud. He grinned as he circled her, his teeth black. "Petty lassie, ain't ye?" He laughed a loud, hacking laugh and stepped towards her, ripping off her cloak, sending her sprawling into the street. "Please don't touch me." Malrin begged, but her cries were lost in the din of panic. The man laughed loudly again, forcing her to lay on the ground and sat on top of her, making it difficult to breathe. His harsh mouth met hers, giving her a nauseating taste of harsh wine and tobacco he had last smoked. She begged and pleaded, screamed and fought, but all to no avail. Finally, growing tired of her relentless cries, the man held her mouth with his dirty hand. Then, aggressively, he pulled her wool skirt up with a lusty growl and entered her, a flash of pain making Malrin shriek. Then she stopped fighting. She thought of her mother and her beautiful face, swimming lazily in her mind, the day after they had gone on a picnic with her father many years ago. They had swam in a lake with a waterfall, she remembered. It was cool and clean, cleaner than anything Malrin had seen in her short life. Her mother's laugh was high and joyful, her father's laugh deep and throaty. They ran together, under the hot sun. And as the sun went down, they walked back, her mother's long skirt swishing in the tall grass, and her father's muscular shoulders rippling under Malrin's jaw and he carried her over his shoulder. The man was moving now, grunting and sweating. The sound was nauseating. Malrin turned her head, looking towards the castle's shape in the smoke. How she had yearned, so long ago, to live there, as Lady Cathleen did. Now there was only darkness, and death, and pain. This man is going to kill me , she thought. But she didn't really mind. Her body seemed separate from her mind, floating through the air. Screams from the survivors reverberated everywhere and as she lay, limp, she yearned for death. And then, abruptly, a crash reverberated around the town, knocking some sense into her. She moaned, and the man responded, moving up to kiss her neck. Malrin reached into his cloak carefully and grabbed the man's sword handle, pulling up and then thrusting in. The man screamed and stood, holding his side, where a deep gash was oozing crimson. He yelled angrily, his trousers around his ankles, and pulled a short dagger from his boot. He threw it at her rapidly, before she could move. It stuck in her shoulder with a sickening thud. She gasped, her breath catching in her throat before she fell to her knees. The man laughed maliciously, and stepped toward her, pulling the dagger out slowly, relishing in her pain. Malrin did not make a sound. She tilted her head up, making eyes contact with the man as he raised the dagger to penetrate her head. Before the glinting blade came down upon her head, an arrow, silver and wickedly fast, whizzed straight through his skull. He screamed, and collapsed. He was dead before he hit the ground. His body landed close to her, but Malrin did not move. She sat there, numb as the blood pooled around them. Suddenly, a pair of rough, gentle hands lifted her into a standing position. "Come along now, milady." The voice was deep and melodious, a man's. His hands wrapped around her waist and held her upright, and whistled softly. The sound of pounding hooves filled the air, and a tall, silver horse stopped in front of them with a snort. The man's voice carried through the air, murmuring soft words of encouragement as he lifted her on the horse with ease. He leaped gracefully behind her and grasped the leather reins, keeping a steady hold on her. He whispered something in a strange tongue, and the horse whinnied, flying off towards the east. Malrin leaned back, breathing in the man's fresh smell, like the sunshine and flowers in the spring. His long, pale blonde hair was soft, brushing her neck. She leaned her head back into him, feeling the rich silk brocade that made up his tunic. It was tight, his well formed, lean muscles rippling as they flew away from the stench of decay. The screams died, replaced with a cool silence. The wind whipped her face, bringing feeling back to her limbs. Malrin groaned, turning her head to the side. "Everything will be right with the world." The man murmur softly, slowing the horse momentarily to cross a river. The freezing water splashed over Malrin's bare feet and knees, soaking her woolen skirt. The horse made it across, scrambling up the steep bank and taking off like a flash in the dark once again. They raced through the woods. Trees stretched their malicious limbs out to them, beckoning them into the dark. Suddenly, Malrin noticed a flickering dot in the darkness. It was warm and welcoming, hope on the shady horizon. The man tensed and leaned forward, kicking his heels into the horses flank and clicking his tongue. "Our destination draws near. " The flickering light grew steadily larger, and men's voices filled her ears. As they approached the clearing, a man's rumbling voice rose in anger. "What folly is this, Legolas?" "She is injured. Our aid is needed." "You could have been seen! We have no time for this." Malrin moaned suddenly, her head whirling. She heard a shout as the saddle left her legs. "Catch her!" She felt a pair of rough hands grab her and darkness seized her vision. When Malrin awoke, she was laying on her side on a rough woolen sleeping mat. Men were talking in hushed voices as a pair of coarse hands felt her stinging shoulder gently. "Tell us what happened, Legolas." Malrin gritted her teeth, keeping her eyes closed. "I went to the village as planned, but I found chaos when I arrived. Men from another realm had reduced the village to ashes. I attempted leave but found...them at the edge of the town." Malrin winced and moaned. Silence followed, along with a gentle brush to her hair, before the chatter resumed. "There was a mortal- He was standing just above her with a dagger, already bleeding. I simply finished the job. I pulled her up, and found her shoulder. I knew she was losing too much blood to survive. I thought you could help her, Aragorn" The man above Malrin stopped, and took a deep breath. "Good riddance to filth I say. But what are we gonna do with the girl?" The men paused, and Malrin felt pairs of eyes on her. She made her breathing even and serene, hoping they wouldn't notice her shaking. Finally, after a pause, the same deep voice from above her cut through the silence. "We wait until she awakes, and see what shall happen from there. We must reach north Calomel before tomorrow's sunset." The group made noises of agreement. "Lovely. Now rest. And someone watch the girl. I don't doubt she will be plagued by nightmares." The rustling of blankets followed his words. Malrin froze, waiting. Loud snores from all corners filled the clearing after some time. Malrin stood up slowly, holding her shoulder. Nothing stirred. She stepped lightly over a sleeping figure next to her, grabbing his thick cloak as she went. Malrin put it on, pulling the dark hood over her head. She winced, her shoulder stinging fiercely as she moved to the edge of the clearing. Almost there... Suddenly a glint caught her eye. It was a sword of exquisite quality, sitting a few inches away from a snoring figure. She hesitated, her mind whirling. Then, making up her mind, Malrin grabbed the hilt, pulling it out slowly. She reached the point of the blade when the snap of a twig behind her made her reel around, holding the sword out in front of her, her body shaking from loss of blood. A deep, rumbling chuckle came out of the darkness. "Come, milady. Didn't anyone teach you to pick your fights more sensibly?" A young man stepped into the light of the campfire, a smirk on his face. He was exceptionally handsome, with snapping blue eyes and strong jaw. He leaned against a tree, his body language cocky. "My, my. A lady really shouldn't be playing with swords." Malrin glared at him, moving forward so that the sword tip touched his throat. He snorted, a sneer on his face. "Leave her be, Vice." Malrin gasped, letting the sword slid out her weak fingers. Vice caught the handle in his strong hands. She spun around, finding herself in front of a short, plump figure with an stylishly braided, crimson beard. Dwarf? "Come now, Gimli,