Chapter One ... ... ... History prefers legends to man. It prefers nobility to brutality, soaring speeches to quiet deeds. History remembers the battle but forgets the blood. Whatever remembers of me if it remembers anything at all, it shall only be a fraction of the truth. For whatever else I am; a wife, a hunter, a goddess, I will always think of myself as a person in this world who struggled against darkness. -Phoebe Artemis ... ... ... Many have told already different versions of her life, the life of the Greek goddess Phoebe Artemis. Yes, she's real, at least at this version she is though many people don't believe it these days thinking of the gods as nothing more than myth. But she's real, she's very real and her story portrayed by the ancient Greek writers of course was the truth or if to be more honest, at least half the truth like everything in history is. The Hunters never forgot her story, it served as an inspiration for them all. A moment, we're not talking about the Hunters of , those girl scouts have absolutely no idea who their mistress really is and how she stood alongside two of the most bravest hunters the world had the luck to see. And as I said before, we're not talking about the Hunters of Artemis, we're talking about Vampire hunters, the bulwark of man against the creatures of the night. Yes, yes vampires are a myth and a legend. But aren't gods legends and stories too? Vampire hunters are real, they are even portrayed at video games and stories. One would easily forget that games and legends like that always have a basis of truth. And their abilities? Don't even get started on that. How about we stop all this and start examining the memories shall we? This is a record of the modern day hunters about what happened long ago, the full truth unlike the novels that the writers wrote. Of course it all started as our wannabe ex-vampire hunter Homer had written in his novels. It all started on Delos. ... ... ... Artemis shivered feeling the eyes of men eyeing her up and her mother. She can't understand what mortals found so fascinating about her and her mother. Every time they traveled from one Greek city state to another, it is always the same. Men would leer and gawk at them sending tingling sensations of worry at the godling's spine. She was thankful though that her younger brother was at her side glaring at the men with such intensity and fingering his ever present bow that the men backed off without much trouble. "Are you ready to go Artemis?" a voice asked beside her and Artemis smiled at Leto who is holding a small basket with their supplies for their next journey and she smiled as she took her mother's hand. "Yes mom," chirped the godling happily as she glided on the Titaness side followed by her brother Apollo who is making a lookout at anything or anyone. Artemis can't blame him, their lives are in peril after all. Python may come any moment and he would attack to kill. It won't care even if they are surrounded by mortals. Artemis looked up to the sky in distaste as she remembered her father. Leto made it as a strict rule on their little family already that they won't lie to one another. It was no secret anymore to her and her brother that their father is the ever loving king of the skies that ruled the heavens with an iron fist. And that is sarcastically speaking. Artemis hated her father with a passion that he abandoned them at Hera's mercy since he can't keep it on his pants and he was to skittish and fearful to offend her wife even more. The young godling scowled even more as she remembered Hermes, who had taken pity on their little dysfunctional family being hunted and have opened his shops all over Greece to give them as much supplies as possible that would not attract the queen of the god's attention that they desperately needed to survive. Somehow despite the meager resources they have, Leto succeeded on raising Artemis and Apollo to healthy godlings even as they are hunted by the relentless hunter. That is the reason why Leto and them had to risk venturing to the Greek cities since Hermes' shops are only open at the city states and not at the wilderness where hiding and cover is much more prominent. Artemis knew that city states are filled with Olympus' spies and many would be more than happy to tell them on Hera to curry favor with the queen of the gods. Once discovered, it would not be long of course before Python, Hera's pet would come and hunt them down again. Artemis gripped the small knife she had on her belt as she closed her eyes and remembered the reason why Python was sent. Hera after finding about the birth of Artemis and Apollo have been furious obviously and Zeus to avoid seating on a couch for years have agreed to allow her free reign to hunt them down. Artemis made a mental note to get her father for that. How dare he exchange them for such trivial matters as sleeping in the couch. He would trade his own children for comfort. Artemis' was broken out of her reverie as she felt her mother squeeze her hands a little tighter than usual and she blinked her silver eyes as their eyes met. "Something bothering you my little moon?" asked Leto with concern, Artemis knew her mother enough that she was an expert at fishing out their moods. "Nothing mom, just thinking about dad," said Artemis focusing her gaze on their path to avoid any landmines left by passing animals. "Don't worry Artemis. Your father would come and claim you one day and you will be Olympians. You don't have to suffer this kind of lifestyle anymore. You would have a palace, servants and you would be part of the ruling body of the gods," Leto said squeezing her daughter's hands tighter. "You only have to be patient," "I'm not thinking about that mom," replied Artemis. She had heard enough from her mother already about this ruling thing. Artemis had no intention to rule. She wanted a family, a proper one where she could go home and rest and smile without having ever to worry about politics and stuff like that. "And what are you thinking about Artemis?" asked Leto blinking her eyes at her. "I'm thinking about why Dad allowed us to be left alone and be hunted by that bitch," thunder growled at the sky and Leto shifted uneasily at Artemis' side. "Aren't we his children? Aren't you his lover? Why is he allowing us to be hunted like common animals?" Artemis tried hard not to sniffle but failed miserably and she barely felt Leto hold her close. "You had to understand Artemis that your father is in a very compromising position as king of the gods. He can't just do anything he wants and such things he does always affects everything that's why he's delaying everything as much as possible," Leto smiled weakly at her. "Do not worry, you and your brother would be safe with him soon. That I can assure you," Artemis scowled heavily. "But what about you mum? You always said that Apollo and I would be allowed to Olympus to take our places. What about you? You're coming with us right?" Leto seemed to grimace and forced a smile at her before answering weakly. "I'll be just fine Artemis, do not worry. I love it here and traveling and doing these. I do not belong to Olympus but you are. You are a god Artemis and I am a Titan. You know enough about our history to know that I can never set foot there," "Then I'm not going there. I'm staying with you mom. Who would carry the baskets if I am not there?" pouted Artemis and Leto laughed, combing Artemis' silver hair gently. "Of course you can stay with me all you like. But now we need to go home," "You're funny mome. We don't have a home," reminded Apollo at the back and the three laughed as they followed the dirt road near the docks. "But seriously mome, where are we staying tonight?" chirped Artemis walking side by side with her mother. "I believe we'll stay at the ruins outside Delos tonight," replied Leto. "It would be raining soon and the water would wash any trace of our passing," "Uggh, we're going to be wet again?" grumbled Apollo. "Why don't we kill that snake so we can be finally free?" Artemis giggled as their mother's eyes narrowed and nailed her brother. "You're too young and it's too dangerous Apollo! Don't you ever do that!" Apollo grumbled a bit at the stern words but he nodded in agreement, kicking a small stone away in the process. "It's no fun here at all," he mumbled and Artemis glided at her brother's side. "Don't worry Apollo, you know as well as I do that mom's right," "Or you're just too afraid to fight him," countered the future sun god making Artemis frown. "I believe I can do it. I've been practicing my archery from dawn to dusk. All it takes was a single shot to the head and we would finally stop running and settle down at least until Dad comes for us," "But-," protested Artemis weakly only to be cutted off by Apollo. "I swear to you Artemis, I would kill Python. Mark my words, I will kill him and prove to everyone that we are not something to be just kicked around," and with that parting note he stepped a few steps ahead of them making Leto flash a sad smile at her. "Don't worry too much Artemis. He's still young, he'll understand my reason soon," Artemis only nodded as she followed beside her mother before following the tall form of her brother in front of them. It was Artemis' twentieth year as a godling and she like her brother looked exactly that age although much of their maturity is still unavailable and their brains still retained most of their childhood instincts. Artemis and Leto are dressed in the regular Greek chiton while Triton is garbed with a hunter's apparel to scare off anyone coming to disturb the two women. For any passerby, they just looked like the regular family. An older brother defending his two sisters. Leto isn't looking that far from Artemis after all and could pass as her sister. The perks of being a goddess. The remainder of their journey, Artemis along with her little family trailed along the city's main road and the femal godling spent most of her time oggling the people that passed by with them. Their are farmers with their crops being pushed in wagons, hunters with their stalls selling fresh meat, potters, fishermen, armorers, occasional civilians and the ever abundance of soldiers. Artemis isn't surprised. Thebes is a regular Greek city and one of the most prosperous ones, A favorite place for gods and demigods to visit with an occasional quest. Artemis had seen worse places, like Sparta for example when the men sneer at every visitors that isn't a spartan. Artemis had her fair share with her mother being groped on their rump every time they visited there and even Apollo quailed under their soldiers' gazes. Normally it would be easy to turn them to animals or shrubs but Sparta is Ares' city and the three immortals doesn't need more enemies these time. Artemis was broken out of her reverie when a wailing sound came out of nowhere and like everyone around her, she glanced at the source. A slave ship pulling two people a middle aged woman and a