Chapter One ... ... ... Why do we fight? To protect home and family, to preserve peace and bring harmony. For my kind, the true question is no longer why do we fight? It is what is worth fighting for. ... ... ... "Lady Artemis here's the list for this year's harvest season and the number of workers that we have this upcoming months," A slender hand accepted the envelope and silver eyes flicker open from the eyelids as they raised as it roamed the piece of paper with an occasional mutter on her breath as she absorbed the information. "We have fewer workers for the next season," she calmly stated at the girl who fidgets a bit guiltily, her black braid clinking as the pearls adorning it bounced with one another. "Well they have been working for two seasons straight my lady," she replied. "I thought it would be a good show of kindness that we allow them some time off for this season of planting. We have more than enough at our storage houses to live in comfort as it is for the upcoming winter," "I see," the tall girl nodded rolling the piece of paper in a scroll. "Good work Zoe. Don't worry. I'm not angry," she smiled making the girl sigh in relief. "I always knew I could trust on you to make the right decisions. Anyway, how are our warriors holding up?" A small smile adorned the princess looking girl. "It was great my lady. We have ten new volunteers and it would be not long before we have them indoctrinated as apprentices to the regular teachers. But all in all we have at least a hundred men and women capable for battle at this point at a moment's call," "Hmm... and the village?" Zoe only shrugged. "Same as ever my lady. We are prospering and everyone's as happy as they could ever be. We have a couple of hunters who died while hunting. Apparently they met a troll and it killed them before the warriors could get there. Their funerals will be held at a week's time," "I see," nodded the silver-haired woman. "Tell their families I will personally go and pay my respects for the deceased. They died in service for the village and it is the least I can do to honor their sacrifice," "As you wish my lady," Silence followed for a moment and the silver-haired woman frowned a bit as she realized that Zoe was still standing there at her door with a nervous look on her face. "Is there something else Zoe?" "N-no my lady," the girl stuttered looking at her feet before staring at the enigmatic pools of silver of the woman. "If I may my lady. Permission to speak freely," "Granted," replied the woman with a frown. She was a bit annoyed at her subordinate being so overly formal and militaristic. She had tried weaning her out of it, to call her rather a friend more than as a leader but the girl had been overly stubborn and refused the change vehemently unlike the others who had embraced it with open arms. As it was, the silver-haired woman was both relieved and annoyed at her long time friend. "Are we doing the right thing here my lady?" asked Zoe. "I mean hiding ourselves from the outside world?" The silver-haired woman only sighed as she took a small serving cup and pour some wine into it before raising it daintily on her lips. "What do you think Zoe?" "I'm confused my lady. A large part of me was glad that we are safe and sound here in peace and preserving something from the old world but a part of me also wanted to go out there and fight," spoke the girl sadly. "Tell me Zoe, if you go out there and fight and in some chance of a million managed to win with whoever that remains outside of these safe haven. What would you then do once you've pushed the fiends back to wherever they came?" "I-I don't know. Reclaim Olympus with you and the others and bring it back to its former glory?" The silver-haired woman only smiled at the naivety of her former Lieutenant. "The old world will never be returning again Zoe, you know that deep inside your heart as I do. We gods lost all our power once the city was broken and it was pure dumb luck that we managed to return her and with the last of our powers seal this island to protect us forever," she stood up and stood at the open window, her blue robes and silver hair billowing on the air. If anyone would look at her standing there like a queen was a regal sight. "We have built something more beautiful than Olympus here Zoe, I hope you understand that. A life of peace and plenty, more than any prosperity, power and gold of Olympus can ever compare. Is it not enough blessing for undeserving ones like us who failed everyone before?" "N-no, of course not my lady," replied Zoe. "Thank you for resting the doubts on my mind," The silver haired woman merely waved her off. "Think nothing of it Zoe. I believe you have learned something more then today?" "Yes my lady," a wry amused smile graced the girl's features. "I never thought that I would see the day that you would be so philosophical as your deceased sister," "Whatever Zoe," the silver haired woman snorted. "Go now and keep an eye on my two brothers that they will not cause too much mischief on the fields as usual. I had two spend two hours last time explaining to the others that coloring the fields red was not a red tide but a prank by those two devils," Zoe only chuckled as she left with another bow leaving the silver-haired woman looking down at the beautiful sight of the valley below her, watching her people do their daily business. It truly was a beautiful sight and worth every power she had when she expended them all to keep this valley safe from anyone or anything. Unintentionally she gripped the wooden railings she is holding tighter letting the wood splinter at her strength. If the darkness ever found their way to this sacred place, they would have to contend with Phoebe Artemis, former Olympian and goddess of the moon and the Wild. ... ... ... "Fire!" "Take cover!" "Reload!" "Damn!" cursed Percy looking around his already burning ship. He can't believe it, they are being beaten and they are being beaten badly. It had been a simple mission for the young captain ever since he left port with three ships. They had passed the familiar isles of the south Americas and restocked there for the long trip to the usual reconnaissance at the Pacific. As the world is today, it is now divided into two parts after the holocaust of the gods and the immortals. Europe and Asia which is now named together as Eurasia are now the abode of the wandering and war loving tribes of Orcs, goblins and many more horrors which have been released at the early years of the holocaust thanks to one simple accident by that random group of necromancers who have been aspiring in the dark arts accidentally opened a gate from another world sending waves and waves of the new creatures unto the very unsuspecting human world. It was not even a war, more like a slaughter. Ununified nations remained stubborn, so set on their ways that they did not see the large picture. Only when most of the human armies and half the world are almost at the hands of such chaotic forces did finally the bright heads rose over the pathetic stubborn group of sheep and finally united under one cause and one banner. Still, it was too late. With most of the human population gone, the best that the new leaders could do was save as many of the people they could back to the new world continent of the Americas. It was also a good thing that it is also the same time that the different pantheon of the gods finally intervened. However like the humans, they suffer the same problem, disunification. Still it did have one good thing as a result. It allowed the retreating remnants of humanity the much needed break and time to bring their ships to charter whoever that remains of their once numerous nations to their new home. When the gods finally fell and are defeated, thrown down from their seats of power and devoured by dark entities that fed on auras and magic, the humans are all but now safe as they could be, protected by the large waves that separated the continents. With whoever that is left, the humans now formed a new government under a monarchial rule and its name is Vroengard becoming a beacon for those who lived under the shadow for even though the Americas are as safe as they can be across the sea, that did not deter raiding parties of the human former enemies to make the perilous journey to ravage the new empire. Percy or Perseus Jackson was the renowned second son of Matthias Arcturus, the seventh king on the throne of Vroengard ever since the holocaust from his concubine Sallania Jackson. At old times, brothers usually fight and murder each other for the throne. However at these times when humanity had a greater enemy, bonds are formed that deter the lust of power and turn it to a fight for survival. "Brother!" Triton's voice snapped Percy from his thoughts making him look at the heir of the throne entering his cabin with his bronze and blue armor rent. "What's the status?" asked Percy. At normal times, it was usually Percy who deferred to Triton Arcturus who wanted to be called on his first name only reasoning that his full name sounded ghastly for him being the legitimate heir and his older brother. However the two can be no closer than any best friends and each of them trust their lives with one another. This allows Triton to stuff his pride and leave the sea battle to Percy since he is the better at it than he ever will be. "We've lost the Andromeda and the Seacliff already to those fish men," spoke Triton as cannon fire outside nearly drowned his words. "Two ships are coming our way and I believe they may be Orc battleships," Percy only nodded grimly as he analyzed the situation. Their ship, the Elizabeth is a fine ship on its own right but it is a scout ship as the other two. Based on experience, he knew that the Orc ships would be crude, badly designed and very dangerous. It would need at least a Galleon to go toe to toe with an orc created boat in terms of gun power. Boarding it is not an option, Percy's crew may be good but he doesn't wish them to go toe to toe with the greenskins two times their height and four times their size. Strong warriors like Triton and himself would be able to do it, but the regular sailors cannot. "Have we spotted any islands nearby?" asked Percy looking at the map of the Pacific on his table. "There is one," replied Triton. "It would be a three hour trip to get to its shores on a boat and one if we bring the ship," "How many survivors did we manage to haul from the Andromeda and the Seacliff?" "Sixty,"Triton's simple reply drawled. "Damn!" cursed Percy. "And here I am hoping that we have more," "The fish men have caught us by surprise. It was lucky there is survi-LOOK OUT!" Triton suddenly roared and before Percy knew it, he was pulled under his table before the cabin exploded all around them. Percy was still coughing from