Tears of the Moon The first thing that Artemis noticed was her head throbbing in pain. She could feel the cold wind pass through the rips of her dress and she shivered as her skin had goose bumps because of it. Dread and despair kept on overriding her consciousness. Where before she had felt a cool purpose, now instead there was only a creeping sensation of fear, of helplessness. Her situation doesn't help her at all. Around her she could see her father's bedroom glowing like the sun itself. Large windows show the fact that it is nighttime outside. The moon still shone brightly and Artemis despite the distance could oddly see her chariot suspended in the air. Oh what she would give to be out there right now. Looking forward, she could only see one door that led in and out of the room. Sure the windows open, but it would do you no good unless you are a god of the sky. Artemis clenched her eyes again as she tried to wriggle her immobile hands while she stood there suspended in midair. Large golden chains made by Hephaestus to block divine power held her wrists and ankles together making it impossible for her to use her powers to break free. She was still thankful though that she had her clothes still on her. The blue shirt and skirt she wore still clung to her despite the damaged it sustained protecting her modesty. If there was one thing that Artemis ever prided herself on, its her being a virgin goddess. Where most Olympians managed to break their oaths in a matter of decade, Artemis kept hers for many centuries. Still Artemis wasn't happy with the pain radiating from the side of her head. Had she not been tied, she would have been poking and prodding it already to try on easing the pain away. Who knew the blunt tip of the Master Bolt could hurt so much. The blow, Artemis remembered it very well, and it came also from a person she never doubted and expected. It was a normal day for her: train with the hunters, go hunting and attend the Olympians' council every now and then when summoned. Somehow that's where it all went wrong. The moment she arrived on the throne room and noticed that there is no one there except her father, she never suspected that he would bash her head with his weapon knocking her senseless in one blow. Artemis' head lowered down in shame and fear, she didn't expect this. Hell she doesn't understand why she is here chained and this is her father's bedroom. After Five minutes of waiting, Artemis can't take it anymore as the chains tore at her wrists and ankles making her back bend painfully every time she moved. "Ahh you're awake," a familiar voice said making Artemis jerk her head up towards the face of Zeus smirking at her. Different sensations went up to Artemis' spine as she watched her father approach her: Anger, fear, embarrassment and worst of all confusion as he removed his armor before standing in front of her smugly. "Father, what are you doing?" asked Artemis in confusion at the King of the Gods' actions. "Ever since you came into womanhood Artemis, I've always wished to do this to you my daughter. Forgive me if I lose myself," Fear erupted on waves as Artemis saw the lustful eyes that filled her Father's eyes. He would not do to her what she thinks he is going to do would he? No of course not, he loved her and she was his daughter. Haven't she served him and Olympus faithfully all these time? She had risked everything for the hope of a better future for her family, no she was just imagining things. A very light sensation suddenly came passing through her extended arms making Artemis' thoughts blank. Through her dress, she could feel a single finger tracing her smooth skin along through her arm. She twisted in response and looked angrily at the man standing behind her. Nobody ever touches her, especially a man. "Remove your fingers off me!" snarled Artemis and she felt her heart sink as he heard Zeus chuckle at her words. "Clothes this will not do at all," he heard him mumble. For a brief moment there was silence, and then Zeus reached down with two fingers, running the fabric between them. Gingerly he ran a hound down her bared skin. It felt smooth and warm to his touch, absolutely devoid of hair. Artemis shivered as she felt her warm touch again, inside she was freezing in fear of what is about to come, nobody had touched her like this ever. Without warning both of Zeus's hands lowered and wrapped over the her rear armor, scrunching her toned muscles hard making Artemis gasp at the alien feeling. She never felt anything like it before. A lance of pain flashed up her waist, stinging even after he had stopped. From nearly behind her Father spoke in a moan. "You really had a beautiful body my daughter," "Father please," whimpered Artemis as Zeus's hands molded her rear, lightly pulling and spreading them and it took the goddess all her will not to cry. It was a great relief for her when he finally stopped. "I will say this again," he spoke into her ear. "Do not anger me." "Father….," After clearing his throat Zeus then stepped on behind her. Artemis again shivered when his body nearly made contact with her own, he reached around her front. Artemis could now make out the long dagger that he removed from his side. It is colored hue, geometric in shape. The thick blade bore some jaded crust marking it as a very old one. With one hand, Zeus gripped the lower hem of her shirt. Swiftly with his other he sliced upward with the knife- splitting the fabric from bottom to collar. Once the weapon was wiped off and sheathed, the two strong hands gripped onto each side of the fabric. He pulled back hard, ripping it further, until the tatters were hanging backwards off her shoulders. Artemis; breath was ragged and fast, her body lightly trembling. Her brain cannot process what is going on with her. Almost at once the man moved on forward and pressed his body against the back of her. It was all but impossible to ignore the heavy bulge beneath his waist, pressing itself between her cheeks. Leisurely his hands reached around her sides and snaked on up her abdomen, then ribs, and finally the slope of her breasts. Both lightly wrapped around the mounds, lightly lifting and separating them both, feeling the firmness of the young huntress. Apart from the furious expression and first tears that came, a tiny angry blush began to form along Artemis' nose, especially when she began to feel the warm breath from the Zeus upon the back of her neck. The strong, hairy fingers began to tweak each of her nipples, pinching and twisting at the tiny nubs. Artemis struggled hard shook and twisted her chest at this, pulling free of his very light touch. A grunt escaped her as well. She wished someone would come through the door, anyone. Even Hera and Hermes would do as long as this torture would stop. She felt dirty already being exposed like this. Almost at once the hands reached back on up and again took a hold of her chest, this time more forcefully. Pain wracked her chest when he pinched and pulled at her nipples once more, harder. Pain rose on her right nipple and Artemis screamed as it was pulled to its stretching point. She repeated her cry out again as her left one also suffered the same fate. This wasn't all Zeus had in mind seemingly, for all of a sudden his weight removed itself from her back and he stepped on around her side. The King's eyes seemed to light up as he took in her unclothed form and Artemis shivered in disgust and fear. This is the way those lustful men that she hated look every time they glance at her. Without any thought he again grabbed her breasts, holding them steady as Artemis gurgled in anger twisting and bucking while he reveled how each were wondrously firm and round despite their medium size, each a handful. Lowering his head, Zeus went ahead and took the tip of the right breast in his mouth, sucking and blowing upon the thing, tracing his tongue around the pink colored tip. Artemis' eyes widened like saucers from the unknown feeling running through her veins and she tried fruitlessly again to pull back and away, but was given little freedom from which to do as Zeus' suckled like a newborn babe. His head went with her, and Zeus looked on up at her, watching her reaction as he very gingerly bit. Her look solicited an amused sound from Zeus. For a moment longer he kept tasting her as Artemis allowed a couple of tears to flow her face when his free hand squeezed and twisted the other nipple. As it was, Artemis let out a relieved breath as Zeus soon stood back on up, noting the teeth marks and wet ring upon her breast. Giving her a quick flash of a smile, he again stepped on around her chained form. There was a sharp impact on her legs and Artemis cried out as she was forced painfully on her knees. "I will kill you Zeus, I will kill=," Artemis never get to finish her threats as a new plastic receptacle was placed into her mouth. Plastic binds suddenly wrapped around her cheeks and neck, before being cinched and secured. All the while some more forbidding terror was filling Artemis. It was all but impossible to notice the large bulge of her father's pants pressing against her back, in addition to the fact that this mouth-piece was not solid, but rather some form of open ring. Her small breaths escaped through it and she had a trouble squeezing air in. "Mortals are ingenious aren't they?" smirked Zeus seeing her terrified expression. Having said his bit, the god stepped over in front of her eyes and began to peel out of his extra layers of clothing. Artemis felt a sudden need to clench her eyes shut and look away in fear. Though she could not quite place it; her gaze remaining on her father felt wrong on some level. Still she couldn't look away. Almost like watching a monkey peel out of its fur, or a turtle taking off its shell, Artemis couldn't stop herself from watching the disgusting man take off his extra garments. It was wholly wrong to, since it was the same body that gave her life in the first place. Artemis' train of thought was thoroughly derailed when Zeus began to peel off his trousers. The muscles of his upper body shifted as he rolled them on free, and down, stepping out of each pant-leg. Now only in boxers and a shirt, the bulge Artemis had felt was all but screaming it's presence at her. And then the dramatic god actually parted the front flap and whipped it out. The huntress blinked in surprise for a moment, trying to lean back against her binds as far away as possible That... there was no way that was a normal size, for a god. Artemis silently prayed to whoever deity who was higher in vain for help and continued staring. Zeus seemed amused at her reaction, letting out a snort, and began to approach her. After the second or third step Artemis unlocked her eyes and gazed up at her father's. His seemed to be intently locked on her, his mouth set in a wolfish smile. Her heart began to pound. She knew now what is going to happen to her and she laughed inwardly aloud