Hi-ya all. I've had this idea floating around my head for ages and now I'm finally happy with it. It's why I think Eowyn was attracted to Aragorn and then suddenly changed to Faramir so quickly. P.S. I don't own anything from LOTR (besides all the DVD's, posters, books, rocks from various film locations etc) or Kelly Clarkson's 'Hear Me' so there. HEAR ME By tears- in-rain Hear me Hear me All of Rohan seemed still. Night had transformed the beautiful, yellow plains to an eerie, moonlit silver sea of endless grasslands. The fields seemed to ripple as strong winds whipped across the vast plains, yet even its howls seemed quiet. All of Rohan seemed to be mourning the inevitable loss of their Prince, who had returned a few days ago in the arms of his cousin mortally wounded. Though Edoras' finest healers had tried their best, it now seemed as though their only option was to wait. Wait for death to release their Prince from his suffering and in doing so, take not only the Kings' only child, but rob his people of what little hope they had left. Rohan was quickly crumbling as the threat from the Wizard they once deemed their ally grew and the Shadow of Mordor stretch further throughout the land. In these darkening days, the people had turned to view Théodred and his younger cousin Éomer as shining beacons of hope. They were the last defence of their country as the King, whom both men looked up to as a father, continued to fail in his health. Many silently blamed the Kings adviser, Gríma Wormtongue, for the decline of Rohan, but very few voiced their opinions outside of closed doors. Wormtongue used fear to control the public, enforced by the group of loyal followers he had managed to collect over the last few years. These followers were not like most men found in court, but had a rather thuggish nature and look. They were most effective in silencing any ill talk of the adviser. And with Prince Théodred on his deathbed and now Éomer banished, the silence and dread of each and every horselord was settling over the land like a cloud of gloom, reducing the people to an almost hopeless existence. And now, all of Rohan seemed still. Waiting. You gotta be out there You gotta be somewhere Wherever you are I'm waiting Prince Théodred's room was just as still as the rest of the night outside, though the dying Prince was not the only occupant. While Théodred lay motionless on his bed except for his shallow breathing, another kneeled by his side. Her head resting upon his bed, her face veiled by her long, flaxen hair, and her pale hand resting in his. She too seemed to be resting, but an occasional whimper of grief was enough to prove she was not asleep. 'Cause there are these nights when I sing myself to sleep And I'm hopin' my dreams Bring you close to me Slowly, Éowyn lifted her head to stare once more into the pale and grave face of her beloved cousin. Théodred had remained still since his last attempt to regain consciousness back when she had first entered the room only a matter of hours ago. She had been horrified to see her brother leaning over and caring for her dirty and bloodied cousin. The dirt and the blood had now been cleaned off her cousins' handsome face, but now Éowyn almost regretted removing the mask that they had offered. In the darkened room, his skin looked silver and waxy. She couldn't stand seeing it looking that way. Looking so corpse-like. "Oh Théodred," she whispered, her voice breaking as more tears trickled down her cheeks. "Don't leave me. Please, don't leave me here all alone." Are you listening? With her brother banished shortly after he returned bearing his beloved cousin and her uncle no longer able to even recognise her face anymore, once Théodred passed, she would be completely alone. No one remained in Eodras to offer her the help and comfort she needed. There was no one there to protect her from the unwanted attention of a certain adviser. The Shieldmaiden of Rohan was an aloof individual by nature, but the last few darkening years had turned her cold and companionless. Though she was admired by many of Rohan's young noble men, she never considered ever taking a husband and set her focus to the matters of court. She had never fancied the idea of becoming someone's wife and being restricted to tending to her duty in the household and the bedroom. She was strong and independent, and refused to limit her future to the captivity that was marriage. If she wanted comfort and companionship, she would turn to her brother, her cousin or her uncle. With those three in her life, there was no need to surrender her freedom to one man. Now, however, it seemed as though that comfort was quickly being taken from her and she found herself more and more alone. In her loneliness, she also found herself regretting not having someone to turn to, to hold her in his strong arms and whisper that everything would be okay. To offer her comfort and strength which she desperately needed in her grieving. Burying her face in her hands, Éowyn remained kneeling beside Théodreds bed, crying quietly to the surrounding night. Hear me I'm cryin' out I'm ready now Turn my world upside down Find me I'm lost inside the crowd It's getting loud I need you to see I'm screaming for you to please Hear me Hear me After several moments, the White Lady of Rohan discovered she had cried herself out, yet she didn't move from her place beside her cousin. With her hands still covering her face, she hiccupped a few shallow breaths before sighing deeply. Though she didn't want to leave Théodred, her knees were beginning the ache painfully from the long minutes she had spent kneeling on animal pelts that cover the stone floor by her cousin's bed. Her mouth was dry and she was becoming slightly dehydrated after all the tears she had shed. Rising slowly and stiffly, Éowyn quietly made her way over to the table beside the window that looked out over the silver plans of Rohan, her feet making little sound on the fur rugs. Resting on the table was a basin, a glass and a large pitcher of water. Gloomily, Éowyn filled the glass and then, almost on impulse, she filled the basin. She raised the glass to her lips and sipped the cold water, all the while watching the reflection the moon made on the water in the basin as its silver beams shone through the window. The water had stilled itself and now acted like a mirror to the night outside. It was beautiful. Éowyn almost wished she was out underneath the vast, navy sky, free from the troubles that seemed to reside under the roof of the Golden Hall. She then remembered sadly that her brother was out there, when he should have been resting in the room next to her. Draining the glass, Éowyn placed it on the table and turned her attention to the basin. She lowered her hands into the cool water, shattering the clear image that danced upon its surface. Cupping both hands, she lifted as much water that she was able to hold up out of the basin and splashed it over her face, washing away all the dried tears. She didn't bother towelling her face, but rather allowed the water to run down her cheeks and neck and ultimately trickling under the neckline of her dress. Sighing, she remained sanding by the window, letting the water on her face to dry on its own accord. She watched the water in the basin ripple as she skimmed her fingers of her left hand through the cool liquid. The silver of the moon broke into long ribbons of light that mingled with the dark reflection of the night sky. It was hypnotising the way the two lapped against one another and cold embrace of the water against her fingers was surprisingly comforting and relaxing, though it did nothing to remove the loneliness that rested in her heart. Hear me Can you hear me? Hear me As she continued to caress the smooth water, she turned her eyes to the night sky outside. There was not a cloud in sight, letting the moon to shine freely on the plains below. Accompanying the moon, a thousand silver stars glistens from their place in the heavens and strangely they seemed to offer her more comfort than anything or anyone else on Middle Earth had done so far. If there was one thing that never failed in amazing Éowyn it was the beauty those tiny dots offer to the world. No matter where she was in Middle Earth, she always knew those stars would be there, even if they were covered by cloud. They were unchanging and eternal, and that reassured Éowyn as she looked to an unclear future. Yet as she stared up was the glistening lights, they seemed to trigger a dream she had stored in her memory many years ago she had almost forgotten it was there. Though it was still a dream, she had remembered it with more clarity than she did most of her real life memories. She could have almost sworn it hadn't been a dream if it wasn't for the fact that she remembered waking from it in a sweat. I used to be scared of Letting someone in But it gets so lonely Being on my own She could remember that the dream had involved her standing alone in a vast field, with a deep, nights sky over head, as though it seemed to be cloaked with soft, navy velvet. Silver stars had been embroidered into the material sky, which rippled with a wind Éowyn couldn't feel. Darkness veiled the surrounding field from her and the only light seemed to be coming from the silver stars above her. The dream continued. Éowyn had sensed an intense heat coming up behind her and turned to see a pale, red glow pulsating behind her. The red light became increasingly brighter, until she was unable to watch it anymore. She turned her back to the red glow only to discovered that the blackness that had once been before her had lifted slightly and she could make up the white city of Minas Tirith looming in the distance, shining like a bight silver light against the black that surrounded it. Éowyn also noticed that she was no longer alone in the black plain. A tall man with hair somewhat darker than one of her people stood not far from her in the shadows. He was dressed in the attire of a ranger and his back turned to her as he also looked at the White City in the distance. She couldn't remember ever walking up to him in the dream, but she soon found herself standing alongside the stranger. She didn't try to look at his face, simply taking comfort in the mere presence of the man. And although they were both alone in the shadowed plain, she felt more at ease and safe standing next to this unknown man than she had when surrounded by all the Royal Guards of Rohan. Though even with the warmth and security she felt with this man, she couldn't help but shiver when soft whispers of men shouting and the quiet clanging of metal on metal grew out of the shadows. Too soon, the whispers had grown in such volume that Éowyn could no longer deny that they were surrounded by a great battle, yet she couldn't see any other person in the darkness aside from the man standing next to her. Éowyn was a Shieldmaiden and loved the glory and valour