A/N: Hey all, it's been a long time since I've written anything but this idea came to me recently and I've wanted to give it a try and get myself back into writing again. It's not going to be your typical twilight story and I warn you it's going to be darker then some may like, so be warned all of you. It's picking up before the plans for dealing with Victoria and the Newborns have been put in place during Eclipse. Other then that I really do hope you guys like what I've got and that you end up sticking around while I get about writing this story. I'm going to try and post at least once a week though I can't set a day I hope to be able to keep to an update a week. I'd like to say a huge Thank You to my Beta The Overambitious Dreamer who has been a massive help with my work, with me being still a little rusty. So thank you. Without boring you I'll let you get to the story hope you all enjoy. RED DAWN SUMMARY: Edward had always warned Bella that the pack were dangerous. Hostile, volatile and aggressive in nature. She ignored him, testing even Edward's own vampire instinct by staying friends with his enemy, Jacob. One event will change them all, Bella never truly understood the supernatural world. Didn't understand the aggression that lay dormant even in her controlled mate until it was too late. Warning: Violence and Character death. Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight and all the Characters. Chapter One Edward could not understand how she could possibly do this to him again. He'd been standing on the borderline that split the treaty line between where his family's land and La Push's land was. He'd asked her, all but begged Bella to not go to La Push; that it wasn't safe for her there. He knew she didn't want to listen, but he'd hoped. Hoped, just this once, that she'd actually listen to him, and refrain from visiting her friend. Even in his own mind the word 'friend' came in a tone that was violent and hissed. It was the wrong way to explain that odd relationship she had with the mutt. After all, how could a friendship work when one of the members wanted more than just friendship, when he would manipulate any given situation to keep her close to him? He'd tried to explain it to her but for some reason the moment he addressed it, it was like Bella completely forgot that he could hear the thoughts of her friend. He'd tried to be understanding of the friendship at first, after all Edward was more than willing to accept his fault in the entire situation. He'd left his true love to protect her from the supernatural world, and had all but destroyed them all in his desire to protect her, and of course the danger magnet (as he'd affectionately dubbed her) had found a pack of wolves to befriend in his absence. There was also the bitter reality that the mutt had been there for her in her time of need when he'd been the one to hurt her; he hated feeling indebted to the deceitful manipulative child but the pack had saved Bella from Laurent and ruined Victoria's attempts. He'd offered his appreciation to the child and only received taunting insults and forced images of his twisted thoughts on how he'd kill Edward and take Bella for himself. Edward, who had garnered the respect from some of the most powerful immortals in this world - even Aro, of the Volturi who ruled the vampire world - desired him even in his millennia in age. And there he was swallowing down the insults of a child. His love for Bella was never meant to be a weakness, and yet each moment he left her mortal and allowed this friendship, it seemed to only make him feel pathetic. He held his patience, he swallowed his pride and he accepted that Bella wanted to keep her friendship with the pack and all the while knowing it was really only Jake she was attempting to keep in her life. She allowed for a hostile shifter to court her attention all in Jacob hopes that she'd succumb to him and leave the bloodsucker with no one. This, however, would perhaps be the last straw. He'd been putting together a logical argument for days to approach her with one to finally make her see sense. He'd tried to convince her of the danger before. That hadn't worked, but he wasn't surprised. After all, he'd once tried to warn her of the danger he posed to her but it had fallen on deaf ears. Isabella would have to finally accept her choice. She wanted to be Switzerland but that wasn't possible. She'd set the date for her transformation, made the choice to be with Edward forever. There was no fence sitting in the world of supernatural. She wanted to be a Cullen, therefore she accepted that the Cullens were not friends with the pack; she'd remain off the lands that the Cullens had agreed to stay away from all those years ago. His time of sitting back and allowing her to use the fact he'd hurt her by leaving as a way to get what she wanted was over, he could no longer sit back and allow such disrespect to him and the bond they shared. He didn't doubt her love, but he was under no illusion that she was still punishing him. Wasn't this exactly what she was doing? After all, she was testing boundaries, forcing him into this situations where he was concerned and worried, with no way of keeping her safe. It also didn't help his patience having the wolves watching him. It was humiliating as he listened to the thoughts of Paul and Embry. Both had stationed themselves a few miles from his position. They knew he could read minds but he doubted Bella had ever truly known the extent of his ability. So, these wolves believed their thoughts safe where they stood and yet Edward could hear the mumbled sound of thoughts in Forks and La Push. The wolves underestimated the strength of the Cullen family because of the constant forced pleasantries Carlisle had demanded. He, too, had made them all look weak to these immature wolves. Ephraim Black had been a man, mature and intelligent; he'd also been terrified of the Cullens. He'd fought vampires and knew the reality of what the numbers meant. No single wolf could fight a single vampire; they attacked in packs or pods of no less than two to ensure they could fight a vampire. These children had attacked Laurent and killed him, he'd been unaware of what they were and was not talented in any sense in fighting or combat. There had also been five wolves. They had killed him relatively simply because of the numbers and Laurent's lack of knowledge on them. That victory had tainted their belief in vampire ability. Ignorant and naive, just like the children they were, they believed themselves faster than us and yet Edward knew from their minds he could out run them all. Even Emmett, the slowest of our family would not struggle remaining ahead of this pack. " Freaky, leech just standing there still waiting. I just wish...wish he ' d step one foot past the line. I ' d rip his head from his shoulders quicker than he could blink ." Paul's thoughts were loud and antagonistic like most of the pack and yet he held an aggression much crueler then the others'. He accepted that he was allowed to be angry because he was a wolf, like it was a good enough excuse to give for any outburst he had since his transformation. " Wouldn ' t want Jake to be jealous ... everyone knows he wants to tear this guy up. If he ' d sack up and just challenge him then he wouldn ' t be playing stupid games to keep Bella around ." Edward listened more intently at the mention of Bella but it was clear from his thoughts and images that he'd seen Bella and Jake in his garage working on the stupid bikes before he'd left with Paul. It was then that Edward's phone buzzed in his pocket. His hand was almost in the pocket of his jeans at the exact moment he saw another set of thoughts in the shared link of Paul and Embry. Edward could see instantly that it was Jacob Black's mind. The complete tinge of rage in his mind shocked both boys. It only took Edward a second to see what Paul and Embry hadn't in Jake's mind. Jake's thoughts still channelled with outrage. He had shifted in the garage. Edward couldn't see yet what Bella had said to him, but it had set off his shift and he'd been far too close to her as he'd been holding her arms tightly when he'd shifted. He'd lost control, he'd lost control while she was within arms distance of him. She had refused to step away when he'd told her and he'd savagely shifted. Edward watched the memory of her scream of the sound and feel of skin ripping under his claws as he lashed out against her. Edward was already moving before he watched her fragile body hit the ground. He'd already leapt the advancing attack of Embry and Paul when he watched her blood spatter against the wall through Jake's eyes. Edward felt a deep rage within him, like it had been there already to snap as he swept through the forest, all but sending a loud whistling sound to those close as he burst through the wooded area that lead to the small house of the Black family. Her fragrance so strong and lulling around the small clearing of the area, and he could see her body unmoving her blood. The very blood that had tortured him, spilling into the ground. Her heart beating but so very faintly. Then he saw Jacob Black. He had heard from both Paul and Embry that Edward was coming. They were far behind but would be here soon enough to help Jake destroy him. They had all but forgotten about Isabella, Edward's mate, the other part of his soul. Those who claimed to protect human life would let her bleed out. A boy who claimed to love her would choose to fight Edward before getting her help. Edward's mind snapped. The roar that left his lips in that moment chilled even the arrogant child in front of him as he saw Edward finally for what he was. Black eyed, hair windswept, a face twisted in rage he saw the vampire. He lunged, but Edward was faster. These children knew little of a real vampire. They had failed to take Victoria, had beaten the weak Laurent. But Edward was a different foe. The wolf body was not built to battle alone, so large and yet vulnerable to attack. Yes, it was true that the pack healed exceptionally fast, but with lack of time and in the throes of battle there was no time to heal or dwell on pain. Edward was the ultimate predator, he restrained from hunting humans but unlike some of his family for a time he had embraced the hunter in him. He had even had to defend his prey from other vampires, his speed and the ability to read minds all added up to make Edward a violent and formidable enemy. Jasper, the most advanced in the art of fighting could not even best Edward. Emmet with all his strength could not pin Edward. Aro did not want Edward for simply his gift; he desired Edward for the entirety that he could become, should he turn away from the animal diet he chose to