A/N: I am still writing The Devil's Tears, but this is another fic that has been festering in my files... I really love it and although it is far from being finished, I want it on here to motivate me to finish it. Do not expect regular updates! I am in school, after all. Otherwise, enjoy :) Prologue The End of an Era "And you're certain they're both there?" Hermione Granger's face was pinched into a frown and her eyes were sharply narrowed. The man who stood before her was unrecognizable from the boy she had grown up with—he was still tall, brown of hair, and blue of eyes, but he lacked all the gangly limbs and jittering nerves that were what came to mind whenever she thought of Neville Longbottom. This Neville, a man grown, did not stutter, fumble, or whimper, and had spent the majority of the last seven years proving that he was much more than what he had seemed in his childhood. His face was pale and lined deeply around his mouth. His eyes were plagued with black bruises and a sadness that resonated whenever she met them with her own. She looked away hurriedly, avoiding the creeping doubt in her gut, and scrutinized a crease in his shirt instead. You can do this. He nodded, "Yes—they're there. A large escort arrived a few hours ago—" "How many?" "Ten, maybe twelve. Malfoy was there. And Snape." " Fuck ." The man didn't blink when she kicked the worn desk she had been leaning against and stormed across to the other side of the room. He did not flinch or squirm. Instead, he watched her closely and waited for her to straighten her shoulders once more. "Nagini, as well," he added softly. "Naturally," she noted tersely, "He hasn't parted from her since the last time." Her frown turned into a scowl and she crossed her arms. In the same motion, she began to pace around the room once more. From the way her brow was furrowed and her jaw was tensed, she was thinking of a plan—or rather the plan. It had been years since it had first formulated, and now it was finally coming to fruition. "It's not worth the risk, Hermione." She ignored his pleading look and the pain in her gut that reminded her of what she was going to have to face. "It is worth the risk," Hermione said with a glare, "We've been waiting for this for years." "Yes, but—" She stood up to her full height. It was nowhere near enough to meet him at eye-level, but it was enough to make her feel a little more confident. "What is there to lose, Neville?" His face shifted for a moment and she recognized the little boy, clutching his Remembrall, and jittering as he spoke against her and her friends making the bad decisions they often made. She could see the sadness, even then, though no one else could. His life had never been what it should have been and she knew that even then he had faced darkness she would never have to. After all, her parents were already dead… Now, today, he was standing up to his friend, still, because he was loyal and good despite the despair. But there was no determination or fire when he said it, because he knew that he wanted it all to end as much as she did. There was no hope for happiness for him, or for her. How could there be any left, when all they loved was gone? His jaw tensed when she was silent and he was flat-faced once more. His blue eyes grew hard, the sadness fleeing into the depths of him where they belonged, and he nodded, "Nothing to lose." "Nothing to lose," she agreed, and set to work. "You're certain?" George Weasley had seen better days. His red hair was long, worn in the style of one of his late brothers, although it lacked the edge and flair of William Weasley's had. The length was the result of carelessness rather than out of fashion and had been left to fray at the ends. His freckled face was narrow—far too thin—and she wondered if he had bothered to eat at all that day. It was pushing on midnight, but he was wide awake and working when she found him in the basement, surrounded in a sea of parchment and phials. "I am very certain," Hermione answered. "I've got a few things that could come in handy, then," he replied, pressing the tip of his wand against his forehead as he tried to think of where exactly they were. There was somewhat of a familiar twinkle in his eyes when he then stood and headed to the corner of the cramped room. With the loss of Severus Snape as their brewer (and spy), George had stepped in as the resident Potions Master. He lacked the same certifications and prestige, but was deserving of the title considering his great skill with concocting weapons and providing much needed healing draughts. Although he would sometimes disappear into his own mind, or the great depression that plagued most of their members, he was good at what he did… or at least competent at it. Nowhere near as good as Snape, but Hermione didn't want to think about the traitor anymore than she wanted to think about all of his dead brothers. Every inch of his workspace was covered in either cauldrons or vials, half-chopped ingredients, or bowls of forgotten slime. It was very dangerous to keep potions in such close proximity to each, and even more dangerous to have them within such a small space. But George was hardly one to care about whether they exploded or not. He was smart enough to at least keep the most volatile on separate ends of benches. So…mostly good at what he did. She couldn't complain. "There it is!" He produced a crate of potions from within. They were dusty, but appeared viable. She grinned when she noted the labels and held out her arms to receive it eagerly. "On one condition—" the redhead remarked, yanking the small chest back from her outstretched hands. Hermione sighed loudly, but did not object. "You humble me, O' Harpy," his smile widened, teasing at the nickname that the public had given her so many years ago, although it was not yet the trademark grin associated with the Weasley twin. She began to object, fixing him with a glare more becoming of her title, "If it's anything sexual—" "Always, Hermione," he replied with a wink, "I will hold you to your offer of sexual favors… after this whole mess is over." "Fine—what do you really want, though, George?" He was rummaging through the packets on his desk. "I want in," he said nonchalantly as he lifted a peculiar looking plant. It squeaked when he dropped it hastily back in its place. "You want in?" She asked with a blink of surprise. He nodded absently, although his smile was slightly devilish. In moments, he was standing and searching for something once more. After shoving a stack of blueprints to the ground, his wand was in his hand. It was dusty and unused, but when he grabbed it, sparks shot off the end. Her heart felt heavy when she realized that the wand he had been wielding when she arrived was his twin's. "Let's get this party started." Four hours later and a small group was briefed and ready to deploy. Hermione waited in the foyer of Shell Cottage—one of four remaining safe-houses that had once been under the protection of the Order—as the others were just beginning to wake. They had all agreed to try and get some sleep before the agreed time of departure. George had disappeared—probably to visit the graves of his family, although this was more than risky, considering they had all died enemies of the wizard that now held control of most of Britain. She noted that he had tied a letter to the foot of the ratted owl they all shared. She knew it would fly for France, sending his love to Fleur and her beautiful daughter, the only other remaining descendant of Arthur and Molly Weasley, and promising that tonight, that night, he would avenge her husband and all his brothers, and his beautiful sister, whose death had swayed the war for the worst. If she had any graves to visit, she would go. Ron was there, but things between them had never truly started when he died. It hurt to think about all that could have been, and that was enough to keep her thoughts on the task at hand. Avoiding her emotions was the only way she could keep from feeling the fear. Neville was the first to wake. His face was solid and unreadable when he entered the kitchen, dressed in Muggle clothes, strapped with knives and spare wands. He had not slept—no. He had merely sat on his bed and stared out the window, just as she had sat in the kitchen chair and stared at the table. "It's nearly eleven." "Yes." "Should I wake them?" She nodded. Her eyes would not meet his. "Hermione?" She looked up. She was gripping her wand tightly and could feel nerves gathering in her belly. His eyes were so sad—full of grief and despair. She didn't want to feel it, like he felt it. She needed the numbness now more than ever. "We don't have to do this," he said, "You don't have to do this." "Yes, I do," she answered. She stood up and walked out the kitchen without another word. "Waiting on you, Granger." Hermione felt slightly agitated when she heard Pye's irritation through the mirrors she had enchanted, but did not comment back. She couldn't, actually, considering she had just finished throwing up and was furiously wiping her mouth. "Hermione," Neville muttered, "Are you okay?" She nodded, although it was choppy and her face had lost all color. They were standing at one of the few unblocked entrances of the Ministry of Magic, huddled into a bathroom. A Death Eater guard was laying at their feet, blood spilling from his mouth and onto his shirt. She had rushed to the next stall to hide from the evidence of what she had done and now was furiously trying to calm down long enough to push past the body and move forward. When she emerged, she barely had it together and looked anywhere but the body crumpled on the tile. It wasn't her first kill, but the reality of it all had come crashing down on her when she had hexed him literally to the death. "I'm fine," she said hurriedly. Neville looked unconvinced and slightly worried. She sucked in a deep breath of air and released it—why was this any different than all the other times? Around any of the others, she could have kept her cool—would have furiously killed him and probably enjoyed it, too. If it were anyone but Neville, she would have continued on without a second look or thought about the man she had killed as she stepped over him, would have left him on display with her mark in his cheek. But around Neville… Around Neville she felt like Hermione Granger again and that made her vulnerable. Her mask had slipped and the look he had sent her out of the corner of his eye had been enough to send her reeling for the stall, shaking with disgust and grief. Even after all they had been through and all he had seen, when she returned, he squeezed her elbow and gave her that familiarly meek look of his, and she was brought back to reality. "We have to go," he reminded her. "I know." "You don't have to do this…" He didn't want to see her do it again, and she didn't want to do it again.