A/N: This was the beginning of a fic that sort of took me by storm and then... stopped making any sense. I had a vision for it, then another, then I combined the visions, and then it got muddled, so I am going to split these two up into two separate stories, as I should have from the beginning. I am going to take down all of the other chapters, and leave this here as a one shot until whenever I finish the rest. Sorry, guys :(. I should have the other chapters back up, soon, with the story titled The Sins of Our Fathers. Of Choice, Chance, and Fate (or maybe: Ode, the Joys of Divination!) Summary: Hermione Granger just wanted to see the future, so she could help Harry win the war. Instead she saw her potions master's life flash before her eyes and vehemently warned him about it, incurring his wrath in the process. That wasn't the problem, really, considering he was always angry about something or other. What really bothered her was what she saw proceeding the war which he (grudgingly) survives… after all, who wouldn't question seeing themselves loving such a caustic, unforgiving, misery of a man? She might have been more concerned, if she hadn't seen it herself… and if she wasn't already halfway there thanks to a botched love potion, a meddling centaur, and a little thing called Fate. Ode, the joys of Divination! How she loathed it, especially when it wasn't as faulty as she believed it to be. Going to be mostly post-war. And here we are: some pieces of the past. Sorry, not sorry... Lily/Severus is as important to me as Hermione/Severus. It will make sense one day. · Prologue · January 10, 1976 "Psst, Sev!" Severus kept his eyes trained on the silver knife he wielded, refusing to let the beautiful redhead think that she could just snatch his attention whenever she pleased. Still, at the sound of her voice through the fog of his thoughts, his traitorous heart thumped in his chest more quickly. "Seeeeeeverus," she crooned at him, despite his refusal to lift his head or indicate in any way that he had heard her. Of course, he could not not hear her. She was speaking directly to him. That, and a part of him knew that he unconsciously listened for her voice, always. "Obstinacy doesn't suit you, Sev," she murmured lightly. He grunted in response, to which she stood up, causing him to finally look her way. The girl he saw was much changed from when they first met: still willowy, but blossoming in ways he knew did not go unnoticed by the other boys in their class, let alone someone as observant as he was. Even then, his eyes burned to trail downwards. He could feel some of the other males looking her way, while also casting him envious, hateful looks for managing to keep her as his partner for the past five years. Of course, they would want her. She was all clean, perfect skin, and pretty lashes and full lips. Violently red hair fell in waves over her shoulders and bright green eyes looked out at the world towards him, oblivious to the others in the class that vied for her affections. Bugger them all—she might be nice to them because for whatever reason she was a nice person, but she was his friend. "Do sit down, Evans," he hissed, glaring at his dorm mate, Urquhart, behind her whose eyes slid lower than they should have. His wand was in his hand in seconds, pointed at him. She glanced at it and did not turn around. She pursed her lips, accosting him with a glare that could rival his own, daring him to hex whoever it was that had insulted him. He clenched his teeth, sent the boy a venomous look which he knew would result in a duel later, then returned his wand to its place safely in reach. What went on in the Slytherin Common Room would not bother Lily Evans' pretty little head. He might not defend her honor outright, but he had his ways. "I knew you could hear me," she murmured, the threatening wand forgotten. "Of course I could. I'm nowhere near deaf," he recited dryly, "I merely chose to ignore you." "I suppose that's worse, isn't it?" He smirked down at the page, "Yet somehow less punishment than you deserve for being so bothersome." When she kicked him under the table, he grunted and swiveled to face her and hissed, "What was that for?" "I wanted to show you something interesting, you dunderhead," she murmured, pouting in mock hurt, "And instead of being thankful and attentive to your dear friend, you're being a git." "Hardly more than usual," he rolled his eyes at her, then urged her on with a wave of his hand, "What is it that is so interesting , then?" Now certain he was paying attention to her, she snatched the squirming bean from the jar they shared, and promptly took the flat of her knife and squished it down. It hadn't had enough time to hop out of her fingers as it would have while slicing, but was as neutralized as much as it would have been at the sharp end of the knife. Severus glared down at his tiny pile, half the size of hers—he'd managed to slice them expertly, without losing any, but the method she was showing was far more effective and less time-consuming. He did not copy her, simply because he knew it would annoy her to not do so, but made a mental note to employ the method when she was not watching him like a hawk. "Hmph," she mumbled when he continued his slicing, but smiled at him good-naturedly, in that way that suggested she knew what he was thinking—he agreed with her, but was too proud to let her know it. As a boy, he would have squirmed under such scrutiny… now nearly a man, he simply set his jaw and ignored her. Still, when her eyes remained on him, his skin began to itch and he lifted his gaze to glare at her. She held his gaze expertly, keeping her face smiling mysteriously, taunting him to say something menacing to her. Although he would have preferred not to, his lips twitched at the same moment hers did. Her smile broadened and he dropped his head again, hiding beneath his curtain of hair, obscuring his horrible teeth from her. Although he was not a vain person, believing intellect to be far worthier than beauty, he found himself growing more self-conscious in her presence as the years passed. He knew why, but he had no idea how he was going to tell her, as he had only come to the conclusion himself in the recent weeks. His cheeks reddened at the thought and he returned to his work, drowning out the guffawing laughs of Black and Potter from across the room. A quick glance determined that their focus was thankfully their tagalong leech, Pettigrew, and not himself. Still, he kept his eyes on them, making certain they weren't planning anything for him. Being in the same room was risk enough. He couldn't wait until the next year—neither of them had any hope of passing their exams to be admitted to Advanced Potions. Then he'd have Lily all to himself… not that she paid much attention to the baffoons anyway, and thank Merlin for that. But sometimes she was cordial to them, as house mates were, and it angered him. When he made a glance back to her, Lily was sending them a disapproving look, her emerald eyes rolling. When she caught him watching, he pursed his lips. She stuck her tongue out at him and he sniffed disapprovingly. "Oh, you are such a stick in the mud!" She taunted. He merely quirked a brow. She continued, hands on hips, not caring that they were covered in the (harmless) juices of the beans, "I'm Severus and I'm oh so very serious and solemn and can't be bothered to have the slightest bit of a laugh while I'm brewing such a… delicate potion. If I smile even a tad I'll spontaneously combust and ruin the potion I have hardly started… and I've never ruined a potion in my life. Ahem—scowl… sneer… scowl, scowl— super scowl. " His expression must have been humorously dark, because she stopped reciting and giggled. When she noticed his perturbed frown, she stopped smiling, looking concerned. Rather than let her think she'd affected him, he shoved at her lightly when she leaned towards him with a grimace. She let herself fall in the direction he had pushed her, giggling once more. When their eyes met, they both knew he meant her no harm and that his playfulness was more than welcomed by her. Only with her, he promised… no one else deserved to see such a side of him. "There it is," she muttered, reaching out to push his hair out of his eyes, "That smirk could melt the iciest of hearts, I tell you." He immediately stilled, his heart beating too loudly in his ears to care. Although she'd pushed his hair out of his eyes a thousand times, he couldn't help but feel boneless when her fingers brushed even the barest centimeter of his skin, knowing his feelings towards her. Sensing his stiffness, her eyes darted away from his, her cheeks turning pink, before she snatched her hand away and began to busy herself lighting the cauldron and preparing the rest of the ingredients. Similarly, he turned his back to her and started his. He would deny it to everyone, but he enjoyed Lily's company. Their bond was hardly beneficial to him—in fact, it had caused him much grief over the past five years. But he endured it, because… well, because she was precious to him. She was his first and only friend, and he could not imagine a life without her. She drove him barmy at times, but less so than anyone else. And even though he would often threaten to hex her if she did not leave him alone, they both knew he would rather suffer an Unforgivable than see her come to harm. He was beginning to think that maybe he loved her, although he hardly knew what that meant. He'd not known much love in his love, but the way Lily treated him felt like what he thought it should feel like. "What are you thinking about?" Not one for silence, she butted into his space once more, pondering the musings of his head as she often did. "Nothing that you could wrap your flimsy brains around, Evans," he growled. She stared at him, her green eyes all-seeing, "You'd be surprised what I could wrap my brains around, Snape ." She then cleared her throat and returned to her own work. Luckily, his hair covered his ears and face, or else she would see the blush that bloomed over him. They did not speak for the rest of the period. · February 10, 1976 "So I was thinking… if I can't make a decision myself, perhaps a bit of magic might help. And I know you put no faith in Divination, but there's no else I know who could help me brew this potion better than you… 'fanciful inaccurate mysticism' asides, Slughorn even agreed that Ponderirani Nazire is reputably accurate!" He snorted in response at such a ridiculous name, earning a glare from his companion. "Severus!" "You said it yourself, Evans," he reminded her, quirking a brow, "I put no faith in Divination—even when it is paired with the art of Potions and given a fancy title." She frowned, "Well, what else am I supposed to do? I have no idea what I want to be!" He was silent. They'd had this conversation so many times before and she