This is a Drarry fic based on a video on YouTube of the same title. Kind of post apocolyose/ homophobe universe. Hardcore smut so... yeah "Men. The only animals in the world to fear" - D.H. Lawrence "Findings from the National Center of Disease control released the results of a study which shows that the lifestyle of some homosexuals has triggered an epidemic..." The garbled voice of a newscaster comes out of the radio, along with small blasts of static. I walk down a dirt road in the middle of nowhere, my shoes covered in red dust and the sun beating down on my shoulders, heating my brown leather jacket. I keep my hands in the pockets to keep them from shaking as the small radio I keep in the lining spits out more information. "The 'Gay Plague' is the center of a political storm- the Moral Majority claiming that AIDS is God's punishment for the gay lifestyle." I close my eyes hard and use my shoulder to wipe the sweat out of them, and my messy black hair sticks to my forehead. In a hidden part of the thick jacket I can just hear the minute clinking of small pink pills that I live on in a small prescription jar. The pills in that jar, though, are anything but legal. The announcer continues. "This isn't just a disease we're talking about here! These people are capable of murdering other humans when they-" The voice becomes inaudible from all of the static emitting from the cheap radio, so I take it out and hit it against my jean-clad leg until the voice is understandable again. "C'mon..." I huff to myself, hitting the small box once again when it continues to cut out, until it finally continues. "-and 50% of U.K citizens are favoring quarantine. We're putting them in a nice, comfortable place-" The voice of the announcer is cut off suddenly by another person shouting into the microphone. "Just isolate them!" The newcomer says, and I continue to listen, though it hurts. Looking up, I see the outline of a tall brick enclosure in the distance as my radio spouts more slurs. I would switch to another station, but these news reports are all that are broadcasted anymore. The second voice continues, though in a calmer tone than the one previously used. "We have received proof that the free world is, once again, in danger. The radical group of homosexuals, known otherwise as the Death Eaters, have rallied together, more determined than ever to destroy the means put in place by our scientific and medical communities that keep us all safe, and healthy. Although we have created a protective quarantine, no one is truly safe." I turn off the radio, no longer able to listen. I can hear my mother's voice in my head, pressing the bottle of pink pills into my hand. 'Hide, Harry. Hide in plain sight, be a nurse, do whatever you can. Just don't let anyone know who you really are.' So here I am, in the middle of a field on a dirt road in August. Eventually reaching the gate of an eight foot tall barbed wire fence, I look up and sigh, pushing it open and walking inside the quarantine zone. The road is deserted, with various posters blowing about in the street, and the rusted shells of forgotten cars lining the outsides of empty buildings. My green eyes scan the chain link, looking at the various posters tacked up. Seeing some of them closer, they look to all have some extent of coverage from green or black paint. I can even see a poster of the Queen with a large green skull with a serpent tongue covering her face. I reach out to touch the poster, but in pulling my hand back, the tips of my fingers come away glistening with green liquid. I then take a step back, look around, and continue on my way, eyes trained on the ground in front of me, and hands stuffed in my pockets, with the muffled sound of men's screams permeating my ears. I continue walking through the desolate streets until I reach a heavy metal door with the words "Caution: Quarantine inside. Enter at your own risk." I don't think twice before pressing my shoulder against the door to open it. Inside, the sounds of suffering are clearer, but I continue on my way. Close by, I can hear someone with a hacking cough, a side effect of the numbing agent. "Hey-" A hoarse voice calls out, and I look up in surprise. "you'll help me..." An unkempt man sitting in a pile of trash lunges at me, trying to grab my ankle, though I manage to jump out of the way. "Help me!" He screams at my back as I walk away. "You selfish pig! You're just like the rest of us!" "L-leave me alone." I say quietly, continuing, albeit at a quicker pace, towards my destination while the man screams behind me. "You'll get yours one day kid! You just... you fucking wait..." Is what I hear before he breaks down crying, and I keep going out of fear. I turn a corner a small ways from the man to the front of an unassuming building, manned by two armed guards wearing respirators over their mouths and noses. The man on the left looks me up and down, before stiffly asking- "Identification?" I take out my security pass and he runs it under a machine, which beeps to signal my clearance. "Put out your arms." He says, taking out a metal detector and waving it over my whole body. As it runs over my side, I pray with every ounce of my sinning soul that the pills won't be detected, even though they never have been before. "He's clean." The guard says once the detector has run over me multiple times. He gives me a look of sadness, and motions to his partner to open the door. "Good luck in there, Potter." I nod in response and walk through the door into the cool, dark building. My whole body shakes as I walk to the bathroom, the intercom of the building playing more messages like the one I heard on my way to work. " Several members of the Death Eaters have been arrested for vandalizing property, writing messages that spread their hate and lies..." I listen intently at the door to the restroom to make sure that it's deserted, before entering and locking the door behind me. "The authorities have transferred the detainees to a nearby clinic for immediate neutralization." I walk to the sink, not bothering to look in the mirror because I know what I would see; the tired eyes of a liar, and the messy hair and smile-less lips of a sinner. I take the plastic container out of my pocket and crack it open, depositing the pills into my hands, looking at them with distain and distaste, before I hear a creak behind me. I look up and turn to the side, the sudden appearance of a heavily freckled red-haired man taking me by surprise, causing me to drop the container of pills and drop to my knees, scrambling to pick them all up. "I-it's not what it looks like-" I stutter, fear taking over my whole being, because if he knows what these pills do- I look back at him after all the pills are put away, and I see a sad smile on his face. "I should have known you were on Celibron-" he says, his accent thick. I narrow my eyes at him before looking away, my heart beating a million miles and hour. "I know exactly what you're going through. You're doing a really good thing-" I look back up at the man, who looks hardly older than I. How could he possibly know what I'n going through? I narrow my eyes again, and stand up straight, slipping the bottle into my pocket. "I can't eat... I can't sleep... these- these things are fucking poisoning me-" "These things saved my life." The other man says calmly, resting his hand on my arm, which I immediately pull away. I turn my back, and put my hand on the doorknob, figuring I can just take the pills somewhere else. "Do you want to get better?" He asks, and my grip falters, before steadying again. "There's nothing wrong with me." I say. "It's just a precaution." And I walk out of the room, leaving the red haired man alone, once again. About an hour later, I've nearly forgotten the experience. My mind is numbed by the Celibron coursing through my system, and my shoes loudly hit the ground in the quiet hallway leading up to my patient's room. I've traded my leather jacket and jeans for dark red scrubs, and my hands are unable to stop fidgeting as I walk up to the one-way glass that shows me my patient. I look in and see him sitting on a table, wearing nothing but white shorts, and I swallow thickly, before mentally berating myself for it. He has neat bleach blonde hair and wears a look that would seem horrible on anyone except for him. His lean arms are pale and his stomach is toned and blemishless. When he looks up I can see stormy grey eyes and a strong chin. I open the door and walk into the room, trying to avoid eye contact with the beautiful man. I go to the cart positioned directly next to the man, whose feet are bound to his padded medical chair. I pick up his file and graze my eyes over it, before having them rest on his name. 'Draco Malfoy' I glance at him and look back at the chart blankly when I find that he's looking back at me. I walk around the back of him, glancing at his forearm and seeing a tattoo of a green skull and serpent right beneath the hinge of his elbow. His voice takes me out of my stupor. "So... what's it like?" I return to his side and look him in the eyes, before glancing away again. "When they cut it off?" Draco asks me morbidly. "You'll be anesthetized-" I reply quickly. "Mm-mm. No, I want to feel everything-" my neck heats as I feel him look me up and down. "even pain." He says everything with a confidence that I don't understand. I don't understand how he could be confident and level headed in the situation that he is in. "We can't do that. That's... inhumane." I tell him, still keeping my eyes on the tools that I'm fiddling with for no reason other than to distract myself from the strength of his gaze. He thinks for a moment before replying. "Since when did that stop anyone?" I pause for a moment before continuing my distraction. "I-I'm sorry. The government requires that every patient be numb from the waist down for this procedure..." His eyes burn into the back of my neck and I can feel the pills working against the feelings rising up inside of me. He smirks. "What do you feel down there, nurse boy? I could smell you a mile away. Your body's strong... it's resisting those pills-" I turn to face him, an easygoing smile decorating his features, and anger boils up inside of me. "How did you know that?" I ask with a mixture of anger, fear, and curiosity. His blonde hair flops into his eyes and he brushes the strands away with gentle fingers. "Did you ever break sodomy law?" I stop again, the heat from my neck spreading to my cheeks. "T-the what?" I stutter, trying to play innocent as I lean back against the wall. He just smiles and shakes his head, as if he can't believe my ineducation on the subject. "Sodomy, sweetie. Mmm, sodomy." The blonde nearly hums the