Disclaimer: All characters are the creations of Tolkien, and any misrepresentation of those characters is here made solely for laughs. All credit is given to J.R.R. Tolkien, whom I hail as one of the greatest writers of all time. The Lord of the Cell Phones The Fellowship of the Cell Phone~ Christian Clingman [Comedy] (This comedy begins with Galadriel narrating this story.) Galadriel: It began with the forging of the great cell phones. Three were given to the elves; immortal, wisest and fairest of all beings. Seven to the Dwarf lords; great miners and craftsmen of the mountain halls. And nine, nine were given to the race of men; who above all else desired power. For it was within these cell phones that it was given to dominate all life. But they were all deceived, for another cell phone was made. In the lands of Verizon, and on the slopes of Mega Wal-Mart the dark lord Sauron forged himself a master cell phone. And into this cell phone he poured his cruelty and his malice and his will to dominate all life. ONE RING TO RULE THEM ALL! One by one, the free peoples of Internet-Earth fell under the power of the great cell phone. But there were some who resisted. A last alliance of men and elves was made and in the parking lot of the Mega Wal-Mart, they fought for the freedom of Internet-Earth. (Orcs are yelling and screaming. Lines of men fire their bows as they take down many orcs that are on top hills. Many lines of orcs rush at the lines of elves. The elves stand firm.) Elrond: Hold up your lines! Le muer de vunderval! Dum yate! (Elf archers shoot between the front lines and kill many orcs. Then the orcs crash into the line of elves. Everybody is fighting.) Galadriel: Victory was near! (Elves and men see the Dark Lord Sauron advancing towards them.) Galadriel: But the power of the cell phone, could not be undone. (Elves and men see the Dark Lord Sauron's cell phone sticking out of his pocket. He then starts killing men and elves with his mace. After a little while, Elendil advances towards Sauron and he gets hit in the head by his mace. Isulder goes up to his father.) Isulder: Are you all right, father? (Elendil goes cross-eyed and his tongue rolls out. Isulder then weeps.) Galadriel: Just when all hope had faded, Isulder son of the king took up his father's lightsaber. (Isulder grabs the lightsaber but Sauron steps on the handle where the crystal is and crushes it. Isulder then takes out some laser pistols and shoots Sauron's left pocket that holds the cell phone. Sauron then starts to feel weak and he explodes. His helmet then falls.) Galadriel: Sauron, the master of the free peoples of Internet-Earth, was defeated. (Isulder grabs the cell phone.) Galadriel: And now Isulder had this one chance to destroy evil forever. But the hearts of men are easily corrupted. (Isulder's men get ambushed while Isulder gets knocked off his horse. Isulder then gets away from the skirmish and presses dial on Sauron's cell phone. He then disappears and he goes into the water. Sauron's cell phone runs out of minutes and he reappears and the orcs shoot him with arrows.) Galadriel: It betrayed Isulder, to his death. And the cell phone was not seen for two and a half thousand years. Until the cell phone enslaved a new bearer. Gollum: My precious! Galadriel: The cell phone, came to the creature Gollum who took it deep into the tunnels of the Misty Mountains. And there, it consumed him. (Gollum is whispering to himself over the cell phone. He then thinks he hears something but after a little while continues loving what he has in his hands.) Galadriel: The ring was precious in Gollum's sight. Which for five hundred years it poisoned his mind. Darkness crept back into the shadows, whispers came of a nameless fear. Then the cell phone then wanted to go to it's master. It's time had now come. (Sauron's cell phone goes down a rocky slope without scratching itself.) Galadriel: It abandoned Gollum. But certain fate came, which the cell phone did not intend. It was found by the most unlikeliest creature. Bilbo: What's this? (Bilbo looks at Sauron's cell phone.) Galadriel: A hobbit. Bilbo Baggins of the Shire. (Bilbo smiles.) Bilbo: A cell phone. (Gollum cries out…) Gollum: It's lost! My own good precious is lost! Galadriel: And that was when the lives of hobbits, would turn the fate of all. (The title of "The Fellowship of the Cell Phone" appears. Frodo is leaning against a tree and is reading a book. He hears a familiar voice down the hill. He starts running down the hill. The voice comes from Gandalf who is in wagon pulling a trailer with no roof on top.) Gandalf singing: The road goes ever on and on. Down from the gates where it began. I think I'm getting Bilbo's song wrong. And I will sing it if I can. Pursuing the lines with eager feet. La, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. (Frodo then comes to the edge of the road that Gandalf is riding on.) Frodo: You're late. (Gandalf stops singing and looks up slowly at Frodo.) Gandalf: A wizard is never late Frodo Flea-Bitten Pants. Nor is he early. He arrives la…precisely as he means to. (Frodo and Gandalf stare hard at each other until neither one can't help laughing.) Frodo: It's wonderful to see you Gandalf! (Frodo jumps into the wagon and on top of Gandalf. Gandalf grunts from the pain but smiles at Frodo. The two then stay in the wagon and head for Hobbiton.) Gandalf: You don't think I'd miss your Uncle Bilbo's funeral? Frodo: Funeral? Gandalf: What? He's not dead? Frodo: No. Gandalf mumbles: That's bad. Frodo: Why? I thought Bilbo had invited you. Gandalf: He did. Frodo: Then what are you complaining about? Gandalf: I'm sad that he's not dead because then I can't have Bag End for myself and that mithril coat of his. (Frodo rolls his eyes.) Frodo: Gandalf you're forgetting something. I'm the one that's going to get Bag End if Bilbo dies; not you. And that mithril coat is too small for you. (Gandalf grumbles.) Frodo: Besides, I thought you liked Uncle Bilbo. Gandalf: I do like him. Besides he's not my uncle. Frodo: I never said he was your uncle. Gandalf: Oh yes you did. Frodo: When? Gandalf: When you said that I liked Uncle Bilbo, even though he's not my uncle! (Frodo sighs and rolls his eyes.) Frodo: Tell me about the world. Tell me everything. Gandalf: Everything? Most unnatural for a hobbit. Well what can I tell you… Frodo interrupts: Everything. Gandalf: The world goes on as it is. Scarcely a whisper anywhere about hobbits; which I am very thankful. Frodo: That's not good! We hobbits won't be famous then. Gandalf: I thought you hobbits were peaceful folk. Frodo: We are. But once and a while we want to be famous. Gandalf: Oh really? (Gandalf then notices hobbits setting up Bilbo's birthday party.) Gandalf: Ohhh! The long expected party! (The hobbits lift up a banner wishing Bilbo a happy birthday but it comes back down on top of them. Most of them don't get hurt.) Gandalf: I wonder why Bilbo doesn't set up his birthday party himself. Frodo: You know Gandalf. Bilbo is 111 years old. He couldn't lift a twig. Gandalf: Oh really? Frodo: All right then keep your secrets. (*Gandalf laughs*) Before you came along we Bagginses were very well thought of. Gandalf: Indeed. Frodo: Didn't have any credit or debit cards and didn't have anything to do with the economy. Gandalf: If you're referring to the affair of The Lonely Mountain Mall, I was barely involved. All I did was hand your uncle a credit card at the door. Frodo: Whatever you've done, you've been officially labeled a disturber of the peace. Gandalf: Oh really? Frodo: Yes. (Gandalf's eyes widen in horror.) Gandalf: How much is the reward? Frodo: 10 barrels of LongBottom leaf. (Gandalf gulps.) Frodo: And do you know what they're planning to do with you when they catch you? (Gandalf shakes his head in fear.) Frodo: They're going to put you in the stocks at Michael Delving. Gandalf: Oh really? Frodo: Would you stop asking me that two word phrase, "Oh really"? Gandalf: Nope. (Frodo sighs.) (Hobbit children start running down from their homes shouting out to Gandalf. When they reach the rode they ask from Gandalf…) Hobbit Children: Dynamite, Gandalf! Dynamite, Gandalf! (Gandalf continues on while Frodo looks at Gandalf to see if he will do it. Dynamite explode from Gandalf's trailer and blacken the Sackville-Bagginess's hair. For they were watching Gandalf near the road with begrime faces. The hobbit children who were pretty far away from it start shouting or screaming in delight. Gandalf laughs while Proud Foot laughs too; not even noticing that his wife has black powder from the explosion of Gandalf's dynamite.) Frodo: Gandalf? I'm glad your back. (Frodo jumps off the cart and starts rolling down the slope of the hill.) Gandalf shouts out: So am I dear boy. So am I. (Gandalf rides up to Bilbo's house and gets off his wagon and taps his stick on the door. No answer. He then taps again. No answer. Gandalf gets frustrated and whacks his staff against the door. It goes slightly through the door and Gandalf tries to pull it out but can't. Gandalf hears Bilbo's voice and continues pulling his staff.) Bilbo: No thank you! We don't want any salesmen, fortune-tellers, hippies, trick or treaters, Sackville what-nots, and distant relations. Gandalf: And what about helping me getting out this staff! (Bilbo hears the familiar voice and opens the door suddenly which pulls Gandalf forward. Gandalf hits his head above Bilbo's door and falls backwards.) Bilbo: Gandalf? Gandalf grunting: Bilbo Baggins. Where have you been! I was trying to get out my staff from your door! Bilbo: Get your staff from my door? That would be impossible for your staff to go through my door for it is iron-wood from the outside and steel from the inside. (Gandalf gets up and wrenches his staff from Bilbo's door and enters Bilbo's abode with grumbling. Bilbo takes his staff from his hand and his conical hat.) Bilbo: Welcome! Welcome! Ohh. Tea? Or perhaps something a little stronger? I know. I've got some cans of Budweiser, Buddumber, Budstupid, and Budmagic from the old Beer factory. 1296. Very good year. Almost as old as I' am! (Bilbo goes down a hall laughing.) Bilbo: It was laid down by my father. Why don't we open some aye? Gandalf: Just soda, thank you! (Gandalf bumps into a chandelier and turns around and bumps his head against the wall and whines. (He then goes down a different hall into Bilbo's study. Bilbo goes back and forth muttering to himself. Gandalf sees a Wal-Mart advertisement on one of Bilbo's tables. Gandalf then goes away just when Bilbo comes in.) Bilbo: I can make you some Twinkies if you like…. Gandalf? (Gandalf then appears in the Dining Room behind Bilbo.) Gandalf: Just tea, thank you! Bilbo: But I thought you wanted soda? Gandalf: Of course. Bilbo: So? Gandalf: So I want tea and soda mixed together! (Bilbo rolls his eyes and sticks out his tongue in disgust. Bilbo starts eating some bread.) Bilbo: All right! (*muffled with food*) You don't mind if I eat do you? Gandalf: Oh no. Not at all. (Bilbo hears banging on his front door. Bilbo coughs and leans against the wall.) Mrs. Sackville-Baggins: Bob Cratchet! I know your there! Don't pretend your not there! (Bilbo looks at Gandalf.) Bilbo whispering to Gandalf: I'm not Bob Cratchet! (Mrs. Sackville-Baggins eventually goes away, thinking that Bilbo is not there. Bilbo looks through a window to make sure she is