Disclaimer: All characters are the creations of Tolkien, and any misrepresentation of those characters is here made solely for laughs. All credit is given to J.R.R. Tolkien, whom I hail as one of the greatest writers of all time. These Lord of the Rings events take place before the quest to destroy the One Ring. THE FIGHTING SUITORS BY Tirlalaith [COMEDY] (Sam is smoking next to Bag End lane with Pippin as they are thinking their thoughts. Merry goes into Bag End with Frodo to have a fill of beer. They shut the door behind themselves only leaving the two hobbits to their thoughts.) Sam: Hey Pip. Have you ever been in love with someone? (Pippin shruggs his shoulders) Pippin: I can't say I have. Sam: Oh, come on. There must have been someone beautiful in your life. Pippin: Oh, there is one I love now but I don't want to give it away. Sam: Come on please; just tell me. I won't tell any Hobbit in the Shire, not even Bilbo or Mr. Frodo. Pippin: Well...all right. (Sam more eager) Sam: Good. Go on! Pippin: She's... (Pippin happy and nervous) Sam: Yes? (Says with a smile calmly.) Pippin: Rosy Cotton! (Sam's eyes widens in shock and disappointment.) Sam: Rosy? Cotton? Pippin: Yes! She's perfectly beautiful and I don't see any other hobbit she would like except but me. (Pippin grabs the edges of his jacket and sticks them out like a business man and lets out a sigh. Sam pass's Pippin in shock and slowly goes to the Bag-End door and then opens it and closes it behind himself. Pippin doesn't notice Sam's shock, but thinks of Rosy Cotton and trumps off towards the direction of Rosy Cotton's house. Sam walks down the hall and ignores Frodo's offer for some beer and goes into the writing room. Sam stares at the papers and ink pens and then sits down and writes. Meanwhile, the day has turned into evening and Pippin has reached Rosy Cotton's house in happiness. Pippin sees a flower growing out of one of Rosy's flower pots and he pulls out the flower (with the roots still connected) and sticks it in his button hole. He then knocks on the door. The door opens and Rosy sees Pippin and smiles.) Pippin: Hi Rosy! Rosy: Hi...Pippin. Pippin: I walked all the way just to take you out to dinner at the Green Dragon. Rosy: Ok. Just let me get dressed and I'll be out. (Rosy leaves the door open and walks down a hall and disappears into another room.) (Pippin steps in and walks into the living room. He sees some tea ware sitting on the table and picks up one of the empty cups and inspects it. Rosy opens her door and walks out with a shawl around herself. Pippin sees her and in surprise, drops tea cup on his foot. Pippin grunts in pain.) Rosy: All right I'm ready. Pippin: Good! (Pippin grabs her arm and runs across to the Green Dragon.) (As they walk in Pippin seats her at a table and grabs one of the Sacksville's Bagginse's beer cups and puts it in his place. Sacksville shouts in surprise and in anger and narrows his eyes at Pippin. Pippin doesn't notice this but goes to the bar and leaps onto the counter and behind it. Grabbing a medium sized barrel of beer he shoves his way through the coming crowd of customers and places the barrel next to Rosy and smiles idiotically. Pippin grabs the "stolen" hobbit cup and places it under a hole. The hole is plugged up with a wooden peg. Pippin grabs wooden peg and throws it on the table. Beer spews out of the barrel and falls in cascades onto Pippin's lap. Pippin ignores it and puts his cup under it and takes a drink. Rosy lifts her eyes in surprise and question. After taking several drinks he lays his cup down and lets the beer fall still from the barrel.) Pippin: So Rosy...what will it be? Rosy: What? (Pippin smiles dumbly and drunkenly) Pippin: A smile or a kiss? Rosy: A smile or a what? (Pippin totally forgets what he says and grabs another cup off a bartender's tray and places it in front of Rosy) Pippin: Do you want some beer? (Pippin burps loudly) Rosy: I don't drink beer. Pippin: What? You don't drink beer with love? What is beer without love? (Rosy rolls her eyes.) Rosy: I need to get going. Pippin: All right. I'll escort you there as far as Bywater and Wave. Rosy: Goodbye. (Under her breath she says,) Good Ridance. (Rosy runs across the Bywater road to her house and closes the door behind herself.) (Pippin raises his cup.) Pippin: Goodbye. Fair Maiden of the Golden Ale. (Pippin falls backwards in drunkenness and slams himself into a bunch of tables.) (Meanwhile Sam marches out of Bag End with a letter in his hand and goes in the direction of Rosy's house. When he reaches there he sighs in uneasiness and knocks on the door.) Rosy: Who is it? Sam: It's me. Sam. (Rosy recognizes the voice and runs down the hall and opens the hobbit door.) Rosy: Sam? What are you doing here at this time of night? Sam: I...came to tell you that I...well I for evermore...wish your...oh hang it! Rosy: Hang what? Sam: Here's a letter from me don't read it until tomorrow. Goodbye. (Sam grabs the knob and shuts the door in her face; not rudely though.) (He then sighs again and tromps toward the Green Dragon.) (The Next Day...) Merry: Pippin you don't look so good. Are you felling okay? (Pippin opens his eyes dumbly with his tongue sticking out and then recognizes it as Merry.) Pippin: I'm fine. Fine as fine can see. (Merry grabs a bucket of water next to Pippin and dumps it on his face. Pippin gets up quickly.) Pippin: What did you do that for? Merry: You were dead-drunk. (Pippin gets up slowly.) Pippin: Of course! That is why I'm going to confess my love to my love. (Pippin raises his arms quickly in a stretch and knocks Merry in the chin and falls over unconscious. Pippin then walks slowly down to Rosy's house and knocks on the door.) Rosy: Who is it? Pippin: It's me your go-getter. Rosy: What do you want Pippin? Pippin: I want to take you out on a boat ride. Rosy: Really? Are you sober? Pippin: Of course. (Pippin hicks.) Rosy: That's good. I'll be out in a moment. (Pippin taps his foot on the stone until Rosy steps outside.) Rosy: Hi Pippin. So where do you want to take me. Pippin: Anywhere you want my hay-berry. Rosy: Hay-berry? (Pippin re-vises his words.) Pippin: I meant anywhere you want. Rosy: Ok. How bout rowing on Bywater. Pippin: Sure. (The two walk together in hands and reach the edge of the river. Pippin pushes the boat out. The boat goes out of Pippin's reach and Pippin tries to grab it but falls face flat into the river. Rosy covers her eyes until she hears Pippin getting out. Pippin grabs the boat by a string and then leads to the bank. Rosy smiles and steps in. Pippin steps onto river bank and steps into boat but falls into it; pushing the boat out. Pippin gets up and notices he left the oars.) Pippin: Oh, man. Rosy: What? Pippin: I forgot the oars. Rosy: That's all right will just wait until the boat is near a bridge and then we'll talk together. Pippin: Sure. (They wait until the boat slowly floats down to the bridge and then they tie the string to a hook to one of the pillars and then talk together. Meanwhile Sam walks by and sees Pippin and Rosy together. Sam's eyes widen and he drops the books he's holding and then climbs onto the railing. He then jumps off and into the boat; knocking the boat to one side which knocks Pippin over into the river and leaves only Rosy and Sam.) Sam: Hi Rosy. Rosy: Sam! Sam: Where do you want to go? Rosy: Down stream a little bit and then I'll request you to go and get some oars. (Sam nods and unties the string. They float down until hitting a bank and then Sam runs to go get two oars. Meanwhile Bilbo and Merry are sowing some clothes and they hear a splash and a scarf flip over a railing. Merry recognizes it as Pippin and turns to Bilbo.) Merry: It's the monster from the Black Lagoon. (Bilbo turns his head and sees Pippin climbing onto the railing and jumps down.) Bilbo: In Master Peregrine's clothes and form. (Pippin is annoyed and wipes his eyes.) Pippin: Get me a towel. Merry: Yes monster. Pippin. (Merry runs down a road and disappears.) Bilbo: What happened to you? Pippin: A fat florist knocked my boat over. Bilbo: Oh. Pity. (Pippin throws down his wet scarf and storms off to Bag End. Meanwhile Sam and Rosy are talking until Sam makes the boat hit the bank. The boat finally gets directed towards the bank and hits it. Rosy jumps off onto it.) Sam: Where are you going? Rosy: I just remembered it's your birthday. Besides, father is expecting me to make some dinner for him. Goodbye. Sam: But... (Rosy leaves and is gone.) Sam: Goodbye. You look beautiful and smell good will you marry me? I love you. (Sam hits his head against the boat in frustration and then leaps back on shore. He then walks until he gets to Bag End and goes to Frodo's room. He then goes to his music boombox and turns on some music. He then picks up a cell-phone and hears Rosy Cotton's answering machine. He then waits for the tone and then looks at himself in the mirror.) Sam sings along with the music: Nothing you can do can make me untrue to my guy. (Mimicks) My guy. Nothing you can say can take me away from my guy. (Mimicks) My guy. (Sam stops when he sees Pippin peaking and smiling at his "dance" movements. Sam turns off cell phone and slams Pippin against the other wall.) Sam: Don't you ever do that when I'm talking to a hobbit friend. Pippin: O right! Cool it hobbit. Sam: When I'm talking it gets to hot in there. Don't you see it. The window's open! The window's... Pippin: O right! Cool it hobblita. (Sam then goes back into his room and turns on his cell phone. Pippin goes out of Bag End and goes in the direction of Rosy Cotton's house again. Sam gets a hold of Rosy on his cell phone.) Sam: Rosy? Rosy: Yes? Sam: Did you read my letter? Rosy: No. I couldn't find it anywhere. Sam: Where did you put it? Rosy: On my window sill this morning. Sam: It's probably Pippin who did it. Rosy: What? Sam: Never mind. I'll take care of him. Goodbye. Rosy: Sam... (Sam turns off cell phone and places it on Frodo's bed. Frodo steps into the room.) Frodo: Sam, can I borrow your cell phone? Sam: Sure Mr. Frodo. (Sam walks out and into the garden.) (Frodo picks up cell phone and dials 0. After an little while an operator picks up the connection.) Operator: Yes sir? Frodo: Please connect me with Gandalf. Opperator: Wait a moment. Gandalf: Hello? Frodo: Gandalf! This is me Frodo. Gandalf: Oh hi! What were you calling me about? Frodo: When will you be coming to Bilbo's birthday party? Gandalf: Oh I almost forgot! I'm packing right now. (Crashes into the distance. Frodo smiles a little and squints.) Frodo: I'll talk to you later, bye. (Frodo turns off cell phone and then goes to Sam's picture gallery. He then lifts his eyebrows in interest.) Frodo: Sam? Sam: Yes Mr. Frodo? Frodo: Did Rosy take this picture? (Frodo holds