I originally posted this little story over on HPFF in honor of Harry's 35th birthday, which was on July 31st, 2015! So I guess I'm reposting it for his half birthday then... Happy (almost) Half Birthday to Harry! And me too. ;) "Dad? Hey, Dad! C'mere a second!" Harry Potter looked up when he heard his son's voice calling for him, and smiled when he spotted James, his oldest child, standing in the doorway and frantically motioning for Harry to follow him. "What?" Harry asked, putting his book, a birthday gift from Hermione, down on the table next to his large plush armchair before standing up and quickly following his excited son. James flashed a cocky grin, his warm brown eyes twinkling as he skipped into the living room. "We've been working on our birthday present for you, and it's finally ready!" Harry smiled broadly. This would be fun. "Oh? That's exciting! What is it?" he asked as he entered the living room. The room was a complete mess. The couches, missing their cushions, that had once sat in the center of the room were pushed against the walls. The two armchairs that had been on either side of the fireplace were now placed next to each other, facing what seemed to be a stage built out of the missing couch cushions. Several sheets - Harry didn't know where they came from - were draped over a half-dozen objects in the center of the room, with a piece of paper lying on top of each. The papers were covered in the familiar scrawl of Albus' unreadable handwriting, so Harry had no idea what his younger son could possibly have written on them. Al stood in the center of all of these objects, looking immensely proud of himself as he placed his hands on his hips and asked, "Dad! Guess who I am?" Harry chuckled at his appearance. Al was wearing an old Weasley jumper of Harry's, a Gryffindor tie knotted and twisted around his neck, clearly tied by himself. One of Ginny's black cloaks hung off his shoulders, the excess fabric gathered in a tangled mess at his feet. The look was completed with Harry's spare pair of glasses perched - slightly askew - on Al's nose. He'd even found a way to remove the lenses so that he could see through them. Despite his purple Weasley's Wizard Wheezes pajamas, Harry could tell that Al was dressed up as a younger version of himself. Harry tilted his head to the side, as if scrutinizing the boy's appearance, pretending to look confused as he scratched his head. "Well, I dunno Al. Who are you?" "I'm you!" Al replied as he rolled his giant green eyes. Eyes that looked just like Harry's. "Duh! See the glasses?" Harry slapped his forehead. "Oh! I see it now!" He walked forward and kneeled down in front of Al. "You look great. You make a very convincing me. It's almost like looking in the mirror." Al grinned broadly. "Okay Dad, now you have to sit here," he motioned to one of the armchairs that faced the makeshift stage, "and Mum can sit here," he finished, pointing at the chair to Harry's right. "Lily! Did you get Mum yet?" James yelled as he pulled out three fake wands from a box off to the side of the room, handing one to Al. "Coming!" Lily called, dragging Ginny in behind her. As Ginny entered the room, her confused expression quickly turned into a shocked one. She dug her heels in, pulling Lily to a stop. "What is going on in here?" she asked, looking around at the mess in despair. Lily looked around the room nervously. "Uh… we're putting on a play for Dad's birthday?" She watched Ginny's face carefully, checking to make sure that they weren't going to get in trouble. Ginny's expression immediately softened. "Oh! That's wonderful! What's it about?" she asked as she allowed Lily to continue pulling her towards the armchair next to Harry. "Can't tell you," Lily said wryly. "Spoilers." Ginny rolled her eyes. "You've been watching too much muggle TV with Roxy and Robbie," she said, speaking of Lily's cousin and their friend, a muggle boy who lived across the street. Lily ignored her mother, pushing her into the chair before running back to her brothers, the three instantly forming a huddle to prepare. "Do you think anything is going to explode?" Ginny asked, eyeing the sheet covered objects nervously. Harry snorted. "Would they be our children if something didn't?" "Touché," Ginny conceded, smiling slightly. "Should I get the video camera?" "Oh Merlin, yes!" Harry replied with a smirk. "I was just thinking that we didn't have enough blackmail material the other day." "This should fix that then," Ginny said as she exited the room. "But I wanna be Dad! Why do I have to be the girl?" came Lily's voice from the huddle. The redhead was shaking her head furiously, pigtails whipping back and forth and slapping the two boys' shoulders. "'Cause I look just like Dad!" Al exclaimed proudly. "'Cause you're the girl," James stated, shrugging slightly. "Well, can I at least be Vicky?" Lily asked, her deep brown eyes wide as she gave James her infamous puppy dog face. Harry had to refrain from openly laughing. Both Al and James had a soft spot for their little sister. She just had to use her puppy dog eyes and they both crumbled within minutes. "No," James said sternly, turning his head in order to avoid looking at Lily. She moved so that she was still in his line of vision. "Pleeeeeeaasseee?" she whined. "I can't be a girl!" James argued, his resolve clearly weakening. "Yes, you can! Here, have my wig!" Lily turned and rummaged through the box of props that had held the fake wands, this time pulling out a long, blond wig. The hair was all knotted and ratty, with pink bows and butterfly clips tangled all along the strands. "FINE!" James conceded, and Lily began to cheer loudly, dancing around as James removed his black jumper and fur-lined hat. Lily had removed her powder blue hoodie and tossed it to James before grabbing the jumper and hat and putting them on. "But I still get to be Uncle Ron," James said as he struggled to put on the much too small hoodie. "Then who is going to be Aunt Hermione? Lily can't play both her and Vicky in the same scene." Al noted, picking up the brown and red wigs that Lily had tossed out of the box of props in her search for the blond one. "I think you should be Aunt Hermione," James said, grabbing the brown wig and putting it on Al's head. Al groaned, pulling the wig off and throwing it into the box. "Fine. Can we just start already?" Lily nodded and dragged James off the stage, as he jammed the blond wig on his head, huffing loudly when Lily started rearranging the frizzy hair over his shoulders. Ginny returned, fiddling with the screen of the small handheld video camera. She sat down, dragging the the coffee table closer to them and placed the camera on it, checking to make sure everything was framed correctly before pressing record. Al, once satisfied that everyone was in their places, stepped to the center of the stage. "In honor of Dad's birthday, we have put together a play, of the thrilling tale of the Triwizard Tournament! I will be playing Harry, obviously, with James as Aunt Fleur, and Lily as Viktor Krum. We will also be playing some other roles, while the rest will be played by Lily's stuffed animal collection." He gestured to a line of stuffed animals that were all dressed up in various costumes. "Now," he continued, "enjoy the show!" The three kids all scurried around, James producing a large, fancy goblet that he had taken from Ginny's nice set of dishes. Harry could hear her hiss under her breath as James placed the goblet on top of a pile of cushions, little slips of paper visible through the glass. A colorful phoenix puppet, sporting a tiny beard and wizards hat, played Dumbledore, with the aid of James' voice. As the Champion's names were drawn from the goblet, Harry noted that Cedric Diggory had been left out. "What about Cedric?" Harry asked as he leaned over and whispered in Ginny's ear. She looked thoughtful for a moment before replying. "Well, they only know the story because of the pieces that Ron, Fleur, and everyone else has told them from their memories. You've never told them the whole story, and given what happened to Cedric, I don't think anyone wanted to bring that up. Especially with the kids." Ginny smiled sadly. "Will you be okay?" Harry's face darkened as he recalled such a difficult time. He had to take several deep breaths in order to think clearly. After a few minutes, he realized that for now, they didn't need to know the whole story. "Yeah, it's okay. Let's let them have this version for now. One day they'll have to hear it all from me, though." Ginny nodded and squeezed his hand reassuringly as they turned their attention back to the show. They had moved on, for Al had removed the paper, placing it on the table in front of Harry and Ginny, and the sheet that covered the first object that lay on the floor. With the piece of paper closer, Harry could finally decipher Al's handwriting. It read "The First Task" in bright red letters. The sheet, once removed, revealed three "nests" made out of blankets, each full of eggs. Real eggs. One in each nest had been colored on in yellow marker, clearly marking it the golden egg the Champions were supposed to take. Ginny buried her head in her hands at the sight of this, while Harry couldn't help but chuckle. "At least the dragons are going to be stuffed animals," he whispered, looking at two of the nests, which already had the toy dragons perched on top of the eggs. "Welcome to the first task of the Triwizard Tournament!" James called, moving the phoenix-Dumbledore puppet as he spoke. "For this task, you must fight a DRAGON!" Lily and Al oohed and aahed, clapping loudly. "Each of you will face a dragon and must retrieve the golden egg from their nest! You must try not to crush any of the eggs when you are fighting the dragon, or you will be deducted points. Okay, is everyone ready? We'll start with Fleur, who will be fighting the Common Welsh Green!" James said excitedly, pointing to the stuffed green dragon sitting on the first nest that Charlie had given Lily on the day she was born. Harry and Ginny joined with Lily and Al in cheering, as James put the phoenix-Dumbledore down. James pranced towards the first nest, in a rather accurate impersonation of Fleur, and pulled out his fake wand. Al, in a loud announcer voice, commentated as James reenacted Fleur's encounter with the dragon twenty years earlier. "Fleur, the Champion from Beauxbatons, approaches the nest cautiously as she tries to figure out what to do. The Welsh Green, or "Charlie" as Lily has nicknamed her, eyes Jam- I mean, Fleur suspiciously." Lily reached out and grabbed Charlie the Dragon, moving the toy so that it looked as if it was staring at James. "Did you know," Al continued, "that the Welsh Green is known for its melodious roar, which is very distinct from other dragons'?" "You've been reading Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them again, haven't you?" Harry asked, a knowing smile forming on his face. Al merely shrugged in response. "Oh! Look! Fleur has begun singing to the dragon, and is slowly putting it to sleep!" James had begun to sing, quite badly, a lullaby in a ear-piercing falsetto voice, which made everyone in the room cringe.