Disclaimer: I don't own anything you recognize. I'm just playing in JKR's sandbox for some fun and I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. A/N: I would like to acknowledge Shygui for his kind assistance in making this story better than it would have been. Check out "A Fateful Walk" if you haven't already. A/N2: If anyone has followed me from the Castle fandom, you may be disappointed to find this is about HP rather than Castle. I have another Castle story or two up my sleeve, I'll be back! The language of friendship is not words but meanings. - Henry David Thoreau It had all been too much for Harry: The staring, the whispers, the pointing fingers. It was bad enough with how it affected him but it also affected his friends. Ron had nearly gotten into a fight and even Hermione had had a surprising flare of temper over the rumours. When it was even getting to her, Harry had to act so he donned his invisibility cloak and hid most of the time. However, even he still had to do homework so he found himself in the library doing research for an essay. He'd found an out-of-the-way corner to work in but when he had to get a book, he still wore his cloak. He came around a corner thinking he was near to finding the last book he needed when he stopped in consternation. The aisle was not vacant as he had hoped, a girl in Slytherin robes was perusing the tomes near the other end. He continued to move as quietly as he could while looking for his needed book and finally spotted it. Unfortunately, it was rather high up and the girl was still there. He suppressed a huff of irritation as she fingered a book before moving on to another. Couldn't she just find her book and leave? While he glared at her he abruptly noticed how pretty she was. She had long blond hair, high cheekbones and a creamy complexion. She looked familiar, her name seemed to be just out of reach in his memory although he knew she was in his year when her name finally came to him: Greengrass, she was Daphne Greengrass. He realized that he knew nothing about her other than she was a pureblood as she'd never been one to provoke him, unlike Malfoy and his cronies. She still showed no sign of finishing so he looked up at the book again and since she seemed to be concentrating on her own search so much, he decided to take a chance. Unfortunately, the book was high enough that his initial grip on the book wasn't sufficiently secure and it turned in his hand so he had to move his other hand quickly to control it fully and bring it under the cloak with him. Regrettably he wasn't silent about it and his cloak may have slipped momentarily. He was startled by a low challenge of "Who's there?" He turned to look at Daphne and saw her levelling both a glare and her wand at him. Great, just what he needed. Now he might get hexed by another blond Slytherin, he could add that to his collection. He was in no mood for a straight answer so he whispered back, "The Heir of Slytherin." He was so accustomed to her stoic, aristocratic manner that her brief smirk and incredulous whispered response surprised him. "Potter?" He was so startled that he waited a beat too long to respond and she had begun to frown again and brought her wand back up after having briefly lowered it. "Yes, it's me." She relaxed again and whispered, "Invisibility cloak?" His initial and unseen nod embarrassed him so he whispered, "Yes." Daphne put away her wand and took a few steps nearer to him as if still looking for a book. "So, you don't really like attention like Professor Snape says?" He barely suppressed his scoff but did respond quietly. "Snape doesn't know me and never bothered to try to get to know me. He hated my dad so he hates me. My dad even saved his life and for some reason that made him angrier." She flicked a surprised look in his direction before responding quietly. "They were rivals and really hated each other. Professor Snape didn't want to owe anything to an enemy." Harry was gobsmacked. "How do you know that?" "My mother told me, my mother was friends with your mother." Harry was left speechless. Before he could think of anything to say she had looked around and whispered, "Good luck with your homework," and wandered back to where she'd been and continued her search for a book. Harry muttered, "Thanks." After a pause he decided that he should get back to his work although he found his thoughts wandered back to the surprisingly friendly Slytherin a few times. Daphne Greengrass had just finished her Potions essay and was thinking about one of the interesting topics that had come up among the reference books she'd used. Since Potions was part of her family's livelihood she wanted to excel at it, she was determined to use the rest of her afternoon to look for a good book to read on the subject of the various ways to classify ingredients. It was something she had only been vaguely aware of as it seemed to be more of an academic matter than a practical one but it was time to become familiar with it. She didn't really know if there were practical applications unless she knew more on the subject. She left her spot next to a still-busy Tracey Davis and wandered over a few rows to where the type of book she wanted was likely to be. She was browsing through the books when she had an odd feeling of not being alone. Her eyes flicked down the aisle she was in but seeing nothing, she returned to her search and eventually touched a book she was considering but ultimately decided it wasn't quite what she wanted. Unexpectedly, she heard a soft sound and saw a book disappearing at the end of the aisle that she was in. She had learned to be cautious even before coming to Hogwarts so her wand was in her hand and she was glaring in the direction of an unseen interloper before issuing a stern challenge. She was very surprised to hear the response and was delighted by the snarkiness of the answer. Was it really Potter? There was enough of a pause that she became wary again but eventually put away her wand after he confirmed it was him. Her father had drilled into her the benefits of having contacts plus she was curious so she engaged the Gryffindor in conversation. She quickly encountered his ignorance about his family and then realized to her shame that she was not considering the fact that he was an orphan. She'd heard that he had been forced to stay with Muggles, which explained his ignorance of the wizarding world. Apparently, he was ignorant of some basic personal knowledge as well. Wasn't he staying with relatives? Didn't they tell him anything? She wasn't quite sure what to do so she retreated to her former search and relaxed when she was able to hear his quiet footsteps withdrawing. She had a lot to consider starting with the revelation of his being a Parselmouth in the aborted duelling club fiasco of two days ago that had made her think about the Gryffindor that she had heretofore never spoken with. She had noticed him, of course, how could she not? He was as famous as Dumbledore and You-Know-Who and she'd used to own a full set of the books about him until she gave them to her little sister. She'd never mistaken them for reality, she'd known that they were fiction but they had been fun to read. She also vowed to herself that she'd never EVER admit to having owned them to the real boy. If she'd had any illusions about the books being real, they would have been dashed when she first saw him in their first year. She'd glimpsed the sorry Muggle clothing he'd worn before putting on his robes. She'd seen he was shorter than she expected and way too thin. It had taken her a while to accept the possibility that he wasn't in a good situation wherever he lived as she couldn't think of any other reason for him to be so scrawny. Now she even had some personal interaction with him and it just made the situation even more intriguing. He was clueless about their culture yet came from the same pureblood background as she did. He wore what was basically old rags at times yet the wealth of his family probably exceeded hers. Now she knew he even had what was certainly a very expensive and rare magical artefact: an invisibility cloak. He was a mystery wrapped in an enigma and Daphne loved solving mysteries. She hadn't paid a lot of attention to what her mother had said about the Potters since she didn't know them but now she not only had some curiosity of her own, perhaps she could relay some of that information to Potter. He was famous and although reclusive, he did seem like a nice enough boy and didn't seek confrontations unlike some members of her house she could name. Perhaps she could get to know him? Her father would probably approve of that if he saw the possibility of some advantage for the family and given her mother's affiliation with his, her mother would most likely be all for it as well. Yes, this definitely called for writing a letter. A small parcel was delivered to Daphne two days later during breakfast. She was a little surprised at the speed of the answer until she noted her mother's handwriting. Her mother was always faster to respond than her father. Tracey was curious but not intrusive as she took out a few photographs, a letter from her mother and an unusually thick note from her father. That was very intriguing, hearing from her father this quickly might indicate something important. However, as usual, her father's correspondence was sealed with family magic and she wasn't about to undo that with witnesses. She was forced to leave it for later and peered at the photos first. It was mostly photographs of her mother with various other girls from Hogwarts. However, one stood out as it showed her mother with a large group from a wedding. She realized it was the wedding of Harry's parents when she saw how like his father that Harry was. Then the beautiful woman next to him must be Lily, his mother. There were three men near his father and the one closest to Potter was obviously a Black, most likely the traitor Sirius Black. There was one rather rotund and unpleasant-looking young man with them. She briefly wondered who he was. "Who are they?" Daphne was startled by Tracey's quiet question and looked around carefully before responding. When she turned to answer, she saw an inquisitive eyebrow raised by her friend. "I think it is the wedding of Harry Potter's parents." Tracey's lips quirked before she responded. "Harry? Did you two talk more than you told me about?" Daphne looked around again, frowning slightly before responding. "No. It's just his name, why are you making a big deal out of this?" She had a knowing smirk before answering. "Why are you holding a photo of someone else's parents?" She frowned further at Tracey before pointing out her mother near the bride. Tracey was not satisfied by that in the least and continued to wait for a proper answer. Daphne huffed quietly and then put everything back into the envelope for more private consideration. She firmly said, "Later." She really liked her