A/N: Okay, so first of all I should probably explain more about this story as it may get a little confusing... Basically, follow the proper twilight stories up until a little way through breaking dawn until Bella gets pregnant, and then everything kinda changed...firstly, Bella and Edward don't return to Forks to have their baby. Bella isn't in danger from the pregnancy because the baby grows at a normal rate rather than trying to rip it's way out of her and slowly kill her... So, Bella and Edward never go back to see their family, and only contact them occasionally over the phone. None of them know about Bella's pregnancy because Alice can't see the future of the baby or Bella whilst she's pregnant (Like in twilight). Bella isn't turned into a vampire after they have the baby (Renesmee). Renesmee grows at a normal human speed, rather than weird vampire speed. They live in hiding because they don't want the volturi finding out about Renesmee. Eight years later, Bella gets pregnant again. Again, the baby grows at normal pregnancy speed and Bella is not in danger etcetera etcetera, but there are some 'normal human complications' during the birth and Bella is going to die, so Edward changes her into a vampire. So, now we have a vampire Edward, newborn vampire Bella, eight year old half-vampire-half-human Renesmee, and a new baby girl half-vampire-half-human which they call Arietta. And now we skip another nine years on, to when this story takes place. Edward and Bella are vegetarian vampires, Renesmee is seventeen years old and can eat human food/sleep/do all human things as well as drinking blood (animal blood)/vampire strength/speed/doesn't need sleep etc, and Arietta is nine years old and also has all the human and vampire traits. Renesmee's vampire power is that she can show people images through touching them (like in twilight) and Arietta's vampire power is a mental block like Bella. Anyway, I'll stop rattling on and get on with the story...hope you like it :) Hearts of Ice Chapter One: Monsters under the bed When I was little I used to hide from the monsters that lurked under the bed. I mean, most kids do, but my parent's actually encouraged it. They used to tell me that there were bad things out there - dangerous, scary things. Sometimes my Mom would hide in there with me, whilst Dad stayed downstairs to protect us from the big scary monsters. Sometimes, my parents would tell me when to hide. "Quick, the monsters are coming!" They would say, and off I would go, into my closet or up in the attic, and I wouldn't come out until Mom or Dad came to tell me it was safe again. As I grew up, I realised how stupid that was. Given what I was, what could possibly be out there that was dangerous to me? Still, I had to keep on hiding, huddled into a cupboard with Mom. That went on until I was eight, and then Mom changed, and she didn't need to hide anymore. Instead, I was given baby Arietta, and told to take her into hiding with me. It was still going on now, even though I knew there were no monsters under the bed. I walked up the pathway towards Josh's house, balancing a pizza box in one hand and my purse, containing several of our favourite DVDs, on my arm. Josh and I had been dating for almost a year, and it wasn't strange for me to pop around uninvited with a movie and some kind of take-out food. It wasn't like he could come round my house - I would have rather a lot of explaining to do. I knocked on the door with my spare hand, trying to ignore the delicious smell of cheese and pepperoni coming from the cardboard box in my hand. I was starving and it had taken all my self-preservation to not eat half the pizza on my way over here. I heard noises behind the door, but it didn't open. I rolled my eyes and waiting patiently. Would it be rude to knock again? The door opened only half way and Josh stood there, wrapping in a dressing gown. I raised my eyebrows. It was 4.00pm and he wasn't dressed yet? That was so...well it was so un-Josh like. I was the one who was forever sleeping in late and accidentally missing our dates. Josh was always up and ready so early that the good shows hadn't even started on tv yet. "Renesmee!" Josh looked alarmed to see me, "What are you doing here?" "It's nice to see you too." I teased. His laugh was fake and nervous. I studied him for a second. He looked guilty. "What's going on?" "Nothing! I just didn't expect you round! You couldn't have called first?" He asked. Since when did I have to call first? That was the best thing in our relationship; we were so close that I could walk into his house whenever I wanted, whether his parents were home or not, and hang out. We could do everything together, talk about anything. We could watch horror movies or chick flicks, we could get a fancy meal or grab a cheeseburger, we could watch a football game or go shopping - it didn't matter what we did, because it was fun as long as the other person was there. Josh was more than just my boyfriend. He always there for me, whatever I needed. He was my best friend, my shoulder to cry on, my life coach, my personal tutor, my everything. And right now, he was lying to me. I took a step closer but Josh blocked the way into the house. As soon as I stepped closer I realised that there was another human inside. I'd been too distracted by my hunger and the smell of pizza to notice the human at first. Besides, I was used to Josh's parents being home, and sometimes his mates would be round when I came over, so I hadn't given it much thought. But now it dawned on me that this human was probably what Josh was trying to block me from seeing. "Josh?" I enquired, taking another step forward. He didn't let me pass. He was beginning to panic now - his breathing getting faster and his heart rate increasing rapidly. "It's not a good time Renesmee." Josh told me "Why?" I asked. Josh was blocking my way, but I moved quickly before he could react and looked over his shoulder into the hallway. Standing halfway down the stairs was a girl around my age, leaning on the banister watching Josh and wearing nothing but a bed sheet. I gaped at her, trying to take in the whole situation. "Who is that ?" I asked very slowly and quietly through clenched teeth. Josh's eyes grew wide. "Uh...Renesmee, I-" Josh began "How long have you been sleeping with her?" I asked. Josh seemed to realise that he had been caught red handed. There was no explaining his way out of this one. "How long have you been cheating on me?" "This was the first time I've slept with her, I swear." He said. I didn't like the way he'd answered my first question and not my second question. I didn't like the way the words 'with her ' seemed to be a little weighted. "Have there been others?" I asked, already knowing the answer. "No." Josh said "Don't lie to me!" I screamed. Josh jumped at my raised voice. "Renesmee, look, I just-" He began. I looked over to the girl on the stairs. I expected her to look embarrassed at being caught at a guys house undressed. I expected her to look shocked that said guy's girlfriend had just turned up at the door. I expected her to look awkward at seeing our relationship falling apart in front of her. I expected her to look ashamed at what she and Josh - a very not single guy - had been doing. I did not expect her to be wearing the smug expression that she was. "I'm sorry Renesmee!" Josh said, "I screwed up! I swear it will never happen again!" "Damn right it won't!" I yelled, "We're over!" I threw the pizza at him and he looked surprised at my yelling. Well, what did he expect? That I would just accept his apology and let him finish with this random chick whilst I skipped over the movie trailers? "Renesmee, don't be like this!" Josh said "Excuse me?" I asked. He was talking like I was overreacting, like I was being a stubborn brat wanting my own way. The only thing I wanted was a boyfriend who didn't have sex with random girls off the street. I obviously wasn't going to find that here. "Goodbye Joshua." I turned on my heel and began walking away, but Josh caught my arm. "Hey can we talk about this?" "What's there to talk about?" I asked. Josh sighed. "Just wait there. Give me two minutes okay, please?" He asked "I don't owe you any favours." I said "No, you're right. You don't." Josh said, "But would you at least give me a chance to explain and apologize properly?" I didn't say anything. "Please wait here. I'll be right out." I should have just left him there but I didn't. I waited as he shut the door and disappeared inside. He came back out a few minutes later wearing jeans and a t-shirt and hoodie. "Come on, we'll take the Audi." He said, unlocking his car and opening the door for me. I really shouldn't have got inside, but I did anyway. He climbed in the drivers seat and turned on the engine, rolling away from the curb and driving down the street away from his house. We drove in silence, until we came to our favourite little diner. We had so many happy memories here, and I wondered if that was why Josh had picked here to beg his forgiveness. He led me inside and ordered us both milkshakes before taking me to our usual booth. I still hadn't said anything, and after a few minutes, Josh broke the silence, "Renesmee, I'm really-" Now that he'd started speaking, I found my voice and suddenly had a lot to say. I kept my voice quiet and calm, despite the rage inside my head screaming at me to yell and kick and shout. "When was the first time?" Josh stopped, and watched me for a few counts before saying quietly, "About 8 months ago." 8 months ? We'd only been going out for 11 months and he'd been unfaithful for 8 of those? "How...how many have there been?" I asked. Josh didn't want to answer that, I could tell, but I think he knew I needed to know. "I...I'm not sure." He said. "Jesus, how many have there been if you can't even remember?" I asked, my voice raising a little before I regained control and lowered it again, "Were they all one time things?" "Mostly..." Josh said carefully. I waited for him to go on. "There have been a couple that lasted a few weeks, but they never really meant anything." "So what, none of them meant anything to you?" I asked, "You didn't feel anything, it was just sex, right?" Josh hesitated, "Please just be honest with me Josh, I think you owe me that much." "You're right. I do." He said, then he sighed, "One. I thought she might mean something to me. I had feelings for her, and I think she might have loved me. But that was months ago, and I ended it. I might have loved her back, but I loved you more." I stared at him, unable to move. Why was I taking this crap? Why was I sat here listening to my sleazebag boyfriend explain how he loved me more than