Prompt for Day Three: Artisans Author's notes: It's sembreak! Here is the pomised continuation of the very late Solngelo ficlets! Thank you for you support! Meaningless Words "Does not everything depend on our interpretation of the silence around us?" Lawrence Durrell, Justine by Live Don't Just Exist "Ow!" Nico jumped up in surprise when he felt something tiny poking him when he sat down. He cursed lowly in his mother tongue, stepping back to get a good look. It was a small, impressive-looking cross with black beads. The dark-haired teen picked it up with a small scowl. He glared at the people who turned to him at his small outburst. Everyone immediately went back to what they were doing, pretending nothing happened. "It's made of copper cloisonn enamel." A voice said from behind him said. Nico turned in surprise. Leo Valdez gave him a mischievous smile that made Nico's scowl darken. "Did you put it on my seat?" "What?" Leo said, eyes wide, "No!" "Then how do you know what it's made of?" The curly-haired senior made gestures with his hands, "Apollo's Crafts club is right next to the Hephaestus' metal melding club. They'd been talking about making small trinkets and accessories from copper cloisonn enamel and they wanted our opinion on it." Nico frowned down at the tiny cross. Leo's eyes narrowed, looking over the craftsmanship. "It looks pretty impressive. Hey, maybe one of them accidentally left it on your seat." "Maybe." Nico wanted to throw it over his shoulder in annoyance. As though sensing what he was about to do, Leo shook his head. "You should keep it. You never know, one of them might be looking for it. It looks like whoever made that had been working hard on it." The dark-haired teen's conscience tugged at him. With a heavy put-upon sigh, Nico pocketed the tiny cross. Leo shot him a smile, patting him on the shoulder. Nico elbowed him in annoyance. Before Leo could retaliate, their Italian teacher came in, ushering them back to their seats. "Okay, everyone back to their seats." Just as Nico was about to sit down, a blond suddenly collided with his seat. The teen automatically caught him by the arm, catching him. The blond blinked up at him in surprise. The dark-haired teen pulled him up to stand properly, he noticed the blond's bag was slightly open and there was a book called "Apollo" sticking out. Nico turned back to the boy, noticing he was still staring at him. His eyebrows rose in challenge, daring him to say something. The blond merely gave him a bright smile, pale blue eyes soft. Nico felt his own eyes grow wide at the expression. The blond mimed him a silent thank you and went to his seat which was right in front of Nico's. The dark-haired teen stood there for a few seconds before their Italian teacher cleared her throat at him. Nico shook his head and apologized, getting back to his own seat. That was weird. "Nico." A voice called him from behind. Nico turned expectantly and he was met with the thoughtful eyes of Annabeth Chase. As always, whenever Nico would see Percy Jackson's girlfriend, guilt and annoyance warred inside him. Guilt for using Annabeth as a shield for his crush on Percy and also for having a crush on Percy; and annoyance for feeling guilty when it's not like he could control liking the captain of the swim team back then. Besides, he'd moved on. Nico inclined his head hesitantly. The blonde gave him a small smile as though she could tell what he was thinking. Knowing her, she probably could. "You dropped something." Nico's eyebrows rose in confusion when she held up a flat wooden carving of a pentacle. "Uh, that's not-" "And littering's not an acceptable reason." Annabeth tutted as she walked forward and dropped it into Nico's open hand. "Uhm-" "But good choice though." The blond said, looking at the charm she placed on Nico's palm, "A pentacle or pentalpha as known by the Greeks, is believed to have magical properties. Through the Middle Ages and Renaissance, the pentacle was commonly used as a charm against witches and demons." "Oh… kay?" Ananbeth gave him a look, "We were discussing it in History a few days ago, is that what gave you an idea to get one? Or make one? It seems well-made." "I-" "Annabeth!" A familiar voice made the two of them look up. Percy was waving wildly at the blonde. Annabeth rolled her eyes fondly while Nico immediately ducked his head. "Seaweed brain probably got himself in trouble again." Annabeth huffed, "Anyway, I'll see you later, Nico." "Yeah." The blonde walked away while the dark-haired teen tried to look around for a trash can to throw the pentacle or whatever into. When he found none he decided to try in the next hallway, but he couldn't help but glance back at Percy and Annabeth. The captain of the swim team was happily talking to Annabeth about something or the other, but the blonde girl wasn't paying attention but was instead giving a calculating look at another blond who was fidgeting nervously by his locker. Nico recognized the blond from his class. He wondered what he did to have Annabeth look at him like that. Realizing it was none of his business, Nico shook his head and pocketed the pentacle. The bell rang. He'll find the garbage can later, right now he had classes to go to. Nico forgot all about the pentacle in his pocket. Nico was starting to get suspicious of these hand-made charms and trinkets. At first he thought they were all just coincidences or some littering accident but- The third time he encountered one was by finding one right in his hand. He had been taking a nap right under the shade of huge oak tree on top of the small hill and when he woke up from a disturbing dream (nightmare), he realized there was something on his hand. It was a flower made of straw, painted in purple, no bigger than a coin. Nico found himself staring at it, willing it to make sense. The flower just sat innocently in his hand, not saying anything. Confused but mostly annoyed and angry (especially from his dream), Nico got up, holding the flower tightly in his right hand. Was someone making fun of him? Was this someone mocking the fact that he was alone? Nico wanted to throw the flower as far as he could but he needed it to ask around. Maybe someone saw something, or maybe they got glimpse of someone working on it. He was so angry he didn't even apologize to the blond he'd bumped into on his way to the school building. He didn't notice that it took awhile before the blond got up and left from where he'd fallen. Nico was not in a good mood. Not only did he fail to know the identity of the secret litterer ("Artisan," Piper argued, " Your secret admirer Artisan." When Nico shot her a look, she just glared back at him. "You heard what Katie said, that handmade flower is supposed to be a gladiolus, which means strength of character , conviction, and honor in flower speak!" She gestured wildly, "Clearly, someone has it bad for you!") he also lost something very important to him and he just noticed it now . Nico's hands were fisted in his empty pocket jeans. The small Hades action figure from his old mythomagic set which Bianca gave him before she died- He'd looked everywhere for it. He'd gone to the gym, the outside tennis court when he went to watch Jason play, to Leo's HMM club when he'd gone to ask about their Italian project, in the lunch room, even back to that stupid tree on that small hill. It was nowhere to be found. Nico felt like he was going to cry. He felt like he wanted to punch someone. So that's why, when he found a dream catcher with black, dark blue, and violet feathers and black, dark blue, and light blue beads hanging outside of his locker, he saw red. The first thing he did was rip it from his locker, effectively ripping it to pieces, the beads scattering all over the floor. Nico was aware that everyone was looking at him, muttering about how he'd lost it, but he didn't care. He didn't like being played with, he didn't know what this secret artisan was doing or why he was doing it, but he wasn't going to play by his rules anymore. He stomped towards the nearest trash can and dumped the remains into it. He then went back to his locker and yanked it open, taking out his books. He slammed it shut, the sound making everyone nearby jump. It was only when he was half-way to his Maths classroom that he realized he forgot his calculator. Angry and slightly shame-faced, Nico turned around, heading back to his locker to get it. He was a few feet away when he caught sight of a certain blond carefully picking up the beads in the hallway. It was that quiet blond from his Italian class. Nico skidded to a stop. "You…" The blond's head snapped up at his voice. Pale blue eyes widened in fear. Nico choked down on his anger. So this was the person who'd been giving him all those trinkets and charms? Did he realize Nico's sexuality during Italian class and decided to make fun of him? Did he want to show Nico he had leverage over him? Speechless with rage, the dark-haired teen turned back around and ran. Fuck that blond kid. Fuck him. Fuck everyone. Nico couldn't get the blond out of his head the whole day. The four objects he found were starting to mock him and he swore he'd throw away the other three once he got home. The dark-haired teen worked himself into such a fury that even Leo and Jason kept away from him. They kept shooting him worried looks though but in the end it was only Piper who managed to approach him despite the level of pissed off he was letting out. "Don't do anything stupid." Piper warned him. "You're overreacting. Even Jason and Leo agreed that maybe you got it wrong and-" "Shut up." Nico snapped, looking away, "Mind your own business." Piper sighed, "Nico-" "I said mind your own business." Piper pursed her lips and walked away. Nico cornered the blond in their empty Italian classroom. The blond had jumped when the door closed with a bang. His pale blue eyes widened when he saw who it was with him. "They say your name is Will Solace." Nico scowled at the blond who wasn't meeting his eyes. "Tell me, Solace, what does someone like you want with me?" The blond still wasn't meeting his eyes and it was starting to annoy Nico. "What? Did you find out I was gay and decided to send me those little… projects ?" Nico growled, "Wanted to play a prank?" The blond looked up, pale blue eyes wide and shook his head, lips pursed. "Were you mocking me?" Will shook his head, pale blue eyes narrowed, lips frowning. "Then you were making fun of me? Thought it'd make you popular if you were making fun of the emo kid? Laughing with everyone else behind my back?" Will was shaking his head so much, it was a shock that he wasn't dizzy yet. "Maybe your whole quiet thing is an act, trying to make me let my guard down." Nico's eyes narrowed when Will hesitated in shaking his head. The dark-haired teen walked forward and the blond plastered himself to the wall, trying to get away, "What the hell do you want from me? What did I ever do to you?" Will opened his mouth and closed it again. He cleared his