Author's notes: I have been gone awhile because our internet connection has been disconnected due to financial difficulties ): I only ever have time nowadays to search for stuff related to school, so writing has become a background thing because I only have enough time and money to do my school assignments and projects. I finally had the time to sneak out and post this. For bailci, I actually wrote this out already on your birthday, when I saw people greeting you in tumblr. I was going to post it the day after, but that was when the internet connection was, sadly, disconnected. Sorry for being late! Summary: How Will and Nico really got together. Or, the one where Will 'applies' for the position of ' being the exclusive boyfriend of (that hot piece of ass over there) Nico' . Single (and ready to mingle)! by LDJE "What are you doing?" Kayla asked, her hair braided on the side with a feather. She was copying Piper's style now, something about finding her own style by going through other people's styles or something- Will tries to listen to her (really he does), but then sometimes certain sons of Hades pass by windows and the blond couldn't be blamed for turning his attention to attractive and available demigods (instead of listening to weird self-discovery things his sister was spouting). But said son of Hades won't be available for long, if Will had anything to say (or do) about it. "I'm applying," Will said, writing gracefully on paper. He wasn't just the best medic in camp, he was also the best calligrapher too. Children of Aphrodite often come by to ask him to make love cards for them to send to their significant others or families. Hey, now that he thought about it, he could put under the 'Skills' category. He carefully wrote it under 'has healing powers that would put Rapunzel to shame'. "Oh, you're applying for a part time job at school or something?" Kayla asked in a bored tone, rifling through the papers on his desk because she was nosy like that. "No." Will said patiently, "I'm applying to be Nico's boyfriend of course." When he said Nico's name, he accidentally wrote hot piece of ass instead of the son of Hades' name. He carefully erased it. Thank goodness he was using pencil. There was sound of choking, spluttering, and crumpling paper before he felt his sister throw herself at his shoulder. He nearly ripped his application. "Hey!" " What? " Kayla yelled in his ear, making him flinch and turn to give her a frown of disapproval. She rolled her eyes at his expression. "You're doing what? " Will sighed and he got back to what he was doing as he said, "I'm applying to be Nico's boyfriend." " Why in Hades are you doing that?" "I think it's romantic!" Came Austin's voice from somewhere inside the cabin. "No one asked you, Austin!" Will and Kayla yelled back at the same time without looking back. "Okay, so tell me again why you thought applying to be Nico's boyfriend is a good idea?" Kayla leaned forward, reading what Will wrote over his shoulder (and rolling her eyes when she a saw what he wrote on status: 'single and ready to mingle'). "Macy said it's romantic. She's a daughter of Aphrodite so she knows what she's talking about." Will remarked still not looking up. "Uh, Macy's six ." Kayla explained, "I don't think you should be asking for dating advice from a six-year-old , Will." "She's a daughter of Aphrodite and she's smart for a six-year-old." Will stated, frowning, "Remember when she predicted Mark and Stephanie would break up? She clearly knows what she's doing and/or saying." Kayla pinched the bridge of her nose "That's because she saw Stephanie kissing someone else when she said that! And Macy was the one who tattled so of course they were going to break up!" Will gave Kayla the stink eye, and sometimes she is really amazed at how her usually calm and mature brother easily turns into a stubborn child whenever he is out of his depth. War against the Titans? Cool, calm, collected Will Solace to the rescue. War versus Kronos? Saving lives left and right, no-sweat Head of the Apollo cabin right there. War with Gaea? Will volunteers for stake out and confidently leads Lou Ellen and Cecil into the fray. Ask Nico out on a date? Beeeep. Oops, sorry, the usually calm, cool, collected Will Solace is out of coverage area, please try again later. "Look," Kayla placed a hand on his shoulder, "Can't you just, I don't know…" She shrugged, "Ask Nico out like a normal person?" Will let out a slow breath "I tried but- I don't think he really got the blatant staring or the following him everywhere-thing. I mean, it worked for Percy and Annabeth? Why is it so hard for him to get that I want to date him?" "Maybe you have to be more direct, maybe-" "You can't get any more direct than this." Will said, waving the application and well, yeah, he had a point there, but still- "Will-" "Anyway,what could possibly go wrong?" He shrugged, then he turned his puppy eyes dog at him when she didn't answer. "So, can you write me a letter of recommendation or something?" And Kayla, the gullible sister she is, did. Still didn't stop her instincts from telling her that this was maybe a bad idea. Will came back into the cabin covered in spaghetti that night. Kayla had gone to bed early, feeling sleepy and had woken up to her brother coming back in late. "Will?" Kayla sat up, rubbing her eyes. The thing about Apollo's cabin was that it was never dark enough to hide anything. She laughed when she took in Will's somber form. "Oh my gods, what happened?" "Nico got my application." Will said brushing off a stray chees on his shoulder and sighing. "Okay, I have every right to say this, so let me…" Kayla inhaled deeply and then let out a loud, "HA! I told you so!" Will pursed his lips and the humour Kayla found in the situation drained out in one snap. She reached out and dragged Will towards one of the sofas, knowing she'd have to clean it up later what with the sauce running down her brother's shirt. "What happened?" She asked, quietly. Will shook his head, bits of meat flying to the floor and some hitting her in the face, but she was polite enough not to mention it. "He, uh- got mad." His shoulders slumped, "He ripped it up and it sunk into the ground. He looked like he wanted to punch me so I had to- to go." Despite all the teasing she'd given him for the past few days, she knew how hard Will really worked on that 'application', as silly as it was. He wrote it carefully, ripping it whenever he made a mistake and he asked a few of their siblings for recommendation letters. Her blood boiled and she imagined shooting arrows at a certain son of Hades tomorrow. For now, she inhaled deeply, "There are better people for you out there, Will." Will smiled at her tiredly, "I don't want better people, though." He said, and that was most probably the most heart breaking thing Kayla had ever heard. Will got up and thanked her, kissing her forehead in goodnight. "Don't worry about the couch." Kayla said to her brother, "I got it." "Thanks." Will said, relieved as he headed to shower. But cleaning the couch wasn't the only thing on Kayla's mind that night. "So," Kayla said as she polished the tip of an arrow, "You had to know this was bound to happen." Nico shot her a glare from where he was tied to a tree, his back on an arrow target and an apple to his head. "I guess I should've expected it." He snarked. Austin shot Nico a glare back, his arms crossed. Justin was there too, lips pursed unhappily, and a few others. For the past few days, the mood in Apollo's cabin was tense, especially with Will going around, a lost look on his eyes. He shied away during sword practice activities, having Kayla lead the younger ones instead and he avoided going to the dining pavilion like a plague. When Apollo's children heard about the cause (courtesy of an annoyed and enraged Kayla), they all set out to confront the problem in sibling solidarity- -which was why Nico was tied to a tree with a target on his back and an apple on his head. "Look, we know that we can't force you like Will," Justin spoke, "I mean, it's your loss- Will's great, he's the greatest healer this camp has ever had-" "He's a great storyteller and singer!" "I like his smiles!" "He's funny and caring-" "Basically he's great." Justin summarized when Nico began to look pained at what they were saying, "And yeah, everyone can say no when they don't like someone-" "But you didn't have to say no the way you did!" Austin interrupted, "You didn't have to be cruel about it!" Nico pursed his lips. "What's cruel …" He spat with so much venom that a few of Apollo's children flinched back, "Is the fact that I'm tied up here because of something your brother did." "Hey!" One of the younger Apollo members cried out, "Sure, it was a bit silly, but Will really worked hard on it!" Nico rolled his eyes. Another of Apollo's children said, in a hurt tone, "He really liked you." At those words, Nico's expression faltered before hardening. "Well, it's his fault that I can barely stand to look at him, right? We would've been fine if he didn't pull that joke in the first place!" Kayla stepped up, a frown on her face, "Joke? That 'joke' meant a lot to Will!" "Hurting my feelings meant a lot to him?" "What in Hades are you talking about?" Kayla yelled, "My brother was trying to ask you out!" At those words, the angry look on Nico's face faltered, " What? " Austin huffed, "It might have seemed like a joke to you , but it meant a lot to Will. He'd been thinking about a way to ask you out for a month!" "Wha- bu-" "Sure, it seemed stupid and silly and a bunch of other things, but Will was serious." Kayla narrowed her eyes, "Did you even read it before you ripped it up into shreds?" Nico swallowed, "I thought-" He said softly, "I thought he was joking." Kayla let out a loud exhale, "Why, in Apollo's name, would you think that?" Nico looked down, a frown on his face, "I'm used to people making fun of me. And-" He swallowed, "Being what I am and from where- when I came from, I'm used to people hating for being Hades' son or-" "Or for being gay." Justin finished, "Okay, I sort of see where you're coming from." "At least he didn't punch Will." Another of Apollo's children chimed in and there was a general murmur of agreement. "I would've punched him…" Another whispered earning a smack from one of his siblings. "Look, we won't tell you that everyone in this camp accepts you but I can honestly say that everyone in our cabin accept and like you to a certain degree." Kayla said, "So does the whole Aphrodite cabin who's all about love and acceptance blah blah. A majority of the campers don't actually care and well, the small percentage left are blind, small-minded losers." She shrugged. Nico looked at them, surprise clear in his dark eyes and Kayla sighed again. "But you still hurt Will, even though you were only trying to protect yourself." Kayla continued, "We get that, we respect that. I mean Will, could have been more direct about it