Prompt for Day Two: Superheroes Author's notes I'm sorry I'm so slow at updating these prompt. I just want them to be drabbles but they expand to four thousand words and just go out of control. I'm sure everyone notices that I always, somehow, find a loophole around the prompts instead of going the obvious way XD Well it's because I want these to be unique. The Stolls are, sadly, only featured at the beginning. My Own Personal Superhero by Live Don't Just Exist "STOLLS!" A loud, angry shout echoed throughout the camp. Two guilty sons of Hermes flinched and exchanged nervous looks. The campers knew to give them a wide berth as the temperature suddenly dropped and the surroundings seems to darken. "Think we should run?" Travis whispered to his brother, Connor, nervously. Connor nodded hurriedly. As the two of them turned around to make a mad escape, a certain female demigod stepped forward and blocked their paths. Travis cursed and glared, as Katie stood in front of them, hands on her hips. "Oh no you don't." She said with a slight 'tut' that Travis did not find endearing at all. "Man up for a change, and face the consequences of whatever chaos you did this time." "How are you sure it's our fault?" Connor crossed his arms, "If only my brother didn't have a huge crush on you I'd-" But before Travis could tackle his traitorous brother to the ground and make up some crazy, wild story about Connor being a sad, attention-seeking liar, something cold and slick caught them by the ankles and made them freeze on the spot. The two sons of Hermes turned slowly and barely got a glimpse of shadows keeping their legs in place before they looked up at the livid face of a certain son of Hades. " What in Hades, " Nico wasn't shouting and his face was calm, but his eyes were narrowed and cold, "Did you do to Will Solace? " Both brothers, though they would deny it to their dying day, let out terrified squeaks. Travis raised his hands, "Look, di Angelo, it was just a prank-" "-a harmless prank! We swear! Just a tiny joke for laughs you know." Connor nodded hurriedly, "I mean, we do this with Will all the time. Prank war, son of Hermes and all that-" "Yeah, Will definitely understands-" "NOT AT THE MOMENT HE DOESN'T!" Nico suddenly yelled, making the two jump in surprise. The son of Hades tried to reign in his anger when he felt a certain someone tremble behind him. He breathed in deeply, "You went too far." He said, voice icy and scarily calm. "It wasn't on purpose!" Connor managed to stutter out. "It was the Hecate cabin's fault!" Travis said, waving his hands wildly. The children of Hecate who were watching, shot the two glares. "All we wanted was an innocent spell that would change Will's hair color!" Connor gulped, "We didn't know the spell would- would-" " Would turn him into a child? " Nico hissed and the murmuring from the demigods around them grew with interest. They just noticed that Nico was standing protectively in front of a someone small, hidden protectively by the darkness and shadows. Therefore, the child was hard to notice at first. The son of Hades felt the trembling behind him grow worse and he cursed under his breath, reaching behind him to pat his boyfriend-turned-child on the head. He felt Will cling tighter to him. "Did Will really turn into a kid?" A female voice interrupted them and Nico looked up to see Katie looking at the scene with interest. Nico had seen her block the Stolls from escaping, mentally, he commended her for a job well done. The son of Hades sighed and decided that maybe if everyone saw what he was talking about, the Apollo cabin can make a cure with the Hecate cabin and then this would be over with. He could deal with the Stolls later, what's important was that Will was safe- ish and comfortable. He had no idea how to take care of a child, his younger sibling was only Hazel, who could take care of herself and was not a child anymore. Katie probably knew how to take care of children, since she had a lot of younger siblings to take care of. "Yeah." "Can we see him?" She gestured to Nico's protective shadow cape. The son of Hades took in a deep breath, giving one last glare at the Stolls, before the temperature rose back to normal and the darkness around him receded. Without the darkness covering his back like a cape, everyone could see a little boy that seemed to be around five to seven years old. He was wearing blue medical scrubs that was too big for him and a stethoscope around his neck, which was dragging behind him. He had a head full of blond curls, his skin pale and soft looking. He had his face buried on Nico's side. A few girls cooed at the adorable child who held on tighter to Nico as though he wished he could bury himself there. Katie approached cautiously. "Will?" She called out uncertainly and Nico looked down to see the boy shake his head. Katie's voice softened into a tone she frequently used around her own little siblings, "Hey, it's okay, Will, it's me Katie. I'm a friend of Nico's. I'm your friend too." A pale blue eye peeked at the girl before Will trembled and buried himself back into Nico's side. Katie blinked in surprise, "He's surprisingly shy." She said to the son of Hades who grumbled. "I know ." Nico sighed in exasperation, "It took awhile for me to coax him to come with me." Katie hummed thoughtfully, "Yeah, but he seems to like you now, what did you do?" Nico's flushed and crossed his arms, "I showed him a trick with he shadows and he was impressed." The daughter of Demeter smiled teasingly, "I never thought I'd see the day, the son of Hades doing parlor tricks." Nico scowled. Will looked up at him with wide, blue eyes. " 'S Nico upset?" The blond asked, arms around the son of Hades tightening. The dark-haired teen blinked in surprise. "Uh, no, Will, I'm not upset. I'm okay." He immediately calmed the boy. "How about you? You doing okay down there?" Will leaned back just enough for Nico to see his face. He looked up and a shy smile graced his expression before nodding and then burying his face back into Nico's side. The son of Hades' face flushed. Gods, Will was a cute kid. Katie tried to hide her giggle by clearing her throat. Unfortunately, other demigods had no tact and were squealing over the cute display of Will and Nico. The son of Hades made his expression more menacing. He turned to glare at the gathering of Hecate's children, who shifted guiltily. "Right, antidote." One of them said, nodding vigorously, interpreting the glare. "We'll get Lou Ellen." And off they went. "I'll take Will to his siblings and see if there's any side effects from the magic." Katie offered when she saw Nico turn her glare back to the Stoll brothers, who knew better than to escape this time. "Meanwhile, you can deal with…" She gestured to the sons of Hermes who looked at her with betrayed eyes. "Just don't go overboard." As a confused Will was gently dragged back to his cabin, making soft inquiring noises asking why Nico wasn't coming with them, Nico turned to look at the Stoll brothers, a dangerous glint in his eyes. "Now, where were we?" The son of Hades said as the temperature dropped again. The campers tried not to be bothered by the sounds of squeaking and pig squealing from their direction. (Pig balls, thanks Hecate cabin) A few days had passed since the whole Stoll debacle and Will was still the same five-to-seven-year-old from a prank-gone-wrong. In those few days, the surprisingly shy blond kid had managed to worm himself into everyone's hearts, demigods, naiads, dryads, immortals, and even Mr. D, alike. There was just something endearing about watching Will dressed up in small sized medical scrubs, dragging a blue blanket, hugging a bee stuffed animal, around the camp while his blond curls bounced and his pale blue eyes twinkled under the sun. Not everyone was happy about the new adorable addition to camp being the center of attention, though. Nico scowled and crossed his arms when another Aphrodite teen kneeled and gave an oblivious child Will a kiss on the cheek. The blond gave her a shy, uncertain smile, probably wondering why everyone kept giving him kisses. "Hey, lose the glare." Cecil nudged the son of Hades on the side, "Don't want you scaring Will when he eventually comes over, right?" The son of Hades glared at the other before breathing in deeply and sighing, "Right." He said bitterly. Cecil gave him an amused look, "I don't know if it's cute, or creepy, that you're being jealous over a kid. You know you're still Will's favorite right?" The dark-haired teen scoffed, "Yeah, right." He said, sarcasm dripping with his words. "Malcolm knitted Will that bee stuffed toy, he likes taking naps with Jake Mason, and he and Percy like playing around with fake swords all day. They could be Will's favorites, not me." He shook his head, "I hardly spend any time with him and I have regressed to watching him from the shadows like a creepy stalker." " Which he would be flattered to learn… once he's back to normal." Cecil said, trying to cheer him up. Nico gave him a glare and the son of Hermes' sighed. He placed an arm around the son of Hades' shoulders which Nico begrudgingly allowed (he remembered Will telling him to be more open to people and not to flinch away from a friendly touch). "Look, everything's fine. Will's a kid, I know, but so what? You get to know him even better and you can lord this over him when he gets back. Think of the blackmail material." He said with an evil cackle. Nico shot the other a look but he couldn't help the smile on his face as he shook his head. "Gods, help me, but you may have a point." He played along. Cecil nodded sagely, "Exac- ow!" Nico jumped at Cecil's sudden grunt of pain. Cecil's arm retracted and they looked down to see what that was about. They met annoyed, pale blue eyes. Nico blinked. "Will?" The son of Hades kneeled down as Cecil kept muttering and rubbing at his kicked leg. "Something wrong?" Will's cheeks were puffed up in annoyance but his face was red from embarrassment as well, as though he was embarrassed for his behavior of kicking Cecil. "You okay?" Nico tried again, mentally cursing himself for not being good with children. At the question, Will became shy again and he looked down, hands clasped together. " 'S nothing." He mumbled, face getting redder. " 'M sorry for kicking your friend." The son of Hades blinked and placed an uncertain touch to the small shoulders, "I think you should apologize to Cecil, not me." He said slowly, "And besides, he's not just my friend, he's yours too." Pale blue eyes peeked at him through blond curls, "He is?" "Yeah," Nico said and he nudged the standing Cecil's leg, "Right, Cecil?" He asked loudly. The son of Hermes jumped back automatically at Nico's nudge. "He kicked me!" "He's a kid." Nico argued back, "And he's still Will, just... younger. Maybe he got annoyed by your face or something, it happens sometimes." "Or maybe it's because I was taking his favorite person's attention away from him." Cecil grumbled to himself. "What?" "Nothing!" Cecil kneeled down beside Nico and gave Will a large smile. "Hey little buddy," He said to the shy boy, "Look,