Title: I'll Stay With You Summary: Hardly anything changed in the Fields of Asphodel, spirits would wander and scream and try to remember who they were. No one ever got out, no one ever remembered. And everything remained the same, everything was darkness and solitude, until a boy with dark hair and sad eyes came… and stayed. A small interruption, eyes here please: I'm sorry guys. I'm really sorry (why am I apologizing? You'll find out soon). Also, the quote below was taken from Hazel and Frank's conversation when they saw Hazel's past in the Fields before Nico came to get her out. Chapter I " What happens now? "Nothing, nothing… for all eternity." .I. He learned not to question why he was here, he realized that if he asked, he'd keep asking and probably end up as insane and lost as the other spirits that passed by him. He tried not to think back to the before , it was by thinking about before that made these souls restless and wander for a way out. He knew there was no way out. So he trudged on. He walked and looked around and saw faces upon faces that made no sense that expressed different stages of agitation and grief and loss of hope. There probably was a time that it used to get to him but then he realized he was just like them and since he did not pity himself, he learned not to pity them. Even if there was a time he pitied himself, he didn't remember. .II. He didn't know why he didn't talk. He knew that the others like him could talk. He heard their endless whispers, their desperate questions… Who am I? Where am I? What am I doing here? And he had the same questions, only he tried not to think about it and tried not to voice it out loud. Not saying anything eased a coiled emotion in his heart, an emotion he probably lost the name for a long time ago. He didn't know why he didn't talk. Probably, once upon a time, he did know but just forgot. Like how he forgot his name, his face, before . He at least remembered that he forgot a lot of things. .III. Something changed in the Fields of Asphodel one day. An insignificant day like every other thousands, hundreds, or maybe million days he'd spent walking and walking, not knowing where he was headed. It was an insignificant day, but something changed. A teen or a man (he couldn't distinguish one over the other anymore, he didn't know what made a person a man or a child) walked among the Fields of Asphodel, his hair and eyes as dark as shadows, he wore a dark overcoat, a sword on his side. He walked like a warrior, a soldier who has had enough of wars, his shoulders heavy with an unseen burden. The confused spirits made way for him, eyed him hungrily. They knew, as he did, that the teen (a man?) was not one of them, that he was different. Shadows clung to his form, serving as a barrier from the hungry spirits. The teen (or man) stopped in front of him, he looked younger than he thought but his eyes were older, sadder, for a person who did not dwell in Asphodel. The spirits all around kneeled and he knew that it was not to their liking. There was just something about this person, a power that demanded respect. He was about to kneel too but the person dressed in shadows reached out a hand and held his face (he forgot he had a face, that he even had a form, but this dark person must be doing something, because he could feel his soft touch even through his glove). "I'm sorry I took awhile," He said, "But I'm here now." His words did not make sense, not in the Fields where everything was a question that would never be answered. But the teen's words soothed him and despite the never-ending coldness of the Fields, he felt warm. He wondered if someone ever held him like this before. .IV. "Nico." The teen had said this was his name, but the tone was weary. He probably told him his name a dozen times, a hundred, but it was of no use. He could never remember especially when the dark teen- Nico, he told himself- left. The Fields of Asphodel erased everything: your past, your identity, your soul. He wondered why the dark one continued to tell him his name. Nico had probably come to him a dozen, a hundred, a thousand times, but he could never remember anything from before today, before walking, and searching, and asking himself who he was, where he was, why he was here. But he knew that Nico had become a constant in the Field, the lone prince of darkness that walked through a thousand spirits, looking for him . He wanted to ask him why, but maybe he'd forgotten how to talk, just like how he'd forgotten why he didn't talk. So, he didn't say a word and just looked at this impossibility he'd forgotten until he'd come back to remind him that he was here. That he was always here, that he will always be here. He had the urge to ask why. But he didn't. And later, when Nico would leave again, he would forget. .V. "You're different from them." Nico told him one time (or maybe a dozen times, he forgets, he always forgets). He would reach out with his darkly gloved hand and take the hands he didn't know (he forgot) he had, until that moment. "Do you know what you look like?" He blinked and shook his head. He didn't even know he looked like anything. Everyone in the Field looked the same. Faceless spirits with lost looks on their faces. Nico's thumb drew circles on his palm and he watched for awhile before looking up at pained dark eyes. Did the pain have something to do with him? Did he cause that pain? Why does Nico keep looking for him when all it caused him was grief? "You have blonde hair, as bright as the sun." Nico said and he intertwined their fingers, ghostly and mist-like against black leather. "Your eyes are as clear as the cloudless sky, did you know?" No, he didn't. He'd forgotten. So he shook his head and Nico's grip on his hand tightened. The impossibly dark eyes dimmed and he bowed his head, shoulders shaking. He said one word, one word that seemed impossibly familiar in this atmosphere of forgetting and losing yourself. "Will." .VI. He couldn't remember a time when the impossible, dark-clothed teen didn't come. To him, there was no before the prince of darkness, even if there was, he didn't remember. He wouldn't want to, even if he tried. "Nico." The prince of the dark would tell him once he'd come to view. He guessed it probably became a greeting for them, since he'd always forget who the prince was and only remembered when he would come. "How are you doing today?" Maybe if he'd remember emotions or how to use his facial expressions, he'd give him an exasperated or incredulous look. Nico knew nothing ever changed in Asphodel. Nico gave him a small smile, as though he'd read what he'd thought despite his probably blank face. "It's pleasantries. There's this thing called manners in the mortal world." There was a mortal world. Something beyond this endless field of walking and asking yourself what you've forgotten, who you've forgotten, why you've forgotten. But instead of asking himself if he'd once been part of that, if he'd once had an identity other than the spirit who walked among spirits, he asked himself instead why Nico was here. Why was he in the Fields of people who always forgot and who knew nothing about themselves and each other? Why was he not somewhere that was not here ? But Nico could not read minds, so he sat down on the field of endless footprints made by spirits who tried to go to the end of the Fields of Asphodel. The prince looked up at him and gave him a small smile that was both sad and tired. He felt an unexpected tug at his chest. .VII. A woman (he presumed it to be a woman, he'd like to think he didn't forget to distinguish between genders at the very least, like how he knew he was a he and that the dark prince was a he ), with hair like brown earth and gold dust, appeared before him instead of the dark-haired prince he was used to. Another anomaly in the Fields, and it all seemed to be happening to him. Her face was kind and warm, golden eyes standing out in her features and there was something familiar in them, something about her that was like the dark-haired prince that visited. She was older than the dark-haired teen, but the prince's eyes were sadder and so much older than hers. The spirits all around paused, staring at her as though she was the answer to all their questions. "My name is Hazel Levesque." She said in a kind voice, again, different from the prince. "I am the daughter of Pluto. Pluto is the one who looks over everything in the Underworld. I'm Nico's sister." Nico. He remembered again the prince's name. Still, he didn't know why she was speaking to him. In this field of a million spirits, he was nothing special. The woman smiled as though she'd read his thoughts and she reached forward to take his hands. They were warm, warmer than Nico's but they didn't make him remember that he had a form, that he was once alive. Hazel's eyes were sad now, like molten gold as she stared into his eyes, "I'm Nico's younger sister." In his nearly ghost-like form, he didn't think it was possible to freeze, but he stilled, and he knew that if he remembered how to, he would have looked at her with surprise. Nico's younger sister and Nico was younger than a man and this woman was clearly older. But she was his younger sister . The woman ( Hazel , he firmly told his mind) blinked back tears from her eyes, "Do you understand, Will?" He understood, he knew very well what she was trying to tell him, but it didn't make sense and in the end, it wouldn't matter. Because later, he would forget. Regardless, Hazel went on, brushing a stray tear from her face as he looked right at him, eyes so, so sad. Too sad for a person who did not dwell in Asphodel. "He gave up everything for you." .VIII. The dark prince stumbled towards him, appearing in shadows, expression worn and tired. "I'm Nico." The prince introduced himself as always when he found him. He stared into sad, dark eyes, gloved hands taking his ghost-like hands. There was an undercurrent of something that resembled electricity there. It was familiar. But nothing should be familiar. He looked at the gloved-hands, curling his own against the other's. Nico blinked at him and asked, "Did something happen?" I don't know. He'd like to say, because even if something did happen, he wouldn't remember. For the first time he felt something in his chest coil. He realized it was frustration. His agitation was new to him and it came off him in waves that had Nico stepping closer to him, forehead crinkled in worry. "What's wrong?" Nico had asked but he should know what's wrong and he shouldn't be asking someone who'd forgotten everything, even his own identity. "Will…" And it was that name again. That name that was familiar but was something he'd never heard before now (or if he had heard before, then he'd forgotten it like everything else). Was that