Author's notes: This was for the SolAngelo anthology but they haven't posted it yet so I'm posting it up. L'angelo Sel Sole Della Mia Vita by Live Don't Just Exist The thing about being a fourth year medical student dating an independent artist, was that, despite renting out a flat and a small studio together, Nico and Will rarely got to see each other. Still, though, Will always made an effort to make it work between them. Nico was important to him, he loved him, permanent emo-phase, stunted communication and all. He'd figured it out, around their second year anniversary, that Nico was maybe, probably , The One for him, that this relationship was it for him. And he knew that some people still doubted them lasting, the few who found out that they were nearly on their five year anniversary were always surprised, and he really couldn't blame them for that, since he and Nico were as different as day and night. But that was exactly what made them work , the fact that they filled up the missing spaces in each other. And they weren't really all that different, on the outside maybe, yeah, on the personality more so. But when it comes to favorite television shows and movies, they connected in a level other people couldn't. They could also talk to each other about their respective classes and jobs, Nico had some interest on Will's studies, especially on human anatomy for his art, and Will loved it when his boyfriend got into rants about the best quality of paints to be bought at a cheap price and whether charcoal was better than water color and why. No else understood how they worked, but what was important was that they did . At least, they did before . Will pursed his lips as he poked at a stray pea on his plate. He looked up at the kitchen digital clock, sighing internally when the digits flashed a big red 11:23 pm at him. He'd been home for several hours now, excusing himself earlier from his internship just so he could spend the day with Nico. They hadn't sat down on a meal together for two weeks and Will missed it. Missed him . But to Will's surprise, Nico wasn't in their flat, nor was he in his studio, which was where he'd been cooped up in for the past two weeks, busy for his upcoming gallery. The blond had tried to call his boyfriend, to let him know he was home, but it all went straight to voice mail and his texts remained unanswered. Will's shoulders slumped in defeat when the digital clock beeped to midnight. He could only play with his food for so long. He stood up and cleaned up his dishes, putting Nico's unused one back in the cabinet while placing his own in the dishwasher. He carefully wrapped the remaining food in foil and stuck it into fridge, writing on the notepad pinned to the fridge door about 'heating up dinner' and forgoing his usual smiley face sign. He headed to their room, to crawl dejectedly into their bed. Alone. "Sorry." A voice murmured when Will was jostled on his side of the bed. The blond blinked sleepily and watched in a surprised daze as Nico crawled under the blankets. Over his boyfriend's shoulder, the red digits of 3:04 am mocked him. Will's arms twitched with the need to reach out and hold the other close- but he knew how Nico hated cuddling when he was tired, feeling that it was too constricting. Will had to wait for a few hours after Nico was asleep before he could drag him in his arms and never let go. It didn't count as cuddling if his boyfriend was unconscious. Will flinched when he felt Nico's cold fingers trail down his cheek fondly. Blue eyes met dark ones and Nico smiled at him tiredly, "Sorry for waking you.' He whispered and Will felt his heart ache in fondness, "Have you been home for long?" Oh right, Nico didn't know that he took an early day off. Will shook his head, "No." He lied and smiled with a touch of sadness, "Not long at all." The answering smile on Nico's face was worth the hours of waiting alone on their kitchen table with a plate of too cold peas. In the coming days though, the distance and absences just got worse. When Will woke up, Nico was usually still asleep or sometimes not even there anymore, since he had to rush some of his paintings, what with the gallery opening only a few weeks away. Every time Will came back to their flat, Nico was almost always never there. Usually he'd be in his studio, refusing anyone inside, so the blond had to leave his dinner outside, or else Nico'd be at some fancy meeting at the next town over with his promoters and a few of his father's artist friends. Nico never really fancied socializing but he knew how important it was for his exhibition, so he put up with it anyway. Will had to put up with it too. The blond didn't think it could get any worse, but of course, it did. "This is Percy Jackson." Nico introduced a handsome dark-haired, green-eyed young man to Will during one rare time that Nico was in their flat before Will. "He's the agent who made my exhibition possible." There was a small, rare smile on Nico's face that made something cold drop into Will's stomach. Percy laughed. He had a nice laugh , Will thought distantly as he automatically shook the other's hand. His hand felt clammy and small in Percy's strong, firm grip. "Nah, it's all on Nico. Kid's got talent." He placed an arm around the brunet who huffed in annoyance but didn't shrug off the contact. The sinking feeling didn't leave him for the rest of the day. "You don't look good." Cecil bumped Will's shoulder as they made their way to the hospital's stock room to do inventory. The blond stumbled a bit but he gave his best friend a small smile. "If I look bad, you should see Nico." Will joked, but it was half-hearted at best. Cecil noticed, "He has these dark circles under his eyes that makes you wonder if he's wearing eyeliner or not." Cecil looked like he wanted to ask if his unspoken trouble had something to do with Nico but Will just shook his head. Being the good friend that he is, the younger man rolled his eyes and asked instead, "So, how's Nico's gallery exhibition coming along?" Will wondered if maybe it was better if Cecil asked his first question instead. Nico hadn't come to bed for the past three nights. When Will came out in the morning, there would be a tell-tale mess on the sofa that showed that Nico had been sleeping there for the past few nights instead of beside him. Even though Nico claimed to be doing it only because he was too tired to crawl back to their bed, which was twice as far as the sofa; the heavy, cold feeling in his stomach had become a constant companion to him now. Still, Will had exams to worry about and he had to take care of Nico, even if they hadn't really been acting like they're in a relationship for a while now. His boyfriend was spending more time with Percy than with him- but of course, that probably didn't mean anything. He trusts Nico, he loves him. He knows Nico would tell him if he decided he liked someone else now. (An indignant laugh by the living room made Will look up from his Biology notes. Nico was shaking his head at whatever Percy was telling him with an amused twinkle in his eyes. Percy was making crazy hand gestures, laughing at the other.) Still, it didn't make it hurt any less or make his worry disappear. "You're tired." Came a surprised voice in front of Will. The blond jerked back, caught off guard. He blinked several times before his eyes finally focused on Nico. He'd been reading his notes, losing focus on his surroundings, that he hadn't even noticed that Nico came out of his studio to get himself some dinner, which Will forgot to leave outside of his studio floor. The blond jumped up, eyes snapping to the digital clock, "Oh crap, it's that late?" He ran a shaking and through his hair, "I'm sorry Nico, I should've brought you dinner an hour ago, I was just-" "Will…" Nico put down his coffee mug, a frown on his face, as he stepped closer to the blond. "You look tired." Will laughed nervously, moving back a bit at Nico's approach. "Yeah, you already said that." "And I didn't notice." His boyfriend said with a frown. He looked tired too, having been working over his gallery for the past few months. Will's stomach churned in guilt, he should have taken better care of Nico. What if he collapsed because Will forgot to remind him to eat now and then? He was the worst boyfriend ever. "It's fine, it's just the exams." Will assured him, shrugging off his concern before moving over to the fridge to warm up some leftover sandwiches he made during lunch. "Just sit back for a minute, okay? I'll have dinner microwaved in a few minutes. Sorry, I couldn't make anything better." Nico frowned at him but sat down obediently. His dark eyes followed the blond around the kitchen, "You're never usually this tired over an exam." Will refused to turn around as he answered, "Well, things have been a bit hectic lately, I've been losing focus so I'm not doing as well as I hoped in my classes. Which is why I'm working thrice as hard in studying, that's all. Once I ace my test, I'm taking a long weekend off." Nico didn't say anything but his eyes followed Will the whole time, even when the blond finished reheating the sandwiches and retreated back to their- his bedroom. "You're going to break down at this rate." Lou Ellen scolded him when she found him asleep at the EXIT stairwell of the hospital, a heavy volume on the nervous system on his lap as he dozed by the wall. "I'll be fine." He grumbled. A sad look came over her face as she kneeled next to the worn blond, "What's wrong, Will?" The blond just shook his head. "Nothing's wrong." Everything. Everything was wrong. His studying wasn't doing him any good, whenever he'd quiz himself, he'd blank out, so in recompense he'd study even more, foregoing breakfast and a few times, dinner. He'd been sleeping alone in their bed for weeks now, no warm body to keep him grounded through the night and his sleep suffers for it. And Nico had completely made himself scarce, what with his exhibition only two days away. The only tell-tale hints that he still lived in their flat was the occasional dirty plate in the sink whenever Will forgot to bring him dinner or breakfast. It made Will feel horrible. It made him doubt himself. On the rare few times that he'd see Nico and been given a too-quick kiss from his artist boyfriend (he'd given up on starting affections around the second week when Nico threw paint at him from his distractions), Will would reach out and pull Nico close, even if only for a few seconds. He was afraid of letting him go. The day of the exhibition finally came. A day after Will's exams. Still, despite his worry on his results, this was Nico's big day and the blond shoved his worries away for the day, determined to be by his boyfriend's side for something this important. At least that was his initial plan, but contrary to his belief, it was actually Percy who was by Nico's side