Title: Loving You 'Til It Hurts Summary: Loving Nico di Angelo is like letting werewolf scratches heal… It's a gradual, painful process that often leaves scars. Author's notes: These are the missing scenes before HOO, how Will fell for Nico, how he and Clarisse became friends, why he was so hurt at the thought of Nico leaving, why he always has a faraway look in his eyes, etc. " They say love is blind and sometimes I'm inclined to agree… Because often the people who are in love fail to see, Someone else looking at them in the same degree." By Live Don't Just Exist (All quotes and the story idea o_o) Will Solace was never lucky when it came to liking someone, or even loving someone. When he was seven he realized that his best friend Tom was as cute as the class' crush Lucy, he didn't think anything was strange about that until he tried to kiss Tom and was smacked on the face. He lost his friend and was bullied by majority of his classmates, his mom had to transfer them to a different town after that incident. Thankfully, his mom assured him that liking both girls and guys was okay and proceeded to traumatize him with her own escapades as a youth, his dad was just as bad, visiting him in a dream and proceeding to show him about that one time with Hyacinthus where he- Long story short, Will was comfortable and confident with his sexuality because the two most important people to him had accepted him for who he was. That didn't mean that his life was any easier or that his love life was suddenly interesting or anything. In fact, every time he started liking someone, that person either had someone else or didn't understand bisexuality. But he didn't realize how unlucky he was in the romance department until he met Nico. The new demigod brought in by Percy Jackson and escorted to camp personally by his dad was a cheerful Italian kid who asked a lot of questions and was obsessed with a certain card game. Maybe it was because of his cheerful disposition or the way he found everything about being a demigod cool, Will found himself drawn to him. "I'm Will Solace, son of Apollo." The blond of eleven years old introduced himself to the new camper who grinned at him. "I met your dad!" Nico had told him excitedly, "He has a great car, it looks nothing like the sun except that it's very bright." They've only talked for a few times, what with Will being given frequent shifts at the infirmary (despite being so young) and Nico flitting around the camp like a little adventurer and asking every demigod he came across on about Percy and the Greek gods. It wasn't hard to see that the newest camper had a little hero-worship going on when it came to the son of Poseidon. Of course, this only made Will more determined to befriend Nico. He'd heard from one of the campers that he was a fan of some card game called 'Mythomagic', the son of Apollo was determined to learn it too so that the next time he was free, maybe he could ask Nico for a match. When he finally got a hang of the game, the first thing Will did was look for Nico. He was walking around camp when he noticed the campers gathered around something. He walked up to them and peeked through the gaps left by the older campers and saw an impressive crack on the ground. "Nico did this?" The name of the new camper made Will turn around. He saw Annabeth talking quietly with a serious-looking Percy. The son of Poseidon nodded, lips pursed. Unable to help himself, Will walked up to them. "I'm sorry did you say Nico? As in Nico di Angelo?" Will interrupted as the two older campers looked at him. "Did something happen? Is he alright?" Ananbeth gave Will a raised eyebrow look to which the son of Apollo ignored. Percy was looking anywhere but at him. "Percy?" "He ran away…" The green-eyed boy finally admitted with a defeated tone, shoulders slumped. Annabeth immediately placed a hand on Percy's shoulder, "His sister… Bianca, she didn't make it from the quest, I-" He let out a breath, "I-I failed him." Will knew he should've said something, comforted Percy, told him that it wasn't his fault or that it happened sometimes. But Will was already turning around, running off to gods-know-where. Annabeth was there anyway, she'd comfort him for Will. Besides he was too busy thinking about bright grins and frequent questions, about a small boy with dark hair and pale skin who idolized Percy and loved his sister more than anything else in the world. Will couldn't stop shaking. The following year after the incident and the surprising revelation that Nico and Bianca di Angelo were children of Hades, Will still couldn't forget that cheerful kid who looked up to Percy and played mythomagic like a religion. The rest of the camp speculated about Kronos' plans for the children of the Big Three, minus Thalia who had become an immortal huntress, and how Nico would play his part in this war but all Will could think about was where Nico possibly could be, whether he was eating well or where he was sleeping and if he had someone with him. He thought about the son of Hades so much that he found himself zoning out more often than not. "No matter how good you are at healing, I don't think you should be zoning out when making ambrosia." Michael interrupted his thoughts during his shift. "Michael," He nodded respectfully at the Apollo cabin head counselor. Michael Yew snorted and ruffled his hair, "Thinking about Nico again?" Michael and Lee were the only ones who knew about his constant worry about the son of Hades. They never did get why Will was always worrying about him when they barely even talked before but they didn't judge him for it. With Lee gone, Michael was the only one he could talk to about Nico without being judged. Will nodded quietly as he looked down at the inventory list by the table, "I just- I heard from Percy that he met Nico at the labyrinth and I- I mean, if Nico's forgiven Percy then why didn't he come back with him?" "Well," Michael sat beside him, "Maybe he had something else to do or maybe his dad needed him for something, who knows." "He should have come back here." Will said stubbornly, "He belongs here in camp with the other demigods, he shouldn't be out there travelling by himself." Michael gave his brother a searching look that made the younger one squirm, "Will, about Nico… do you-?" "No." Will said automatically, avoiding his brother's eyes. Michael raised an eyebrow in his direction, "You don't even know what I was going to ask yet." The blonde rolled his eyes, "Michael…" His older brother let out a small chuckle, "Right, right… seriously though, do you ? You know, like him like that?" Will looked at his brother, "No…" At Michael's skeptical look, he sighed, "I don't know. I just worry about him, that's all." His older brother shot him a smile and patted his shoulder, "Well, that di Angelo is one lucky guy to have someone like you worrying about him." He stood up, "I have to go to a counselor's meeting, want me to send Justin over to help you?" "Nah, I'm fine. I'm almost finished anyway." "Okay," Michael made his way outside but then he paused by the entrance, surveying his brother going over the nectar's ingredients this time. "Hey, Will?" Will looked up, "Hm?" "Promise me something." His brother said seriously, "When you survive this war, you'll go talk to that Nico kid, alright? Tell him all the things you've been telling Lee and I, about how he should look after himself and how he's welcome at camp." Will watched him, wide-eyed. "Wha- Why would I-? You're joking!" "Hey, I'm serious." Michael said with a serious expression on his face to prove his point, "Just promise me, okay? Cabin counselor's orders." Will blinked at him before nodding slowly. "Good. I'll see you later at dinner." Michael waved before leaving. It was only ten minutes later that Will realized what Michael said. When you survive this war… When Michael died, everything around Will was nothing more than white noise. He was only able to hear Kayla's choked words, "Y-You're next in command if something ever happened to M-Michael," A sob broke free from her, "Will, it's your call now." His awareness of the world shut down. He wanted to scream, he wanted to yell at everyone and tell them that he's not the right choice. He wasn't as good as Michael with the bow, Lee was a better singer than him, Justin was good at making haikus, and Austin was more prophetic than any of them combined- I'm just a healer. He wanted to say, If something happens to you, if someone attacks you, I can't protect you. But his siblings were looking at him with tears in their eyes, all of their hands were holding his now. In the white noise, their fear and grief penetrated, their hands were shaking and cold. Will realized he wasn't the only one who was sad, he wasn't the only one who was scared. He tightened his hands around theirs in reassurance. "We need more people here, call back any of the available healers, I want the archers to fall back to the Empire State Building, Percy said it would the final standoff." Will said as he turned back to look at the injured demigods, "We'll honor Michael after this war's been won!" The cheer of the Apollo cabin was more subdued than usual and Will went back to healing as much people as he could. His body was on autopilot, ignoring his fatigue and how pale he looked when he passed by a reflective surface. Whenever someone needed a mobile healer to go to a demigod that couldn't be moved, he'd be the one to go with them. He helped in fighting as much as he could, sending a short prayer to his father to make his archery aim strong and true. He didn't know if Apollo had heard him or if his mind was so focused on destroying the monsters that killed his brother and who knows how many more of his siblings… but not once did Will miss a target that day. When Nico came in with overwhelming reinforcements, Will had to stop and stare. The lord of the Dead coming to help his siblings and his siblings' children (whom he despised) was something no one ever expected. Nonetheless, the camp was grateful for the help if their cheers were any indication. Around him, Will's siblings were letting out cries of relief, hugging each other. No one knew how Nico convinced the most stubborn god of all to fight for them but he did it . "H-He's something else." Kayla cried into his shoulder and Will placed an arm around her, trying to squash down the sudden urge to run up to Nico and hug him for saving them again . His heart swelled with a strange emotion. "Yeah." Was all Will said as he closed his eyes. The end of the war was a bittersweet affair. They had lost so many people and a few were still struggling with their lives in the infirmary, it had been a nightmare week for the Apollo cabin who were in charge of taking care of the injured. Every time they lost a camper, Will felt a part of himself break a little more. What was the point of only being a healer if he couldn't even save everyone? Something warm was pressed to Will's