Title: The Lost Son of Hades/ The Lost Angel Summary: Instead of Percy, Nico gets taken by Hera for her 'exchange program' between the Romans and Greeks. A certain son of Apollo isn't happy about that. Author's notes: This story was edited to include more expressions and hand gestures, it's like a mixture of Mr. Rick's work and my meddling. Don't own anything, credits to Rick Riordan, this is a flip story where Nico was the one taken. It's in two parts, first part on Will's view and the last part on Nico and their eventual meeting. The Lost Angel by LDJE I. Meeting Leo, Piper, and Jason " Ohhh-kay, " Leo interrupted. "Look up there and tell me if those are flying horses." He pointed at the sky. At first Jason thought Leo had hit his head too hard. Then he saw a dark shape descending from the east—too slow for a plane, too large for a bird. As it got closer he could see a pair of winged animals—gray, four-legged, exactly like horses—except each one had a twenty-foot wingspan. And they were pulling a brightly painted box with two wheels: a chariot. "Reinforcements," Jason said. "Hedge told me an extraction squad was coming for us." "Extraction squad?" Leo struggled to his feet, shaking his head lightly. "That sounds painful." "And where are they extracting us to?" Piper asked, her eyes flashing warily. Jason watched as the chariot landed on the far end of the skywalk. The flying horses tucked in their wings and cantered nervously across the glass, as if they sensed it was near breaking. Three teenagers stood in the chariot—a blond boy about his height only slightly taller than Jason, a tall blond girl maybe a little older than him, and a bulky dude with a shaved head and a face like a pile of bricks. The girl and the bulky dude wore jeans and orange T-shirts while the blonde boy wore light brown cargo pants and flip-flops, with shields tossed over their backs. The blond boy leaped off before the chariot had even finished moving, the blonde girl following after him. She pulled out a knife as the boy in cargo pants ran toward Jason's group while the bulky dude was reining in the horses. "Where is he?" The blond boy, although from afar and from his clothes looked easygoing, had startling pale blue eyes that narrowed at them, a displeased frown on his face. The girl placed a hand on his shoulder, her gray eyes were fierce and calculating. "Where's who?" Jason asked warily. He'd learned a long time ago (though he didn't remember when or where) that it was the easygoing-looking people who were scarier to anger than anyone else. The blond guy with pale blue eyes frowned and turned to Leo and Piper, like his statement was enough to tell him he'd be useless in this conversation. But before he could open his mouth to prod them too, the blond girl cut him off. "What about Gleeson? Where is your protector, Gleeson Hedge?" The coach's first name was Gleeson? Jason might've laughed if the morning hadn't been quite so weird and scary. Gleeson Hedge: football coach, goat man, protector of demigods. Sure. Why not? Leo cleared his throat. "He got taken by some… tornado things." He did crazy gestures with his hands. The girl looked at him, unimpressed. "Venti," Jason said to everyone (and his) surprise. "Storm spirits." The blond girl arched an eyebrow. "You mean anemoi thuellai ? That's the Greek term. Who are you, and what happened?" Jason did his best to explain, though it was hard to meet those intense gray eyes and to ignore the pale blue ones giving him an accusing stare. About halfway through the story, the other guy from the chariot came over. He stood there glaring at them, his arms crossed. He had a tattoo of a rainbow on his biceps, which seemed a little unusual. Where did these people come from? And why did the three of them like glaring at him so much? When Jason had finished his story, the blond girl had a contemplative look on her face while the blond boy next to her just seemed unsatisfied, though his pale blue eyes were more than a little worried. The blue-eyed blond turned to his girl companion. "Dad told me he would be here, Annabeth." He seemed to be gritting his teeth. Leo was about to open his mouth and say something about gritting being bad for your teeth, but Piper, thankfully, stepped on his foot. "Dad told me that if I came here, I'd find the answer ." "He said, you find the answer , Will." The girl- Annabeth, Jason's mind helpfully supplied- pointed out, "Your dad didn't exactly say you'd find him here." "Annabeth, Will." The bald guy grunted. "Check it out." He pointed at Jason's feet. Jason hadn't thought much about it, but he was still missing his left shoe, which had been blown off by the lightning. His bare foot felt okay, but it looked like a lump of charcoal. He looked down at it quickly before giving the three newcomers nervous looks. They weren't going to scold him for just missing a shoe, right? "The guy with one shoe," said the bald dude. "He's the answer ." "No, Butch." The blond boy, called Will, said, "He can't be. I probably just got another one of my dad's confusing haikus or prophecies wrong." He ran a frustrated hand through his hair and sighed, "I'm heading back to the chariot." He said before walking off. Piper, Leo, and Jason exchanged looks, unsure of how to take that. Were they going to leave them here in peace? What about Jason's missing memories? The skywalk shuddered, and the horses whinnied urgently. "Annabeth," Said the bald dude, Butch, as he turned to the blonde girl. "We gotta leave. Let's get these three to camp and figure it out there. Those storm spirits might come back." She looked at each one of them for a moment, her eyes lingering on Jason's bare foot. "Fine." She straightened. "We'll get answers from you later, come with us." She waited for the three of them to start walking before she and Butch flanked their sides. Piper looked at Will twiddling with the chariot ahead. She shook her head and turned to Annabeth. For some reason, she wasn't as intimidated by her as Jason. "What's his problem? What's going on?" "Seriously," Leo agreed. "You have to excuse him," Butch answered for them. "Will's usually not like that. It's usually-" But then he cut himself off and shook his head. "I have a feeling he doesn't like me much." Jason gestured towards the other blonde uncertainly. Annabeth shrugged. "Will's okay. Better than okay. He's almost like literal sunshine back in our camp. I mean, he's friendly and responsible and kind, he's a good healer too. Everyone likes him. He's easy to like." "Uh, are you sure we're talking about the same guy?" Leo said, trying for a light tone, "He didn't seem all that friendly earlier. I'm thinking of contesting the 'easy to like' part." "You gotta cut him some slack." Butch said, "He had a vision telling him to come here, to find a guy with one shoe. That was supposed to be the answer to his problem." "What problem?" Piper asked, more than a little curious. "He's been looking for one of our campers, who's been missing three days," Annabeth's sighed. "He's going out of his mind with worry. He hoped he'd be here." "Who?" Jason asked, wondering if it was brother or a cousin or a best friend. Annabeth and Butch exchanged looks. "His boyfriend," Butch finally said. "A guy named Nico di Angelo." II. Yes, He's Dating a Guy… "A boyfriend?" Jason asked, beside him, both of Leo's eyebrows were raised so high his hair almost covered them. Piper let out a cute, tiny squeal. "Yes. Boyfriend." Annabeth said, turning sharp gray eyes at Jason. "Will is dating a guy . Does that shock you?" She raised a brow at him, challenging. Butch gave them all a glare. Leo was shaking his head so fast you'd worry it'd fall off his shoulders. Piper cleared her throat, eyes strangely bright. "Nope, definitely doesn't bother me, not at all." Honestly, Jason, on the other hand, wasn't so sure. He'd never really thought about guys loving guys or girls loving girls (or even if he did, he didn't remember) and now that he was being asked that question, he found that he didn't care much. It wasn't shocking really, especially if you got around thinking about what people did in the ancient times behind closed doors and even the gods in the Greek and Roman mythologies had the occasional same sex fling. All in all, even without his memories, he was pretty sure he was okay with that. "I guess not…" He said with a shrug, "I mean, you don't get to pick who you like." He gave a sideway glance at Piper, unsure. "You make it sound so simple." Annabeth said but with an approving smile. "Love is anything but simple but maybe that's just because we overcomplicate things." Then she turned away from them as she and Butch jumped into the chariot. "Are we all set, Will?" Jason, Piper, and Leo clambered in after them. The three eying Will carefully, he seemed to have regained his cool, face indifferent as he checked over their ride. "The anemoi thuellai damaged one of the wheels, but not too badly. If we don't get any more surprise attacks, we can get back in Camp, no problem." Will assured them as he sat back on his seat. Piper was eying him as he looked away, gaze wistful. "Take it away, Butch." "What's this camp you guys keep talking about?" Leo asked Annabeth who was standing, arms crossed like a captain of the ship, ready to launch an attack. "A safe place,"‖ Annabeth said. "The only safe place for kids like us." She said seriously, eying them with intelligent gray eyes. "Camp Half-Blood." III. … Not Just Any Guy, He's Dating the Prince of the Underworld Leo soon realized Will's heart wasn't in the tour. After they'd landed in Camp Half Blood, told they were technically half god , met Drew the Asian Drama Queen and the other campers, Leo had been tossed over to Will for a simple 'tour around your new camp' thing. Lucky Piper got the daughter of the wisdom goddess while he got the not-so-much-sunny son of the sun god. But Leo soon forgot about that when Will started talking and showing him around. He talked about all this amazing stuff the camp offered—magic archery, pegasus riding, the lava wall, fighting monsters —but he showed no excitement, as if his mind were elsewhere, gaze wistful. That, more than anything, bummed him out and he found he couldn't enjoy the whole being-magic-and-having-other-magic-people who could (maybe) summon fire like him too. "Do I get a sword?" Leo asked, trying to lighten the mood. Will glanced at him like he found the idea disturbing. At least he got him out from his brooding. "You'll probably make your own, seeing as how you're in Cabin Nine." "Yeah, what's up with that? Vulcan?" "Usually we don't call the gods by their Roman names," Will said. "The original names are Greek. Your dad is Hephaestus." "Festus?" Leo had heard somebody say that before, but he was still dismayed. "Sounds like the god of cowboys." "He-phaestus," Will corrected. "God of blacksmiths and fire." Leo had heard that too, but he was trying not to think about it. The god of fire… Seriously? Considering what had happened to his mom, that seemed like a sick joke. "So the flaming hammer over my head," Leo said. "Good thing, or bad thing?" Will took a while to answer. "You were claimed almost immediately. That's usually