Summary: That one time where Will's friends and siblings misunderstand and they try to shovel talk a confused (and maybe, slightly, terrified) Nico. Gods, why does everybody keep thinking they were dating? Based on this post I read in tumblr: " Yeah, yeah, we know, the Seven plus Reyna is definitely going to haunt Will's ass if he hurts Nico. But dude can you imagine how many people is going to do the same for Will if Nico is the one who hurts him? You have the Apollo cabin. They'd totally hunt Nico down with their bows and arrows and their rhyming curses. After all, Will is their brother and head counselor, it doesn't matter if Nico is a son of the Big Three, bitch you mess with their brother you mess with them. " by todaymakestwohundredandfiftyfive (hope you find this enjoyable!) Break His Heart, We Break Your Bones by LDJE Nico felt the hostility the moment he stepped out of his cabin. The hair at the back of his neck stood up and he couldn't help but look around warily, wondering if a monster somehow came in the Camp or one of Octavian's loyal followers came to kill him. To his confusion no one was even staring his way and everyone was going about their business as usual. He wondered if maybe the lack of sleep and rest was finally catching up to his brain... but then he shook his head. He went back in the cabin and came out holding his trusty Stygian Iron sword, it's always better to be safe than sorry. He was passing by the Hermes' cabin when he was grabbed by the hood of his hoodie and dragged to the back of the said cabin. He spun around quickly and skillfully pointed his dark blade at the perpetrator's neck. He blinked in surprise when he saw who it was that grabbed and easily dragged him. "Cecil?" (Man, maybe he should eat more if he's being dragged around so easily) Instead of being scared that a sharp blade of darkness was being held threateningly to his neck, the son of Hermes just had his arms crossed, an unimpressed look on his face. Nico put down his blade, "Sorry, I thought you were some monster or something…" "Look," Cecil suddenly spoke in a sharp tone that made the son of Hades look at him in confusion. "Despite being the son of Hades and being a freakin' scary demigod, I thought you were okay, especially after the fight with Gaea." "Okay…" Nico said slowly, but then his eyebrows scrunched, "Wait, thought ?" The other demigod stepped forward, "I may not be scary as Lou or Clarisse or the whole Apollo Cabin and I may be less violent… but you hurt Will, I hurt your pride." "You hurt my what?" "Embarrassment will be your constant companion." The mischievous son of Hermes said as he poked Nico on the chest, "I'm warning you di Angelo, if you don't set things right…" He gave him a narrowed glare, "Watch yourself." When Cecil walked away, Nico just stared after him in utmost confusion, wondering what he did now. He sighed and bent down to pick up his Stygian Iron sword, "Well, that just happened." He grumbled as he headed to the Mess Hall. Maybe Nico should have expected that things would only go downhill from there. He had gone into the Mess Hall, raising a hand at Jason who was giving him a happy look as he gestured for Nico to sit at his table with Piper. The daughter of Aphrodite gave the son of Hades a smile. The dark-haired teen went to grab some pancakes and bread before making his way to the son of Jupiter's table. Just as he was about to bite the bread, he noticed it was smooth, pink, and not edible. "What the-" Nico began as the ball began to smoke. He did the first thing that came into his mind and threw it as far as he could. Unfortunately, it landed on Cecil who had just stood up to go to the rest room. As Cecil toppled to the floor at the sudden impact, ball exploded and the pink smoke was suddenly everywhere. Some of the campers panicked and a few let out screams. When the smoke vanished, an angry piglet was screeching at them, wearing Cecil's jacket. Nico gaped before he looked around. He heard an "Oh, no!" And sure enough, he found Lou Ellen by the buffet table shooting Cecil an apologetic look. "Sorry!" She called out to the angry piglet who was being swarmed by the Hecate cabin, trying to turn him back into a human. Nico stomped up to the daughter of Hecate, "What the hell was that?" Lou jumped at Nico's tone as she looked at him. Her apologetic expression dropped to a frown, "None of your business, di Angelo. You just better be grateful that it didn't get you." She huffed as she walked away to help her friend. Nico stayed where he was, gaping and wondering if all of his friends (ex-friends now, apparently) had gone crazy. There was a low whistle beside him and he turned to see Percy, looking impressively at the mess Lou Ellen made. "Wow, I wonder what you did to get Lou Ellen angry." He said with a wink. Nico gave him an unimpressed look. "Shut up, Jackson." He snapped but truthfully, he was wondering the same himself. The son of Hades knew things weren't about to get better when a daughter of Ares marched up to him and offered to spar. Nico was embarrassed to admit it, but he looked around first, making sure that Jason and Percy were at least nearby before he agreed. It was better to be safe than sorry. Clarisse snorted at the son of Hades, "Don't worry about it, di Angelo, Chris is right there," She motioned to her boyfriend who had his arms crossed and was looking at his girlfriend with warning. "He'll stop me if I do any real damage." Her eyes glinted and Nico did not feel safer at all. To his surprise though, the spar went on normally. Clarisse was violent and strong but Nico was quick and steadfast. He avoided most of the blows that would have sent him to the ground and parried the daughter of Ares with his own moves. His apprehension and suspicion was starting to go down when Clarisse suddenly moved forward, grabbed him by the shirt and flipped him to the ground. Nico let out a surprised grunt, eyes wide as Clarisse smiled down at him dangerously. "I'll make this clear and simple, di Angelo, you may be the prince of the Underworld and a son of one of the Big Three… but you hurt him and I'll hurt you ." The son of Hades blinked in surprise before asking warily, "Hurt who?" Clarisse rolled her eyes and leaned back to Nico's relief. She grabbed him by the arm and easily stood him up. "You are seriously even more of an idiot than Jackson if you don't know who I'm talking about." She said with a shake of her head as Nico frowned at his intellect being compared to a certain Seaweed brain. "Now, go apologize to him. If you don't, his cabin won't be as forgiving as I was." She warned before turning to leave with her boyfriend. As Nico stood there wondering what the hell just happened , Jason ran up to him patting him on the back. "Hey, I just saw Clarisse judo flip you." Jason said, "You okay? Do you need to go to the infirmary?" "I'm fine." Nico assured as he dusted off his clothes, "Just confused." "Anything I can do to help?" Nico thought for a minute, "You could cover for me with the sword lessons. I think I need to go ask somebody about what's happening." He said, "I need to go visit someone in Apollo's cabin." When Nico finally got around to going to Apollo's cabin (he decided to go during the evening because he felt a lot more secure in the dark), the last thing he expected was to be ambushed by Apollo's children all dressed in black, bows and arrows slung over their backs as they glared at the son of Hades. Oh crap, Nico thought as he backed up to the outside wall of Apollo's cabin. He tried to recount everything he'd done so far and he couldn't find any reason for the usually sunny children of Apollo to be mad at him. Crap, crap, crap I'm in trouble and I don't even know what for! He gulped. He had been hoping to talk to Will, wondering if he had any idea why everyone was suddenly out to get him but it seemed like his efforts would be frutiless. He was honestly contemplating shadow travelling, but he didn't need another child of Apollo angry at him. "Uh, hey guys." Nico said weakly as he tried to blend in with the shadows. "Is something wrong?" Austin's eyes narrowed as he notched an arrow into his bow and aimed. He let it go and the arrow sailed through the air before it embedded itself near Nico's head. The son of Hades was staring at them wide-eyed. "You break Will's heart, we break your bones." Kayla said with crossed arms as her siblings nodded seriously behind them. "We're children of Apollo." Justin piped up, "We can break bones as easily as we mend them." "Are you-" Nico hesitated, "Is this… a shovel talk?" "I brought the shovel!" An eight-year-old blond piped from somewhere in the right. "No, Clara, that shovel is for burying Nico's body later." Kayla said gently to one of their youngest siblings as Nico froze. "Excuse me?" He said, surprised, "That was a joke right?" Apollo's children's expressions were worryingly somber and grave in reply to his question. "Where's Will?" Nico pleaded instead, hoping for at least one sane child of Apollo. "You don't get to talk to Will." One of the youngest demigods huffed, "Not after you broke his heart." " What? " "Look," Austin said, "I know we should have warned you beforehand what you were getting yourself into when you started dating our brother-" "I'm not dating Will!" "-but really, you should have seen this coming." Austin continued as though Nico didn't say anything. "I mean, we Apollo children are really tight, you know. You make Will cry, you make us all cry." "Especially Justin, he cried a lot ." A ten-year-old auburn-haired child of Apollo said. "Sh-Shut up!" "Okay, look, no offense Nico but you made Will cry." Kayla said to Nico's utter bewilderment. He made Will cry? When? "And, we really don't want to do this but-" " What… is going on here ?" Nico never thought he could be happier to hear that voice than right now. Apollo's children parted as their head counselor walked towards them. He shot his siblings a suspicious look before he turned to Nico. He blinked in surprise, "Nico?" "Will!" The son of Hades said in relief as he tried to convey with his eyes the thought, your siblings are crazy. Get me out of here. Will seemed to get the message as he stepped between the son of Hades and his siblings, "Guys, what the heck is happening here? Did you all drink too much Sunny D again?" He reprimanded to some of his siblings' chagrin. "Step aside, Will." Kayla said seriously, "We're showing your boyfriend here an example of what happens to people who break the heart of a child of Apollo." "W-What?" Will spluttered, "Nico's not my boyfriend!" He said loudly, flushing as he refused to meet the son of Hades' eyes. "And what do you mean he ' broke a child of Apollo's heart '?" "We heard you crying in the bathroom!" A certain pair of Apollo's twins piped up. "We