Prompt for day one: Dancer Author's notes: Finally got around to doing this. Well, I need to work on the second one now. Unfortunately I'm working on two pairing celebration this week. For solangelo week at solangelo-dot-tumblr-dot-com. Sorry for the extremely late posting, I was very busy. Break an Ankle by Live Don't Just Exist "So," Will said, crossing his arms and raising an eyebrow, "You fractured your ankle, how exactly?" Nico grumbled something under his breath, his face set in a scowl. Will's eyebrow rose higher, "Pardon?" The son of Hades downright growled and crossed his arms too. He looked away and huffed, "Nothing." The blond tried to ignore the slight twinge of hurt he felt at the words. He'd thought that ever since the war with Gaea, he and Nico might've gotten close enough for him not to shut Will out anymore. Close enough to maybe be even more than friends. Apparently, he'd been delusional, seeing as the dark-haired teen shut him down at the first opportunity. Will chose to ignore the hurt and focused instead on his annoyance with a non-cooperative patient. This, at least, was a more professional attitude. "Fine." He said as he picked up his clipboard and began scribbling on it furiously. He carried the annoyance too well, writing: IDIOCY as the main reason for the fractured ankle in Nico's medical files, adding: Patient is uncooperative. Basically, don't bother asking him how he got what because he's Nico and you'll just waste your breath. Will felt a little calmer after the angry scribbling. He turned to the bedside table and broke an ambrosia into tiny pieces, offering Nico the size of about half an inch to chew on. The son of Hades eyed him suspiciously before accepting. Will gestured to a quarter full glass of nectar. "They would speed up the process of healing your fracture. It'll be better in three weeks, two weeks if you don't miss any of our appointment." Will said writing down a reminder on Nico's file: Requires daily healing magic for the next two weeks. "Still, we need to put your leg in cast or a brace because even with the super speedy healing we need to make sure that the bones come together right." He looked up at Nico to see his expression. Nico's lips were pursed, eyebrows furrowed. "Two weeks?" He asked. "Two weeks." Will clarified. "So no straining, you're excused from the usual camp activities, rock climbing, sword fighting, anything that would put pressure on that ankle." Nico hissed, " Merda. " He cursed under his breath. The blond's eyebrows furrowed in worry, "You okay?" " No ." Nico snapped. Will flinched back at the hostility. The son of Hades looked taken aback at his reaction before ducking his head. "It's nothing." He mumbled, "Let's hurry up so I can go." The blond hesitated and nodded. He turned and called for Justin to handle putting Nico's leg in a cast, missing the surprised look on the son of Hades' face at his retreat. Will knew it was cowardly, but when Justin came, he turned and fled to check on some other patient. Nico's mood for the rest of the day didn't improve. He'd gotten carried away and sprained his ankle, got into a mood because of it, and somehow managed to chase Will Solace away. He wanted to slam his face on the nearest cabin wall. Percy and Jason straightened when their cousin finally came out through the infirmary door. They winced in unison when they saw the scowl on his face and cast on his ankle. "That bad?" Percy asked with a guilty look. Nico shot him a death glare, "This is all your fault." He hissed under his breath, because the last thing he needed was people asking what happened. Percy backed up, hands raised. "Hey, the way I see it, you agreed to it, therefore, it is also partially your fault." "Besides, no one asked you to twist your ankle like that." Jason said and Nico turned to glare at him. The blond gave him a sheepish shrug. "This was your idea in the first place!" "And you agreed!" Percy defended. "Yeah, after you blackmailed me into doing it!" Nico said, face flushed as he tried to hobble away with dignity, but unfortunately, with his mobility limited, it allowed his cousins to flank his sides and help him. He had no choice but to let them. "I wouldn't exactly call it blackmail-" "You took my mythomagic figures and held them for ransom like some sort of deranged-!" Nico struggled to gesture wildly while balancing on his crutches. "Psycopaths!" Percy snorted wile Jason answered calmly, "We prefer to be known as high-functioning sociopaths, thanks." Nico wanted to bash their heads together but settled instead for balancing firmly on his crutches and twisting his heavy cast to hit them on their legs. "Ow!" "Hey!" "Serves you right." He muttered at them as he tried to hobble away again. "Hey, Nico, wait! You can't just-" Jason called and then Percy let out an impatient sigh, easily overtaking their cousin. He stood in front of Nico to block his path. "Look, stop acting like an immature kid." Percy said, putting both hands on his hips. Nico raised an eyebrow, "That's rich coming from you." He said, "And ironic, I'm sure your girlfriend would agree." Jason tried to hide his laughter behind his cough, Percy shot the blond an irritated look. He turned back to Nico and inhaled deeply, looking as though he was trying to gather his patience. "Nico, look, we're sorry about the whole ankle thing." Jason cleared his throat and nodded, serious, finally. "Yeah, we are." Nico rolled his eyes. "But you should know that we only wanted your best interest at heart." Percy continued as Jason nodded. "We just want you to be happy and to finally find the courage to tell Will you- ow! Hey! What in Hades!?" A skeleton had formed behind Percy and kicked him right in the shin before dissolving into bones and sinking back into the shadows. Nico's face was flushed red. " Percy Jackson. " He hissed in dangerous warning and the son of Poseidon immediately took three steps back. "Bad move, bro." Jason muttered and Percy wanted to roll his eyes at the obvious comment. Instead, the green-eyed teen swallowed and stood his ground. "Well, yeah, sorry. What I meant was… we want you to have the courage to finally go after who- what you want. So, yeah, we may have been a bit too enthusiastic about your 'dance' lessons," He actually did air quotes, green eyes alight with glee, "But hey, we did it out of support for you, because- you know, family and all that, friends and brothers and stuff." Percy finished awkwardly, scratching the back of his neck. Nico glared at him suspiciously before huffing and looking away, "Whatever, it's not like all those lessons were useful in the end anyway." He said bitterly, "I mean, clearly , I won't be able to go through with the plan since…" He trailed off and glared down at his ankle. He breathed in and then let it out in a defeated sigh, "Will's birthday is only a few days away, my ankle won't be healed by then. Guess, I'll stay in the background for his birthday." His shoulders slumped. Percy and Jason exchanged looks. Nico had been so against his role in the camp's surprise birthday bash plan for Will, that it was surprising to see how dejected he was when he realized he wouldn't be able to do it because of his injury. Everyone had decided to do Will's birthday surprise as a mob, everyone dancing and singing. Nico had vehemently went against the singing part and reluctantly accepted the dancing part when he realized that everyone had prepared small presents for the blond healer and Nico had nothing to give. He still felt a little guilty that some people were dancing and going to give gifts to Will, so Hazel convinced him to ask Will out on his birthday. (Everyone knew that Will had a crush on Nico after all and that the blond didn't want to pressure him into going out with him, so it fell to the son of Hades to take their relationship to the next step) It was a testament to how much Nico had grown up that he listened to Hazel's advice and planned to pull Will away for a few minutes, after his birthday bash, to ask him out. Well, at least he was planning to, before he broke his ankle. "Maybe this is Aphrodite telling me to give it up." Nico grumbled under his breath, looking sullenly at his cast. "I mean, I don't even have a gift for him so I decided to do some stupid dancing and ask him out after, but now I can't even do that for him." Jason frowned, "Don't think that." He said, crossing his arms, "Sure, I mean, maybe Venus is behind this but you know how she is, she likes a bit of challenge in every love story. I mean, look at Percy and Annabeth's love story so far." Percy rolled his eyes but his shoulders were tense. "After years of love triangles and love squares, only to be thrown in Tartarus together- well, Nico, you should be thankful that it's only a broken ankle she has you working with." "Piper had fake memories about our fake relationship and I had amnesia." Jason shrugged. "Percy's right, your love story is less complicated than ours." Nico shot them a look that said Excuse you? Oh, that's right, Nico had a crush on Percy and faced Cupid himself. The two demigods winced in apology. "Sorry." "But hey, you know, it's not complicated now ." Jason said, "There's no Great Prophecy hanging over our heads-" "Don't jinx it." Percy muttered, looking around in suspicion, like Rachel would hear and suddenly begin spouting some weird Oracle crap. "And sure, yeah, you sprained an ankle, and can't dance now but no big deal!" Jason said gesturing, "You can still ask the guy out! That's what's important, right?" Nico looked at them warily, "I don't know." He said, "I mean, everyone's been working hard for his birthday and it doesn't feel right just doing nothing, watching everyone work hard for his birthday and I just get him away and ask him out just like that. I feel…" He chewed on his bottom lip, "I just wish I could do something more you know?" Jason and Percy exchanged thoughtful looks, trying to think of a way to make Nico feel better. "Actually," Percy said slowly, "I have a plan and yeah, it involves dancing." He said before Jason could ask. Nico grimaced, though he was annoyed for breaking his ankle and not being able to dance on the bash, he still had some reservations about it. Percy patted him on the shoulder, "Hey, hear me out, it's better than the first arrangement." He winked, "And on the plus side, only one person will be seeing you dance and it won't be the ankle-break type dancing either." The son of Hades gave the son of Poseidon a suspicious look while Jason looked interested. "Well? Spit it out, Jackson." The grin on Percy's face could rival the Cheshire cat's. To say Will was surprised was an understatement. It felt more like he was going to have a heart failure the moment he stepped out of his cabin at ten in the morning, wearing his blue pajamas and yellow shirt, disoriented and confused (and maybe even a bit scared ) when fireworks suddenly erupted and everyone started dancing and singing in front of him. Will looked on, eyes wide as everyone executed really complicated dance moves. They sang along to some hip music. Even during the mob, everyone was trying to out dance each other, especially his siblings, who