Chapter 1 This is the story of twin sisters, Katie and Lily, who, for twins, were as different as could be. Katie or Katelyn, the older sister, had straight brown hair that went down a few inches below her shoulders and brown almond shaped eyes. With a more classic, sensible style of fashion, she was much more girly in that regard. However, she was not generally considered the pretty one. Lily, with her golden wavy hair and round blue eyes, was the one all the guys at school went after, despite the fact that she was a tomboy. There was a personality difference too. Lily was quiet, excruciatingly shy, and an imaginative day-dreamer. Katie was quiet too, but she was more outgoing than her sister, and she was the practical one of the pair. Not that she could not join Lily in her fantasies. In fact, that was one thing the girls had in common. They both loved to dress up in period costumes (especially medieval) and both loved to read Tolkein. Lily had read all of Tolkien's works, but Katie had only read the Lord of the Rings trilogy and The Hobbit. She tried to read The Silmirillion, but she gave with all the long, unpronounceable Elvish names. Although Katie and Lily had many of the inevitable sister fights, they were as close as two sisters could be. Lily could get Katie out of her "Let's be sensible" mode, and Katie helped Lily focus on her school work when she needed to and watched out for her sensitive, quiet sibling. It was the last week of school before the eighteen year old twins graduated. They were packing up for college; Katie for nursing school, and Lily for history ed. The twins were just coming out of lunch. They passed people in the hall, a tall raven haired boy with a rock band hoodie on looked Lily up and down with a what the twins guessed was supposed to be a charming grin on his face. As he brushed past, Lily shuddered. "What a creep." Katie commented, shaking her head. "I can't wait to get out of here." Lily replied. "Do you really think it'll get better at college? " Katie asked. "I don't know," Lily answered. "Hopefully they'll be a little more mature and subtle about it." Katie rolled her eyes at her sister's wishful thinking. Despite the loose jeans, loose tee, and denim jacket Lily was wearing, the complete absence of make-up, and her hair being up in a messy bun, she was still pretty. And Lily was completely oblivious. She really could not seem to fathom why guys were always trying to make a move on her when she dressed the way she did. Katie was fairly sure that part of the reason Lily always dressed plain was to discourage the male population of their school, but to no avail. "Well, I have to get to Consumer Math and English," Katie sighed. "See ya in history, Sis." "You bet!" Lily grinned and gave Katie a tight one-armed hug. "Good luck with Mr. Gonzales's quiz!" "Thanks!" Katie called over her shoulder as she hurried down the hall. "I'm gonna need it!" Mr. Gonzales was Katie's Consumer Math teacher and known as one of the toughest teachers in the school. His quizzes were killers; his tests were even worse. Only he would have a quiz during final's week Since Lily had a free period before art, she decided to go to her home room for a little study hall. As she headed to the door a couple of guys blocked her path. "Excuse me." She murmured before trying to slip by them. However, one caught her around the waist. "How about hanging out with me for a while." The school's biggest bully, Tony Medici. Tall, dark with curly black hair, he was considered the epitome of an Italian man. Half the girls in the school swooned over him, but who did he go for? Lily. Lily who could not stand the sight of him. Catching his dark eye for a moment, Lily tried to put on a polite smile. "Um, I really need to study for my English final tomorrow," She said, hoping her voice would not tremble too much. "Maybe some other time." "English? Who wants to study English?" He taunted, a grin that made Lily shudder. "Someone who wants to pass the class." Lily said coldly, trying to act like her sister and push the boys off. "Now please let me go." "Aw, come on, babe," Tony grinned, "You know you'd much rather come hang out than study." "Actually, I don't." Lily wrenched herself out his grasp just as her homeroom teacher, Mr. Sullivan came to the door. "Is there a problem here?" he asked, in an intimidating tone. Being over six feet tall an built like a football player only added to his overall impressiveness. He was the only teacher in the school who could really control the male students. "Uh, no there isn't" Tony mumbled and left, but he shot Lily a glare as he did so. "Those boys still messing with you?" Mr. Sullivan asked as Lily sat down. She nodded. "You know that the only way they'll ever really stop messing with you is if you stand up to them." "Yes, Mr. Sullivan, I know, but it never works for me." Lily sighed as she took her English notes and text book out. The rest of the week consisted of reviews and tests. On Saturday, Katie and Lily walked across the platform and received their diplomas. On Sunday afternoon, Katie, Lily, and their 25 year old brother Jared who they lived with since their parents died in a plane wreck, drove up to their grandparent's house for a celebration. Of course the whole family came to the party and everyone stayed up until midnight, and the twin's and their cousins Dustin, Tracy, and Liv stayed up even longer, playing their favorite board game Clue until two in the morning. Monday morning was dark and cloud, threatening rain. The twins were supposed to go to their friend Jessica's house that afternoon. However, it didn't rain until about five minutes after the twins started out for Jessica's. It was like the sky dropped out; the rain came down in sheets and torrents, obscuring Katie's, who was driving, view out the windshield. She had the wiper on the fastest setting, but it didn't do much good. Thunder began to boom and lightning flashed across the sky. Lily shrieked, but Katie told her to relax because they were in a car. The rubber tires would keep the car from getting struck by lightning. However, nothing stopped the trees surrounding the road from getting struck. There was a load clap of thunder, a brilliant flash of lightning, and a tree right in front of the twins car fell across the road. Katie slammed on the breaks and swerved, going into the ditch instead of the tree. For a moment the twins were dazed by the impact, then they had the sensation of falling, and the world went black. Chapter 2 Katie woke on a rocky, but grassy plain. She felt like her entire body had been pelted by a ton of bricks. She slowly opened her eyes, but quickly shut them as the light overhead stabbed them painfully. Then she heard a moan on her right. "Lily?" "Katie? What happened? I'm sore all over." "Me too." Katie squinted and turned her head towards her sister's voice. This caused her head to spin painfully. When it subsided to a degree, she was able to focus her eyes on the prone figure of Lily. There were scratches on her face and arms. "Are you okay?" There was a pause. "My ankle hurts worse than everything else." Lily answered with a groan. Katie slowly sat up, which made her head spin again, but she ignored it. She scooted over to Lily's feet and realize that Lily was no longer wearing the light blue tee, green plaid hoodie, black jeans, and green converses that she had been wearing at the time of the crash. She now wore tan leggings a long white tunic, a soft green vest and brown leather boots. Her hair had come out of the braid she had put it in that morning and looked a bit longer than Katie remembered it being. Shaking her head, Katie examined Lily's ankle by removing her boot. Lily groaned, but didn't cry. The offending ankle was red and swollen. Katie gently began rotating the foot. Lily gasped a few times, but that was all. Katie sighed. "Well, it's not broken. Probably sprained, though." Lily nodded. "Do you think you can get up and walk?" Katie asked. "I'll try." Lily slowly sat up, and Katie realized that her sister was much taller than herself now. Katie tried to help Lily up, but found that she only reached Lily's waist. "Lily! Look at you! You're taller!" Katie cried. "or I've shrunk!" Lily looked down at her now three foot something older sister and gasped. "Katie! Look at your clothes!" Lily pointed. Katie looked down. She had been so concerned with Lily that she did not notice herself. Katie was now wearing a dress that went down to her mid-calf. She had on a white shirt with puffed sleeves that reached her elbow. The bodice of her dress was brown, had a pointed waist, and laced up the back, which showed off what figure she had. Katie was slender, but just did not quite have the perfect hourglass shape her sister did. The skirt was very full and brown with little pinkish red roses and dark green vines on it. "Yeah? Well, look at yours." Katie answered. Lily looked down and gasped, plucking at the soft fabric of her vest. While Lily was examining her new outfit, Katie climbed a large boulder and took a look around from that high vantage point. All that she could see were grassy hills and rocks. "Where are we?" Lily asked softly. "I have no idea." Katie answered, jumping down. "Come here, let me do something with that hair of yours." Katie ended having to stand on the rock again in order to be high enough to do her sister hair. As she began to finger-comb it, she decided that it was definitely longer and thicker than before. She decided to French braid it, and when she began weaving sections up into the braid, Lily's ears were revealed. They were now pointed like a fairy or elves. Katie stared at it. "Katie, what's wrong?" Lily asked when she felt Katie suddenly stop. "You-your—ears!" Katie stuttered. Lily instantly reached up to feel her ears. She could feel the points As her hair fell out of its half-finished braid, Lilly began pacing, or limping, rather, with her head in her hands. "My ear are pointy, my ears are pointy—"she chanted under her breath. Then she suddenly stopped, looking down at herself "Wait, I'm in green, brown and white, and my ears are pointed." She said a little louder. Slowly a smile grew on her face. "My ears are pointy!" she cried joyfully. Katie stared at her like she had an extra hole in her head. "Katie, do you know what this means?" "No." "I'm an elf!" "An el—no way, Sis. It's not possible. Elves don't exist." Katie said skeptically, eyebrow raised. "Well, I do now!" Lily giggled. "Okay, fine, Little Miss Elf, come here so I can finish doing your hair." Katie sighed, rolling her eyes. Lily sat on the grass in front of Katie and tipped her head way back to that Katie could see the top of her head. When she finished, Katie found a ribbon in the pocket of her dress and used it to tie her sister's braid off. Katie decided to climb the big rock again to see if she might have missed something that might