Author : DeJean Smith Email address : DeJeanSmith2010 Facebook username (if applicable): DeJean Smith Twitter username (if applicable): DeJeanSmith Beta : Sunflower Fran Story title : Camp Pumpkinhead Story summary : A lost lovie leads to a spooky adventure for Bella as she discovers there's someone lurking at Camp Pumpkinhead-someone she never expected. Genre : Romantic spookiness Rating : M Pairing : Bella and Edward Word Count (not including summary or header): 4,478 Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. For 11 months of the year, Camp Arrowhead revels in the reputation as a premiere day and overnight camp where school-aged children could enjoy the great outdoors in a safe, picturesque environment. Generations of Arrowheads return year after year, some sending their children and eventually their grandchildren to a place where spectacular memories were made. Summers were filled with swimming, horseback riding, and the ubiquitous macaroni necklace creation. Spring and winter found the cabins packed with church retreats and work-related team-building activities. But in October, oh, October… everything changes. Camp Pumpkinhead emerges in the Pacific Northwest, a veritable paradise of all things autumn. From the celebrated corn maze to the bonfires complete with hot dog roasts and gourmet s'mores to the pumpkin patch and haunted house, every detail was meticulously planned and executed, making it the destination for thousands of children. Parents adored the place not only because many had spent a week or two every summer at Arrowhead, but also because Esme and Carlisle, the current owners, kept the prices reasonable so that all could experience a family outing that did not break the bank. One overcast late afternoon, the kids of Forks Elementary's kindergarten classes stomped around the pumpkin patch, a straw-covered field where strategically placed mini pumpkins had been strewn for their picking pleasure. The giggles and shrieks of orange t-shirt clad five-year-olds as they ran hither and yon, grabbing a pumpkin to take home filled the air as parents and chaperones snapped pictures and video to share on the class webpage. "Auntie Belllllla! Aunnnnnntie Bellllllaaaaaa!" Bella recognized the voice immediately and looked for the telltale curly, blonde hair of her best friend's daughter. "What is it, Bethie?" "Lookit what I gots!" Bethie ran up to her and proudly held out a palm-sized pumpkin covered in lumpy bumps. Bella smiled at the child, who at that particular moment looked exactly like her father. "What do you have?" "I have a pumpkin that looks like Mrs. Cope!" Bethie rolled her eyes at the language correction, reminding Bella that she had better pay closer attention to her own behavior if she did not wish to see it in her honorary niece. Bella stifled a laugh at the comment. Mrs. Cope was a sweet neighbor who loved Bethie dearly but who had the misfortune of possessing a large mole above one eyebrow. "Is that the one you are going to take home?" "Well, it would be sad if I left it." Caressing the pumpkin like a lost kitten, Bethie nodded her head wisely, feeling truly sorry that this little pumpkin would be upset if returned to the thousand or so others in the field. Bella chuckled and gave an understanding bob of the head. "Very true. Though I imagine Poppy and Gamma would be able to take care of…" Her words ceased when Bethie clutched the tiny pumpkin to her chest and shook her head vehemently. "I'm only teasing, sweetie. You can have that one." "Yay! I'mma goin' to paint it and give it to Daddy when he gets home!" And with that, Bethie ran off to catch up with her friend, Angie, who still searched for her perfect pumpkin to take home. Sadness gripped her heart at the mention of her best friend's husband. She knew he'd be there if he could, but the military sends you where it wants and for now, he was enjoying Uncle Sam's finest canvas accommodations in a sandbox on the other side of the world. The sound of a cowbell ringing caught her attention, and she saw Bethie's teacher, Alice Whitlock, calling everyone together. "Okie dokie, artichokies! It's time to put your name on your pumpkins. Mr. Whitlock is going to give your adults pieces of tape and a Sharpie to write your name on them, and he'll put them in the wagon." Alice pointed at a bright green wagon. "Please return the Sharpies; they have to last me the year. After we get the pumpkins stored, it's hay ride time! We're going to go down to the bonfire where Mrs. Esme has set up a picnic for us!" Bella smiled at the squeals and cheers as kids shoved their pumpkins at the grown-ups and dashed for the tractor and hay ride. Suddenly, she found two pumpkins in her hands and Bethie grinning sheepishly up at her. "You're only supposed to have one, honey." "That one is mine." Bethie pointed to the larger one. "This one," she said as she pointed to a tiny pumpkin, "is Teddy's." "You think your baby brother needs a pumpkin?" "Of course!" And with another silly grin, Bethie ran off to find her place on a bale of hay. Bella shook her head and dutifully wrote Bethie's name on two pieces of tape before adding them to the wagonload. When your grandparents owned the place, you got used to doing as you pleased, she guessed. "Think the rain will hold off?" Jasper asked as he rearranged the pile of pumpkins. "It should. Think the TV said it would start around eight." He nodded as he continued to prove he was Washington State's champion Tetris master. "How's junior cookin'?" She smiled and surveyed the kids running around. "Doctor said he was doing just fine. Might come a little earlier than planned but nothing serious. I don't think Rosalie is going to mind one bit. She thinks she looks like a whale." "Alice still swears he's going to come on Halloween." "That's still two weeks away," Bella groaned. "No disrespect to your wife, but I hope she's wrong. I love her dearly, but the midnight cravings are a bit much." Rosalie's first pregnancy had been a rather rough one, and when her husband, Emmett, and his best friend, Edward, had both been deployed, Bella offered to fill in as necessary. She had not expected two AM grocery store runs, but Rosalie was a fabulous friend, and Bella would do anything for her. Jasper grinned, nodding. He understood. When Alice was pregnant with their second child, she was more than ready to be done with it all by week thirty-five. "Heard from Emmett or Edward lately?" Bella's face fell as she shook her head. There had been no communications from either in almost a week. It wasn't unheard of and had happened before, but chalks it up to hormones or the mostly gloomy weather of October in Washington, and Rosalie fretted. As a result, Bella had offered to come on the field trip so Rosalie could go to Port Angeles and enjoy one last day of pampering before Edward 'Teddy' Dale McCarty made his appearance. "Well, no news is good news," Jasper announced as he took the last pumpkin from a parent. "Looks like the hayride is about to go. I'm sure Alice saved you a seat." "I'm sure she did. Thanks, Jasper." Bella slowly made her way across the field to where the tractor and hay wagon waited and with Carlisle's assistance, climbed up the stairs and took her place near the front. "Now that we're all set, off we go!" Carlisle announced as he climbed into the driver's seat and put the tractor in gear. With a soothing putt-putt-putt, the wagonload of giggly kindergarteners made its way around the fields toward the bonfire. Bella could hear Bethie tell her friends what was what as she pointed out the hay barn and the haunted house ( but it's too scary for me! She said with a shiver) and Poppy and Gamma's house, and the cabins for campers. Closing her eyes for a moment, Bella remembered a small backyard wedding down by Carlisle and Esme's house under a canopy of brilliant red, orange, and yellow-leaved trees. Edward, so very handsome in his uniform; her in a simple bridesmaid's dress. Fall was her absolute favorite time of year, and she could not have imagined a better setting for Rosalie and Emmett's wedding. She offered up a quick prayer for safety for the two. Emmett and Edward were her best guy friends, and she could not imagine a world without either. Bella had grown up with Emmett, Rosalie, Alice, and Jasper, watching them pair up in high school after years of dancing around their mutual attractions. Edward was new to the group. Although he swore they had met before, the first time she had been formally introduced to Emmett's best friend was after they returned from basic training. Regardless of the timing, the two became fast friends, especially after discovering their mutual love for all things autumn. Before she knew it, Bella felt someone gently shake her shoulder. "Rise and shine, sleepyhead!" Alice grinned down at her. Bella jolted and looked around at her surroundings. Everyone had already disembarked and was heading toward the fire pits that surrounded a huge bonfire. "I missed my nap today," Bella grumbled as she scrambled to her feet. "I know. Sorry about that," Alice apologized as the two joined the others. "This was the only time I could get us in since someone lost the forms I had filled out back in May." She glared at her para pro, Jessica Newton, as the accused party flitted from father to father, trying to get their assistance. "Did she just ask Tyler to skewer her wiener for her?" Bella stage whispered, shaking her head in horror. "Based off the color of red he turned, I think so." Both women looked at each other in shock before bursting into giggles before joining the others "Blonde is certainly more than a hair color," Bella muttered. "Oh, honey, I sadly know for a fact the curtains do not match the drapes," Alice grimaced. "I caught her and dear hubby down and dirty in the supply room before school started." Bella's jaw dropped as she gawped at her friend, unable to respond. "Joys of being a small town and him being the principal. Not much I could do other than shut the door and hightail it out of there." Both women shook their heads in dismay before settling down on a hay bale and enjoying the fall festivities before them. Fortunately, the rains held off until the last hot dog and s'more was consumed, and sleepy, worn-out kindergarteners began to fuss about achy feet and sticky faces. A few fat drops of warning fell, and everyone ran for the hay wagon, which was fortunately covered. "Bella!" Bethie's voice rang out. "What is it, baby?" "Angie left Punkin Bear Harvey by the cabins!" Harvey was a stuffed teddy bear that sat on a shelf in Mrs. Whitlock's room and would miraculously change what it held to match the seasons. The students swore he came alive every night and made mischief, but no one ever caught him in action. Harvey went on every field trip and as a reward for good behavior could be taken home over the weekend. "I'll go get him," Alice offered. "No, no," Bella replied, shaking her head. "You need to get home to your fellas. If you'll make sure Bethie gets to Carlisle or Esme, I'll go get it. They wanted her to spend the night so Rosalie and I could work on the nursery." "You sure?" "Absolutely. I'll grab my umbrella, and it'll be fine." "I greatly appreciate this, Bella!" Alice knew it would be a good hour before every child was secure in their car seats and on their way before she could make her own trip home.