Sometimes a plot bunny will not go away. Sadly, it bit yesterday (ie., 2/13) so this was written last night & today. It's not perfect but I needed to exorcise it so I could get back to Beyond Evermore. Enjoy! It was February 13th. Deadlines were approaching. The tension in the office was at its highest level. People buzzed around with tasks in hand with little time for idle chatter or gossip. That would come February 15th after V-Day. An attractive young woman compared entries in a spreadsheet on her desktop computer with a printout she held in one hand. Her eyes flitted back and forth stopping only to occasionally make a modification on the screen. She flipped to the next page of printouts and looked expectantly onto the monitor only to find a blank cell. "What in the world?" she muttered to herself, circling a square on her paper with a well-chewed pencil. She shuffled through the loose papers on her desk, not finding the information she wanted so she called up the internal communications program and sent a quick message. Em, when you have a moment, give me a call. B. With a huff of frustration, she fell to her knees under her desk and started scrounging through the balled up papers to see if she had somehow discarded the wrong thing. Just as she reached for the furthest piece of debris, her phone rang, startling her. Her head banged against the underside of her desk. The oof! followed by a choice profanity could be heard several cubicles away, earning a few glaring looks from her co-workers but she really did not care. This was temp work and only as a favor to her big brother. The phone continued to ring and while she rubbed the knot forming on the back of her head, she answered it. "Bella Bee!" came Emmett's jovial voice. "What can I do you for?" "One, stop with the Bella Bee," she grumbled, attempting to climb back into her chair. "And two, I have a name with no match." "That's impossible." "I'm looking at it right now. Male, Edward Anthony Ma Cullen." She snorted at the name. Poor guy. "Meets his match February 14th but there's no name given." "Did you check the reference checklist?" "Yes. He's on it but no match name is given." "Did you check…" "Emmett, I know how to do this. It's not rocket science." Bella heard her big brother heave a sigh and for a moment felt a little sorry for him. He certainly didn't ask to be matchmaker to the world and it had to gall him that every year his perpetually single sister helped with the big Valentine's Day push. And then the moment passed. "Well, you'll just have to go on site and handle the problem." Bella pulled the phone away from her ear and looked at it like it had just turned into a snake. "You still there, Bella?" She put the phone back up to her ear. "I'm here. I would have sworn you said I needed to go to …" she looked at the computer screen to read Mr. Cullen's location. "Forks, Washington, and find his match for him." "I did." Bella gawped like a codfish for a few seconds before slamming her phone down and stormed off to her brother's office. The other employees bustling around the hallways from Bella's cubicle to Emmett's office wisely moved to the side when they saw the petite young woman just a few degrees away from breathing fire barrel down the wide carpeted paths. Well, most of the employees. Just before making the final turn, Mike Newton popped out of his office and blocked Bella's way. "Not. Now. Mike," Bella gritted through clenched teeth. "Where you going in such a hurry, Bella, my Bella?" he asked, raking a hand through his well-styled blonde hair. She rolled her eyes before attempting to push him out of her way. Mike captured her hand against his chest, earning a glare that would have put a lesser man in the grave. "Let. Go." "Now, Bella, we all know you've just been waiting for me to ask you out." He grinned broadly down at her, earning a shiver of revulsion. "So, I'm not going to make your wait any more painful," Mike continued, ignoring the fact Bella used his being distracted to pull her hand away. She quickly wiped it on her jeans as if to wipe away any cooties. Mike was handsome enough but his overconfidence was a huge turn off to Bella. That and the fact she'd heard about him and Jessica in accounting. "Will you have dinner with me?" "Mike," Bella said after taking a cleansing breath. "Yes, Bella?" "I'm only going to say this once." "Yes?" "I will go out with you only. And I do mean only. After hell freezes over." Using all of her strength, Bella shoved Mike with both hands in the center of his chest, knocking him into his office as she stomped down the hall. "That's not a no!" came Mike's hopeful voice, earning an eye-roll from Bella as she rounded the corner. Rose looked up from her desk, appearing not at all surprised to see her sister-in-law breathing fire as she headed for Emmett's office. "What did my bone-headed husband do this time?" she asked, reaching into her desk and pulling out a dark chocolate square. Bella took the candy and quickly unwrapped it before shoving it in her mouth. "He wants me to go to Forks, Washington." "Where?" "Exactly. I was filling out the matches and found one with no mate." "That's impossible," Rose interrupted. "I know, right? Anyhow, there's a name, a date he meets his forever and no name. So now my lug of a brother wants me to go fix it." "More chocolate?" Rose held open her stash drawer and smiled as Bella hunted around for another treat. "Thank you." "Go on in. But Bella?" "Hmmm?" "Take it easy on him. It's been a stressful week." Rose smoothed the blood red jersey top over her rounded belly. "Rose," she sighed, the wind taken out of her sails. She knew how long her brother and sister-in-law had tried to have a child and it had not been an easy pregnancy. "I'm not asking to you forgive the nut, but I am asking you to give him a little grace." "Fine." Bella lowered her head and waved her hands. "Fine. I'll listen to what he has to say but I'm not going to like it." "That's a given," Rose said with a smile, absentmindedly rubbing her belly. "She's a bit active today." "Tell my niece to stick around just a few more days. I want to be here when she makes her grand entrance." "I'll do my best!" With a genuine smile, Bella turned toward her brother's office door, heaving a sigh as she saw the cupid carved into the door. Steeling herself for the inevitable wave of charm he was about to throw at her, she opened the door, stepped inside, and closed the door behind her. Emmett sat facing a wall of computer screens, his back to her. On the screens were thousands of couples from all over the world. In his hands was an electronic crossbow that he used to point and shoot at different screens in a seemingly random fashion. "So much easier with modern technology," Emmett finally said, turning around to face his still fuming sister. "And I don't have to leave Rosie when she's close to popping." "I'm not going down there," Bella said adamantly, crossing her arms over her chest. "Bella," he said soothingly, putting the crossbow down on his desk. "I can't go. In just a few hours my biggest day of the year begins, and I have to coordinate everything here." "It's not in my job description." "You don't have a job description." "Emmett." "Ok. How about this. I send you down there with someone." "Who? Because if it's Mike Newton, I'll string you up by your …" "Masen." "Masen?" Oh. Masen. Techy computer guy. The extremely handsome techy computer guy. He was the one that had created the wall of computer screens and the electronic crossbow so Emmett didn't have to change into his mythological self and flit around the world shooting arrows into people's hearts. That was so sixth century BCE. And the white cloth wrapped around his nethers gave him a constant wedgie. Masen was more than ok. At least in the few interactions she had had with him. He was soft-spoken, rather handsome, and had the most amazing green eyes. "I'll call him and ask him to go with you. Shouldn't be a problem because this sweet setup he's given me has made things so much more efficient. You two go down to this Forks, Washington, and try and find this …" "Edward Anthony Ma Cullen." "Cullen dude and see if you can find any sort of forever for him." "And how are we supposed to do that, oh great and wise Cupid?" "Improvise! It runs in the family." Emmett smiled broadly at his little sister before turning back to the computer screens and began shooting his crossbow over and over, making appropriate inappropriate remarks as he did so. Bella rolled her eyes at her big oaf of a brother before turning and heading toward the IT department and Masen's office. She found him hunched over his laptop, totally oblivious to her standing in his doorway. She rapped on the jamb and smiled as he jumped at the intrusion. "Oh, hey there, Bella!" Masen grinned, slightly embarrassed at being startled. "Hey. Did my brother call you?" Bella flopped down in the beanbag chair Masen kept instead of a regular chair. "Sure did. Quite a puzzle. A person without a match who shows up in the database. I mean, some people don't have matches but they never show up in the Q-base." Masen gathered up a few things and shoved them into a canvas messenger bag and tossed it over his head and shoulder as he stood. Bella noticed Masen's shirt pull up as he stretched, revealing a rather nice set of toned abs and a sprinkling of dark hair that trailed down to a brown leather belt. "So, shall we go?" Masen extended a hand to help Bella up which she took. Both jumped a little when what could only be explained as an electric shock shot up both of their arms. "Ow, static," she muttered, shaking her hand. "Happens a lot down here." "Thanks for the lift." "No prob," he grinned. "That chair is comfy but a bitch to get out of." Masen motioned toward the door and the two walked side by side on their way to the transportation level. "So, what's the name of our loveless Lothario?" he asked. "Edward Anthony Ma Cullen." Masen stumbled but quickly recovered. He looked at the carpeting as if to try and find a reason for his misstep. Bella did not notice the problem and kept going. "Two for Forks, Washington, Jasper," Bella said in a no nonsense voice as she headed for the transportation module. "Forks?" Jasper said, punching in the proper codes. "Isn't that…" He stopped when he saw Masen furiously shaking his head. Jasper's eyes lit up in recognition. He knew Masen had had a crush on Bella for a long, long time and apparently something was going on. He smiled at his friend and nodded when the computer was set. "Enjoy your stay!" Jasper smiled as he hit a few more keys and the low hum that signaled the beginning of their voyage filled the room. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do!" A loud snap and crack filled their ears and the next thing they knew, Bella and Masen were standing under a canopy of evergreen trees. Bella took a minute to observe her surroundings. "Well, this looks … damp." Masen laughed at