Title – Behind the Mirror. Chapter – 1 - A Meeting of Egos Pairing – Haldir/Oc Rating – M – Just to be safe. Warnings – Romance and violence. Quick Intro – Ella protects a boy, pretending he is her son, they find themselves at the mercy of the Elves, specifically the March Warden, secrets unfold and under the arrogance and contempt a passion begins to burn. Disclaimer – I don't own any of the character from Lord of the Rings alas they belong to J.R.R Tolkien, there is no financial gain here just a love of fanfiction. Chapter One. Haldir smelt the orcs before he could see them, as he looked to the patch of trees North of his position he could see a figure running out of them, they had not gotten far before a small group of orcs came snarling and grunting in full run out of the trees. The figure Haldir could tell was a woman and she appeared to be carrying something, it was a small boy, anger flaired through the March Warden, the vile creatures would kill anything if it made good sport, even a woman and her child. He signalled to his soldiers who were already in position and ready to fire, Haldir raised his arm preparing them and held it there as he watched the woman get closer to them, as the orcs came over the crest of the hill Haldir lowered his arm and the elves took their shots. As the arrows rained down on the orcs one of them threw his dagger and it hit the woman in the thigh, Haldir watched as she fell to the ground but managed to roll as she fell and did not land on the boy. Haldir did not like the idea of leaving the cover of the wood to bring them in until all the orcs were dead, it was then he realised it was not a small group of orcs but a front party, the main group were now heading their way. The remaining orcs from the front party were killed and Haldir saw the woman stand up, Orophin landed in the tree next to him. "Should we not retrieve her before the others arrive?" "They are too close we would not make it in time, she has cover lets prey she is sensible enough to use it." Just as the words left Haldir's mouth he saw the woman kneel before the boy who was shaking with fear. He saw her turn the boy to the trees and point, he turned back to her and shook his head before she hugged and kissed his cheek and turned him back again and pushed him, Haldir could not hear what was being said but understood enough of the actions to know she was sending the boy to them, she could not run but he could. As the boy began to run Haldir could see tears running down his face, he did not look back until he had reached the trees, he did not enter but stopped rigid, turned around slowly and screamed when he saw that the orcs had almost reached the woman. Haldir turned to Orophin. "I will get the boy safe, she may make a run for it once we give her cover." Haldir was gone in a shot and grabbed the boy who started kicking and fighting against him, Haldir whispered a sleep spell in the boys ear and placed him on a flet above the fighting where he would be safe, Haldir noted that the boy was not of Elven kind but he was sure the woman was. He returned to his position and saw the woman had not moved, the orcs were almost upon her, Haldir raised his arm again and lowered it straight away, the arrows began pouring out of the forest and as soon as the first one left the trees the woman shot up and began running as best she could to them. As she got closer Haldir could see that she was bleeding from her mouth though she had wiped it away, she also had a cut on her cheek and her left arm seemed to hang close to her body as if moving it caused pain. She had not removed the dagger that extruded from the back of her thigh, she limped as she ran but she made good speed, Haldir felt his breath catch as she fell over and smashed into the ground. She managed to get back up quickly and carried on running, not once looking behind her. The orcs were gaining on her but the skill of his elves meant that they were slowing down and trying to find cover, Haldir noticed that she had no fear about entering the woods and she didn't stop running until she was a few strides in. When she did stop she turned on the spot her eyes searching the woods, he had ordered the rest of his men to finish off the orcs while he dealt with the intruders. Haldir heard her whistle with the voice of a bird and listened for a reply, she was frowning and limped back to the edge of the wood where the boy had run in, he was intrigued as she began searching the wood for the boy. He followed her a bit before showing himself to her, he stood behind her a few steps and smiled to himself that she had not heard him, suddenly she grabbed the dagger in her thigh and pulled it out with a cry of pain, turned around and pointed it at him. "Where is Cal?!" Haldir admitted that she was fast but he knew at least four of his men were in the trees with their arrows aimed at her, he was in no danger from the woman. Anger and a hint of worry filling her voice she stepped towards him and sounding stronger asked again "Where is the boy!" Haldir did not flinch when she moved but he studied her for a moment, she continued to point the dagger at him but her eyes kept darting this way and that looking for any sign of the boy. "You have entered the Golden Realm, you may not leave until the Lady of Light allows it." She frowned confused before asking "I made it to Lothlorien?" Haldir nodded slightly and relief flooded her face. "I had lost track once I was being chased, I knew I was near, have others come, visitors from a distant land, travellers, anyone?" Haldir did not know who she was or why she was here, he did not even know her name and if there was one thing Haldir did not like it was not know what an intruder was doing in his woods uninvited. "Put down the dagger and tell me your name and purpose here." He did not shout but was stern and harsh with the woman, she instantly let her arm drop as if she had forgotten she held the dagger in her hand, worry crept onto her face "Where is Cal, what have you done with him?" "He is safe, for the moment, tell me your name." His voice was cold and harsher. She looked at him a moment before raising the dagger again "Give me the boy or I will…" Haldir smirked "You will what, you are injured and intruding on a land I protect, you are in my custody now and you will give me what I want, now tell me your name and purpose." He saw her falter and lower the dagger slightly before speaking "My name is Ella and my purpose is…" Before she finished she stepped forward and held the dagger to his throat, she twisted around him and with her free hand pulled him to her protecting her from the arrows above them. Haldir had not anticipated her strength, it was obvious her leg was giving her immense pain but she had not showed it when she moved towards him, he held his hand up slightly so she could not see but his men could, he knew she would not harm him even if the dagger at his throat was real, the threat was not. Two of his men dropped in front of them their bows drawn, Orophin stepped forward "Release him now and you will live." She spoke back just as cold "Tell me where the boy is and I will release him." She pulled the dagger tighter to Haldir's throat and he unconsciously lent back slightly, suddenly they heard a cry from above them it was Cal calling out to her. Haldir cursed himself silently, his sleep charm was only a light one, he had not expected confrontation from the woman, he felt her hand on his back within a second the dagger was lifted from him and she pushed him away from her into Orophin who stopped his brother from falling. Haldir did not wait but climbed up to the closest flet as Orophin followed the woman, Haldir made it to the flet with the boy on before she got to him. He could see her searching the trees, Orophin closed in on her as Cal shouted out again, Haldir placed his hand on the boys shoulder to keep him from running and hurting himself, the boy followed Haldir to the ground and tried to get away but Haldir returned his firm grip on the boy. He stood and waited as she ran into the clearing with Orophin and several others on her tail, her eyes went wide when she saw Cal with the March Warden and he allowed himself a small smile. He had had enough of this game now, her leg needed tending to and he needed answers, "Relinquish your weapons and you will not be harmed." Cal tried to run to her but Haldir now held him with both hands, the woman took a few breaths before ignoring Haldir and speaking to Cal. "Cal, honey, its okay, are you hurt?" The little boy shook his head and began to cry silently, when he spoke it was almost a whisper but all the elves with their enhanced hearing heard it "I want to go home, I am tired of running...I want Daddy." Haldir noticed sadness in her eyes and she looked from the boy to Haldir "I am Ella this is Calsus and we have no home, we left the village by the shadow of the Misty Mountain and headed here, our purpose is for shelter and help." Haldir noticed her manner and voice harden "Let him go tree-hugger, I will be your prisoner…he is just a scared little boy." Though her words were harsh her eyes were pleading with him, she dropped the dagger, Haldir released the boy immediately. Cal stood for a moment before running to her and she fell to her knees and hugged him, he began crying openly and sobbing incoherently, she smoothed his hair and shushed him until he had calmed. She pulled away from the hug and looked at him "Are you sure you are not hurt?" He shook his head and quietly answered her while looking behind her at Orophin "I am fine…you know you said it was okay to be afraid…I think I am afraid now…they are going to hurt you…just like Dargon did." She smiled and hugged him lightly. "It is okay to be afraid Cal and you were so brave, I think we are going to be apart for a while but I promise I will be fine, he will not hurt me, can you be brave for a bit longer?" The boy smiled a bit shyly and nodded, they hugged one last time and she stood holding his hand. She looked at Haldir then behind her and noticed that Orophin was the only one left and he did not have his bow out, he did have her dagger in his boot.