Preface Just when I had finally thought life was perfect. That everything would be ok, and I would be content living with my family, forever, everything began to crumble from under my feet. Even now that I was now turned into a vampire, problems still managed to follow me. In fact, things are worse, much worse. It all was up to me now, Edward, Nessie, Jacob, everyone, they were counting on me. And if I didn't make the right choice, this would truly be the end. The end of everything, death stared coldly at me, trapping me in its depths of black nothingness. "Make your choice Bella," The very sound of his voice caused a wave of shills to roll down my spine in a manner of disgust, and fear. My hand trembled as I reached out. I held my breath, and with one last look at Edward's fear stricken face, I sealed our fate forever. Chapter 1 I watched closely up towards the sky, taking in the small raindrops that fell freely from above; each drop had its own unique shape; which couldn't be seen through just human eyes. The drops hit down hard against the windows, making a calming sound. It had been a usual day, the good old Fork's daily rain showers, along with the fog rolling along the bottom of the sky, just touching the very tops of the waters. As normal as this day had been, I truly couldn't shake the feeling that was stirring in the pit of my stomach. The uncomfortable clenching of my insides wasn't something that I was used to now that I was a vampire. There was really only one thing I felt, and that was thirst. Even now, the stinging in my throat was enough to sidetrack my attention from the twisting in my stomach. It had been a while since our last hunt, Carlisle was trying to gradually eliminate us from public eye, so when we decide to leave, hardly anyone would notice. I hated the idea of leaving, more and more as the conversation got brought up, really the only thing that was keeping us here so long, was Jacob. His imprint on Nessie, we all knew this was going to be a hard situation, and we did really need to figure something out before people would start getting suspicious. That was the last thing I wanted. I didn't want Nessie in danger like she had been ever again. I would make sure of this. She would be protected. "Bella, are you even paying attention," At the sound of Alice's annoyed voice I turned my head quickly to refocus my attention back on her petite pixie form. "Um, yeah, of course I was," Her eyes narrowed, her eye brow lifting up ever so slightly. "Really, then you know what dress I'm talking about," She said, holding up two different dresses in her hands, looking at me with a suspicious look. Quickly I analyzed both dresses; thinking for only half a second, deliberating on which dress was the showiest, and decided to pick that one. The light green satin dress, with the wild fringe at the bottom, or the strapless navy blue sundress that I wear when Edward and I are having our alone time out in our meadow. "The green one," I stated, reassurance came to me when I saw her shocked face. "So you actually where paying attention, good girl," I fought the urge to roll my eyes; before making my way over to her from my place at the window. "You could have just looked forward into the future to see that I was paying attention," I pointed out with a small smile. She gave me a sour look at that, and huffed, turning to bounce back into my closet to return the sundress. "You know I can't with the dog so close by, it's like looking through a mud puddle," She said shaking her head, as she returned, handing me the green dress. I sighed for a second, before holding the dress up to examine it. "Is this all really necessary?" "Of course it is, don't you want to look nice for your daughter's first birthday?" "Yes, but don't you think a dress is just a bit to formal for a child's birthday?" I said, and began to slide the dress on me. I had to admit, it was truly a beautiful dress. It was the kind of dress that only a Cullen could say they had in their closet. What was even better about the dress was the fact that it fit me perfectly. It hugged my waist, and draped around my body in a wave of elegance, and power. Both the things I gained when I was turned. "No way, this is a Cullen kid we are talking about here, it's going to be big, I invited all our friends, the only ones I'm not too sure who is coming is the Amazon coven," I shook my head at Alice, sighing a bit. It would be my mission to make this day the most special day in the world for my little baby girl. It was so hard to believe that it has only been a year that Nessie had been brought into this world. "It's just so hard to believe how much she has grown," I said with a sad smile. Alice gave me a warm hug. "I know, she's really something special," She was wasn't she? Every day, I was reminded of how lucky I was to have her in my life. She was my whole world. Her and Edward. At the thought of Edward my eyes widened. Quickly I moved to the window, peering out to see him walking towards the house with Emmett. The both of them carrying large bags, balloons, and a handful of fallen tree limbs, they were still getting the back yard decorated for the party. I missed Edward, Alice had forced me inside with this house for hours, making food, decorating inside, and basically doing everything to keep me from going outside. Nessie was with Esme, and Carlisle, helping them over at the Cullen house. And I was stuck here with Alice to greet the guests as they arrived. Emmett and Edward were setting up the table's gifts, and refreshments, While Jasper and Rosalie was out hunting. "When will people start coming?" I wondered, turning to look back at Alice; who already was changed into a beautiful black silk dress. "In a matter of five minutes the Denali's will be here," She chirped, and with a tug she had my arm and was pulling me out of my room. "Charlie and Sue will be here within a minute," She said stopping me at the door. "And please, relax; Edward will be done soon," I gave her a look, shaking my head at her once more at her bubbly smile. She knew I was missing Edward, was it really that obvious? Before I could voice my question; a knock on the door made me freeze. It was Charlie and Sue. I knew that I had good control over myself, and with a bit of effort… the pain was almost completely bearable, but this would never stop me from being afraid of accidentally hurting Charlie. "Ready?" Alice said looking pointedly at me as her hand fell onto the door knob, just pausing for that second until I gave her a nod. As the door opened I felt the wind blowing the scent of blood to my face, assaulting my senses, and lighting my throat on fire. I made no move to react to the pain of the flames biting my throat raw. "Hey Alice, nice to see you," Charlie said with an easy smile before stepping in, Sue one step behind him, her hand in his. "Glad you could make it Charlie," Alice said with a bright smile, and nodded to me. I couldn't help but smile as Charlie's eyes moved to me. Without saying a word, he pulled me into a hug. Concentrate, don't breathe; just act limp. "Hey dad," I spoke hugging him gently, the flames in my throat burning hotter, nearly making it impossible to move. It has just be so long since I've been around a human, I almost forgot how painful that it was to be around it, I focused my thoughts away from the pain, and more towards the fact that this was my father. We haven't talked for a while, and this did make me feel guilty, I didn't want to avoid him, he was always here for me… but I tried to keep my distance from everyone. This was the safest option that we had, and it would make things easier when we had to leave. "Hey Bells, how are you doing, haven't really heard from you for a while," Charlie spoke after letting me go, and returning his hand to Sue with a smile. I noticed Sue's smile as she stuck close to Charlie, seeming content, and just happy to be where he was. This was all I had ever wanted for Charlie. To have someone in his life to look after him, and make him happy… no one deserved to be alone. "I've been great," I nodded sharing the smile. "We have just been pretty busy lately." I hated to lie to him, but in a way it was half the truth. There was no such thing as a day that wasn't busy here. "Good to hear," He said gruffly, but his attention did seem slightly directed more towards Sue. A smile was on his face that I had familiarly seen on Edward's when he would watch me. Maybe Charlie would take it better than I had thought with the fact that we would be leaving. He would have Sue, maybe that would be enough for him to be alright, that's all I can hope for. "Seth and Leah should be coming by soon as well," Sue spoke up almost shyly. "Excellent," Alice smiled, and took her place back at the front door. That was my cue to take the guests out to where the party was actually going to be held. This was in the back yard, where Edward and Emmett had been setting up. I couldn't help but feel a bit excited; I would finally get a good view of Edward. I had barely gotten to see him all day. I knew it was a bit foolish, he was my husband after all, but it was still like the day we had first met. I wanted to be near him so much. The back yard, it looked amazing. The trees sat in a rainbow of gold and light purple streamers. Tables were set up in a half circle, filled with all kinds of foods that Esme and I prepared last night, along with a few coolers of beer, and other alcohol. Wooden tables went in rows across the yard, crafted perfectly smooth, and decorated specially for Nessie. Millions of pure white roses, and light pink tulips hung in a canopy of vines that woven around the tree limbs that hovered over each of the tables. It was like walking into a dream. They truly had done an amazing job, but who was I kidding, of course they did, I had no doubt in my mind it was going to be breath-taking. "Wow, they sure do know how to go all out… but I should of seen that coming after their wedding," I heard Charlie whisper to Sue. She chuckled quietly, and nodded in agreement as she to, looked around at the beauty. "Hey, it's the chief," Emmett's loud booming voice sounded. We all turned to see him and Edward heading towards us. I rolled my eyes at that for just a moment, before completely focusing my attention to Edward's beautiful eyes peering into mine. I smiled as he made it to me, capturing me