Preface Even the closest thing to Heaven on Earth can turn to hell in an instant. In my case, everything was obliterating around me, leaving behind nothing but the bitter sweet memories of my perfect life. I knew that things would never be the same, but I couldn't help but to stay hopeful. Edward and I had only grown stronger as all the events took place, but I wasn't sure if he would be able to overcome the news I had just received. He had taken this badly the first time, so telling him this time around, I was scared. Lightly I pressed the tips of my fingers to my stomach, closing my eyes for a moment. I was very aware of everything around me, including Alice's pixie-like form standing in front of me, very still, and very silent. I couldn't speak, all that I could focus on at this moment was waiting, and sure enough a light nudge in my stomach sent my body into a slight shake. "When are you going to tell Edward?" Alice wondered quietly, her face somber, and the tightness in her voice worried me. "I can't tell how this whole pregnancy is going to go, so you will need to talk to Carlisle about this as soon as possible," I shook my head slowly, unable to really believe that I was pregnant. "I'm not sure, I promise that it will be soon, I just… I don't understand how this is possible," Alice sighed, and quickly she pulled me in for a gentle hug. "I don't know how this happened, and I know this sounds crazy, but I know what I saw…" I frowned, hugging her back. "What exactly did you see?" "You, sitting in Carlisle's medical room, Edward, and Nessie was next to your bed, and sitting in your arms was a baby," I couldn't believe what she was saying, no matter how many times she had said it; it still wasn't completely sinking in to me… This had to be the best thing that has happened recently. But I still worried about Edward, what he would think of all of this. Chapter 1: Genesis Bella's Point of View Today had been a relatively eventful day. Edward, Renesmee, and I visited Charlie, and Sue. As happy as I was that I got to keep Charlie in my life, I knew there was going to come a day that I would have to say goodbye to him, forever, and the more time I spent with him, the harder the thought was, to leave him. Luckily with Sue there keeping Charlie company this did relieve a lot of my inner anxiety. After dinner with Charlie and Sue, the three of us went hunting, meeting up with Jacob. It always amazed me by how close Renesmee and Jacob were. They raced in front of us through the woods, laughing, and teasing each other as they did so. It was always nice to see my daughter happy, and the fact that Jacob really did make her happy made me happy. At least we didn't have to ever worry about her being alone. As we were finishing up our hunt, Emmett came running over to us, an eager smirk on his face. "Hey, the others are meeting up at the field for a baseball game, you guys in?" Edward rolled his eyes, but a small smile inched onto his face as he turned his beautiful topaz orbs on me. "Up to you love?" His voice was smooth. The sound of it made me shiver, but I recovered quickly to answer. "Sounds like fun," I nodded, glancing down at Renesme's bright smile. "Yeah it does," She agreed, hanging on tightly to Jacob's hand. "You have to play to Jake," Emmett's smirk widened. "Yeah, good idea Ness, how does it sound pup, your pack, against us," He challenged. "Unless you guys are too scared" "You're on vamp," Jacob shot back. "We'll meet you in the field, five minutes." "Alright, prepare to lose dog." Emmett's booming laughs echoing through the thick forest. Lightly Jacob let go on Renesmee's hand, leaning down to kiss the top of her head. "I'll see you soon Nessie," He said with a sad smile. "Bye Jake," She responded, pouting as well as he slowly backed away from us, before running right back the way that we had came. Edward glanced from Jacob's disappearing form, down to Renesmee, and made a face. "He'll be back soon," He said lightly. She turned more towards him, and nicely jumped up into his arms, hugging herself to him, resting her head on his shoulder. She didn't speak at first, as we began to follow Emmett out of the woods. But out of the corner of my eye, I watched Edward, and Renesmee. They seemed to carry a silent conversation between the two of them. With some concentration I slowly began to peel my shield back, I felt it stretching like a rubber band, back from my mind, letting my thoughts be heard. Is she alright Edward? Edward's eyes widened for a moment, looking amazed as he shifted a look at me. Just like the first time I had let him into my thoughts a smile came to his face. He gave me a quick nod in response. It's about Jacob, isn't it? Edward sighed, a frown now coming back to his face as he nodded again. I knew Edward still had a bit of a hard time with the thought of Jacob's claim on our daughter. He had imprinted on her, but she however, still had the choice in everything… But Jacob was her everything, her best friend, brother, and in Jacob's mind, he would be her soul mate. Edward and I enjoyed every moment that we had with Nessie, because we knew our time with her as a child was limited. She grew so quickly, it was frightening; I had to keep reminding myself that we wouldn't lose her. As we made it to the open field, I smiled as Nessie sprang from Edward's arms, and landed on her feet in front of us, a cheerful smile on her face once more. "Do I get to play this time?" She wondered, watching the both of us with hope dancing in her dark brown eyes. Edward paused, glancing at me, receiving my nod, before continuing. "Yes Nessie, if you would like to play you can," She beamed. "Thank you!" She said hugging both him, and me before running freely over to where Alice, and Rose was standing, instantly getting their attention. I smiled, watching her for a minute, before I felt Edward's strong arms come circling around my waist, drawing me into his chest. I still had the feeling that I was protected when I was in Edward's arms. Even though, at the moment I was still a bit stronger that him. I leaned my head back to rest on her shoulder, taking comfort to his touch. "You know, I never thought things would ever get this perfect," I muttered lowly, closing my eyes. Chills ran down my spine as I felt Edward's lips, smoothly running down my neck as he pressed me closer to him. "Thank heavens your bad luck streak is finally over," He teased quietly. I couldn't argue with that. Since the Volturi had fled from the fight, it's been nothing but easy sailing. No one trying to kill me, no sign of Volturi, even the wolves are getting along with us. Everything was perfect. "Well, let's not jinx it," I chuckled, opening my eyes again as I felt a few drops of rain dripping down on my face. Edward gave me his famous crooked smile, dazzling me into silence. "Now, if only the dog would allow us a little more time with our daughter, then I might be a bit more enthused with our alliance." I forced a tiny smile on my face. "I'm just glad they are both happy, just being in each other's company… sure it would be nice to spend more time with her… but… as long as she is happy, why complain," Edward nodded, heaving a sighed as a group of wolves came walking out, and they all came in their human form, except for one; which I instantly recognized as Leah. She stayed at the edge of the tree line, laying down, watching in the direction of the others with alertness. Jacob walked at the front, leading his pack over to us with a confident grin on his face; however, his eyes didn't seem to leave Nessie's. Since the war, Jacob's pack had drastically grown. Not only did he have Leah, and Seth, but also Quil, Embry, and the newest pack member Abigail. She had moved into La Push only a few weeks ago, as soon as she did, she phased for the first time, and managed to find her way to Jacob. At first Jacob wasn't even going to let Abigail join the pack, but when she and Seth imprinted on each other, she was accepted right in, much to Leah's distaste. "Ready to lose dogs!" Emmett called out, a big smirk on his face as they made it over to us. "Yeah right blood-sucker, we're going to take you down." Quil said smugly. "You may got the numbers, but we got the speed," "We'll see about that," Jasper chuckled, with a smirk of his own. Alice pranced in the middle, Nessie sitting on her hip with a huge smile. "To make this fair, we will do a five against five." She announced, before turning to her siblings. "Who is in?" Emmett and Jasper were the first ones to raise their hands. "Eddie, you're playing, you have no choice in the matter." Emmett said matter-of-factly. Edward rolled his eyes in response. "Whatever you say Em," He shrugged, and held me close for a kiss before letting me go, and heading over to where Alice and Nessie stood. Nessie now giggled, waving her hand in the air. "I'm in to." She said now moving down from Alice to hug herself to Edward's leg, her eyes now went to me, a pout coming to her face. "Momma should play to." I heard her say, looking up at Edward and Alice. "She is right, get your butt over here Bella," Alice said with a thrilled grin. "Your daughter wants you to play." Reluctantly I nodded, heading over to them as well. "Alright with me," I tried not to let the foggy details of my past bother me as I entered the field. The last time that I had agreed to play baseball, I had almost died at the hands of James. It was one of the memories that I wished would go away, but I remembered it too vividly. Rose held a bored look on her face, her arms folded across her chest. "I'm completely fine with sitting out of his game," She flipped her beautiful blonde curls behind her shoulders. "I don't play with a bunch of mongrels." I heard a few annoyed growls from some of the wolves at her words, but she didn't show any sign of hearing it. Emmett grinned, wrapping an arm around her waist. "Easy on the pups babe," He watched her with amusement. "On the bright side, you will make one sexy cheerleader." He purred quietly in her ear. I turned away from the scene, wishing that I couldn't hear every conversation within a few miles from here. That was one thing about my human years that I missed, being able to miss out on conversations such as this one. "Alright great, so we got our teams," Alice said with a grin, turning away from Rose and Emmett, to look at the rest of us. "Let's flip to see who gets to bat first." "Anyone have any coins?" Jacob asked, looking around expectantly. "I do," Nessie said, digging in her pocket to pull out a quarter that