Mockingjay By: Suzanne Collins Alternate ending NOTE: This is in a completely opposite universe than what is explained in my other two current fanfictions. 27_ Right when President Coin fell dead, I only heard one thing I could notice. The blood coughing laugh of Snow. As I look back, he was spewing out blood. He said something I couldn't hear, but I can tell he said, "I knew it, Miss Everdeen." Afterwards, soldiers from District Thirteen surrounded me and grabbed my arms. "Katniss!" Peeta yells. I can't see him though. "Katniss! Katniss! I…" He was cut off by the slamming of a mansion door. The soldiers, quieter than usual, lock me in my Hunger Games training room. I hear Peeta run down the hall. "Katniss! Katniss! I..." "Halt!" Plutarch yells. What is he doing? Plus, Peeta was saying he loves me, but why? I hear Plutarch walk up near my door. "Peeta, she is safe in here." I swear he is touching my door. "How do you know?" Peeta asks. "She killed Panem's new president!" "I know," Plutarch replies. "But it had to do with the new Hunger Games." Partially true. Also, she killed Prim. I did listen to Snow there. "Well, she should have said no," Peeta answers sternly. How could I when it was either Coin OR Snow who killed Prim? Now I accept it was Coin. "Now Panem has no president!" It seems like his hijacked memories kicked in. "Oh, on the contrary Peeta," says Plutarch. "We are holding a nationwide election. Paylor is running against a District 6 guy named Romney. His family was apparently governmental to the original Panem, before the districts." Okay, one, what does he mean by 'the original Panem before the districts'? Two, what about me? What will happen to me? "Okay, what about Katniss?" Peeta asks. Thank you, Peeta. "Well, the new president will decide if she is trialed or not," Plutarch says. So, I may be safe. "Voting is tomorrow. Vote well Peeta." I know he walked away. Then Peeta came to the door. "Katniss," he said. "Yeah," I say. "Are you alright?" he asks. "Enough. I heard you and Plutarch." "Oh." "Who will you choose?" I ask. "Paylor. She likes you and will spare you." "I don't know. I killed Coin." "Oh well, I hated her too." You're a good friend Peeta, I thought to myself. "Katniss," he says, breaking the minute of silence. "Yeah," I reply. He answers with, "I love you Katniss Everdeen." "I know," I reply. Then, he catches me off guard. "Do you love me?" Peeta asks. I DON'T KNOW. I can't answer yet. "Well," I say. "Well, what Katniss?" he asks. I think the door is opening and I'm right, it does. His burn-scarred face is staring straight at me. "How do you feel about me Katniss?" What should I say? What CAN I say? "Katniss?" He grabs my hand calmly. "I don't know what to say," I reply, starting to cry. "I don't know! Twelve is gone! Prim is gone! I'm not happy at all!" I'm starting to choke on my crying. "I understand," Peeta replied. "But I'm not happy with Snow hijacking my good memories. Ironically, thinking of your face calms me." I thought the thought of me triggered hijacked memories. "Katniss," he says calmly. "I can't answer you right now," I say. "Love might be the thing you need Katniss," Peeta says. I hear footsteps coming down the hall. Peeta begins, "I'll talk to you later. Love you." He kisses me on the cheek. I try to pull back but I don't. He walks down the hall to a silhouetted man. They start talking, but I can't understand anything they are saying. I shut the door and lay on the bed in my room. I think I'm worthless. Why does Peeta love me? I killed President Coin. I say to myself, "My name is Katniss Everdeen. Why am I not dead? I should be dead. It would be best for everyone if I were dead." That is true. Why am I alive. I just slept and slept. No District 12, no Prim, no happiness. It has been 3 days since I saw Peeta. A week since Prim died. I just lay miserably on my Training Center bed, waiting to hear news of the new president's idea of what to do with me. I ignore all the food Plutarch has sent me. I'm just miserable. Suddenly, an announcement from the new Capitol comes on the TV I had shut off. Plutarch comes to the screen. He starts talking. "Citizens of the new Democratic Republic of Panem, please say hello to your new President, Paylor of District Eight!" The anthem played with some new parts for the new Capitol. Paylor walks up, waves her hand around, and shows the new flag of Panem. What is strange is that it has fourteen stripes when we only have 13 districts. Paylor starts talking. "Thank you, secretary of communications. As president, I promise to bring Panem out of the hole the old Capitol put us in." Applause came out of the crowd. I recognized the auditorium they were in. It was where Caesar Flickerman did his interviews for the Hunger Games. Peeta confessed his for me there on that stage. He was also tortured there. Then. I faded out. Two days later, I awake in the Capitol hospital. I want to question the first person I see, but of course, it's Haymitch. "How are you sweetheart?" he asks. "You've been through a lot, huh?" "Yeah," I reply. He nods and I catch sight of his Southern Comfort liquor bottle in his hand. I roll my eyes. "You slept along time," he says. "Not even eating Plutarch's food. We don't want you to die Mockingjay." "I'm not the Mockingjay anymore," I say. "We won the war. My title disappeared along with Twelve and Prim." "She's not gone for good," Haymitch says. "She's in your heart. And, Twelve is being rebuilt. Paylor says you can go there if you want." Paylor! I need to fund out my fate from killing Coin. "What is she doing with me?" I ask. Ironically, she walks in. "You're free to go Katniss," President Paylor says. "You are not being charged or even tried. There was a reason you killed Coin. I don't know it, but you do. It's your personal business. After you are discharged, you may go anywhere in Panem you would like." "Okay," I reply. "What about Peeta?" "That is up to you two," Paylor says. "Love for anyone is not up to me. Only my own personal love life. No one will be treated how Finnick was because I am not a dictator like Snow was. I represent Panem as a leader. People are treated as human beings in my Panem." Nicely said. "I love Peeta," I say. "I know," Haymitch replies. "We all know that." How could Haymitch say that. It's true everyone knows, but what about Gale and the others from Twelve who were hurt by this (Peeta's family). "I'll send him in," Paylor says. He must be right out of the room. When he comes in, he's carrying a bouquet of… ROSES! President Coriolanus Snow's symbol. I'm about to scream when I recognize that they are not plain old roses, they are primroses. Prim's flower. They're for her, aren't they? As a memorial. "Peeta," I say. "Here," he says. "They're for you." "That's cute," Paylor says. He gave them to me to atone for Coin's murder of Prim, as well as Capitol children. Plus, it shows he cares. This forces me to say something I wasn't ready to tell him. "Peeta, I do love you. I was just scared because I killed President Coin." "I understand Katniss," Peeta replies. "These primroses are for Prim. She died for an unjust cause. Snow was close to surrendering." "I agree," Haymitch says. "That's why I followed your Hunger Game's vote. I knew your cause of vote would be right." Really. Well then, me and Haymitch really are alike. "Peeta," Paylor says. "We'll trust you and Katniss alone." Peeta replies, "Okay President Paylor." She nods and walks out with Haymitch. Peeta sits down on my bed and starts brushing his fingers softly in my now undamaged hair. Something had happened afterward that made the night magical. After a while, we both fell asleep in each others arms and I slept for more days, having a warm dream of that magical night after Paylor and Haymitch left. Me, Katniss Everdeen, and him, Peeta Mellark, are in love. 28_ A week later, I awaken. Peeta is at the chair next to my hospital bed. The doctors are currently testing my blood levels. "How are you sleepy head?" Peeta asks. "Tired," I say. I have slept a whole week since I last saw Peeta, and I'm still tired. Wow. "I do feel a little sick." "It's morning sickness," one of the doctors says. "It's part of being pregnant, Miss Everdeen." WHAT! PREGNANT! "It happened that night a week ago," Peeta said. That magical night led to this. I should have known. "What! I'm am pregnant!" I shout. "For real this time?" I know it is, but we did make a pregnancy up during the Quarter Quell. "I'm sorry Katniss," Peeta said. I know. I don't blame him. He was a sheltered child back in Twelve. His parents hid a lot of the adult philosophy from him. Next, Haymitch and Plutarch walked in the room with food for me and Peeta. In his good mood tone, Plutarch says, "Hello new parents." "Hello Plutarch," Peeta says. "Good news," Plutarch says. "All the unease in the districts is over. The brand new law document called the Panem Resolution just passed voting in all 13 of the districts. Panem is now a full democratic society!" Wow, Paylor is already successful for being in charge almost only two weeks. "By this resolution, President Paylor will serve for five years and then can run to be re-elected by the districts directly." "How many times can a president run to stay in power?" Peeta asks. I was wondering that too. "By law, as many times as they want," Haymitch says. "And, as long as Panem citizens want that person in power." "Wow," I say. "I know," Plutarch says. "Our next goal is to create a good education system to prevent future presidents from trying to create a new type of humanitarian crime like the Hunger Games were." Weird, he was the Head Gamemaker for the Quarter Quell. Of course, it was probably a decoy to the Capitol so he could recruit rebel forces, such as me being the Mockingjay. "Education?" Peeta asks. "Yeah," Haymitch answers. "The teachers will teach from the rise of Panem, to the first rebellion, to the old Capitol's Hunger Games, to the second rebellion, to the new Capitol's uprising, all the way to present time." Way to be thorough Haymitch. "Anyways," Plutarch says. "President Paylor just decided that she needs all the living Hunger Games victors to come and help her colonize a District Fourteen. We will move the Capitol there." "Move the Capitol?" I ask. "Move it so there is a fresh starting place for Panem," Plutarch replies. "New Capitol government equals new location for the city. Plus, there is way more land on this continent that the OLD Capitol was too dumb to claim." "This will give the NEW Capitol a lasting successful image towards the districts," Haymitch says. " We will create a 14th district with the center of it being the new Capitol city. The current Capitol city will become our western military base." "But why a whole new district?" I ask. "To prevent overcrowding in the current 13 districts," Plutarch answers. "If you have noticed, the new flag for Panem has 14 stripes. Paylor was already planning a District 14 settlement when she designed the flag." "Who will be in charge