Well this got posted faster than I thought it would. So this is the new fic I was talking about, based around an artist's drawing. Let's see, let's go through who all inspired things in this: InfiniteCity-Of course gets the biggest credit for this, since I wouldn't be writing it if not for her picture on Deviantart. It was awesome, by the way. So, if you guys want to check it out. Go find it on Deviantart. Go look up InfiniteCity and look for the picture I used for the cover art. Go praise her, she really deserves the praise for this awesome piece of art. AdurnaJierda-the story's title. After editing it and told him I was trying to think of a title, he offered me the one it has after sharing some personal stuff with me. So thank you, my beta. Viria-Some of you probably know who this is. If not, you should. She is probably one of my favorite artists when it comes to depicting Percy. Like, she gets it spot on for what I imagine him looking like. Super talented. Anyways, she inspired the last scene with Nico. Mainly the part where he clutches his head and screams, as well as thinking back to the first time he saw Percy. Go find her on tumblr and let her know how awesome she is. Chapter 1 Putting Gaea back to sleep and defeating all of her giants was a very trying and taxing experience, to put it lightly. It was something that Percy Jackson was not sure he would have ever been truly ready for, but they had managed and that was what was important. And now that it was all over, he had nothing to occupy his thoughts. It was over, finally. Would this mean that he was going to be able to settle down? Was that even possible for him? Percy looked up from the passing ground below them when someone touched his arm. Black bangs fell in his eyes when he removed his hand from its resting place on his temple when he moved. Annabeth stood there with a look of concern on her face. Her tattered clothes from the final battle had been replaced over their trip back home, but the worn look in her eyes was still present. "We're almost home," she informed him. Percy just put on a small smile and gave her a nod. She pursed her lips. "Are you okay?" His smile brightened and he slid an arm around her waist. "Of course. Why wouldn't I be?" His girlfriend just shook her head, staring up at him. "You've just been really quiet ever since we started our trip home. I'm a little worried." "I think we're all just tired and ready to get home," Percy assured her. She stood there for a long while, not really saying anything as they simply glanced below them as the Argo II sailed closer to Camp Half-Blood. From the messages they had received since their return voyage commenced, the Romans were still there. Probably partially because Hazel and Frank were on board the Argo II, and partially because there was already talk of a joint camp celebration party. Nearly forty minutes later, Percy finally got his first glimpse of the camp that he had called home since he was twelve. A real smile found its way onto his face as he began to make out the cabins. It felt like so long since he had been here, and it was long overdue. Annabeth squeezed his hand. There was already a large crowd surrounding the Argo II by the time Leo set it down . And by the time the seven demigods managed getting off the ship, they were swarmed and partially tackled by the cheering crowd. The most surprising of which came straight at Percy. The second her arms were around him, Percy felt like a child all over again. He buried his nose in her long brown hair and shut his eyes. He had missed her so much. "Mom," Percy whispered, squeezing her tighter. Sally Jackson wove her hands through his hair and held onto him like she was about to lose him all over again. "Oh, Percy, I'm so happy you're okay." Taking a step back, she ran her hand down his cheek. Percy's eyes widened when she pointed a finger in his direction. "We won't get into the fact that all I get is a voicemail to let me know you're alive, because at least you are as such." In the next instant, her arms were around him again. "Don't make me worry like that again, you here me, Perseus Jackson?" Percy couldn't help but smile. "Yes, ma'am." "Percy, my man!" Grover squeezed Percy's shoulder, beaming brightly. "So, I see you escaped from Tartarus. Didn't run into Medusa or anyone like that while you were down there, did you?" The Son of Poseidon chuckled and shook his head. "As much as I'm sure I would have enjoyed her company, thankfully we didn't see her." Percy then took notice of the short nymph on Grover's arm. Smiling, Percy gave her a nod. "Juniper." However, the next surprise was not as pleasant for Percy. Like a bull, Clarisse came stomping towards them. "Jackson! Do you have any idea what all we've been having to do to make up for your sorry tail is goofing off?" "If you count saving the world as goofing off," Leo mumbled from behind Percy. "Ah, Clarisse, that reminds me," Percy began. Stepping aside, he grabbed Frank and shoved the Roman demigod forward. "Meet Frank, he's a son of Mars. I think you'll enjoy hearing about some of his experiences from our trip." Percy glanced at Hazel, who stood beside Frank. "Actually, perhaps Hazel might tell it more to your liking." Clarisse grinned wickedly and slung her arm around Frank's neck. "Well come on then, I've been nothing but bored ever since that Roman girl and death boy arrived with that statue." Percy blinked. That's right, he needed to thank Nico, Hedge, and Reyna for bringing the statue to camp. The green-eyed demigod smiled and hugged his mother a final time. "I'll be right back, I need to talk to some people." What was left of the seven seemed to understand what he meant, as the other four followed after him. It took them a while to get through most of the crowd, and even longer to get the confetti that Travis and Connor threw at them out of their hair. But when they reached the Big House, Percy found a very satisfying sight. Chiron and Dionysus were sitting there, playing cards like they usually were. But in front of them, hands chained, was Octavian. The blond augur looked downright furious, his face nearly matching the Camp Jupiter shirt that he wore. Rachel stood over the blond, a smirk on her face. The camp's oracle nodded in agreement with something that Reyna was saying to her. The praetor had an annoyed look on her face as she shook her head. She motioned to Octavian, and whatever she said made Rachel laugh. Though, from what Percy could tell, Reyna did not seem amused herself. And then there was the final person waiting there, the person that Percy had come to owe three times at a minimum ever since their quest had begun. Nico stood behind Octavian, his arms crossed and one of his hands resting close to his sword. The boy stood in the large shadow that the Athena Parthenos cast from where it stood beside the Big House. He was also the first to notice the group approaching, his shoulders stiffening instantly. Rachel looked up and smiled brightly at them. "You're back!" She exclaimed. She jumped over Octavian, hitting the blond in the face with her foot as she did so. She skidded to a halt and walked beside Percy as the demigod walked, until they stood in front of Chiron, Reyna, and Dionysus. "Oh good, you're back, Penny Johnson," Dionysus droned. Chiron smiled warmly. Percy frowned. "That's a girl's name, sir." Dionysus briefly glanced up from his cards to arch a brow at the Son of Poseidon. "I know," he stated before playing a card from his hand. Percy rolled his eyes. Annabeth and Piper were already talking with Reyna, hugging the girl for what she had done. Percy found it odd, the girl seemed so uncomfortable with hugging the two girls back. He wondered why that was. But that was not the most confusing thing Percy found. Jason was already talking to Nico. The blond threw an arm around the Son of Hades, and pulled Nico, who squirmed insistently, into a hug. "Just accept that this is happening," Jason laughed. "I will put you six feet under, Grace!" Nico growled, struggling to grasp at his sword. When he saw no hope of reaching it, his shoulders slumped and let Jason squeeze him tighter. "I hate you," he mumbled. Jason laughed and released the pale boy. "We couldn't have done it without you, man." When Nico noticed Percy standing there, watching the two of them, the boy froze. Jason seemed to catch on and released Nico, clearing his throat. Percy stepped forward and held out his hand. Nico stared at it like he was being offered a year old taco that had been sprayed by a skunk. Percy wiggled his hand, still waiting for Nico to take it. Nico's eyes dulled and he held his hand out. Percy grinned and grasped it, using it to pull the boy into his chest. Nico's entire body went as stiff as a board when Percy wrapped his arms around Nico's back. Jason's eyes widened and he fumbled with his mouth, seemingly unsure what he should do. "You were awesome, Nico," Percy said. The boy in his arms remained silent, but his hands tightened as they balled the back of Percy's shirt up. "We couldn't have done it without you. And I owe you a lot. You might have lied when you made it seem like we didn't know each other, but you did a lot for us. You got the others to the Greece, you got the statue back here, and Annabeth and I wouldn't have made it out of Tartarus if it weren't for you." Nico did not respond. He pushed Percy back, his eyes cast to the ground with a heavy frown on his face. "You don't owe me anything," the boy mumbled. Jason stepped forward, but Nico held a hand out to stop him. Dark eyes flickered up to meet Percy's green ones. "You don't have to thank me for any of that." "But we do," Annabeth smiled. She placed her arm on Percy's shoulder, smiling down at the Son of Hades. "From all of us, thank you, Nico." Nico only lowered his gaze further, making it impossible for anyone to see his eyes. When he found the boy was not going to answer, Percy placed a hand on Nico's shoulder. "You know, I feel like I've been a really lousy friend to you ever since we met. And I'd like to change that, if you'd let me. You could stick around camp and we could talk." When the boy still did not answer, Percy turned to Annabeth for support. She just smiled and nodded, motioning towards Nico. Percy let out a sigh. This was harder than he thought it was going to be. Why was Nico being so difficult? Was accepting gratitude really so hard for the kid? Percy let out a breath before continuing. "I should have...been there for you more. You were alone, and no one should have had to endure what all you went through. So, what do you say?" Percy tilted his head to the side, hoping to catch the boy's eyes. When Nico looked up, his face was entirely blank of emotion. His hands were balled into fists at his side as