So, this was originally supposed to be Jasico, but I changed my mind. Perhaps a little bit of spoilers for the pairing, but I think anyone that is looking for Solangelo before the book comes out already knows about it. That being said, this is my contribution to Halloween this year. It's going to be several chapter, not sure how many yet. Those that know me can testify that could go on for a while. But Solangelo has always had a place in my heart. It happened somewhere a year or so ago when I was writing through chapters of Children of Loss. So, I guess that makes me the Prophet of Solangelo. Anyways, if any of you read my other Halloween fic, Smoke and Shadows, then you will be sort of prepared for this fic. Obviously, as a zombie fic, you should expect gore and death. I'm not sure about sexual content yet, so we'll see. Warning: Blood, gore, death, slash pairing, minor cases of fluff. Disclaimer: All the characters belong to Rick Riordan. Chapter 1 There has probably been hundreds of different ways that people had theorized how the world would end over the many years that humans have walked the face of the planet. Unfortunately, the one that actually happened involved most of those same humans becoming infected to terrorize the living. Yes, zombies. Well, if that was what people wanted to call it. See, it wasn't like the traditional zombies that came back to life, or even like in The Walking Dead , where everyone apparently was already infected. Before the power died, the media had been calling it a rage virus. Symptoms included a fever, slow increase in hunger, and irrational anger. Even if they weren't zombies by the traditional sense, the virus was still spread like it. Fear overtook country by country, but by the time they could identify whether individuals were infected or not, a lot of the world had already succumbed to the virus. And while America had all their guns that they loved so much, it did little to actually help them when the body got right back up after being shot. See, when people panic, they forget things like shoot it in the head. So now the world was lost. Or, at least, mankind was lost. See, that was the thing about the planet, it doesn't really give a shit about people, it will carry on even without them. Now people were all but extinct, save for the angry shells of what used to be humans running around, trying to find the next meal. In all his years, Nico had never really been happy to have been a loner, but it kind of prepared one for this when the last person Nico had spoken to had probably been two or three months ago. There were times that he had to just speak out loud to simply remind himself what his voice sounded like. The seventeen year old boy sat on the hood of a car on an abandoned road. A gun—which he would need to find some more ammo soon—sat next to him. As he ran a hand through his messy and dirty black hair, Nico tilted his head back to finish off a bottle of water that he had filled up when it had rained two days ago. The boy let out a sigh as he turned the bottle upside down, his thirst not quite sated. His dark eyes flickered up to an old road sign that stood partially up the road. The next town wasn't far away. Nico didn't like going into towns, but it was sometimes necessary. However, he avoided cities like the things that were now roaming the earth. But food wasn't that easy to come by these days, and he also needed to refuel on water. Also, if he was lucky, Nico might be able to find a new car. His last one was now out of gas, and was currently being used to sit on. It was so quiet outside, like it always was these days. There was no sound, none at all. It would have been peaceful, if it wasn't so disturbing. Nico let out a breath and hopped off of the car. If he was going to try and make a run for supplies, he would have to do it soon. The sun would set soon, and the last thing Nico wanted was to be in a city or town with those infected things. It was how Nico had survived for the past year. Make a quick run in, get what he needed, and get out. Try and avoid contact with those things as much as possible, and most definitely do not stop when there was screaming nearby. For the first few months, Nico felt horrible leaving people to die, but those days were over. It wasn't like he could help anyways. If the person was screaming, they were probably already bitten. The last thing he wanted was to get torn apart by one of those things. He had experienced enough encounters with those things to last him several lifetimes. Frowning to himself, Nico rubbed his arm tugged on the sleeve of his aviator jacket, making sure the sleeves covered his arms entirely. Letting out a breath, picked up a bag that he carried with him and his gun before heading in the direction of the town. As long as he was out by nightfall, it was all that mattered. It wasn't about outrunning the things. Well, unless they were in poor shape, then it was. Unfortunately for the uninfected, the virus seemed to allow the infected run indefinitely. Which meant that, eventually, an infected would eventually catch you. No, the trick was to be crafty. The rage and hunger was all these things felt, which meant that someone could outmaneuver them. Ducking down corridors or into rooms, climbing ladders, or finding a way to trap one of those things somewhere were things that Nico had quickly learned could help him survive. He just couldn't help but to wish that these things were the actual walking dead. Because, logically, a zombie would only last two or three years, if they were technically dead. Which meant people would only have to hold out that long, unless people kept getting infected. This? Yeah, Nico was probably going to be dealing with this into his older years. That was if he even lasted that long. If anyone on the planet could last that long. Nico let out a sigh as he reached the edge of town. He really wished that he could tell the time by looking at the sun. He had no idea how much longer it would be up. Hell, he didn't even know what day it was. Judging by the decrease of unbearable heat, Nico could only assume it was transitioning from summer to fall. Unfortunately, like the rest of the world, towns and cities tended to not be as quiet. See, the good thing about these infected was that they tended to make noise in some way or another. Whether it be from grunts or the faint sound of running, they tended to give away some way of letting people know when they were close by. This time was no different as Nico heard a few grunts nearby. Pushing himself up against the nearest building, Nico peered around the corner. Sure enough, there were at least three of those things just twenty feet away. Judging by the way they crowded around each other on the ground, Nico could only assume they had caught something. It could have been a person, but the more likely case was a deer or a dog. That was the thing that Nico always thought was odd about zombie movies. Why would they just leave animals alone? They are still food. Nico's eyes darted over one of the infected's shoulder. There was Wallgreens not far away. Maybe if he was lucky, the place wouldn't be picked clean. He fought the urge to snort. Nico? Lucky? Those two things didn't really go together. Still, it was worth a shot. His lips pressed together as he scanned the area. Moving away from the wall, Nico slid behind an abandoned car, using it as cover to get by the infected. The good news for the living was that these things didn't seem to be able to smell things, save for blood. They attacked purely on sight and sound. So, as long as you stayed out of sight and didn't make a sound, they usually didn't even know you were there. The other thing that was still a problem lay with finding a working car. Every time that he would probably open a car door, it was a chance that one of those things might hear him. And if it did crank, Nico could only hope that it would be able to make it out of town without breaking down. Or getting swarmed by those things, depending on how many were really in this town. After about five minutes, Nico finally managed to get over to the Wallgreens. Of course it had sliding doors, so Nico had to pry it open. He was just thankful that the power was dead, so that the stupid ringing noise didn't go off when the doors opened. Looking around briefly, Nico adjusted the backpack's strap on his shoulder. As far as he could tell, the place was empty. Still, it didn't stop him from doing a quick sweep of the place. Nothing. Nico let out a sigh of relief as he began to poke around the store. As expected, most of the important things were already taken or expired. He did manage to come across one can of pasta and two cartons of juice. He let out a sigh as he dropped those into his bag. The place was a bust. Maybe, if he was lucky, there would be another place in town that he could try. Leaving the store, Nico slipped down an alley next to the building. He wasn't sure how much longer he really wanted to spend in this town, but Nico did know that the sun probably wouldn't be up much longer. Maybe two hours? Three at the most. Grabbing the straps of his backpack, Nico picked up the pace. Unfortunately, he really wasn't paying attention to his feet. So, when the boy's leg made contact with a thin metal wire, it caught him off-guard. The boy clamped his mouth shut as he tumbled to the ground. Unfortunately, his hand caught a piece of glass from a broken bottle. His knee hit the bottom half of the bottle, which skidded along the ground until it smashed against the wall. A small hiss escaped his lips as he pulled it away from the ground. The shard of glass was still embedded in his palm, and blood was now dripping down his wrist. Nico cursed silently before tearing off a small strip from the bottom of his shirt. He walked quickly, removing the piece of glass and binding his hand. All a little too late, though. Nico's blood ran cold as the all too familiar sound of an angry cry rang out from the distance. Dammit, Nico thought to himself. His eyes scanned anywhere for a ladder, but he wasn't lucky enough to be given one. Pulling the gun from his back pocket, Nico turned the safety off and took off running away from the sounds of those things. Nico found himself back on one of the streets in the town. He quickly looked around for something, but his brain was already succumbing to the panic. There were cars, but there was also no guarantee that any of them would work. He could already spot flat tires on most of them. Cursing under his breath, Nico took off towards the Town Hall. The doors there were made of heavy oak, which would be