Welcome, welcome. Gaze upon my new story. I couldn't decide between House of the Wicked and Thirteen Devils, so I went with both. As I've said, I figured it would be nice to give my old readers something to entertain them with, while I get Children caught up. I've actually had this story in my head for a very long time now. But then I couldn't quite get it pieced together, so it sat in a folder on my computer for several months. And then I had inspiration! I could tell you the inspiration, but that would give away the plot. I'll share it when the story moves along. Until then, I'll share some songs that I think fit this story: Seven Devils by Florence and the Machine, Demons by Imagine Dragons, Black by Kari Kimmel, and House of the Rising Sun by Lauren O'Connell. That might have just given things away... So, I said I had some news to share when I posted something new. And, well, it's time, I suppose. I no longer have a beta. Bragi and I have cut our ties to each other, or so it would seem. Not really going to talk about it, but we've gone our separate ways. So, yeah, just be aware that I'm editing my chapters myself, and I may miss errors. I also may not go in the best direction for a story at times. I suppose it's just something we'll have to wait and see with. I just felt it was something that needed to be share, mainly over the issue with possible increases in grammar errors. Perhaps it won't be a total disaster. I feel fine with Children, I have everything mapped out in my head for that story to utter perfection. But, with the new stories, I suppose it makes me a little anxious. Warning: Language. Slight religious bashing, if you squint real hard. Slash. Disclaimer: I own nothing. Chapter 1 He had to move faster. That was all thirteen year old Percy Jackson had going through his mind as he kicked off the wall and swam back the way he had just come from. The water was calming to him, even if people were yelling, and other boys were furiously swimming beside him. The water just drowned it out. He felt calm. He just wanted to impress his parents. They had taken time out to come watch his regionals' match, and he was never one to disappoint when it came to his parents. They were surely in the crowd, watching and cheering him on. He wanted to make them proud, even if they constantly reminded him that they would always be proud of him. Even though it was his first year at his high school, he had quickly become one of the best on his team. His father had always had him around the beaches in California. He had even learned to surf at a young age. So, Percy had quickly become a natural in the water, and his father constantly reminded him of it. And his mother was not much different. She would always place her hand on Percy's cheek in that motherly way and tell him he was special. The water practically parted for him as he swam towards the end of the pool. His arms were sore, as were his legs, but none of that mattered. He knew the end was near, and he knew what he wanted. All he had to do was reach out and grab it. A horn was blown as he grabbed the edge of the pool. A huge grin broke out across his face as he removed the goggles from his eyes and looked around. He found his parents clapping for him, his mother raising the camera for a picture. He beamed at them as he raised his fist up victoriously. He ended up being wrapped in a large towel and hugged by his parents. He got a trophy and lots of congratulations from his friends. Percy smiled brightly for all the pictures he was forced to take for the next hour, the trophy held tightly in his arms. Percy was then swept away to dinner of his choice, with the promise of ice cream after. "Percy, you did swimmingly out there today," Poseidon said as the three family members at their dinner. The mother and son groaned at him. "Was that supposed to be a bad pun, Dad?" Percy made a face before shoving another bite of pizza into his mouth. As delicious as it was, it would never beat the kind his mother made. It would, sadly, never be blue. The one time he had asked for them to make his blue, he had gotten stared at very oddly. All Percy was met with was a warbling voice, whispering in the distance. A chill ran down his spine as he looked up. Suddenly, the place felt darker, the walls felt closer. And his parents were nowhere to be found. He stood there, alone, in darkness. In the distance, there was a streetlight. At its base stood a man, cigarette lit in his mouth. Taking in a deep breath, the man's face was illuminated for Percy. The corner of the man's lips tilted up. He took a step to the side, revealing Percy's father. Poseidon fell to his knees, and Percy saw it. A bullet hole was centered in Poseidon's skull. Percy's eyes widened in panic as he dashed away from the man under the streetlight. Fear overtook him. It pumped through his veins as his feet carried him as fast as they could. Blood began to flow down the streets, into the drains, like rain. Car horns were blown, though Percy never came across any. There were screams and gunshots, but Percy kept running. He refused to stop, until he heard his name being yelled. "Percy!" He knew that voice. "Mom!" He yelled into the darkness. The reply came in the form of a gunshot. He froze as the bullet came towards him. But his mother was there, suddenly, standing in front of him. She grabbed him as tightly as she could, shielding him from the bullet. The woman's nails sank into his back, the sound of the bullet sinking into his mother piercing his ears like an explosion. He stood there, shaking, as his mother's grip loosened on him. "Mom!" He began to cry, kneeling next to her dying form. "Run, Percy," she whispered. But, before he could react, a sharp pain filled his chest. He looked down to find his shirt soaked in blood. Percy slowly fell onto his side. He lay there, facing his mother's dead body. The sounds of guns going off still filled his ears, his blood pooling around him. In no time at all, Sally's eyes shot open and she reached out and grabbed his neck. Her face had become decayed, and her teeth were rotten. Her nails felt like needles as they held him. "Percy!" She wailed and lunged at him. A sixteen year old Percy Jackson shot up in his seat. His breathing was ragged as he ran a hand through his shaggy, black hair. He groaned, pulling his hand away. He was covered in sweat. Though, he had to wonder if that was just from the dream. He pulled his shirt back and checked his chest. No bullet wound. No, that had vanished just under three years ago. Still, it had become a habit of his, ever since that night. He just needed to remind himself that the nightmares were just dreams. No, that was not the right word for them. Bad reminders of what he had miraculously lived through. He let out a sigh and fell back onto his seat. He lay there, staring up at the ceiling. Making a face, he cranked his car. "How does anyone survive in this place?" He grumbled under his breath. Percy was starting his senior year in high school. But was he spending it with all of his friends? No, of course not. His aunt, who had decided not to accompany him on this trip-which she had forced him to go on-had decided to remain back in San Francisco. "You need to go find your father's family," she had said one day. The most frustrating part? She did not even know if they were still in this place. Nor could she even give him a name to look for. He loved the woman, but this felt cruel, especially with the humidity and mosquitos. He had been unaware that mosquitos could even come in the size of pterodactyls, at least until reaching this place. Louisiana, the birthplace of both his parents, or so he had been told. And even worse, it was not even in New Orleans, the one place he had wanted to visit in the state. Emphasis on the just visit part. No, he was being sent to the middle of nowhere. The place barely showed up on his phone's GPS; that was, when it actually could find signal. The only reason he had even managed to come as far as he had managed to get as far as he had was because the people of the south definitely lived up to their reputation of hospitality. Though, in some places, when he would ask where Aimes, Louisiana was, they would look at him weird. "Oh, you mean Aimes, son," most of them would say. He had not counted on them pronouncing the word like the word 'aims'. He would just sigh and nod. And then there was the amount of open space. Last night, he had driven an hour before reaching the next town. And, in that time, he had barely encountered any other vehicles. And it only seemed to get worse the closer he got to the town. "Not many people go out that ways," would be the reply from some people. To say the least, it did not ease his nerves about the entire thing. And he was not even going to get started on the lack of hills and all the swamps. Percy blew out a breath and raised his seat. He got out of his car with a groan. As much as he had wanted to just fly out here, he did need his car. With a stretch, Percy began walking towards the rest stop he was currently parked at's main building. A few truckers stood around inside, laughing and drinking some of the free refreshments. He wiped at his eyes and stifled a yawn as he stepped up to the desk. A tall woman with bright blonde hair smiled brightly at him. "Something you need, sugar?" "Um," Percy rubbed the back of his hair, "I was sort of wondering if you could give me some directions to Aimes." The woman raised a brow at him. "Well, not every day that we have people wanting to go out there," the blonde woman replied. Her accent was everything that Percy had expected from someone from the south. She pulled out a small map and pointed down at it with her bright, pink nails. "You just wanna keep going straight on this road here, sweetie. It'll take you straight into town." "Thanks," Percy mumbled. She gave him the look over. "Would you like some coffee, or something? It's free. You look a little sick." The boy shook his head. "I'll be fine." He found himself unconsciously scratching his chest. He frowned and dropped his hand. "Can I keep this?" He asked, picking up the map. She smiled a sickeningly sweet smile. "'Course, sugar. I bet the girls are gonna have a time minding themselves with a handsome young man like you coming into town." Percy gave a lopsided smile and stepped away from the desk. Placing the map into his back pocket, he headed for the exit. He peeled his collar back again, just to check. The skin was slightly pink now from where he