I'm not really sure what to put in this author note. Yes, the story was taken down, and yes I'm going to put it back up. As you can see. I am surprised that a lot of you noticed it so fast. And before anyone asks, I'm not really upset. Sure I lost the number one spot in the fandom and a year's worth of reviews, but they are all just words, right? It's also giving me time to work on my two Halloween fics while I get the chapters back up. I'm sure I won't have 700+ reviews by the time we get back to chapter 30, but what are you going to do? If I was doing it to get all that, I would be doing it for the wrong reasons. You guys enjoy the story, and that's what it's all about. I will take this time to announce that I now have my own blog, which the link can be found for on my page. Now, what I'm trying to decide on is how I want to fully use it. I could post a few chapters here, and then just move completely there, or I could just use both. As expected, if you want the unedited stuff, you'll want to go to my blog. And one more thing, I have a request or two for my most dedicated readers. Warning: Language. Dark content. Innocence lost. Brief nudity(can't get reported for that, suck it). Disclaimer: I own none of the characters. Chapter 1 Three months. That was how long Nico had been out on the streets after his family kicked him out. His father hadn't about to tolerate a "queer" living under his roof. The man had never been loving, anyways. The bruises that had faded were proof of that. His stomach growled for what seemed like the hundredth time in the past hour. Nico hadn't eaten anything in almost a week. His body was shaking from his lack of sleep, just wanting to collapse wherever he might lie. Most nights he sat in dark alleyways, crying and flinching anytime a noise was heard nearby. He would have rather been miserable lying to his family than being out here alone. Other homeless people were not friendly. He couldn't go to them, asking for food or shelter. He stayed away from them at all costs, to prevent being rolled for the clothes on his back. The streets of L.A. were now his home. How was he supposed to survive in such a place? Gangs, rapists, drug dealers, the possibilities of getting killed were endless. Did his parents care so little for him that they had no problem tossing him out into this place? Nico felt the tears building up in his eyes again. Why was he fighting the inevitable? If he just curled up and died this would all be over. He could probably find some broken glass in a dumpster. Nico bumped into someone roughly. In his weakened state it caused him to fall to the ground, landing in a pile of trash bags. The man that had bumped into him grumbled at Nico, brushed his shirt off, and kept walking. The tears started to fall from Nico's face as he lay in the pile of trash. Why was this happening to him? What had he ever done to deserve this? He was a good kid. He had made good grades in school. He had stopped going after being kicked out. What would be the point in going? Nico was never one to get in trouble. His sister, Bianca, often teased him about how innocent he was. He hadn't even had sex yet, and he was nearing seventeen. So, why had fate deemed it necessary for him to suffer like this? Sniffling, Nico pulled himself out of the pile of garbage. He stumbled, nearly falling into a streetlight. He looked around at his surroundings. He appeared to be in the high-class part of the city. Maybe he could get lucky and find some leftovers behind a restaurant. Rich people wasted food, right? Nico could only hope they did. Trying to will his tears away, Nico continued down the sidewalk. He wasn't really familiar with this part of the city, so he wasn't sure where he could go looking for food. He doubted he could find a generous restaurant employee or manager willing to give him a free meal. Not in this city. As Nico was making his way across a street, a taxi sharply turned the corner, Nico dove out of the way, but was splashed by some water as the car drove by. He shook his head, trying to shake the murky water out of his hair. It wasn't like it was going to worsen his appearance. He was already covered in dirt. He hadn't bathed in days. The only chance he got was finding some random source of water and simply drenching himself. He missed his warm shower. He sighed and continued on his way down the busy streets. As he reached the heart of the rich district, he took notice of a tall hotel building. He estimated it to be around seventy or eighty floors. He wandered closer to the bright building, looking in one of the windows. The room he was looking at was a restaurant, a very nice one. It could be no less than five stars. The people were eating lobster and steak as they carried on in their conversations. It made Nico's mouth water. He forced himself to look away, knowing he couldn't have it. He glanced up at the hotel sign. The Lotus Hotel. His legs screamed in pain as he tried to walk again. His body was so tired. Just curl up and die, he thought again. It would be easier, and his parents wouldn't miss him. Nobody would. He collapsed against the wall of the hotel, slowly sliding down it until he sat on the ground. He pulled his knees up to his chest and began to cry again. He buried his head into his knees so people wouldn't see him cry. He heard a door swing open, but didn't look up. He looked underneath his arms at the person that walked out, only seeing up to the stranger's knees. "No, everything is going fine." It was a guy. "Yes, he dropped the package off a few hours ago. I'll ship it over to you if you want." The guy sighed. "No, it wasn't like that." Another pause. "No. He tried grabbing her ass while she was on stage. There was no negotiation with me." He paused again. "Yeah, I...informed him as to the instability of his company's stocks ." Nico scolded himself for picking this spot to collapse. He didn't want someone to see him like this. People passing by were different, this was someone up close. Something about the boy's voice pulled Nico in, though. He wanted to look up and see who was talking, but didn't want to chance him making eye contact. He would rather the stranger just ignore him and go back inside. Nico figured he should get up. Try to get away unnoticed. When he moved to stand his head began to spin and he collapsed on to the pavement. His cheek was now throbbing, but he didn't care. He just wanted to lay there. His eyes became heavy and he let them fall shut. Nico let out a groan as he blinked and found the figure leaning over him. He felt a warm hand brush his bangs out of his face. "Are you ok?" he heard the voice from a moment ago ask. The door opened again and Nico could make out a smaller figure come out and approach the previous stranger. "Percy, Luke was asking for you. What are you doing out here?" "Talking to the boss." Nico felt arms reach under him. "Can you get the door for me, Leo?" The smaller figure stood back up and moved over the door. Strong arms wrapped around Nico and pulled him up to the stranger's, who's name must be Percy, chest. "Sure, boss, but what are you doing with him?" Nico groaned again, blinking up at this Percy. His face was lifted, so Nico couldn't really make out many features, other than dark hair. "Taking care of him. He looks like he needs food and a place to sleep." "But-" "No buts. You act like this is something uncommon around here." Nico made out the figure of Leo. He was around the same height as Nico. He was of some Hispanic origin. His eyes were peering up at Percy. Percy made his way into the hotel and Nico had to screw his eyes shut from the bright lights above him. Nico heard an elevator ding open and figured they had stepped inside of it. He unconsciously shifted closer to the warm chest that he was being pressed against. Nico blinked his eyes open for a moment. They were in an elevator. Leo looked over at him, giving him a friendly smile. "He's conscious." Nico looked up at his rescuer. Percy glanced down at him. Nico's eyes began to shut again. The last things he saw were warm green eyes staring down at him. Nico blinked a few times, allowing his eyes to adjust to the bright room. He was in some kind of fancy suite. His nose immediately caught scent of something cooking. He glanced down at the sofa he was laying on. Everything in this place was nicer than anything his family had back home. He heard a plate clatter against a surface. Out of curiosity, Nico pulled himself off the couch and shuffled through the doorway, lurching towards the smell of food. He found himself in the kitchen. A few loafs of bread sat on a small plate. There was a pot of what was probably soup on the stove. Standing in front of an opened fridge was the tall boy that pulled him off the streets. He had his back turned and was digging inside of the fridge for something. He finally pulled back, a bottle of water in his hand. He turned back around and immediately noticed Nico in the doorway. "You're awake," the boy said, sitting the bottle on the counter next to the bread. He watched Nico curiously as the small boy stood there, staring at the stack of bread. "It's for you." Nico's eyes snapped up to the tall boy in front of him. "Wh-What?" Nico choked out, his voice irritated from the lack of use. The black haired boy turned around and pulled the pot off the stove, pouring its contents into a bowl. He grabbed the bowl and sat it beside the bread and water. "Eat." He gestured at the food in front of him. Nico was going to say no, but his stomach protested. The boy gave him a sympathetic smile and gestured at the food again. Nico silently shuffled on to a stool and pulled the food over to him. He picked up a piece of bread first, slipping it into his mouth. He moaned as it slid down his throat. The other boy silently watched him with interest as Nico ate. "So, what's your name?" Nico glanced up at him as he swallowed a spoonful of soup. "Nico." He took a swig of water, pulling his eyes away from the other's stare. Percy's gaze was piercing, and and the way his eyes watched him made Nico feel uncomfortable. "Th-Thank you for all of this." The boy waved it off. "Don't mention it. It isn't an uncommon occurrence around here." Nico went back to chewing on some bread. "I'm Percy by the way." "T-Thank you, Percy. I guess I'll be on my way after I finish eating." Percy looked at him curiously. "Why?" What did he mean why? "Because, I-I don't want to be a burden." Percy smiled at him,