Why was he here again? Nico was meant for indoors. He was a gamer, played card games, and collected comic books. He was not meant for summer camps. This was where his friends belonged. Well, it was their fault that he was there. For a lot of his friends, it was their last few months at home before they would go off to college. Nico would still have several friends that would still be there, but it was more about a particular blond with glasses that was going to be leaving at the end of the summer. "Nico, you cannot sit in the backseat all day," Nico's father, Hades, said after he opened the car door. Nico frowned as he watched Persephone, his stepmother, dropped his and his two sisters' luggage on the sidewalk. She smiled and adjusted her sunglasses, turning back to look at Nico. "Come on, Nico, don't you want to enjoy your summer with your sisters and friends?" "I'm allergic," Nico mumbled. Hazel climbed over him to get out of the car. "To what?" With a dull look, Nico climbed out after her. Glaring when Bianca came around the car to ruffle his hair. "To the sun," he grumbled. His family was a bit complicated. Bianca was the oldest and Hazel the youngest, which left him as the practically invisible middle child. That was not the complicated part. Bianca and Nico had been born to Hades' first wife, Maria. Then, when Nico was ten, they found out that their father had an affair with a woman during a business trip to Louisiana a few years prior, and that they had a younger sister. Their mother had taken them and left. They did not see their father for a year after that, until their mother was in an accident and died. Hazel was living with their father when they came back to live with him, but not her mother. No, her mother had to be locked up in a asylum. Then, when Nico was fourteen, Hades had met Persephone. The two had married last year. And Nico was not stupid, he knew the reason they wanted all the kids out of the house for the summer. Bianca had graduated along with their friends Luke, Annabeth and Thalia, who was actually responsible for Nico's current relationship, the year before. Bianca was a counselor this year, along with the other two. Thankfully, she was not in charge of Nico's cabin. Unfortunately, however, Luke was. Nico frowned down at his phone as Persephone dug in her purse to find a camera. Hazel leaned over and arched a brow at him. "He'll be here in two day. You've survived a month without him, I think you can last a few more days." The brown-eyed boy let out a sigh and nodded. Jason, Annabeth, and Reyna would be arriving late to camp. Jason and Reyna were presidents of the student council, which was what Annabeth ran when she was a senior. Both were looking at the same school Annabeth were attending, so she was giving them an academic tour. That was after Jason's father and stepmother had flown Jason and Thalia with them to the Bahamas for a few weeks. Meaning that Nico had not seen his boyfriend since right after Jason's graduation. After taking their picture, Persephone smiled. "And don't be afraid to go to my mother if you guys need anything." Nico liked Persephone, he really did. It was just that the woman tried too hard to be liked by the kids. Still did not make Nico want to gag any less with the knowledge that Hades and Persephone were going to be trying to have a baby while the kids were gone. Nico was the hardest to get out of the house. His sisters had to finally intervene on their parents' behalf and remind Nico that he would get an entire month with Jason before the blond was leaving for college. After being away from Jason for a month had made the dilemma pretty easy for Nico. "There you all are!" Came Demeter's voice. The woman grabbed Persephone by the shoulders and pulled her daughter in for a hug. "How are you, dear?" "I'm fine, mother. Thank you for keeping any eye on the kids for us." Bianca cleared her throat. "Um, I am over eighteen." "You're helping keeping an eye on your brother and sister," Hades informed her. "Keep them out of trouble." Nico and Hazel both scoffed. "She gets into more trouble than we do," Hazel snickered. Bianca elbowed her sister. Bianca smirked in Nico's direction, who was still looking at his phone. "He means keep Jason from defiling our dear brother." Hades gave a nod. "Hey!" Nico looked up with a scowl. "I had to find out you two were dating by finding him naked in your bed," Hades stated plainly. "And to think I trusted that boy with sleepovers." "To be fair," Bianca interjected, "at least Jason is a straight A student and someone to bring home to the parents. Unlike Nico's last crush." Bianca's cap was snatched off her head by a grinning boy with black hair and sea-green eyes. "I'm so hurt, Bianca," Percy said, feigning hurt. "I thought we were friends." He slung an arm around Nico. "But I still have the nicer body." "I had to witness your naked body in my home more than Nico's actual boyfriend, Jackson," Hades said dully. "At least we weren't having sex," Nico supplied. Percy leaned in towards Nico. "Because... I'm not Nico's type." Nico shoved the boy off. "Hey! Back when I was crushing on you, you were invested in girls. Then you go and declare you're bi." Percy just grinned at him. "Do not throw blame at me for any lack of sex between us." Hades pinched the bridge of his nose. "I think it is time we left. This is not a conversation I need to hear." He patted each of his children on the head. Stopping on Hazel to tap her under the chin. "At least Frank respects my child enough not to try anything." Once their parents were in the car, Hazel leaned in to her siblings and Percy. "That's because Frank is too afraid of Dad to do anything." They left Demeter to go to their cabins. Bianca and Hazel split up with them to head to theirs, while Percy led Nico to their cabin. As it happened, Nico knew everyone in their cabin. Probably Luke's doing. Nico would not put it past the blond to have fixed the lists for the cabins. This also meant that Nico might want to murder some of his friend group by the end of the month. Mainly Leo. Possibly Percy. Unfortunately, this also meant just how much male nudity that he was going to be exposed to for the rest of the summer. Percy, Luke, and Leo had little shame when it came to their bodies. This list sometimes included Jason, but Nico wouldn't complain about that. He wouldn't have even complained at all last summer. Percy directed Nico to an empty bunk and Nico deposited his stuff on the bottom bunk. Percy slapped a hand on the top mattress. "This one can be Jason's." A wicked grin crossed the tan boy's lips. "Well, we will call it his bed. We all know where he will be sleeping for the duration of camp." Nico quirked a brow at the other raven haired boy. "Yeah? Well let me guess, your stuff is in Luke's private room?" Percy pointed his thumb over his shoulder. "I got the bunk next to yours. Luke and I aren't technically dating, since I just finished high school. Gonna talk it over during camp." His head tilted to the side. "But... I probably will sleep in his room some nights. Don't want to keep the rest of you up. A shame you and Jason don't have the privacy." "I hate you," Nico said, playfully shoving Percy. Luckily for the cabin counselors, they had their own private room, separate from the campers in the cabin. They did have to share a bathroom with the rest of them, but that was a small price to pay. Nico let out a sigh. Percy had to go and remind Nico about them leaving. Percy and Nico had been childhood friends, even living with Sally and Percy when Maria took Nico and Bianca from Hades. Percy had also been Nico's first crush, but that was ancient history. They were, first and foremost, best friends. One of Nico's best friends. The other being Reyna, who had actually started out as Jason's best friend when the blond had first moved to New York. The door swung open and in came a sweaty Frank and Leo. The Latino boy held his arms open with a huge grin. "Hey! You found the walking corpse!" The boy's grin only grew when Nico glared at him. "Welcome to the great outdoors." Frank just shook his head. "You're one to talk. We practically had to drag you away from your computer." Leo narrowed his eyes and pointed at both Nico and Frank. "How are we supposed to complete our D&D campaign out here? Not to mention I have to raid with my guild." They all jumped when a small trunk dropped down from the ceiling. They all peered up to see Luke and Grover grinning down at them. "Watch out below," Grover chuckled. Luke jumped down first, dusting off his shoulders after hitting the ground. Nico arched a brow at the chest in between all of them. "What is that?" He asked. Luke kicked the lid open. "Don't know. Grover and I got bored waiting around for the rest of you, so we decided to explore up there. Not sure why we never did." "Dude!" Grover said as he dropped down. "The attic is rather creepy." "It's just dusty," Luke mumbled. Percy bent down and dug in the trunk. He pulled out a mask and held it up to his face, peering up at the rest of the group and tilting his head ever so creepily to the side. "Looks pretty cool to me. Think how much fun we can have scaring the rest of the camp with this stuff." Luke grinned and pulled the mask down from Percy's face before capturing the green-eyed boy's lips in a searing kiss. "Okay!" Leo called out. "I have to deal with enough PDA with like Frank and Hazel, not to mention Jason and Nico. Can I not have a safe moment." The boy grumbled as he crouched down to look through the trunk. "Definitely a lot of weird shit in here." He pulled out some candles and even a knife. "Kind of cool." "Looks like something from a cult," Nico pointed out, sitting down on his bed. "Well," Luke said with a grin, "I guess we owe a thanks to whoever left it all here." He tilted his head to the side and reached down. From the chest, the blond pulled out a skull. "Do you think this is real?" "Dude!" Frank whined. "That looks pretty real. Put it back. We should tell Chiron and the other camp directors." "No way!" Percy said. He grinned and continued to pilfer through the chest. "Check this out." Percy pulled out a rather thick book that was covered in dust and looked hundreds of years old. He dropped it on the floor and sat down with it. Nico peered over the boy's shoulder as Percy began to flip through it. "That's Latin. Last time I checked, you don't know how to read Latin." Percy narrowed his eyes and stuck out his tongue. "And how would you know that it is Latin?" Letting out a sigh, Nico dropped to the floor beside Percy. He knocked the page with the back of his knuckles. "Because, my dear friend, I had to endure enough time watching Jason go over his