Chapter 1: Something Wicked This Way Comes Whenever he dreamed, it was usually the same. Not a dream, but more of a memory. A night that Jason would never forget. How could he? He had been having dinner with his parents at a nice restaurant, celebrating his election as freshman class president. His father had been very proud. He would laugh whenever his mother told a joke, while stuffing his face with the most delicious food that he had ever had. At least that's what his stomach told him after barely eating anything the day before due to his nerves over the election. But the dreams never happened the same. His memories felt fragmented. Even now, the blond found it hard to so much as remember the sound of his father's voice. His mother's was different, as her last words would always haunt him. It was while he was listening to his parents talk that he realized it was just a dream. Because he could not understand them. Their words were muffled, incoherent. Jason wanted to wake up. He always tried to. It just never worked. Not until Jason saw him. The restaurant darkened and his parents were ripped away. Jason found himself standing not far from a streetlight. It was so cold suddenly, even though Jason knew it was just a dream. It felt so, so real. Jason was not sure when the man appeared, but a strange man with a cigarette in his mouth now stood below the streetlight. The man smiled a twisted smile at Jason before stepping to the side, revealing Jason's father with a bullet hole in the center of his skull. Fear coursed through Jason's being as he ran as far and as fast away from the man as possible. Blood began to flow through the streets, swirling around him. No matter how fast Jason ran, it kept coming. There were car horns, though Jason never saw any. Behind him came the sound of a gun being fired. He just kept running. Why could he not escape? "Jason!" He heard his mother scream from the darkness. "Mom!" Jason came to a halt, frantically searching the darkness for his mother. His only reply was a gunshot. His mother appeared out of nowhere, shielding him from the bullet. She clutched him with dear life. Jason let out a scream of agony as he heard the bullet pierce his mother's back. His eyes shut tight as he felt her grip on him loosen. He remembered a bright light and his hair standing up on his arms. There was a loud pop before every light in the street shattered. His mother screamed for him to run, but Jason couldn't bring himself to let her go. He could save her. It didn't matter. As Jason continued to scream, a sharp pain hit him in the chest. It was like everything stopped. The hair on his arms fell flat as the blond collapsed to his knees. He looked down to find his shirt soaked in blood. Jason slowly fell onto his side. As blood began to pool around him, Jason spotted him. A boy, around his age, standing in the distance. It was so hard to make him out with Jason's vision fading. It was like the boy was reaching out to him. Almost like he wanted to help. The boy reached up and clutched his chest in the same place Jason had been shot. The world seemed to decay around him. Leaves and ash fell from the sky, while cars crumbled into dust. The street began to wash away. Beryl Grace's hand, now rotten and decayed, reached out and grabbed Jason's shirt. Her eyes snapped open, now hollow. Jason looked up when he felt someone standing over him. It was the boy. It was like he was not even there, like some kind of specter. "Jason!" Beryl screamed at the same moment the ghostly boy reached down and touched Jason's chest. Everything exploded Seventeen year old Jason Grace sat up in his car, now covered in sweat. Whether it was from the dream or from the horrid weather, he did not know. Frowning down at his drenched shirt, Jason brought his seat out of the reclining position. Jason reached over and picked up his glasses from the passenger seat, sliding them onto his face. He knew it was not going to be there, but Jason still peeled his shirt back to check for a bullet wound. Nothing. His dreams were always like that. It was like he could never escape from that night. It just replayed over and over, always in a different way. Things would change from time to time, but it all ended the same. His parents would die, he would get shot, and the boy would be there. Jason could never see his face, no matter how many times he dreamed about the boy. His therapist had told him his dreams were just trying to help him cope with what happened, having to witness his parents get murdered. The reports said there was no boy, nobody was even around Jason when they found him. But that was something that really stuck with him. That night, Jason swore he saw this boy, but it was like he was not really there. Just like in the dream. He touched Jason, and the next thing the blond knew, he was waking up in the hospital. The doctors had been frantic when he woke up, scrambling around due to an unexpected electrical storm. It was amazing that Jason had even lived, the doctors said. They had given him a few more hours before Jason had woke up. It was crazy, right? Dreaming about this boy that did not even exist. Yet, Jason had dreams about this boy even before his parents were murdered. He was always far away, or not even facing Jason. The blond had never seen his face, not once. He could try calling out to him, running to the boy, but it did not change anything. Jason could never reach him, never get his attention. Not until the night his parents were killed. That night, when this boy that did not even exist touched him, it was like Jason could never get him out of his head. Blowing out a breath, Jason cranked the car. "Why is this place so damn humid?" The blond grumbled as he fell back against his seat. He had to wipe his face again because of the heat. He was going to be a senior this year. And what great way had his aunt thought to celebrate it? By sending him in search of a family that he did not even know he had. What great location was he having to go to? Louisiana. Not even New Orleans at that, but a small town called Aimes. Even more frustrating, his aunt was not coming with him. No, she did not want to leave her home in California. She did, however, set Jason up with a place to stay with an old friend of hers named Mellie, who Jason had only met once or twice in his life. She was nice, that wasn't the problem, it was just frustrating to be uprooted from his home and friends to search for people that had never even tried to find him. She could not even give him a clue. Maybe she didn't know them, Jason was not sure. All she had told him was that they were supposed to live in this godforsaken town that was next to impossible to locate on a map. It would have been nice to at least know their names. How many people was he even supposed to be looking for? Sending anyone to a place like this was just cruel. How did anyone survive in this humidity, or with the mosquitoes constantly attacking you? He had been unaware that mosquitoes could even come in the size of pterodactyls, at least until reaching this place. Jason picked up his phone from the passenger seat, glaring when he saw that he did not have signal. Was it going to be like this in Aimes? If he could ever find the place. He was going to have to find some directions pretty soon. The only reason he had made it this far into the endless sea of trees was because the people down here definitely lived up to their reputation for hospitality. Some people often looked at him weird whenever he tried to pronounce the name of the town, though. "You mean Aimes, son," most of them would tell him. He had not counted on them pronouncing the word like the word 'aims'. He would just sigh and nod. And then there was the amount of open space. Last night, he had driven an hour before reaching the next town. In that time, he had barely encountered any other vehicles. And it only seemed to get worse the closer he got to the town. "Not many people go out that ways," would be the reply from some people. To say the least, it did not ease his nerves about the entire thing. And he was not even going to get started on the lack of hills and all the swamps. Turning the car back off, Jason got out of the car with a sigh. He would have much preferred to fly, but having his car would probably come in handy. Stretching his arms above his head, Jason headed into the rest stop that he had parked outside of the night before. He definitely got a lot of looks when he entered the building. A lot of the more... country gentlemen just gave him funny looks. In the defense of his attire, he was used to beaches, not swamps. And, well, the women just kind of gawked at him. The lady at the desk looked like she had not seen a man in years when she noticed Jason approach. Sorry to burst her bubble, but she was probably in her early thirties and Jason was still in high school. No thanks. "Something you need, sugar?" She asked, straightening her shirt a little bit. "Um," Jason rubbed the back of his neck, "I was sort of wondering if you could give me some directions to Aimes." The woman raised a brow at him. "Well, not every day that we have people wanting to go out there," the blonde woman replied. Her accent was everything that Jason had expected from someone from the south. She pulled out a small map and pointed down at it with her bright pink nails. "You just wanna keep going straight on this road here, sweetie. It'll take you straight into town." Jason flashed one of his bright smiles at the woman. "Thanks so much." She glanced him over, her brow knitting together. "Would you like some coffee, or something? It's free. You look a little sick." The boy shook his head. "I'll be fine." He found himself unconsciously scratching his chest. He frowned and dropped his hand. "Can I keep this?" He asked, picking up the map. She smiled a sickeningly sweet smile. "'Course, sugar. I bet the girls are gonna have a time minding themselves with a handsome young man like you coming into town." He smiled again at her, his cheeks slightly pink, and pocketed the map. When he was outside again, Jason peeled back his shirt. His skin looked slightly irritated. The blond sighed. He really needed to get that under control. Jason tossed the map into the passenger seat upon getting into his car. He wasn't that far away, according to where the woman had pointed to. That was good, at least. He groaned when he caught sight of his backseat in the mirror. His car was packed to the brim with his things. Even the floor of the passenger seat had to be used. Maybe he just needed a bigger car. After buckling up