Ashes from Fire This is the third story to the Like Father like Daughter and The Burning Wing. If you have not read these stories, it's best if you do before reading this one. Thank you all for your support and encouragement for this fanfiction series and hope this continues to a good start. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games all rights go to Suzanne Collins. Warning: This story is going to get dark that the rating might change depending where this story might be going. It'll contain Language, violence, nudity, and probably sexual scenes that might change the rating. (Unless I decide to cut them and make a side story?) You have been warned. Pairing: Cinna x OC, Katniss x Peeta, Finnick x Annie, and so on. The rebellion has been declared and all hell breaks loose, as Katniss becomes the Mockingjay. Blaine on the other hand, has joined forces with a secret division called Jabberjay in saving lives against both spectrums. With the help from Cinna and the Jabberjays, they'll do whatever it takes in showing the revelation from the light of day. Chapter 1: Politics My name is Blaine Maysilee Abernathy. Four years ago, I was reaped from District 12 and forced, by the Capitol to be a tribute for the Hunger Games. Out of the twenty-four tributes, I came out alive as victors. However I was forced into a secret unit by the President of Panem in conspiracy while being a mentor for the Games with my father, Haymitch Abernathy. The Profit Circle destroyed my identity and threatened the people I loved. One year ago, I mentored the Girl on Fire who defied the rules in order to save her tribute partner and created a scandal of the Star-crossed lovers. President Snow used me in betraying my friends by becoming a spy in convincing Panem of the love between Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark. Though during my time on operation Catching Fire, I fell in love with District 12's stylist Cinna- who was an insurgent to a secret covert unit called Jabberjay that the Capitol doesn't know about. During the third Quarter Quells, I was arrested and tortured along with Cinna for information until the Rebels infiltrated the arena saving as many tributes as they can, only to betray their allies while the Insurgents recue Cinna and me. We escaped, and declared dead to the public ever since. I was one of few victors to get out. I'm going to make sure I'm not the last. With help from the Insurgents, we are going to take the Capitol down before the rebels make the final invasion! .o0o. Damn it! I grabbed my head from another migraine as I collapsed onto my knees. I closed my eye to prevent the illusion of fear from consuming me. When Damon and President Snow try to force Cinna to confess any information about the rebels, they injected a serum that simulates my deepest fears. It has been a few weeks and nearly every day I can't sleep or breathe without nightmares. The sounds of screams bellowed in my ears, but I refused to open my eye in seeing the figment of my imagination. "Blaine," Miya called out wrapping her arms around my shoulders. "It's not real!" "I know," I whimpered still keeping my eye closed. Miya is the youngest victor alive through the Victors Purge. The victors' purge is an assemblage arrest, interrogation, and execution of previous Hunger Games victors, orchestrated by Panem's government after the Third Quarter Quell came to an unexpected ending with the invasion of the rebels. The rebels manage to rescue Katniss Everdeen, Finnick Odair, and Beetee, however not many were fortunate. For the Capitol was able to capture Peeta Mellark, Johanna Mason, and Enobaria, along with other victors. Some victors were saved by another organization, a middle ground who wants to end the Capitol power but not end it through mass destructions. This group was called Jabberjays, and they rescued a handful of victors who are willing to serve the cause of reason. However our friends are not so lucky through the Victors purge. After five minutes of suffering through another episode, the screaming stopped. I sighed slowly opening my eye to see Miya concerned. The victors purge wasn't the only problem going on. Before the rebels attacked the arena, I was arrested by President Snow and taken to interrogation not for treason, but for torture against Cinna. Cinna did the unthinkable during the interview that send Panem to an outrage in turning the Girl on Fire, Katniss Everdeen into the symbol of rebellion, the Mockingjay. His action triggered a theory of him being a rebel for District 13, when he was an insurgent for the Jabberjay. Although Cinna wouldn't betray his comrades thinking he would be executed instead of confession. Little did he consider that President Snow makes sure all traitors suffer, and that was forcing Cinna to watch me being torture by Damon until he snapped? I went through hell of being electrocuted, water boarded, flogged, and had my left eye gouged out. But the worst part wasn't only that, Damon injected a serum that creates a simulation of fear through both conscious and subconscious mind. "Are you okay?" she asked. I sighed, "For now." "Do you want me to get you something to drink?" she asked again. "Miya, every time I drink something, I'm drinking sleep syrup." I told her which she frowned slightly ashamed. The Jabberjays had been adding sleep syrup into my drinks every now and then to help me through my recovery. Only it makes thinks worse when consuming it, for it increases the nightmares instead of sleep. "Oh, Okay," she said sitting back on her bed petting Shiloh's head. It was early in the morning and life seemed hard for the both of us. Miya lost her parents since she disappeared off the radar thank to Simon for saving her and another Victor Acre. I took responsibility as Miya guardian until further notice during this war, though lately she's been taking care of me through my mental war. I wasn't insane, though on the border line to be labeled insane if it weren't for Dr. Caduceus, Cinna, and Xavier Varick putting me through therapy and testing. There had to be a cure or an anit-serum for the simulation going on in my head? It doesn't' matter, I'm going to do whatever it takes in keeping her safe… "Do you want to get some breakfast?" I asked standing up and change. "Sure," she said with a smile. The Nest as we called the Jabberjay headquarters was completely different than the Capitol. Here there are no Avox's to serve you. You serve yourself in living expensive on everything; though there was a small cafeteria we eat from with a loyal chef. Food wasn't extravagant or culinary cuisine, in fact the chef here focus on the healthy side making sure each agent follows a certain diet until necessary to have a decorative meal. Let me tell you, I love the chefs cooking compare to the training center meals. Nothing is overly sweet or rich, just right in blends of taste and worthy. Although I had to be cautious around the soups and beverages, since everyone is dosing sleep syrup to a point I'm considering too protest through fasting. "I'll see you at lunch?" Miya asked standing up. "See ya," I said waving the cowgirl off. The Jabberjays have been very competitive with the rebels the past few weeks on soldiers. Here soldiers weren't the right definition; they prefer agents when out on the fields. And that doesn't mean everybody is on witness protection living the highlife of sanctuary. Everybody is designated to a certain branch of training or work placement. For example Hacker is the main tech export on computers, hacking into the Capitol mainframe. Miya on the other hand is training in communication skills while Acre is participating in field work and combat training with Cleo and Jason. Although Lyme had returned back to district 2, in organizing the rebels there to be reasonable instead of being ruthless like the rebels have demonstrated. I however am still in recovery and intelligence on the Profit Circle. Let me tell ya, Xavier Varick and Simon were surprised of the conspiracy and scandals the circle committed from using victors in gathering information and manipulating clients on funding's. Now you know why Finnick seemed to be a dream comes true when he only wants secrets from sex. I sighed drinking my milk when Cinna sat down next to me with a newspaper. "Take a look at this," Cinna sighed handing over the Capitol news. As I read the paper Cinna continued, "The Capitol announced us dead, and that the rebels have kidnapped or are murdering other victors." "You're joking," I said, reading my name to be in the crossfire of a terrorist explosion at one of the peacekeeper departments. "Well, guess we can have a clean slate." Cinna shake his head, "Not quite, Xavier is considering of you making a large appearance to the social media, showing that their government is inaccurate." "I don't think I'll be able to face the public," I said sadly, nodding my hair down to cover my left eye patch. "Blaine, we are still looking for a donor and Hacker is making a-" "Cinna, just stop," I interrupted. "I appreciate the support, but it's pointless. Nobody in the Capitol is an organ donor or qualifies to be one. And even if there is a chance, I don't think I could live with somebody else's eye." The stylist sighed though a slight hint of approval could be heard. Unlike everybody who is optimistic about me need for sight, Cinna disagree on it. People from the Capitol think imperfection should be removed through plastic surgery, dyes, and accessories. However Cinna believes imperfection tells us who we are. Although he recommended I go through remake in order to heal faster, he doesn't show disgust or apprehension when looking me in the eye. I in the same for him, as I looked down at his hands on the table to see his interrogation scars. Damon enjoyed seeing people suffer through the most painful experience from their most valuable body part. Before Capitol traitors were mutilated, they knew information that could put the Capitol on frenzy, so their tongues were removed. Cinna case was his hands, for his hands were his tool in creating beautiful art in fashion and creation. So Damon broken the right hand, cut his fingers on both hands as his right the ring and pinky fingers distal phalange was cut off while his left hand was worst, both ring finger and pinky were gone as he kept his left hand in bandages. He too refused artificial digits for his left hand, though sometimes I wonder if he has difficulty in his work. "How are you feeling?" he suddenly asked. "Tired," I breathed taking another sip of milk. "Another nightmare or simulation?" he asked again worry. "Both," I answered. Nothing was said after that. There was nothing to be said or done with the fear simulation transmitter running inside my head activating on who knows what trigger. Dr. Caduceus believes the serum will leave my system in due time, but it's hard to believe and set hopes on. Suddenly Cinna traced his hand through my oily ponytail that I stiffened. "Blaine," Cinna sighed again shaking his head. "Shut up, okay." I almost snapped. Add Aquaphobia to my bucket of fears as the doctors puts it. How the fear simulations hold snakes, blood, past kills, and things my subconscious mind announced. Though I'm not afraid of water, I just can't stand the feeling something wet on my face. Every time I take a bath or shower, flashbacks of Damon waterboarding me pop out of nowhere that my body shuts down or shakes violently, I scream or cry, and I end