Author's Notes: My first ever fanfiction. I hope you guys like it. I'm going to have a lot of back story because I really want to build the characters' personalities. This is a Slash Peeta/Cato fanfic and will include a M/M relationship. If you don't like it, or if you feel offended, then please go away. Rated M for later more sexual chapters. Enjoy! :) (Cato probably won't show up until Ch. 3) Prologue: Chapter 1: The Cake It started with bread. "You got the last of our bread, sir," Peeta informed the customer. "This will cost ten tokens." "Wow, isn't that a bit much? Will five tokens work?" the buyer asked in an attempt to negotiate. "Sorry, sir, but we have to make a living off of this." "C'mon, kid, it's my daughter's birthday tomorrow, she's turning twelve. Can you let this slide just once?" He seemed worried. "I really can't. Sorry." the blonde boy replied in a matter-of-fact tone. "How's six tokens?" The baker boy sighed for a second. "How about eight tokens and I'll just let it go… for your daughter of course." "Thank you so much!" he responded with gratitude. The buyer handed him eight metal coins and walked out of the bakery with the medium sized bread in hand and a smile on his face. "Another satisfied customer," the boy thought out loud as he wiped a smudge off of the bakery counter with his dirty-white rag and threw it over his right shoulder. "Peeta!" his mother yelled. "What was that?" she furiously asked as she finished eavesdropping on her son. Blankness and confusion was strapped on the boy's face. "I saw you give that man a discount that never existed!" she accused. "It was his daughter's birthday. Cut him some slack! The girl's turning twelve, and it might be the last piece of bread she'll ever get from district twelve." Then comes the wooden spoon taken from its respective place just to the right of the of the cash register as she pointed it at her son's face. "That girl's chances of getting reaped is slim, you fool!" The wooden spoon came in contact with his left cheek bone with a thwaak. The recoil damage caused the blonde boy's vision to blur due to the pain it caused. He never really got used to the hits his mother gave him. He never really got used to the vision blur either. As soon as his sight reverted back to normal, he glared at the woman who just dealt a blow to his face as he made an effort to hold back tears. After she smacked Peeta with the spoon, her voice calmed down a bit to a point where she almost whispered her commands. "Now go out there and apply for tesserae. We're out of the supplies needed to bake bread." She later put the spoon back to the right of the cash register and walked back to the kitchen with her chin down. He held his glare until his will power left him and opted to walk away heading upstairs to his sick father. His dad seems to be the only one that… cared for him . What was he supposed to do but reciprocate, right? The boy saw his father sick in bed with thick blankets covering him, his face was pale as snow, his mouth was dry, his throat filled with bile, and he was coughing to relieve the pain in his voice box. "Peeta," he saw his son underneath the door frame. "come in." "Hey, Dad, how're you holding up?" he asked. "Oh, never better!" sarcasm was in his raspy, ancient voice. The blonde teen placed the back of his hand on his father's forehead. "Your temperature seems so much higher than yesterday." A sigh came out of the sick father. "Hey listen," the atmosphere became serious, "if I don't get better… if I don't make it-" "Dad," the baker's son interrupted. "No, listen, you have been the most hardworking, responsible, reliable… the point is, I want you to have the bakery." A shock was slapped on the teen's face. "But I'm only turning seventeen, Dad, you can't guarantee that I won't be reaped." "That doesn't change anything." he coughed again with the sound of phlegm escaping. Silence became loud in the room. Regardless of his father's sickness, Peeta hugged him sincerely. It was probably one of those father-son moments that are golden to the memories of the boy's ' old man.' A simple 'thank you' was all that came out of Peeta's lips. His father gave him an approving nod. "Anyway," the baker's son tried to change the subject, "mother wants me to apply for tesserae. Apparently, we're out of raw baking needs, and the money we receive is being saved for your medicine." His father noticed the red mark on Peeta's face. "Did your mother-?" "Yup." The baker's son held his hand up to the numbing, red mark as if to cover it. "Listen, don't be too upset. She's only acting that way ever since… I became sick. I really don't have any energy at all to work at the bakery or spend time with her… or my sons," regret filled his voice. "Don't even defend her, Dad," anger and yelling took over Peeta. "We all know why she's been acting like that, and believe me it has nothing to do with your sickness!" with that, he got up, but a hand stopped him. "If you sign up for anymore of those, you'll get a higher chance of you being reaped. There's no way I'm letting you do that, you hear me? I mean, can't you split it with your brother?" "He's turning nineteen before the Games, Dad. He's not legible anymore. Plus, the money we spend for your medicine is the only thing keeping you alive. I-" He paused and broke their eye contact, "I can't let you die." With that being said, he walked to the exit with his eyes attached to the wooden floors as if they suddenly became so interesting. He paused at the door way, and the baker's son turned his chin to his right shoulder, "If you need me, I'm signing up for tesserae." Peeta left the room cold and silent. His father, with a look of disbelief, can only whisper in response: "But I can't let you die, either." In District 12, the train station is the only way to contact the capitol, therefore it's the only place where teens can sign up for and receive tesserae. As he walked the shortcut route, he kept his eyes to the ground, guilt took over. "I shouldn't have yelled at him like that," he thought out loud. He sighed almost wishing he can take back the words he shot his father with. He should've known better than to yell at a sick man, his old man. His eyes wandered out of the district's borders across the electric fence. He eyed Katniss and Gale with bows and arrows slung on their backs ready to hunt for some game. Going out of the district zones are illegal, but Peeta kept his mouth shut… for Katniss' sake… and maybe Gale's as well. Don't get him wrong, Peeta tried to love Katniss just like his father wanted him to, but his heart isn't really attracted to her. Scratch that. Peeta wasn't really attract to… girls in general. He kept his eyes on Gale to admire his very attractive features. His hair, his muscles, his face, his arms. Honestly, the blonde boy was jealous of Katniss the way she could just spend time with the boy from the seam… alone… in the woods … I think you catch my drift. Peeta could only fantasize the possibilities that could happen if he can spend time with the tall brunette. "Excuse me!" an innocent voice from a little girl caught the young baker off guard. "Er. Huh?" "Can you please pass the ball?" she requested pointing at the round object leaning on Peeta's leg. He didn't even notice it there being too distracted by the two teenagers heading toward the forest. "Um. Sure. Yeah." he replied with his mind back on track. Then he granted the little girl's wishes by gently kicking the ball to her. "Yay! Thanks!" she began dribbling the ball with her feet as she ran to her group of friends to play some soccer… District 12 style. Soon, there was a cheer of out burst due to a scored goal. That's when a teenaged girl with jet-black hair and small, dark-brown eyes began walking towards the blonde boy. "Peeta!" she bellowed, "Long time, no see, Cheesecake! How've you been?" "Summer! Hi!" the young baker smiled from ear to ear at the sight of his best friend approaching him. "What's up?" "Looks like you've met my little sister. The girl with the ball?" "That's your sister?" "Yup." Then she turned to the little girl playing soccer, "Hey, June!" she bellowed again, "I'll be back. Just stay with your friends okay! Stay safe!" The little girl was too distracted with the soccer game, so she just waved at her older sibling implying an 'okay!'. Summer followed Peeta to the train station. "So," she began the conversation as they paced through the dirt path, "what have you been up to? We need to catch up on each other's lives, Cheesecake." They began with basic questions regarding school and the bakery. Of course, without a doubt, the topic of the Hunger Games were avoided. Peeta, or according to Summer, 'Cheesecake' told her about the man who bought some bread for his daughter who's turning twelve and the 'discount' he gave him due to pity. Soon enough, personal and private questions were unfolding themselves in their mini reunion. "So, do you like anyone?" Summer began. Peeta's entire face turned red as cherries after the question. He kept to himself at first and debated whether or not to tell the already grinning girl. "Oooooooooo!" she exclaimed with enthusiasm as she started to jump up and down ready to hear about her best friend's love life. "So who's the boy?" The blonde teen became wide eyed. "Shhhhhhh!" Peeta shut her up by putting his left hand behind her head and the other hand covering her mouth like a muzzle. His lips still made that 'sshhhh' shape. Then, he looked around to see if anyone heard her. "Summer!" he said in a harsh whisper, "You know what people do to people like me in this district. You have to be more quiet about this!" "Who really cares?" she asked defensively, "being who you are shouldn't be illegal anymore!" "Yeah? Well it is, and we can't do anything about it." "It's just unfair though!" "Yeah. It really sucks. Well, at least for me anyway." There was a long pause. "So... who is he?" she asked again in a more quiet tone while poking his sides mockingly. Peeta just decided to tell her anyway. After all, what's the harm? She is his only friend. Best friend, in fact. "It's Gale." he admitted still blushing. "Awww!" her voice progressively became higher. "I'm so stupid though." "And why is that?" "Because every time, every damn time, my boy-crush heart just gets attracted to a straight guy." "But you don't know if he's straight or-." "He's straight." he cut her off. "How do you know that?" The blonde boy told Summer about what he saw before his encounter with her little sister June. The way Gale and Katniss just spend every second of their time together in the forest really gives people the wrong idea, you know? Quickly, Summer locked Peeta's arm with hers as she relaxed her head on his left shoulder. "Don't worry, Cheesecake, you'll always have me." she reassured him. "You know what? I'll even set you up with a hotter boy than Gale. Don't you worry." "Haha," he laughed, "Thanks, Summer. And can you not call