Beauty and the Dark Lord Synopsis: Beauty and the Beast with a Harry Potter twist. Hermione Granger is the daughter of a merchant. When he loses all his fortune the family moves to the big forests at Shadow Hill. There she is warned of the mysterious and magical forest, and the beast that lives within. Then one day her father goes and gets himself lost in the forest and she will do anything to help him – even making a deal with a beast. It is a Hermione Granger – Tom Riddle Jr story. I saw the video by PistolShrimps on Youtube called Beauty and Lord Voldemort. If you haven't seen it, go check it out. This video inspired me to write my version of this love story. Beauty and the Beast by Disney is one film I'm looking very much forward to this year, so I've been rewatching the cartoon many times. It is also a huge inspiration for this story. The characters are a mix of their HP versions and their fairy tale counterparts, so they are true to neither. I don't see any redeeming qualities in Lord Voldemort, so his character is probably changed the most. Warning : The story has not been beta'ed and English is not my first language. I don't know when the next update will be since I am only now writing chapter 2. ... Chapter 1: Changes In a land far away there lived a girl called Hermione. Her father, Mr. Granger, was a merchant and a very wealthy one at that. He and his ships were renowned over the country and the whole world. He married the most beautiful girl in the country, Lady Michelle, and they lived a happy life. They doted on each other and on their only child when she joined them five years into their marriage. They wanted more children, but it never came to be. Hermione would be their only child, and they poured all their love on her. When Hermione was fourteen years old her mother died. She had been sick with fever for months but nothing the doctors did seemed to help, and on a Sunday in the late autumn, she died leaving her husband and her daughter devastated. Unfortunately, this was not the only tragedy to hit the Granger household as over the next two years Mr. Granger's ships hit a streak of bad luck; a few of the ships had sunk in storms, two ships had been attacked by pirates, and one ship had not been heard from in more than one year and was presumed lost. The Granger family lost all fortune because Mr. Granger had left nothing in reserve not believing his business would ever be lost like this. Mr. Granger and his daughter had nothing but each other, and the little money they could raise in auctioning off most of their personal belongings. This money could be used to start a new life, but where? The city they lived in would see the Granger name and only remember the bad luck of late and not the screwed businessman Mr. Granger had been. It was four days before the auction that a letter arrived. This letter was from Widow Smith, who was a cousin of the late Lady Michelle. She had married an innkeeper for love, and had been disowned by her family. The only family member to support her had been Lady Michelle, and now Widow Smith wanted to repay the help she had received from Lady Michelle to her family, and offered Mr. and Miss Granger a new home in village of Little Hangleton in the big forest of Shadow Hills. It was nothing special or big, but it would be a place for a fresh start at life. Hermione would be able to bring her horse, Philippe, and he could pull their wagon to their new house. They didn't bring much in the wagon. It took them four weeks to travel north to the Shadow Hills in the wagon. Their new home was so far inland that no sight or smell of the sea was present. It was only hills and trees, and a little village in the valley. Widow Smith met them as soon as they reached the village. She helped them settle in their new little house. Widow Smith ran a small inn and invited the Grangers to her establishment the very same night. They would get fed and also meet a few of the other people living in town. "Hermione, my dear girl," said Widow Smith, "you look so much like your mother. I was very saddened by her loss." "I think everyone who knew her would feel her loss keenly," replied Hermione. "I hope you will like our little town and that you will find many friends here." "Thank you, Widow Smith" replied Hermione. "I hope so too." "Please, call me Auntie. We are after all family." "Yes, Aunt," replied Hermione smiling. "You are a good girl, and I feel I must warn you," Auntie Smith said leaning in. "Our part of the world has something not seen in the big city." "What?" "Magic." "What do you mean? Magic is not real," Hermione said. "Here there is magic in the forest. It's like it comes alive at night. There is a rumor of a beast that lives in the forest. I have never seen this beast, but it is better to be safe than sorry. My warning is to be careful in the forest or you might get lost. Do not play a hero and do not go wandering at night." "Do not worry. I am not one to wander nor am I looking for heroics or adventures." "I am glad to hear it, my dear." Hermione and her father settled into their new little house easier than they had expected. Her father had trouble finding work to do, but he would work part time for Auntie Smith working on her bookkeeping, and Hermione could be found helping out in the little bookshop. Maybe it was because she was born in the big city but she didn't see the world quite in the same way as the others in the little town, and they didn't quite see her as one of them. "She's beautiful, but she is strange." "She's not like us." "Her head is always in a book." "Why does she not act and talk like normal people do?" Their new life wasn't much, but they were able to get by and the Grangers had each other, and all in all they were happy. …. One day after they had lived in the little village for almost three months a letter arrived from the city. One of Mr Granger's ships had returned. It was the one that had been expected to be lost at sea, but miraculously it had survived and so had the cargo. As Mr. Granger was about to leave he asked Hermione what she wanted as a gift from the city. "A bag of rose seeds," she replied. "I have not seen any roses grow in these parts, and I miss them. If you can find some, I would be very grateful." "For you my dear, I would bring the world," replied Mr. Granger and then he set out on Philippe. They knew it would take at least two months before he would return to her, so Auntie Smith would help take care of Hermione and their house while he was away. The months were not happy for Hermione, but she would stay strong for her father, and let each day take the next. One day almost two months after Mr. Granger had set out, and as she was making her way home from the bookshop she ran into the most popular man in town, a Mister Gaston. The most handsome man in town, but also a man who cared more about himself than anything else in the world, a man who is not only rude but also conceited, and a man whom Hermione didn't see eye to eye with. "Hey beautiful, I hear your father is not home. Why don't you come to Widow Smith's tonight and we could have some fun." She tried to sidestep him with a; "no, thank you. I am not interested." "It's about time you got away from that bookshop and used your time on something more important. Like me." "Gaston, I'm sorry. I really have to go now," and she was able to slip away from him. She knew she would have to marry one day for she could not depend on her father forever, but she really hoped never to have to settle for anything but true love. …. Less than a week after her encounter with Gaston Philippe arrived back, and though this should have brought good news it was a terrified Hermione who greeted the rider-less Philippe. Not understanding what could have happened to her father, she started to remove the saddlebags. She noticed that Philippe was covered in sweat like he had just run a long ride. "Where is Father, Philippe?" she asked as she ran her hands along his neck. In his mane her hands brushed against a flower; a red rose. "Why is there a rose in your mane? This rose could not have survived the long ride from the city. Where do you come from, Philippe? What happened?" Her eyes looked towards the direction that Philippe had come. It was straight from the forest, but her father couldn't possibly be lost in the forest, could he? "Philippe we need to find Father," she whispered before jumping on Philippe's back. Philippe's tracks were easy to follow in the grassland, but once they entered the forest, it was more difficult. She rode for hours and hours, but saw no trace of her father. She lost track of time, and when she realized the sun was setting she was so deep in the forest that she could not find her way out again. "I'm sorry, Philippe. I have gotten us lost." She whispered. She didn't know what to do; her father might be lost in the forest and now she had gotten herself lost as well. She could feel a tear of frustration was running down her cheek. As the darkness surrounded her, she could see a small flicker of light in the distance. "Let's go there, Philippe. It might be a house." She jumped off Philippe and led him along the little path. A few times she stumbled, but she didn't fall. Slowly she moved near to the light. As she got nearer she could see it was in a clearing, but it was too dark to see much else. It was just a solitary lamppost in a clearing in the forest. Its presence made no sense, but it was a pleasant light so she would not worry too much. "Let's rest here. It is better than in the forest." Moving into the clearing she could see it was actually a big clearing, and as she looked around she was surprised to see the outline of something huge on the other side of the clearing. "What is that? Is that a wall?" she asked herself. "What is on the other side?" Slowly she led Philippe across the clearing and they did indeed come to a wall and a big iron gate. She pressed her face against the gate and tried to look through it. "It's difficult to see beyond the gate in this darkness, but it looks like there is a huge building there. Like a… like a castle. What is this place?" her eyes dropped to something familiar on the ground just beyond the gate. "What is that?" slowly she moved to open the gate, and surprisingly enough it swung open easily. Her eyes never left the thing on the ground, and as she picked it up she recognized it. "Father's hat," she whispered. "He was