I watched the trees whizzing by out the large window from the outer bounds of the districts. They were so beautiful at twilight with the darkening silhouettes and the dark blues consuming the yellow, pink, and orange sunsets. My knees pulled to my chest as I sat on the large couch that rested against the window in the back of the train. I was alone in the back left with my own thoughts while Arken. the other Victor and our escort Rizzel and our mentor Tacitus were in the main dining room no doubt gorging on food. I saw no need to stuff my face, to give the capitol satisfaction in giving me such a luxury that was worth killing people over. As the sky grew darker I could see myself in the reflection and I was a mess. My hair in a loose and untamed low pony hair poking every which way with twigs and leaves sticking out. My face smeared and splattered with caked on mud. I looked like I had just woken up from a month of hibernation. Then again… in a way I had. After three years of lonely isolation and peace, ease of not having to worry about the games about death. It was all being thrown back at me, throwing me through a whirlwind. We were told if we won it be over. That we'd never have to go back, never have to worry about the games. Yet here I was on the train back to the capitol being forced back in there game of life, or maybe I should call it death. You'd think knowing about the reaping, knowing I was the only female victor alive in district 11 that I'd be on camera for all of Panem to see. That I would have gotten dolled up, washed up, that I would have done my hair cleaned under my nails scrubbed off the mud. But no, I stayed in the garden all morning until it was time for the reaping then I followed the crowds to where my life was once more going to be taken away. I knew Rizzle would be angry with me, but I didn't care. Why should I? It wasn't like their lives were on the line. I guess that's why I was sitting alone at the back of the train once more, secluded from everyone. Instead, of mingling with them, talking game and strategy. Well that and the fact my so called mentor Tacitus was a sexist, arrogant, misogynist prick. His first words when he saw me where "Women are weak, little girls are pathetic and powerless. Go back to the kitchen where you belong and bake me a cake," then strode off like he was Mr. Incredible. Even though it hurt I tried to ignore him; I'd just have to figure it out on my own. I would prove him wrong. Slowly I slid down the back of the couch into a lying position. My eyes got heavy having my body relax. I turned to face the back of the couch so I wouldn't have to see anyone. Curling myself back up, I let my eyes close fully as I laid there allowing darkness to consume me. I took long and slow deep breathes as I laid there. I had to admit the sound and movement on the train were rather soothing. Before I knew it I was lulling off to sleep. "All right, that is enough of that. You look like you've been living among pigs the last three years, now get up!" Rizzle shrill voice rang through my head I let out a muffled groan of protest shoving my head into the couch more. I knew this was a battle I wasn't going to win, but I was still as Arken put it in a "Rebellious" mood. Which really just translated into, I wasn't the happy go lucky innocence the Capital knew me as. I was the polar opposite to Katniss, the district 12 winner who seemed to oppose the capital in some ways that were unknown to the watchers. All except myself and President Snow as far as I was concerned. Even I could tell that girl was a rebel in the making. "Pascale Talladesco, get up right now young lady. We will be in the capitol any moment I don't want my victor looking like she crawled out of some pit," Rizzle voice was more demanding this time I rolled over onto my other side, squinting my eyes open from the sun. Sure enough Rizzle had the only what I could describe as the "mom" look going on. Hands on her ridiculously colorful and ruffled dressed, her head tilted down. Her momentous classic capitol couture pastel green wig towering over her. I was amazed at how she stayed on her feet with that thing on, I knew under that horrible skirt she was wearing minimum five inch heels. The more I gawked at her and her stern look I knew it was better to get up and do as she asked even if she was exaggerating, about the being in the capital anytime soon at least. Sitting up, I swung my legs over the edge of the seat before forcing myself up. As I stood up Rizzel straightened herself up a triumphant look on her face. I couldn't help but roll my eyes at her giving her a small grin. She clapped her hands together with a peaceful sigh before waving me over and motioning toward the door as she walked out. I followed closely behind her as we walked down the train to the bathroom. Passing the lounge room, sure enough Arken and Tacitus were talking strategy and how to win the games once more. They were both foolish and smart; they games were full of surprises. Arken should've known that better than anyone and known that plan A never went the way he wanted. Reaching the bathroom door, Rizzel pivoted cause me to jolt back slightly from surprise. She grinned at me as she opened the door. I had to admit the shower on the train were much more extravagant than back home. Then again, that was seemingly the recurring theme of the games. The capitol's way of reconciling for killing us. "Here's a basket of extravagant treat's while the districts are starving, no hard feelings right? Oh yeah try to die interestingly for our entertainment." They were pathetic in their attempts to woo us. "I set you out a beautiful dress. Take your time make sure you get every inch clean," Rizzle informed, and she shooed me into the bathroom closing the door behind me. "I swear you won't even make it to the games if I find even a speckle of dirt on that dress." Stepping into the room, I looked around at my surroundings. Sure enough, hanging next to the towel was a dress; a pastel green one to be exact. It looked like the child toned down version of Rizzle, apparently once more we were playing the "Let's dress you like me but less crazy" game. The first time I was in the games Rizzle had me wearing everything she was wearing just more innocent and less than I call it "Capital Couture" looking. Turning to face the mirror I had to admit I did look pretty bad, even I wasn't a fan of the grungy natural look. I at the least needed to fix my hair. It looked like humming bird was ready to shoot out of it. Reaching back, I pulled the elastic from the hair. Turning to face the shower I undressed myself tossing my dirty laundry into a corner. Fully undressed, I stepped into the shower the door automatically closing behind me. I played around with the setting for a couple moments before turning the water on. It blasted down onto me like cool refreshing water fall. Tilting my head up, I closed my eyes letting the water wash down over my face splashing down my back and shoulders. I ran my fingers through my hair, tugging out the knots and a sticks. It was harder than I thought but I got the kinks out. I gently rubbed my fingertips against my scalp, scrubbing off the dirt. Picking up the bottle of shampoo off the shelf, I squirted a large dollop onto the palm of my hand before putting the bottle back. I massaged the liquid over my scalp and hair. When my hair was fully lathered up and filled with foam I tilted my head back, rinsing the soap out leaving my hair clean and dirt free. Turning back to face the stream I started lightly rubbing my face scrubbing the dirt from it. I had to admit, the one good thing about the Capitol was their showers and bathtubs. When I felt I had finally scrubbed the last bit of grime off me I stood in the water for a few more minutes before shutting the water off and opening the shower door. I stepped out onto the bath mat reaching for a towel I wrapped one around my body before tipping my head forward letting my dark hair hang in front of me before wrapping the second towel around the back of my head twirling my head up into the towel wrapping it on top of my head. I took my time drying myself before slipping into the dress Rizzel picked out. I had to admit the colour was nice and not the worst thing she's had me in. Digging through the drawers I got out everything I needed to do my hair. I pulled myself up onto the small counter getting comfortable I set myself up and dried my hair. Once it was finally dry I pulled and played with the pieces, placing them in certain spots. After a while I finally gave up trying something fancy I took a chunk of hair on one side braiding it then doing the same on the other side before crossing them over on the top of my head in a half up do. I pulled a few stray pieces out giving it a messy elegance before smiling at myself in the mirror happy with my look. Sliding off the counter, I picked up the heels Rizzel had laying on the floor to wear and strode out of the bathroom. I swayed lightly walking towards the dining room. Reaching it, the other three were already there eating the lunch that was set out for all of us. "Rizzel, I'm not wearing these" I told her handing them to her as I sat down "Well, they are all we have, what are you going to do, go barefoot?" She giggled at her own comment I put out my lower lip tilting my head back and forth smiling to myself then turning to look at her. I could see the instant regret forming in her eyes. She would regret giving me the option of not wearing shoes. "That sounds like a wonderful Idea Rizzel," I grinned at her "Oh dear…" She mumbled to herself Aken let out a small chuckle I giggled lightly, turning back to the table placing a plate in front of me. I picked at the various food that had been laid out. As Arken talked about strategies Tacitus shot me a dirty glare. I rolled my eyes dramatically at him. Tacitus was getting on the last nerves I had at the moment. He was just a pain in the ass with his women being weak. Honestly, why was he still here if he hated me that much? I shot him a smile acting as if it didn't bother me. In reality it was something minuscule in the big scheme of things. He took mere seconds to stand up from the table, Arken following closely behind him. I watched as they started to exit the room, leaning back in my chair