Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series, or the Heroes of Olympus series. All rights go to those deserving Warning: Rated M. Contains mature content: drugs, underage alcohol consumption, intimacy and parties. Annabeth didn't plan on showing up to the party. Figuring it would be the cliché high school kicker all kids threw when their parents were out of town, she resigned herself to a night spent studying in her bedroom with the curtains drawn and blankets up and over her shoulders like a cape—the routine for most weekends. When Annabeth's best friend met her by her car after school that day, Thalia made a point to beg her to come along, and Annabeth thought she might even have gotten down on her knees and rolled over had she not been in a rush to get home and start getting ready. Obviously Annabeth declined, stating it sounded like more trouble than it was worth. Because when did high school parties ever end without serious physical-sometimes-mental damage to kids like her? Not in any teen flick she'd seen. And she certainly wasn't reckless enough to purposely engage herself in that disaster. She'd left the school that afternoon with a resolve to make herself a cup of hot chocolate once she got home. All topics of conversation over the duration of the day had somehow managed to cover whether so-and-so was showing up to the huge rager at the Stoll's house tonight, or whether whom was going with whom. And honestly, she was getting more than just sick of it. But it was when she got home, backpack heavy with unfinished homework and tired feet aching after a grueling track practice, she found her parents gussying up for a night out. It wasn't an uncommon sight in the Chase household, and while her father had looked awfully cute with his hair all gelled back—excluding a swooped cowlick that jutted back from the crown of his head—she was surprised to hear she'd been recruited for babysitting her two younger brothers. Embarrassment coated over her like a pink second skin as she came to the realization that her parents had simply expected her to be available for the night—which, to be fair, wasn't all that out of the ordinary. Despite this, she began to question herself. Was she really so predictable, that on a Friday, they knew she'd be home with nothing better to do? It wasn't her fault that decent colleges would expect no less than a perfect transcript and above average grades to even begin considering acceptance. Which meant that she needed to spend more of her time studying for her SATs than she did out boozing with her friends. Was that really such a lame thing?—and yes, she knew the answer to that, but that didn't mean she was happy about it. Her friends had always told her she was a goody-two shoes, not that she particularly disagreed with them. She knew she was a nerd; it was something she had come to terms with a while ago and didn't harbor any sour feelings over. But there was something about her parents having a more active social life than herself that bit at her, or at least she thought it should. Part of her was content to stay home with Matthew and Bobby, choking down pizza and Diet Coke while watching the newest installment of Adventure Time. But then there was the rest of her, who was embarrassed, and dumbstruck, and realizing that she should probably reassess the quality of her life a little bit. So with a reluctant sigh, Annabeth told her mom and dad to call the middle-school-aged boy down the street—she had plans for the night. The look of surprise she was met with certainly didn't help her embarrassment, but she refused to change her mind. There were some things in life she figured she'd just have to grit her teeth and get over with, and whether that included waking up hungover in a stranger's garage tomorrow morning, she didn't know. Calling Thalia before she gave herself a chance to back out, Annabeth tugged through the clothes in her closet in search of something to wear that was at least mildly not-atrocious. The inevitability of the night ending in regret was somewhat nerve-wracking, but Annabeth derived a sick kind of high from the feeling. At this moment, all she could think of was proving something. Not only to her parents, but to herself , she needed to prove that she could be more than the antisocial introvert she had supposedly become. Thalia was excited—and very surprised, for that matter. Annabeth's opinion of parties and other banalities of teenage life alike was well known among their group of friends. To demand Thalia to come around and chauffeur her to the nearest impending mistake? ...Well. Unexpected. She liked the sound of it. Her self-pride could easily be her downfall one day—cough, tonight —but she couldn't help to think she needed this. If not for its opportunity of completing teenage rites of passage, but the possibility of even having a bit of fun was enticing. And that was what she kept telling herself in moments of doubt, which would be a lie to say came few and far between because would it be so wrong for her to admit she was freaking out? It took the better amount of about ten minutes to get ready for the party in her own taste. It took all of half a second for Thalia to reject it. "Ha, no. I don't think so," she said as soon as Annabeth answered the door. Frowning, she asked, "What's wrong with it?" She wore her favorite pair of blue jeans and a T-shirt. Her best friend only laughed. "Are you going to a party, or heading down to Pizza Hut for the singles' special?" "I don't look bad," Annabeth argued, crossing her arms. "Wait, a singles' special-" Thalia rolled her eyes, pushing through the front door and dragging Annabeth up the stairs to her bedroom. Over the next half hour, Annabeth found herself being poked and prodded at by her best friend's eager fingers. She could feel the make-up coated onto her face in heavy layers, and by the time Thalia was finished, Annabeth stood in a puny crop-top paired with cut-off denim shorts. Her belly button was exposed, as well as most of her legs. After a peek at herself in the full length mirror, Annabeth couldn't stop the squeak that escaped her mouth. Someone could have easily mistaken her for a blonde, teenage Pretty Woman . Her eyes were made up in thick black liner and her lips were painted red, the soft blonde curls that textured her hair were flattened to fall down her back in straight locks. "I look like a harlot..." Annabeth muttered to herself, poking the exposed flesh of her stomach with a cringe. "You look hot," Thalia corrected with a grin. Annabeth knew there would be no way out of this now; Thalia was as stubborn as a mule when she wanted something. And in this case, it was Annabeth's virtue. One lasting look into the mirror later, Annabeth was gritting her teeth and slipping on her shoes, deciding that the regretful part of the night had come a tad early. Thalia's old sedan pulled into the driveway of a large house. She recognized the surname on the mailbox: Stoll . Connor and Travis were usually up to no good, and this definitely had not been the first party they'd ever thrown. Kicking her converses against the pavement, she waited for Thalia to get out of the car before she made a move. Going in by herself was the least ideal situation, and actually socializing? She was still practicing perfectly crafted introductions in her head. Thalia threw her a wink as she slipped her elbow through Annabeth's and walked them to the door. It was loud. As expected. There were throngs of half-dressed boys and girls floating around the makeshift dance floor, bumping into each other and looking for new dance partners in the dark heat of the room. Which, in theory, should have made Annabeth more confident about her outfit, but really just had her feeling like she was about to become a statistic. She recognized a few old faces mixed in with an abundance of new ones, and it was a little weird to see the kids she grew up with humping each other like dogs in heat. The room was practically thrumming with the raging hormones of adolescent teens. Thalia dragged her further into the house, making a pit-stop at what she deduced to be the kitchen and Annabeth had a feeling she knew where this was soon headed. "I'm not drinking, Thalia," she declared, fingers moving in attempt to stretch the fabric of her shorts to cover more skin. There were a few people in the kitchen, mostly minding their own business and getting drinks. One girl glanced at Annabeth, turning away just as quickly. Rolling her eyes, the black-haired girl grabbed a shot of something that Connor Stoll was pouring at the island counter. "Thanks, Stoll," Thalia told him, shoving the tiny glass into Annabeth's hand. "Let loose a little, would you? You're here to have fun! Prove to me that you're not a goody two shoes priss and drink this." It might have been because her best friend had basically called her a dweeb, or the fact that, well, she had been right after all, but it seemed to have done it for Annabeth. She curved her hand around the little tubular glass and swallowed back the fear coating her throat. It felt cold against her skin. The liquid inside was transparent and innocent looking enough, but Annabeth wasn't stupid. She knew that as soon as it travelled down her throat, all aspects of innocence would fly out the window. Bringing the cup to her lips, she tipped her head back and threw the fiery liquid down her throat. It sloshed and burned where it made contact and the feeling was intense and painful. She placed the glass down on the counter with an unpleasant cringe. "That was terrible," she complained, throat warm and eyes watery. "That was vodka," Thalia corrected. "And you took it better than I thought you would. Let's see how long it takes for it to kick in." Sometime around twenty minutes later, Annabeth could be found in the middle of the dance floor, swinging around in a sea of sweating bodies and moving limbs. People who knew her from school looked on at her with partly shocked, mildly impressed expressions. No one could believe that precious Annabeth Chase was actually dancing , let alone in the way that she was. Which was to say...uncharacteristic of her. She was swaying her hips along to the music, meeting the waist of a boy to her left, then releasing herself to move solo again. Thalia watched on with a look of pride, but Annabeth couldn't be bothered. After her third shot of the cheap battery acid, she was feeling unlike herself. She couldn't remember the last time she had let herself have fun—or if she ever did. Her inhibitions were low, but she couldn't find it in herself to offer a care to anyone. Which probably explained her lack of reluctance when the skeezy looking boy from her history class offered her something out of his pocket. She watched over his shoulder as he dug around in his coat, retrieving a plastic bag filled with chalky, colorful tablets. "Are those Rolaids? I don't need 'em now, but maybe tomorrow-" He laughed, slipping one into her hand and letting her study the foreign object. A little round pill, she noticed. Purple, smaller than a Rolaid. She vaguely remembered him referring to them as "beans." Wracking her brain for what beans meant in street names, she gave up once