hooligans "Grande dirty chai," he sighs, plunking into the understuffed chair to the right of her. Offering a tired hum in thanks, she accepts her usual order from his drink tray. Next time is her turn. Alex Jackson's dad blows futilely on the lid of what she knows is a steaming cup of hot chocolate, before taking a sip and recoiling swiftly at the burn. Annabeth rolls her eyes as his begin to water—he makes the same mistake every time. She hands him the napkin she'd come prepared with and he nods in thanks. Then they turn to the kindergarten teacher in front of them—the one they know entirely too well for halfway through the year. "Have either of you considered writing a horror story, 'The Torturous and Terrible Tales of Isaac and Alex?' Because I'm sure it could be a best selling three part saga. And you'd have a ton of material to work with." Mr. Zhang looks like he could use a couple aspirin; Percy Jackson pulls the go-to bottle from his messenger bag with a sorry kind of grimace, popping a few into the teacher's waiting hand. They have a routine, and it's barely December. "What was it today?" Annabeth asks, if only to humor them. In some way or another—whether argument by the playground, or fist fight in the cafeteria—their children have been painting the young teacher's face with fine lines, his hair with dustings of gray. Mr. Zhang clears his throat, pulling a stack of scribbled paper from the drawer of his desk. As he shuffles through the the load of construction paper with an expression that can only be described as painfully resigned, Annabeth's eyes slide over to the man beside her, sharing an uneasy glance as his soft green meet hers. When they've each got a sheet of construction paper in their hands, it becomes clear just why they've been called in today. The one she's been handed is orange and cut into the shape of a heart, with little smiley faces dancing at the borders. From what she can make out, the marker-drawn image in the middle depicts a young boy with features suspiciously similar to Alexander Jackson (down to the small freckle below the boy's eye—if nothing else, her son was meticulously detail-oriented.) The boy in her son's picture is laying horizontally, dark green zig zag lines of grass drawn above him like cloud cover, and it's then that— yeah , there's a tombstone above the poor boy's head and... her son drew his classmate six feet under, surrounded by smiley faces and flowers. Curiously, she leans over to look at what's in Percy's hands, and finds what can only be her son, painted with giant X's over his eyes and the word "YAY" scrawled across the top. Her eyebrows notch up in morbid surprise. With an embarrassed sound, Percy defends his son, "To be fair, ' yay ' is the only word he knows how to spell." "That doesn't help," her and the teacher deadpan in unison. Percy lets out a breath dejectedly. "I know." "We need to find a solution to this, guys," Mr. Zhang says quietly. "As much as I enjoy getting to know you better every single week , this has to come to an end." "We're trying," Percy insists. "I've talked to him at least a thousand times; I've even threatened to take away movie nights, X-Box, dessert —and he's partial to his ice cream, I can assure you." "And I've given Isaac enough ultimatums to put the Supreme Court to shame. But he's inherited the winning tenacity of his mother," Annabeth grumbles. Percy snorts. "Look, guys," the teacher sighs. "I'm not here to criticize your parenting strategies. Percy, I know you're busy at the fire station with your lieutenant retiring last month; Annabeth—you've just been assigned to design for the new movie theater they're building downtown, but I'm just looking for a solution to all of this. I don't want the other kids to look on and decide they should get involved, and then suddenly my kindergarten class is the home grounds for World War III." Annabeth's head falls into her hands; the thought of work coming in the way of parenting is shameful to say the least. "What do you suggest we do?" She inquires. "We're desperate." Mr. Zhang considers. "Have you guys tried… I don't know— forcing them into friendship? Mandatory playdates?" Percy's expression is dry. "So our home's can take the brunt of World War III?" "Yeah," Annabeth agrees, panicked. "I only have a few more months on my lease, I can't afford to gamble." " Guys ," Mr. Zhang groans. "Take them to a park, the mall, anything. I can't keep having to look over my shoulder and make sure they're not defiling the minds of their fellow five year old classmates with macabre art work. Listen, I'm all for creative outlets, but this is a little excessive for those of which have not yet lived to six ." "Taking them out in public probably isn't such a good idea either." Percy shrugs, as if it can't be helped. "You should know—you see how they are here." Frank's eye twitches. "Hey—we'll talk about it," Annabeth breaks in, trying to avoid the oncoming mental breakdown they're about to witness—she doesn't have time to drive her child's teacher to the hospital before Isaac's dad drops him off after their movie date. "Thanks for dealing with all of this, Frank. We'll try putting our heads together, just give us a little time to try and work this out." His look almost says they've had nothing but time since the monkey bar incident in September, but smartly, he remains unspeaking. Annabeth prompts Percy out of his chair, tugging him by the coat sleeve and into the hallway. "Seeya, Frank," he calls, because it's safe to assume they will. "Yeah," the teacher sighs. "Yeah, you will." Out in the hallway, walking to the parking lot, they wave to the receptionist. "See you guys next week," she hollers. They nod. Once they reach their cars, Annabeth halts before she can tug the frosted handle, turning to him. "Maybe the whole 'mandatory playdate' isn't such a bad idea. I mean, what are our other options?" He looks stricken. "I don't like the idea of using our big, adult authority to force them to be friends. What's worse than a helicopter parent that chooses who's worthy enough to be friends with their kid?" "I know. The plan sucks, but I don't know what else I can do. Isaac doesn't give me tons of problems aside from a little lip every once in awhile and I don't think Alex is as bad as Isaac makes him out to be, either." "He's definitely not," Percy defends adamantly. "So why do they hate each other?" "Beats me." She sighs, falling to rest against the passenger door of his car parked next to hers. Objectively, the guy's pretty cute; warm green eyes and a jawline made to cut her steak dinners. His son, however, is a bit of a menace if she can trust her five year old son's judgement, and he could have only adopted his mannerisms from one place, seeing as how Alex's mom isn't exactly in the picture. It's a shame, she thinks to herself, that their kids kind of hate each other. Because from what she can tell, he's a decent father. Maybe more than decent, but she doesn't hand out compliments for free. "I think it's worth a shot." She shrugs. "If they really hate it, we can just cut it short. Worst comes to worst, one of us elects to flee the country and pick up in some remote place far away from this school district." Percy nods solemnly. "Go big or go home." She laughs. "You have my number. Let me know when your schedule is free." With one last parting smile, she ducks into her car and backs out to head home. Isaac will be back soon and she needs time to mentally prepare herself for the weekend ahead of her. The next morning, Percy takes a moment to prepare himself before he texts Isaac's mom the details. He assumes that taking the chaotic duo of their children out into public world would be a cataclysmic disaster, instead volunteering to expose his house to the coming explosion, and maybe he isn't all that ready to face it head-on. But maybe he's also a little excited to see Annabeth outside the stuffy kindergarten classroom they've come to know as their home away from home—if Frank heard that, he'd probably pull out what's left of his hair. Percy writes the text message, then deletes it. He types a new message, tells himself to grow a spine, and quickly hits send before he has time to realize and accept the inevitability of a typo—his dyslexia isn't disappearing with age like he'd hoped. Three dots pop up quickly, mocking the nervous ticks of his heart. She answers with a gentle, "Here goes nothing." Smiling, somewhat dopily for a grown man, he calls his son to pick up the mountains of toys littering every inch of his house from the playroom to the bathtub—because they're expecting guests. Before they head over to the address Percy Jackson texted her, she makes a stop at her favorite cafe. She doesn't know if she could take on the day without at least two shots of espresso and a toasted bagel. Isaac trails behind her, happily humming a song he'd heard from the old CDs Annabeth's dad left in her car, blissfully unknowing of the day ahead of him. "Eric Clapton, huh?" Amusement laces through her tone but doesn't seem to affect Isaac. She steps up to the counter once the line's dwindled down, and her eyes immediately seek out the bagel rack. Of course, subconsciously, she knows not to expect much, but even after all this time, it still comes as an unpleasant surprise to see an empty basket, lined with thin paper and loose poppy seeds. Everything is the sign that hangs below it, tilted precariously, laughing at her. The boy in the sunny yellow apron behind the counter has witnessed this song and dance enough times to look mildly put off already. Annabeth's eye twitches as she flicks her sight to him. "You've been open for an hour —how could the jerk sell you out already ?" "Sorry, ma'am," the boy intones, visor haphazardly slung onto his head. "We've got cinnamon-raisin—" "Bagels with raisins are unnatural and wrong ," she snaps before he can finish his sentence. His jaw clamps shut. She has the decency to appear sheepish as he collects himself. Pinching the bridge of her nose, she lets go of Isaac's squirming hand as he runs off to the magazine rack he's been eyeing, soon plopping down at a cafe table with a yellow-bordered copy of National Geographic. "Why don't you guys make more if you know they're such a hot commodity?" she asks bitterly after placing an order for a chai latte with two shots of espresso and a hot chocolate. Sunny Apron closes his eyes for a moment, and Annabeth is close to sure he's rolling them under his dropped lids. "I'm not sure it would make a difference. He came in this morning and bought out our stock." Annabeth gapes at him, slamming the cash she'd been counting down onto the counter. "Who even needs that many bagels!" The guy tosses a scrap of paper onto the counter—a receipt, slightly crinkled and dated earlier this morning. "He left you this." On one side shows the transaction for about thirty bagels, and the back reads in messily scrawled magic marker: these bagels are everything to me . The slip crumbles in her fist as she clenches it, trying futilely to keep the heat from soaring into her veins. She wrenches a napkin from the counter, slipping a