YOU'LL NEVER WALK ALONE AGAIN i. Annabeth has spent her life stepping back. Her earliest memory of this particular situation is at seven years old. The details aren't exactly sharp and there's always a few bits that don't completely clear up, but she remembers being in the kitchen of her first home. It's her dad's day off and Annabeth is excited that her stepmother and twin brothers are away at a soccer game in the next town over. She has her father to herself, which doesn't happen often when you take into consideration his demanding job and ever present, shiny-new family. Well, she supposes they aren't really that new. But newer than her, and her dad's interest has been quite lackluster with the addition of the two stepsons and pretty Asian woman named Deb. The boys aren't much younger than her, and the resentful side of Annabeth thinks they really don't necessitate all the attention they're given. Bobby and Matthew are five years old and she's pretty sure they don't have to be babied as constantly as they are; when she was five, no one ever treated her like royalty. For now, she doesn't give these thoughts time. Because her dad sits at the kitchen counter, "Las Vegas UFO Convention" mug in hand, flipping through a stack of papers taller than Deb. He mutters quietly under his breath, "Donnie should become acquainted with spell-check..." Even at seven years old, Annabeth knows successfully interrupting her father while he's working is something of an art form, because even the latest earthquake hadn't removed him from his favorite stool at the kitchen counter. It's close enough to the coffee pot for him to reach out and fill his mug with ease, yet far enough from the stove that he doesn't worry his papers will catch fire (though from his muttered comments, you'd think it'd save him some pain to let at least a few of them go up in flames.) Squaring her small shoulders, Annabeth steps up to the stool directly beside her father's, National Geographic tucked under her arm. She remembers before he met Deb, when he would sit in his bed by the portrait of her real mother and watch documentaries in his room. Annabeth would climb up into the bed with him, sinking in the overstuffed pillows while he'd drag her to his side and squeeze her into a hug until she squealed for mercy. Carefully, she heaved herself onto the high stool. Her father didn't look up from the typed essay in front of him, red pen swishing back and forth across the paper. His brows furrowed and he continued to talk to the ghost of his student. "Do you people retain nothing..?" Her finger bisects the magazine down the middle and she spreads the colorful pages over Deb's spotless countertop. She quietly sneaks a peek at her father from under her lashes, watching as he sighs frustratedly, pushing his glasses up and pinching the bridge of his nose. Clearing her throat, she pokes him in the shoulder after a moment of hesitation. He doesn't react, and Annabeth swallows her nerves again. "Dad?" she says quietly. He scribbles angry red marks across the paper: D minus. He never liked to give failing grades, no matter how dry and rushed a paper may read. Losing her sense of direction, she glances toward the magazine for inspiration. Her reading level is higher than most kids in her grade, so it's not a stretch for her to skim through the article quickly for an idea. Once she starts speaking, she can't seem to find the brakes to stop. "Dad, look at the research they've done under the sea this summer. They've caught a rare fish, it's called a Sea Devil-a lot scarier looking than an Angel Fish, understandably. Funny, right-" "Yes, that's very interesting, Annabeth." His eyes haven't moved from the paper in his hands. Annabeth begins to feel impatient-they're wasting all of their alone time grading papers and flipping through the pages of a magazine she's read four times already. She won't let the opportunity go to waste, even if she has to use the time to prove to her father how worthy she is of his affection. Sure, Bobby and Matthew are younger and cuter, but Annabeth's a whole lot smarter than those two monkey butts, and she thinks that's what her father would appreciate above all. She just has to prove it. "But Dad. They've never had footage of this particular fish before. It's actually a bit of a breakthrough. They had to use this weird equipment to get so deep-" He sighs again, this time through his nose. "Very nice." His jaw is tight. "But Dad . They're discovering things they could have never learned before! Apparently, they had no idea this fish used its dorsal fin to swim-" "For the love of Christ , Annabeth," her father bursts suddenly, face red and glasses slipping down the slant of his nose. Startled, she jumps back, almost falling off the back of the stool before her hands catch the edge of the counter. "Please just shut up ." Nodding almost as instantly as the words leave his mouth, she quickly hops off the chair and backs out of the room with her bottom lip tucked between her teeth to block sight of the trembling. Her eyes sting as she abandons the National Geographic magazine on the counter and runs to her room. She'll spend the rest of their alone time keeping quiet and undetectable. She won't distract him again. ii. At thirteen, Annabeth is just beginning to learn how to voice her opinions. Or the fact that she can , at least. It's this newfound power humming under the surface of her skin; it's the potential to prove she knows something, that the views and thoughts that are newly forming in her are valid regardless of her age and so-thought "lack of wisdom." It's her right to have a mind that's worth accounting for. She sits in her general social studies class, a required credit for the seventh grade, and her old supremacist of a teacher stands before the room with a grace that only comes from smugness. From the knowledge that he's the molder of all the young, impressionable minds sitting before him and he intends to stretch this power he holds as far as possible. Mr. Flanders intends to state his views without expecting any kind of feedback. A current event found on a local news site sparks a sort of inspiration in Annabeth's teacher, and she feels a kind of fire start inside of her as soon as she walks into the room and sees what's displayed on the board. It's an article, cringe-worthy and hardly credible, by the looks of it. Her father's a professor, she's long since learned to tell the difference between factual evidence and malarkey. There's not much back and forth between the teacher and students once the discussion starts, Annabeth is appalled to observe. Everyone lets Flanders drawl on about the gender pay gap and how the data isn't exactly accurate when it is told that women deserve equal wage, because men, in fact, do work harder than women in most cases. Annabeth catches only a few grimaces throughout the room, only few who understand what's being fed to them: bullshit . She locks eyes with green ones across the room, who looks absolutely baffled the same way she feels. Before she has time to understand the ramifications of sharing her opinions, the threat of not being agreed with, her hand shoots up into the air with a mind of its own. Mr. Flanders' fluffy eyebrow raises in surprise. "Yes, Ms. Chase?" "I have to say I disagree." Annabeth squares her shoulders, an act not of defiance, but confidence. Only after his shock recedes does Mr. Flanders have the audacity to laugh. At her. "And what do you disagree with, young lady?" His smirk says he's already not considering what she has to say. He's preparing the response that will no doubt back up his opinions regardless. "It's impossible to say men work harder. You couldn't know, and you're hardly the best judge of that. I think you're biased. I think the whole article is biased." She looks to the projector screen at the front of the room. " When you hire a woman, you lose that certain something a male has. A focus. A one-track mind. Women have so many other innate concerns to worry about. " She feels bile rise in her throat as she reads these words, thinks of her unknowing classmates soaking up the poison. Not one of them chime in to back her up, but she thinks she might have seen someone nod from the corner of the room. It's her only beacon. Mr. Flanders now looks slightly less amused and more affronted. "Know your place, Annabeth," he snarls. Maybe he intends to return to his lecture after he says this, but Annabeth just can't imagine how someone could think this way. In this century . His latest statement only shoots gasoline into her veins, stoking the fire that started in her belly the moment she walked into the room. "Basically what you're saying is that if you were to get paid more than Mrs. Li across the hall, it would be justified? Because you work harder?" His mustache lifts as he puffs and crosses his arms. If his one-way teaching didn't provide enough horror, the atrocity of his elbow pads may have done her in. "I work plenty hard. I can't imagine many teachers share the same passion I do." "Mrs. Li won 'Teacher of the Year.' And you'll say she deserves only seventy-five cents for every dollar you make?" Annabeth begins to feel doubt once she realizes how quiet the room has gone. Mr. Flanders looks flustered and angry, a big red cherry of a nose scrunched onto his face in frustration. He takes a calming breath before beginning to speak, but the words still slither out of his grinding teeth viciously. " Detention . I'll meet you here for lunch, Ms. Chase." It's then that someone finally, mercily speaks. "That's not fair, Mr. Flanders!" The voice comes from the boy with the green eyes. He's just stood up from his seat in the corner of the room, sympathetic indignation marring his kind features. "She didn't do anything wrong!" Her body tightens with shock and she feels her jaw drop slightly. This isn't how she imagined this discussion would go. "Enough, Jackson! You can join her for lunch detention!" Flanders has steam shooting from his ears now, and he's ready to fight for his own honor, his own integrity. The boy sits down harshly, folding his arms and curling his lip. Black hair flops down onto his forehead and he shoves it away. "Gladly," he mutters. Annabeth never meant to get in trouble. Never meant for anyone else to get in trouble. Guilt churns her stomach. "Mr. Flanders-" " Shut up, Annabeth !" he seethes loudly, startling her. Her heart does a little jump as she's brought back to a time so long ago, where she'd heard the same words from her father. "I've never dealt with such disrespect. From students . I'm the teacher here, so if anyone else has something to say, kindly take it up with your own class. I won't entertain any more nonsense from the peanut gallery." In the silence of a class whose leash has just been tightened, the fight somewhere inside her dies. The word hopeless resonates in her mind, and this, it feels like a failure. She feels seven years old in her kitchen, sitting on a stool with a yellow-bordered magazine spread before her. Disconnected, she separates herself from the situation. She stands down from her argument; she steps back. iii. When she's sixteen years old, Will Solace asks to be her boyfriend. Annabeth says