the seven deadly sinners i. hazel, greed There aren't too many memories Hazel can look back on with a fond heart. It seems as if she's been in a constant limbo the entirety of her thirteen years, new obstacles littering every corner of her godly existence. She knows it comes with the territory, knows her misery comes a dime a dozen in her line of genus; no demigod ever claimed to have it easy . But, frankly, she's getting kinda sick of it. Every moment she could have longed for, any point in her life she could have wished to return to with any single piece of her being is tarnished. Long before camp or meeting the seven or her Alaskan cave death, Hazel's soul had been tied to a deadly curse. The one she was born with—the one that brought her into this world with no room for freedom. And Hazel is tired. She's fed up babysitting others' greed, controlling their tendencies. If there weren't fatal gems and stones following her every waking footstep, maybe she could have had a shot at a halfway decent life, even as the demigod daughter of Pluto. But, of course, that's only wishful thinking and nowhere near accurate as to how it all pans out. No rest from surveillance, she's forced to remain watchful at all times, protecting her schoolmates, fellow campers, friends from a curse she's not done a thing to merit. Part of her resents her mother for releasing it onto her so recklessly, then lying about who was truly at fault. She resents her father for allowing the witch to get away with it in the first place. At least she thought she could handle the curse. She thought she could take control of her life and stop living in fear. But that changes soon enough, because there's a girl from camp, and she sneaks up on Hazel, she really does. It's too late for her to notice the seven-year-old daughter of Ceres discovering a pea-sized ruby in the dust of Hazel's footprints, until she later learns of a mysterious accident causing the girl to run the camp amuck, wide-eyed and foaming at the mouth. A child with so much time, so much opportunity ahead of her is newly certified insane with a red gem pressed amateurly into the leather of her headband, and Hazel doesn't know how to handle herself. She can't keep handling the lasting greed of every living creature around her—not if she wants to stay sane, herself. And it's at this moment that she realizes it will never get easier. People will never appreciate rare stones and metals any less than they did in her first life, and then again in the second—how could she expect them to? She will never be able to control all the hunger that saturates the human race. Ultimately, Hazel is powerless against the threat of greed. She wishes for a day, a time in the future, where the earth is devoid of its fatal desire for riches. She thinks she deserves more, she longs for the freedom each human born into this world is entitled to. And that's the kind of greed that will overwhelm her being. Because she wants more for herself. Craves it in each discovery gone wrong. And she's afraid of what lengths she'd go to, to achieve her desires. To rid herself of her curse. ii. jason, sloth The world around him shouldn't leave a trail as his head moves. The trees should not follow each other's image like siblings in a game of tag. Percy should definitely not have more than three heads. "Man, that pole really got you good, Jason." Piper is blotting his forehead with a cool paper towel, stained equal parts brown and red. His vision swims as he looks again to his left to find Percy, wrinkled brows and squinted eyes taking in the sight of him. "Will he be okay enough to take his guard shift later tonight?" Percy asks, broadening his shoulders as he talks to Piper. The girl levels a glare at him that provides enough of an answer, at least by Jason's standards, but Percy seems defensive. "You know I wouldn't ask if Frank hadn't taken watch the last three nights, Piper." "He needs to rest easy. Who knows if he's concussed? It's not like there're any doctors aboard this stupid ship, or gods forbid an Apollo kid." "I was almost an Apollo kid," Frank says as he enters the med room, carrying worry on his expression like a second layer of skin. "It's alright, guys. I can take his guard shift tonight." Percy immediately holds up a hand, hushing his friend. "No. Get some rest, Frank. I'll take it." Jason wants to protest, wants to say he's fine. Tell them to stop babying him. But his mouth won't move when he commands it to, and he knows his protests would all have been a lie, anyway. He hates this—having his hands tied behind his back. He feels weak as his friends talk over him like he can't speak for himself—even if he can't . He hates that they have to in the first place, but only running through a thought process has answered him with enough confusion to almost forget the topic of conversation in the first place. Annabeth must have arrived while Jason was internally gathering himself, because she leans against the doorjamb, frowning with her arms folded over her chest. "Percy you've been on watch all day. Someone else will take over." Even with his muddled thoughts, Jason can gather from Percy's expression that he does not like the sound of that. Again, he is overcome with a feeling of incompetence and wants to argue that he is capable of carrying his own duties. He hates himself. Hates that he put his friends in a position necessary to pick up his slack. But as he tries to communicate this, his head lolls to the side and he can't get his tongue to feel normal in his mouth. Obviously noticing his distress, Piper reaches over to rub his shoulder. Her expression is one of pity and Jason blinks heavily to erase the image. Percy and Annabeth leave the room in a flurry of curt whispers—arguing; Frank lingers only a few moments, looking like he wants to say something to assure Jason that they're apt to handle his absence, but ultimately draws up empty and follows the couple out. All the reassurances in the world would fall on deaf ears; Jason is guilty of ineptitude. How is he supposed to save the world if he can't even keep his head unscathed on his shoulders? Fighting a cloud of remorse and self-doubt, he gently sends Piper for water so he can begin to settle his swirling thoughts enough to formulate a plan to get him back in commission as soon as possible. iii. leo, gluttony It's about time Leo took a break. He's spent all morning trying to stop Buford the Table from yelling out obscenities at Percy and Annabeth, but the stupid thing has given him nothing but trouble. Truthfully, he thinks Buford's maybe a little jealous of Annabeth. He always seemed to pick on Percy the most—Leo couldn't blame him. Percy was a pretty good-looking guy. But that table had put up a fight and it really took the energy out of Leo. He wipes the sweat from his forehead, sinking down onto the floor of the control room. He only wants a few minutes to himself; is it really so much to ask for when sharing the tight quarters with six other demigods in love ? It makes him sick. He reaches into the enchanted cooler, pulling out a bag of Cheetos. Man, he loves Cheetos. The sticky, orange powder coats his fingers, and he ignores the dirt and grime embedded under his nails as he sucks each digit clean. He knows he should be paying attention to the controls at least, but gods dammit, he just wanted a break. Turning in the other direction, he pulls a submarine sandwich from the cooler, along with a glass of milk. Turkey and swiss. His go-to. He eats slowly, savoring the taste and maybe exercising a bit of spite. He can take breaks, okay? He's entitled to that much. Finishing off the sandwich and the Cheetos, he slurps the milk until the glass is drained. His eyes start to flutter, drowsy from exhaustion and a full stomach. How long had it been since he slept? Two days? His eyes shut before he can tell himself it's a bad idea. … When he wakes, it's at the hand of the wickedly bleeping controls stationed behind him. He jumps to his feet, eyes squinting in attempt to clear the sleep from them as alarm shoots through his veins. He immediately begins smashing buttons, running diagnostics tests and trying to figure out what the heck was going on with his ship. It's only then that he hears the shouts of his friends above him, and the screen lights up with flashing green codes. The oars on the starboard side of the vessel are not in functioning condition and if the mighty roar that's just sounded above him is any indication, he'd say he might know why. Clumsily, he pulls the first weapon that comes to mind from his toolbelt—which, okay , a wrench is not exactly ideal or handy, but it'll do for the time being. He stumbles up the stairs, his knees weak from the nap he hasn't quite shaken off yet, and flies onto the deck to reveal the sight of a giant monster with snarling yellow teeth and acrid breath destroying the right side of his beautiful trireme. Percy is overboard, riding waves and throwing them over the beast's head, but it isn't doing much as he avidly tries to avoid drowning his friends on board. Piper's shooting dramatically oversized onions and cloves of garlic into the monster's throat as he yowls, and Leo realizes where the awful odor is coming from. " Leo !" he hears someone call, and looks to see Annabeth and Frank crouched behind an overturned table. "Stop gawking and go help them, would you!" Annabeth hisses. Frank's trembling hands cradle her head, smoothing a bandage over a nasty looking cut on her forehead. A furious fit of seawater slams into the table, and they both duck. "Fuck, Leo, now !" He springs into action, throwing the wrench into the monster's yellow eye as he tries to swallow back the guilt that threatens to make him vomit. If he'd been awake , he would have seen the ugly thing come over the radar. He wills his hands to get hot, imagines red flames engulfing his palms and hopes to the gods that this thing's ugly leather skin isn't fireproof. It's at least an hour before the beast disintegrates into a storm of sulfurous yellow dust. The cut on Annabeth's head is deep, and she lost a lot of blood throwing herself back into the fight after Frank patched her up to the best of his ability. Jason is limping and Percy's eyes are black moons of exhaustion. Hazel is unconscious . When the team retreats to rush her into the med room, carrying her limp body like it was made of glass and sending Piper to run for ambrosia and nectar, Leo lets the sour feeling of guilt overwhelm him. His eyes water and his stomach clenches—he loses what lunch remained in him over the side of the ship. iv. annabeth, pride "Why can't you just let it go ?" Piper's eyes are tired, but her jaw is razor sharp. Annabeth thinks those swirling rainbow irises aren't exactly fair . "I need to get back out there." Annabeth scrambles for an excuse. "—They need our help! We can't abandon them!" Snorting, Piper rolls her eyes. " No ," she says it like