now she's watching him with those eyes disclaimer: i do not own the characters. all rights go to those deserving a/n: jessie's girl AU with a twist for my friend wife jess's birthday! i love you babe and im sorry this is so late. (okay so your birthday was on the fifteenth and this isn't even acceptable anymore) (so late) but seriously you're awesome and i hope you like this because it was sort of fun to plan out, you know? alright, i'm rambling. love you, happy birthday :) jess is fight-against-the-youth on tumblr and y'all should follow her Okay, but seriously, Luke knew about Percy's crush. It wasn't like he was subtle about it—openly gaping as Annabeth Chase shuffled down the hallway each early morning with a Styrofoam cup of Dunkin' in her right hand, holding onto the thick strap of her backpack with the left. He'd never failed to gush about her win of the girls' lacrosse team's most important game of the season (Cough—three years ago—Cough) even going as far to say that she "made" the team in its golden age. On few occasions, Percy had even told his best friend, "Today's gonna be the day, Luke. I'll finally ask her out. She'll say yes, we'll grow up, get married, and have a hundred babies and they'll all be named Percy and Annabeth." (It didn't happen, but that was besides the point, really .) Luke knew . Totally. He had to. That was why it had felt like a slap to the face when Luke had told Percy of his new relationship status. No—not even a slap. Maybe something closer to getting the wind knocked out from his chest. At first, Percy had been supportive, clapping him on the back and asking who the "lucky lady" was. The answer had taken him off guard, obviously. Percy balked when Luke said Annabeth's name. Disbelief was the next emotion Percy felt, of course, because surely it was a joke, right? There must have been another Annabeth attending their school. Because Luke could never— would never wrong Percy that way. It was with an audible squeak that he felt something like hope curdle and spoil in his chest, when the lady herself arrived to greet her new boyfriend in a way that Percy had been dreaming of since at least the seventh grade. His whimper wasn't nearly as pathetic as the betrayal scrawled along his trembling bottom lip. Because it was indeed Annabeth Chase that pecked Percy's ( so-called ) best friend on the lips. Luke's excuse was that she had came onto him , not the other way around. ( "No, no, no Percy. Of course not. I'd never do that to you." ) Luke simply couldn't resist her, for their chemistry had been undeniable. Sure, it was explained far less eloquently in reality, but Percy couldn't stomach the story without modifying it a bit, finding more of a fairytale ending – the likes of which he'd not dare disrupt. Percy knew never to mess with fairytales – else it came to bite you in the ass. Fate, a cruel bitch mother, she was. Now, if you had never been graced with the absolute delight of a hopeless crush, you might not understand what Percy felt the coming weeks of Annabeth and Luke's progressing relationship. Some might think it was completely bonkers of him to have remained friends with Luke, and honestly, it had been hard. But he wasn't one to hold a grudge – Luke was his best friend, and Percy had missed his window of chance with the girl he lo- ...Cared for. Cared for...and stuff. With a lot of teeth-gritting and lump-swallowing, Percy was able to find it in himself to forgive Luke. Annabeth was irresistible, a fact that could help him sympathize with his friend's acts of weakness. But there was still a tiny, unforgiving thread of betrayal dangling above Percy's head. On rougher nights, he found himself staring at the ceiling of his small bedroom, the little glowy stars his mom had stuck up there were peeling and dusty in his vision. Those darker evenings, a bitter part of Percy – something alike to a little green monster – couldn't be contained. Because, goddammit , he had liked Annabeth first . By either coincidence or fate, Percy didn't know, it was one of those rueful nights that he was informed of a party. Resentful in his mopey mood, he agreed to attend far too easily, without much room for forethought. It had been just the beginning of a night made full of destructive decisions. Percy already felt dreadful and oversensitive by the time he arrived, and the alcohol now steadily flowing through his veins certainly didn't help. It was his third shot of something tingly when he found himself on the dance floor, hands on the waist of some red-head with paint-splattered jeans as she ground against him in awesome rolling movements. Maybe a small part of him knew he'd regret this, that he was still hung up on another beauty with blonde curls and far nicer hips to press upon, but he ignored that part of him, dousing it with a fourth shot of liquid fire when handed the tiny tubular glass. Well, he almost was able to ignore it. "Percy?" a voice shouted over the catchy pop song he knew he'd be humming later. "Is that you?" He knew her voice. Every time. "Annabeth!" He spun toward her, the red-head in his lap practically flying forward from the motion. She landed into the arms of another willing dude and seemed content to stay. Percy shrugged, focusing as best as he could manage on the blonde in front of him. She held a bottle of water in her hand. "You're drunk, Jackson." It was a statement, like she had no doubt about it. "Have some water." He stared at the plastic bottle of Poland Springs she was handing him, dewy clouds forming on the sides and disappearing where her fingers met the cold shell. "I don't want it," he told her honestly, crossing his arms and shrugging again. Annabeth rolled her eyes and shoved it forward, refusing to take no for an answer. Grabbing the bottle—because this was Annabeth and he'd not dare refuse her will—he looked around the thumping room as he unscrewed the cap. "You're a beautiful person, Annabeth. Like...on the outside and the inside. So nice to people and stuff. You know?" He hadn't meant to say it... Any of it, really. The offending sentences had formed in the privacy of his head, and then his mouth had blurted it for her to hear. His cheeks would have colored if he had actually regretted the action, but whatever was in that shot glass took away that particular function. She laughed. "Thanks, Perce." - He wasn't floating at the use of a nickname, no , you have no proof - "Drink the water." His tongue came out to trace the ring of plastic at the mouth of the bottle, but he didn't yet feel like taking a sip. He had something to say first; something he'd been pondering endlessly for the last few weeks. "What's so great about Luke, anyway?" He popped his tongue out of the bottle and forced his vision not to swim. "I'd treat you like a princess, An'beth. I wanted to so badly. Why does Luke get that? He doesn't deserve it." Annabeth swallowed. "Percy, I told you to drink the water. You're not thinking right." "I'm thinking perfectly good!" he protested, though placating her by bringing the bottle to his lips for a thick gulp of the cool liquid. "I've never told you what I feel." It was obvious to him that she was getting nervous, but he didn't know why. He only wanted to talk to her, and he couldn't find what was so wrong in that. "Why don't we go somewhere else, Perce? I don't think it's best to be out here right now." She ended up leading him upstairs, and they found an unused bedroom. Even in his inebriated state, he still knew what happened in bedrooms at high school parties. And he was disappointed to think they had really only come up to talk. Like... actually talk. Not even as an excuse. A pout curled his lips when he plopped onto the bed, waiting for Annabeth to join him after she locked the door. "Percy," she sighed, coming to sit by his feet. "Drink the water, please. I want to know that you're being honest with me." "I am," he said, instinctively making a grab for her hand. Her eyes widened a little and he drank some more water just in case she was about to get mad at him. Nope, he didn't want that. "I just don't understand." Gray eyes softened and Percy thought he might have imagined her gripping his hand back. "What don't you understand?" she asked gently. "Why, after years of me pining over you and practically kissing the ground you walk on, Luke was the one you chose." It was clear to Percy that the water hadn't begun to take its intended effect on him yet. With as much as he drank, he didn't have the ability to partake in mindful thinking. He might have stopped stuttering, but it'd take a little longer for his conscious to return. The direct result being...well, this . "Percy...what are you talking about?" Her voice was strained and he definitely didn't make up the squeeze of her hand this time. Even he could hear how heartbroken he sounded. "Why him?" Her free hand came up to scrub her face. She was scowling. "This is what I'm talking about – why I'd rather you be sober right now." "Just because I'm being more open doesn't mean I'm lying," he snapped. "Stop making me seem like some kinda criminal because I drank a little." He dropped her hand. Throat crackling – not with emotion, of course not – he brought the bottle of water to his lips again, chugging until the container was empty. "I'll get you some more," Annabeth muttered too quickly, disappearing into the attached bathroom. She was back after a few minutes, shaky hands thrusting the bottle to him again. He drank some more. And it was silent for a long time. Percy took sips of his water every few seconds, and luckily began to feel a little more like himself with every passing minute. The alcohol in his system helped him not to feel awkward with the lack of conversation between them. She sat to his left, playing with her fingers or tugging at loose strings on the blanket beneath them. She remained quiet. His mind slowly returned piece by piece, and the thumping loud music and shouts of his drunken classmates outside the door was steadily starting to become more annoying. It had taken a while, but Annabeth was the first to speak. "So...You like me?" He tried not to scoff. "Yeah. For a while now." "Now I don't understand." Something like heat rose in Percy. Under normal circumstances, he was a lot better at reigning in his emotions. But these weren't normal circumstances. He wasn't as sober as he usually was. "How someone like me could even hope to have a chance with you? Yeah, believe me, I don't understand either." While he was feeling a lot less intoxicated, Percy still felt potent sureness sweep inside him. It was easier to feel mad like this, with his conscious still making its slow journey back. Her expression mirrored the same hurt he felt, and guilt might have taken to his stomach. He honestly couldn't tell how he felt anymore. Some part of his brain was telling him, This is why we don't drink, Perc y. "No, that's not what I meant," she explained, reaching for him again. He let her, only because he kind of missed holding her