AN: This is my first FanFiction. Please review kindly! R&R! ***DISCLAIMER**** I do not own the Percy Jackson series! The new characters are a creation of my own! Enjoy! Xoxo - Scar Waking up in my New York City apartment was usually the best thing ever. Where I lived it was quiet and peaceful, right next to a beautiful park, but the part that made it so amazing is that usually my foster parents were never home this early when I went to school...except today for some odd reason. "Sara!" I heard the high pitch annoying voice of my foster mom, Beth, scream, "Where's my breakfast!" you could say I have a Cinderella life, but I don't, just the life my birth parents gave me after leaving me on the side of the road in Georgia an hour after I was born, I was given three first names; Sarafine Elena Belle. I didn't bother searching for anyone with the last name 'Belle', what's the point? They did leave me after all . Anyways, I was dreading this morning, my foster parents coming back from Niagara, gambling, I had their meals already made the night before, so I didn't have to spend all my time with them. I quickly pulled on my light washed and torn jeans, white lace blouse, and light brown boots. My wavy dyed brown hair settled just under my bra strap and just before leaving my tiny room, I put on my glasses. "Here," my southern accent came through a tiny bit, bitting my lip I slowly backed away from Beth. Both Beth and Larry hated my southern accent and sometimes they would hit me if I talked like I belonged in the south. "What size are you again? With all the money we won this weekend I want to get mine done," Beth asked staring at my chest, she could see the red lace straps of my PINK bra. Beth asked me this constantly, always claiming that she had enough for plastic surgery. She was gross, not to be mean, but if you saw her, she would remind you of the mom or sisters from the movie The Fighter and Larry was the dead beat son, both smelled of smoke and alcohol. I quickly shoved an apple into my satchel/purse/school bag, "Well?" I gave a sigh and turned back towards her, seeing her eating her eggs and toast,"Same size as the last time you asked, 34D," suddenly Larry came in wearing boxers, a wife beater, and a grey torn towel. "Eyes aren't red, you can always tell because yours are blue," Larry gave a grunt sitting down, "So Blue, you weren't lying, no parties." "How can that blue eyed bitch party when she has no friends?" Beth snapped, my blue eyes were Caribbean blue. Some guys at my school liked them, but being an orphan they usually didn't come near me. "She's a slut remember?" Larry hissed as I grabbed my field trip permission slip from the yellow counter, I think it was once white, maybe. "Sar' you ready?" my best friend, Cato asked, opening the apartment door, he had creamy ivory skin and sandy blonde hair with dark green eyes. I've known him since I moved here about a year ago. "What are you doing here? Don't you have school?" Larry hissed, "An expensive school at that!" "Yes sir," I quickly said grabbing my keys and darting out the door. Cato slowly followed, due to his crutches. He told me what he had, but it slipped my mind. We got down to the street where my beautiful black Chevy Camaro sat, bought the car myself. Get far from those two today , the voice in my head warned, I may sound crazy but ever since I could remember there has been a voice in the back of my mind giving me advice. Once in my car, I leaned my head against the steering wheel, well more like pounding. "Sar'?" Cato asked, his eyes looking at me with concern as I started driving to school, well more like Lockwood Academy for the Gifted. "I'm going to die there. Why else would I have everything I own in my car?" I asked pulling into the parking lot, parking in a prime spot, well close enough to escape but right next to the captain of the football team. "Your almost eighteen," Cato reminded me, his kind voice was the only thing good in this stupid school, well there is my awesome history teacher, but he's a teacher so he doesn't count, "Common, just get through today, luck may come your way," I gave a giggle at his rhyme, grabbing our bags and locking my car, we walked into the hell hole called high school. "You say that everyday," I laughed as we walked down the crowded halls, my vision slightly blurred and I quickly blinked it away until it cleared, "Crappy glasses." "You need new ones, or at least a new exam," Cato said as I opened my locker, I laughed and said nothing as I dumped all my books, except a notebook, into the blue locker decorated with shells, pictures of the ocean, horses, and nature. "Yeah, like Larry would ever give up $160 for me, hell he wouldn't even give me a five dollar bill," I laughed while shaking off the twitch in my muscles. ADHD, dyslexia, ADD, maybe more, foster homes don't do those types of tests, only the group home. The so called school for the 'gifted' is suppose to help, but sometimes I think its only making things worse. "True," Cato sighed as I leaned against my locker twirling my necklace...the only thing left from my real parents. Gold chain, with a big pearl in the middle, with two white gems resting on each side on the pearl. "Hey Belle!" I heard someone call. Jeremy Swan, captain of the football team. I rolled into my locker giving a groan before closing it. I turned and saw him directly in front of me, "You ready for today?" "Yeah," I shrugged, his olive skin stood out against his blue and white leather-man jacket, dark brown eyes and hair, school's superstar, "I'd rather be somewhere else though." "Oh yeah? Where?" Damn. Was this guy really that dumb? Cato and I began walking towards out first class, Jeremy still standing by my locker. "Anywhere but here!" I called back to him. "Hey wait up!" Jeremy yelled, running after us. Entering our history class, I saw the usual thing. Seniors (grade 12 if you want to be fancy) yelling, fighting, making out, or whatever. I froze in my spot as I felt Jeremy put his hand on my ass, "Have you been working out?" he whispered, I whirled around to face him but Melody Jacobson was already draping herself over Jeremy before I could yell at him. "Actually, I have. Running, you should try it sometime," I held back a hiss before storming over to my desk. I glanced to Cato and he gave me a reassuring smile as Mr. Brunner came wheeling in. He had thinning brown hair to his chin, a scruffy beard, and always wearing a tweed jacket and smelled like peppermint tea. "Settle down! Settle down!" he laughed, everyone loved his class. It was never boring or dull, he really made history come to life. So everyone actually respected the man, "Alright! Before we go to the museum, we need a seating arrangement!" "Ugh," the class groaned, especially me, with my luck I'll be seated next to Melody. "I know, I know, but the quicker we do this, the quicker we leave," Mr. Brunner smiled, "Ok, Sarafine," I sank into my seat, I was always first, "You'll be with Mr. Storm," I was shocked as I looked to Cato and smiled. "Told you," Cato laughed. I tuned out the rest of the seating arrangements, looking over all the Greek and Roman pictures on the wall. They were my favorite subject in history. This was actually the only class I managed to pass above a C- average. Mr. Brunner taught his class with a pace I was actually able to keep up with, I would either be way behind or way ahead, but in this class, it was balanced. "Mr. Brunner," a woman with grey hair in a tight bun, wearing a old grey pant suit said knocking on the door, "I'm here to chaperon, your class's trip." Mrs. Green. I absolutely hated the English teacher with a passion, even though I never had her. Something was just off about her. "Alright! Everyone is here and paired up!" Mr. Brunner paused making everyone on the edge of their seat, "Lets go!" we piled into the bus, gossip immediately started, mostly about me, but today I didn't care. Things finally started looking good in my life. Sarafine a new manly voice whispered in my mind I found you...finally. The museum was gorgeous, well in my mind it was. I couldn't believe how well the Greek and Roman mythology was covered. As much as I wanted to pay attention on what Mr. Brunner was saying, I couldn't. All of my focus was on this group of people watching me, they never spoke one word to another, but the man in the middle was defiantly their 'leader', I only could see his blonde hair because of the others blocking me, and well the fact that I'm only 5'5". Yeah I know, shorty. "Sarafine?" Mr. Brunner asked, pulling me back to reality, "Care to tell is what the children of the gods are called?" I smiled, easy question, "Half bloods, demi-gods. Achilles, Hercules, and Perseus are the most famous demi-gods." "Correct," Mr. Brunner smiled, he always seemed to like me more than the others. Still in amazement we continued through the museum as Mr. Brunner talked about mythology in a tone like magic. Things aren't what they seem, Sarafine. the voice whispered in my mind, well I guess its always a whisper, so distant. Like for it to become more clear, I need to meet someone or do something. "Sarafine," Mrs. Green whispered to me as the group began leaving the back area, "Come with me," I gave a mental groan, but nodded and followed her into the back studio still under renovations. "Did I do something wrong?" I asked as I closed the door, turning around I saw an empty room, "Hello?" "YOU!" a voice sneered, my head snapped to where it came from and saw Mrs. Green on the top of a very tall scaffolding. "What the hell!?" I yelled backing away from where I stood dropping my bag. "DAUGHTER!" the thing hissed, "GIVE ME YOUR BLOOD!" suddenly I watched what was once a simple English teacher transform into a disgusting creature. "What!" I screamed as it swooped down, sweeping a talon towards me. Then I recognized it. A fury. Mr. Brunner spent a week teaching us about them and how they are annoying and easy to kill, by demi-gods, if they had the right weapons. "LET THE TIME LORD RISE!" the fury hiss taking another talon at me, I quickly dodged away from the fury, it wanted my blood, well that means it cant touch me, ever. "Sarafine!" Mr. Brunner yelled as the doors opened. "YOU!" the fury hissed to my history teacher as I ducted behind a pillar. "In the name of the gods I order you to leave here!" his voice had a strange power behind it. "NOT WITHOUT HER!" the fury shrieked, flying towards me. "Sarafine catch!" Mr. Brunner threw something at me and when I caught it I saw a lip gloss tube. "This is no time for make-up, sir!" I yelled, running around the room, the fury quick on my heels. "Just uncap it!" Mr. Brunner sighed, I did what he said seeing the gold sword and shield he used from the tournaments in class. Fight Sarafine! Fight! the voice commanded