Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. This story has been nudging me for a while. It's not long, four chapters or so. I hope you enjoy. -ooo- Carlisle's voice was very soft; he stared out the big window over the sink, into the darkness. "You see he thinks we've lost our souls." The lightbulb flicked on over my head. " That's the real problem, isn't it?" I guessed. "That's why he's being so difficult about me." Carlisle spoke slowly. "I look at my…son. His strength, his goodness, the brightness that shines out of him - and it only fuels that hope, that faith, more than ever. How could there not be more for one such as Edward?" I nodded in fervent agreement. " But if I believed as he does…" He looked down at me with unfathomable eyes. "If you believed as he did. Could you take away his soul?" -0- The conversation with Carlisle played over and over in my head while Edward drove me home. The words sinking in, taking root, and making me think. Really think. Normally Edward and I would be holding hands over the console, but not tonight. Instead my arm was bandaged, laying still and heavy in my lap. My new stereo sat in the dashboard, its dial turned to off. Silence covered us like a blanket, it was almost suffocating. Edward's mood was as dark as the night. I wanted to tell him that what happened tonight was my fault, that I should have been more careful; I wanted to say that everything would be okay and I've had worse, this little scratch was nothing. But something stopped me. Carlisle's words kept repeating, and now they brought new thoughts with them. Unwelcome thoughts. I pushed them away as I slowly realised tonight was more than a stumble and a cut hand, and the truth was, I didn't know what to say or do next. Maybe I was in shock. I stared straight ahead. The headlights showcased every bump in the road, and the blacktop glistened from an earlier shower of rain. Insects flew past the beams of silvery light. Lots of little, normal things that somehow stood out more than usual. I turned to Edward, studying him as he stared out the windscreen, and for probably the first time ever, I looked past the breathtaking, heart-stopping beauty, past my desires and wants, to the man beyond. And suddenly, it was like another light bulb had switched on and I could see the depth of his anguish. It was in the set of his jaw, the tightness around his eyes. It was in the way he clutched the steering wheel until his pale knuckles strained and turned whiter. I could see what tonight had done to him. I could feel it. His pain was overwhelming. So was his fear. "I'm so sorry," he said, turning to me. His face was smooth now, a mask in place for my benefit. Or perhaps his. "This should never have happened." "It's…" I almost said fine, just on reflex, because it was what I always said. But to tell him that would be to dismiss his pain. And things were so obviously not fine, it would be an insult to his intelligence. And mine. "It doesn't hurt," I mumbled instead. "Anaesthetic," Edward murmured. "You'll feel it in a couple of hours." He winced slightly and turned the car off the freeway, towards Charlie's house. I closed my eyes and took deep breaths, trying to clear my mind. Trying to keep the thoughts at bay, but Carlisle's words kept nudging me. "You're very quiet," Edward said after a while, his own voice barely above a whisper. "Are you sure you're not hurting?" I was hurting, but not the way he meant. "I expected…" He stopped and shook his head, turning back to face the road. "I thought you'd be trying to tell me it's all fine, and how this was all your fault because you're human. I was expecting demands to change you, so nothing like this would ever happen again." I would have expected that from me too. I thought I might have been as surprised as Edward. "How's Jasper?" I asked instead. "Upset. Angry with himself, of course. He's hunting right now, but tomorrow he and Alice will go away to Denali for a while." My mind replayed that moment when I looked up from my bleeding arm and into the fevered eyes of six suddenly ravenous vampires. Then Jasper's teeth snapping just inches from my face as he struggled to get to me while his brothers held him back. For a second I relived that sharp spike of fear, the pulse of adrenalin throbbing through me… "Bella?" My sobs started coming and a second later Edward had pulled the truck over to the side of the road and pulled me into his lap. His arms were around me, holding me close, tucked under his chin, as he spoke in a choked voice. "Bella…Bella, I'm so sorry." "I…was so…scared." The words spilled out so quickly, I barely knew what I was saying. "It was…so…fast. I didn't…I never thought…" Edward held me tight until I'd cried myself out. It seemed like only a few minutes, but when I finally sniffed and dried my eyes, the clock in the dashboard said we'd been sitting like that for almost an hour. "Are you okay?" Edward asked. He pushed back my hair and wiped his thumbs over my cheeks. His shirt was soaked. "I've never seen you cry like that." "Yeah." I sniffed. "I think I needed that." "A normal, healthy reaction for once." Edward smiled, a soft, sad sort of smile. I touched his cheek, wishing I could take the pain from his eyes. "What happens now?" I asked. The words had come without thinking. "Do you want to go home?" Edward asked. "I…I don't think I meant that." My head was spinning. It seemed my mouth had taken control and was acting on its own. "What did you mean?" "I…with us. What happens now, with us?" "Us?" He seemed genuinely surprised. Like me. A new sort of fear rose up inside me, choking my heart. Edward blinked, and pulled his hand through his hair. "I don't know." "There has to be a way," I said quickly. "Some way we can…" My voice trailed off, because I wasn't sure what I was asking. And now I was truly scared of where this conversation was going. "A way we can be together without you being at risk?" Edward said. I nodded. "Yeah." Edward gave a brittle laugh. "Well, I suppose we could ban all birthday celebrations. Christmas too. Anything involving gift wrap." "Okay. That's a start." He gave me an incredulous look. "Are you saying you'd be guided by me in future? Let me make the decisions about what's safe for you and what's not, without arguing?" I thought for a moment. "Yeah. I think I am. Guided by you on all things vampire, anyway. The non-vampire stuff? Those decisions are mine." It seemed like a good solution, a real way of moving forward. There was a flicker of something in Edward's eyes, but it was too fast for me to catch. His face quickly became unreadable again. "Lets get you home," he said. The porch light was on at Charlie's, a welcome beacon in the dark. "Will you be waiting in my room when I get up there?" I asked as Edward turned off the engine. "Do you want me to be?" "Yes, please." "Then I'll be there." There was a flicker of a smile on his lips. "Wait, I'll come and open your door for you." Of course Charlie wanted to know what happened but he doesn't question my story of stumbling and falling into the table. "It was a good thing Carlisle was there," he said. "Tell Esme we'll replace whatever's broken. Now you go get some sleep." Yeah, sleep. Like that was going to happen. As I turned the handle of my door I wondered for a moment if Edward would actually be there. I was almost surprised when I saw him, sitting in my rocking chair. He gave me a small smile. "Hi." "Hi." I smiled back and this almost felt like that first day we sat together in the cafeteria. I kicked off my shoes, grabbed my standard sleep wear of sweats and t-shirt and headed for the bathroom. When I came back, Edward tucked me into bed and kissed my forehead. "Do you have Tylenol?" "Bathroom." He was gone for two seconds, maybe three, but then he was back with two tablets and a glass of water that he set on the bedside table. "You'll need them," he said, sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at my bandaged arm. "I'll be okay," I whisper and reach up to touch his cold cheek. "Will you pick me up for school tomorrow?" "I don't think I can. There are things at home…" "I get it." And I wasn't surprised. He probably needed time to be with his family. "Wanna come by afterwards?" He took my hand, running his thumb over my knuckles. "Yes," he said. "I want to come by afterwards." His gaze shifted from our fingers to my face. "I'm not sure why you'd want me to, though. You should be running away from me, screaming. I don't know whether you're brave or crazy." "A bit of both, I think." He smiled a little but his eyes were weary. So weary. Like he bore not just the weight of this world, but the universe, on his shoulders. It hurt to see. I opened my arms to him and was relieved when he laid down beside me, and we wrapped ourselves around each other. I wanted to tell him it would be alright, I tried twice to do so, but the words wouldn't come. I After a while Edward got up, told me I should sleep, and smiled as he kissed me softly. "So, after school tomorrow? You'll come over?" "If that's what you want." He took my hand, and squeezed it softly. Then he was gone. I watch the window for a long time. "It'll be alright," I said into the darkness. "I promise. We'll find a way together." Then I wondered why I hadn't been able to say those words while Edward was here. Now all those thoughts I'd been holding back were yelling for attention in my head. I couldn't ignore them anymore, so I braced myself, and let them come. I thought about Edward's soul. I'd been so selfish. So very selfish. All the times I'd begged him to change me. But could I let him live a thousand years believing he'd lost any chance of redeeming that soul, because he'd taken mine? Carlisle was right, it didn't matter if I believed in Edward's soul, if Edward didn't. And for as long as Edward felt that way, I couldn't ask him to change me, I knew that now. I groaned and rolled over and stared at the dresser. So where did that leave me? Did I accept 80 human years of getting older, being mistaken for his mother, his grandmother. Living my life with only chaste kisses and careful hugs and all the time Edward burned and worried and never relaxed in case he held me too hard, and maybe had to separate himself from his family for my safety? When I looked at it that way… But we could work through this. I knew we could. He was my destiny, and we'd find a way. We had to. Maybe I could ask Carlisle to change me and then my soul wouldn't be on Edward's conscience. But would that strain their relationship? Would Edward hate Carlisle for taking my soul? But he shouldn't. Carlisle had changed others. But they were dying - Edward,