Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer. Okay, this one is for Melanie, who betas my work (except she doesn't know I'm doing this) and who is good friend. This story has been running around my head for close to a year. I keep pushing it aside and it keeps pushing right back and Melanie drops the odd hint, encouraging me to write it. I'm not sure how many chapters it will be and I'm really not sure about the whole story, the premise is probably a bit odd, you might need to suspend belief a bit :) Here we go...I hope you enjoy :) -0- -0- -0- -0- "Hey, Jake!" I nudge my best friend with my knee and he groans, fighting to stay asleep. "Too early," he mutters and rolls deeper into my sofa. "It's nearly noon," I grin, standing over him, hands on my hips, and nudge him again with my knee. He twists his head to look at me over his shoulder, he's frowning and his eyes are heavy with sleep. "Noon? Are you serious?" "Almost." He blinks now and sits up, yawning, stretching. "Almost serious, or almost noon?" he asks, and at last I see it, that happy Jacob grin, even if it is a bit sleepy. "Both," I declare and head for the small area of counter space with sink and cooktop that passes for a kitchen. "Breakfast...lunch?" I ask. "Both," he echoes me and heads for the bathroom as I pull bacon and eggs from the fridge. My new apartment is small, just three rooms, but it's affordable and all I need. And it's walking distance to the campus of Portland State University. It's good I'm not the sort of person who needs roommates because there's no space for that here. I'm frying eggs and bacon and tomatoes as Jake walks back in, fresh from a shower, hair damp, and starts shoving yesterday's clothes into his backpack. "Thanks for helping me move," I say over the sizzle of breakfast...or is it lunch? "I really appreciate it." "No problem," he says without looking up. "Any time." He checks his phone and his goofy smile tells me he has a message. "Beth?" I smirk and beneath his copper coloured skin Jacob begins a slow blush. "Yeah." He texts something quickly and puts his phone away. I feel a rush of happiness for my friend that he's found the one, his soul-mate, but it's tinged with just a little jealousy because I once thought I had found mine. I used to smile and blush that way about someone. And even though my someone couldn't blush, he used to smile that way about me. But that was a long time ago now. Two years ago next Tuesday to be exact, but I'm not counting. "How many eggs?" I ask, pulling my mind back to now. "How many you got?" "Six." "That'll have to do." And he's serious. I shake my head at werewolf appetites. Outside it begins to rain. It's a soft shower and the drops begin a slow race down my windows. "I can't believe you left sunny Florida for this," Jake scowls at the weather. "You sure you're not crazy?" I shrug. "Maybe I am." I've certainly felt that way lots of times over the past couple of years. "I told you, I couldn't settle there. The college courses didn't really suit what I wanted to do, I didn't really connect with anyone...it was good to spend time with my mom, but apart from that it just didn't feel right." Jake looks out the window again. "But grey skies and drizzle do it for you?" I shrug. "Apparently." Jake doesn't comment as I set a place for him at the counter and plate up. He eats greedily, like it's been months, not hours, since he's had a meal. "How does Beth keep up with feeding you?" I ask, laughing, and he laughs too through a mouthful of bacon and eggs. "Dunno," he finally mumbles. "Aren't you eating?" "Can't. You haven't left me anything." His mouth drops open, shocked, upset, and I laugh again. "Gotcha! I made sure I ate before you woke up." Now he glares and throws his napkin at me, but it misses as I walk over to the corner and start unpacking one of the two cardboard boxes there. "You want a hand?" Jake has already cleared his plate and comes towards me, crouching down amongst the boxes. Neither of them has been opened since I left Forks for Florida two years before. They stayed taped up and then came with me again a year later when I moved from Florida back to Forks for the summer while I waited for my transfer to Oregon. It only takes a little while for the boxes to be emptied. Jake's hung my prints on the wall, I've put my books on the wonky shelves by the door. He hands me my CD's, one by one, as I line them up beside my small stereo. "Alphabetical order?" Jake smirks at me. "That's so anal, Bella." "Not as anal as some," I mutter and think vaguely of someone who categorised their music by year and then personal preference within that year. I choose a disc and put it on. The music is bright and loud and I begin to grin as I nod my head in time with its beat. Jake smiles. "I'm glad you got over your aversion to music," he refers to those dark days long gone. "I got over a lot of things." I say the words, I don't necessarily believe them. Jake sits back on the sofa while I stay on the floor, sorting now through my old collection of keepsakes that I keep in a shoebox. "What's that?" Jake leans forward and picks something out. "A snow globe from Phoenix?" He shakes the glass ball and watches tiny flakes swirl and drift around a vivid green plastic cactus. "Are they serious? Snow in Phoenix?" "Hey!" I snatch the globe back, offended on its behalf. "It's glitter, really. More of a glitter globe than a snow globe. And it's special. I've had it since I was eight when Renee took me to the Desert Botanical Garden." Jake snorts and hands it to me as he looks in the box again. "I made one of those when I was a kid, too," he grins. It's a box made of popsicle sticks that Charlie and I made together once during one of my summer visits. Beneath it I see my well-worn copy of Wuthering Heights. I pull my old, dog-eared friend from the shoe box and flick through it's loose, yellowing pages. I've not seen it for two years. It was second hand when I bought it and now I can see its age is really starting to show. Some pages come free and flutter to the floor and I decide it's probably time to let the book go. I know the story off by heart, if I want I can always get another copy. But before I put it in the rubbish I shake it out gently over the floor. "What are you doing?" Jake asks. "I had a bookmark I really liked but I lost it ages ago. I'm just checking for it before I throw the book away." Jake looks towards the shelves where the other books sit. "What's it look like?" "A leather strip with Celtic patterns on it." The book yields nothing except another couple of loose pages. "Where's the last place you saw it?" He stands and walks to the shelves. "Can't remember. It was before..." I stop for a second. "It was in junior year." Jake starts flicking through books. "Don't worry, Jake. It probably got lost when I moved the first time. No big deal." His phone sounds and he grins when he sees the caller ID. He excuses himself as he steps outside for a moment, into the corridor. I smile and shake my head as I gather up Wuthering Heights and it's fly-away pages and go to put it in the bin. But at the last minute I can't do it and I re-assemble it and set it on the shelves. When Jake comes back in I tell him he should probably get going. "You throwing me out?" he grins. "Yep. First day of classes tomorrow, I need to prepare and have an early night." "It's two o'clock." I roll my eyes. "Your girlfriend is missing you." Jake grins. "Yeah, she is." "And you miss her, so go." I give him a shove and I might as well be shoving a brick wall, but he gets the message. He walks to his backpack. "Oh, Beth says hi, and she hopes you've moved in okay." Then he frowns. "And she says she hopes I haven't eaten you out of house and home." I burst out laughing and he gives me a sheepish grin. "She wonders if she should be sending you a care package to make up for it." "Jake, you've taken yourself away from home for two days and a night to help me, you've lugged boxes and bags and furniture, you slept on a sofa...I think I owe you ." "Nah," he says and pulls me into one of his deep, warm Jacob hugs. I feel safe here in the arms of my friend. He's seen me at my worst, he's been my rock, my sun, and without him I really don't know what shape I would be in now. "Thanks," I whisper into his chest, and it's not just the move I'm thanking him for and I think he understands. "Sure," he whispers back and kisses the top of my head. "So, call if you need anything." "Yep." "Let me know next time you're in Forks." "I will." "And if that rust bucket of yours needs work, just bring it by the garage." "Oh, I haven't even asked how business is!" I look up at him, aghast at my rudeness and ignoring his slur against my truck. "Sure you did," he grins down at me. "When I arrived at Charlie's yesterday. You asked how things were and I said things were good." I roll my eyes. "That's hardly..." He kisses the top of my head again. "Business is good. Old Joe let's me run the place two days each week now. When he retires in a couple of years I'll take over completely, as Manager. He says we're getting a lot of referred business because of me." I beam up at my friend. "Jake, that's fantastic. But not surprising - you're the best mechanic I know." "I'm the only mechanic you know. But yeah, it is fantastic." "I'm so happy for you!" "Thanks." He's blushing again now and I laugh. Then he steps out of our hug and grabs his backpack. He drapes an arm around my shoulder and looks around my apartment. "So, right college, good apartment, you're smiling, looking settled...I'm happy for you too, Bella. You are happy, aren't you?" I think over his words. Am I happy? I'm happier than I was two years ago. Happier than a year...six months...three months ago. Gradually, slowly, little by little, I'm moving towards happiness. I suspect it will always be a light that's shining out of reach, but at least now it offers me some illumination. There was a time I thought I wouldn't survive, but now I know I will. I'll never forget him. He's etched himself not just on my heart, but into my soul. He's in my thoughts, in each beat of my heart, but my tears have dried and I've stopped looking for him wherever I go. I've stopped running to answer the phone when it rings, or when there's a knock on the door. I don't look for signs or clues anymore. Looking back, sometimes I think he lied to me when he left, that maybe