Above all A Sea of Scales. The beginning… I don't have much to say so I might as well tell you how this story came around. It all started from an idea I had while I was reading a story one late Sunday night, and somehow for some unexplainable reason an idea began to form in my head, an idea for a Percy Jackson and the Olympians story for some obscured reason. The idea was so simple and when I went to look to see if anyone else has done it yet I couldn't find anything like it. The idea was this, what if Percy Jackson everyone's favourite son of Poseidon (Don't quote me on that) was never a hero at all, what if Percy Jackson was a Demigod killing ….Monster. And Yes I am aware their other stories out there about how Percy Jackson is a Merman or a Werewolf I even think I've even seen a few where Percy was a DemiTitian or an agent of someone called Chaos (Who the fuck is that guy?). But there were no sign of stories where Percy Jackson was a monster. So I decided this was an opportunity I could not pass up to have a first so I began to write straight away. Well that's how it started (also I wanted to try something new) if you want to I could also tell you the story of my life any takers? No? good. Oh and by the way don't expect this story to be constantly getting new chapters, I WILL write and upload chapter when I feel like it so don't get pushy ok? Also relax I will tell you if I decided to abandon this story (highly unlikely) or if I die (even less likely). Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson or any of his friends they are the propriety of Rick Riordan. The ocean, the one thing I have ever loved just as much as I hatted. It was a vast body of water that takes up nearly three fourths of this planet's surface and for a good reason to. The Ocean was and always will be a powerful force with limitless amounts of raw power flowing through it like its very water flows through sand, a power that no matter how strong could not be matched or be defeated no matter what anyone thought of it. The sea was an unrelenting force that could defeat any enemy or any army no matter how grand or powerful it was. For the ocean most simply put was power. Yet it had a grace to it that not even the majestic swan could match. It had a feeling of calmness to it that made you feel, no, know everything was going to be fine. It could be soft, gentle maybe even carrying at times. It is relaxing to hear the sounds it makes and refreshing to smell its salt filled air. But who could rule over such a powerful force? Well it depends on who you asked really. If you asked The Greeks they would say proudly it was Poseidon, if you asked the Romans they would hiss the name Neptune, if you asked the Egyptians they would say it was Yam, if you asked the Norsemen they would say that it was Aegir the giant god, if you asked The Titians or monsters if they didn't try to kill you they would say it was Oceanus and if you asked my people they would sadly say Sealno The Dracolight of the Ocean. But in my opinion I would say no one owned it. It was free to do whatever it wanted whenever it wanted, it had no true master no matter how much a single creature had or believed it had control over it, it was still free. It was a force of nature and like all things of nature it could do what it wanted when it wanted, it had its own free will. And that was why I envy it so. For unlike it I was not free to do what I wanted I had people that commanded me who had control over what I do. In short it was free and I was not, simple as that. But yet for some strange reason I could not help but feel an attachment to it, a sense of belonging whenever I looked at its waves. It never seized to amaze me how my mind would simply clear and my senses would heighten as soon as I entered its water. Oh how I enjoyed swimming in its water, looking at its weird and marvellous sights and creature as I swim through its depths. It made me feel alive to swim in its water; the mere thought of doing so loosened my tense muscles and calmed my mind. It was pathetic I loved the ocean and sometimes I think it loves me back. Yes, yes call me crazy or weird the rest of my 'brethren' called me that whenever I talked of the ocean and anything resolving around it. They would laugh and taunt me for the feelings I had for the ocean and I was never short of them telling me "to go live in it if I love it so much", and sometimes I asked myself why I didn't hide myself away in its murk and live amongst the coral and sea creatures. I was more than perfectly adapted to live in the water much more so then the rest of my kind my gills and aquatic features made that perfectly clear, but yet whenever I tried to leave my Flightto live in the sea I would feel a pull that would drag me back to my Flight once more. For that I blamed my sense of loyalty. The Flight where not my family but they took me in when I had no one to turn to, they raised me taught me how to hunt, fly and how to survive. They were not my Family but they were the closest thing I had to one and my loyalty to the people close to me was the thing that tied me to them. And it was that loyalty to The Flight that was making me do the one thing I thought I would never do in my entire long life. And that was to flee from a fight and not just any fight, a fight with humans. They very thought of running away from something as low as Humans vermin was a senseless idea in my eyes, I was a warrior I lived for the thrill of the fight, running away was below me a 'cowards' tool for survival and I was no coward. My Flight however was. And it was my loyalty to them that has got me stuck between a rock and a hard place. "What troubles you young one? You have been quite throughout the whole flight so far and frankly that is not like you, so what is wrong?" asked an elderly voice scaring me back into the real world. Instinct kicks in and I survey the area around me for any sign of trouble, my muscles relax when I realise I was still soaring over the ocean surrounded by my Flight no sign of trouble for miles. When my instincts finally agree with my mind that all was well I turn my head to the left to see the smirking face of the closeting thing I had to a father. "What's the matter did I just scare the big brave warrior?" he asked smirking, I processed to give him the death glare "You just surprised me that's all." I mutter under my breath earning a small smile from the older one. "Of course I did…. Now back to my original question what is on your mind young ling?" the elder asked general (and rare) concern in his old tired voice. "You know all too well what is bothering me Thenderous." I snapped at the Elder. Under normal circumstances if someone was to speak to the elder in such a way they would have been beaten by the elder or worse, lectured about how are chain of command worked which was often worse than the former. I was expecting Thenderous to get angry at me, hit me, lecture me do something in a form of punishment, but he simply chuckled to himself like it was all some sort of joke. "Yes I guess I do…" he replied as his chuckling died down some ragged coughs escaping his throat, I took a minute to stare at the coughing elder worry deep in my heart flowing throughout my body. Thenderous was the closest thing I had to a father after my real one left me to fend for myself only a few months after my mother passed away when I was merely just out of hatching, he took me in into the Flight, raised me as his own. He was leader of our Flight and one of the eldest or our kind a real living legend amongst my people and to see him so sick and wounded by the Humans, the very site of what has happened to him sickened most and deeply sadden me. My eyes began to remotely travel down his hide examining all the damage done to it thanks to the Human Hunters and their tainted evil magic and weapons. The scales that had blocked the original attack from the humans had became frail to the touch and most of which had fallen out into the dark murky sea below us revelling the soft delicate skin our scale armour tries so hard to protect. I could not help but his at the mere thought of the amount of pain The Elder must be going through as he flew through the sky stretching and pulling his damaged skin and muscles causing the blood to run out of his seeping wounds. "I am not dead yet you know, so stop staring at me like you're preparing Glode me!" snapped Thenderous, "I may be old but I still got more fight in me then most of the Flight combined." He boasted earning the attention of several other members of our Flight. "If you have so much fight in you left then why did you let the council do this? Why did you allow the council to take away the one thing our people had left?" I ask actual venom filling my words. "I don't expect you to understand-. "" Yes I don't understand, I don't understand how all of you can be so cowardly!" I interrupt him the venom still fresh on the tip of my tong. "You really need to control the Venom gland of yours young one otherwise you will end up poisoning yourself" Thenderous said in a calm patient voice. I aggressively hack the Venom out of my mouth spitting it out upon the sea below before turning my head back to face the elder once more. "Better?" He asked, "Much. But that still doesn't change that you allowed this to happen." I said gesturing my claw towards the several Flights surrounding our own. It was rare to see this many of my kind fly together with one destination in mind; in fact this was the first time I remembered and I was nearly 78 rotations of age, still young in most eyes but to me it felt like an eternity. "And you truly believe I wanted all this?" Thenderous asked me his eyes not coming in to contact with mine. "You didn't object to it at the council." I replied staring at the elder anger growing at the elder at an alarming rate. "And how would you have access to this information? Only the members of the council where there and all of which were sworn to a vow of silence." Thenderous said raising a wrinkly eyebrow at me. I dared not