A/N: This is my first story on this site or any other. I hope you enjoy it. I tried to keep it light for my first time out. Please review and let me know what you think. I don't own any right to theses characters or places as they appear in the Harry Potter series as they belong to J.K. Rowling and Co. I make no profit from this work it is simply for my enjoyment and I hope your as well. The Secret Life of Purebloods Narcissa Malfoy was the picture of a perfect pureblood wife. She was a daughter of the ancient and most noble House of Black, brought up in the old ways and groomed to be a bastion of pureblood ideals. Her family was thrilled that she caught the eye of the equally impressive Lucius Malfoy during her time at Hogwarts and signed the betrothal contract with nary a thought of what Narcissa may want out of life. But like the dutiful pureblood daughter she was, Narcissa married Lucius and bore him an heir to the illustrious house of Malfoy, their son Draco. Lucius never paid much mind to anything personal Narcissa did as long as she continued to uphold their place in pureblood society. And uphold their place she did. Her training from the ancient and most noble House of Black was not wasted after all. She was the paramount society wife and hostess. She sat on the board of various charities, hosted society teas, and threw lavish galas and balls. She carried herself with a cool indifference that spoke not only to her upbringing, but to the comfortable place she held in high society. Very few of the other pureblood wives attempted to set a trend without a nod of approval from Narcissa Malfoy. No one would ever suspect that Narcissa had a secret. Her secret was not some salacious tidbit such as infidelity or addiction. No, her secret was much worse; her secret would surely bring shame and derision on not only herself but her family as well. But alas, Narcissa simply couldn't help herself, she loved muggles! She found them fascinating. Not just muggles themselves, but the culture in its entirety. One Muggle Studies class was all it took to insight her curiosity. The way they solved problems without magic, their methods of transportation and communication, the veritably limitless additions to art and literature they seemed to make, how could the wizarding world ignore such inherent charm and ingenuity? The only person who knew of her little hobby was her sister, Andromeda. Being older, Andromeda was out of Hogwarts and disowned by their family by Narcissa's third year. Disowned though she may be, Andromeda had gifted her baby sister with a charmed journal upon her induction to Hogwarts' hallowed halls. The journal wasn't simply meant to keep the musings of an eleven year old a secret, the journal served as a two-way communication device. This gave Narcissa solace and an outlet through the years as she was able to confide in her more progressive older sister. Tonight was not different from any other family dinner at Malfoy Manor. Lucius, Narcissa and Draco were seated at their large formal dining table in their equally large formal dining room, for only formal dining was considered appropriate for a Malfoy. Narcissa had grown accustomed to the silence throughout the years, and used these times as an opportunity to observe her husband and son. Her husband had aged well throughout the years. He was handsome, but distant, loyal, but not affectionate. He and Narcissa shared a life and a marriage, but emotional intimacy was seldom afforded in pureblood relationships. She knew this was the case when they married, but had dared to hope that one day they would be able to find at least a modicum of affection for one another. Draco on the other hand, oh how she loved her son. He was the spitting image of his father, but when she was afforded time for just she and Draco, she saw so much of herself in him. At now six years old he had an insatiable thirst for knowledge and curiosity about the world, though he was strictly curious about the wizarding world, as he had had no exposure to the muggle world. In fact, Lucius had taken it upon himself to instill something of an aversion to all things muggle in Draco. It pained Narcissa to know that sharing her curiosity about the muggle world with Draco may never be possibility. Surprisingly, Lucius interrupted the quiet, "I'm going away on business for the summer." "The entire summer?" Narcissa queried. "Yes, business is such that I will be required to travel for the entire summer. And, thusly I will be required to travel alone on this venture. " Draco sat quietly watching the exchange between his parents. Though he enjoyed attempts at mischief with his friends, he knew that dinner was not the time to speak out of turn lest he be disciplined. Narcissa smiled politely at Lucius and said, "Well, I guess Draco and I will just have to find a way to entertain ourselves here at the manor this summer." Lucius nodded approvingly and the quiet resumed. That night as Narcissa was returning to her and Lucius's bedchamber she was struck with a most intriguing idea. She quickly retrieved her journal and penned a quick note to Andromeda. Would you help me with something? Narcissa and Draco saw Lucius off just days later. Andromeda had been an absolute wealth of suggestions and advice for Narcissa's most daring plan, and Narcissa was determined to see it through. Draco was growing up to be a devoted pureblood son much like his father and she was determined to show him that though loyalty to the wizarding world was a noble thing, there was also a great big world of possibilities beyond theirs. She would simply present his options and allow him to decide for himself, perhaps the next generation would have a bit more freedom than hers. On a bright Tuesday morning, Narcissa woke Draco with a mischievous gleam in her eye. Draco noticed immediately that his normally stoic and staid mother seemed elated about something. Before Draco could question her present state she laid out clothes and instructed him to meet her in the dining room. Draco dressed hurriedly, noticing these clothes were a bit less formal than the ones her normally wore, and was in the dining room within minutes. Narcissa smiled warmly at her son and he returned the gesture. Draco sat down at the table and a house elf brought out a light breakfast. They ate in relative silence observing each other for long minutes. He noticed his mother was also dressed differently than usual. She wore a simple day dress with a cardigan sweater casually draped over her shoulders instead of the tailored robes she generally favored. Draco decided not to dwell on these small changes and simply allow his mother to enlighten him when she was ready, he was a natural born Slytherin after all. "Draco," his mother began, "are you up for an adventure today?" "What sort of adventure?" he asked. "Oh, only the most daring of adventures." Draco's eyes were wide with suspense as he looked expectantly at this mother for an answer. She laughed lightly and whispered, "We're going to explore muggle London." Narcissa was surprised when Draco's eyes opened even wider than before, but was then struck by the look of panic on his young face. She reached across the table and placed her hand atop his in a comforting gesture and took a deep breath. He imitated this cue from his mother and seemed to calm. Narcissa quickly and quietly explained her plan and as she hoped, by the end of her explanation, his eyes were shining with an excitement that she had not seen in since he first learned to ride a broom. "When do we go?" He asked excitedly "As soon as you're done eating. But, Draco, you understand that this adventure is to remain our secret. You can tell no one about it, not your friends, not the elves, and especially, not you father." Draco looked at her with a very serious face for a six year old and said, "Yes, ma'am, I understand." Draco quickly finished his breakfast and they walked quietly from the dining room. Narcissa and Draco made their way into the drawing room where Narcissa picked up her handbag and bade Draco take her elbow. He was familiar with magical travel and apparition would certainly be the fastest and least conspicuous way into muggle London. On Andromeda's suggestion she apparated them to a small alley way they were familiar with just down from number 12 Grimauld Place. On a rare, and unsupervised, occasion when visiting Aunt Wallburga and Uncle Orion Black at number 12, the children had snuck out to explore the surrounding muggle area with their cousins, Sirius and Regulus. They weren't caught at the time and Narcissa hoped that luck would be with she and Draco on this occasion as well. Narcissa smiled at the memory of her only incident of rebellion in her youth, and looked around to be sure they had not been seen. A small box with a star on the lid was placed by the wall of the alley. Narcissa breathed a sigh of relief that her sister was so dependable. She opened the box and found the muggle money inside. She replaced it with the gold galleons and closed the box. Before their very eyes, the box disappeared and Narcissa smiled at the handy charms work of her sister. Draco had yet to blink once they landed and watched as his mother opened the curiously placed box. His eyes went wide with surprise as the box disappeared. His mother smiled at him and gave him a little wink which set him at ease as she took him by the hand and led him out to the sidewalk. It was much brighter compared to the alley and Draco noticed they were in front of a row of quiet townhomes. Narcissa gently nudged him to begin walking they kept a steady pace until they reached a busier street. Draco had never seen cars before and was amazed by their speed and the variety of colors and shapes. All of a sudden a huge red double-decker bus stopped at the corner where he and his mother were standing. She smiled down at him and motioned towards the bus with her head. Draco took a deep breath and with a single determined nod of his head boarded the bus with Narcissa. Narcissa had a general working knowledge of muggle currency and placed the correct amount into the receptacle by the driver who gave them a friendly smile as they proceeded to top deck of the bus. Narcissa discreetly placed a silencing charm around them so they could speak without fear of drawing undue attention to themselves. They rode the bus for quite some time, taking in the sites of London until Draco reported that he was hungry. Narcissa ushered him off the bus close to Piccadilly Circus and began walking looking for suitable place to eat lunch. They soon found themselves safely seated at a small but clean café each with a plate of fish and chips. Draco smiled at his mother and said, "This is amazing mum!" "I'm glad you like the food, dear." "No, mum, London, it's incredible! Why is father so against us spending time here?" "He was raised with very staunch pureblood ideals, as was I. Your father, and myself still hold dear to those beliefs, but I have had a fascination with muggle culture since I took Muggle Studies at Hogwarts. Even if we can't share it with anyone else, I wanted to be able to share this adventure with you." "I'm glad we get to share it mum.