"Hades, what are you doing here?" Zeus demanded, shooting to his feet. "You are not welcome here!" Hades paid no attention to his brother's outrage, instead matching it with his own. His normally crazy eyes seemed to gleam with an unusually intense madness. "I will not stand for this, Brother! I have let your insults stand for millennia, and even allowed your most recent outrage to stand in the name of peace, but this day my demands will be heard." The moment he felt solid again, he started seeing spots. Biting back a curse, he immediately turned to comfort Jack who was sobbing uncontrollably now. Rey was clinging to him, and he couldn't blame her. The first time he had shadow traveled, he had felt like all the marrow from his bones had been sucked out and replaced with ice. Rey was five at most, and Jack was only two. That had to be one of the most uncomfortable things they had ever gone through. Despite their discomfort or Nico's fatigue though, he had to get them to a safer location. He looked around; he was near the edge of the cabins. He paused just long enough to run some calculations and check the date before shrugging Jack higher and taking off for the one cabin he knew he could find help in. The sun was almost completely down, so the cabin looked completely normal. Despite the hour, he could tell from the noise (ie blaring music and laughter) coming from it that the inhabitants were far from asleep. It still took a few moments for the door to open. He wasted no time once someone appeared in the doorway though. "Take them to the Big House. Wake Chiron up if you have to." "What?" "Do what I said! Take them to the Big House. Rey, you're going to stay with him until you meet Chiron okay? You remember Chiron, right?" "But Uncle Nico—" she said, clinging tighter to him. "Will is going to take care of you, alright? He's going to be really nice. I'm counting on you to protect Jack." Her lip quivered, but she nodded. "I've got to go help Mommy and Daddy." She nodded again, and allowed herself to be handed off to the still slightly confused son of Apollo. "Wait, Nico, what's going on? And why do you have a butterfly clip in your—" "No time to explain, I've got to go." "di Angelo, don't you dare shadow travel away from me! You're not strong enough—!" The shadows swallowed Nico once again. "We will not stand for this insolence!" Zeus thundered (he was good at that). "He had done more for my House than any of my children have ever dared!" Hades yelled back. "He has consistently done more for this world and this lousy council of immortal children than any hero ever had and never received recognition. And now you will have him suffer the ultimate sacrifice for doing the same good that has kept you all in power. You may not stand for my insolence, but I will not stand for this insult. I demand satisfaction." "How do you feel?" Jason asked tentatively. Leo turned around and grinned. He didn't look much different at all. He was still looked like a scrawny Latino elf. He still looked grimy and his hair wasn't lying flat. But there was something different about the air around him. His eyes seemed to sparkle more. "Like I could take you on any day, Sparky!" he said back with a smirk and a thumbs up. "Sparky?" Zeus asked, his voice a great deal more than just 'sparky'. Leo didn't even seem to register the danger in the god's voice though, instead turning back to the council. "So what am I? Like God of Flying Dragons? Or Spanking Hot Warships?" "God of Tool Belts," Hera suggested with a raised eyebrow. To that Leo didn't have a response. "We'll figure that out later," Hephaestus said quickly. Now Zeus turned to the rest of the Seven of the Prophecy, his eyebrows meeting together in a thundercloud. "And the rest of you chose to refuse our offers? In one of your cases, again?" Percy did at least have the decency to look slightly abashed. "Very well. Get out of here." He waited just about long enough to give Jason an acknowledging nod before sweeping out of the throne room. The rest of the demigods stared at each other in hesitation. The rest of the gods seemed used to it though. Over all, it had quite a different feel from the last time this had happened. Nico shrugged, and stood up from where he was sitting at his the foot of his father's throne. He was surprised to see his father looking angry though. "Father?" "He'd rather let Jackson turn him down twice than offer you anything." Nico blinked. "Father?" "You had just as much a part in their quest as any of them. You found the Doors in Tarturus, you led them to the House of Hades, you brought the Athena Parthenos to the camp, without which our identities never would have been healed enough to fight. And yet you—" "Father! Father! It's fine. Thank you." And he really meant it. He didn't know that his father would care so much. His expression darkened slightly. "It's more than just an insult to you, my son, it's an insult to me. It's because you're my son that he won't look twice at you. There is no justice in it; you've done twice as much as Jackson or any of the others!" Nico stood there, jaw open and slightly touched. "I… thank you, Father." "You deserve better." "Nico—" Jason said, running over. Then he stopped dead and inclined his head. "Lord Hades, I'm sorry for interrupting." "I was just leaving," Hades said stiffly. "Well, we're heading out. I was going to ask you if you wanted to come with us and kidnap you even if you didn't, but I'm rethinking that last bit." "No need to kidnap, Grace," Nico said, rolling his eyes. "As long as you're not planning on anymore Chinese take-out, I might as well get a ride back to camp as long as I'm on shadow travel probation. " "Uncle Nico!" the child squealed as she threw herself at his legs. "Hey," he said, smiling at the little girl. A smile was still an uncommon expression on the son of Hades's face, but at least it wasn't so unfamiliar it hurt anymore. "Am I late?" "No, Daddy was just telling us about how you and him and Mommy and Uncle Frank were surrounded by monsters and you were going to die, but then you summoned a whole army of ghosts and Uncle Frank commanded them to beat up the monsters!" "That's right." "That is so cool" He got down so that they were close to eyelevel. "Let me give you a bit of advice, Rey. It always sounds a lot cooler than it seemed at the moment." "Was it really scary?" He nodded solemnly and her face fell from her excited expression into a more disappointed face. Then he picked her up from under her armpits and threw her up in the air. "But not as scary as I'll be if you don't do what I tell you tonight!" "I'm not scared of you Uncle Nico!" she squealed as he flipped her upside down and tucked her under one arm. "Oh really?" "Uh huh!" Nico had to bite down on his tongue to keep from spitting out a string of cuss words when he materialized out of the shadows. He knew he should have gotten Jules Albert to drive him there, but it seemed far too slow. Now his legs were shaking too hard for him to even be able to walk out of the alley. Nico gritted his teeth. He kept hoping that after his adventure with the Athena Pathenos his shadow powers would stabilize – and they had. Just at a much lower tolerance that he had had before. Before his trip into Tarturus he had been able to shadow travel two or three times in one day before becoming tired to the point where he was incapacitated. Now he'd be lucky to make it two. If he was trying to transport other things or people, forget about it. He took a deep breath though, gritting his teeth as he reached into his pocket to retrieve some of Will's healing gum. It tasted as awful as always, but it gave him the strength he needed to wander out of the alley into the sunlight. He kept getting odd looks as he hurried into the building. Perhaps they didn't see many 18 year olds with shaggy hair dressed in all black. All the same, they still gave him the proper direction. That much was clear when he saw his sister sitting in the waiting room. "Hazel, what's going on?" She smiled, and Nico felt a lump of something hard dissolve in his chest. Everything was alright. "She's fine. So's the baby." "Where is everyone?" "They're in there already. The nurse just came back from cleaning her off and weighing her and stuff. I'm only out here waiting for you." "So it's okay to go in?" "Yeah." The two Underworld children slipped in the hospital room as quietly as they could. Piper was almost entirely surrounded, so Nico couldn't get a good look at her, but Jason was standing and looking like he was about to cry. There was a small pink blanket in his arms. "I'm a dad…" he said softly. "This is my baby… My precious little baby." Hazel stepped up closer to the group and Piper's bed, putting her hand on Frank's shoulder. All of The Seven, plus Thalia and now Nico had shown up to meet Jason and Piper's little girl. As the first of any of them to start their own family, no one would have dared missed it. The crowd made Nico feel a bit claustrophobic though, so he stayed in the back of the room. "She may be your baby," Thalia said with a gruffness everyone recognized as just a show. "But she's my niece. Hand her over." It seemed a bit odd for the youngest looking person in the room to be demanding first right to hold the baby after the parents, but everyone just laughed. Except Leo, that is, who protested with a loud "Hey! I'm the kid's godfather! Godfather trumps Aunt! I'm the person they actually chose to look over her." "You're lucky they haven't put you down yet, Valdez," the Hunter said with a roll of her eyes. Jason was glancing at Piper though with an uncomfortable look on his face. They seemed to be having some sort of debate with their eyes. Eventually it was Piper that cleared her throat. "Um… Leo." "What is it Beauty Queen?" he said, turning to her with a grin. She winced. "Well… I'm really sorry, Leo, but we didn't decide to make you godfather." The mechanic blinked. "Oh." "I'm so sorry Leo. It's not that we don't trust you or know you're going to love her to bits, but… well we already decided to make Nico godfather." Nico blinked. "Me?" Everyone seemed to turn to him. "But… I…" "You're the best person to pick," Jason said with a half-smile. "You're a great friend, and you'll do anything for the people you care about. You make the right choices no matter how much you might want to make the wrong ones. I can't think of anyone else to teach my daughter how to act and keep her safe." There was something warm in Nico's chest that completely washed away his fatigue from shadow traveling. And it didn't have anything to do with nectar or ambrosia. Piper entered the room, shouting a "We're home" to the apartment at large, then almost promptly had to slap her