Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games This is an AU fic that I just have to write, so enjoy. I can't seem to move forward with Gladiolus, not until I've finished this thing. ONESHOT Don't worry, Gladiolus is still a go! FROM HERE TO NOWHERE "Katniss, move!" the shout has me scrambling out of the way. The ball bounces off to the side. We're playing dodgeball and at present, the only one left standing from the red team is me. Gym is a real hassle but I find myself enjoying stuff like these as long as I get to piss off the other team. I'm currently in my junior year, 16 years old and attending the local high school here in Greencove. Greencove is a remote area down south with rows and hectares of greenery whether its grass or trees or rows of other shrubs, we have it. That's partially why its called Greencove. Most of the class wanted to get away from here. They wanted something more fabulous, more advanced technologically, and just some place where cows don't override the number of residents. But that's Greencove for you. I mean the iPad is already in its fourth generation before it was introduced here and even then, the locals wanted nothing to do with it. Microwave was just recently introduced but heating up a meal still means using the stove. Digital music is better downloaded online but vinyl records sounds much better. Besides, its not like we have great internet connection this south of nowhere. Yet, despite the small size and equally small-minded residents, I can't see myself leaving this place. When I was thirteen years old, my parents took me and my little sister to the city for a movie that I was dying to see and the hussle and bussle was so overwhelming that we found ourselves heading back to our quaint little house in Greencove. This was after spending two hours waiting in line for a movie ticket, an hour waiting in line for the ladies room, and another hour waiting in line of the food court. That's the summary of our great adventure, waiting in line. And I called my summer essay as such. I got an A because my teacher said that nothing good comes from the big city, better to just stick to your own here in Greencove. And so I did and nothing can convince me otherwise. I'm dating a great guy, his name's Peeta and he's had a crush on me since I was young. He confessed during Home Economics. He baked a big batch of cookies and on the side presented the whole class with this big cake with the icing exquisitely written, "Will you go out with me? Please?" All the girls ooowed and aaawed, cheering me to accept. I did because Peeta has always been nice to me. Their family owns the local bakery and he's been helping out his dad in the kitchen since he was four years old. His mother's a verified witch, though and she never liked me. The blue ball comes towards my form yet again, I dodge to the side. I only need to hold off for five more minutes and we'll get an automatic A in Gym. Blue team scowls at me and I throw a smirk in their direction. The opposing team is mostly filled with the popular kids, those a bit more financially higher than us because their daddies have their own farm while my dad is simply the head foreman for the family that rarely visits their plantation in Greencove; the biggest one, which is called Greenbrier. Doesn't matter that my dad brings him home almost as much dough as them and manages acres of land ten times bigger than theirs; all that actually matters is that he doesn't own it. Nonetheless, he's not really affected and so neither should his family. As I think this, I jump high to avoid the ball hitting my feet. Glimmer's getting frustrated and is now stomping her feet in irritation. She passes the ball to Marvel who winks at me before hurling it fast. Moving only slightly to the side, I avoid the ball with a mere centimeters to spare. Before they have a chance to puck another one over to me, the coach blows his whistle. It's over. The red team screeches and jumps at me to congratulate our success while the blue team continues to scowl. As I look, I see Clove frowning at me for a minute and then winks fast so as not to be seen. Clove is a good friend of mine and has been the class know-it-all. She's only 15 years old but since she's really smart, she got to skip a grade. Peeta doesn't like her for some reason, saying that no girl should be such a smartass. I just think she's fun and really too good for these losers. If Clove was fierce, Madge is the opposite. She's the Mayor's only daughter and was spoiled to death by her parents. Leading a sheltered life made her more insecure when confronted with other people, otherwise she's cool. The last of the group is Gale. Gale is the head football captain and is also the quarterback. All the girls wanted him despite his rather depressed family circumstance. His father's a drunkard who died early, leaving their mother to care for his two other siblings. His mother works as the maid and was rumored to be promoted to head housekeeper in Greenbrier. It seems a bit old fashioned but being a maid is a really tough job and besides, it pays well. Gale should be proud of her. But he's not. Gale doesn't want to be reminded of it. He's too proud for his own good and as soon as he graduates, he's heading straight for the city. Or so he says. I'm not so sure he'll enjoy it, though. I shrug, what do I care? "Hey, Katniss, Gale's been staring at you again during gym." Clove says while taking off her gym clothes. "Seriously, he should just ask you out… it's getting pretty creepy" "He doesn't like me Clove, he's just a friend. A protective one at that. He's like the overbearing brother than you never wanted to have" "Oh please, if my brother stared at me like that, I'll be calling child services along with Dr. Phil" she scoffs I look at her weirdly, shaking my head. Never really know what will come out of this girl. Her brother's name is Carlton and he's twice her size but has half her guts. Their the most awkward twins that you can imagine. Back in primary school, they use to tease her that they came from different fathers but one tongue lashing from the small nasty brunette has all of them retreating fast. No one can actually match Clove's wit around here. Even the teachers are wary of her. I just shrug my shoulders in response. She looks at me in exasperation, "Seriously, do you not know how many boys out there are trying to get your attention?" "What are you talking about?" I untangle my braid and step into the shower. "I mean, that almost all the guys during gym weren't really staring at the ball. They were staring at you!" "Of course, they're staring at me, I'm the one that got them an easy A in gym class" Shaking her head in disappointment, she looks at me pityingly, "Oh, you poor dear. Must be nice in that bubble that you're constantly living in" "I'm not living in any bubble, Clove, I'm just stating the most obvious and logical reason for the stares." "I bet Peeta notices…" And she goes on, despite my protests. This is the thing that always irritates me. People around here say that I'm oblivious but I'm not, seriously. So what if the people in the market always hands me more meat? They're good friends with my dad. And so what, if I get a discount in the local theater? I was the only one who talks to the pimple-faced guy on the other side of the ticket booth. Clove and Madge always says that I'm oblivious to a fault and every time they point it out, Peeta gets irritated and hurt. I don't know why. "You don't notice it but he does. Peeta isn't as oblivious as you, he knows that once he takes his eyes off you, that the next suitor is just waiting around the corner." "He shouldn't, I mean, we've been together for two years now, there's no reason for him to be that insecure!" "Well, you're growing up looking like that and he's not really getting any taller." I clamp my hand over her mouth, horrified, that was one of the more sore points in our relationship. Two years prior, I was smaller than Peeta by a couple of inches but then my period started and my growth hormones worked overtime that before long, I''ve reached a sturdy 5'7 and closing in to 5'8 in height. Unfortunately, Peeta's puberty didn't grant him the same hormones, he stayed at around 5'6 or 5'7. This didn't bother me and to me, it hardly matters but it does to him especially since it's the main topic of ridicule when it comes to us; our height difference. I always take care not to wear heals when around him, otherwise, I'd just tower over him and if that's not awkward enough, try kissing or dancing with your girlfriend who's three to four inches above you. I don't really mind because I prefer wearing my hunting boots. That's also one of the main reasons why I'm staying in Greencove; the hunting grounds. It's a passion of mine, I'm the captain of the archery team despite being only in my junior year and we've been state champions for three years running. Greenbrier is filled with it and the hunting grounds there is abundant. We usually shoot stray wolves attacking the herd and chickens. Stepping off the girl's locker room, I trod off the school grounds, smiling brightly in seeing Peeta at the school steps. A peck on the lips and we're off. Aside from his height, Peeta also looks very strong, years of kneading dough made his arms something to be reckoned with. He has warm blue eyes and dirty blonde hair. Signature features of the Mellark boys. Peeta is the youngest of five brothers and all of them are named after breads. Appam 'sweet bun' is the oldest, the second is Bammy 'flat bread,' the middle child and most volatile is aptly named Bolan 'Bolani' a bread stuffed with a variety of ingredients. Then there's Dose 'Dosa,' the most boring brother of all, he makes the loaf and wheat breads. And then there's Peeta who likes baking and decorating cakes. He's also their father's favorite but who could blame him? Peeta is hands down the most down-to-earth and gentle boy around Greencove. He's the kind that helps old ladies cross the streets and retrieves pet cats from trees. Even his brothers love him most. And as such, he gets to drive heir delivery truck to and from school. Some would call that cheap but transport is transport whether it's a chrome colored truck or a beat down delivery vehicle. Besides, it has plenty of room for me to stash my bicycle. Bicycling and Greencove go hand in hand because short cuts are too rough for the ordinary tire, so its better to just take a the two-wheel drive aka 'bicycle' and Greenbrier is on the other side of the county so I usually go by the fields. "Are we still on for tonight, Katniss?" Peeta asks. It's Friday night and he's been wanting to go out with his friends. Unlike me, he has friends everywhere, from the artsy group to the popular crowd. He's famous that way. I shrug. "If you're still