Okay, this was for Gigolas week on tumblr - Day 7 (AU). Yes, I know it is horribly late. Better late than never? xxx Dets ... The Long Road ... The world has changed. I feel it in the water. I feel it in the earth. I smell it in the air. All that once was is lost, and I alone still live to remember it. ... The race of Man inherited Middle-Earth, and glorious was their reign. Glorious - and short. They faded like dew upon petals. My people retreated into the mists. The Dwarves vanished into their stone fortresses and never returned. The Orcs were nothing but cries and growls in the moonlight, soon replaced by the howling of the wind. Long gone are the great Kings of Gondor and Númenor. Long gone are the beautiful towers and the mighty statues, their cities ruined and crumbled to nothing. I walked amongst the dust for long millennia and wondered: when would the day arrive? At long last, would I see you again, hear your voice once more? The rule of Man had failed. Did this mean that the battle of battles approached? I do not know how old I am. Ages of the Sun have born, grown old and died, and yet I am still here. Dagor Dagorath never came. The world span on, and I lived on, and I waited – oh how I waited. I watched as Man regressed back to its infancy and the world continued to turn. I watched as all the other Elves grew older and faded away, their centuries of life spreading them thinner and thinner until daylight could be seen through their bodies and their voices were but the calling of the wind. I watched as mighty creatures grew and swelled and filled the earth and the sea. They laid down their lives upon the scattered remains of the lands I once knew and loved. My feet stir their dust too. ... The continents groan and twist, and I groan and twist with them. The sea comes to claim me once more, and I welcome the waves that batter these new and unfamiliar shores. I flee my refuge to find another, and my eyes pass over familiar-not-familiar sights, and I ache. The yoke of my years is heavy. How beautiful they were, these lands of my youth! How I resent that they have changed! The mists that parted Aman from Middle-Earth dissipate. Aman is gone, swallowed by the hungry sea. Erebor has drowned, as has Mirkwood. Gondor's corpse is a great swamp. The Misty Mountains have become a string of islets. It is well that I have some experience at shipbuilding. ... A great meteor hit the world, and I wake from my stupor to cry aloud in a tongue that had not been heard for two billion years. Was this it? Did the Battle finally begin? Would I finally pass into a new life, one with healing and a pair of rough hands to welcome me? But no. The Battle is a lie, and the Valar have departed – or died. I stand here upon the shore holding the shreds of their promises, and all around me the mighty reptiles wither and choke in the celestial dust. Their vastness and their beauty and their savagery, gone. So much is now gone. I return to sleep. Why stay awake? The next million years will be no different to the last, after all. ... There was once an ape that walked upright. I watched it incuriously. It did not seem of any more or less importance than the billions of creatures who had come before it. At least the giant jewelled dragonflies had been beautiful. ... In no time at all! It was so fast! They have built a society. There are the beginnings of language. There is harvesting . They are curious and brutish and brutal, but they are fiercely protective of their clans and they learn fast – so fast that I break my long isolation and venture out into the sunlight to observe them. They hoot and scream at me when I approach, and even holding my hands up to show my peaceful intent gives them no assurance. They hurl sharpened stones at me and the young ones strut and posture, swaggering and eager to display themselves for their elders with their hollow show of bravery. I am far taller than these. They are not Men, not as I knew them. They are not Dwarves, though they are hairy enough (and the thought sends a sharp spear of pain through me – ai, that I have not lived long enough to be free of pain!). They are not small enough to be Hobbits, and they are certainly not Orcs. (I would even welcome an Orc, now.) They resemble Men more than any other race, but these are no true creation of Ilúvatar. I know – I saw. I saw them clamber down from the trees. I saw their shrewlike grandmothers scamper into burrows. I saw their amphibian great-grandmothers slither from the seas. I wonder if Ilúvatar is dead. It would be the final delicious cruelty. ... There is a city! It is crude, yes. The farming goes poorly. These new Men know nothing of crops or fields or seedlings. But there is a city! They organise themselves now – and some innovations are uglier than others. Cracks and divisions arise. A farmer with a better farm has more power and begins to curry favour amongst his fellows – and in no time at all, classes begin to form. They have begun to reduce their women to chattel. I am disappointed in them and in their new squat, ugly city – it is not all I hoped of them. It is built upon the dust of Mordor. How very fitting. ... They have also discovered how to build boats. They appear to have natural talent. ... They have begun to measure their years, and it is endearing to watch them struggle with the concept of time as I have always done. Always? No, not always – my days were once a smooth and seamless fabric, passing unending in the green-tinted twilight of my youth under the trees. Then you happened, my darling. You occurred like a meteor. And time was suddenly a quantity; limited, finite and precious beyond anything else in Middle-Earth. I could not hold or halt it. You knew all its secrets, but I was left to grasp at shadows. I think I am perhaps two or three thousand of their new years. They count by the sun, and the shadows of the stars. These stars are unfamiliar to me now. Varda no longer smiles upon me, and Eärendil has burned in a great and glorious pyre. I cannot sing to these new, cold strangers. I have slept too long. ... I cannot remember the light in your eyes. I cannot remember the taste of your lips. I remember that your hair was bright, but was it bright as the sun, or bright as the moon? I remember that it filled my hands and smelled like earth and lightning-struck stone and pipeweed – but what is pipeweed and why does the very name make my nose wrinkle? I cannot remember the touch of your hands, but I do remember how I trembled. ... I have attempted to approach them again. I am too different. They startle and scurry away, their great dark eyes wide. They are afraid of my skin and my hair and my eyes, so unlike theirs. They threaten me with their weapons and I allow myself to be driven away. I would have liked to learn their tongue. ... They also have a rather less savoury habit of massacring each other. ... The world is growing colder again. Many animals are dying, and I fear that many of the people will also. The oldest of the races of these New Men are hardier than their cousins, but they are fewer and fewer in number. They do not increase as quickly as their nimbler relatives. They are also shorter and far stronger. Perhaps I should have called them the New Dwarves? I have made a friend in a small female of these older and hardier folk. She has shown me how they hunt. I have painted my handprint upon a cave wall. It looks so long and alien, compared to hers. I remember that your hand was thick-fingered and broad, also. She is gone in an instant, and her children do not survive the frosts. ... Another city! And grandeur at last! I swathe myself in tanned skins to hide my hair and eyes, and walk amongst them as a beggar. They pour scorn upon me for my apparent weakness, but I am otherwise ignored. What a marvellous thing! It is here that I glimpse the first clue, but I do not realise it until I am safely back in my cave, humming absently under my breath. The New Men sing a tune that was born in Middle-Earth, under the light of Telperion's flower. It was an Elvish tune, a song of gladness for the spring rains. The words are different, the tongue that wields them unlovely and cumbersome in comparison, but the tune is just as Maglor wrote it, all those billions of years ago. I blink, and then I dismiss it as a coincidence. There are a finite number of tunes in the world, after all. ... I promised, my love. I promised to live. I promised to wait for your return, and for the renewal of all things. I am still alive, though all promises are dead. ... They learn so quickly. Soon, empires are marching across the map (I have gained several of these – some are ridiculously fanciful, and some have cleverly used the position of the sun and moon to trace the orb of the world, hanging in the void) and the foul rhetoric of Sauron and his master once again rings in the air. Those who have the secret of bronze may enslave their neighbour without reprisal. Children are burned alive to appease Gods that embody the angry seasons. One type of New Man is considered better than another. They mutilate each other gleefully, and call it honour. I return to sleep in disgust. The New Men? Nay, the New Orcs! ... More cities. More and more – I have slept well and deeply again, and the New Men have been busier than ants. They have covered the globe by now. Of their older cousins, the New Dwarves, there is no survivor. I am fortunate that the New Men have not uncovered my sleeping-place. I cannot think what they would make of Elvish reverie. Would they believe me to be a statue? A monster, clad in whites and golds? Or perhaps one of their angry gods, laid in earth? They have a fondness for placing their gods and heroes in the ground, to rise again one day to lead them to a great and glorious future. I could tell them that it does not work that way. That which returns to earth, belongs to the earth. She does not give back what is hers. And great and glorious futures are the lies we tell children so that they will endure yet another day spent in a mediocre and mundane present. ... Legends spring up, wherever I roam. I am unsurprised by the names they give me: the Fair Folk, the Shining One, the Deathless, and so on. Some think me a herald of woe. I laugh to think how Mithrandir would react to that! ... The cities are filthy! Smoke belches into the air like the fires of Mount Doom, and everywhere people are forced into tiny, arbitrary roles that only emphasis their smallness. Disease is rampant. Children die (children!) for lack of food. It is not considered important –