"Uncle Bofur?" Barís blinked. " My uncle Bofur?" "Shhhhh, yes, your uncle Bofur," Gimrís hissed, and she stuck another pin into the bodice on the master-performer's new dress. "That can't be so surprising, can it?" "I suppose not," Barís said, tipping her head. "But I never thought. Well, he's always just been silly Uncle Bofur to me." "Yes, but he is silly uncle Bofur to you," Gimrís said, and she span her friend around, stepping back to look at the combination of dress and bushy brown hair and round, cheerful face. Gimrís was a fair seamstress, but she disliked it and found it tedious. That she was helping Barís at all spoke of their long friendship. "Doesn't mean that's all he is. Hmm. That's a fair good colour on you." "Never thought," Barís repeated, and shook her head. She had recently had her lip pierced to denote her new mastery in songcrafting, and she worried at it with her teeth as she gave her friend a strange look. "He's a lot older than us." "I don't care," Gimrís said, just as stubborn as any member of her family, her vibrant hair bristling. "I don't care, he could be as old as the Mountain and I wouldn't care a jot." Barís smiled. "Well, good then. Sorry – just a bit surprised, didn't mean to be rude, Gim. Have you begun courting?" Gimrís hesitated, and then she dropped her head into her hands and groaned. "No." "Better get to that," Barís said, and moved stiffly over, her body held rigid to avoid the pins stuck everywhere through her new court dress. She felt rather like an ambulatory statue as she wobbled close to pat her friend on the shoulder. "Three nights hence," Gimrís said, muffled behind her hands. "First courtship dinner." "Good luck, then." Barís glanced down at her dress. "Now, can you help me get out of this thing?" "Sooooo." Bofur twiddled with his hat, nearly strangling the poor thing between his hands. "Gimrís, hello," he said. Then he groaned. "Nope. Nooooo. That'll never do. Uh… Gimrís, lovely to see you again! Here, let me take your NOPE, try again… Hello, Gimrís! Bofur son o' Bomfur, at your - NO, fer Mahal's sake, she knows who you are. Relax, y' daft old thing." He cleared his throat and strangled his hat some more. Then he plastered a very sickly smile on his face and said, "Hello, Gimrís. Lovely evening isn't it? How's about I take your coat and we can put our foot straight into our mouth, eh? Why not make it sound like you intend to get her undressed before we've even finished sayin' hello?" Bofur stared at himself in the mirror, and then let his head flop forward, burying his face in his hat. "You need to calm down," said a voice from the door, and Bofur looked up to see Bombur leaning on his staff, grinning at him like a full moon. "Oh, get lost, quit laughing at me," Bofur moaned, and he tugged on his plaits and met his eyes in the mirror again. "You're one hundred years wed, you probably can't even remember what it's like to go courtin': all the nerve-wracking awfulness of it. Besides, you skipped half the steps." Bombur shrugged easily. "Aye. Saved time." Bofur waved a hand at his reflection wildly. "An' between the pair of us you got the good looks. What have I to offer a dam like her? I'm too old for her!" "Seems she'll be the judge of that," Bombur said, and he limped forward to pick up Bofur's hat and brush it off a few times. "And seems she's not interested in any other. I wouldn't go questioning that too hard, if I were you – you might end up convincing her." Bofur stared at himself gloomily as Bombur settled his hat back on his head and gave one of its tails one last brush. He was dressed in his nicest clothes – and these days, the nicest he could afford was very nice. Still, they weren't as splendid as the ones, say, Balin favoured. Bofur didn't really ever think that he'd outgrow a certain internal screech every time he spent more than a couple o' bob on clothes, by Telphor's nose. Poverty was a hard habit to lose, even for one of the richest Dwarves in Erebor. So he was clad in a smart jacket (that he'd actually forced himself to buy) in red and brown, buttoned up over a tan high-collared shirt with clever green embroidered clasps, and plain dark brown trousers. The boots were Alris' work, and had very nice leather knotwork around the tops and were lined in goat-wool that spilled out around his shins. He rather liked them, even if they weren't as fancy as some he'd seen around the markets of Dale. He was unsure about his scarf. Winter was drawing on, but his scarf had seen better days and it was faded besides. Too late to go and buy a new one. And then there was his hat. "I look like a middle-aged fart in new clothes," he said in dawning dismay. "You look fine," said his little brother gently, and he patted Bofur's shoulder. "Go on." "I've grey in my hair an' moustache now," Bofur fretted. "Think I could hide it with some o' the boot-black on it?" "Boot-black in your beard!" Bombur actually raised his voice above a murmur in his astonishment. "An' leave her with boot-black all around her mouth?" Bofur's mind went soft and hazy. "Whu…?" "Don't be putting boot-black anywhere near your face, nadad," Bombur said, and he clucked his tongue once or twice and then licked his fingers and twisted the points of Bofur's moustache until they were sharp enough to poke someone's eye out. "There. Looking like a mine full o' diamonds, you are. An' the grey's nice, it's distinguished." "She's so beautiful. She's so clever. She's not even a hundred yet," Bofur said, and then he rubbed his eyes. "I'm not doing this, I'm not doing this." "All right then," Bombur soothed, gently pushing Bofur towards the door. "Just as you say, you're not doing this. Show me your smile, eh?" Bofur smiled. Bombur looked a little worried as he patted Bofur's shoulder again. "Well, there's nothing in your teeth, at least." "Where is it!" Crash. "Durin save me, where is my gold comb!" "Gimrís, calm down!" "Calm down?" she hissed, and whirled on Gimli who held up his hands as meekly as he was able. "I was only going to say, it's over beneath your book," he said. "I can see the edge." "Oh." She moved the book that was sitting propped open on her dresser ("Ailments of the Throat and Nose, by Óin son of Gróin") and sure enough there sat her little gold comb. "Oh, thank Mahal." "Thank me, if you please," Gimli laughed, and he stepped forward and lifted the massive heavy rope that was Gimrís' hair. Falling to below her knees, red as fire, it was a weighty and curly mass that was nigh-impossible to tame even as it was the envy of all Erebor. "Do you want a hand?" "You couldn't do my hair even if I held a knife to your throat," she sniffed, and tugged her hair back. "You barely know which end of a comb is which." "You're hilarious. I can brush if you pin," Gimli said, tipping his head. Gimrís glanced around at the havoc her panic had caused. Her room was something of a disaster, and so was she. Half her desk was on the floor, and her hair was still bound in a working-braid. She only wore a shift, and her dress still lay on the bed ready to be worn. She was not even wearing her earrings or nose-jewel yet! She sat on her stool heavily, and the air was suddenly very thin and hard to breathe. "I'm not ready!" she gasped. "Gimrís," Gimli said tentatively. "Here, I can't do much harm if I just brush while you put your rings on, eh?" "Gimli, you fathead, didn't you hear me? I'll be late, I'm going to be so late, oh, what will he think of me!" she managed, and her voice sounded high and shrill to her own ears. "He will think, and rightfully so, that you are the most irritating and irksome Dwarrowdam to ever walk the halls of Erebor," Gimli said with utter solemnity, and he ducked, laughing heartily as she scowled and swiped at him. "Now hold still, namadith, or I shall end up pulling out your hair instead of brushing it." "I didn't know you could use a brush," she retorted automatically, mostly out of long habit rather than out of any true spite. Still, Gimli was oddly indifferent to his hair for a Dwarf, a fact that had provided a mine of material for a sharp-tongued younger sister. He snorted now, and began to unwind the long ties that kept her hair bound, before dragging the brush through the ends alone, working his way up the great mass of hair. "Put your rings in," he said absently. Gimrís was still lightheaded, and so she would use that as her excuse for doing as he said: looping her ears with her favourite cuffs and threading her nose with a bright blue jewel. "All right, did you want a four-strand?" Gimli said eventually, and Gimrís looked up from putting her finger-rings on. Her hair was completely unbound, and haloed around her like a cloud. "Leave it," she heard herself say, and Gimli's eyebrows shot up. "You'll have a bugger of a time getting it all back under control," he warned. "Then… then let's just braid the top," she said, and raised her hands. "I want to wear my gold comb… oh, where is it now… " "It's by your elbow," Gimli said, and he leaned back to let her work. She fought her hair for a moment, and then Gimli's hands rested over hers. Hers were burned shiny in places from glasswork, but his were hard as granite from weaponscraft and mining. "You're tangling it," he said, his voice oddly gentle. "Here. I might not like doin' for myself, but I do know what to do." She met his eyes in her dresser-mirror, and he smiled at her encouragingly. "All right," she said, and she sounded young and nervous. Gimli took up her hair again and bent to the task. When he had gathered it all up at the back of her head she blurted, "what do you think?" He frowned, and glanced at her. "About what?" "About…" she waved a hand vaguely. Gimli seemed to get the message though, and he bent his head, grinning. "I think it's grand." She blinked. What, no mockery? "Really?" "Aye." Gimli tied off a last small braid to hang before her ear, before taking up the gold comb and setting it carefully amidst the rich red wealth of her hair. It sat above the knot of braids he had woven at the back of her head, which then cascaded into a tail of unbound curls hanging down her back. "Really." "Oh." She looked at herself for a moment or two, and then swallowed. "What if he doesn't like me?" "Gimrís," he said seriously, and set his hands upon her shoulders. "He already likes you." She hated how foolish she sounded when she asked, yet again, "really?" Gimli raised an eyebrow. "Nope, it's all lies. He's made plans for dinner with another Dwarrowdam. It's some other clever, quick-witted, beautiful, pain-in-the-arse journeyman glassblower an' apprentice healer named Gimrís." She hit him with her brush. "Should I walk her to Bofur's place, d'you think?" "Glóin." "Just to see her there safe, y'know. I wouldn't go putting myself in the way. Just get her there safe." "Glóin." "I'd leave right away!" " Glóin ." "An' while I'm there, I could take the opportunity