Chapter 1 King's Cross September 1st Things were just as he remembered and yet everything had changed; most importantly, he had changed. Harry Potter was no longer the skinny, impressionable young boy he had been the first time he set foot on Platform 9 and ¾. Back then, he had arrived at the station with Hagrid and then left alone to fend for himself in the strange world he had barely heard of. Today he stood beside his adoptive family: his sister Elizabeth, his mother Silvia, and last but certainly not least, his father Drake Firefang. A man that made up with wisdom and caring for what he had in secrets and, hell, if one could measure them, they probably out-weight the world. Their bodyguards cleared a path for them to walk easily thought the mass of parents and children wanting to board the Hogwarts Express; their movements stirred the crowd like ripples making everybody turn and stare at them. Harry supposed that it was due more to their attire than anything: Full Kevlar & Dragonskin suits and the black and crimson-red robes that distinguished his father's private army; also, in addition to their wands each member wore a 9mm pistol with magically enhanced bullets and a pair of mirrored glasses. They must have made an impressive display for the civilians, specially the purely magical families who had probably never seen a gun. Or a tactical team for that matter. Harry shook his head in amusement when he saw people looking at them and pointing. Just then, he felt his father's hand fall on his shoulder. "Having fun?" Even without looking, Harry could tell that he was smiling... he was sure that Drake had brought the bodyguards more for show than anything. After all, Harry and Elizabeth had trained with these men and knew almost as much. And as far as his father was concerned… well he was in a completely different monster. As if to confirm his suspicions, his mother swatted his father on the arm " Drake , what are you up to now ?" Drake's smile became more natural, almost innocent, as he turned to his lover. "Nothing to worry about, dear" he winked at the children and faced forward again. Their movement through the platform went uninterrupted until they were but a few feet away from the entrance to the train. Once there, Drake knelt beside his children and gave each a slip of paper with a wax seal "Keep this with you at all times" "What is it?" Elizabeth asked, looking at it with puzzlement. "It's a Royal Permit" Both kids looked up with wide eyes "a what?" they chorused. "A Royal Permit ." He repeated, a smile still painted on his face "It allows you to use your training in the outside. But only in self-defense , you hear me?" His face and voice turned grave, wanting to emphasize the importance of that one rule "remember that you have been trained to be much more than any normal person… these skills should be used with responsibility." Their stoic faces meant more than their words, but the kids still answered with a chorused "Yes father." "Apart from that, just remember to make friends, play some pranks, keep up to date with your homework and projects, and have a lot of fun." Stoic faces evaporated, leaving behind a set of wide grins. The man stood up, allowing his wife to say her goodbyes and gave the children an equal set of heartfelt hugs and kisses. Looking after Harry had been his pride and joy for the past five years, but now that the young man was going to school like all his brothers and sisters before, now it was time to set things in motion… specially if he expected his children to enjoy some time for themselves, away from the gruel training they had endured so far. It was needed though. It would make their life easier in the long run, since they'd be prepared to deal with whatever the world threw at them. That didn't mean he didn't wish their life was going to be easy and happy, but he was a realist. Life and happiness didn't come without struggle. "Daddy?" The man looked down to his youngest daughter and, like so many times before, marveled in the brilliance her soul held, as well as the link of love that connected them… more than with anyone else before, this girl had him wrapped around her little finger. Not even her adoptive mother, the still extremely beautiful Silvia Delacour was able to compete with the devotion this innocent child made him feel. "Yes, Liz?" he knelt before her with a smile that could only show a fraction of the importance she received in his heart. "I love you daddy" she whispered with teary eyes, as her arms wrapped around his neck "and I'm afraid. What if I mess things up? What if I'm not good enough?" That nearly brought tears to his eyes too, he put his arms around her and picked her up with extreme care "My beloved Elizabeth" he whispered in her ear, trying to infuse his words with positive feelings "You, who are the Sun of my days and the Moon of my sky, how could I not possibly love you? Take comfort and hope in our bond, young one, for the love that connects us is eternal." He placed a kiss on the top of her head "I love you, my sweet girl and know that you will never be alone because I'm right there in your heart. Do not fear, because it is the rule of the universe is that anything that is linked through love shall never be apart." He caressed her hair until her sobs subsided and she gave a great sigh. When he felt that she was a bit more composed he pulled her a little away "You are the bravest and more incredible girl I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. I am sure you will do just fine." Her smile was, indeed, the sun of his days. Feeling much better, the girl hugged him again "Thank you daddy". He placed her on the floor, where he took the time to approach his son. "How do you do it?" the boy asked him when he placed a hand on his shoulder. "What, exactly?" Harry brought his hand up to erase an errant tear "make me want to vomit from all the fluffiness and cry of happiness at the same time." Drake laughed "It's a talent acquired after years and years of practice." He offered the boy a confident grin "Perhaps I shall teach you some day. Girls love it ", he laughed again at his son's frown. "No thanks… at least not now." The man nodded, and took some time to gaze at the boy "you know I am very proud of you, right?" It was Harry's turn to smile, somehow, his praise made him feel ten-feet-tall and bulletproof "Yes." "Then let me tell you something you probably don't already know: I'm very proud to be able to call you my son. And that nothing that ever happens or is ever done will change that. You are my son in all the ways that matter, should there be any doubt." He saw the boy was fighting tears again and decided to wrap things up quickly "I know there will be hard times in both of our futures, and that there is still much we must do and accomplish before we can call ourselves free from fate. But be sure Harry, be very sure, that no matter where you go or what you do, that my spirit and my heart are always beside you. And that everything and anything I am and can do I put to your disposition, to use as you will." "Damn" Harry cursed, unable to hold back the tears any more "you're good." He felt his father embrace him, and only inside the safety of his arms, did he allow himself to shed the tears that were close to choking him. A minute later, he sighed and took a step back, taking the handkerchief his mother offered him. "Thank you father, I may not be as eloquent but I can tell you this: If I ever die, then fate better place the future me with you again… or I'm going to cause all kinds of hell until it does." His father laughed out loud "You know I would gladly take you in… if you're kind enough to leave the world standing" now it was Harry's turn to laugh. "Look after your sister for me." The boy nodded with conviction, feeling the sacredness of his promise. "And do remember to write" Silvia added, taking her husband's hand once he was back on his feet " often ." " Yes mom ." Both kids chorused rolling their eyes, making the adults grin. They then saw the children walk away with a pair of bodyguards trailing behind them, which didn't leave their charges until the red train began to move. Drake and Silvia raised their hands to wave at their children as they left in the Hogwarts Express, and didn't put them down until the transport disappeared in the distance. "I'm going to miss them" Silvia sighed and erased the tears with the back of her hand "and I don't even want to imagine what you're going through right now." To her surprise, her husband laughed "I'm used to goodbyes" he smiled back at her, but even in his cheerfulness she saw the trace of unshed tears. "Besides, we'll see them in the holidays." "Whatever are we going to do in the mean time?" she wondered. "Well… it seems that we do have a lot of time in our hands, don't we?" his smile, just like the one that had won her heart over so many years ago, suddenly made her feel hot. "You're incorrigible!" she swatted his arm but couldn't help the anticipation bubbling inside her. "Will you accompany me then, milady? I just happen to have a carriage waiting for us" he wagged his eyebrows and brought her hand to his lips. Her smile could have easily brightened the whole station. As they turned to leave a man crossed their path provoking their bodyguards' reaction: withdrawing wands and guns and closing lines in an instant. "Ah" the man stiffened, but didn't lose his aristocratic demeanor "Forgive my rudeness, I merely wished to speak with your lord." With silky tone he spoke to the man in front of him, who only moved at a gesture from Drake. "Please forgive my men" Drake smiled, taking a step forward… he had been waiting for this to happen. Actually this was the very reason he had brought such an impressive –and utterly unnecessary– force "They are simply doing their job." The man before him was pale for an Englishman; his dress robes where of the most exquisite silk and the diamonds that shone brightly on his wrists were genuine. As was his platinum hair, which he wore long and tied with a black lace behind his neck. Before him stood the pale and regal-looking Lucius Malfoy. "I understand completely sir. It is, after all, the only sure way to keep the filth away." "Truly" Drake smiled at the haughty pureblood. His sarcasm flew completely over Luscious. He bowed "Lucius Arcturus, Lord Malfoy, at your service" he offered his hand, which Drake shook. "Drake Firefang, Count of Drakengard, at yours." Inside, the Count smiled at the sudden widening of Lucius eyes at the mention of his title. "And this is my countess Silvia Drakengard." The pureblood did the proper courtesy for a lady of her stature, and wondered, like many before him, if she was fair game. "You must forgive my surprise, milord. It has been a while since I heard of another noble wizard of such stature. Could I