A/N: Hello and welcome to my first attempt at Tom/Hermione. I've fallen in love with the 'villain' once again (I shouldn't be surprised, really) and I needed to vent all my frustrations from other stories into this. I found that no matter how many I read, there was always small pieces that could've been added to make it flow easier and I am, by no definition, an expert. So I don't know how long this will be, but hopefully a solid 40k. Stick around to find out and don't be shy and leave me a review! It's always nice to hear feedback! Warnings: A/U (although it's explained why/how eventually), lemons or limes (various), death, mentions of rape, time travel, fluff (yikes my heart), and friendly portrayals of characters the fanfiction community tends to hate (sue me). On that note, please don't actually sue me, I don't own the Harry Potter franchise or anything to do with it. I only own this short story about the characters JK Rowling created, but they might be distorted from the kids they played because the first casualty of war is innocence so... yeah. "Je me crois en enfer, donc j'y suis," -(A Season Of Hell; 1873) August, 1998, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, "I'm sorry, Professor, but you can't be serious," Hermione asked, incredulous, as she paused in her pacing to glance over at the wizard who's eyes were void of any of their usual sparkle, "anyway, all the time turners were destroyed in the Ministry two years ago, Sir." Dumbledore fiddled with the end of his grey beard serenely, his composed attitude towards what he expected from her only fueling her justifiable anger. When the Headmaster had asked her to meet with him after the daily dinner in the Great Hall, a refuge open to anyone -student or Order member-, she had assumed it was because he wanted to talk about Harry's latest bout of self-hate and depression. The war that was ultimately placed upon his shoulders had a huge impact on her friend, and it was clear to anyone who met his eye. He blamed himself for every death that was announced in the Daily Prophet and she couldn't do anything to help her suffering friend. It was Hell. "I am afraid that a Timeturner won't be needed this time. An old friend of mine came across a spell as old as time itself just recently, that I'm sure can be applied to this situation. That is, of course, if you comply-" "Well it's not as if you gave me much of a choice, did you?" she snapped out at him, then apologised immediately, "I'm sorry, Professor, I'm just shocked and somewhat indignant that you sprung it upon me like this. Of course I will do it, there was never any choice... really..." Hermione gestured towards Dumbledore's open window, letting light in but also showing them both the devastation that lay just outside that room. The courtyard over to the left was sparse, the rubble build up magically moved to the side to allow for travel through it. The school itself had seemed dead since the end of the war. Death Eaters had escaped, prejudice was still going strong, the economy was in shambles -as was the Ministry of Magic- and Hermione wondered very often if they had even won at all. It didn't feel like it; with so many dead, and so many others mourning everyone who was gone, it felt even worse than being on the run. At least then it had always been her, Harry and Ron together, but now she was being practically shoved into the past all on her own to save them. Save everyone , she corrected herself. She would have to say goodbye to everything she loved. "I have to say I am pleased to know that you realise the gravity of this decision. There can be no margin for error." Hermione nodded and let out a sigh of acquiescence, thumbing the button on her soft and worn old cardigan, "Why me ?" The errie silence in the room was sufocating and she was too glad when her old Professor answered her, although he did not give the answer she had wanted. "Tom Riddle will not stop for an army. He won't get caught by a spy nor will he be ignorant to subterfuge. During his time in Hogwarts, mostly towards the end, Riddle becomes the incarnation of deceit," Dumbledore paused as if going to say something else but then decided not to, "Charismatic, insightful, cunning, but not evil. You must see this, Hermione. You were always the only option. Have you never wondered why your magic has always seemed more powerful than, say, others in your year?" Hermione stood back from the windowsill and returned to the chair she had vacated when he had sprung his insane idea upon her. Now that she thought about it, she finally understood the dead weights that set his eyes cold from one minute to the next. The once ludicrous plan now seemed all the move appealing to her; she could save George all the pain of losing Fred, she could spare Draco from being a pawn in a gruesome war, give Teddy his parents back, she could let Harry have the parental figure that he craved and save him from the guilt that ruled his life. She could do this. She had to. For Harry, the Weasleys, the Cattermoles, Sirius, Andromeda, Luna, and everyone else who lost everything in the Second Wizarding War. With the chance of changing everything inches away from her grasp, the idea of going back downstairs after this meeting and seeing all their broken expressions staring back at her. "Natural selection, obviously- It's in Darwin's theory of evolution. Phenotypic variation-" "I believe this is the first time you have gotten a question wrong, Hermione. It wasn't evolution, but some very powerful wizards very fare away in your family tree. And yes," he held up a hand with a gentle smile when she showed signs of going to interrupt him, "although muggleborns usually have a wizard somewhere on their family tree, yours was far more powerful. I assume you read the Tales of Beetle the Bard?" "Of course, Sir- But what has this got to do with anything?" she had to fight to keep herself from screaming in frustration. Dumbledore replied as if she handn't even spoken, something which annoyed her to no end, "You are the brightest witch of your age, probably the brightest witch of this age, wouldn't you agree?" Hermione blushed at the compliment but he continued, "Bright enough to cheat death, would you say?" Her jaw opened at the implication. He's finally lost his last marble. Fallen off his rocker. Lost his mind. And then every other saying for people who make such absurd things. "This spell..." she stated, unsure, "-you're positive it'll work? It'll send us exactly where we need to be?" "You are the impetus behind the force of magic. You see it works as though it's a moral compass. Anything you need to remember about your motive, you'll find you will," Dumbledore blase tone died away into an excited passion. He obviously was very interested in the prospect of time-travel. It being your last resort does do that to you, Hermione snarled to herself bitterly. "Every moment spent in this time, is aging away those who do not belong and changes every thought." No, he's still himself if he's spouting some nonsensical crap or another. "When do you want me to go?" Now that she knew for certain that Dumbledore hadn't been playing a cruel practical joke on her, she took her time to memorise every quirky trinket in Dumbledore's clustered rooms. She would miss his obsession with niche Muggle candies. "I think a week would suffice for you to read up on the more older customs and say goodbye to loved ones," she nodded along with him at the expected answer, "And if you wish to bring Harry and any other trustees with you for moral support, then you may." At the last part Hermione's heart clenched painfully. Could she bring Harry into this? Would he have enough tact to not Avada Tom Riddle on sight? "I'll think about bringing Harry, but it's really the issue of the specifics. How old would we be? How will I fit in at the age of eighteen? What name will I use? Will I even be able to go to Hogwarts and pass for seventeen? What about clothes and money? It's almost the end of the summer, how am I to organise myself in his time before the start of school? I'm just-" The itching feeling to kick out at something struck her and she clamped her mouth closed before she was even ruder to one of the most powerful Wizards alive. Instead of being cross with her though, Dumbledore smiled at her with a new twinkle in his eyes -an unsettling thought- and told her to think about the ordeal she was about to put herself through some more and return to him at the same time the next day. As Dumbledore almost nearly pushed her out of the door, ignoring her insistent questions with a patience she couldn't understand, she drifted off into her own mind. She was related to the Three Brothers. Her ancestor was a Peverell, and therefore she was. What did Dumbledore mean by saying she was the only one who could've been considered? Why did her blood have a tie to that time period in particular? What happened? In her haze she didn't consciously decide where to go next; her feet seemed to have carried her towards the library, as she was now standing in front of the once comfortingly imposing doors. Now they were just intimidating. They only laughed in her face that the answers she sought couldn't be found in between aged pages of parchment or in the smell of leather bound books on archaic shelves. Instead, she found herself heading towards the Gryffindor Tower where her, Ron, Harry, Ginny, a handful of other past-pupils, including a young Malfoy, -a fact that was shocking enough in itself that he returned- were staying since they took back Hogwarts after the war. The ruins were detrimental and many wondered if the school could be rebuilt enough to ever welcome its students back. She stepped through the portrait of the fat lady with the password "Felix Culpa, " and wandered over to the fireplace at the back of the common. The cross hatched design on the windows let thing lines of shadow fall across the red brick of the mantle-place and the diamond shaped light streams fell onto the ground and sofa with an unearthly heaviness. Hermione studied the corner where she used to to do her homework, purely because it was quieter than the main area of the common room where Ron and Harry would play chess, and her eyes caught onto everything she had taken for granted. She would do anything to see the innocence -pure life- emanating from everyone as George demonstrated another one of his ingenious inventions -this time, with his twin by his side. Fred. Her breaths got shorted and her mind was so fuzzy that she forgot how to breath in. Oh God, she was having another panic attack. She reached out for the overstuffed armchair by the small arched window, sinking into it with the hopes that she wouldn't lose her dinner. Her friends were doubtless with each other in one of their dorms. She was alone. Fred was gone. She was alone. The gut-wrenching feeling returned and her brain twisted painfully at the loss. It was like The Battle all over again. There she was, so happy that she and her friends had all survived. Ecstatic, even. She walked into the hall with a guilty giddiness in her step that stopped suddenly when she spotted