"Flight 226 from Seattle, Washington, now arriving at gate 3A - Flight 226 -Seattle now arriving." The announcement echoed through the airport, bouncing off the nerves of the Black sisters as they rushed to meet their brother arriving on that flight. "Hurry up, you guys!" Rachel Black growled over her shoulder at her sister Rebecca, as they dragged 6 kids with them thru Honolulu 's tropical airport. They looked like islanders, exceptionally beautiful ones at that. They fit right in with the locals, their gorgeous copper skin darkened even farther by the tropical sun, long jet black hair, lean healthy bodies from lots of outdoor living. But the tribe of children they dragged with them, acted just like wild Indians. And justifiably so. They were the offspring of full-blooded Quileute warriors. The spitting images of their fathers, their Uncle Jake and all their relatives back in LaPush, Washington. "We can't leave the car in a handicapped spot Rach! We'll get towed." Rebecca swallowed the damnit to avoid paying Sara's cuss jar, again . She shuffled faster, trying to catch up to her sister. " If THIS isn't freaking handicapped" Rachel yelled, holding up the arms of the two, small, dark-haired kids she dragged with her..."what the fuck IS?" "Pay the jar, Mommy" an angelic voice chimed as the group thundered down Concourse A. "Uncle Jake's really coming? Here? Right now?" Jayden, the oldest, was wide-eyed with excitement, as he caught up with the 2 women, dragging a huge diaper bag along. "Yes!" Rachel huffed, hauling 2 toddlers up into the black, leather sling chairs as they reached the arrival gate. "Your mom owes the jar." Becca bit out as the women glared at one another while settling the children safely around them. With tiny necks craning for a view out the huge windows of the airport concourse, the children's insistent chants rose against the airport noise and their mom's nerves. "I wanna see the planes! We wanna see the planes! Da,planes, da planes!" "Jeeze, Rach, 6 kids, 2 husbands and Jacob." They smiled at each other shaking their heads. "For 3 whole weeks." The tots cheered. "Yay! Uncle Jake!" "You think its gonna be enough time to get him straightened out?" Rachel worried quietly. "It's all we have and he can't go on like he has." Becca squeezed her sister's hand as they watched anxiously for their little brother's plane to appear. ~o0o~ "Jeezsus. 3 fucking weeks." He cussed, glaring out the plane window. He turned his attention back into the smallest damn aircraft, to ever be built. He was sure of it, he thought stretching as much as he could. His long legs were aching all the way up to his balls. He rubbed at the numbness in his thighs, wishing there was something, someone could do for his balls... "Damnit, if big people got to have 2 seats, tall mother fuckers should get better leg room." He mumbled his dissatisfaction, Yeah, even if it meant removing the fuckin seat in front of them. He was regretting the trip back already. Jacob Black was one tall, dark, handsome mother fucker. Stunning really. Standing 6'6 and packing only pounds of pure muscle, on long, thick, hard, limbs. He was 100% native american, homegrown in the wilds of LaPush, Washington. A beautifully chiseled face, framed by dark silky waves that barely touched his shoulders. His dark, smoldering eyes could twinkle with mischief and youth in more carefree moments. But it was his smile that sold you his soul. It could light up a moonless night, and melt away everything around you - when he chose to share it. Jacob was definitely a chick magnet. The problem was - he didn't know it. He'd never reciprocated all the lustful looks and obvious eye fucks women gave him. He never paid anyone, any attention, except Leah. He'd always been with Leah. Never, anyone else. After their father died, his twin sisters married brothers from the Rez. Two of his best friends, and ran off to Hawaii leaving him alone in Washington. Well, not alone. More like enslaved. It only took him 3 years and a quarter of a mil to regain his sanity. His freedom. His life back from... Leah Fucking Clearwater-Black. What a major mind fuck, she managed to pull on him. He chugged the last drop of alcohol his ice-cold glass had to offer, just as images of Leah and his business partner, Sam Uley started the unwelcome parade through his memory. All the nakedness wasn't even half of it! He slammed the clinking, mockery down on the plastic tray, wishing desperately he could get a refill. Alcohol should never run out before the ice he thought angrily, glaring into the empty glass. And never, ever , during a Leah-Sam-naked- parade. How the fuck did he ever let his sisters talk him into this visit? He slammed the tray shut in front of him and rearranged his legs 10 more times looking for a comfort zone. He knew damn well they had ulterior motives and wouldn't give him a moment's peace. At least not about the confirmed bachelor status. Shit, maybe Seth was right. Maybe he was turning into one sorry ass mother fucker - Maybe he was gonna shrivel up and die from resentments and lack of proper use. They all said he was a goddamn waste of male perfection. At least they made him laugh, once in a while. The plane was with the slow roll, forever, before it finally lurched to a stop, breaking him from his pensive stupor. "Welcome to Hawaii" a voice crooned thru the cabin, first in English then in Hawaiian. "The weather in Honolulu today is..." "Hot!" a small voice shouted from the seat in front of him. The passenger jumped up like a jack in the box being sprung. A cape of mahogany hair floated into place around small framed shoulders, cascading all the way down her back. The small voice continued giggling and responding to the overhead information. Jake's eyes darted back to the screen of his iPhone as it loaded his daily bank statement. He didn't need any more brunette flavored trouble. No sir...he'd had plenty.. .but he was a sucker for tiny brunettes with big attitudes. Jake busied himself gathering his gear, concentrating on not watching her. He watched the other bodies crowd uncomfortably, into every inch of aisle space, anxious to be purged from their confines. No sense being in a rush, he'd never fit himself into this crowd without looking like a bull in a china shop. Grasping his carry on, he moved over to the aisle seat, tilting his head so he wouldn't hit it on the way up. And, Whaddya know, it was a perfect view of the girl in front of him wiggling her way to the aisle. A really, niiice, heart-shaped ass going ... a brown wrinkled hand reached for his, interrupting the view and his thoughts. "C'mon" she smiled down at him. " You're bout as tall as my grandson, up you go!" She motioned for him to get in line ahead of her. Jake grabbed the seat in front of him, pulling to help unfold his massive body from the cramped area. He stretched to full height, pulling his bag beside him, his head now skimming the top of the plane as his neck bent uncomfortably. Annnnd all eyes were on him. A smug grin bloomed, warming his hard face. "I bet you have a pretty girl waiting for you, don't you?" Her old voice cracked, through her knowing smile. Her hand landed softly on his back, so she could steady herself. With a slight twist, he looked down his right shoulder into her smiling eyes. "Two!" He teased back at her with a crooked smile. "Two?" She breathed out a chuckle, patting his broad back. "Two times the trouble, and the pleasure, no doubt." "My sisters." He shrugged, making the old woman snort with laughter. Soft and warm crashed against his chest, his reflexes jerking him back as he bumped into the girl ahead of him. "Ughhh, sorry… " he mumbled softly over her shoulder, steadying her with his hand at her elbow. "Listen I gotta go! I'll be there in 2 minutes, silly!" she ended her call throwing him a quick glance over her shoulder. Big brown eyes … check. He watched as she tucked the phone under her arm into her bag, noticing a small delicate hand. No ring. Automatically it registered in his brain, then immediately he wanted to beat himself for it. He was not skirt chasing. Was not, is not, will not. Vacation or not. No. Way. "Fuck" he stomped his foot mentally, insisting his brain clear itself of the brunettes delicious scent flowing from her hair. He tried in vain to back off her. He'd been married his whole fucking life to the wrong girl, and now he was totally messed up over it. He wasn't gonna go there with anyone else. Nope. Not ever. It really was no wonder his sisters demanded the visit, demanded he cash in his ridiculous amount of vacation time. He obviously needed some type of attitude adjustment, and not just the alcohol kind he'd been embalming himself with . His family was living happy, healthy lives. Of course they'd wanted the same for him and be willing to help reset his brain about women, if possible. Bright sun light hit his eyes as they finally reached the door. "Just a few more steps... a few more" He concentrated on his freedom from the crushing herd, aaand unff! The girl stopped abruptly, squealing like, well, like ... crazy chicks do. Thennn, the bouncing began. An arm appeared, pushing a huge flower necklace above her head, right into his face. Blinding him and putting him off-balance, he threw his hands up in front of him. That smooth little move, liberated his iPhone right out of his hand. "Shit, what the fuck.." he bent quickly to retrieve the dropped phone, spying it an inch from Honolulu Barbie' s spiked heel. Grabbing for it with his large hands, her ankles tangled up from the unexpected invasion, making her, lose her balance as well. His head tangled briefly under her fucking skirt, as he jerked up just in time to catch her falling off her shoes into his quick arms. Hot breath shoots out of them in surprise as they land together. Realization slows to a crawl. In his arms, an angelic face, surrounded by beautiful pink and white blooms, cradle dark eyes so wide, so curious, as they blink away surprise. Soft wet, pink lips, lift gently in a smile for him. The softness and sweetness so near... Scowling abruptly, he eased her forward, onto her feet. "S s-sorry," she blushes, regaining her balance. She eyes him rapidly, catching a load of all the irritation and negativity rolling off him. "I had to stop and get lei'd." she smirks, straightening the beautiful welcoming gift around her neck. "Maybe you should too." She bit out, turning on her heel and shuffling down the ramp quickly. "Goodbye, thank you!" she waves back at the crew and the captain nods, watching her go. "E Komo Mai." A beautiful Hawaiian girl murmurs, reaching for his head with a ring of flowers. "No!" He snaps, pushing the offer aside, stalking quickly down the ramp, himself. The tropical heat nearly takes his breath away. Adjusting his aviators he unfastened another button on his shirt. T he large glass doors to the concourse fly open, unleashing an out pouring of greeters, family and friends. People throwing themselves into warm hugs, exchanging happy greetings. Hawaiian Flight Barbie is welcomed by 2 of her kind, and Mr. Leave Me The Fuck Alone, can't peel his eyes away. Young, pretty, curvy, tan, barely dressed, 20 somethings. All jumping up and down, squealing like Varsity Cheerleaders in overtime. They hurry off into the airport,