Pairing : Jake n Bella (B n P & J n L) times Rating: MA Genre/Universe: Older, All Human, OOC, Romance, Drama Summary: Fitness careers, fit friends, fit lives, doesn't always make us Fit For Love . They finally find each other, soul mates . But, when one of them pulls away, will the other survive the heartbreak ? And in the end, will whats left of them all, even be, Fit For Love ? I'm over cannon-ish, wolfish, teeney bopper-ish, Jake n Bella. So, if you're looking for all that, its not gonna be in this story. Nope, not this time. This time around , I'm gonna have a little fun with Jake. He's not gonna be so damn perfect. Oh, he'll still be perfectly hottttt, and he's still "Our Jake' under it all, but...well, just hang on and have faith, okay? Anybody like Jake a little bad? ~o0o~ In our all human world there's no imprinting, no sexy guys crawling through our windows pursuing us on a nightly basis. No "natural path" to jump on with the hunky boy next door. In fact, the search for "true love" a " happily ever after" is typically a difficult journey. A goddamn epic effort sometimes, for us mere humans. Our searches are filled with heart breaks, starting over, disappointments, disillusionment, even extreme loneliness in the midst of friends and family. We lose bits of ourselves along the way and discover pieces we never knew we had. We get torn apart and rebuilt. Again, and again, and again. Its how we become who we .. .become. Even when we find "the one " things aren't always pure magic, or happily ever after stuff. Sometimes, we think we just aren't ready. Sometimes, one is done waiting. Patience runs out, when its needed most. " Forever " relationships take time, hard work, need building, need strong foundations - they require a lot of heart and commitment. And, at the end of it all, it's a damn wonder if what's left of us is even Fit For Love. CHAPTER 1 - Physically Fit "C'mon Bella, don't be a fuckin tease." Tension filled the air as he sat up in bed, jerking the hotel bedding across his waist. Of course, she didn't want to know about the spectacular display of affection he was sporting for her this morning. She never did. " I treat you like a goddamn princess, Bella. Why won't you be with me?" He hissed across the dark room. Paul Lahote wasn't used to begging for it - not by any means. Still drunk from the night before, he grabbed the warm beer bedside and chugged, hoping for a fucking epiphany to hit him as to how he could sway his beautiful, untouchable, friend to stay with him, to fuckin be with him. Yeah, the one scrambling around in the darkness of his hotel room gathering her things. He knew no amount of pleading was gonna work with her. But, he definitely had to give her props for self-discipline and commitment to her quest for "Mr. Right" instead of "Mr. Right Now". He slammed the warm beer bottle down, scowling at its empty betrayal, then turning his attention back to her. She turned the heads and held hearts prisoner of every man who got to know her. Even in these unkept hours of early morning, she radiated so much natural beauty and softness. Everything about her was soft, smooth, feminine. Her smile, that body, her gorgeous flowing hair. She was 5'7 with a mane of golden, auburn hair hanging to her waist in silky waves. Her coloring made her appearance glow - radiating all the warmth of the beautiful soul she was. She was everything any real man wanted and a lot more. More than he deserved, for sure. But, at least he'd made the journey and knew what he wanted. He knew what a gold mine she was, unlike the bozo's, 10 years younger who just couldn't commit. The ones that kept breaking her heart. Dumb-asses couldn't see how lucky they were, how they shoulda snatched her up when given the chance. Another goddamn waste of a beautiful woman, he thought for the millionth time - thanks to the 2 clueless, cocksuckers before him. "Fuck, Bella. 40-year-old women belong with 20-year-old guys, and 20-year-old girls belong with us 40-year-old guys...why can't you believe me on this shit!" "Paul." she grunted hefting her over sized duffel on the foot of the bed. "How many times..." she trailed off as she stuffed her pack with belongings. " How many times do we have to have this argument? Why do you always ruin everything with this, harassment?" Glaring at each other for a moment, she sent up a silent plea he wouldn't respond explosively. Long, loud sighs of exasperation broke their silent standoff. "C'mere B." He urged, changing his tone drastically, patting the space next to him on the bed. "I'll be good, promise." He even smiled holding his hands up in surrender. "Don't want you leaving again, all pissed off at me." Pulling the zipper across her bag in finality, she walked over to his side of the bed, slowly, lowering herself, stiffly, on to the edge of the bed next to him. "Look, I get it. I get you, I do." He reassured,taking her hand gently in his grasp. "It's just, you drive me and every other guy around you, fuckin crazy! You don't even know how much." He snorted shaking off the agitation before he leaned in and kissed her forehead. Moving his hands to hold her face, their foreheads touching, he gently imparted; "When you give up on finding Prince Charming, come to me Bella, please . I have Prince Charming's bank account , and I will use every penny of it, making you happy." Paul winked, as he released her knowing that didn't mean a damn thing to her. "We gotta start looking for your woman." she teased as she stood, signaling her time to leave. Sure he was good to her, like a big brother, a rich, big brother. They built their friendship from business dealings, and Paul immediately started blurring the lines. Paul's business was his life, so he didn't get all the boundaries she set up. He was used to girls throwing themselves at him, using him...getting his way with them. "Look, I don't beg for it, I don't pay for it, and I don't wait forever - you know me Bella, so plan accordingly, sweetcheeks." He groaned swinging his legs off the bed, using all his energy to stand. Maybe a view of what he had going for her might help... "What? You're saying... I'll be cut off? No more friendship, no more jobs...?" She hated when he used coercion on her. She was the one female in his life that didn't use him, and he was always... "Jez, Paul, cover that shit up!" She threw a wet towel at him, and dragged her duffel bag off the bed with a thud. "Just, would hate to have to leave you out in the cold..that's all." He snorted indignantly. "Whatever, Paul, be that way." She headed to the door dragging her stuff behind her. Paul grabbed the towel pulling it in place over the stiffy he was rockin, then waited. 3, 2, 1...She turned at the door, right on que. " I've never been anything but upfront and honest with you Paul. You call me, give me opportunities and I ALWAYS make sure what you expect up front! You always knew I was about the business and job at hand, while still being the friend you need! You know I was never one of the groupies. I always earn my keep on the road. You know where we stand if you want to hang with me. No pressure, no stupid stuff." Annnnd, she wasn't talking just about the sex ,either, she felt like shouting back at him, as she headed for the door. At 40, Paul partied like a 20-year-old and needed adult supervision at all times, and even, occasional resuscitation! A successful music producer in Seattle, the sex, drugs and music were his for the taking and exploiting. And his appetite for such things was insatiable. Definitely not B's lifestyle, she just loved the music...not to mention the freebies and wonderful opportunities Paul gave her working on tours. It was thrilling to get paid for supporting and promoting her favorite musicians. It was also a needed distraction in her new disciplines in life. He knew everything she'd been through and the direction she chose to take. She'd been perfectly clear and up front - with everyone. No more casual relationships. Her heart couldn't take it anymore. She was protecting her heart, mind and body for her soul mate. Paul was supposed to be her friend. Protect her on the road, so she could feel safe doing what she loved, and what he needed her to do for his business. The disappointment in him crushed her. Good thing she was accustomed to that feeling, she thought pulling the door wide. With a glance over her shoulder, and a hope of some redeeming words from him... "Yawn" was his only reply to her, the trademark insult he used all the time to signal he was done with something. Totally over it. Dismissed. It was the only time he ever used it on her. ~o0o~ The phone was ringing off the hook. She could hear it all the way in the parking lot as she ran towards the office entrance. "Damnit!" Jacob was gonna kill her for being late, again. Wrestling the key in the front door she cursed, loudly "Damn, it's so rusty!" With another curse and a kick, the door flew open. A trip over the black rubber mats, diving across her desk, she grabbed the phone. " Morning, Alpha Auto and Body Shop - Leah speaking how may I help you?" she burst breathlessly into the receiver. "126 rings, Leah! What the fuuuuk... The night service goes off at 7 - that's the time you need to be IN there! " A deep voice growled on the other end of the connection. "Morning to you too, boss." she groaned slumping sideways into her leather chair, flinging her giant purse on the desk. After his 30th Birthday party last night, he couldn't possibly have enough energy for his typical ass chewing she thought with relief. "Ya know...I was with you guys allll last night." she reminded curtly. " Hung right there with "you big dogs" even drove you "big dogs" home. So,why am I the only one here at 7...uh 7:13?" She complained ranking a sleepy hand thru her bed head hair-do. "Because its Wednesday, Lee - hump day, our late open day. The reason we could even go out last night..." Jake's deep voice trailed off. Silence crackled on the line. His loud, barking laughter burst out over the phone as Leah buried her face in her free hand, groaning. " You mean...its Wednesday..." She couldn't believe her stupidity. "Yep! Looks like it..all day." He laughed harder. "Then, why the hell were you calling so early if no one is supposed to be here?" She barked back. "I forgot, too." He continued laughing at Leah. "I'm putting the phone to voice-mail and taking a nap. In your office ." she ground the warning thru gritted teeth. "Sure, sure, whatever." He continued chuckling. "Seriously, LeeLee...I have to go into Seattle today. Picking up parts for the Audi and interviewing for that fitness coördinator job at that music production company." "Oh yeah... the VIP job." She sat up taking stock of the organized chaos on her desk, shuffling thru papers. He needed... "I need the address again, can you get that and text it to me?" "Yeah, no problem." she sighed locating the paperwork, visualizing the leather couch she was heading for. "Oh! and Jake?" "Yeah?" "Good