HI, JBOSS1014 reporting here. I am here with the first official chapter of the story. But first, I would like to thank Wilhelm Wigworthy for the first review. I will always be grateful for GOOD reviews. And, I will be happy knowing that the first review was a good one. And, before I forget, this story takes place after Blood of Olympus (The book after House of Hades, that's coming soon) Now, enough with the intro, let us jump right into the story. Chapter 1: I was born in East Orange, New Jersey. My mother raised me in an apartment near my school so I could always walk home. I was held back a year; and I was teased a lot because of my name and I kept getting into fights with the bullies. I was expelled from that school and spent the rest of the school year at home, playing nothing but a game of anticipation. I waited out the summer, waiting for my mother to put me in a different school. Finally, my mother had decided to put me in a school called East Orange Elementary. Of course, I got Ds and Cs because of my dyslexia, and my math teacher would humiliate me by putting books on my head every class and making me get her a cup of coffee. And, every time my back wasn't straight, and I wasn't looking forward she would shout: "Payton! You must be sick!" I ended up getting expelled because of drenching the math teacher with coffee. She blamed it on my ADHD. The teacher's last words before I stepped out of the gate were: "I hope you rot in the pits of Tartarus for all eternity." As far as I knew, I thought it was a bluff. I walked away from the school, actually enjoying walking of the property. I was now thinking of how I would break it down to my mother. I walked past an alley with a cat. I was fascinated by cats, I would marvel at their speed, composure and just everything about them. I learned from them. I tried copying them and doing a little parkour, I was getting better at it. I looked up at the sun and it was about 2:30 only two hours since I'd been kicked out of school. I looked down at my clothes, realizing they were full of sweat I decided to go home. Once I reached home, I broke the news to my mother and she was obviously not surprised. My mother said there is someone waiting for me in my room. Who could it be? I thought. I walked in and almost jumped to the ceiling when I saw a half man, half goat. "A-a satyr," I said. His top half was a buff man, muscular arms and he had horns sticking through his hair; and his chest was covered by an orange shirt that said 'Camp Half-Blood' on it. His lower half was the hind-quarters of a goat and some hooves that could kick you to Hades knows where. "Hello, Payton," the satyr said, "I am Grover." He grabbed my arm with a vice like grip and dragged me downstairs to a car that was waiting for us. I didn't complain until my mother didn't get in with us. "Mom?" "MOM?!" I said. "Payton, do you remember that camp I told you about?" asked his mother. "Yeah." "Grover and I talked and I agreed to send you . . . . it's- it's for your own good." I could see the pain in her eyes "Will I ever be able to see you again?" "I don't know." His mother said "PAYTON, we need to go NOW!" shouted Grover. I tried to keep cool as Grover dragged me away from my mother and into the car. I waved my hand to my mother while I shed a tear. My mother is the only person in the world that I would die for. My heart almost broke when I saw my mother crying while she was walking back to the apartment. I turned back to stare through the windshield, On my way to New York, huh? I thought. I watched in the rear view mirror as my home disappeared over the horizon; in the corner of my eye I saw a man with a club trying to hit the car. I thought it was nothing. I focused back to through the windshield. I was just realizing that my driver had eyes all over his body. "Explain, NOW!" I shouted. Grover flinched a bit but he explained everything. He explained why I had to go to camp, he explained everything that I wanted to know. I sat back in my seat and sighed. We passed through the border to New York, and it wasn't long until we reached a road that lead to hill with a pine tree on it. We stopped at the hill. I got out of the car and walked beside Argus with Grover behind us. Argus passed through the borders and I was abruptly stopped when I was sent into the air. "How could it be so fast!" was what I heard Grover say before I landed back first onto the ground with a loud thud. I groaned as I lay on the floor. I lifted my head to see my right abdomen bleeding dangerous amounts of blood. I tried to get up and winced before I fell back down. "Payton, GET UP!" Grover cried, "Argus, get help!" Argus obeyed. I was lifted off the ground only to see one huge eye. I was thrown in the air like a rag doll before I got back my senses again. I saw the ugly beast about to swing when I landed smoothly on his head. I jumped off before I got squished, I was amused to see that he had hit himself on the head with his club. "YOU DARE MAKE ME HIT MY SELF!" The beast bellowed. I landed on the ground and winced again as I remembered my damaged abdomen. I fell. I saw the beast fully now, as he was walking up to me. He was about seven feet tall with only a loincloth as clothes, his skin was rough and hard like armor; his face was bumpy with one huge eye in the center of his forehead. A new feature was the newly added bruise on the top of his head, a gift from me of course. Grover played a song on his flute and vines grew out of the ground and wrapped around the monster. I swiped his club and bashed away until he turned to dust. Then, I was hit in the air once again. And, the pain got worse as I landed back first on a tree trunk, then fell off the tree and landed face first on the ground. I heard a shout and a sound like an axe hitting wood, then, I blacked out from the pain. I woke up to see a small room filled with beds, but mine was the only one that was occupied. I turned around to see a boy with black hair and green eyes looking out a window. He turned around. "Oh, you're awake." He said. I tried to reply but my mouth felt like it was full of cotton. "It's alight man, you don't have to say anything," he said chuckling. "I'm Percy by the way." I finally was able to speak "I'm Payton." My voice sounded hoarse, even to myself. "That's a strange name for a boy, but I won't judge." "Thanks, I don't need to be judged anymore than I already am." "No, prob. Nectar?" "Oh, thanks." He gave me a simple glassful of a syrup colored drink. I studied it warily. "Don't worry, just don't drink too much or you'll burst into flames." I raised and eyebrow at the drink while Percy chuckled. I shrugged and sipped it. My eyes widened as I tasted multiple things at once. I tasted my mother's banana fritters, my grandma's buttered biscuits, and lastly my mother's blueberry muffins. I felt sad when I finished the glass, reason one, because it reminded me of home and reason two, because I made me crave my mom and grandma's cooking. "It's alright man, here, have a square of ambrosia." I took it and chewed it slowly savoring the wonderful taste. I felt revitalized as I ate it and the pain in my side subsided, no, it was completely gone. I experimentally got up and I felt a bit light-headed but I could walk. "That's good." Percy said. "Now time to meet the camp director and the activities coordinator." "Thanks for that, Percy." I said as we walked down a long hall, finally reaching a door. "You're welcome." He said smiling. I was happy to be outside again, it felt great. Percy gently guided me to a small rounded table with two men playing chess. One was a bearded man with a white shirt and a blue jacket, his lower half disabled in a wheel chair and covered by a blanket. The other man was pudgy he wore a flower design Hawaiian shirt with khaki shorts and leather sandals. He also smelled like grapes. I couldn't believe I could smell him from 15 feet away but I knew it was coming from him. Percy and I sat down at the table, "When did Mr. D start playing chess?" Percy asked. The pudgy man opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by Percy "Anyway, this is the camp director Mr. D a.k.a. Dionysus." "And, yes he is indeed the real Dionysus." He said gesturing to the pudgy man; he paused so I could allow it to settle in that the man in front of me was the real Dionysus. He must've seen my wide eyes. He continued, "And, this is Chiron, the real Chiron, trainer of Hercules and all those other demigods, et cetera." The conversation was interrupted by Dionysus "And, I'm the God of Wine and Parties. Next time put that in Jackson. And, DON'T interrupt me," he said. Percy continued, "Of course Mr. D." "And who are you, young man?" Chiron asked smiling. "I am Payton, killer of Cyclopes." I said. Percy and Chiron chuckled at this. "So, a joker, huh?" Mr. D said "I did kill a Cyclops yesterday, right?" "Yesterday? Payton, you've been out for two weeks." Percy said, worry obvious in his voice. TWO WEEKS! I thought, a look of dread on my face. "Yes, Payton. Two weeks. You had a broken nose, three broken ribs and six of your vertebrae were damaged. That means your central nervous system was damaged as well. If it weren't for the ambrosia and nectar Annabeth and Percy had been feeding you, your ribs and nose would still be broken and your nervous system would still be damaged. Luckily, it was just damaged, if it was ripped . . . . let's just say ambrosia and nectar can't fix that." When he finished I realized that I was lucky, very, very lucky. "If you want a souvenir from battle, here." Percy said, handing me a large and blunt wooden stick with dried blood on it, it was my blood. I gingerly took it. "Do you believe in Greek mythology, boy?" Mr. D asked "Yes, I believe." I said "Good." He said summoning a Coca-Cola can out of thin air. I flinched in surprise. They all chuckled. "I have a question . . . ." "Yes, boy, what is it?" Chiron asked "Why can't Chiron direct the camp by himself?" Percy and Chiron looked at Dionysus while he gave an exasperated sigh. "Well, Mason." I glared at him, "I got a little lovey-dovey with a beautiful lady and my dad Zeus, grounded me, this is my punishment." "Ok, Rhinoceros, see you later." I said Dionysus' eyes glowed with purple rage, and suddenly I had fifty