"The child of Irmö may know great joy in this life." Every time he woke up after a dream, that was the first thought that entered his conscious mind, swift as an arrow. Morwën had said that to him, upon finding out he sometimes isensed/i things other people did not. He could almost hear his mother's nervous laugh after such a pronouncement, but he could still see his father's wide, undisguised stare, trained on himself. That morning, he had awoken to a memory that he had been unable to vanquish through the course of the day. As unsettling as it was for him to wake up to a thought of his father, Éomer was bothered further by that irksome sensation that comes with the uncertainty of whether he had dreamed or lived this particular memory. In his dream, if dream it was, his father had taken him on his inspection of the herds to the easternmost part of Eastfold, far enough that he could see the mountains ahead to the East of Riddermark. He must have been 7 years old, give or take a year, because that was around the time his father hired Alsfred to do the inspections for him. In the dream, he saw himself shooting arrows with Éomund when, suddenly, his father scooped him up and carried him to some sort of whole in the ground- a hideout. "This had been bothering me all day," he remembered Éomund saying, "and Shadow too, but I did not listen." Éomer then saw a fight, the remains of a fight. That was the day Shadow had been killed. Or maybe he had had to be put down? That he woke up this morning nestled in a burrow in the ground did not help matters. Today, they had traveled far into the heart of Eastfold, and beyond, as part of their duty to assist the herdsmen who pastured horses all through the plain. Locating the herdsmen was difficult enough, as they moved according to weather and environmental conditions, and they did not really have a clear idea how many herds there actually were, though the elders would not admit it if it killed them. But, as Éomer had found during his time in the company, helping them once found was the harder part of the job. Many of them had lacked basic necessities, and procuring them was a long, drawn-out negotiation process. They-the company he had been assigned to- had spent the better part of a year just making a count of the herds, but Yule was fast approaching and everyone was anxious to be home. The Captain of their éored, if it could be called that, had split the men in three groups so as to conduct the inspections faster, hoping to have everybody safely back for the holiday. Éomer's group consisted of twenty-five people in all, fifteen full-fledged riders, four trainees, three scouts, and three herdsmen they had found along the way who were recovering from injuries and had been left behind by their clans- hardly an adequate number to meet the needs they faced out in the wild, as late in the year as it was. That hole in the ground he had picked for a makeshift bed was his attempt at drawing warmth from the earth, but he would pay for the ill choice, as the feeling of being buried in that hideout would not be shaken off afterwards. By the time his small company stopped for lunch, the sense of foreboding had grown to such extent that it took his appetite away. It was then that the men started to notice. "I have never seen you say no to a meal," Éothain said, "and I have known you for longer than anyone else here." "Hardly true, Éothain," Léof chided, seeking Éomer's gaze and holding it for a mere flicker of a moment before shifting his attention to Éothain. "I am almost half a year older than you are, almost a full year older than Éomer, and there are men here who knew him before he could even walk who would remember better than either of us could." The hint of a smile was there, for all of Léof's gravity, but even that was gone by the time his eyes had settled on Éomer again. "What bothers you, brother?" he asked, unable to let that note of anxiety-fear-seep into his tone, for all Éomer knew how hard he fought to conceal any sign of distress. It bothered him, in a way that it had never bothered him before, but he did not know it until Léof had to repeat the question and he realized that he had no answer to give. By then, he had pulled out the corded silver necklace he kept close to his chest and was fingering the shell he held there- some sort of elvish, Gondorian talisman that he had inherited from his grandfather, Thengel- and that other, cooler metal disc held fast beside it. He had never seen the sea, but his mother had. Her own mother had been born to the south in Belfalas, though she did not grow up there, but the sea made enough of an impression that she went through the trouble of taking all her children thence once a year. From their stories, Éomer knew all there was to know about the sea without having ever seen it. He knew that if he put a shell to his ear he could hear the echo of the waves swaying back and forth, could imagine the gulls calling to him. Pressing the shell tightly within his palm he looked up, slowly, felt himself bite the inside of his cheek though he had tried to break that ridiculous habit since joining the éored. "Something's afoot," he finally heard himself say, though what, or how he knew it, he could not tell. Éothain and Léof looked at each other, then back at him for a moment before Éothain broke into a torrent of questions which Éomer did not really hear. He focused on Léof, who eyed him gravely, silent. "You know this..." Léof finally asked when Éothain stopped to breathe, "like you know the sun will rise tomorrow?" That was the question Léof always asked, his way of helping him sort misgiving from premonition, but this time Éomer could not properly separate the two. "Can you not feel it in the air?" he asked in turn. "How it almost thrums with anticipation? This morning I had hoped to be able to dismiss it because the horses were not feeling anything. I thought it was this dream I had, making me uneasy. But the horses are starting to feel it, too." "But there is a storm brewing, and you know how the horses get during storms," said Éothain, "Could it be that?" The expectation in his voice was almost heartbreaking, but he had learned early on never to lie, especially not to his cousin. He shook his head. "It's not the storm." Putting the shell to his ear, he listened for the rhythmic lull of the waves. Now grown-up, he recognized it was not really the sea he listened to, but it calmed him all the same. Only, this time it was not there. That sent a chill to his heart. Not once had he put the sea shell to his ear and failed to hear its noise. He shook the shell, tried again. Nothing. "Could it be a tornado?" Éothain asked, almost hopeful. "Horses hate those." "So do we," said Léof, now looking at him with positive worry in his expression, as he continued to shake the shell and put it to his ear. "It's not a tornado," he said, letting go of the necklace with such force that he almost yanked it off his neck. Repentant, he grabbed it again, caressed the smooth sea shell's surface before replacing it inside his shirt, next to his heart, where it always hung. "It's almost as if the air crackles with some sort of energy." "A lightning storm?" Was it? He dipped his head, shrugged. That was, exactly, why he had been sent to this particular company: because he was a freak, and dumb enough to let people know about it. Still... "Something is going to happen and I cannot shake the feeling away. We need to do something, though what, or even how much time we have to do it-" They were interrupted by the horn that announced the end of their rest. Those in the company were so used to being together that, out of habit, men began to pack up and ready themselves without any other command. Éomer looked around himself as he went about dousing the fires, and obliterating any trace of them. He did not have seniority but the duty was his by rank, though Herubrand was in charge of the company in place of the Captain, and that appointment had almost started a division between the ranks- yet one more symptom to add to the long list of complaints of their ailing country. The thought alone made him wince. He loved the Riddermark with everything he had, and he loved these me who had bled with him for some ten years. For them, he would do anything- even swallow his pride and expose himself to ridicule. "Blast it all," he muttered to himself, ashamed of having had a moment's hesitation as to what his course of action should be. There was but one thing to do, and he would do it if it meant the end of his hopes for a future in the King's own éored. He found Herubrand in conference with the scouts. As he approached, Wídfara must have seen him out of the corner of his eye, because he turned to look at him full in the face, holding his gaze with such intensity that Éomer felt tired when the contact was broken. No words were said, but Éomer knew. iHe feels it too!/i Éomer thought, encouraged. iIf someone else feels it, it may not be so difficult to convince them I am not crazy./i They had all stopped talking as soon as they realized he was near, but Baldwald gestured wildly for him to come closer. "The horses are spooked," he said, placing his heavy hand on Éomer's shoulder- a feat, by all accounts, for Éomer had almost three heads on him. "Wulfgar doesn't see reason to trouble over it, but Wídfara does." " 'Tis the storm, brewing eastward," said Wulfgar, pointing toward a darkening of the sky ahead of them. "It's still too far to have made the horses spook," said Baldwald in thick, hurried tones. He was a son of the Wold and he spoke like one, for all that he had traveled all over Riddermark and even beyond. "What say you, lad?" he asked Éomer, squeezing hard where his hand rested. "Have you an opinion as to why?" "Any opinion he may have would be based on folklore," said Wulfgar. "But I am looking at the storm ahead with my own eyes. There's cause enough for the horses to get spooked, without you fabricating one." "We have all seen him talk to the Meara!" cried Baldwald. "Can he ask the Meara now, then, and have this dispute settled once and for all?" "You know that is not how it works!" cried Baldwald. "The Horse Lords are not diviners to consult at will!" "Then what good is the lad's talent if it cannot be called on when we actually could use the help?" By then, the argument had drawn a small crowd, and whoever was not nearby had stopped whatever they were doing to stare at them. Meanwhile, Baldwald was squeezing fast right on the spot where that Orc knife had almost severed his tendon five years prior, and Éomer was feeling the pain of it, though it hurt even more to have to acknowledge that he had come that close