Lordof the Rings The "Guys Who Follow Frodo" Fellowship Before you read this I swear I tried to keep it consistent with the original storyline of the movie. I swears by the precious I does! Anyway…. Mines more accurate to the real one even if J.R.R. Tolkien thought his modification was more interesting. Mines better! Oh and… MWHAHAHAHAH! You all know how it starts: the Jedi are fighting the dark lord Sauron and all seems lost until Barbie's son, Isildur chopped the hand of Sauron off. Sauron saw this as the perfect opportunity to turn into a giant eye and look at people menacingly. Well Barbie mourned for thousands of days over the loss of her dear beloved hairbrush that an orc used as a…. uh…. Bum itch scratcher. But she didn't care about Elendil (father of Isildur for you people who think books are a waste of time) dying and proposed to Isildur. But he thought that if he married his mother he would be considered a bit modern and refused and married the ring. Barbie killed him and took the ring but melted in the sun and the ring fell into the river. Deagle (yes, Deagle, as stupid as that may sound) picked up the ring cause he had nothing else better to do. But his best friend, Smeagol killed him cause he had nothing better to do and buried the body. Five days later he came back and unburied Deagol to get back the two cents Deagol owed him but found the ring. Thinking that it was worth two cents he took it and left the money. But forgot to rebury the body and later left the village due to the stink. Then he slowly turned skinny but remained as ugly as ever. Even Alf thought he needed to go on 'extreme makeovers' to stop him from looking so CG. Now to the present where an ugly little hobbit is sitting under an apple tree. An apple fell on Frodo's head. He jumped up. "I have discovered…" he took a deep breath. "GRAVITY!" Gandalf hit him on the head with his staff. "How dare you discover a scientific fact! It takes away the job of wizards! Now ride in my carriage so people don't suspect me." "Suspect you for what?" "Carrying radioactive material." He said pointing to his fireworks. "That's glowing!" "Only slightly!" So Frodo rode with Gandalf through the shire desperately trying to ignore the giant squirrels walking by and eating little children. Soon giant squirrels with laser eyes and glowing shoes ruled the shire. "Gandalf you have to stop testing nuclear devises on the shire! The children look like monkeys and Sam doesn't need scissors to cut grass anymore!" "Not my fault your children are ugly and you named your cow Sam and taught it to use scissors!" "I was talking about Sam Gamgee!" Frodo said pointing to his garden where Sam and Sam where fighting over which side of the grass they should have to eat. Alf popped up from nowhere. "Yeah, and my nose has less hair!" "Leave me alone!" Gandalf yelled. "Now who can't handle the pressure of an alien stalking you every night and day!" "Look I'm sorry I paid ET to kill you but you came back from the dead so everything's okay?" "Okay! Lets be friends!" "Never fool!" Gandalf said as he zapped him with his staff. "Won't be seeing him again." Frodo thought. Blah Blah Blah Bilbo meets Gandalf Blah Blah Blah fight to the death. Blah Blah Blah Blah Bilbo wins Blah Blah Blah. At Bilbo's birthday party the squirrel guards were watching over the crowd as they broke rocks while singing 'happy birthday'. Then Bilbo got up. "Welcome hobbits to my 111th birthday, I see you're participating in tonights activities set by the lovely squirrel lords. Well I'd like to say ha ha you suck and I'll be free! Goodbye!" he said as he put on the ring. "Whoops… forgot to switch it on!" he mumbled as he set it to "invisible." Suddenly the squirrels grew real tall and the hobbits ran away while yelling in Japanese "Anata no jidósha no namae wa nan desuka?" which means, "What is the name of your car?" Seriously it does. Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Bilbo eats food Blah Blah Blah Gandalf rises from dead and takes the ring, kills Bilbo and sits in the corner saying precious continuously for days until he falls asleep. Frodo takes the ring and sets off to Mount kaboom, the volcano with the most uninspired and most unimaginative name in all of Middle Alf (Alf owns Middle Alf, It used to be Middle Dirt but his name for it is better! Everything Alf says is better… Alf knows all… We love Alf… Except Gandalf but he's dead now and can't hurt the precious Alf anymore….) Well Gandalf wasn't dead just dire need of beauty sleep, very dire need of beauty sleep. But miracles don't happen for wizards so he'll remain ugly for all eternity. The previous paragraph was tampering with the little plot in this story so I'll just fill in a bit that happened just before and makes no sense cause it doesn't fit in the timeline thingy. Gandalf rode to Sauroman's tower, well… dirt mound. You see Peter Jackson is a cheap dirty little (word I'm not allowed to say) who only had a small budget when it came to making this 10-hour trilogy. He spent his $200 on a hairbrush. It broke instantly. There will be a day when the structural integrity of hairbrush becomes suitable for hippies and slobs like Peter Jackson, but it is not this day! While we're on the topic of things that need to change, they should put the "backspace" button one space lower so you don't continuously hit \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\. Anyway Gandalf rode up to Sauroman's dirt mound on his wooden stick with a fake horse head at the end of it and started speaking as if this movie was dubbed in English. "How dare u turn to the dark-side oh honourable master Sauroman?" "Patience young grasshopper, the lawnmower of justice shall arrive on swift BBQ wheels for those who do not believe in the ways of: CROucHing DruNk, HiddEn SnIpeR!" replied Sauroman. And so started: THE BATTLE OF THE MOUSTACHES! Commentator: "oh this is going to be great! 2 wonderfully stupid looking idiots have gathered here today to fight out to the haircut by making stupid faces! This is going to be the greatest battle of the moustaches I've ever seen! Gandalf starts with an "I'm really constipated" look followed by a "look at my puffy cheeks, I look like a fat idiot who ate too much cheese" face. This is going to be hard to beat! But what? Sauroman is using "uncle tobys rollout sours"! Is that legal? And he just ate the whole thing! This isn't a face of "I'm so stupid as to eat all the unripe lemons" it's a "what is this I just put in my mouth?" face and I think Gandalf is down for the count! No wait! He's getting up! Oh wow! He's doing the hardest face yet! "I've gone insane do to too much listening to 60's and 70's music!" we he pull it off or die un-dramatically and embarrassed like so many demented looking freaks? Oh no! He fails! He'll never live this down! He's lost a battle that's so strangely got a name that has nothing to do with it! I'd like to end tonight with a few special words that I hope will remain in your hearts forever: black peppercorn spoiled hate number yellow! Goodnnnnnnigghhhhhhhhttttt St. Louise! Now that we've ended that saga about the BATTLE OF THE MOUSTACHES! We can move on to Sam, Sam and Frodo, the master of Sam. They travelled to Bree. Hoping to find "The drunkinsh shign makarrrrrr+";;./………+." Or "The Inn that's in" neither were really registered with the local counsel so it wasn't the best place to be if the local police or concerned citizen decided to get off their worthless butts and do something besides rock back and forth on rocking chairs cursing at the walls and\or talking back to them. Just then the writer discovers that he has 10 hours of film to change into insanely stupid and plot-less drivel that makes useless losers laugh and not care about their wasted lives they could of spent doing something instead of sitting in-front of a screen reading stories that could cause some seriously large lawsuits if the stupid lawers stopped looking at porn sites and started looking at some thing funny for once. Frodo scolded Sam for complaining about how unfair it is that Sam the cow should be carrying him instead of vice versa. Then they entered "The drunkinsh shign makarrrrrr+";;./………+." And saw merry and pippin dancing on stools while smoking pot. Merry fell and took a near fatal fall of 2 feet, luckily his incredibly bushy hair and the unusually high density of the air caused by all the smoke saved his life. Hobbits are so short cause of the immense pressure caused by all the smoke left after they get high, that and their really annoying welshian accent got them continuously beaten downwards by big idiots called "Americans" so not a single hobbit was free from incredibly compacted vertebrae and the eternal sense of brotherhood and being one with nature. But if ever a local forest is in need of short fat men with dreadlocks just call the number at the bottom of your screen and the hippie patrol will come to the immediate vicinity and ask for pot where any real-estate agent can be found! Any way, back to Merry's broken and bruised and bloody and short, little, tiny, drug injected body with a un-emotional and amazingly well acted Pippin pretending to be sad and crying. But all was not lost cause I said his hair and the immensely dense atmosphere saved him so he has to be ok. So the writer, desperately trying to find a way to bring him back looks to his left and sees a can of coke sitting there. A nice wet cold and refreshing can of coke… oh right and starts to type. Merry jumped up and started to do the chicken dance. While everyone looked away cause the very site of someone doing a dance so horrible as that made their eyes BURN! HA HA HA! I'LL BURN YOU…. I … mean, in the stir of the moment he quickly grabbed some ones can of coke and drank it. "I'll never die as long as there's a smooth can of calcium leaching, tongue burning, stomach convulsing can of coke around to cause extreme brain haemorrhages!" he said. He then winked at an "imaginary" camera that is not monitoring your every move and knows your every secret! "Hey! Who took my coke?" said the drunken bum who Merry had "borrowed" that coke from. "Lets party!" said some random person. Simon and Garfunkle came out from no-where and started to beat-box. Simultaneously a disco ball and laser lights came out of the roof and it was like it was the 70's and mullets were still popular. Wow. Who ever said hobbits can't break dance, was right. Frodo was so scared by the flashing colours and freaky haircuts that he went insane and started to break dance and broke several bones and was trampled on by hippies who were so high they thought they were flying. 27 people died that day from falling off cliffs. All the victims tested positive on drugs and their rotting corpses were sentenced for death or until they make too much of a smell and start killing off the other prisoners. Frodo, Sam, Sam, Merry, Pippin and their newly made friend: Elmo were running away from Bree to escape police inquiries into last