Lordof the Rings Part two The Two Towers\ I'd like to thank God and- what! What are you doing!? NO! Don't throw me t h e r e… "Previously, on Lord of the rings:" Frodo reached up to let the ring slip on his finger. Then he realised that that was amazingly impossible, even from a small height. The ring hit his finger and bounced off into his head… "Gandalf!" "Elmo kill you!" "I swear I don't remember!" "And now: the sequel" A camera crew zoomed through the mountains of… somewhere, stopping for a brief period of time to watch Tom Williams saying: "Welcome, this is an amazing game-" Frodo and Sam were sleeping on some rocks. This was incredibly stupid considering that they had mattresses and there was flat ground a few feet away. "More drugs… mm… drugs…" Frodo muttered in his sleep, "drugs! I mean…. Gandalf!" "Don't worry, he's dead now. He died in a horrible slow and painful way with the "aaaagghhh! I'm burning! Agh! Splat" and there's no way he could ever come back," said Sam. "You always know what to say Sam…" "I know." Frodo went back to sleep. The next day they were climbing down a piece of rope when Sam drops a small wooden box that he had been stroking and purring at. "Catch it!" "What is it?" Frodo caught it just in time. "Drugs… I mean… salt… for when we have a roast chicken or something…" "Chicken?" "Or roast orc. Whatever we find first… oh by the way, do you still need your foot?" "Sam!" "Yeah but if you don't need it I could just add a bit of mari- salt… and it would be the perfect hallucination causing meal… mmm… hallucinations…" "But Sam! You know my foot is made of wood!" "Both of them?" slight pause as Frodo realises what's going on. "Oh you mean only one of them… yeah you can have one… as soon as we get to Mordor…" "Aw! I don't want to wait!" During the night a dark and mysterious figure crept slowly down in a vertical fashion across sharp rocks. Sam, who was too pumped on caffeine to sleep, saw it coming and thought of the best possible thing to say without possible severe injuries being caused to him. Then it came to him. "Honk your horn!" Elmo halted for a second, and then hopped all the way down. "You should come see this! It's cool!" Elmo said. Sam woke Frodo, and they followed Elmo to a small clearing past the rocks. What they saw there was almost as scary as the theatre. Meanwhile, in the theatre: "That was so sad! That was the best play\movie\mysterious-smoke-induced-hallucination I've ever had!" "Yes, I now love "The Wizard of Oz" instead of fearing for my life!" One of the audience members fiddled with the doorknob, while still walking and talking. Unfortunately for him, it was locked, resulting in a minor concussion. "What! It's still locked!" "We're all going to die!" "It's the apocalypse! Everyone! Repent!" There was a lot of screaming, and yelling, and no one remembers what happened after people tried to climb on top of each other… trying to climb to the roof. What Frodo and Sam saw was indeed a strange and amusing sight. It was Gollum and Smeagle trying to kill each other. Smeagle was winning. "Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha! Die! No! You die! I said it first! Nobody likes you! They'll like me when I kill you! I'm gonna get you! I'd like to see you try!" This was followed by a few swift punches and a brief interlude. Brief interlude. Because I have forgotten all 3 and a half hours of LOTR 2, I will now write a parody of "Forrest Gump" A feather from a duck that had just been shot down and brutally murdered in a horrific way that would be best described as an evil demonic ritual, floated down from the sky. It had no relevance to this story. A fat person, who looked like they had been horribly disfigured in a car crash, causing layers of skin to hang off every part of their body -that, or they were just FAT! I mean, like amazingly huge! - Sat down near an odd looking, possibly retarded, but obviously well respected member of society (like all retarded people). The… odd-looking guy (also known as a person) suddenly turned his head. The… person, (who I'd like to call Fatty-boom-boom from now on. yes, I know it's mean.) jumped… or at least jiggled slightly upwards, with fright. "MY MOTHER ALWAYS SAID THAT LIFE IS LIKE A BOX OF CHOCOLATE!" Forrest Gump yelled into poor Fatty-boom-booms' ear as loud as he could. "YOU EAT IT!" he turned back to the road. Fatty-boom-boom was now scared so much, he hoped that one of his many rolls of flab had burst and that liquid (now leaking slowly downwards) was fat instead of… water. Then it occurred to him, that some exercise would do him some good. Even if it may kill him, it was better than being next to this freak! He slowly backed away… then ran… then panted… then walked a few steps… then collapsed… then died because he couldn't breathe, because all his flab was crushing him. Just like a whale. Forrest sat there, smiling, unaware of the tragedy that just happened 2 feet away from him. I now resume my parody of LOTR. Smeagol had almost one in his fight, but had to stop, due to severe injuries. Frodo was caring enough to nearly strangle him and drag him through gravel. "Thank you master! Ow! Thankyou for your kindness!" Frodo showed his gratitude by a sudden and incredibly painful (for Smeagol) tug on the rope. "Shut up! I'm not paying you to grovel!" "Because you're a kind master that doesn't- ow! Burden poor Smeagol with- ow! money!" There were more quick tugs, all resulting in another cut or bruise, or possibly even a minor skull fracture. "Sam! Stop throwing rocks at him! He's in enough pain what with me strangling him every three seconds!" "Sorry for throwing rocks at his head it was just so fun watching him cower!" "Well stop it! It's my job to hurt him!" Meanwhile, the Uruk Hai were carrying merry and pippin towards Isengard while bobbing up and down. The leader of the Uruks bobbed up next to another ugly looking thing that was sniffing the air. "What do you smell?" he asked. "Roar! I'm a dinosaur!" replied the other. "No! What do you smell?" "Dinosaurs!" Slaps over the back of the head were exchanged and the hobbits watched. "Merry! How did we ever get captured by such a bunch of idiots!?" "We were high I think… did they capture us with large butterfly nets made of gold?" "No… pretty sure they just grabbed us and took us away while Aragorn was slashing at air hoping to kill everyone…" "Then yes… I was high… ha! You weren't stoned and you got captured by some idiots!" "Shut up! At least I have a plan to be rescued!" "What? Drop that leaf emblem on the ground and hope someone finds it?" "Uh… yeah…" "I already did that." "Curse you!" Aragorn was listening to random rocks and running around aimlessly while Legolas and Gimli followed. Gimli stopped to breathe. "Captains log: star date… 11th of September… 3 days pursuit and no sign of our quarry but the ravings of a mad man and his pet rock…" Aragorn signalled them to stay still… that or Shut up. "Something evil is afoot" Aragorn still hadn't looked back at the rest of the gang. "Your foot?" asked Legolas knowing it was a stupid question. But after all, Aragorn is very stupid. "No. Someone else's" "No I meant-" "Steroids! It gives these creatures great speed!" "But-' "Or maybe it's just speed…." Legolas turned to Gimli "Why are we following this idiot?" "Lack of responsibility" "Oh yeah…" Saruman looked over his underground factories and beckoned an orc to his side. "We must get more weapons! Work the furnaces night and day!" "But we don't have the fuel to feed the fires!" "The forest of fangorn lies on our doorstep… no wonder no one comes to visit me" "I thought it was because you're an ugly retarded piece of-" "Silence! We must have party!" "That was random." "And we must rent out the collectors edition of "crouching drunk, hidden sniper"!" "But you already own it sir. Why not just take your brain medicine instead?" "And then burn the forest! AH HA HA HA! Burn it to the ground!" "To fuel the fires so we can make lots of shiny armour?" "Now that you mention the word shiny I think your plan is better than just wasting all that wood… oooh! Shiny… go forth and burn the forests! And don't forget to make party invitations! But don't invite that "Bob Dylan" guy… I don't like him…" The orc shook his head as he walked away muttering something about "one day… retard will get it then..." Saruman also decided he wanted all of mankind destroyed so he decided to make them kill themselves and betray their own kind. So he got a bunch of old smelly people, told them to revolt (as in go kill other people not be revolting. They can do that without being told to.) "Too long have these peasants stood against you!" he said dramatically. "Who are you talking to?" "Agh! Who are you!?" he spun around to see a small man with a balaclava on his head standing there holding a TV. "…. Um… good question… I'll just take your TV and run away now" Then a brief interlude started! Brief interlude Dozens of men and orcs lay dead in what could have been a river or some kind of large puddle… the Rohirrim rode up and the kings nephew instantly jumped into action and commanded the troops around. "Save the drugs before they get wet! Oh…. and find survivors… yeah…" "Shouldn't we find the king's son or relative or something?" said one of the soldiers. "You just lost your milk money with that question." "Aw! Now all I have is drug money!" "You have drug money? I mean… you may have your milk money back…" "Yay!" "Now you have to give me your drug money…" "Aw…" Back at the castle hut thing where the old guy lives Grima was talking into the King's ear telling him that his nephew had been a very naughty boy. "Your nephew has been a very naughty boy." The king murmured. Grima turned towards the soldiers that had brought in the orc helmet with the white hand of Saruman on it. "So leave already! Do not trouble an already troubled mind!" Ten minutes later Grima found himself pinned up against a wall. "How long since saruman bought you? When all the men are dead what share of the treasure will you get?" Eowyn walked past and Grima's eyes couldn't help but wander. Eowyn stopped and turned towards the pair. "Sorry. Did I walk past too soon?" "No no. that's perfect. I have a reason to bash this guy up now" Eowyn smiled. "It's been a pleasure helping you" "Oh wait… no!" Grima cowered. "Hi!" Alf appeared from nowhere. "Alf!?" said everyone at the simultaneously. "Yes! Tis I! AH HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HAHA H AH AH AH HA HA HA AH AH AH AH AH AH…………… HA HA HA!" "Hoorah!" said Grima. "Quiet you! I'm not here to help you! I'm here to beat you!" "But… alf promised!" "Alf lied…" Maniacal laughter could be heard in the background as Alf advanced on Grima with a twirling chain. But then the guards took him and the King's Nephew away and banished them. "They run as if they haven't had a fix in 2 days and there's a hippy music festival nearby" Aragorn said while looking