Hello, my darlings. So... here is my new story. Hope you like it. Also, if you have any questions, I'm on tumblr - savvyshka. Disclaimer:Harry Potter characters are the property of J.K. Rowling and Bloomsbury/Scholastic. No profit is being made, and no copyright infringement is intended. Outsiders We've seen some change But we're still outsiders (The Outsiders/Frantz Ferdinand) I These Days Pansy opened her eyes right before the usual morning Howler appeared. The damned thing shrieked, "Wake up!" three times and burst into flames. She swore and sat up, shifting to the edge of her narrow bed. The ratty old blanket slipped from her shoulders, exposing her skin to the chilly air. Pansy shivered. A rotten, cracked window-frame didn't keep the icy October wind from entering the room. For a while she just sat there, rubbing her shoulders in a futile attempt to get rid of goosebumps and staring at the wall across from her. There was a patch where the paint was peeling, and in the dim light from a gaslamp outside it always reminded her of a flying hippogriff. It was the only thing in this Merlin-forgotten hole that could make her smile, though, rarely and only in a certain light. Today it did, and she grinned, not caring how idiotic it looked in her situation. When she heard the chiming of a distant clock, she snapped out of her stupor and drew a slow breath. Five-in-the-morning smell like shite , she thought, wrinkling her nose. She dragged herself from the bed and shuffled towards a slightly dented washbasin in the corner. She splashed her face, shivering from the cold water, and swore again. She hated cold water! Then she rinsed her mouth, and smoothed her short locks, looking at her reflection in a tarnished old mirror. Her morning routine was brief, since such luxuries as soap and toothpaste were just that – luxuries and therefore unattainable. She kept reminding herself that in Azkaban, there hadn't been any morning routine at all. Sometimes the thought cheered her up, and sometimes not so much. She hated a lot about her life these days, and at times it seemed that there was no reason to keep breathing with so much animosity in her heart. But her survival instinct was much stronger than her hatred, and so she went on, day after day after day. Putting on her only robe and worn-out shoes, Pansy went downstairs, got the wooden stove going, and began working on the dough. She'd been living and working in this bakery for three months now. It wasn't the best job, and there was no money, but at least it provided food and a roof over her head and food. It was better then nothing. Those first weeks after Azkaban, when she had been living on the streets, had been much, much worse. So, although she loathed working for a balding, burly, red-faced wizard, she kept quiet and did as she was told. It was hard to bite her tongue almost constantly, but eventually it had paid off: for the last two months, the owner had put her in charge of all morning preparations. It meant more work, but it also meant that she was alone in the morning. That suited her perfectly, since she felt better when no one was around to breathe into her ear or taunt her. Of course, she did sometimes have the urge to poison the dough, but there were two problems with that. First, she didn't have any poison, and second, she didn't want to go back to Azkaban. Moreover, a Dementor's kiss wasn't on her wishlist. The bloodcurdling screams of Lucius Malfoy were the most terrifying memory of her time in jail, though many other dreadful things had happened to her there. They haunted her no matter what she was doing. Not a day went by without her thinking about the way her parents had died, or about the hollow feeling that had settled in her chest when the guards had smashed her wand. She would have gladly forgotten all of it, if only for a little while, but the tattooed "33667" on her wrist wasn't going to let her do that. Ever. The work, however, helped suppress those memories and kept her hands from doing something stupid. Soon, it was warm in the kitchen, and Pansy was slowly kneading the dough. Of all the things she now had to do without a wand, working with the dough was her favourite. Who would have thought that she, a Slytherin princess, would ever find comfort in manual labour? But she did. It was better than cleaning the kitchen at the end of the day. Also, the dough was warm and felt almost alive under her fingers. She basked in its warmth and suppleness. The soothing process helped her forget the gloom that burdened her soul. Closing her eyes, she let her fingers sink into the warm mass. With the low hum of the oven, and the smell of burning wood, she imagined herself being home on holidays. She could almost hear her mum's rambling talk and see soft buns on the dinner table … "Hello, beautiful." A whisper near her ear cut short her reverie. Startled, she tried to turn round, but was immediately pinned to the table by a hard body. "Shh," said a man behind her, putting his arms on both of her sides, making it impossible for her to move. Recognising the voice of the baker's son, Pansy snapped, "Let me go!" She'd seen the git once before, when she had started working in the bakery. She didn't know much about him, only that he was a Quidditch player and looked like an utter sleazebag. "Let me go," she said again, when she felt his nose behind her ear. A low chuckle was his only reply, as he pressed even harder into her. "Shh," he repeated, and then, grinding his budding erection against her backside added, "Such a nice arse. I've been thinking about it since August." Suspecting where all this was going, she tried to push him off, hissing, "I'll scream!" The man just guffawed into her ear. "Relax. No one will hear you. Also, I'm just having a little fun. I'm not going to harm you. Well, not much, anyway." He cupped her crotch with one of his hands. "You know, you have to be proud that a famous Quidditch player wants to shag you. 'Cause, as far as I'm concerned, you're nothing, just a filthy Death Eaters' whore." His fingers began to bunch the material of her robe, and terror began to pulse in her temples. He pushed her legs apart, and she could feel his now fully erect prick prodding between her buttocks. Pinned down, unable to move, and feeling helpless, she gasped, "Don't!" "Ah, stop this. I'm sure you like it rough," the wizard chuckled and pinched her nipple, causing her to yelp. Mistaking the pained sound she made for a moan of pleasure, he smugly added, "That's a good girl. I knew you'd come round, you filthy little cunt." Roughly squeezing her breasts with both hands, he murmured, "Mmm, I like your tits." Trying her best to relax and gain some time, Pansy laid her head on his shoulder. The man behind her hummed with appreciation, assaulting her breasts with even more enthusiasm. Sensing that his hold on her had weakened, she mustered all her strength, grabbed the dough-barrel, and, twisting around, threw it right on the git's head. She didn't expect him to collapse on the floor with a loud thud, but he did. Looking at his body through blurry eyes, she drew a shaky breath. Then, suddenly feeling sick, she doubled over and threw up all over his shoes. "Fucking bastard," she hissed, angrily wiping her mouth with her sleeve. "I hope you're dead," she added and kicked him. Ignoring the tears that burned in her eyes, she shouted, "I hate you!" and kicked him again and again and again, letting out all the fury that accumulated in her heart. It felt so good, so liberating, she didn't want to stop, but when she heard a stifled moan from inside the barrel, she hit him one more time, muttered, "Fucker," grabbed someone's jacket from a hanger, and ran from the bakery. The streets met her with darkness and chill. The only thought that came to her, surprisingly enough, was that it really did smell like shite at five in the morning. Two hours later, Pansy found herself half-frozen, hiding under someone's doorstep. Her head refused to offer any ideas of what to do now, and she felt completely lost. Also, she had managed to convince herself that the Aurors were probably looking for her. Even if they weren't, though, she couldn't imagine that anyone would hire her now. Her threadbare robe and tatty shoes were the least of her problems. The number on her wrist and the fact that she didn't own a wand were much bigger. She really had got lucky with that bakery. "Shite," she muttered, thinking about the horny bastard who had ruined everything. Good thing she wasn't one to give up. She hadn't died in that bloody Azkaban, and she wasn't about to die now. No fucking chance. Willing her teeth to stop chattering, she peeped outside, and saw a litter can with a corner of the Prophet sticking out of it. Pansy cautiously crept out, took out the newspaper, and dashed back under the steps to look over the classified section. Unfortunately, there weren't a lot of want ads, and those that were there had one thing in common. ' Kindly no Squibs and no Animagi' . Pansy was neither, and yet, in the eyes of today's society, she was as bad or, perhaps, far worse. An outcast without a wand. A Death Eaters' whore. She wasn't considered a human any more, just a piece of rubbish, discarded after the war. She was almost ready to throw the Prophet back where it belonged, when her eyes fell on another ad. She hadn't noticed it before, probably because it was printed in the tiniest print possible and placed among the obituaries. Squinting and cursing the microscopic letters, she managed to read, Live-in governess needed. Details will be provided during an initial meeting Please inquire at the address provided below To her astonishment, there was no mention of any special conditions. Feeling hopeful, she carefully folded the Prophet, crawled out of her hiding-place, and began to walk. It was still early, and the streets were empty. The address in the ad wasn't far away. The wind was still bitterly cold, though, and attacked her at every corner. She cursed her old robe for not keeping her warm and wrapped the jacket she'd 'borrowed' from the baker tightly around her body. It was too big for her, and the smell of yeast and sweat wasn't her favourite, but it did the job. Focusing her gaze on her shoes and trying to look as inconspicuous as possible, Pansy made her way to the corner, and found that she was passing by the old hat shop she'd known from her childhood. Something from the long forgotten past nudged her, and she crossed the road without thinking. Standing in front of it, she couldn't help glancing at the dark window. It was a mistake. Instead of pretty hats, she was met with her own reflection. Stifling a gasp of disgust, she stared at herself. She hadn't realised how filthy she was. She looked like a beggar. Everything about her was just revolting: her horridly-cut hair, her robe, her shoes. Especially the shoes. A bitter chuckle rose in her throat. Once upon a time, in her other life, she had collected fine shoes. It seemed unreal now. She sniffled. There was no way anyone would let her near their children looking like that. For a moment, she thought about returning to her hiding-place.