Chapter 1 (Third person POV) Long long ago in a forest that's name has been forgotten over time was a cave in this cave was three crying girls sat next to a bed these three girls are the fates, Clotho, Lachesis, Atropos, All clad in white dresses with snow white hair. Now you mite be wondering why the fates would be crying well that's because of who's laying on the bed. Ananke primordial goddess of destiny laid fading on the bed surrounded by her three beautiful daughters she new she didn't have long left in this world and would soon be sent to the void where her beloved husband chronos primordial god of time was waiting for her. "Shhh shhh don't cry my children it is my time just as the sun sets and the moon rises nothing lasts forever" "Sorry mother we are just going to miss u so much" Atropos said with tears in her eyes. " I know and I am going to miss all of you to but before I go I must warn you that some day there will be child born that's life string you can not control this child will be the key to ether the worlds destruction or its salvation, You must protect this child at all cost for the world is in this child's hands, you will know the child by this mark." Ananke said as she showed her daughters the mark it was a infinity sign two wavy lines that loop one another. "My time is up goodbye my beautiful daughters I'll give your father your love when I see him." Ananke said with a weak smile as she shimmered out of reality. "Goodbye mother" Clotho said as she wiped the tears from her eyes. "Stand up sisters mother wouldn't want us crying over her we will see her one day in the void, Until then we must carry on and do what mother has told us to do we must find this child and protect it at all cost" Lachesis said with determination standing up ready to do her job as one of the fates. "Yes Lachesis is right we must make sure the child is on our side when the time comes for it to choose whether to save us or burn us all to Gaea." clotho said standing beside her sister. (3000 years later.). (1000 years after first Titan war) And with that they searched for the child with the infinity sign but could never find him weeks turn into months months turned into years and years turned into century's that was until they saw something they never thought they would see in there existence. The fates was walking in a forest out side Athens when they heard a god awful sound. "Rooooar" they heard and followed the sound till they came upon a boy with black hair and Ocean green eyes who looked no older then 10 fighting the biggest wolf that they ever did seen but this wolf wasn't just any wolf this wolf was Fenrir the god swallower. Fenrir was at least 15ft tall and almost half as wide with piercing yellow eyes and long canine teeth that was seen even with his mouth closed. His fur was as black as night and underbelly as white as snow. "What is Fenrir doing here I thought he fade with the rest of the Norse gods after Ragnarok?" Clotho said with confusion. "This is bad we must warn the Olympians of Fenrirs return or all mite be lost to his hunger for god flesh" Atropos said with a frightened tone. "Look!" Lachesis said to both her sisters with amazement in her eyes as she look over to where Fenrir was fighting the black hairs boy. [Perseus POV] My name is Perseus son of Jackson and Sabella or as my father calls her sally for short. "Jack, Perseus, come on let's go!" My mother shouted as she walked out of our small house,"Wouldn't want to make her wait birthday boy" my father said as he walked from behind me over to where my mother was. We did this every year on my birthday we would go to Athens to buy me a gift last year I got a bow and arrows but I'm not that good with it my father said all I need is practice but no matter how hard I try I just don't seem to be able to get it in the middle of the target so I stopped trying. "Do you think I can get a sword this year" I asked with excitement, Since I was eight I have wanted a sword but mother always said when I was older and of course father is going to take her sides but still ever year I ask for one hoping that mother will let me have one but now that I'm 11 years old I think she will let me have one. "Dunno your going have to ask your mother" father said as he walked past me over to the wagon and gave mother a kiss, even after years of being married they still loved one another more and more each day as I looked at my father and mother I released how much alike I am to my father both of us have black hair and ocean green eyes, My father always says that I got his looks and mothers brains. 'One day I hope I find someone to love as much as they love each other.' I though as I was I walked toward my parents. "OK are you ready to go, Did u do everything dear."my mother asked staring at me with an amused look. " please let it go that happened one time" I said with frustration as I remembered how on my 7 birthday that I was so excited that I forgot to lock the pigs up and when we got back they was all over the place and I spent all night getting back in the cages. "I'm just making sure I don't want you out all night getting them back in the cages and coming in smelling like a sewer, took me a week to get the smell out of the house" mother commented with a frown on her face remembering all the Cleaning it took to get rid of the smell. "Not my fault someone was to lazy to help me" I said looking at my father. "It was good for you, when I was your age my father would let them out just so I could put them back in, it will make you stronger he would always say, my father my have been a little crazy at times but he was right, Trust me you will thank me when your older." My father said to me as he pulled the rains to start our journey to Athens. The journey to Athens was as always boring mother and father was talking about how the crops was good this year mother was asking father if we should ask for more money over the better quality of the crops,"No, we made a deal we should honer our part of it ," father said to mother and that was the end of it. When we was entering the gates of Athens it always amazed me how big the city was with its stone walls at lest 50 feet from the ground soldiers posted all over the walls looking out for attackers, the gate was guarded by at least 12 soldiers, One of the soldiers stopped our wagon as we was passing them,"Stop! What's your business here?" the guard asked in a bored tone as if he couldn't care less about why we are here,"just here to sell the years harvest" father told him as he patted the bags of crops in the back of the wagon,"Very well move along" the guard said after inspecting the crops to see if father was telling the truth or not. After father sold the crops we went to get something to eat in one of the local taverns. "So Perseus what should would you like for your birthday?" mother asked me with a smile as we waited for father to order us some food, "Well I was hoping to maybe get a sword " I asked in barely a whisper. "Sorry dear I didn't hear you what is it you want this year?" mother said as she leaned in to make sure she heard me this time. "A sword, father said I could have one if it was alright with you" I said quickly with hope that with father agreement that I can finally have one. "I'm sorry dear but your to young to be playing with swords" mother said with a frown. "But father said that I could get one this year" i said with a sad tone knowing she won't change her mind once she has it set. "Don't you worry I'll have a nice long chat with your father when we get home" mother said with fury in her eyes. After that we waited in silence for father to return with our meals,"who's hunger" father asked us with a smile as he sat down and handed us our meals, But he's smile vanished when he saw the look mother was giving him that just screamed your in for it later. When we finished eating we went around the market to see if there was anything I wanted for my birthday except a sword after a long look through the market something cort my eye it was a gold ring with the face of a lion on it with in its eyes two red diamonds that shined when you look at them. "How about that ring over there"I asked as I was looking at the ring its beauty and craftsmanship was like nothing I have ever seen. " OK wait here I will go and get it" father said when he was sure what ring I wanted. After a bit of dealing father handed the vendor at the stall the right amount of money before he was handed the ring and walked back towards us with a smile on his face,"Here you go son happy birthday" father said as he handed me the box with my new ring in it. "Thanks father" I said with a smile when I took my ring and fixed it on my middle left hand finger. As we was leaving the market street we could hear shouting coming from the corner we was walking towards that was getting louder as we walked towards when we turned the corner we could see that a fight has broke out between two men a fruit marketer and a unsatisfied customer, The guards where trying to stop the fight but it was only getting worse the two men was smashing into other stands and people when they hit into a tall man with blond hair the man fell to the ground soon the guards took both men away for disturbing the peace, I watched as the man who had fallen got up but failed to notice that a old looking bracelet was on the ground where he had fallen and must have fell out of his pocket when he fell. "Hey mister!" I shouted as I ran over to pick up the bracelet that the man had dropped. The man turned around and I could a look at his face his eye colour changed constantly never the same colour his face was flawless as if it was made from stone, I picked up the bracelet and showed the man his fallen bracelet and said"you dropped this" but instead of taking the bracelet the man just smiled and said"you keep it I'm sure you will have more use for it then I." "Perseus come on we are going!" My mother shouted to me from where her and father was talking