Chapter One of Polaris The Exploding Cake By carefreewritergirl ~Written in honor of the approaching official "19 Years Later" date from the epilogue of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows~ Oooh, if only I could be a Muggle I'd be watching the telly from morning till noon… Oooh, if only I could be a Muggle Instead of a broomstick I'd ride a balloon, oh… - The Weird Sisters, "Muggle" Okay. I think I'm ready to start. So...as I was saying earlier: The problem is that the story I'm about to tell isn't really my story at all; it's Victoire Weasley's. But she won't tell you her story because she's so busy living her stupid mundane little life, so I have taken up this burden/privilege/responsibility/whatever-you- want-to-call-it for my own. I will admit you right now that I don't know much about Victoire, that I never have known much about Victoire, but I do have an inkling of where her craziness began. (She was crazy, you know. Everyone everywhere seems to laud her now, but she was definitely crazy.) It began with the fierce love she had for Teddy; all the insanity that followed stemmed from that. If she had never felt that love for him, she would have never feared for him. If she had never feared for him, she would have never come to Hogwarts. If she had never come to Hogwarts, she would have never met me. And if she never met me, I would have never died. HA! Knew I got your attention there! So, anyway, my death was basically sealed the moment Victoire Ginerva Weasley woke up screaming late one May night in the upstairs bedroom of Shell Cottage. She was twisted in her hot, heavy blankets, her face smashed against her pillow, unable to see but her mind still somehow roared and throbbed with the image, as sharp and bright as snow in the sunlight, of a pale-faced boy lying spread-eagled on the ground, the whites of his eyes shining at her, driving knives into her heart of pain and fear and hopelessness. Even with her mind on fire, the dim thought skipped on the outer reaches of her brain that it wouldn't be so bad, it really wouldn't be so bad, if it had been just any face, any unknown tortured face she could dismiss as a nightmare and nothing more, but no, she knew this face… It was the face of Teddy Lupin. Victoire sobbed into her pillow. She had had this dream many times. The Dream, she privately called it, because before The Dream she had never had any dreams. For days, weeks, months - who knew how long - it had been haunting her. Every time she closed her eyes or let them rest anywhere too long, his tortured face seemed to swim in front of her gaze, a picture permanently planted on the backs of her eyeballs. And at the same time she was sure that there was no cure, nothing to make it go away. But did she want it to go away? What if her vision was real? What if, sometime in the future, this might happen? What if there was nothing she could do to stop it? What would it do to her friend, Teddy? What could possibly transform him from the happy, grinning boy of now to the gaunt, deranged one of her dream? She had no answers. All she had were questions, and they surrounded her, stabbed her, like so many spears brandished suddenly out of the dark. For the rest of the night her sleep was fitful and when she woke she saw a line of congealed blood on her arm - while reaching for Teddy's hand in her dream, she had unknowingly gripped her own arm, scratching it deep enough to bring up blood. Shaken, she slipped carefully out of bed and padded softly into the bathroom, where she ran her arm under the tap and dried it. The blood was gone, but the stain of it still remained in her memory. But then she took a deep breath, and firmly closed a mental door on the happenings of last night: Today was her 12th birthday, as a rule, during your birthday you were supposed to be happy. She thought she might cement that rule in place by grinning at herself in the mirror for a minute and a half to establish a false sort of cheeriness (The mirror wasn't much help: it had an obsession with the pimple in Victoire's ear and went into hysterics whenever it saw it. Victoire quite agreed that pimples didn't belong in ears, but it was there, and what could she do about it? Everyone knew what happened when Eloise Midgen tried to curse her pimples off. She told the mirror to shut up, which it thankfully did.). "Victoire! Victoire!" An hour later a small warm ball of humanity erupted into Victoire's arms. It was James Potter, her Uncle Harry's son, and he was beside himself with excitement. With lightning-fast reflexes as quick as his father's (Victoire had thought before that maybe someday he'd become a Seeker too), his hand darted into her back pocket and surfaced with his stolen prize: a slab of chocolate. Victoire had a bad habit of keeping a bit of chocolate in her pocket, bad not only because it got mushy and melted after a while, but also because occasionally little pirates came to snatch it away. James and sometimes his brother Albus and her own brother Louis, though usually Albus and Louis were much nicer, had found out her secret a long time ago and had never failed to take advantage of it. Now James skipped in exuberance around the room, while Victoire chased after him fruitlessly over furniture and through the kitchen (Her mom preparing lunch was not too happy with that), all the while screaming "YOU RASCAL!" and James laughing delightedly. She finally managed to snag him in the corner by the door and carried him with a few light spankings to his prison (i.e. the couch), but before she could set him down she was bombarded with more little people: James' seven-year-old brother Albus, and his sister, Lily, who was five. And then on their heels came Rose and Hugo Weasley, Rose with her mother's intelligent eyes and Hugo with his father's good-natured grin. Victoire's younger siblings Dominique and Louis also joined the commotion. Victoire suddenly found herself swallowed by a savage, noisy group, all screaming for vengeance against James for the stolen chocolate. "Why did he get chocolate - I want some -" "All I have are Fizzing Whizbees, I hate them -" "I like them, give me one for once, Hugo; you hoard all the candy to yourself -" "So what, you can get more for free at Uncle George's Place -" "You're such a little glutton -" "Mo om, Rose is using big words again -" "The first person who can tell me what day it is will get a piece of chocolate!" Victoire shouted desperately over the ruckus, and of course they all cried out at once, "Your birthday, your birthday!" So in the end they all got chocolate, even James, who'd certainly had more than his fair share. Once Victoire managed to get all the little people out from underneath her feet, she went to greet her Aunt Hermione, who gave her a warm smile, and her Uncle Ron, who gave her one of his characteristic one-armed hugs. Harry and Ginny came after; poor Ginny was loaded down with so many presents that when she tried to look around them to say hello to Victoire they all cascaded out of her arms. It took a while to clean them up but Hermione helped with a Hovering Charm - Ron did too, but maybe not quite as smoothly or successfully as his wife. "No, honey, it's WinGARdium LeviOsa; make the GAR nice and long -" "Oh, shut up." But Victoire knew by their expressions that both spouses were just bantering, and the two kissed each other as the last present was set on the table. Everyone else moved out of the doorway and into the room - except Victoire, that is. She stood, leaning against the doorframe, staring out into the front yard for the person she most longed to see. It seemed to take forever, but it might have only been a few moments that she stood there - nevertheless, when she saw an old, white-haired woman and young man with bright blue hair tumble into view, she felt herself releasing a breath she hadn't known she'd been holding. The moment Teddy caught sight of her he smiled, and it was a beautiful smile. The right side was pulled up more than the left and his teeth were only just showing, an uncertain, shy grin, unique to him. Calm, slow, it turned a normally deadpan face into something alive. He ran toward the door, his grandmother teetering somewhat precariously behind him. And then the door was flung open and Teddy, beaming, bounded before her. "Vic, you should just see what I got you for your birthday! You'll love it. I promise!" "Not more photos?" Victoire said, raising her eyebrow at him skeptically. Teddy was a photographer, and although he often took beautiful shots, she couldn't help but get a tad bored of his hobby. She had several boxes of his photos stashed underneath her bed. "Not one more photo, cross my heart," Teddy said with utmost sincerity. "But - c'mon, where are all the little ankle-biters; we need to give them our annual performance." At every family social gathering Teddy and Victoire put on a little act of the Wizard and the Hopping Pot to amuse "the little kids". For some reason, no matter how many times they saw it, the kids still thought it was hilarious. Victoire had a hefty job: she had to play the narrator, the various neighboring townspeople, the young wizard, and his father, inflecting her voice differently depending on each one. Teddy, meanwhile, imitated the pot: taking great hops around the room (and occasionally chasing the audience, adding to the fun), he put his Metamorphmagus powers to work sprouting warts and pimples while he moaned, whined, cried, brayed, choked, groaned, and made every other weird noise he could possibly think of, every once and awhile making a new one, which was awarded with applause and shrieks of laughter. But Teddy couldn't keep hopping indefinitely (both because of physical limits and his grandmother laying down the law, saying he was going to break his foot someday if he wasn't careful), and when he finally slumped, exhausted, to the floor, all the boys leapt forward and tried to tackle him to his feet, and the girls begged him to do more. Teddy protested - and got his punishment when James sat on his stomach in a last resort. Thankfully (for Teddy, at least), at that moment the dinner bell whizzed through the air, ringing wildly. Teddy seized his chance to recover by taking a few deep breaths and rubbing his bruised and battered legs while the children flooded toward the table. Anyone seeing Teddy at that moment would make the assumption that being an adopted cousin is no easy task, and they would be absolutely right. Dinner passed without mishap, that is if you didn't count the tense moment where James was discovered hiding broccoli in his napkin by his parents. Harry said he sympathized, because he remembered the summer with Dudley's awful dieting regimen all too well, but Ginny was firm. After that James ate his broccoli, but not without many spiteful sidelong glances at his mother. At a point where the conversation lulled, Victoire deliberately set down her fork, wiped her mouth (though it was spotless), and faced her uncle. "Thanks for coming, Uncle Harry." Harry looked up, his scar shining blazingly in the light from the window. A