Disclaimer: Idon't own anything of the Lord of the Rings. Note: It has been way too long since I last wrote Lord of the Rings slash so here is some smut. Summary: Prince Legolas thinks that king Aragorn deserves a break from his work. Title: a well deserved break. Warnings: smut, slash and AU Dedicated to: Nicole for keeping me sane and for loving me. Author: Laurenke1. Pairing: Legolas/Aragorn Elessar Aragorn Telcontar glanced about at the overcrowded desk, unsure of where to start. He sighed and rubbed his neck. The daylight was fading quickly and the candles the servant had lit earlier were dripping lower and soon he would need to replace them. His quill scratched on the parchment as he tried to find the words in his overtired mind to phrase what he wanted to say. His tired grey eyes fixed on the words that flowed from his quill and he had no regards as the sky outside the window grew ever darker. The door silently opened as the elf peered in. The blond consort of Gondor stared at the drawn and tired looking face of his beloved husband. The dark circles underneath the grey eyes that so often pieced his own blue eyes and the deepening lines in the still youthful face. The dark curls were pushed back from the high and proud forehead and the grizzly dark beard made Legolas shuddered as it surrounded the lips he longed to kiss. He longed to ease the lines of weariness from his husband's face. They may rule at a time of peace but the work of a king was never done. And therefore, Aragorn deserved a much needed break. The elf took a deep breath and pushed open the door, rapping his knuckles against the wood to announce his presence. Aragorn glanced up; gaze tired before his king brightened and his smile lid the whole room. "Legolas." The name was like a prayer and even after 5 years of marriage it still made Legolas shiver. He smiled and Aragorn smiled back at him, glancing back down at the paperwork he had been working on in a manner that told Legolas that his husband was far from done. "I am sorry, Legolas but I fear tonight will be another late night." "You are correct but not in the manner you imply, my love." Legolas merely said. He leaned against the doorframe as he began to untie the robe he had knotted in his dressing gown sash. "You do not have to wait up for me, my darling. You should go to bed." Aragorn glanced down at his paperwork again and Legolas raised an eyebrow. He managed to untie the sash as he allowed it to drop the floor and purred. "You should cap your ink, my lover; I have different plans for us tonight." Aragorn glanced up again, distracted by Legolas' tone. "What do you mean?" The tired man asked. Aragorn was curious but Legolas could see how tired his beloved was. Faramir should not have allowed him to work so long even when the treaties had to be drawn up by Aragorn's hand. It could have waited, especially since Aragorn had been working so hard and so late each day in the past week. Legolas raised an eyebrow and Aragorn shook his head with a laugh. The elf was sure that Aragorn had sensed his arousal through their close bond and he was proven right when Aragorn said. "Legolas, you know I cannot. I am needed here and I…." "Even Faramir has gone home and you are in need of some rest as well. When was the last time that you went to bed at the same time that I did? In the past week I have been asleep even before you came to bed and you know that an elf needs far less sleep then a man does. What say you? Are you going to deny me?" "Legolas, you are a prince. You understand how much work a ruler has, especially the paperwork. If I had not labored for peace for such a long time I would call for war since it involves less paperwork then running a kingdom during a time of prosperity." Aragorn glanced down again at the parchment he had written upon and Legolas smiled. He kept his end of the bond closed so his husband could not sense his feelings as he opened his green dressing gown. He had chosen to wear this especially for tonight since he was going about to seduce his husband after all. Aragorn glanced up as Legolas drew the dressing gown away. The man's mouth fell open and indeed, even after the 5 years of marriage and the seventy odd years that he had known Legolas, his elf could still amaze him. His eyes grew wide as he took in his elf's appearance. Legolas had always been a beautiful elf but now as the candlelight played over the creamy white skin, his elf looked delicious. Legolas was naked, the long legs of the elf giving away to the well shaped cock as it rose a little. Aragorn forced his eyes to continue to rise as he saw his elf well defined stomach, the strong planes of muscles that he knew intimately and could shape with his hands if he so chose. The flat nipples that stood erect even when the elf could not feel the cold in the room as Legolas drew the dressing gown even further away. The muscular arms were hidden by the dark green dressing gown and the long blond hair hung untied over the strong and broad shoulders down to the broad back of the elf. The full lips curled into a loving smirk as the blue eyes sparkled. Legolas could feel Aragorn's shock and the arousal the man tried to hide at the wicked glint in the elven eyes. His eyes once more strayed down to the strong and impressive elvenhood that seemed to swell before his eyes. Aragorn swallowed and with great effort he managed to tear his eyes away. He focused on the parchment underneath his hands, where he had wrinkled it when he had clenched his hands in an effort not to rise. "Why are you resisting, my love? The work can wait. All are entitled to rest." "Something tells me that rest is not something that you have in mind." Aragorn told the parchment with burning cheeks. His sex life may have been a healthy one but that did not mean that he was not feeling very self conscious at the moment by the very naked elf that was standing in his office and the way his own very interested cock was reacting. "You are correct, my lover. The rest comes afterwards." "So I have to work first and then get rest. It sounds an awfully lot like the paperwork only less fun." "Trust me; you won't have to do any work tonight. I will gladly do you thoroughly and leave you begging for more." Legolas cocked his head to the side and smiled, a wicked smile that send a fire straight down Aragorn's spine to his groin. The man cast one last glance at his paperwork and then rose, Legolas was right, it could wait. His elf looked too good to resist temptation any longer. He was a man and well call it a weakness but he could not resist. Legolas smirked at him and held out his hand. "Ah finally you come to your senses." The taller elf pressed himself against Aragorn, smiling at him and tasting his lips in a chaste kiss. The man groaned and pressed himself against the naked elf. Legolas growled low in his throat as he broke away and said. "Come." The man's eyes grew wide as he glanced at the elf's glorious naked body and though of the hallway outside with the guards. "Legolas, you do realize that there are guards standing outside the door. You cannot go about looking like that. I will not have it." "You do know that it is very arousing to know that you are the only one who knows that I am naked underneath this robe. Then also know that I have got something very special planned for us in the family room." The man's eyes grew even larger and Aragorn swallowed thickly. Legolas smirked at him and then slowly kissed his husband deeply again, drawing out their kiss. Aragorn's lips parted and Legolas placed Aragorn's hands on his hips. The man started and groaned deeply in his throat before Legolas gave a low moan as Aragorn's hands roughly pinched his flesh. "That is not fair." Legolas broke the kiss to gasp. Aragorn raised an eyebrow as he said. "And here I thought that you said that we should not be bothered…." "We might be bothered, does it turn you on?" The elf purred in his ear. Aragorn glanced away as he licked his suddenly dry lips and whispered. "Surely you kid me…." "I am not an elf prone to kidding people, my love. Now shall we go?" Curling his hand around Aragorn's hand the elf pulled. Aragorn dug his heels into the carpet as he hissed, eyes blazing. "Tie up that sash of yours. You will not walk the hallways looking like that. The guards will feast their eyes." "And you have a problem with that? I believe that the king was to entertain his people." "Not with my own husband!" "I am sure that many people can learn something from us." "I am not sure that they would want to learn, Legolas." Aragorn watched as the quick fingered elf easily tied his sash back together. He wished the elf would drop the sash and have him against the door but somehow, he had the impressing that it wasn't in Legolas' plans. The elf glanced up and announced. "I am good like this?" Ai, Legolas, do not ask me these things. You already know what my answer shall be. Instead he bit his tongue and said. "Yes, it will do. Now I do not need to be blindfolded, now do I?" "Do you want to be?" Aragorn could not answer as he saw his elf's eager face. The wicked gleam in Legolas' eyes put him on his guard but then he felt the elf's warm hand on his lower back as Legolas purred. "Now let's not dwindle and leave already. I am anxious to be coming soon." "I thought we were going." "You will be coming, this is a promise." Legolas licked at Aragorn's ear and the man shivered a little. Legolas pushed against Aragorn's shoulder in order to get his husband to move. The elf had his plans and they did not extend to trading bad puns with Aragorn here. He wanted his man spread underneath him in front of the fireplace, his fingertips stroking his husband to fulfillment and to have Aragorn begging his name when he came. The elf licked his lips before he pressed them against Aragorn's warm skin at his neck. The man relaxed slightly but he did stay tense. Legolas knew Aragorn wanted to keep the affection between them hidden from the public. It was not because Aragorn was a prude man but the man wanted something for himself, to keep hidden from the people he had sworn to lead who already knew a lot about their king. Together they exited the room and Legolas gave a nod at the sleepy guards. They snapped to attention but Aragorn waved them away. The man prepared to turn to the right to go to their bedroom but Legolas pulled him away as he said. "That is not where I want you." An elegant eyebrow rose and Legolas caught Aragorn's hand as he pulled the surprised man with him. They rounded a corner and Legolas pushed the door to the family sitting room open. He pulled Aragorn inside as the man gasped