PROLOGUE- Entering the maze It was a foreboding night. The darkness seemed to envelope Percy, blending his ebony locks with the surrounding night. Something about this night, specifically tonight, seemed off. In ways Percy couldn't quite explain, the temperature seemed to have dropped, cooler than it usually was, biting at his cheeks the wind blowing his hair and fanning it around his frozen face. Flitting across his eyes and leaving him to catch a glance of a figure, or three in the very corner of his eyes, something was wrong. Never mind the howling wind and the creepy as can be boarding school in the background, or the fact that as soon as Percy had unloaded his bags from the back of the practically luminous taxi cab had it sped off into the distance. Zooming away faster than it should have done. Faster than Percy thought possible. Leaving dust in its trail on the gravel path that twined up to the old building with its Latin school motto and old fashioned ways, he wondered idly whether the school still had those small desks meant for one with the little holes for ink pots that always looked like they had come right out of the 1950's. Though looking around the school grounds it held a special horror quality. It would be the perfect setting with it's circling trees that towered high above the school and the turrets on the building itself. It had the aura of a castle, if that made any sense, which it probably didn't. Looking around him Percy could see the dark outlines of birds flying the crisp night air, owls perhaps, well more like he hoped. Bats weren't really a favourite of his. Birds in general, but owls he liked, owls he could deal with. And seagulls. But he only tolerated them because of his infatuation of everything sea related. Something probably to do with how he never saw his dad, Poseidon, who was always at sea. One some cruise with Amphitrite his new wife, or sailing single handed around some new place or unheard of island. Well, either way Percy was NOT a bird person. Except for owls and seagulls as he had previously mentioned. But not, under any circumstances and he meant any! could Percy deal with- SWOOP. "ARGH!" SWOOP. SWOOP. Percy frantically swung his arms in the air, as far as his soft cheap but vintage denim jacket would let him, making whooshing noises all the while, trying to swat away the bat swooping at his face, its leathery freakily shaped wings hitting his mouth and making him sputter loudly. Percy continued this escapade for sometime until he realised he was swatting at thin air. The bat or bats, Percy hoped for the singular but either way it/they was/were nowhere to be seen. And people still didn't understand his hatred for bats? With their rat like faces and rough wings, the general look about them. Their relation to Dracula the king of vampires, Percy shivered, trying to repress the memory of his 6th birthday party. Not a good time. Percy had just turned six years old. He felt like a king, he felt big. Now he was six maybe he could go sailing with his daddy? Mummy had said he could go sailing with him when he was big, though she hadn't specified. Running about the garden, over to the paddling pool his mother had set out earlier before the party had started and he had invited all of his friends over. He remembered setting it up, bringing half full faded buckets of water still managing to slop over the sides, and soaking his mothers black curly hair as he tried to empty the bucket but missed as he stood on an uneven pebble. Luckily though Percy's lip had trembled, thinking he might have upset her she had just shook her sopping hair at him and laughed. Picking him up in the air and spinning him around so much he felt like he was soaring. Not always a positive feeling concerning Percy but then it was. Anyway. Now he was running to the paddling pool to play with the new toy boat his father had shipped over to him, unable to make the party as he was at a major surfing competition in Australia. Apparently he had another gift up his sleeve. Something to be shared at the party, something only big boys could handle. Percy puffed himself up then his lip sticking out a little, determined to prove this to his daddy, though he didn't quite understand why. Upon hearing the doorbell of their small terraced house ring Percy ran to the door, maybe expecting an unheard of relative or another friend from his new school not the towering figure huddled in black robes. Smoke swirling from behind them. High and pale cheekbones shadowed inside the house. They looked petrifying. Everything seemed so much more on edge, so much darker somehow, as if this new guest had drained the happiness, though even at six Percy knew it to be impossible. It especially didn't help when they lifted a long arm up majestically and several bats swooped into the house. It all went downhill from there. But seriously, looking arou- What was that? Percy dropped his second hand suitcase, turning around clockwise, or was it anticlockwise? Either way he turned, slowly, trying to figure out where, specifically, that scream had come from, that very he wanted to say feminine scream but he could tell they were male, why was he fussing with the details he'd just heard a scream? Why did he call it feminine when he could tell it was male? And why could e tell it was male if it was feminine? A scream. A blood curdling scream. A scream that held so much pain Percy was sure he had imagined it. How could they have been in that much pain? What had happened? With clammy hands Percy grabbed at his black bobbly suitcase, trying to keep a hold of the hard handle. Percy was rushing as quickly as he could across the gravel without making too much noise. He should ditch the bag, find the source of the scream. Then again, maybe he should bring his suitcase, in case the person was alive, or the attacker was still about. Percy could use it as a weapon? Continually thinking of the worst case scenario like most people did when they knew something had gone wrong. Percy walked, as stealthily as he could, to the clump of tress from where he'd heard the scream, when he heard another noise, a sort of half hearted attempt too yell out he supposed. It did seem likely in this situation. Percy was close now. He could hear slight rustling. He dearly hoped it was a sweet and cute woodland animal. But he knew the chances of that. Somebody was running away (his heart would surely be beating faster if they were running in his direction), the autumn leaves flying out behind them, spiralling to the ground. Percy could practically see them with his own eyes, they couldn't see him though. He was sure of it. Percy strained his eyes as he watched the two people, the two people in the area that Percy was sure the scream had come from. Neither seemed scared, or even hurt in any kind of way. So where had the scream come from? No one could fake that, or be quieted so quickly without two explanations, they were either dead, or unconscious. Checking again there were definitely two people, he was not mistaken. One smaller, more slender, they were female with as far as Percy could tell with a lot of hair but that was all he could tell, they were facing away. It was the other person that sent of shiver of terror down Percy's spine. The one holding a knife. A knife slick with blood, shining slightly in the slivers of moonlight that reached them. Percy was revolted, swallowing down the sick rising in his throat, hiding his arrival. The other person, the somehow more threatening one was male, much taller, leaner and though Percy only saw the outlines of his arms, apparently rather muscular. Percy edged closer to them, trying to get a better look at what as going on. He could just about make out someone propped against a knarled tree, a boy, with blood on his plain, well, previously plain t-shirt. Percy gasped. Unintentionally warning the man, the tall fierce one. Percy fell backwards, the car once again covering all of him once again. The shadows helping to hide him from the person now seeking him out. Seeking out the witness. But before he fell backwards, a knee jerk reaction, Percy saw, if only a glance. Saw the attacker. Saw the vicious red mark lining his face, crossing his left eye, the look of the letter 'J' to the jagged scar. Percy looked into their eyes, but couldn't see their colour, only seeing the hatred in them, but managing to catch, in the moonlight, the blonde colouring of his cropped hair, contrasting deeply with his vicious and terrifying look. The hair giving him a look of innocence. The attacker, moved forward, Percy heard his attempted light footsteps, heavier by the urgency they probably felt. Percy was shaking, shaking from the cold, the fact that it might be his last night on Earth, that he would never see his mother again, and that he might never even enter the building that basically brought him to his death. Then the footsteps stopped. Percy looked around, wanting to be able to see death coming, that is if the worst was happening that neither would make it out alive. That they would get away with what was most likely about to happen. Percy widened his eyes, blinking a little from the length of time he had kept them open as wide as possible, never squinting in fear he would miss something. Something crucial to his survival, or something leading him to his demise. But it never came. As he had realised. The footsteps had actually stopped, but Percy was still paranoid. Not really wanting to look around the corner of the conveniently placed car. Away from his only current safety. Shuddering slightly Percy crept to the edge of the car for what felt like the hundredth time but had probably only been three or four times, peeking around the edge, his eyes wide seeing all. Seeing the retreating figures, seeing the packet of something small fall from the attackers pocket. It fell to the ground as they both pumped their arms as they ran away, the knife still in the mans hand. The blood having been wiped clean, leaving no trail. As soon as Percy knew they had left, he jumped into action. Standing while rising into a crouched stance. Not fully trusting. His ears pricked up waiting for a noise, then he ran around the corner of the car, staying close to it, without brushing against it. Percy went practically on tiptoe to the boy at the tree. The boy with the life slowly draining out of him as he bled to death, his soon to be killers getting further and further away as he crept nearer. In one sudden movement Percy stood straighter and walked without a hitch over to the dying boy. His eyes more used to the dark, he could see more. Not normally, but just more. Percy could make out the outlines of his face, the angular jawline and floppy hair, now stuck to his feverish face in a sweat. Percy found the boys hand, hoping to give him some comfort in what could be his last moments on Earth. The boy, around his age with blood circling a gaping wound at his middle, his stomach heaving quickly, breathing hitched as the blood continued to stain his once most probably plain t-shirt. "I'm Percy, I'm