All storylines and characters in this story that bear a resemblance to the Twilight Saga belong to Stephenie Meyer. Everything else in this story belongs to me. No copying or reproduction of this work (or any part thereof) is permitted without my express written authorisation. A/N: I have had this one kicking around in my head for almost the same amount of time as BaB. I promised myself I would try and finish an original story before I got stuck into this, but my muse is demanding I put pen to paper now – and who am I to argue? This is a very different fic from BaB and takes place after the end of Breaking Dawn. It is (reasonably) canon compliant, but more angst-ridden. Suggested listening: "Open Season" by Jospeh Salvat, "Like I Can" by Sam Smith and "If I had a heart" by Fever Ray. 1. Love Lost It started with the slightest of touches: the back of his hand brushing lightly against her knee as they sat side by side at a bonfire. She didn't say anything because a certain amount of contact was inevitable when you were trying to squish a bunch of gigantic werewolves on log-seats that had not been fashioned with the supernatural in mind. That and it felt kind of nice. By the end of the night, she was certain that the stroking was not accidental. His fingers had definitely moved the tiniest bit higher and while they were pressed firmly against her thigh, there was an obvious gap stretching between them and the rest of him. He was reaching out to her. Still she didn't say anything, and still she didn't know why. It set the precedent for every shape-shifter function to come. They always seemed to find themselves adjacent to one another and, even when he wasn't patting her in some way, she could taste the space between them. She wanted to ask him what he was playing at, but the ship had sailed on that one. She hadn't done that the first time and she knew that raising the subject now would mean a discussion about all the other times it had happened with her tacit consent (albeit a lack of active participation). She was pretty sure he wasn't trying to get into her pants. She was fucking Jacob and everyone knew she was fucking Jacob (supernatural senses meant nothing much was left to their imagination), but still something simmered secretly in the shadows. Jacob didn't seem to notice the unusual connection hanging between his Beta and another pack mate. It was unlikely that he ever would with his precocious imprint always demanding his attention. Leah was still a little fuzzy on how Jacob was able to be attracted to her even after imprinting, but he assured her that he most definitely was, and all the physical signs seemed to confirm it. In the circumstances, she wasn't going to get too hung up on details. She was a hot blooded wolf, not a nun, and she was tired of being lonely. The Cullens seemed pretty zen about the whole thing. She'd thought Edward might go all Victorian control-freak on her and claim that she was horning in on the spirit-ordained betrothal that was holding their freaky allegiance together, but he'd actually warmed to her after he'd gotten wind of her relationship with her Alpha. The only people who had voiced concerns were Bella and Sam. Naturally . Bella claimed she didn't want there to be any drama in a few years time when Nessie matured, but Leah knew better. The girl had gotten used to being the most important person in Jacob's life, and even married and with a child she couldn't fathom him with another lover. Things were definitely going to be interesting when Jacob and Nessie finally did get together. Leah would pay good money to hear how Bella and Jacob explained their previous relationship to her daughter and his soul mate. Yuck. Sam was harder to understand. He had left Leah for her cousin, Emily, and was soon to be married, so why he was getting his knickers in a knot over who Leah bumped uglies with was a mystery. He and Jacob had come to blows on more than one occasion and the hurt look on Emily's face seemed to be the only thing keeping him in line. Leah reasoned that the two-Alpha situation was an anomaly and they were both bound to be looking for things to snipe over. If it wasn't her, it would have been something equally trivial. With all the weird emotions swirling around, Leah didn't think twice when Jacob told her he was leaving La Push and asked her to go with him. A one way ticket away from all the crazy bullshit? Yes, please! The Cullens had been in Forks for two years before Bella's arrival and another two years since then. People were bound to start asking questions about Carlisle looking like he'd had more botox than Joan Rivers, let alone the fast-growing midget that was permanently attached to either Edward, Jacob or Bella. Jacob gave his whole pack the choice, but Leah was the only one who agreed to go with the vampires. The rest were being transferred back to Sam like library books. Leah would rather walk over hot coals than be back under Sam's thumb. The date was fixed and she packed her meagre possessions. She was sad to be leaving her Mom and Seth, but Sue had Charlie and her brother was probably the most popular person she knew. It was Leah who had nothing but bad memories and heartache in every corner of the Olympic Peninsula. Still, she loved the land - her people's land – and in her final morning in Washington she found herself going on one last stroll through the forest that she had come to know on four legs just as well as she did on two. She savoured the way the sunlight pushed through the thick canopy, the smell of the earth beneath her feet and the way the moss tickled her toes. "You don't have to do this, you know," a familiar voice interrupted her exploration. Her shoulders tensed. Surely he wasn't picking now for the chat they had always avoided? "Do what?" She settled for acting dumb and hoped he would take a leaf out of her playbook. "You don't have to run away with Jacob just because you don't want to be in a pack with Sam." She glared at him. "Actually, I sort of do. I tried running off on my own plenty of times, but the spirits seem to think that non-Alphas need to belong to someone. I'm choosing the guy who didn't fuck my cousin before he dumped me, the guy who didn't then continue to shove the whole fiasco in my face at every possible opportunity." Her usual abrasiveness didn't faze him. It never had. He looked at her with those warm brown eyes, so full of understanding and affection and Leah felt every bit the bitch that she knew they all called her behind her back. "I know what it's like to feel unwanted, Leah. Believe me – but I'm not suggesting you go back to Sam. You can be in Jacob's pack without physically following him and the Cullens. Stay. Please ." The way he said 'please' made something twist inside of her. This was why she had been steering clear of him. He stepped closer to her, stretching his hand out. She wanted to move away but his eyes had locked her in place. They both felt her heart stutter as he tucked a stray wisp of hair behind her ear. "You're selling yourself short with Jacob," he murmured. Leah bristled. "Everyone's got a fucking opinion, don't they?" He shrugged. "Probably, but in this situation I'd bet that most have the same one. You deserve to have someone's whole heart Leah, not just dregs from a guy who's usually otherwise occupied." "So young and naive," Leah ribbed him, trying not to think about the fact that he was actually a few months older than her boyfriend. "I'm perfectly satisfied with Jake. He gives me what I need ." Why couldn't anyone understand that? She didn't want hearts and flowers and promises. Sam had given her plenty of those and look where that had gotten her. She preferred Jacob's down to earth nature and it didn't bother her in the slightest that their relationship had a use-by date of a little more than six years. It was a relief to have clearly defined parameters to work within. Structure. Order. Everything else in her life was chaos. Still, those eyes were boring holes into her and she saw something else – a fire burning under the surface. Usually he seemed fairly easygoing, but today was clearly an exception. "He'll never love you like I can, Leah." He traced a thumb across her cheek. She snorted at his declaration as she batted his hand away and she didn't miss the hurt that flashed across his face in response. "Until you imprint, right?" He groaned. "You said once that you know you're not gonna. It's the same with me. I feel it in my bones. 'Sides, isn't it better to make a go of it with someone who hasn't imprinted? We'd be no different from any other human couple. Why would you resign yourself to someone who has?" "I'm not resigning myself to anything and who I sleep with is none of your business ," she said through gritted teeth. He sighed, raking a hand through his hair. "It feels like my business. I don't wanna keep doing this dance with you where you let yourself confuse my patience with indifference. I just need to make myself clear before you go and do something so... final." Leah's chest tightened painfully. How did he know? She'd told everyone else that she'd come back for visits and then to stay after she finished College, but she didn't really mean it. This was it for her. As if he sensed her slipping away, he grabbed her face in his palms, moving closer so that she could feel his breath tickling her nose. For a moment she thought he might try and kiss her, but he seemed to think better of it, watching her closely. She would later realise that he was memorising every inch of her features. They stood there for just a few minutes, but to Leah it felt endless. He smelled good and he was actually really easy on the eye. For a second she wondered if he was right. Maybe this Jacob business was ridiculous and hasty. She tore her gaze away from his, shaking her head in confusion. She had decided. Why was he making it so hard? "I don't want you," she barked. "Why can't you get a clue?" The expression on his face would haunt her for years to come. She ripped his heart out and stomped all over it for good measure. He dropped his hands, taking a step back. Leah stared at the ground in shame. She hadn't meant to be so harsh, but he kept pushing her and it was unbearable. "Be happy, Leah." His voice was little more than a whisper on the wind and by the time she raised her head he was gone. ~~~TAC~~~ She almost ran after him. Almost. She'd hunted big game ever since she'd phased, but for the first time in her life she actually felt like she had killed Bambi. Those eyes . What had she done? A twig snapped from behind her and she turned to face the very last person she wanted to see. "Sam," she said curtly. Only in La Push would a walk in the woods lead to more social interactions than going to the grocery store . "LeeLee," he replied, his voice thick with emotion.