All storylines and characters in this story that bear a resemblance to the Twilight Saga belong to Stephenie Meyer. Everything else in this story belongs to me. No copying or reproduction of this work (or any part thereof) is permitted without my express written authorisation. A/N There is now a songlist to accompany this story. It is set out at Chapter 16 if you want to listen in while you are reading. 1. The Blackest of Hearts Jacob ran across the beach, the icy wind nipping at him as his toes raked across the sand. It didn't bother him. He never felt the cold. Not on the outside anyway. Inside was a different story - a desolate place without warmth or comfort. He'd given Bella Swan everything he had, and now that she was married to his mortal enemy and five days into her honeymoon, there was nothing left. No smiles, no hugs, no good natured banter. He was an empty shell of the boy he had once been. Sam had always told him that he and the other werewolves couldn't age as long as they continued to phase, but Jacob knew that was a lie. He'd aged. The moment he'd left her wedding he said goodbye to his youth. It had already been compromised by the curse that made him a werewolf rearing its ugly head, but now it was all gone. He was a man - and a broken one at that. How could anybody still have any boy-like wonder when the girl they loved chose another, one that would turn her into a bloodsucking freak or (more likely) kill her in the process? It wasn't possible. Jacob grew up overnight. His passage into adulthood made him reflect on everything he had done when he had tried to romance Bella. Every childish mistake. Every instance that probably made him seem so inferior to her precious Edward. He shouldn't have been emotional and impulsive. Bella clearly liked brooding and stoic. He shouldn't have made his love for her so obvious. Bella clearly thrived on a man conveying elusiveness. Her precious vampire rationed his kisses, left her and returned at his leisure. Jacob had followed Bella around like a lapdog and couldn't keep his hands off her. The first time he really kissed her she punched him in the face. All of his pack brothers had watched his memories of that day and laughed as Bella clutched at her injured hand, gloating that Jacob hadn't even been hurt. They were fools. He'd never been so hurt and had never really recovered from somebody he loved so much rejecting him so badly. Just as Bella's vampire treated her mean and kept her keen, Jacob never stopped loving Bella – no matter how terribly she wounded him. He still dreamed about her chocolate brown eyes and running his hands through her silky mahogany hair. Still found his mind wandering back to that one perfect kiss on the top of a mountain, her hands plastered across his chest and fisting his hair. The knowledge that he had been found wanting compared to Edward made Jacob doubt himself. He would find himself thinking that he shouldn't have hung out with her so much in the garage drinking warm soda – not when that rich motherfucker could afford to take her to fancy restaurants. He shouldn't have been so wrapped up in the Rabbit – not when that bastard was able, with a snap of his fingers, to buy her an Audi. Bella had always claimed she was a no frills sort of girl, but then she picked Mr Frills himself as a husband. It didn't make sense. So Jacob ran some more. The summer holidays had arrived and he had nothing to do other than grieve. He had been placed on double patrol duties as penance for his long absence after he had received Bella's wedding invitation. He knew he deserved it so he tried not to complain. Sam had decided to pair Jacob with Leah for the majority of his punishment. Leah was perpetually being put on double patrols herself for one infraction or another. Sam had said that the pairing was because her speed was a good counterbalance to his strength, but Jacob knew the truth. He and Leah had the most unpleasant minds in the whole pack these days and no one wanted to share headspace with either of them. Putting the two of them together left everybody else in relative peace. He knew that Embry and Seth had both questioned Sam after that decision. They saw it as cruel. Jacob told them not to worry. Neither he nor Leah could be any more miserable than they already were. What difference did it make if they were exposed to each other's pain? Unlike Jacob's mental self flagellation, Leah's mind was awash with fury. She hated everyone so much that she could barely form proper thoughts about why they were all so deplorable. Jacob often only heard the specific insults she was hurling at him, with her rage forming a fuzzy white noise that blared all around him. Unlike his pack brothers, Leah's jibes didn't irk him. There was nothing nasty that she could say to him that he wasn't already saying to himself. Jacob approached the cliffs and saw her sitting at the very edge, shoulders hunched over as her legs dangled off the side. A normal human wouldn't be able to see her at all, but Jacob wasn't human. He paused for a moment. They weren't meant to patrol together for another hour. She would be angry at him for bothering her before then. " Screw it " he thought and kept running towards her. She'd be angry no matter what and he had planned to run this way. No way was he letting any more moping women dictate how he lived his life. That's what he'd done with Bella and look where that had gotten him. He made what he thought was a noisy entrance at the top of the cliff path but Leah didn't stir. He plonked himself down at his favourite thinking spot several metres away and cleared his throat. When she turned to look at him he realised that he had been very wrong. She hadn't heard him at all. Her eyes were red and swollen, tears streaming down her cheeks. She immediately wiped her face with the sleeve of her shirt, turning her mouth into a grimace. "You tell anyone and I'll kill you," she hissed at him. "No one wants to talk to my miserable ass, so who am I gonna tell? Paul told me the other day that he'd rather hang out with you than me!" he replied. "Besides, part of me wants you to kill me," he added under his breath. They sat in uncomfortable silence and Jacob watched the angry waves thrashing far below them. A storm was brewing and a stroke of lightening flashed in the distance. "Can you push me?" she finally asked, turning her face back towards him. He saw the agony and desperation there, but he couldn't quite believe that he had heard correctly. He raised his eyebrow at her, full of confusion. "I came up here to jump, but I can't because of Sam's stupid Alpha Order. Push me and put me out of my misery," she pleaded. "What Alpha Order?" Jacob enquired. Leah sighed and her shoulders fell, her chin almost drooping on her knees. "Can't you just push me - no questions asked?" "Nope. If I'm gonna murder you I want to know why Clearwater," Jacob found himself edging over a little. She was still an arm's length away but he could now see that she was wringing her hands and that her fingers were red and chaffed from the force she was using. "I told him I didn't think that I could come to his wedding on Saturday and that Emily would need to find another maid of honour, and then he ordered me to be there and do my best to make Emily happy." Another tear slid down Leah's cheek. She didn't bother to wipe it away. "I came up here to try and find a way out, but it turns out that if the mighty freaking Alpha gives you an order about what he wants you to do on the weekend, you can't knowingly take yourself out of the picture before then." Jacob tensed. It didn't seem right to order Leah to do anything. Sam was usually pretty sparing with Alpha Orders. They had all had so many choices taken away from them already, but he knew exactly what would make Sam, who was ordinarily a good and fair leader, unreasonable and selfish. Imprinting. Woo-Woo stars and moonbeams love at first sight for wolves. Jacob wondered if the spirits had simply doubted the social skills of those with the shifter gene, because so far their choices made no sense whatsoever. Sam had been in a happy loving relationship with Leah until he imprinted on her cousin Emily. Then, bada-bing! Emily was it for Sam and he wanted to do whatever it took to make her happy. Leah, being a shifter and constantly stuck in Sam's head had to see the whole thing in technicolour. It was a disaster that had been followed by the pack's most flagrant womaniser, Paul, imprinting on Jacob's older sister. His sister . Quil had imprinted on a two year old, which, even if Quil's thoughts remained platonic, was undeniably creepy. Jared was the only wolf whose imprint didn't seem offensive to Jacob. He'd imprinted on Kim, a girl that sat next to him at school and was in love with him already. Even that was slightly off though. Kim and Jared had spoken hundreds of times and Jared had never paid the slightest bit of attention to her. It made Jacob uncomfortable that Jared's attitude towards a girl was so wholly altered by wolf magic. His non-relationship with Bella might have been a disaster, but at least it was built on shared experiences and grew over time. Imprinting was the opposite. The imprint was immediately the centre of the wolf's universe. The wolf was guided by an urgent need to protect the imprint and to give them their hearts desire. Jacob hated imprinting. Imprinted couples seemed to think that non-imprinted people didn't know anything about love. He had often heard Paul and Jared criticising Jacob's obsession with Bella on the basis that she was "not his imprint". They acted like that fact alone negated Jacob's hurt. It was infuriating. They took the same approach to Leah. They assumed that, because she could see the experience of imprinting first hand through the pack mind, she should be more sympathetic to Sam and Emily. Jacob knew full well that that it was possible to love someone like crazy without an imprint. Even now, a part of his mind was always on Bella, wondering if she was drawing her last breath. Wondering if she had turned into a monster. "Jacob?" Leah ventured, interrupting his thoughts. "I had no idea that Sam was such a butthead," Jacob answered, returning his mind to Leah's dilemma. "He's not," Leah moaned. "That's the problem. He's Sam . He'd do anything to make the girl he loves happy. He'd take on the whole world. I'm... just not that girl anymore." "Why did you agree to be maid of honour in the first place?" Jacob asked. "I never specifically agreed really. When we were little girls we had a pact that we would be each other's maid of honour. As nine year olds we didn't really think much about clarifying that the deal was void if on the big day we were both in love with the same person." Leah snorted. Jacob was surprised at the idea of Leah fantasising about her wedding as a little girl. She always seemed like one of the guys.