A/N: Thanks so much for all of you who have followed this series and stuck with it so far! I love all of you so much. I needed to get this up and started before I ended up not. Bear with me for this slightly long author note. For those of you who didn't notice, this is the third instalment in my Siriusly Changing Things series. The first part is Siriusly Changing Things, and the second is Sirius Tasks. Read those two first or this one won't make a lot of sense. I don't know how often this will be updated either, but I'll try and be fairly regular with this. Writers block will do that to you. I have some things planned out in my head, but I never seem to find the time to write them down. You would think that being on summer break would help me find time to write, but no, family and work get in the way of that. Oh well, I'll do what I can to update this often enough for you guys. Comments and reviews are much appreciated, they help me expand on the story, get ideas, and encourage me to write! Seriously, the more reviews I get, the faster I will update. Story warnings: male slash, and mentions of mpreg. Basic summary for a refresher: Emma Lance, a girl who loves the Harry Potter series finds herself in the Harry Potter universe one day. Filled with a need to save those lives she cares most about in this world, she starts making friends and changing the course of history. First goals, save Sirius Black and get him free. Along the way she makes friends and becomes family with Sirius, Remus, and Harry. Harry finds the presence of this young woman to only be a good thing and a positive change in his life. She brings chances that would have never happened before. Thanks to her his godfather is now a free man, and he's made some startling new friends. Harry actually gets along with Snape now and his potions grades have improved drastically. He's made a better friend in Neville than he would have ever thought. Ron's dwindling friendship might have hurt more and been an unexpected turn, but after fourth year, he wasn't that upset over it. He's even got a boyfriend now, a most unexpected Draco Malfoy. Luna Lovegood, Blaise Zabini, and the increased friendship with Fred and George are an added bonus. Harry knows none of this would have happened without Emma's influence. Now with the upcoming start of Harry's fifth year, things are starting to look up for him. Plans are in motion to get rid of Voldemort with as little casualty as possible. He's finally got a home where he belongs. And Harry's hoping his secret boyfriend doesn't stay secret for very much longer. All he has to do is navigate the errors of the ministry, horrid teachers, and a meddling headmaster. Oh, and let's not forget dealing with an insane murderous psychopath. Easy, right? P.S: Full moon! had to update today, you all know how I like to update on the full moon. Fun fact the June full moon is known in the states as the strawberry moon or the big leaf moon. Mmh, strawberry season. Sirius Order chapter 1 Leaving for Good "Are you really leaving? You're not coming back?" Harry glanced over at his door as it opened from his spot on his bed as Dudley came in, a pensive look on his cousin's face. It was more thought than he had ever seen on the other boy. "Glad to finally get rid of me Big D?" Harry asked using the nickname that Harry had heard Dudley's friends start to call him. Dudley shrugged. "It's different. I know mum and dad are glad that you are leaving. But you've been here all my life. Can't really say that I'll miss you, but it will be different." "Gee thanks Duds." Harry replied turning back on his back and rolling his eyes. Count on Dudley to act like he cares one second and then make such a blatant dismissal when talking to Harry all in one sentence. Though, if Harry thought about it, it wasn't like they had ever gotten along before. Nor had that changed this summer. Dudley was still freaked out over what happened last summer and had glared at Harry as if daring him to do something to him before storming out of the house. The effect was kind of lost on multiple reasons, the main two being that Dudley had a hand covering his mouth and backside while he glared and the other reason being that Dudley, despite being put on numerous diets, did not seem to have lost much weight. The hands and his size, just made Dudley seem a bit comical while he glared and left the house. For all Harry cared, he didn't see their relationship ever changing, even if he did stay and Dudley somehow managed to grow up. And now with less than a day left of his being here, Harry didn't see their relationship changing, and he really couldn't care. Not like Dudley's ever tried to be decent to Harry. No, Harry was just glad to get away from this house for good. Soon enough Harry heard his door close again, he had barely noticed that Dudley was still there given how quiet the other boy had been. He sighed and looked towards the ceiling. It had barely been two weeks since he had been back, but he couldn't wait to leave already. He had gotten a letter from Sirius and another from Amelia Bones saying that everything was filed and ready, all they needed was his Aunt and Uncle's signature and he was no longer their responsibility. Then Harry could finally leave. He wouldn't have to see his horrid relatives ever again. Frankly as far as Harry was concerned it wasn't fast enough. Sirius would be coming with Madame Bones with the papers in the morning. And then he was gone for good. Harry was thankful to Madame Bones, she was being a big help in this whole situation, doing the paperwork right and promising to file it all away as soon as it was signed so the records were private. Very few people would know that Harry had even changed residents and guardians this summer. Hopefully this would be able to be kept quite from Dumbledore for quite a while and he wouldn't be able to interfere. He sighed going back to thinking over Dudley's visit. It was odd for the other boy, normally by this time, Dudley had escaped the house and went to hang with his friends. Good for Harry, not so good for the other neighborhood kids. Harry had come across Dudley and his gang the few times that he felt like stepping out of the house. Though he stayed inside for the most part keeping up an illusion that he was barely going outside this summer. Since Emma had said in one of her letters that Dumbledore would have a few of his people, whatever that meant, watching Harry to make sure he was safe, Harry hadn't wanted to set up a routine of him being outside and then for him to suddenly disappear. He found it hilarious how his Aunt and Uncle refused to see what kind of person Dudley was becoming, if his cousin wasn't careful he could end up in serious trouble. Dudley and his friends were often out smoking and down by the roads and throwing rocks at passing cars. If they weren't doing that they was beating up some kid that managed to get on their wrong side. He was glad he was leaving, he didn't know if Dudley would have tried something on him had he stayed. He still remembered the Harry hunting from when he was little. Harry did not want a repeat of that. A little put out by this new train of thought he turns over in his bed and reaches under his pillow for the book he has stashed there. The one he had managed to hide before his uncle locked all his other things in the cupboard under the stairs. Just because he was going to be gone in a few days does not apparently mean he gets to keep his stuff. Fishing out a pen he opens his journal, the wonderful journal he treasures, because it is the paired journal that Draco got him for Christmas last year. Harry wonders if he had written anything new. Harry smiles to see that there is a new message, Draco just checking in and saying hi for the morning. He grins and begins to write a response. -Good morning. How are things going at your end? Harry waits for a while just staring at the open pages, he can't exactly expect Draco to be waiting by the journal all morning. He lay his head down while he waited thinking about how crazy the last year had been, not that he was complaining, there had been some decent outcomes to everything. Emma and her crazy life, coming out of nowhere, completely changing his life in a way he could hardly expect. But he loved her for it, she had become like a sister to him, and helped Sirius get free last summer. Now thanks to her, he had a family waiting for him, Sirius, Remus, and their twins. Plus, Emma herself and Snape were now included in his little makeshift family. Heck, even though Harry didn't want to admit it, Emma had even helped him get together with Draco. If it wasn't for her getting Draco and his mother involved then he would have never made up with Draco. If ever, it would have probably been years later, and that was not something Harry wanted to think about. He liked what he had now with Draco. With the way things had been headed between the two before Emma got involved, his and Draco's interactions probably would have just kept getting more and more violent. It was thanks to her that he got closer with Draco, and in an extended way, that he had made so many new friends last year. He doubted without her prompting that he would have gotten as close as he had with Neville, though the two certainly would have gotten close after Ron had abandoned him last year. But along with Draco came Blaise, and he was an interesting person to get to know and just fit in with the group surprisingly. Luna had been a pleasant surprise and was like a little sister that he just wanted to protect. Fred and George had also gotten closer over the last few months which had been great. Harry grinned when he noticed words appearing in the journal. - My father's friends are fucking arseholes. I swear Yaxley was fucking leering at me. The fucker is older than my father. The creep is careful not to look when my parents are watching, but I told my mother and she's livid. Why the hell can't he meet his creepy friends somewhere other than our house. I know some of them have nice enough manors. -Well if I ever see him, I'll be sure to curse him for you. And let your mother know I love her, she is one of the most amazing witch's I've ever met, bar McGonagall. -You are an amazing boyfriend. Yes, McGonagall is amazing, in a different way than my mother of course, but your head of house and godmother is respected for a reason. Even Slytherins don't want to get on her bad side. I swear, her and Severus are more respected in school than even Dumbledore. Harry grinned at Draco's response. He wasn't exactly happy that some old friend of Draco's father was looking at his boyfriend, Harry was glad that so far Draco