It was, up to that point, an ordinary week. A good week even… a progressive week. Yes, only that morning the largest insta-swamp yet had appeared in the main courtyard, and yes, Trelawney had found an alligator in her classroom on Wednesday, but nobody had blown up a toilet, none of the first years had turned into hippopotamuses in the corridor, and Seamus Finnigan had not set himself on fire even once. Someone - McGonagall suspected several someones - had been testing new Weasley Wheezes products and generally wreaking havoc all that year, but neither McGongall nor the other professors had the heart to put a stop to it. The students seemed to enjoy having new and strange things turn up at Hogwarts on a weekly basis; anything that put a smile on their faces after the events of the previous year was a good thing in McGonagall's books. And it was funny when Ron Weasley couldn't stop tap dancing for two days, even if they did have to send him to St Mungo's in the end. McGonagall hoped the pranks were calming down for the upcoming visit of delegates from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. An important visit, and the students damn well knew it. The preparations had been in place for months; McGonagall was double checking last minute details now. Tweaking the week-long schedule, ensuring all requests would be met, double checking spell procedures. They'd be putting up a three-layer defence shield over Hogwarts which with the strongest magic from all three schools of magic; the original shield - put up by the founders themselves - had been destroyed by Voldemort, and whilst the Aurors had put up a strong shield after the battle, this would be more permanent, and only penetrable by someone with deep expertise in all three cultures of magic, so rare it was almost unthinkable. She was nearly at the end of her checklist and letters, and the April light was draping itself over her office in a way that made her want to go take a walk around the lake, or kick some Slytherin ass on the Quidditch pitch like she was sixteen. It had always been her favourite kind of light in all her years at Hogwarts: denser and warmer than winter light, but not as heavy as deep summer heat. There was one more thing she had to do before she could take that walk. She'd received a new application for the Potions' position. Snape's replacement was a lovely young woman called Eleanor Sweet, who was at this point unfortunately eight months pregnant, which meant a replacement had to be found for Snape's replacement. And Britain suddenly seemed devoid of decent Potions professors. So if she didn't find one soon, she'd have to hire the one with Snape's hair and Slughorn's drinking problem, which is an outcome nobody wanted. There was a knock and before McGonagall had time to answer, the door opened and a tray appeared through it, followed by the hearty figure of Lydia, Hogwart's new head cook. "Oh Minerva – I have such things to tell you – such things –" the woman started, setting the tray down on top of all of Minerva's papers and pouring tea into what she knew was McGonagall's favourite cup. McGonagall sighed. Usually, she loved Lydia's home-made peppermint tea, and the way she served it with a delicious slice of Hogwarts cake, cream and fresh gossip (a headmistress needs to know what is going on in her school, after all – every little detail), but she was so close to being finished – "Lydia, I really appreciate this –" "No, no, Minerva," she said, shoving a plate piled with cake into McGonagall's quill-less hand, "you must hear it –" "Lydia, really –" The woman smacked her hands down onto the table, looking at McGonagall with sheer determination. "Potter lost his virginity!" she cried shrilly. "In the prefects bathroom on the fifth floor! Everyone has gone absolutely gaga!" For a moment, McGonagall disbelieved her ears. Cake and quill hung suspended in the air. "But what... how..." "Moaning Myrtle!" said the cook, taking the quill out of the headmistress' frozen hand and replacing it with a spoon, "The whole school knows about it! It's chaos out there!" "Potter lost his virginity to Myrtle?" said McGonagall weakly. "Oh goodness no," the cook laughed, "How would that even work? No - she broke the news. Was floating around the castle, she was, all day, screaming about it. Didn't take long for it to catch on with the students – oh Minerva, do eat your cake before it gets cold – anyway, as I was saying, the everyone's got quite overexcited about it – dinner was such chaos we almost had to get you but it calmed down when we started with the detentions –" "Why wasn't I called?" said McGonagall, "if there was such disorder –" "Well you said you were not to be disturbed today, and the heads agreed we could quite handle it, you've got enough on your plate already." And with a self-satisfied air, she poured herself a cup of tea and sat down into one of the chairs around the desk. "But –" "Never mind that!" interrupted the portrait of Amrose Swott from the wall, "with whom did the boy do the deed?!" A number of the other portraits shouted out agreements of wishing to know, and the rest, all wide awake, nodded or simply listened with intent interest. McGonagall's gaze flicked to Dumbledore's portrait, and he gave a brief chortle, eyes glistening even in paint. "That's the thing!" Lydia gushed, "The wretched Myrtle girl won't tell! Said she promised she wouldn't!" "How can it be so," cried Antonia Creaseworthy's portrait, "that she'll tell the whole school that Potter – er, well – but not who with?" "Well of course we questioned the same thing!" exclaimed the cook, "she said that technically she didn't say that she wouldn't tell anyone that Potter had been playing brooms and Quidditch goals, only that she wouldn't tell anyone that the mystery person had been in the prefects bathroom with Potter!" At this, the portraits erupted into intense, scandalous discussion, and McGonagall sat back and started shovelling cake into her mouth out of desperation. "Getting off on a technicality? How peculiar!" Somebody's portrait asserted from the far end of the office. "She must really dislike that Potter to be so harsh to him! Poor boy, I say!" Someone else added. "My my, she must be friends with the girl who went swimming with Potter! Although I dare say I can't imagine they'd be on very good terms at the moment..." A third said. "But why!" cried Amrose Swott again, "I was under the impression Potter was seeing that Weasley girl!" "So was I, so was I!" cried Lydia right back, "but apparently not! In fact, she's not even in Britain at this very moment, is she, Minerva?" "She's in France with her brother and sister-in-law," confirmed McGonagall. She put her plate down and sat back into her chair. However much she didn't want to be, she had to admit she was just as curious as the rest of them as to who Potter had been seeing. "It couldn't possibly be Miss Granger, could it? I mean I know she and Weasley were seeing each other, but..." "Oh no no," said Lydia instantly, "Flitwick went to look for Potter the instant this whole thing began, see. He assumed he'd just ask him, and the boy would confirm it was just a rumour and this whole thing would be over and dealt with. But " - her voice dropped to a conspirator's whisper - "as he was around the corner from Potter and Granger, he overheard her telling him off for not being careful enough! And the Potter boy was swearing that he had been – that they had only used the bathroom when they were sure nobody else was going to , he said... and that was when Flitwick spotted Peeves, who had also overheard the conversation –" "Oh Merlin –" said McGonagall. "– And then the real chaos began..." Lydia was bright red in her excitement of such juicy going-ons. "Peeves loves a gossip as much as I! Anyway, it couldn't be the Granger girl – only last week Irma caught her kissing Weasley in the library – my, you should have heard her go on about it! Well, you know what Irma's like with her library and her books..." Minerva picked up her now-lukewarm cup of peppermint tea, pressed it to her lips and pressed herself as far down her chair as she could go without disappearing. There was absolutely no chance of getting any more work done tonight. Or that weekend, really. Or probably even that week. Lydia and the portraits chortled on. "We've got to deal with this as soon as possible," said McGonagall, "The delegates must hear as little as possible about the whole deal..." "Don't worry," said Lydia, stuffing some cake into her mouth, "kids are just very excitable. I'm sure it'll die down in no time." If there's such a thing as a bad-news hangover, McGonagall had one the following morning. When she awoke, the first thing that hit her, and hit her like a blinding headache, was the memory Potter and the Merlin-damned bathroom incident. What on earth had the boy been thinking? She got dressed and summoned her favourite house elf, Dumpy, with a quick flick of her wand. Dumpy was an extra pair of ears and eyes for McGonagall, and a rather good set too. An elf could innocently mind their own business cleaning up common rooms and staff rooms with all sorts of conversations going on in the background. They bid each other good morning, and then McGonagall asked if Dumpy had heard anything of use. "No, Mistress," said the elf, "nobody outside Potter's closest friendship group knows what happened, or with whom it happened. Many rumours, but an aged house elf knows rumour from truth alright. And Dumpy can't get anywhere near Potter's friends without zipped lips - the Granger girl knows Dumpy acts as your personal aide. It seems that she has instructed the others to not speak a peep around Dumpy or the other elves." McGonagall nodded. She thought that might be the case. "Thank you Dumpy, I appreciate your help in these matters." She fished a few sour toffees out of a nearby draw for Dumpy as the elf added: "Mistress - the other elves have told Dumpy, and Dumpy has seen with his own eyes - that the students are acting like what Professor Snape used to call thems…" "Imbeciles?" said McGonagall automatically. "An uncontrolled pack of rabid pixies," Corrected Dumpy. McGonagall sighed, and let Dumpy go with his sour toffees. She popped one in her own mouth and looked in the mirror before she left her bedroom. Pursed lips, narrowed eyes, terrifying finger wag. Good. Itinerary of the day was as such: stare down students over breakfast; finalise the menu for the grand ball at the end of the ambassadors' stay; stare down students in the corridors; deal with a few troubled kids; reply to letters; stare down students over dinner; do her weekly check-up on all the house elves, and do the weekly round-up of gossip and other things-you-ought-to-know. Saturday night was always spent squeezing news out of professors and Hogwarts staff. No such thing as knowing too much about what was going on in one's own school. Moving to her office, she opened letters for a few minutes before breakfast, waiting for the knock. It came bang on 8 o'clock, as prescribed. "Good morning Mr Malfoy, how are you?" she said, as Malfoy entered. He was dressed in his usual uptight black robes. They exchanged formalities and McGonagall offered him a pot of floo powder, of which he took a handful. "What time should I be back?" he asked. "Between