Disclaimer :- I do not own Twilight, or anything Twilight related, that all belongs to Stephanie Meyer…I do, however, own this completely kick-ass story! Hi guys, so here is my shot at a new story…I don't have it all completely written out, in fact it's a chapter at a time, but if I have any little brain nuggets in between the beginning and the end, then I have the room to try to fit them in. So, I hope you enjoy, and please let me know how I'm doing! Enjoy! Chapter 1... BPOV I could feel it - wet and hot. I felt dirty, like I was unclean and infected. I felt sick. The air around me was getting thicker. Denser. I couldn't feel my legs or my arms. I felt completely powerless. My head was fuzzy and my limbs felt like lead weights. "I hate you so much Bella...I despise everything about you..." The footsteps were getting closer and closer again..."This is what you can call your payback, you nasty, vindictive little..." Beep! - Beep! - Beep! My alarm pulled me out of my unsettled slumber and brought me back to reality. And I couldn't have been happier. The familiar feel of my sweat covered body tells me that it had been the same sickening dream, closing towards the same sickening ending - had my alarm not gone off, Jackson would probably be shaking me awake again. Not feeling like moving, but knowing I would have to, I threw off my duvet before I had chance to change my mind. Yep, I'm always my own worst enemy. Feeling the cold morning air setting my whole body alight, I swung my legs out and padded across the laminate floor to my window. Throwing open the heavy curtains, a beautiful sight lay before me, and yet it didn't completely take away the ache in my heart from my haunting dream. I turned and made my way through the to the kitchen. I flicked the kettle on, and found a cup in the 'Kitchen' box, before also digging out a spoon and the teabags. Jackson had stocked me up the night before, adding milk to my fridge. He knew I couldn't function without a cup of tea in the morning. As I sat on one of the stools that came almost to my waist, I looked around and sighed. This place felt different - this one actually felt like a new start. I thought about all of the horrible things we had now left in the past - yep, I also liked to mentally torture myself too - and of all of the wonderful things that we could do in this amazing city. New York City - our new home! "Bella?" The strong voice came from down the hall. The familiar sound making my heart warm and I felt instantly safe. "In the kitchen" I called back, as I hopped off the stool and quickly rinsed out my cup, before putting it on the drainer. "Hey! There you are" Jackson stood in the doorway of the kitchen, arms folded, leaning his shoulder against the door frame. He looked pretty hot in his jeans and black fitted t-shirt. Teamed with his jet black hair and all-American boy-next-door good looks, he was a winner in any same girl's book. Unfortunately, the thought also grossed me out at the same time, and I silently face-palmed myself for even letting my mind wander there. If he wasn't like a big brother to me, I may actually fancy him - but he is, and so therefore, I don't! And I just proved that to myself by being stood in the middle of my kitchen in a tank top and shorts bed set in front of him, and not batting an eyelash. "So, what's the plan for today?" "Well, I was hoping to get the rooms secure today, if you wouldn't mind? It shouldn't take long, the security company who installed everything are the best in town I hear" and I laughed at my own sad excuse for a joke. "Please don't tell me that it's Swan Securities...I've heard really terrible things about them you know" I tried to keep my face straight. "Oh really? What have you heard?" He used his most innocent of faces before he answered. "Well, rumour has it that they are a bunch of cowboys...their work is really shoddy...and you want to hear the worst part? Their boss is totally useless at her job. Always slacking off and cavorting with the male staff. It's disgraceful really!" He did well keeping it so together throughout his little speech, but lost bonus points for cracking up before finishing the end. His laughing mirrored my own, and I thought on how I love these times with Jackson. It just reminded me what a special person he truly is. "Well, I'll be sure to be having a word with her next time I use them for work" I assured him. "Oh, can you also please check that the cameras are ready to roll? I don't want to take any chances" I finished somewhat seriously. "Of course Bella, no worries" and I really didn't. Not when Jackson was around. He was my safety net. "I was thinking that I could take you to lunch later too? I ran past a great little place on my jogging route this morning...call it a 'welcome to the neighbourhood' lunch" he smiled. "But you are new to the neighbourhood too...how can you be welcoming me to it?" I laughed "Well, OK then, it can be a 'welcome to the neighbourhood' lunch for both of us then" I laughed again, this time at his floored logic, and upbeat attitude. How could I possibly resist? "Yeah, sure. That sounds good. But right now, I'm going to take a shower and get changed, then I'm going to get started on Bree's room. I want her stuff to be unpacked and ready by the time she arrives tomorrow" I said excitedly. "If none of the rest of the apartment is finished, at least she will have her room to hang out in" He nodded quickly, and grabbed a box of surveillance equipment, heading in the opposite direction. Running to the bathroom, I showered quickly, not really bothering to let the hot water unwind me after that stressful dream. Once I was done, I made my way into my room, dressing in a vest top, old battered jeans and slipped into my converse. Tying my hair into a loose and messy bun, I made work on Bree's boxes of belongings. They were covered in stickers, and glitter and drawings, and I smiled, remembering how I watched her excitedly decorate her own personal moving boxes. Yes, she liked to make things her own, that girl! I made up her bed, which Jackson had put together for me, and hung up her clothes in her new wardrobe - which Jackson also assembled. I had assured him that I was more than capable of knocking together a few bits of wood, but Jackson being the man that he was said that there is no way on Earth a lady is doing DIY whilst he is around. I think I may have to keep this man forever! All of Bree's teddies had been bunched together at the foot of her bed, and her white furry rug looked so snug and comfortable. It had taken me forever to hang up all of her clothes too - that girl has far too many dresses, it was crazy. Note to self - send half of our clothes to Goodwill, then we may actually have room to breathe! The baby pink curtains hung against the window, overlooking Central Park. When I bought the apartment, I knew I wanted one overlooking the park - and obviously money was not a problem. It was such a beautiful and wonderful place. I know Bree would just love being able to take strolls in there, or have a picnic, or even ice skate. I could feel myself getting excited about our future together- Bree and I needed a new start and New York had good vibes. And, speaking of Bree, I was also getting nervous and anxious...I pulled out my phone and dialled Rose's number - well, I say dialled, I actually have her, Jackson, Jasper and Jake on speed dial - you know, just in case... Four rings...five rings...six... "Hello?" "Rose! Where have you been? What took you so long?" I panicked. "Is everything alright? Is Bree..." "Whoa! Bella, calm down! You are seriously going to go grey if you are not careful" "Very funny" I said, without a trace of humour, "Is Bree ok?" She sighed. "Yes, she's fine. She always is with us honey, you know that" "I know, I'm sorry. I just..." "Hey", she cut across, "It's ok. We understand, both of us. Jasper and I come to expect you to be a little crazy where Bree is concerned. You have been since she was a baby. Don't worry, we will be there by lunchtime tomorrow sweetheart" "Thanks Rose. I really appreciate you and Jazz more than I can tell you. You have no idea" "Oh, I think we do...after all, you have booked us into the Four Seasons tonight. You really didn't have to do that you know Bella" Now it was my turn to sigh. "Yes, I did, and you know one of the main reasons why too. Listen, would you put Bree on please?" "Yep, just a moment...ok, go!" I took a deep breath. "Hey baby, it's me. I sure do miss you, so hurry over here, ok? I've just put your room together, and you are going to love it. You can see the park, and everything. And we have a huge apartment, so we can play games and have sleepovers with Rose, and do whatever you want. Does that sound good? So, you just be a good girl for Aunt Rose and Uncle Jasper, and i'll see you tomorrow, ok Angel? I love you Bree". A tear slipped down my cheek, as I thought of my little darling. She was my everything. My whole world. "Hey, it's me babe" came Jasper's beautiful Southern drawl. "You ok?" "Yeah, I'm just being a stupid, emotional, hormonal woman" and I laughed a little, to break off my tension. "Is Bree still there?" "No, she's waiting in line with Rose. I think she's ordered the entire menu" he laughed. "I swear, that kid has hollow legs. I've never seen anyone that little, eat so much". I laughed at his very accurate observation - Bree could eat so much for someone so small - and I made a mental note to stock up the fridge and cupboards before they arrive tomorrow. "And, are you sure you don't mind Rose and I staying with you guys for a few weeks, just until we get an apartment sorted?" "Jazz, I would have you both living with us permanently if I thought I had any chance of talking you both into it. You know that. You have done more for Bree and I than I could ever say - I would be honoured to have you both" I said sincerely. I owed this man so much more than just an apartment. But obviously the Whitlock-Hales would not accept my gift of an apartment - even though I had offered to buy them one each as a thank you for all they have done over the years. But no, no dice! "Well, you know you mean so much to us too, darlin'. Dang, we are even moving to the Big Apple to be with you two, so don't think you are getting rid of us in a hurry" he chuckled to himself. "Anyway, we got to go, our food has just arrived" "Ok, well, let me know when you arrive at the hotel, ok?" I asked. "Sure thing Bella"