Chapter One: Suffering Bastard **ACITD** I saw her for the first time when I ran out to get maraschino cherries for the bar. I put cherries on the order last week and they arrived on Wednesday same as always. But by Sunday they were history; a casualty of three bachelorette parties, where celebratory women of all shapes, sizes and ages had tossed back over ninety cosmopolitan's within a span of two hours. I blame this Cosmo shit totally on the Sex and the City crap that all the girls were crazy about a few years back. Honestly, these damn drinks have been the cause of more break ups, hook ups, and knock ups over the past ten years than I care to count. Because , let's face it, they're nothing but pure alcohol with just a tiny splash of cranberry juice to make them look pretty. That is if you know how to make them right. And believe me ... I know how to make them right. I've been a bar-keep ever since my old man died and left me this joint. It's what I do, and I do it well, even though it was his dream and not mine. But that's another story. As for this story, well, it all started last Saturday night. I was standing behind the bar mixing up another batch of those damn Cosmos when I heard the front door open with a loud bang. I looked up, startled, to see a young guy with a popped up collar and worried eyes rush inside. He seemed to be in a big panic. I saw him mutter something to Mike, our bouncer, who gave me the look . I followed his gaze to a group of girls who were celebrating the impending marriage of their sorority sister … Phi Gama Drama Lama or some crap name like that. I can't remember off-hand what the name was but I knew from the way my neck tingled, that they were going to be trouble the minute they entered the bar. A good barkeeper always knows when there's gonna be trouble, it's that hinky feeling that begins in the neck and spreads like a virus throughout your whole body. That feeling doesn't normally go away until the first punch or the cops show up. I tried to ignore it because I was too busy to give it much thought and these girls were spending money and leaving good tips. But I know trouble when I see it, even when it's disguised in a pink and green Lily dress. That I even know the brand Lily is a sad statement about me. It comes from living on Cape Cod, I guess. Anyway, I handed the fresh batch of Cosmos to Angela, mixed up a batch of Dirty Martinis, and then let out a little sigh. This sort of thing is common on a Saturday night in June. Fucking pre-wedding jitters and dramas … they usually mounted to nothing, but I kept my phone nearby just in case. I strained my ears just a little to see what the hell was going on, and overheard the panicky would-be groom explaining to Mike that he had received an upsetting text from the soon to be Maid of Honor informing him he needed to get his ass down here pronto. He stammered out in a huff that his buddies were super pissed that he had to leave . Poor bastard never even got to enjoy the first toast of the night, I thought to myself. Mike pointed him towards a group of girls and he carefully nudged his way towards them. I strained my ears a little harder and could hear them wailing. 'Lauren! Oh my God! Are you all right? Oh, shit … look Pookie, she's on the floor. Again!' I let out a groan and slammed the shaker down on the bar with a thud; this was going to be be a long- ass night. I removed my apron, walked casually over to the throng of girls, and peered over their heads. Being six-foot two has its perks, I guess, although being given a bird's-eye view of that scene wasn't one of them. On the floor lay his fiancée, sprawled face down, in a sopping mess of cranberry colored vomit. A cheap makeshift veil (that looked like a hot glue gun had gone wild with a twenty-five dollar gift certificate from Michael's) billowed around her body. The image was grotesque, but fascinating. Seeing her sprawled on the floor surrounded by the veil made me think back to a short story I had to read in High School. What was it called? A Rose for … eh, somebody. I can't remember the name, but Faulkner wrote it, I do remember that. I saw her fiancée catch my eye, and he shot me a piercing look. I picked up my cell phone and raised my brow, questioningly; Christ I hoped I didn't need to call 911. He shook his head curtly, and I sighed in relief. I wasn't in the mood for an expensive lawsuit, thank-you- very much. 'Excuse me … coming through!' I was practically laid flat on my ass when a redheaded beanpole knocked into me as she dashed towards the restroom with her hand over her mouth. 'Wait, Bitsy…I'll hold your hair for you!' cried a petite blonde who sprinted after her. Bitsy my ass; this chick was at least six-foot tall. Her parents must have been either incredibly hopeful or extremely ironic. But most likely they were being simply pretentious, I thought to myself sarcastically. All of these chicks looked like they came from the manor born. If only Mummy and Daddy could see them now. 'Bunny… I've gotta go too!' shouted a slightly bigger girl, the only one in the crowd with any meat on her. Her thighs were massive and practically screamed: Captain of the field hockey team here … now get the hell out of my way before I mistake you for a puck! Oh for fuck's sake, these girls must have come in here half lit; I'd only filled their glasses once. I let out another sigh as I recalled that they had all ordered the pre-requisite Cosmos. Damn that stupid Sex in the City for starting this trend. I mean, these chicks were nothing but a bunch of skinny pickles dressed in short shorts; lightweights, the whole lot of them. (The exception being the hockey player, whom I'd already nicknamed, The Bone-Crusher.) They should have stuck to wine spritzers or hard lemonades. I shook my head in disgust and I wondered for the umpteenth time why it was that women always dieted off all their curves. I get that they don't want to be fat, but why do they want to look like a skeleton with skin stretched over it? None of these girls ever ordered food. Like, ever. Unless it was a salad with balsamic vinaigrette, then yeah, they'd place an order. 'But only if you use light olive oil, but put it on the side. Oh, and hold the croutons' When this ridiculous rabbit food arrives, they remove this and that and pick at it like they're being forced to eat shit. Christ-all of them could use a hamburger, or a hundred, in my opinion. 'Bleh,' the hapless bride to-be retched, and I watched in horror as another flood of pink puke pooled on the floor. Shit; I'll be staying up late scrubbing the floor on my hands and knees tonight, I remember thinking to myself. 'You sure you know what you're getting yourself into, Dude?' I asked her fiancé' when he scooped up his bride-to-be off the sodden dance floor. She let out a big hiccup and began to sob. He placed her over his shoulder and looked at me. My remark was meant to be playful, but the tone sounded mocking, even to my own ears. I tried to soften up the bitterness by flashing him a grin and a small wink. I felt as phony as I probably looked. He glanced at me with a rue smile. His girl squirmed against him, and I watched in disgust as her mouth dripped a stream of pink, sour-smelling bile down his blue button down shirt. Preppy asshole, I thought to myself. Christ with a polo stick; this town is full of them. Every summer Cape Cod becomes their personal little playground, and they all look like they stepped out of a Ralph Lauren ad or a Brooks Brothers catalogue. Honestly, I'd like to strangle the lot of them with their Joseph A. Banks suspenders and deliver them home to Mummy all tied up nice and pretty with a perky little bow tie from Vineyard Vines. You know the kind I'm talking about, they have miniature red lobsters or black labs printed all over them. 'Urrrp!' I heard her let out a little burp and a few more hiccups. 'I knew you'd rescue me. You're my hero, my big beeyootiful handsome hero. I really, really love you Tripp.' Tripp Well that fucking figures. He probably has a rich father named Skip, and an even richer grandfather named Biff. Three generations of preppy assholes. What a legacy. I heard him chuckle as he shifted her gently in his arms and patted her back soothingly. ' HaveyougotmeTripper?' she muttered into his neck and closed her eyes. Her hand fell by his side and I noticed the diamond that dwarfed her left finger. It was big, square, and so damn shiny that a rainbow arced from her hand to the glasses over the bar. A fucking Kodak memory if there ever was one. I wondered if I should take a picture of this pre-wedding moment and send it to Town and Country Magazine for their Social column. I let out a little snicker, then stopped. I saw him and the way he looked at her. I watched silently as his eyes grew tender and soft. I noticed the way his large, well-groomed hand splayed protectively on her back, and the small smile that danced across his face as he touched her hair. My throat went tight for a second as I caught the almost reverent way his lips pressed to her temple when he murmured, 'I've got you baby.' They were almost out the door, when he suddenly stopped and turned around. His eyes caught my stare, and he gave me a pointed look. ' I know exactly what I'm getting myself into, "Dude," he said in a quiet voice. He gave me a smile that looked a lot like pity as he strode out the door with his girl tucked safely in his arms. I watched him press his lips gently to the back of her neck as the door slowly closed on their silhouette, effectively shutting me out. I felt something then; a burning feeling in my chest that caused my heart to pound uncomfortably. I walked back over to the bar and reached under the counter for the Tums I kept there in case Mrs. Cope's nightly special got to my stomach. The woman was a wonderful, if experimental cook. She's worked for me in a variety of jobs ever since Pop died. But sometimes her cooking experiments got a little out of control, especially when they involved cayenne or jalapeños. I popped a few tablets into my mouth and began to chew on them furiously hoping to stop the churning sensation. But it was pointless really, because after a few minutes my head started taking over and that's when I finally realized that the bile forming in my throat had nothing to do with what I'd eaten for supper. I stopped what I was doing and looked at myself hard in the mirrored glass of the bar. It was written all over my face. Jealousy … I was jealous. Oh don't get me wrong, it wasn't because I was interested in