1- The Three Black Sisters " Andromeda, hurry up! Bellatrix and Narcissa are already down here! " Druella Black shouted through one of the expansive hallways of Black Manor on the morning of September first. Andromeda Black was running late. She was hurrying around her bedroom, bewitching all of her robes and schoolbooks into her trunk at a ridiculous speed. She knew she should have packed the night before, but she had stayed up late convincing Narcissa that starting Hogwarts would definitely be a good thing. Now she could almost hear her mother's irritation. Druella Black did not like her children to keep her waiting. In fact, Druella didn't like anyone to keep her waiting. She was one of the harshest women that Andromeda knew. As her last Slytherin robe fluttered into the trunk, Andromeda waved her wand and followed her now levitating trunk out the door and down the stairs. " Honestly Andromeda" her mother said irritably when she came down the stairs in her jumper, " You're going to make your sisters late" " Sorry Mum" Andromeda said sheepishly, her trunk placing itself next to the other two in the sitting. The other two Black sisters, Bellatrix and Narcissa were standing next to their mother, having been waiting for Andromeda to come downstairs. Andromeda hoped her mother wasn't too upset with her. Out of all three of her daughters. Druella was always the most critical and harsh with Andromeda. Perhaps it was because she was the middle child, or perhaps it was something else. Andromeda never knew, but she learned early that it was best to never get on her mother's bad side. Bellatrix looked at Andromeda wistfully, " Leave her alone, Mum. She's here now" Andromeda smiled at Bellatrix, " Thank you, Bella" she told her. Meanwhile Narcissa was bouncing slightly. She was obviously nervous. She would be starting Hogwarts today. " Will you stop bouncing, Cissy?" Bellatrix said turning to her quickly, " It's Hogwarts, you'll be fine" Narcissa bit her lip nervously. Andromeda couldn't help but notice the differences between Bellatrix and Narcissa's appearances when they stood together like that. They were both beautiful. All of the Black girls were. But Bellatrix was a dark beauty. With a massive amount of black curly hair and very sharp features. She always looked up at people from beneath her heavily lidded eyes, and her look could be describes as nothing short of a vicious pretty. Andromeda and Bellatrix looked quite similar. If it wasn't for Andromeda's straight hair and tanned skin, she and Bellatrix could be twins. Even despite the year age difference. Sometimes it was hard to tell Bellatrix was a year older. Narcissa however, was the opposite. She had a head full of white blonde hair and a rosy complexion. She was the essence of white, looking like the complete opposite of Bellatrix. All three of the Black girls were exceptionally beautiful. Something that had pleased their parents immensely. Now there was no need for Cygnus and Druella to worry. Of course with beauty and breeding like their daughters had, there would be no reason that they wouldn't marry respectable pureblood wizards. " Alright" Druella Black said extending out both her arms, " Come on, no need to be any later than we already are" Andromeda clutched onto her mother's right arm, as Bellatrix and Narcissa clutched the other one. Andromeda couldn't wait until she was old enough to apparate. She only had to wait a year, and then she wouldn't have to depend on her mother to make sure she got to Kings Cross on time every year. She felt the familiar tug behind her navel as the four women apparated to Platform 9 ¾. When they landed next to the scarlet train, luggage in tow, Andromeda straightened her sweater and smiled. She loved the Platform on the September first. The beginning of the year was her favorite time. She couldn't believe she would finally be starting her sixth year at Hogwarts. " So you three will behave won't this year won't you?" Druella asked her three daughters, eyeing them all with a look of sincerity that they had seen quite often from her. The three girls nodded. Andromeda wasn't worried. She had never done anything wrong at Hogwarts. She was a prefect and her marks were always perfect. She had entered her sixth year having received outstandings in every subject. " I'm talking to you, Bellatrix" Druella said eyeing her curly haired daughter carefully. Bellatrix sighed, " Yes, mother" " And Narcissa, don't worry" Druella said eyeing her youngest daughter, " You'll be sorted into Slytherin, all Blacks are" " Not Sirius" Bellatrix pointed out with a cold smile. Druella sighed and another woman joined them. It was the girl's aunt and Sirius' mother, Walburga. " Do not remind me, Bella" Aunt Walburga said kissing Druella on the cheek in greeting. " Hello Andromeda" Aunt Walburga said to her, " you're looking radiant" Andromeda smiled. She loved her aunt Walburga. " Thank you, Auntie" she said happily, giving her a hug. " You're a good girl. Narcissa" Aunt Walburga told the youngest Black daughter, " I have my every confidence that you'll join your sisters in Slytherin" Narcissa smiled happily. Andromeda was sure that her aunt's words had helped to calm her sister. " Regulus is over there, Cissy dear. Why don't you join him?" Aunt Walburga said, " you two can chat about Slytherin on the train" Narcissa nodded and joined their cousin Regulus, who was also an incoming first year. Bellatrix had already disappeared into the crowd, no doubt joining her friends. She was in her final year at Hogwarts, and even still Bellatrix refused to give into the traditional things like saying goodbye to their mother. Andromeda scanned the crowd looking for her own friends. She spotted her two closest friends Alicia Nott and and Emma Vanity. " Mom, I see Alicia and Emma" Andromeda told her. Druella nodded, " Go ahead, have a good term" she said kissing her eldest daughter's cheek. Andromeda waved goodbye and ran over to the girls. " Andy!" Alicia called happily as she pulled her into a hug. Emma smiled brightly. Both Alicia and Emma had been Andromeda's best friends since first year. She had known Alicia since they were little. Their mother's had always encouraged their friendship. And she had met Emma in the dormitory six years ago. Both girls came from Pureblood Slytherin families, just like she did. " How have you been? How was your summer?" Andromeda asked them both. Alicia smiled, " I spent almost the entire summer with Evan" Emma grinned, " You two are adorable" Alicia had been going out with Evan Rosier, a fellow Slytherin, for several years and they were very close. Most of the people who knew them. knew that one day the two would end up married, something that both of their parents would be exceptionally pleased with. Andromeda smiled. She was happy that Alicia and Evan were able to sort everything out. They had been fighting quite a bit the year before. " What about you, Emma?" she asked her other friend. Emma frowned, " I spent the entire summer watching Linus, my mom thought it would be good practice for when I had my own kid" she said rolling her eyes. Emma's mother was obsessed with the idea of Emma becoming a good pureblood wife and having as many children as possible, so she often had her watch her younger brother Linus for practice. " Come on," Alicia said looking at the dwindling crowd on the platform, " let's go find a compartment before all the good one's are gone" Andromeda followed her and Emma onto the train, scanning all the platforms looking for empty ones. " No, not that one" Alicia said to Emma, " It's full of Gryffindors" " Ugh," Emma said wrinkling her nose at the group of scarlet clad sixth years. They passed several more compartments. Andromeda saw lot's of people in her own year, but Alicia and Emma didn't want to sit with anyone except Slytherins. They stopped when they got to a compartment that had only had five other people in it. Andromeda smiled at the people that were in it. They were her fellow Slytherin sixth years. Evan Rosier, Rabastan Lestrange, Tobias Bulstrode, Thomas Avery, and Erasmus McNair. Alicia trotted into the compartment and sat down next to Evan immediately. Emma sat down next to her and Andromeda followed her. " Hello Andromeda" Rabastan said smiling at her. Andromeda grinned. Rabastan was extremely handsome. She had known him his whole life and it was common knowledge that their parent's hoped they would get together. Andromeda could think of nothing better. When Rabastan smiled at her, she felt her heart beat faster. " How did you guys get such a good compartment?" she asked them, gesturing to the compartment which was easily the largest one on the train. Erasmus smiled and nudged Rabastan. " We got it from a group of Mudbloods" Rabastan said, " they even tried to fight us for it. It was too easy" Everyone in the common room laughed, but Andromeda felt a knot in her stomach. She was a pureblood, and she had spent her entire life around people who believed that 'muggleborns' or Mudbloods as they were more often referred to in this company, should be eradicated. Andromeda didn't know how she felt about this. She knew that her family believed this wholeheartedly, and she didn't like to disagree with them, but she couldn't see what was so wrong with muggleborns. But she never voiced this opinion. Andromeda and most of the people she spent her time with were all apart of the sacred twenty eight. The only true pureblood families left in the wizarding world. Everyone she spent her time with thought muggleborns were scum, and that the only good kind of wizard was a Pureblood. So Andromeda had just learned to adopt these ideals. It was easier than trying to question them. Besides, she was a Black. She and her sisters were regarded as being the most influential Pureblood family at Hogwarts, and that came with certain obligations to the family. Obligations that Andromeda knew were her responsibility to follow. " So Andromeda," Rabastan said, " I saw your little sister on the train earlier, is she being sorted today?" Andromeda nodded happily, " Yeah, I'm so excited for her" Rabastan smiled at her and she felt like her stomach flip excitedly. " I hope she's in Slytherin" he said. " As if she'd be in any other house" Emma said with a wide smile. Andromeda was comforted by the fact that all of her friends agreed that there was no other house her sister would be in. Every Black for the last three centuries had been a Slytherin. There was simply no other option for a member of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Black. Slytherin was, in Andromeda's opinion, the best house at Hogwarts. The Hufflepuff's were useless, known for doing nothing. The Ravenclaw's were too smart for their own good, their pretentious nature kept them from going far. And the Gryffindors, well though they all claimed to be the bravest at Hogwarts, had a nasty habit of just being flashy. Slytherins knew how to get far. They could take any situation and have it benefit them. Something that Andromeda thought, more people should learn how to do. She couldn't imagine what would happen if Narcissa was sorted into any other house. All she could think about was how Sirius was treated. His whole family despised him for betraying the Black tradition of Slytherin house. As much as Andromeda loved Slytherin, she couldn't help but think it wasn't Sirius' fault he was in Gryffindor. Either way, she hoped Narcissa wouldn't have to worry about it. "... so then when we asked the wizard what it