This is just a little angsty something for Halloweentime :) Angel from Montgomery by Bonnie Rait I Burn For You by Sting The rain pounded on my skin as I darted through the thick foliage. I could see Rose's golden hair whip behind her as she darted in front of me, throwing a smile my way as she overtook me. Emmett was lumbering behind us still, his steps heavy and deliberate. Carlisle and awake were even further behind us, content to hold hands and watch us race in the rain. Rose was laughing, standing at the edge of the cliff and dancing like a goddess of joy. I stopped short and allowed Emmett to pass my by, race forgotten, as he scooped her into his arms. They embraced in the downpour, laughing and spinning like children. Esme and Carlisle danced out of the forest and out onto the cliff, smiling at their silly children. I stayed in the trees, shielded from the rain. Esme and Carlisle quickly broke off and headed back to the house, practically skipping past me. The smiles on Emmett's face melted off as he stared at Rose, and I turned away quickly, before anything could develop. I spent the rest of my evening in a meadow outside of Forks, staring into the gorgeously clear night sky. It had cleared up so quickly, and would obviously be sunny during school, meaning we would have an extended weekend. But at night, when I could see the whole universe in the sky, all my other thoughts were erased. So much so I didn't even notice Rose approach in the early hours of the morning. Her hair was rumpled, and her jeans had grass stains on them, but she still looked absolutely perfect. She had never met Elezear so I couldn't be sure, but I suspected she had a gift that just manifested itself physically, same as Emmett. Emmett was stronger than any vampire I had ever met, and Rose more beautiful. Truly a perfect match. She collapsed on the grass next to me and reached out her hand to grasp mine, anchoring me to the grass so I wouldn't float away. If it were possible, I would have drifted off to sleep right then and there. The rising sun was warming my cold skin like I was a lizard resting on a warm rock, and Rose's steady breaths mixed with the sounds of an awakening forest was better than any music. The stars disappeared, replaced with a bright blue sky and shy, fluffy clouds drifting past us quickly. We just watched the sun move and enjoyed each other's presence for the entire time the sun was in the sky. Emmett had appeared at the edge of the meadow, but he disappeared with a smile after only a moment. Once the sun dipped below the tree line, we both got up. Rose hugged me tightly, placing her chin on my head, before she took off to find Emmett. I made my way into town, running through the forest that lined the streets. Sometimes, I craved human contact the way Carlisle did. We were both more sociable than most vampire, and I shared control around them that rivalled Carlisle's. I rarely experienced thirst so extreme it was uncomfortable, unless I myself hadn't fed in quite some time. I had figured the diner would be empty on a Tuesday night, but I could see a group of kids in huddled in two booths. I shook leaves off of my jacket and emerged from the trees, making sure that no one saw where I came from. Angela waved me over when she noticed me walk through the door. I scooted in next to her in the booth, careful to keep my skin covered. Lauren and Jessica were deep in conversation about shoes for prom. They didn't even seem to notice I had joined them until the waitress came by and took my order- black coffee, extra hot. Jessica leaned toward the middle of the table and squeezed her arms together, drawing the stares of Mike and Tyler at the next booth over. "Have you heard about the new students, Bella?" She asked, leading into a new line of gossip. Angela shrunk into the booth next to me, always one to be uncomfortable with Jessica and Lauren's favourite conversational topic. Lauren drilled her acrylic nails on the sticky booth, impatient to add her piece to whatever Jessica was about to say. I shook my head, even though I knew Jessica wasn't really asking a question. "Well, they're foster kids, Alice and Edward Masen. They're living with Chief Swan-" "And they're weird ." Lauren interjected meanly. She thought everyone was weird, me included. "How so?" I questioned. Forks hadn't had new students since my family came to town, and I knew how hard it is for us to fit in, much less humans who don't typically move so often. I vowed internally to befriend these Masen children. "Well, Alice came to school wearing butterfly wings and these strange high socks, for one. She even skipped down the hall." "She's cute, though," Eric threw in from the next table. "Yeah, but she shot Mike down like there was no tomorrow!" Tyler laughed, causing Mike's blood to rush to his ears. I swallowed some venom automatically, not even particularly noticing a slight burn in my throat. Jessica looked a little upset at the fact that Mike had been asking out anyone but her since he had given up pursuing me at the beginning of the summer. "Yeah she said she was 'waiting for someone'," Lauren threw up air quotes. "And that guy is straaaange," Jessica said, "even stranger than your family, Bella." I decided to take the comment as a joke, but I noticed kind Angela narrowing her eyes at Jess. I nodded as an indication for Jessica to continue when her eyes widened, realising what she had said. They were all still slightly uncomfortable around me, a natural response to my natural inner predator, even though people tended to be more comfortable around me than even Carlisle. "He's a little gross, and he was so mean! He was all quiet and rude and angry!" "Well, they're foster kids," Angela broke her silence, "you don't know what they've been through!" Angela spoke my thoughts. "Even still, it doesn't make him any less gross." Lauren ended the conversation just like that, switching to talking about some fashion line with Jessica. Everyone left the diner soon after, leaving me in the parking lot waiting for a "ride", shooing Mike Newton away when he wanted to wait with me, as if crime was running rampant in Forks. I decided to go home for the evening to shower, thinking of these new students that were staying with the chief. The night was spent reading and listening to loud music on my iPod in an attempt to tune out the nighttime activities of my family. Alone, once again. I never really minded school, but I was kind of looking forward to going and meeting Alice and Edward Masen. I felt like Jessica and Lauren, I wanted to know more about them. I knew how difficult it could be, moving around, not having a real family, going to a new school, and I honestly sympathised with them. If I could make them more comfortable in Forks by even a little, I would have done right by this existence. Rose and Emmett stormed downstairs late when morning finally rolled around, Rose insisting on driving. Gone was her jovial mood of the weekend, Rose turned back into the ice queen, hardening herself to prepare for school, and Emmett followed suit as much as Emmett could. I had wanted to be at school early, wanted to catch the Masens before they went to class. Instead, Rose pealed into the parking lot just in time for us to make it to homeroom, the tires on her BMW leaving tracks on the wet pavement as she rolled into the spot in front that no one dare park in. Luckily, I saw Alice Masen heading into my first period class. I rushed to get in right behind her and sit next to her, English being the only class without assigned seating. She wasn't wearing the butterfly wings Jessica had mentioned, but she was wearing mismatched knee-high socks over her leggings, an odd combination, but it kind of suited her. And she was adorable. She wore her hair in a cute pixie style, her eyes were gorgeously green and lined with charcoal, and she was so short and small I wanted to tuck her in my pocket and keep her safe. When I slipped into a seat next to her in the back of the room, she turned to me and gave me a bright smile. I was taken aback, no one warmed up to me quite so quickly. "Hello, Bella!" Her voice was like a little bell, and she seemed genuinely happy to be talking to me. "Hi, Alice, right? How do you know me?" She just waved her hand in the air, dismissing my question. "No matter. Now tell me, do you know any tall, blonde cowboys?" "Ummm, no?" Maybe she was a little odd. I didn't find it off-putting like everyone else seemed to, at least Alice Masen was interesting. Class started before we could talk any more, but Alice ended walking me to class, and pulled a promise out of me that I would sit with her at lunch. The way she phrased the question: 'sit with me at lunch?' rather than 'eat lunch with me?' was also a little odd. I pushed the thought from my head. Like a complete stranger who had been in town for a few days and had only known me for an hour could possibly know anything. I was actually looking forward to lunch, perhaps the hardest hour of the day for all of us. Hundreds of students, all excited and blood rushing, crammed into one room full of gross food. It wasn't exactly pleasant, but Alice Masen was intriguing, and I figured that her brother would also be interesting. Rose and Emmett decided to head into the parking lot for 'an afternoon snack' when I told them I wouldn't be sitting with them. I picked a table in the back of the cafeteria, and Alice entered and found me with no problem, pulling a sandwich out of a brown bag from her backpack. I had grabbed a banana when I walked in, and made a point to peel it and fake eating it. Alice gave me a weird look. "Oh, I wonder where Edward is!" She broke the silence to look about the cafeteria. I noticed Jessica and the table glaring over at me, clearly upset that I was sitting with the weird new kids. It was then that a new boy walked into the cafeteria. It was like the room had gone silent, even though I could still see mouths moving. He was tall, thin and pale, with soft, lightly pockmarked skin, a devastatingly angry expression, and the same brilliant emerald eyes as Alice. Logically, I knew it was Edward Masen, but I still gasped, "Who is that !" He pulled at his long, coppery hair as his eyes scanned the room. Alice jumped onto the seat and waved her hands excitedly at him. "That's my brother, Edward," Alice smiled knowingly. His expression softened and he unclenched his jaw when he noticed Alice, but the anger returned when he saw me sitting at the same table. He shuffled his feet and made his way over to us reluctantly. He dropped his bag carelessly and sat almost violently next to Alice, across from me. He pulled out a sandwich identical to Alice's and begun eating, pulling his shoulders together and slumping towards the table. Alice scrunched her nose at him, but turned and smiled at me again. I couldn't