A/N: I do not own the world that this story is written in, nor do I own 95% of the character's involved. That right belongs to the beloved Queen Rowling. That being said, the idea for this story came to me through a combination of things, the main one being the movie What to Expect When You're Expecting , though this is not a crossover. I hope you enjoy it! There's a whole lot more of story to come! ~Addy Broken Foundations Chapter 1 "I'm sorry, Rose. I don't like you like you like me." The memory, imprinted on her brain, haunting her dreams, began as it always did. Rose Weasley faced the boy she had harbored a crush on for more than four years, Scorpius Malfoy. She had just professed her love for him. The moment she heard the words from his mouth, her heart shattered. Of course he didn't like her. Why would he like her? She was a bookworm who loved chess and school and nothing more. He wasn't that into learning, more interested in Quidditch and pranks. But something had drawn her to him. Something had made her fall hard. Rose thought she knew every aspect of what happened that night at the end of her sixth year at Hogwarts. She had been through the dream enough times in the past eight years to claim so. Therefore, she was shocked when the memory-dream went in a completely different direction. Instead of running off, tears stinging her eyes, like she did all those years before, Rose unconsciously chose to stay. She watched Scorpius, more specifically his eyes. And the pain swimming in them was enough to cause her to question everything that happened between them. "Scorpius?" she attempted to call to the dream manifestation of him. "I'm sorry, Rose," Dream Scorpius whispered, barely loud enough for her to hear. "Sorry for what?" Dream Scorpius turned his back and walked away, headed toward the Slytherin common room. Rose tried to follow, but she was rooted to her spot. She felt her consciousness being pulled from the dream, and tried desperately to reach something that could keep her there, so she could follow Scorpius, but there was nothing in the desolate corridor she had dragged him to. Dazed, Rose opened her eyes slowly, her bedroom ceiling coming into view inch by inch. She was more than railroaded by the dream she just roused from. Stretching, she pulled the covers over her head and yawned. "Morning," called a familiar voice, one she had half a mind to murder for being in her bedroom so bloody early on her day off and without permission. Throwing the blanket from her head, she rasped, "What are you doing in my room, Al?" She was immensely glad that the night before had been a bit chilly, and she had chosen to wear pajamas to bed. "That doesn't sound like 'good morning, Albus.'" Rose glared at her cousin, who was perched on her windowsill, cup of tea in hand. "Oh, you'll get your 'good morning, Albus' when I show up in YOUR room at the crack of dawn." "Always so temperamental when you wake up, Rosie," Albus teased. "You'd think this morning would be a good one after what you were going on about in your sleep." Rose froze. How could he possibly know what she was dreaming of? She barely remembered the dream herself, just the ocean of pain behind Scorpius's eyes. "I don't know what you're talking about." "Don't lie, Rosie. You're not very good at it. You know full well what I'm talking about." Rose folded her arms over her chest. She refused to acknowledge that Albus was right. "Don't tell me what I know, Al. Or do you not remember what happened the last time you tried to pull that with me?" Albus merely chuckled. "No, I remember well, cousin. But I heard you saying his name, Scorpius. He was in your dream, wasn't he?" Silence fell between them. Rose looked away, chewing on her lower lip. "I knew it! What happened between you two? Things haven't been the same since the end of sixth year. You guys were practically attached at the hip back then. Have you even talked to him since we left Hogwarts?" Rose frowned. She hadn't talked to Scorpius at all in a really long time, partly because of how she left things with him, and partly because she was sure he hated her. "No," she muttered slowly. "I've just been busy." "Bull!" Albus barked, shaking his head. "That's rubbish, and you know it. Tell me, what did you do last night? Sit at home with me and my girlfriend when you could have gone out and had dinner with him." Rose definitely did not like the direction the conversation had taken, so she decided to change it. "How IS my lovely roommate? I assume she let you in?" Albus grinned wickedly, momentarily distracted. "She did . . . last night." "Oi!" groaned Rose. "Not something I needed to know, you bloody numpty. Keep your love life with my best friend to yourself." "Will do," he replied, chuckling. "And you're not getting away with that change of subject trick you tried to pull. I'm not letting this go, Rosie." Rose merely ignored him as she climbed out of her bed, and padded over to her wardrobe. She chose an outfit for the day, and turned back to Albus. "Scorpius made his bed," she muttered cryptically, before heading off to have a shower. Albus wondered what she meant by that. But he had an idea that it wasn't good, for his cousin had been close to tears when she brushed past him. He knew that he pushed too hard, but he only wanted happiness for the both of them. While Rose showered, Albus decided it best not to bring up Scorpius, at least for a little while. When Rose emerged, smelling much like her namesake, Albus had a cup of tea waiting for her. "You looked like you could use this," he mumbled, gesturing to the steaming mug in front of him. "Thank you." Rose had to admit, her annoying, idiotic cousin could be pretty awesome sometimes. She sat in front of him, and sipped slowly from the mug. "I'm sorry about earlier," Albus and Rose exclaimed at the same time, after a few moments of silence. They both burst into giggles, as if they were still children. "J-Jinx," Rose choked out. Albus pouted, attempting to con his way out of the silly Muggle game. "Oh, fine," Rose murmured, rolling her eyes. "You have my permission to speak." "Good. I was going to ask you something." Intrigued, Rose eyed Albus carefully. "Go on," she prompted. "Well, James's first Quidditch match of the season is today. I was wondering if you wanted to go with me." "Why aren't you taking your girlfriend?" "Because she has to work," Albus replied with a shrug. "And what makes you think I don't?" "It's half past ten, and you've only just woken a while ago. If you had to work, you'd have been up hours ago. Face it, Rose . . . the people around you know your schedule better than you do." He smiled satisfactorily. "When exactly did you find the time to pay so much darn attention to me," Rose questioned with a huff. "Between Kaydee and Auror training, you'd think your mind would be full up." Albus smirked. "It doesn't matter. Just say you'll go with me." "I don't know, Al," Rose muttered, wracking her brain for a reason why she shouldn't go. "Come on. Please?" Rose couldn't possibly say no to the face he was giving her. "Fine," she cried, exasperated. "But you're going to owe me, cousin, if I'm expected to take time out of my busy day of lounging around to go with you to a stupid Quidditch game." Albus chuckled. He knew that she had become an avid fan of the sport, and was probably itching to go. "Sure, whatever you say." Arriving at the Quidditch pitch, Rose had never felt more alive. There was something about the atmosphere at a Quidditch match that brought out the best in people. A genuine smile graced her face for the first time in a long while. "Let's go find some seats," Albus suggested. The pair of them wrestled their way through the crowd, some supporting the Tutshill Tornadoes, wearing sky blue clothing embroidered with double T's in a darker shade of blue. And some wore dark grey and white, with a falcon embossed across their chests, for the Falmouth Falcons. Rose, herself, was supporting her cousin, by wearing a Tornadoes T-shirt that James supplied her with for Christmas the year before. Once they settled on what they deemed the best seats they could find, Rose and Albus made themselves comfortable. Rose noticed that her cousin had begun to act very strange. She wasn't sure what was up with him, but didn't have the chance to ask, for the announcer cut her off. "Welcome, welcome, welcome!" boomed the announcer. "It is almost time to begin this Quidditch match! But first, let's introduce the teams! In grey and white, we have the amazing Falmouth Falcons!" Nearly half the crowd erupted, whistling and cheering. "Yes, yes, good luck Falcons! You're going to need it since you'll be facing the unbeatable Tutshill Tornadoes!" The rest of the crowd came to life. Rose jumped out of her seat, hollering and hooting, taking Albus by surprise. When she calmed down, she noticed Albus eyeing her. "What?" "Nothing," he murmured, shaking his head. Rose decided to ignore him, to not let him ruin her amazing mood. She watched intently as the players flew out onto the field. Studying them through Albus's binoculars, she came across one very familiar man. She couldn't quite place him, though, and it began to nag at her. Rose barely listened to the beginning of the game. Her eyes were glued to the familiar man's back, as he played the position of Chaser. His sky blue robes trailed behind him as he shot through the air, Quaffle tucked safely under his arm. She cheered when he scored through the center goal, after faking to the right. Albus smoothed a crease in his cloak nervously. "So, erm, Rose?" "Hmm?" muttered Rose, hardly paying any attention to him. "I . . . I was thinking of . . . I was thinking of asking Kaydee to marry me." His words tumbled from his mouth in a rush. A blush crept up the back up of his neck, making the fine hairs there raise. "That sounds great, Al," she murmured a million miles away, her mind in a completely different place. Albus glared at his cousin. He was irritated that she was so into the game and couldn't bother to take herself out of it for one moment and be happy for him. He noticed Rose's half smile, and followed her line of sight to see something he never would have imagined. Albus had made the wise choice not to tell Rose that James had gained himself a brand new teammate that year. He knew Rose would avoid the match like the plague if she knew his best friend, Scorpius Malfoy, had landed himself a spot on the team. The way Rose was staring after Scorpius made up Albus's mind once and for all. He was going to get the two of them together, even if it killed him. While Albus was formulating various plots to get the two of them together, Rose was wracking her brain trying to figure out why the mysterious man she couldn't keep her eyes off was so familiar. She went through a list of people she went to school with, because she was fairly certain they were close in age, that played Quidditch, and more specifically, the position of Chaser. Her mind hit a brick wall, and she