In a clearing of thedense woods of Tuckborough, a wiry, middle-aged hobbit walked through. She was clad in brown thigh-length pants and a green button-down shirt. Around her waist was a sturdy, leather belt. Stuck inside was her short sword – dirtied from the day's use. Over her strong shoulders was two, young hares the woman had caught. Her merry, green eyes sparkled as she glanced up at the sky. Dark, menacing clouds quickly formed as a strong breeze began to blow. Strands of golden red hair slipped from her braid because of the strong gusts. Splattering down, it began to rain. The big drops hit her freckled face as she ran hastily into the protection of the woods. Peregrin Took was not having his best day. How did he get himself stuck in the mud puddle? He thought he had grown out of this type foolish situation. However, apparently, fate still had a surprise for him. So here he was, the great Pippin Took, one of the nine members in the fellowship, stuck in a mud puddle. The honey-haired hobbit considered calling for help, but then shook his head. It would not do for people to see him like this. Therefore, he tried to haul himself out of the mud puddle. This of course, did not work. He sunk in deeper. The mud came to his waist. Pippin tried again, now with more force. He sunk in until his chest was covered in the sticky mire. He attempted again, now with even more force and he tried to 'surprise' the mud by doing it unexpectedly. He submerged until his shoulders were coated in the sludge. Pippin was beginning to feel desperate. He reconsidered calling for help, and this time he gave into his mind's rational thinking. "Help," he screamed. "Somebody, please help!" Pippin stretched his neck and tried to look around for someone. Pippin was continuing to go under. Mud was touching his neck and he strained his neck higher. The soaked woman stopped. Her head cocked as she listened. She had heard a scream. Perking her ears, she listened to the hobbit's surroundings. Through the rain and wind, she perceived desperate pleas of help. At first, she did not know where they came from. Then Bralyan figured out which way the person was screaming. Dashing off as fast as her legs would carry her; the middle-aged woman was soon at the edge of an old lake. It had dried up years ago, however, with all the rain Tuckborough had received this spring the lake had turned into a large mud pile. She peered down the cavernous space and saw a hobbit stuck in part of the mud. Bralyan put her hands up and made a gesture that meant stop squirming. Hastily, she crawled down into the once lake. Walking spryly, she reached the poor creature with ease. When Bralyan neared, her mouth opened in a silent gasp. It was Pippin. Her ears went a little pink as she jammed her hands under the mud and found Peregrin's arms. She slowly walked backwards and unstuck the hobbit. When he was freed of the mud, she shoved him up onto the non-muddy ground and clambered up beside him. Perching on her feet and hands in a crouch she looked at Pippin, but did not say a word. Pippin tried to jump when he suddenly heard someone approaching but seeing as he was stuck twas only his heart that did the jumping. "Ah! Oh, I am very glad to see ye, m'lady. Can you help me out here," Pippin asked hopefully and he sighed in relief when the hobbit lass pulled him out of the mud pool, "ah thank you so much. I already started to panic at the possibility of no one finding me here." He rambled as a blush came into his fair cheeks. As Pippin felt the non-muddy ground beneath his feet again, his muscles started to relax and he felt his heart calm down a bit. Pippin swept his muddy hair out of his face, unsubsequently making them even muddier, and looked over at his 'savior' again. This time, he got a better look at her. She felt familiar. Pippin must have seen her somewhere. But then again, it would not be a surprise to know the hobbit lass, seeing, as Peregrin almost knew everyone in Tuckborough, if not by acquaintance, then by their looks. Feeling that he should properly introduce himself, Pippin stretched out a muddy hand. "Thank you for saving my life. I am Peregrin Took. Who may I pay my thanks to," he asked politely. However, when the hobbit lass did not say a word, he frowned. Pippin was slightly offended that she was not answering him. Thinking back, Pippin realized that she had not spoken at all, since she had come into view. His frown got deeper as he still felt affronted, but he then realized something. "Are you mute," he inquired, his tone neutral, but curious. Bralyan looked at the sodden ground. She chewed nervously on her lip as she listened to Pippin speak. She wished she could answer him. The hobbit knew he was offended. His voice said so. Wearily, Bralyan looked up. Her bright green eyes shined with sadness from the offence she had caused. Slowly, Bralyan nodded her head. Looking around, the red haired hobbit saw a stick. Taking it into her hand, she began to write. "Bralyan Pickthorn is my name. I have been mute from birth." The woman looked up at Pippin and smiled. Glancing down again she wrote, "I know you. I've seen you in the market while I sell my fathers' leather works and mothers' yarns and fabrics." Bralyan looked back at Pippin and waited for him to respond. Pippin smiled brightly. So that's where he knew her from! Pippin did not feel offended anymore because he understood. "Oh," he said nodding, meaning that he understood. Peregrin wanted to smack himself the moment he said it. 'Oh'? Was 'Oh' all he could think of saying? The green-eyed male hobbit mentally shook his head. "Well, I thought you looked familiar already." Pippin gave her a lopsided grin. "Anyways, thank you for saving my life. It is not everyday that a pretty lass like you would risk the mud to save me. Thank you," he said sincerely, though with a hint of teasing. Taking in their muddy clothes and appearances, he grimaced. "Come on; let us go home to clean up. Though I have nothing against mud, I do not feel like being coated in it the whole day, especially after being trapped in a mud pool! What do you think?" Silently Bralyan laughed. Her green eyes crinkled up and sparkled merrily and radiantly. Nodding her head, she stood. The rest of her red locks tumbled from the messy braid. He thinks I am pretty, she thought as Bralyan offered a strong hand to the hobbit on the ground. Her ears suddenly perked. There was thrashing. She drew her blade just as massive, ugly beasts barreled through the woods. "Revenge for Saruman," one of them roared. Bralyan ran as fast as her legs could carry her. She slashed through the first fiend. Black, nasty blood oozed from the wound, down the blade and onto her hands. The hobbit pulled back. It sent her flying backwards into another evil beast. Her sword went back as she did and it punctured its eye. Pippin quickly drew his short sword out of its holster as he stood. Running as hastily as he could, the hobbit joined in the fight. An Uruk-Hai was heading straight for him. However, he did not run away from the Uruk. He ran straight at the beast and bolted through his legs. Pippin stuck his sword upwards and it hit the foul creature at a very sensitive spot, making him double over in pain. Peregrin did not stop. He ran for another ugly beast. He slashed the leg of one and pierced the stomach of another. Suddenly, Pippin felt himself being lifted up and off his feet. Instead of panicking, he slashed his blade through one of the Uruk's neck, now that he was on the same height as the evil beast. Black blood sprayed the poor hobbit, but he did not care. The Thain was filthy with mud anyway. The blade still had speed after slashing through the now dead Uruk and Pippin used that speed. Flinging the blade up the arm of the Uruk that was holding him; he kicked the foul creature at the same time - freeing himself. Pippin dropped to the ground and lashed out his sword at the Uruk's knee. For a moment Bralyan could not move. She was petrified by the fear she felt of the fierce beasts that surrounded her and Peregrin. However, primal instincts took over and she dashed onward. One of the evil creatures grabbed her with his claw-like hands. Her mouth opened in a silent scream and she plunged the sword into its neck. Suddenly, Bralyan was dropped and she landed in a heap. Jumping up, she rushed to the last Uruk. He was near Pippin and was about ready to kill the hobbit. She sprinted fast and slashed through the belly of the orc. Her blade stuck in and the orc fell sideways. Bralyan stood there, staring at her hands. Black blood dripped from her sword. Her green eyes were round with fear and horror. Tears trailed down her muddy and wet face. With a gasp, Pippin turned around. Peregrin saw the shadow behind him and the hobbit knew he could not turn around fast enough to save himself and slay the evil fiend. However, there she was – Bralyan - saving his life for the second time that day. Pippin came out of his shock and looked at the girl. She looked terrified. Doing the first thing that came to his mind, he embraced her, mud, blood and all. They rocked back and forth for a few moments while Pippin whispered soothing words in her ears. "It's gonna be allright. They are dead now. It is over. Do not be afraid. I am here. I am here. Calm down. They are gone now. They cannot hurt us anymore. Calm down." Pippin felt himself begin calm down too. The adrenaline rush that had come at the first sight of the Uruks ebbed away and it left him feeling exhausted. He sagged to the ground slightly, but the male hobbit never let goof Bralyan as he continued rocking her gently and whispering nonsensical words of comfort in her ear. The poor woman hobbit wept into the muddy and bloody shoulder of the male hobbit that held her. Bralyan did not let go of him. Her embrace was tight and desperate. Never before had she seen such evil creatures before, but she remembered Saruman. Bralyan remembered what he had done. She had lived through the horrors that the evil wizard had caused and seeing the beasts brought back the horrific memories of the experiences she had suffered. Her breath came out in gasps as the tears slowly dried up. Gulping, she slowly eased from Peregrin's embrace. With weary green eyes, she gulped and made a gesture. The red headed woman hoped Pippin knew she wished to leave the Uruk graveyard. Pippin nodded, showing Bralyan that he understood her gesture. Avoiding the foul creatures the best they could the two hobbits made their way out of the evil place. He wanted to run away from it, but knew better. They were too tired to run and even if they could, running might alert any other Uruks that might be lurking around the place. Together, they slowly made their way out of the forest, hoping to get home as soon as possible. Bralyan and Pippin were tired, shaky and in need of a bath and so, they kept walking. Bralyan looked at her feet as she walked next