CHAPTER ONE The pen was not worth stealing, most certainly, and completely, not worth it. This is my one and only thought process as I knock on the door to the Detention room, after school on the last day of term. Ms. Robinson's croaky voice calls through the door for me to enter, so I do. The room is cleared out apart from two desks, the others all stacked neatly to the side with rows of stacked chairs in front of them. A single, small oak desk with a plastic chair sat in the middle of the room, I am the only one stupid enough to get detention on the last day of term anyways. The large, pine desk that Ms. Robinson currently occupied sat at the front, in front of a large blackboard. I shuffled in and dropped my bag on the floor. Dropping myself into the small plastic chair, I blew my dyed-turquoise fringe back to the correct side of my face and stared up at Ms. Robinson, this was a routine for us. I would get in trouble for one thing or another and would always end up here. I don't think I've had a Friday walk home with my brothers since I was in pre-school and they couldn't give you detentions. Ms. Robinson is a thin old lady with a hunchback and grey hair that was pulled back into a bun so tight that it stretched her face so it almost looked wrinkle free, almost being the operative word in that sentence. Her neon red dress was printed with – also neon – green flowers that made her look like a walking 'hazard' sign, she's the teacher in charge of my year's detentions, so – thanks to me – she has to stay late every day. She shuffled her way over to me in neon red heels and slammed down sheet after sheet of – what I would assume – were tests that needed marking. Then finally she drops a four page, stapled together sheet of paper that has markings of red pen all over. I grimace and glance up at the old woman who just gives me a wicked grin before returning back to her desk to retrieve something else for me. Usually I just get in trouble for 'being too loud', or 'not paying attention'. I'm not usually caught for the stuff I take, so as the ADHD dyslexic I am known to be, this is my punishment for getting caught. Ms. Robinson knows I take all the things I do, but she usually lets me off, I don't know why, she just shuffles away in her 5 inch heels muttering about the timelines not being right or that the knots were almost complete. She's a bit crazy like that. I reach into my pocket to find a pen to begin my marking when the scratchy voice cut through my thought process. "Ah ah ah, dearie! You won't need that! Since you seem to enjoy my pens so much, I thought you should borrow one!" The wicked grin pulls at her face once more, making her look like an evil; human ventriloquist dummy. I sigh as she hobbles over to me once more and drops a simple, black pen onto the desk in front of me. I sigh as I pick it up and begin to mark. The only sounds that fill the room are Ms. Robinson's heavy breathing, my constant shuffling from ADHD and my pen scratching the paper. It takes me about three times as long as it would another, my dyslexia making the numbers go everywhere. The good thing is its only maths I'm marking, that has a straight answer that doesn't take long to decipher, if it was English, or Latin that the She-devil gave me, we would both be here till doomsday. I have almost finished my pile, but a dry laugh snaps me out of my daze. I glance up at the old hag to see her simply staring at me, she had no work, not even a pen; nothing – she just keeps staring at me. I shuffle uncomfortably and pick up my pen again, attempting to continue when her dreary laugh cut me off once more. "You know, Miss Williamson, I do believe that you have done more of my marking this year than I have, which is quite a shame really, considering I'm not even a real teacher." My eyebrows furrow in confusion at her statement. I pick up the pile of marked tests and dropped them into a scruffy pile on the large desk. "You've been here before, you know how this works." She waves her hand towards the clipboard aimlessly as she begins to check through my pile of marking. I signed my name on the clipboard for today's date, under all the other signing of my names from my detentions on earlier dates. All just read two very simple words. Meredith Williamson. My name fills up every blank spot on this paper, and I bet you the other pages up to about September 2007, when I first joined the hell-hole that is 'Farworth School for Troubled Youngsters'. I throw open the door into the empty hallway and begin to sprint down, but just as I reach the stairs my memory gets the better of me and I remember that my bag is still in the classroom with She-devil. I wouldn't care, but mum would probably kill me because that would make the third bag I've lost in a year. I sigh and take one last glance at the doors at the bottom of the stairs. With one last outing of breathe, I turn and wander to the room I was sat in only moments ago, but ,me being me, I make some mischief on the way, taking board pens from the Principal's office. I drew all over the walls on the way. Not my best work, but I didn't have time to prepare much else. Finding the door labelled 'DETENTION AREA' in that stupid Comic sans font that fills the hallways of this school. Of course, I don't have enough patience to stand and attempt to read it, but I can recognize the annoying shapes of letter anywhere I go. Tugging on the door, I soon realise its locked. Sighing I rake my hand through my hair, desperately wishing the door to be unlocked; I can't handle mum's super-annoyed face. I've been in detention so many days after school I think mum believes that this is the normal ending time for school. I sigh, knowing I'll have to use my special skill. I have been doing this for as long as I can remember. Putting my hand on the keyhole, I focus on an image of the tumblers, o them unlocking. And as I focus on the last tumbler, I hear a soft click, letting me know that it worked. Shrugging off my superpower, I open the door to see Ms. Robinson and two other ladies that look exactly like her, all just sitting and knitting. They all look at me, and grin an awful smile. I slowly skirt around them, keeping my back to the wall to be as far away as possible. Grabbing my neon green bag, I followed my path to get there while sliding my bag onto my back, its only neon green because mum said I wouldn't lose it anywhere then, or accidentally take someone else's, but she knows I take others' on purpose. I always steal things really. Mum says that it's not my fault, it's in my blood. But I've never understood why she says this, because mum's probably the most goody-two-shoes you'll ever meet, while I am more of a baddy-one-shoe? Is that a thing? Anyways, we are basically polar opposites. Mum has perfect, straight blonde hair, while mine is a dark brown that falls into tight ringlets. Hr curtains suit her soft features, but my left side parting and dyed turquoise fringe with a single streak down the right side of my head suit my straight nose and arched eyebrows. Her tall figure at 5'8 toward over my small 5'0 and her muscly build made me seem miniscule with my small, wiry frame. I snap back to reality as the three creepy ladies look at me once more as they take out five different colours of wool. A bright; bright yellow wool was first threaded next to black wool; creating a tight knot, they then tied together a dark red and a lighter; but kept both knots separate from one another, finally they took out silver thread, it wasn't grey like it should but it glowed in the light – like it had metal in it. They wrapped the silver thread around each of the knots tied, careful to make sure that it was tight. They tied it around the yellow and black first, then plaited it until tying the two yellow and black together once more, and then including the two red knots, before plaiting the three together. They grin, showing me their creation. Despite the colours and the shapes, I feel drawn to it. I hesitantly walk forwards and reach out for it, but just as I am about to touch it, they snip it off – right where my fingers were. I squeak in shock as they violently grab my left wrist and tie the creation around it. They all stare at me; like I'm the last slice of pizza in the dorm room of broke University students. I jerk my hand back, attempting to get free, but their vice grip holds me in place. They each place one hand on top of each other's and murmur some words, I think it is another language, but I still know exactly what they said. "Fate binds us? What on earth does that mean?" I question the crazy ladies. They all glance back up at me, as if hearing my British accented voice reminds them I'm here, even though they are vice-gripping my wrist. They keep a hold on my wrist, but now I begin to feel something, something awful. I scream in agony as my hand begins to feel as if it's on fire, starting from the bottom of my wrist on my underarm and then it wraps around the front of my wrist; spreading through my hands to the bases of my fingers, the back of my hand is worse; like a thousand fire-ants have crawled under my skin. Then, as quickly as it started, it finished. My hand felt normal; no not normal, it felt better, like it had power running through the veins. But only my hand. They don't answer me, just smile menacingly at me. I begin to back away, shaking my hand out of their grip. "It's time to take her to camp, protector. Her destiny has begun." My eyebrows furrow as I think of their words. Protector? That can't be me? What do I protect? The legacy of thieves and pranking? But as I hear a sharp intake of breathe behind me, I know for a fact that it wasn't me they were talking to. I turn just in time to see Kai Eisentsteen, the triplet's best friend, staring at me. He always walks me home, I don't know why. He has become a sort of fourth brother to me. When I turn his face is worried, but as soon as he sees my confused eyes, his face softens. "Mer, we gotta go." His thick New York accent rips through the silence. "But what abou-"I'm cut off as he gestures to behind me. As I turn, I gasp. The classroom is completely empty, literally, all the desks, chairs, even the detention log where I have signed my name so many a time is gone. All that remains is a single note on the floor, next to my feet. I pick it up hesitantly, as if