Meyer owns all The High School Years Tanya 'Man doth not yield himself to the angels, nor unto death utterly, save only through the weakness of his feeble will.' Tanya snapped the book closed. Why were they reading Poe anyhow? The teacher probably thought it was a joke. Like death is a joke. How sick is that? She glanced around the parking lot. Where was James with that joint already? Edward and his friends were such losers, but at least James wasn't a goody-goody like Edward, Mr. White Knight. Edward, who couldn't even be bothered to notice when the world was imploding. Why should he care? His life was perfect. Tanya laughed to herself. Her life was perfect too, wasn't it? Just a mother cold and dead in the ground like one of Mr. Poe's little corpses. But Tanya was supposed to have gotten over it by now. Isn't that what everyone said? They could go to hell. Tanya imagined digging her mother up, just like the guy in that Poe story who was so obsessed with his dead cousin. What did the school think it was doing, giving them stuff like this to read? She wouldn't be bothering with the Poe either if James would just show up. She was waiting for him in her car in the parking lot of the Thrift-N-Save. What a stupid name for a store. If James didn't show up soon, she was going to make his life a living— "Hey Tanya." James knocked on the passenger side window. Tanya unlocked the door. "Where have you been?" she snapped. "I got held up." James slid into the passenger seat and shut the door. Tanya snorted. "Have you got it?" she asked. "Of course." James grinned. "So hand it over." James' grin widened. "What are you going to give me for it?" "Excuse me?" Tanya was going to rip out his throat. "You know. Payment." "I've got a little money." "I don't want money," James leered. "I think that I deserve a little something special, considering everything that I had to go through." "Everything that you had to go through?" "You know, I had to drive all the way up to Port Angeles." "It's not on the other end of the country." "I could have gotten arrested." "Forget it." "I thought you wanted it." "And I thought you were my friend. I thought you were Edward 's friend. You know, the guy I'm dating." James scoffed. "Oh, I haven't forgotten about him." "So what are you doing propositioning me?" "I'm not propositioning you. I'm making a business transaction." "You're a business man?" Tanya couldn't believe what she was hearing. "I've got bills." "You're in high school ." "I won't be forever." Tanya huffed. Whatever. It didn't matter. If she was high, it's not like she would care. "Fine. Let's just get it over with." James leaned towards Tanya as if going in for a kiss. She held up a hand. "Joint first," she demanded. He scowled, but handed the joint over. She pulled out a lighter. "You're not going to light up here are you?" "It's the freakin' Thrift-N-Save. It's nine o'clock at night. We might as well be in the middle of nowhere." Tanya lit the joint. "Crap," James cursed, peering out of the window. "What?" Tanya lowered the joint. "It's that new girl. The chief's daughter." Tanya squinted, trying to see through the gloom. She saw the new girl walk up to the door of the Thrift-N-Save and lean over to read the store hours. Tanya had been so busy arguing with James that she had missed the girl pulling into the parking lot. "Did she see us?" "I don't know." Tanya was parked on the side of the store where there weren't any streetlights, but she wasn't going to take any chances. She and James watched the new girl walk back to her truck and drive away. The new girl hadn't glanced in their direction, but if she had a cell phone she could already be on the phone with daddy. "We should get out of here, just in case," James warned and Tanya agreed. She waited until the new girl was out of sight before starting her car. She didn't even make it out of the parking lot before the cruiser pulled up. *_.*_.*_.*_.* Tanya didn't set out to destroy the new girl. It just happened. The first time Tanya snapped, it was because she saw the girl in the hallway walking to class like she didn't have a care in the world. Tanya couldn't help it. She was just so angry about being arrested. But she expected the girl to fight back, call her a druggie or a loser. Something. Make fun of Tanya for not having a mother's guiding influence. But the new girl just dropped her head and scuttled away. Tanya expected the cops to show up at her door that night. They never showed. So Tanya mocked her again the next day. And the next day. And the next day. Pretty soon, Jessica and Lauren were following her example, just like sheep. Mr. Perfect and his boyfriend, Jasperina, were oblivious. Some friends they were. Too self-involved to even realize that all of this community service that James and Tanya were suddenly doing might be just a bit suspicious. Like Tanya wanted community service hours for her college applications. She wasn't going to college. This community service was court-mandated. James was all too happy to join in on Tanya's plan of revenge against Little Miss Police Chief's Daughter. And he got Jasper in the act after a while. It took Tanya's intervention to open Edward's eyes. "Look at the freak," she said to Edward one day while they were sitting in the cafeteria. "What?" he asked. Idiot. "I said, 'Look at the freak.'" Tanya pointed. Edward shrugged. "Really?" Tanya asked. "You think that outfit's okay? And her hair? She hangs out with Brandon." "She's a mess. So what?" "So, I don't like her." "What she ever do to you?" "She was born." Edward sniggered. But Tanya kept at him. "She thinks she's so smart," Tanya argued. "She thinks that she's better than everyone else." Unfortunately, Edward was pretty smart himself, so he wasn't likely to buy that argument. Tanya tried another one. "She made fun of my mom." Edward's eyes snapped to Tanya's. "You're kidding." Tanya shook her head. "She did." "How does she even know about your mom?" "Everyone knows about my mom," Tanya sniffed. It was true, wasn't it? Forks High didn't exactly have much going on. Why shouldn't people still be talking about Tanya's mom? "What did she say?" Edward asked. "What do you think?" Edward cursed. "Yeah," Tanya retorted. "So that's why I hate her." And that was how Tanya got Edward in on her plan to destroy the new girl. By the time that Tanya was through with her, Isabella Swan was going to want to kill herself. Tanya was intimately acquainted with the subject of suicide, after all. People might not have had the guts to say it to Tanya's face, but everyone thought that Tanya's mother had killed herself. As if a mother of three would abandon her daughters like that. It was an accident, Tanya told herself. It was an accident. Just like it was an accident that Tanya had let James into her car that night at the Thrift-N-Save. She told the police that she didn't know that he had drugs on him, but they didn't believe her. She had drug residue on her fingers. The owner of the Thrift-N-Save was the one who'd called the cops. He'd been in the back of his stop doing inventory. He was sick of kids lighting up in his parking lot. But Tanya was sure that he wouldn't have even noticed that they were there if the new girl hadn't gone up to the door. Tanya was going to destroy her, if it was the last thing she did. -x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- Mr. Berty's (teacher) POV Were they serious? They were going to put me on suspension for failing to catch a fake advertisement in the school newspaper? 'Desperate geek seeks flat-chested freak for some girl-on-girl action – IBS.' It wasn't that bad. It was obvious who was meant but so what? Kids today needed to grow a thicker skin. Killing themselves and bringing guns to school just because someone picked on them. F'ing losers. They weren't paying me enough for this. I'd had no choice but to 'volunteer' for that student newspaper gig and now they were going to take it away from me just because I didn't go over every line of it with a fine-toothed comb?! I stood in the hallway, watching the little brats scurry to their classes. This hallway monitoring was ridiculous too. Like the sight of me standing here did anything to discourage their antics. Cullen and Denali groping in the corner, for instance. His tongue had to be halfway down her throat. I had it on good authority that Tanya Denali wasn't above sleeping with a teacher for an easy A, but I'd yet to have her in any of my classes. There went Izzy with her hood pulled low. The 'disguise' did nothing to deter the wolf whistles and cat-calls. 'Why don't you just kill yourself?' the Stanley girl hissed. I couldn't help smirking. They were all so juvenile—both the bullies and Swan. In fact, if Swan had any sense at all, she'd come to school in a bustier and bright red lipstick, sneak into the guys' locker-room and spread it for a couple of morons on the football team. Then she'd see how quickly that reputation for being a lesbian disappeared. Who did she think she was saving herself for anyhow? True love? Unlikely with that face. The bell rang and they all disappeared, like roaches with the lights coming on. God, I hated my job. -x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- Outtake: Eric in Science class "He put the glass to his lips and drank at one gulp," Eric read, his eyes quickly scanning the printed text. "'O God!' I screamed and 'O God!' again and again; for there before my eyes—pale and shaken, and half fainting, and groping before him with his hands like a man restored from death—there stood Henry Jekyll!" The bell rang and Eric dropped his book on the lab table, wondering why they didn't read more Stevenson. Jekyll and Hyde—now that was a story that Eric could identify with. "So, as you know, we're going to be working with hydrochloric acid today," Dr. Banner started, with that sing-song way of his, "which means that we're going to review all of our safety precautions first. Yes, I know that we already went over them. I don't care. We're going to review them one more time." Eric groaned. 'Could this be any more boring?' Eric wanted to know why he even had to take this class. It wasn't like he was going to be a nuclear engineer. Best case scenario, the day of graduation, Eric was going to steal his brother's car and disappear. Move to the desert and start an exciting career in the forgery of government documents. Stupid career aptitude tests didn't take that one into consideration, now did they? It wasn't as if there was a large job market for the artistically inclined slacker with a high IQ and zero ambition. Eric sighed and glanced at his lab partner. At least Tyler would just sit back and let Eric do all of the work. It could be worse—Eric could be saddled with Edward. What a jerk. Eric didn't understand why Mr. Banner wouldn't let them choose their own lab partners, like exercising some freedom in this regard would be the first step towards total anarchy. Oh, Mr. Banner would sometimes ask aloud why Tyler wasn't helping Eric out and he'd glare in Edward's direction whenever Izzy looked particularly distraught over some passing remark,