Warning: Reference to suicidal thoughts and physical child abuse in this chapter. Disclaimer: Characters belong to Stephanie Meyers. Plot belongs to me. " Those who looked on the Gorgon's head must have had the sort of experience I've just undergone after spotting a really beautiful woman." – Lucian Images, trans. by Keith Sidwell Chapter 6 Edward was imagining again the spiral pattern that the chair would make if he threw it against the windows, the ripples of broken glass surging outward in slow motion, bubbling and billowing. A fall from that height probably wouldn't kill Edward. He would have to go to the roof for that. Ten stories. ' I'll push you ,' a voice in his head volunteered. Edward cocked his head to the side in surprise at the words. The voice had a soothing cadence, like bells. He sat up straighter. He recognized the voice. It belonged to Isabella fucking Swan. It only made sense that he would be imagining her voice making an offer like that. Once upon a time, she would have been more than willing to push him off a roof. But now? Edward considered the remaining gulf between the two of them. Despite all of his mockery, he could see that she had her whole life ahead of her. Her students liked her. She would be graduating soon. While an outsider might say that Edward had accomplished far more than her—he was more or less established in a career, well into his residency—he was on thin ice at the hospital. He knew that. And what friends did he really have? (He didn't mean Tanya and her crowd. Real friends.) He barely spoke to his family. He'd only gone to that last happy hour because Emmett had said Bella was going to be there. Edward had a good reason to be reluctant: Enduring another round of his family's questions and comments wasn't exactly appealing. Which made it all the more strange that he'd changed his mind. At the time, Edward told himself that, with Bella there, the ordeal of seeing his relatives would be slightly more tolerable, if only because at least some of the attention would be on her. But there was more to it. To be honest, he enjoyed getting a rise out of her. His family had long since given up trying to match wits with him and would just ignore his quips. And Bella hadn't disappointed either. She had matched him barb for barb, countering all of his jabs. " What would it take to turn you on?" he'd asked. She'd tried to avoid the question. But then she'd admitted that it was an intellectual challenge she really wanted. Edward had been all-too-eager to see where this line of discussion would take them. Yet Bella had turned the tables on him, saying that he was the one with the real problem. " You. Habituation. You've gotten bored with sex. So you keep pushing the limits with places like Breaking Dawn. But you can't keep upping the ante. It's just not feasible. " She'd figured him out alright, not that Edward was about to admit that. He had kept up the show, like it was just a friendly debate, when it was anything but. Then, like an idiot, he had dared Bella to write down her intentions for him. Writing his own intentions out on a napkin, it had been tempting to lie—to write something else down—but a wild kind of impetuous feeling had come over him. So what if Bella learned the truth? Watching her drop her own napkin into the envelope, it had been all he could do not to snatch it away from her so that he could read what she'd written. Get it together , he'd told himself. But then she had just walked out. Just like that. Watching her leave—as if she thought that he was a waste of time—Edward had started to crumple the envelope, but he'd stopped himself. He'd realized that he could just open it and have all of his questions answered. Or could he? Had she told the truth? He had yet to make a decision when Rosalie and Emmett returned from their game of darts. He had handed over the envelope with a cryptic request that Rosalie hold onto it for a while, then made his own departure. And now here he was, staring out a window, and imagining Bella's voice. CI – CI – CI – CI – CI - CI " Gracias. Dios mio, gracias. " Edward tried to extricate himself from the sobbing woman. " Mi niño ." Edward wasn't a complete monster. Intellectually, he understood the woman's fears. But she would have to steel herself for the inevitable. There was no point in prevaricating. He wondered what Bella would think of that, and handed the weeping madre off to one of the nurses. Realizing that he'd let Bella intrude upon his thoughts once again, Edward grimaced in annoyance. Then he wondered if she would be at Newton's that night. Was he actually looking forward to seeing her again? That couldn't possibly be true. He tried to reason that his interest was purely scientific. Bella was like a fantastic bird long since thought extinct—going around as if she was so much better than everyone else. It was only fair that she be brought down to earth with the other mortals. A lingering moral sense—more a learned knowledge of textbook right and wrong as opposed to any innate belief—told Edward that he was wrong for thinking it, but part of him wanted Bella just as she was, prized, like the nearly extinct creature she was, unobtainable, for everyone else at least, but not... He didn't want to finish the thought. It would be a challenge. Something inside of him wanted it, and it had been a while since he had really wanted anything. Edward left the hospital soon after finishing with the grateful madre. It was late. The streetlights were on, but the sidewalks were surprisingly crowded. It was only by chance that he happened to glimpse Bella. She was walking in the opposite direction, down the other side of the street, a backpack slung behind her and books in her arms. Edward hesitated for only a few seconds, then continued down the sidewalk, his eyes resolutely on the ground, daring to glance back at her only after they'd passed each other. But she was already out of sight. Strangely irritated, Edward found himself wandering back in her direction. He got to the corner and saw Bella passing under a streetlight a few blocks down. He wasn't sure how she'd managed to cover so much ground in such a short amount of time, but he sprinted to catch up, weaving his way through the traffic to cross the street and dodging a few pedestrians. He stopped again when the street opened up onto a large thoroughfare. Swinging his head from side-to-side, Edward spied her on the next street over, waiting at a light. He took off again. No longer caring about avoiding detection, Edward yelled Bella's name. But she kept walking, as if she couldn't hear him. He wondered if she was ignoring him on purpose. A pack of young females clearly out for a night on the town suddenly appeared in front of Edward, taking up the entire sidewalk with arms slung around each other. Edward maneuvered around them, shouting Bella's name again. She'd already made it to the end of the next block by the time that Edward caught up with her. He reached for her shoulder, but they were suddenly engulfed by a crowd of rowdy theater-goers. Jostled by the mob, Bella stumbled. Edward steadied her, and pulled towards her to the side, backing the two of them into an alley. Looking down at Bella, Edward started to laugh. "Where were you—" He stopped. Bella was gazing back at him, her eyes locked on his. It was unnerving. Edward had noticed before how Bella tended to avoid his eyes. Unless she was angry, that is. She clearly had no qualms about staring him down whenever he said something to annoy her. Her eyes now were strangely dark. And large. He was going to ask if she was alright, but he couldn't get the words out. And the expression on her face— Edward's heart was hammering and it had nothing to do with the way he'd run to catch up with her. He realized that he was still holding her by the elbows. Without even being consciously aware of just what he was doing, he found himself sliding his hands up her arms to her shoulders. So soft. God, her arms were so soft. Like down. He slid a hand behind her neck, and took her chin in his other hand. Shaking, he lowered his mouth, hesitating an inch away from her lips. She smelled like sunshine. He breathed in her scent, staring into her eyes. Unable to take it anymore, he closed his eyes and turned her head to the side. He pressed his lips to the side of her mouth. Edward shuddered against Bella's cool skin as a noise like a coo escaped her mouth. He slid his hands back down her arms, and froze. Confused, he pulled back, looking at her arms. Feathers. Her arms were covered in tiny feathers. Edward felt lips moving against the skin of his neck. Then he felt a nip on his chin. Bella was trying to kiss him. He tried to push her away. She nipped him again; it hurt. He pushed her away more forcibly, and this time she retreated. She retreated too quickly. Edward could feel her slipping through his hands, and he reached out for her again. Ghostly soft down tickled his fingertips as she slipped away. He made a wild grab but she evaded him, ducking into the shadows of the alley. Then, even as he watched she began to shift. To change. Edward woke from this dream uncomfortably aroused. He was fully aware that he was completely and utterly pitiful. No, not pitiful . Not something deserving of pity. Because he deserved everything he got. He certainly didn't think that a dream like this boded well for his progress in overcoming his…condition. Gnashing his teeth in frustration, Edward heaved himself out of bed, resigned to blaming Bella. Not that he wanted to fuck her. No, that couldn't be it. Edward just wanted to understand her. To name her species . That wasn't so strange was it? And yeah, maybe he wanted to bring her down a peg or two. It would be a public service. Everyone would be much better off without Bella going around looking down her nose at them. In fact, Bella herself would probably be grateful. She'd be happy just to fit in. Right. CI – CI – CI – CI – CI - CI Edward looked for Bella every day. He scanned the sidewalks, looking for her as he went to and from work. On one occasion, he had been so distracted while driving that he had narrowly avoided a kid who'd jumped right in front of his car running after a ball. Because that's just what Edward's karma needed. A dead kid. By the time Edward got to Newton's for the weekly happy hour, his beloved siblings were already there, as was Rosalie. But Bella had yet to show. Alice updated Edward about her shop. "You should come see it," she said. "I might even put you to work." "I'd be about as useful in a clothes boutique as you would be in an OR," Edward replied. It wasn't so much the words as his tone. He wasn't actively trying to be cruel. He actually liked Alice—he probably liked her more than any of his other relatives. But that probably wasn't saying very much. An awkward silence followed Edward's comment. Annoyed, Rosalie decided that he deserved a little of