THE LONELINESS OF THE FISHERMOUSE 1. Leaf . Disclaimer: I am not J. R. R. Tolkien and I do not own Middle-earth. A/N: Someone once thanked me for a bit of beta-work on the grounds that without me "everyone might have lived happily ever after". I laughed until I remembered some of the story stubs on my To Be Written list, especially this one. It's taken a long while to write - three and a half years, to be exact. So many thanks to my beta, Ignoble Bard, without whom I might have kept putting it off forever! . In 2509 [Third Age] Celebrían wife of Elrond was journeying to Lórien when she was waylaid in the Redhorn Pass, and her escort being scattered by the sudden assault of the Orcs, she was seized and carried off... J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings . 'Appendix A'. ~o~ A bronze beech leaf was caught in an eddy. It had come over the waterfall in a torrent of winter-melt and now drifted like a coracle between pebble-islands and the mossy bank. A mouse with a paddle might have taken advantage of this vessel floating aimlessly in the sunlit pool. The day was fair and the breeze was sweet; it was a perfect afternoon to lie adrift on a quiet lake with only a dream or two for company. Would a mouse in a leaf-coracle go fishing for minnows with a twig for a rod and a stolen hair for a line? Did mice even eat fish? Maybe it was a galleon rather than a coracle, the sort of grand and bloated boat the Dúnedain had once built in Númenor and their more piratical descendants constructed these days down south in Umbar. A crew of earwig-mariners or sailor-ants would be required to man the oar-banks, in that case. Perhaps the ants had long been searching for a way across the river. Their relatives had once gone in search of an idyll across the great watery divide and now they had found a way to cross the pool themselves. Would they find their long-lost relatives awaiting them on the other side? A dragonfly hummed through his daydreams and landed on the leaf. There went the sailor-ants in their galleon, then. A coracle-bound fishermouse would probably have capsized as well. "Erestor," said his opponent, quite patiently. "It's your turn." "Hmm?" Between them stood a small table netted with red and black playing-pieces. Erestor almost considered concentrating on the game. It was difficult, though, when the green spring was rioting through the gardens of Imladris and the swallows were returning to their nests under the eaves. Maybe when autumn came, he and Melinna should follow the birds south and find out where the swallows of Imladris nested in the winter. They hadn't gone even as far as Curunír's tower at Isengard for decades. The scent of the south came back to him suddenly: the sand, sun-baked, and the heat rippling off it, a burning world of yellows and browns and brilliant, glinting blues. Swallows sweeping like arrows in silhouette against the sky. Yes, they should go. They had been here too long. As soon as Melinna came back to Imladris, they could leave. Across the table, Elrond Half-elven sighed. "If you're going to be like this, we should find Glorfindel and play cards," he remarked. "I might win for once." "Thank you," Erestor said politely. "I think not." The dragonfly had abandoned the beech leaf and was flitting through the spray beneath the waterfall. Maybe the leaf-galleon could be drawn by a team of dragonflies in harness. That would certainly bring the sailor-ants more swiftly to their long-lost relatives. He saw Elrond's expression and moved a piece on the board. "There. Will that do?" Elrond was intent at once. "Let me think." "Of course," murmured Erestor and relapsed into whimsical contemplation of the ways in which a crew of sailor-ants might harness dragonflies to their leaf-galleon. Perhaps they could call on the earwig-mariners for assistance. And then there was still the fishermouse... By the time Elrond slid one of the black pieces over the board, Erestor could see the celebrations that would result when the ant-sailors, the earwig-mariners and the fishermouse in their dragonfly-drawn leaf-galleons all came whirling down from the heavens into the splendid ant-city of the long-lost relatives. He flicked the nearest red counter to a different square. Elrond's reaction was laughably serious. What did he think, that there was some devious manoeuvring going on here? Apparently so. The ant-city had produced a magnificent feast and the ant-king's daughter was dancing with Lord Earwig the Bold when Elrond sat back in his chair, his smile satisfied. "I know what you're up to," he said. "I know exactly what you're thinking." The difficulties of dancing with more than two feet. "I doubt it." "That's just what you want me to think," said Elrond. He selected a black piece and transferred it to a new square with extreme deliberation. "Now what will you do?" Erestor glanced at the board, shrugged and pushed a piece at random. "That." A startled look blossomed in Elrond's fair face. He sat forwards, at once intent. The boy could surprise Erestor still. His complete dedication to untangling the cunning strategy behind Erestor's every careless gambit was almost endearing. What would become of the earwig-mariners, once the sailor-ants had been restored to their long-lost relatives? Would they linger or fly? Elrond turned a piece thoughtfully in his fingers, tapping it against the board. "I meant to ask," he said and set it down again. His tone was casual, but the upwards flicker of his eyes was sharp. "Is your work going well?" "My work –? oh, that ..." They would fly. No doubt about it: the earwig-mariners would fly. And Lord Earwig the Bold would carry off the ant-king's daughter to some far-flung place where her father's wrath could never reach them. They might even live happily ever after. The thought made him smile. Melinna would laugh. What would the offspring of an ant and an earwig look like? Elrond was examining his fingernails with studious indifference. "I know Lindir's eager to see it finished. He will keep on telling me so. He seems to think I could persuade you to finish more swiftly." "I can imagine he might think that, yes." "You were a little cruel, I think." His head was still bent, but he was regarding Erestor steadily now, clear-eyed beneath dark lashes. He had his family's beauty: the clean edge of his profile was straight from Dior, and Lúthien before him. That very familiarity was familiar, but sometimes even now the resemblance caught Erestor off guard and brought it all flooding back, those vivid, terrible days when everything was dangerous and everything mattered. Everything had seemed so important then. "He does admire you so. It was... not kind." Ah, so this was a reprimand. Erestor yawned. "I won't finish any faster for that child begging to know my opinion on the third stanza of the second-to-last song Daeron ever wrote," he pointed out. "He seems to think I need company even when I'm not alone." "Lindir is no more a child than I am," said Elrond, rather coldly. "Despite your great antiquity, Erestor, those of us who were born between Tilion's first voyage and the War of Wrath are quite mature these days. He seeks your company and your work in the service of his grand lay, as you well know –" "More fool him, then. Melinna's the expert." "That may be so, but unless I'm much mistaken, Melinna has not been preparing a commentary on Daeron's last songs for as long as I can recall. So perhaps you might be kinder to Lindir while you reside at Imladris?" "Perhaps I might." There was the dragonfly again, a streak of lurid blue skimming across the water. Erestor was momentarily distracted. "Dior could have made that speech, you know." The exasperated noise Elrond made was very familiar. "Did you pay my grandfather Dior any more attention than you do me?" "Oh, a little. Times were different then." Under an arch of overhanging grass-stems floated the bronze beech leaf. Maybe it was a coracle after all. Past went the fishermouse, dreaming of earwig-mariners and sailor-ants, half-asleep and drifting in the afternoon sun. How long would it take to finish the commentary? He could have it done by the autumn. Yes. Done by the time the swallows flew their nests. Although there was a very pleasant lake up in Emyn Uial beside ruined Annúminas... "Your turn," said Elrond, unamused. "What's it to be?" Throughout the gardens of Imladris, numerous peaceful hideaways and waterfalls were tucked away behind walls or in the shadows of overhanging ledges. This particular one was set deep in the hidden valley, far beyond the bridge without a parapet and safely below the white halls of the house itself. Above rose the mountains, cloud-capped and monstrous, and the waters of the Bruinen spilled noisily down a sheer rock face. The waterfall washed away almost all other sounds and only Elrond Half-elven, of all the valley's inhabitants, seemed aware that this corner of the garden existed. So the brassbound chest beneath the ferns where the game resided grew mossy when Erestor and Melinna were absent from Imladris; and so too the displacement of Elrond's displeasure by surprise as footsteps became audible above the rush of water. A moment later, a shadow served as an Elf-lord's herald, stalking up the primrose path. Erestor yawned again. "Does it matter? Let Glorfindel decide." He had spoken lightly and laughed at the look Elrond gave him, although he could see that whatever news Glorfindel brought was not good. A touch of Aman's light was normal for Glorfindel of Gondolin, who was never shy to remind people about his birth in that Day before days in the Blessed Realm, but he rarely shone so brightly that his shadow was cast by his armour alone. Nor did Glorfindel (or anyone else) often go armed in Imladris. The peaceful afternoon must have come to an abrupt end, which was a pity. It was always amusing to watch Elrond Half-elven taking unserious matters very seriously indeed. "Elrond," Glorfindel said, and did not look at Erestor at all. "Messengers have arrived from your sons. You need to come at once." Now that was a bad sign. Elrond's sons had been gone for three weeks. They had gone with their mother to captain her escort on the road to Lórien. The party should have reached the mountain pass by now, even at a pace set by Celebrían and her ladies. Such slow and crowded journeys suited neither Erestor nor Melinna; nonetheless, she had gone. She thought the women of Doriath had once known a way to restore colour to fading tapestries and the Lady Galadriel might still know what that was. Erestor had remained at Imladris with his unending commentary, which was approaching an end at last, and had regretted it almost at once. After five years of idleness and whimsy in the Misty Mountains, he could heard the world calling him on every spring breeze. Elrond had arisen and stood very straight, his fingertips resting on the gameboard and his gaze fixed on Glorfindel. The set of his mouth and the way he held his head – slightly tilted, chin high, so that the sun caught the light in his starlit eyes – raised Dior Eluchíl's ghost again, in all his pride and beauty. That moment was suddenly so clear for Erestor, Dior standing Silmaril-bright beneath Menegroth's gilded boughs, giving audience to the messengers of the sons of Fëanor, that the bitterness and dread of the time came back vividly as well, along with their despair at the end of all that was beloved in Beleriand. The voice of Dior's grandson was perfectly, unnaturally steady. "What news?" "There are Orcs in the mountains above Moria." Very bad. Erestor