Chapter 1 In the woods I found myself in a forest, not knowing how I got there. All I remembered was somebody saying, I go by Isabella now. I started to get up and walk through the forest. That's when I seen a car on the side of the road I was coming to. When I came closer to it a man looked at me then got out along with another man. He came up to me and said, "Hey miss are you alright?" I didn't know what to say. I didn't say much of anything. I looked at the other guy that had a name on his jacket that said Chief Swan. "Why are you naked? Did something happen to you." Again I didn't answer. I didn't know how I got here. Than Chief Swan told the other officer to go get a blanket out the trunk of the car. The officer went and came back with a blanket. Chief Swan put it around me while walking me to the car. He drove me to a strange place, took me inside sitting me in a chair. Chief Swan started to ask me questions. "Do you know where you are?" He said. I shook my head no. "You're in Forks, Washington." I looked around the place amazed and confused. Then he said, "Do you have a name?'' I tried to talk.''Isabella." I said almost in a whisper. "Do you have any family around here?" He said. I shook my head no. Then he got up and started to talk to other officers that were there. He came back saying, "Do you live anywhere around here?'' I didn't know if I did or not. Then he pick up the phone and started to dial a number he waited than said," I have a young female that look to be seventeen maybe, that don't know where she came from and don't have any family members, also don't have any clothes, so I'm going to bring her over there." He stopped talking, so I guess he was listening to the other person talking on the other end of the phone. "Thank you." And hung up. He turned back toward me and said," I'm going to take you to the detention center." I didn't know what that was. He guided me back to the car and drove off. When I arrived, a man came up to us, with what looked to be clothes in his hand and guided me to a room, saying to put them on. Then he closes the door. I started to put the clothes on while I stared at the wall. On each wall were different pictures on the wall that had words on them. Then I opened the door with Chief Swan plus the other guy standing there waiting. Then they guided me to another room. In it was a chair and what look like a bed with a sheet on it. "Lie down on the sheet will you" the man said while putting on a white long coat. So I did and he started to check me. I started to get scared and he must have seen my reaction. "I'm not going to hurt you…I'm just going to examine you to see if you have been hurt." So I just stared. After a while he left the room. I got up and saw that there was a mirror behind the door. I looked at my reflection. My eyes were gray with a bluish hint to them, pale skin, and brunette hair. Then the man came back and took me to a small room with a bed. "You would be staying here for the night until we can get you situated." He closed the door and I sat on the bed. It felt a little comfortable. A few minutes later a lady came and handed me a tray. "Here you go." Then left. I stared at the food which was strange looking, but I ate it. I must have been hungry because I ate everything. Then I laid down staring at the ceiling. I dosed off. In my dream, I found myself in some kind of building and I was under something. I didn't know what it was but I was afraid. Then I saw someone standing over me looking at me. He was pale, with red eyes. I didn't know who he was then he said something. "You're safe now." I tried to say safe from what. But I couldn't get the word out. Then I felt this horrible pain. I wanted to scream but couldn't. I woke up, and started to vomit. It was the same lady that handed me the tray earlier. "Are you alright. " She said to me then she told me her name. "My name is Gloria." I didn't say anything. Everything was so new to me still. "Would you like to tell me about your nightmare." Gloria said to me. " I don't know what it was. It was all a blur." I said even though I remembered it all. I didn't know if I can trust anybody yet. "It's ok." Gloria said. So we sat there not speaking, but the silence was broken when she said," How did you end up in the woods?'' "I don't know. I don't remember much." I told her. "Ok, I'm not going to ask anymore. I'm just going to stay with you until you go back to sleep." So I lied back down and stared at the ceiling trying to remember how I got in the woods, but I couldn't remember anything. Soon I dosed off, and didn't have anymore nightmares. "Wake up sleepy head." Said Gloria. "You almost slept through morning." I woke up and sat up. She had a tray of food waiting for me. She handed it me the tray and left the room. I looked down at what was on the tray. I saw some green stuff, something mushy and white, and a piece of some kind of meat. I didn't want to eat it, but I was hungry. After I ate, a few minutes later Gloria came back and said to me, " It's time to take tests." "What tests?" I asked. "Oh some MRI' scans to make sure you don't have any brain damage." " Why do you have to know?" "So we can take care of it ,before it's too late." "Ok." I said. We left the room, and went down the hall. We came to these double doors and walked through them. Inside was a big machine and a glass window on the other side of the wall. It must be where the doctors sit behind. Gloria told me to lay down, so I did. Then she said we're ready then looked at me and said, " Just relax." I started to go in to the machine, and there was a red light going up and down. I stayed in there for a while. Gloria came back in and took me to an office. She told me that the doctor is going to be in about a few minutes. So I waited. The doctor came in and sat down behind a desk. "Hello, my name is Dr. Smith." He said. I wave my hand hi. " I just got your MRI scans, and they're off the charts." "What does that mean?" I asked. " Your MRI scans shows that your brain has a lot of activity going on." He said with amazement. " Your chats are off the scale." "Is that bad." I said. "No, its not. You are not suffering from brain damage, so that's a good thing. However because you don't remember anything before the police found you in the woods, it seems that you may be suffering from amnesia." I just stared and listened as he went through the charts, and pictures. " But you can leave. I'm sure you would get your memory back soon." "But I have nowhere to go." I told him. " Chief Swan is going to come get you, and you will go with him." "To where." "Well he said that you were going to stay with him, until you get a place of your own." Dr. Smith said. So I got up and went out the door. Gloria told me to wait in the front room, until Chief Swan came. Soon enough Chief Swan had came and found me in the waiting room. "How are you doing?" he said to me. "Fine." " Ok, let's get going I know you want to get out of this place." We left the detention center, taking a long ride to his house. I stared out the window, but all I seen was trees. It was all green, and wet. We reach his house which was a two story house surrounded by trees and woods. He guided me in, and told me that I was staying in the second room. I went upstairs, down the hall until I reached the room. Inside was a big bed, a dresser, another door, and a computer. The walls were white. And there was two windows on different sides of the wall. One was facing the front of the house, and the other was facing the woods. The room looked nice. I went to the dresser draw and open it. There was nothing in there. " I'm going to a friend's house, and see if she has any clothes that can fit you." Chief Swan said to me, standing in the door. "Thank you." I said. "Oh, I will also try enroll you in a school, you would be able to go to." "School?" "Yeah, school. Have you ever been to school before?" "No, unless I don't remember." I told him. I tuned back around, and close the draw. I started to walk to the other door that I seen. I opened it. which was a closet, because there were rails that are used to hang up clothes. When I turned back around Chief Swan was already gone. I turn and sat on the bed. It seems like there was nothing to do around here. Chief Swan came back, and said, '' Would you mind coming with me to a friend's house for a second." " Ok.'' So we both went back out and he drove for two miles from his house. We had reach our destination which was a small wood house. We walk up the walk way, and Chief Swan knocked on the door. A young boy opened the door. " Hey Jacob, how is it going." " Fine." The boy had to be in his early teens maybe. His long hair was in a pony tail and his features were child like. He stared at me. " Is this the girl, you told us about that was getting the truck." He said. " Yeah, this is Isabella." He introduced me. " Hi, it's nice to me you. You don't mind if I called you Bella for short." "It's fine, Jacob." I said. He was staring at me with a sparkle in his eyes. " So is your father in." Chief Swan replied. " Yeah, I go get him." Jacob went back inside. He came back with an older man in a wheel chair. He also had long hair. " Well, hello Charlie. Nice to see you." " Hey Billy. How's it going.'' Charlie replied. "It's going well. Have you come by to get the truck." Billy said. I didn't know what he was talking about. But it seems like Chief Swan came to get a truck from him. I wonder why. "Yes, I did come to get the truck for Bella." For me? " Bella is my house guest for a while, and I want her to go to school, so I thought about the truck. It would be nice for her to get around in." Billy, the guy in the wheel chair