Chapter 1 Birthday It's been two weeks since my accident and I'm caught up with my school work. My friends came by everyday to tell me the gossip that has been going on in the school including how Ashley and Jack been trying to tell anybody that would listen that they don't remember ever coming to the school and doing all those things. All of the graffiti is off the walls and the blood has been cleaned up. Prom has passed and Edward kept to his promise, we had movie night. I was still in the cast but my leg and arm had healed already and I was able to move around on a crutch. There was a knock on the door I went to answer it. I opened the door and Damon was standing on the porch with a present. "Happy Birthday." He said to me. I looked at him and the present dumbfounded. "Bella, it's your birthday today, May 13th, Friday the 13th." Damon said spookily. "It's my birthday. I...I don't know what to say." I said shocked. "It's alright I never told you. You was born in New Orleans, Louisania." Damon told me. I looked at him wide eyed. This is more information he has ever told me. I can't believe today is my birthday. I actually have a birthday. "How old am I?" I asked him. He moved into the living room putting my present on the table. "18 years old." He said to me. I closed the door and went into the living room. The present was a flat rectangle box with a red ribbon tied to it. "Can I open it?" I aked him. He rolled his eyes at me, picked up the box and handed it to me. "It's your present." He said to me. I grabbed the present, untied the ribbon and opened the box. I pushed the paper that was inside back where there was a picture of a woman. She looked familar but I couldn't remember where I seen her before. "I think I may have seen her before, but where?" I said. "She's your mother." Damon said. I looked at him wide eyes. I looked back at the picture. The woman was beatiful. Bunette hair, green eyes, full lips, round face, and a beatiful smile. "I don't have her eyes." I whispered. "No you don't have her eyes." He said. I brushed my hand over the picture. I stared at the picture for quite a while. "Do you like it?" Damon asked. The only thing Damon ever gave me on my family is the name of a women that he didn't know if she was my mother or not. "What's her name?" I asked him. "Hayley." Damon said. Could it be the same Hayley Marshall Damon told me about before? The one he said he didn't know if she was having a boy or a girl. "The same Hayley from before. So are you telling me that I'm her daughter." I said to Damon. "Yes the same Hayley." He said. I looked back at the picture. She seems so happy. Why was I taken from her? "What's Latnok?" I asked Damon sitting the picture down on the table. I moved to sit on the couch leaving Damon to stand there with a look of shock on his face. "Where did you hear that from?" He asked me not looking at me. "A nurse came into my hospital room with a needle with a pick liquid inside that she said would allow me to open the doors. Whatever that means? She also told me that you know all about them since you took me away from them." I said to him crossing my good arm under my bad arm over my chest. Damon covered his eyes with his hand sighing in frustration. I looked at the picture again. I can't take my eyes off of it. I actually get to see a picture of my birth mother. I can't wait to tell Charlie and Edward about this. I can't wait to tell them it's my birthday too. "I did take you away from Latnok. They was doing expirements I wasn't agreeing with. They wanted to learn more about you as well as, how you was able to pass all their tests." Damon said. "So they kidnapped me from my mother and made me their science expirement." I said through gritted teeth. And here I though Damon took me away from her. "Not exactly...could we not talk about this. The Cullens already asked me these questions which there wasn't much I could say." Damon said. "But I'm the birthday girl so it's my right that I get my way. Why would Edward ask you about Latnok? Did you give him more information than you are telling me." I asked. "No, I didn't tell him anything, just like how I'm not going to tell you anything. Latnok is a thing of the past that I will rectify." Damon said and he left inhuman as possible out the door slamming it shut. I sigh and grabbed the picture of my mother again. So I was born in New Orleans huh, the first step of finding out who I was. I almost dropped the picture when I started to get a headache. It was excrutiating plus my sight was blurry. I quickly put the picture down and rubbed my temples but it wasn't helping. Then it seems like I was hearing this high pitch sound in my head before the glass of water that was in front of me shattered into pieces. I tried standing but with my vision blurry it was hard trying not to stumble. The pain woresen and the window shattered in the living room. How was I going to explain that to Charlie. I basically had to crawl up the stairs and head toward the bathroom. I'm surprise I didn't faint because of the pain. My vision started to focus but now I was seeing black spots everywhere. I made it to the bathroom pulling myself up by the sink. I opened the medicine cabinet reaching around until I found the asprins. I put two in my mouth then cupped my hand to hold water to drink it. The sharp pain in my head happened again and I fell to the ground holding my head at the same time I heard glass breaking. Then all of a sudden it stopped. The headache was gone plus there was no high pitch sound I heard before. I got up making my way down stairs. I looked at the window in the living room with glass everywhere. There was nothing left of the window. I looked in the kitchen and saw that all the glass dishes were broken too. Ooh what would Charlie think if he saw this. There was a knock on the door. I went towards it and found Jacob standing on the porch. He was wearing a white collar shirt and black pants with his hair down. For him to be a teenager he still had a face of child. He smiled at me. "Hey Bella, how are you?" He asked. I moved to the side to let him in closing the door. "I feel better. Just got finish completing my school work, sitting here watching tv, and the best news I gotten today is that it's my birthday." I said to Jacob. "It's your birthday. Happy Birthday!" He said to me. He walked into the living room and saw glass everywhere on the floor. "Bella what happened in here?" Jacob asked. I shrugged my shoulders. What was I suppose to say? I had a headache and it caused the glass to shatter. What would he think of me? "I don't know about the window. I dropped my galss of water, I know that much. Maybe their was a blast from somewhere outside and the vibrations of it shattered the window." I lied. It seem like he believed me. "What to help me clean it up?" I said. I grabbed the broom and dust pan plus paper towels. Jacob took the broom and dust pan, sweeping the glass off the floor and I took the paper towels to soak up the water. He went into the kitchen to dump it. "My god Bella, in here too?" He said. Yeah in there too. "That must have been some huge blast. I wonder what exploded." Jacob said. Good question and no answer for. We finished cleaning up all of the glass and sat in the living room talking. "What am I going to do about the window?" I asked Jacob. "I have no clue. Maybe Charlie could call someone to fix it. When are you going to come visit me on my turf?" Jacob asked me. "I'm not sure. Hopefully soon." I said to him. "There was something else I wanted to tell you, well needed to tell you." Jacob said looking serious now. "What is it?" I asked. "My dad wanted me to tell you that We will be watching you and that boyfriend of yours ." Jacob said. Watching me for what. "What does that mean?" I asked him. "Who knows? My dad is superstitious. It's probably nothing." He said. He saw the picture that was sitting on the table. "Who's that?" He pointed. "Her name is Hayley, she's my birth mother." I told him. He picked up the picture. "Who gave this to you?" He asked. "Damon. He's the one that knows everything about my family but doesn't give me any information about them. This is the first time that he actually gave me useful information." I said to him. "I bet you're happy about knowing what your birth mother finally looks like. You look just like her, except for the eyes." He said. I smiled at him. I asked if he wanted to stay and watch a movie which he agreed so we watched The Maze Runner. Edward's POV School was offically boring without my Bella around to keep me company. Prom is over and everyone is still feeling the buzz of that night. Ashley and Jack was back and everyone was looking at them in a different way. They were still trying to get anybody that would listen to them that they don't remember doing all those terrible things. I mean how could they not, they were found the next morning still in the school. I looked inside their thoughts as they recounting that night. It goes from them being at the school for cheerleading practice and football pratice, going to their lockers, hearing a noise like someone was also there, then nothing. It then goes to them waking up naked. There is something missing. A part of their story that was taken out. The only time I came across something similar to that was when Bella couldn't remember how she ended up in the woods after I found her in her room sleeping. "Ashley and Jack was compelled." I said. My siblings looked at me in confusion. I spoke low enough so no one around would hear. "There is a part of their story that is not adding up. When I read their mind there was darkness before going to something else that happened that night they graffitied the school. It's just like how Bella couldn't remember going into the woods." I said. "Who would compel them to vandilize the school? For a joke." Jasper said. "I'm not sure but there's something going on here." I said. Alice eyes glazed over as she was having a vision. I watched the vision play out. It's Bella's birthday today. Alice vision ended. "Oh my goodness, today is Bella's birthday!" she said excitedly jumping up and down in her chair. "Are you serious. How do you know?" Rosalie said. "Damon came to see her and gave her a present of a women. Her birth mother." Alice said. Wow a