Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori Author's Note: This short story was inspired by 'The Lordof the Rings' musical. The scene when Legolas meets Elemmirë again was inspired by 'LothLorien'. When Legolas cries to Sauron, that elvish anger was inspired by Glorfindel and the other Elves chanting to protect Frodo at the end of 'Flight to the Fords'. Also, all the text in bold are taken from the chapter 'LothLórien' from the second book of J. R. R. Tolkien's 'The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring' – I did not write them and they do not belong to myself. PLEASE do not take this story the wrong way – this is not a romance. Final thing: forgive me for stating the blatantly obvious, but all of the characters used below belong to J. R. R. Tolkien and not myself, with the exception of Elemmirë, who belongs to me. Enjoy! " There lie the woods of LothLórien!' said Legolas. 'That is the fairest of all the dwellings of my people. There are no trees like the trees of that land. For in the autumn their leaves fall not, but turn to gold. Not till the spring comes and the new green opens do they fall, and the boughs are laden with yellows flowers; and the floors of the wood is golden, and golden is the roof, and its pillars are of silver, for the bark of the trees is smooth and grey. So still our songs in Mirkwood say. My heart would be glad if I were beneath the eaves of that wood, and it were springtime!" The Fellowship walked, heavy of heart, into the Great Wood, desperate in their weary hearts for no danger to approach them, for they had not the strength or the energy to fight them off after running for their very lives through the dark Mines of Moria. They knew that Orcs followed their trail, so they moved as swiftly as they could (much though their legs desired them to stop, particularly those of the Hobbits) and soon they met a group of Lorien Elves, led by Haldir, warrior of Lórien, who promised them protection, for they were in the favour of the Lady. All were amazed and bedazzled by the beauty and ambience in LothLórien – it was like nothing they had ever seen before. It was a dreamland born into reality. Many cursed the fact that it was winter, for they could all imagine the stunning sight it would be at the break of spring or in the thick of summer. But nothing within the magnificent forest could prepare them for the fairness of the Lady Galadriel and the splendour of her husband, the Lord Celeborn. The pair spoke with what remained of the Fellowship and the Lady searched deep with their hearts and minds, seeing what plagued them and their true intentions, be they good or bad. After speaking with the ancient couple (though their faces showed no sign of their true age), the Fellowship were granted leave to rest in peace within the forest in order to recover before they set off once again. As they climbed down from the great talan and onto the earth, the Hobbits immediately huddled together to find somewhere to sleep. They spoke together, though not as much as usual, as their hearts were still grieving from the loss of their dear friend and guide, Gandalf the Grey. In fact, due to their great physical and mental fatigue, they were unusually quiet. Boromir walked off alone, feeling very uneasy in such a strange realm, so very different to his home. Gimli felt equally uneasy and slightly unprotected (being in an elvish land) but his fatigue was also too strong and overcame him, causing him to fall into a deep sleep. Aragorn felt very much at ease here, being well-known amongst the Elves and the Lady. Legolas, too, felt at ease; for him, being able to walk into such a land was a dream come true, a dream which he thought, in dark days such as these, would never come true. The Fellowship, although feeling very alone and separated, all stayed within a good distance of each other, all of them within each other's sight. All was fairly silent – rarely did people speak – but whenever they did, no-one dared to mention the One Ring. The first time anyone spoke was when some of the Hobbits asked Legolas to translate the elvish lament that the Lórien elves were singing for Gandalf. He refused them, saying the grief in his heart was still to near, and silence fell upon them again. Suddenly, Gimli exclaimed loudly and launched himself up, axe in hand. At the same time, there was a small feminine shriek, though no-one could see where it came from, save the Dwarf. He had been unaware of the female's presence until he suddenly saw her face peering around from a tree trunk, which had startled him and made him jump. "What is it, Gimli?" Aragorn asked, knowing in his heart that no danger could come to them without being obliterated by the Elves first. "We're being watched" the dwarf replied. "Well, of course we are!" replied Pippin. "It's the Elves protecting us!" "You're very right, Pip" Merry said. "Thank you, Merry". The Dwarf said nothing, except watching the feminine Elf very carefully, or at least watching her as much as he could, as she was still hiding behind the tree. The Fellowship group had now come together a little more to see what was going on. Aragorn placed his hand on Gimli's axe, gesturing to him to lower it, as he spoke: "Come forward!" he called gently. "You have no need to fear us – we mean you no harm". No sound of movement followed. Legolas spoke the same message again but in the elvish tongue, in case she did not speak the Common Tongue of the West. After he had finished speaking, she slowly peered around the tree trunk, surveying the odd group before her. When her eyes found Legolas, however, her fear of them seemed to decrease a little and she revealed herself a little more. She was very young, younger than any of the other Elves the Fellowship had seen. She looked very much like a child – not an infant, but not yet an adult. Her eyes glistened as she looked at the Mirkwood Prince. When he saw her, his eyes too glistened, though no-one noticed. "Legolas Thranduilion?" she asked, her voice soft and melodic, yet full of hope and expectancy. "Elemmirë?" Legolas said, equally hopeful and surprised. "Legolas!" she cried out, delighted. She ran towards him, clothed in stainless white, only to stop a couple of feet away from him to place her hand on her chest and bow low before him. Legolas smiled, but reminded her that there was no need for such respect. "I am your friend here, not your Prince". She looked up, their eyes meeting once again. The abounding joy in them was wonderful to behold and the colour of her eyes shown out clearly against her pale face. She beamed, stood up straight before Legolas and held him tightly, laughing with glee. Legolas, too, wrapped his arms around her tenderly, for he had not seen her in many years. "Oh, child of my heart" he said to her softly in their own tongue, happiness clear in his voice. After a couple of moments, they let go and he looked at her, for he had not seen her in many a year. "You have grown!" he remarked, smiling still. "Both in height and beauty. I do not believe I have ever seen you look so fair…" She delighted in his compliments and rejoiced in his presence. During the Fellowship's stay in LothLórien, Legolas spent much of his time amongst the other Lórien elves, but now he had found Elemmirë, he spent much of his time with her. Many hours of many days he spent with her, either walking with her through the forest or sitting with her by the edge of the Nimrodel stream. Sometimes their voices could even be heard drifting down the water's path as they sang songs they would sing in the Great Halls of Mirkwood or perhaps songs they had simply made-up together, and their voices would blend and be beautiful, harmonising with great elegance. They were so beautiful in fact that once or twice, Frodo and some of the other Hobbits asked for translations, but Legolas said he could not – he claimed he did not know how. She was the purest of creatures the Fellowship ever set eyes on during their quest. No evil had touched her, not her mind ever corrupted. Her white clothing suited matched the purity of her heart and soul and her face was as fair as all Elf faces were, though her youth made her even more splendid to the eye. Her eyes were a deep sapphire, her hands pale, almost white as her cloth and her voice was melodic like the songs that the Elves sang together as if they were home in times of peace. Many of the Fellowship wondered what his relationship with the young girl was, but whenever he was among them and they asked him (only the Hobbits ever did), he said nothing of her, only that she was a friend and they had no need to fear her or any of the other Elves in the magical realm. The only person Legolas ever spoke of her to Aragorn, and only when they were alone: "She is an Elf-Child – there are very few of them left now, they are rare to find in days such as these. She dwelt in Mirkwood for a time – her parents were killed protecting the forest, slaughtered by the dark creatures of Sauron. She never knew them. But her spirit is so pure and happy, your heart feels warm in her presence and your soul strengthened by her courage. I have never seen her weep or despair, only ever smile. My father and I know her well – you cannot help but befriend her!" Both Aragorn and Legolas smiled. She seemed like an angel, an odd and rare creature to find in these dark days. "She still dwelt in Mirkwood when I left to embark on this quest. I wonder what choice made her come here? Perhaps for protection – the forest of Mirkwood grows darker and ever more dangerous and no harm can come to her under the protection of the Lady". The sickle Moon was gleaming dimly among the leaves. The wind was still. A little way off, he (Frodo) heard a harsh laugh and the tread of many feet on the ground below. There was a ring of metal. The sounds died slowly away, and seemed to go southward, on into the wood. A head appeared suddenly through the hole in the flet. Frodo sat up in alarm and saw that it was a grey-hooded Elf. He looked towards the Hobbits. " What is it?" said Frodo. " Yrch!" said the Elf in a hissing whisper, and cast on to the flet the rope-ladder rolled up. " Orcs!" said Frodo. "What are they doing?" But the Elf had gone. Legolas had felt their presence and had not fully slept that night. He had dreamt, his mind running under the stars through a lush, green forest in happier times, but the shadow of their presence in such a sacred place did not leave his heart. Even though the stars shown clearly and brightly above him, he felt like something truly dark and evil had passed over the land, even though he knew no evil or danger would reach them, thanks to the protection of the warriors of LothLórien. He rose long before any of the rest of the Fellowship – just as