AN: Sorry, this note is going to be long. But let's get it out of the way first. Some of it's kinda important. If nothing else, please at least read the warnings. MAJOR WARNING: This was my attempt to write Rosalie as a rape victim visibly suffering from trauma. As such, this could cause TRIGGERS. And while I did do some research, I'm not sure it was enough, and if you are a rape victim and thinks it in any way diminishes, trivializes, or offensively misrepresents the experience, I am SO sorry, I will personally apologize a million times over, and if you tell me what was wrong, I will fix it or, if it's too major to fix, pull this down altogether. ALSO, there's suicidal thoughts, and Rosalie victim-blaming herself. So people, tread carefully. Meyer says that you're stuck in the mindset from your turning, so this is me reimagining Rosalie to see how she could've become her seemingly untraumatized "canon" self. I think this is best described as an AU In Which I Try to Make Sense of Everything. Several ideas come from the excellent sporkings of the series over at Das Sporking. Sensory enhancement overwhelming you at first comes from The Secrets of the Immortal, Nicholas Flamel. A note on style: I wrote this very weirdly, and among the weirdest parts is that occasionally it verges on stream-of-consciousness. Feel free to tell me how much I fail at the sorta-stream. Also, I didn't use quotations marks. I'm not sure how any of this happened. OTHER WARNING: Aside from the aforementioned and canonical murders, while re-envisioning Rosalie, I also reinvented her relationship with Emmett. It is not healthy. The one between Esme and Carlisle is only hinted at, but I think it's probably even worse. I am absolutely not advocating either as a normal or standard romance. But that's what you get when you live in a creepy, creepy world. Thanks, Meyer. She has been ruined. That is the first thing Rosalie realizes when she wakes up. She feels irrevocably wrong. Everything is too sharp, too strong on her skin, the sensations burning into her, even though it's only the cloth and softness of a bed that she does not recall lying down on. Her throat burns. When she opens her eyes, she sees the tiniest bumps on the ceiling and faint cracks in the paint. All the detail makes her eyes ache. She has to shut them quickly before she throws up. But most of all, there is a growing sense of something gnawing at her stomach. It tells her she is broken. She tries to remember why, and then memories come back. She wants to throw up again. The door opens and in comes a stranger dressed in a suit. Stranger. Another stranger. The last time she saw strangers . . . Oh, good, you're awake, he says, ignoring her fear. Who are you? Oh God, oh God, oh God. Could he be here to violate her as well? Fear and panic surge in her. She tries to scramble back, but back there's only a wall. No escape. She tries to get up and run but as soon as her legs brush the covers all the sensations are overwhelming again and she can't handle it and oh God how does she stop this? He crosses the room and opens curtains. Sunlight bursts in like the Biblical flood of Noah, each ray a stream of fire. She screams in pain and then curls into a ball, because how can anyone's eyes withstand fire? Is this his way of preventing her from running? I saved you, he answers, flashing a perfect white smile at her. He is handsome, with dark hair and a gentlemanly face, but she'd thought Royce was a gentleman too, so all his good looks and clear wealth mean nothing to her. Why is she here? Why isn't she back home? Even home, with her shallow father and materialistic, social-climbing mother, would be better than this. At least she knows they won't hurt her. If only because they don't care enough to hurt her. Something inside her finally registers what he said. Saved her. She hunches over and clutches at her sides defensively. She'd hardly call this being saved. Everything hurts. Her senses are too much to handle. Her memories make her skin crawl and stomach revolt at the idea of anyone so much as touching her. She feels sick and dirty and she needs to wash herself clean. Well, why did you get to decide? she wants to scream at him. What if I wanted to die? She closes her eyes and thinks. And understands what he's done to her. Played God, that's what. He'd saved her without asking. Decided what to do with her himself. Took her away from everything she knew. And done something to her. None of it with her permission. We haven't been introduced yet. I am Carlisle Cullen. And she is someone who doesn't care. When she doesn't respond to him out loud, Carlisle continues to talk. He tells her where they are. His house, in downstate New York. Rosalie wonders how far she is away from home, and if she could possibly find her way back. He tells her what time it is. Three days after she nearly died. Then he tells her why she's here. And it's a bombshell. Carlisle explains to her with still-smiling face and never-faltering expression that he hopes his son will choose her to be his companion. The blood drains out of Rosalie's face. She'd been . . . chosen? The way you chose a commodity at the store? The way Royce had chosen her? She scrambles backwards again, still unused to moving with so much sensory information, but this time she manages to fight it down, knowing she has to flee. And then he is directly in front of her face, gripping a wrist loosely but his hand is iron and he's all smiles as he says where do you think you're going? He's holding me down just like Royce did when he touched me like that and he's so strong I can't break free what am I going to do am I going to die this time Rosalie, he says, and the sound of her name breaks her out of the spell. She starts and jolts backwards, her hand escaping his, and she relaxes a little. But only a little. There's still a threat edging his expression, and it's a little too dark for comfort. She cannot deal with whatever was done to her body. He has clearly adjusted. He is stronger than her. So she must submit. Again. She fights down the screams and the tears and the panic and forces herself to relax. She will endure. She has to. How else is she supposed to get her revenge? He smiles at her again, this time the smile of a satisfied predator. Go downstairs, he says. There you can meet the family. Rosalie hurts too much to care about the implications of that. . . . Vampire. That's what they tell her she is. A vampire. It sounds ludicrous. Do you really think I'll fall for that? I'm not five, she says, but they assure her with serious faces no, it's true. And then remind her of her new senses and strength. Present her with a glass of dark red liquid. Blood red, in fact. She drains it all before she even realizes that it's actual, real blood. The revulsion sinks in moments after she's finished drinking. What has she become? An animal? She starts to gag. She just drank blood. Blood. She stands up and shouts. What did you do to me, you BASTARDS? Now, Rosalie, that's no way to talk for a proper young lady. I just drank blood ! She's trembling but not out of fear, her fists balled up, ready and willing to punch someone if the nausea doesn't take her first. You've made me a monster! It was animal blood, Carlisle says, regarding her amusedly over a newspaper. She pauses. Reconsiders. All right. Not as bad. Bad, but not as bad. But why didn't they tell her earlier? They didn't have the chance. They didn't think that this would be a problem. They thought she already knew. All her answers sound like excuses. (Real answer: they didn't care) . . . She meets Edward after "breakfast." They drag her into a living room decorated all ostentatious nouveau riche before she can hide off somewhere to plan an escape, and she doesn't dare betray any more signs of resistance. She knows she's too unused to her changed body and has too little experience fighting to defeat them if they chase her. They tell her where they're going on the way, and as soon as they explain, her mind starts filling in blanks. His fault, his fault. She shuts it down. Carlisle chose, not him. Edward is still innocent. Their precious son turns out to be sitting on a couch, sprawled over it languidly like a cat, and looks up when she's led into the room. He's tall, with bronze-colored hair and marble-pale skin. Objectively, he's perfect. She hates him immediately. It's in the ways his eyes rake over her immediately, as if to assess her beauty (or lack thereof). It's in the arrogant twist to his lips. The bored look in his eyes. He is empty. Empty, vain, and shallow. By the way he looks at her, he feels the same. Well, he has the emptiness right, at least. Rosalie shivers from that look, that implies she's something like meat, and immediately goes to shower. She scrubs her skin raw. . . . Some days, Rosalie can't get out of bed. She feels hopeless and filthy but she's so broken she can't even muster up the willpower to try and clean herself she's worthless so worthless. Esme comes to fetch her one of those times, and then all her depression turns to anger, and she throws a vase at her. Carlisle lectures her for that. Rosalie tunes him out. His eyes stay on her the whole time, and does he desire her too? She sees Royce in him for a moment and leaps away, heart racing, mind scrambling for an escape, and he looks puzzled, but then shakes his head and continues. He leaves, and she takes another shower. By the time she comes out, the water has gone cold. She just wants to sleep again. Sink into the blissful unconsciousness and forget. . . . Her first escape attempt is simple. She walks out of the house and tries to find someone willing to bring her home. Her family is rich. She is still beautiful, so they will still want her. She is strong enough to defy any kidnapping attempt. The moment she scents a human, the bloodlust surges, and she realizes that her plan won't work. She turns around and walks back before they come close enough that she no longer has the option. At dinner that night, she asks casually how long these cravings will last. Oh, a year, Esme responds, equally casual, and Rosalie's heart drops. . . . It's true that as a human, Rosalie was obsessed with her beauty. Now she can't bring herself to care about it. The rare moments she has anything but apathy towards her appearance, there is only loathing. Her beauty destroyed her. She wouldn't have been . . . violated that way if it weren't for her looks. The only thing keeping her from taking a knife to her hair and skin is that her beauty is still a weapon, and can possibly buy passage home. That, and it's one of the few things she carried over from her old life. Still, when Esme tries to ply her with delicate perfumes, fine clothes, expensive makeup, she accepts them and tries them on. She has no