More than Gravity is a story that just came to me randomly. It's been a while since I updated or even written a fanfiction. Then a day such as this, it just felt right. Finished in one day and a headache as comfort (wworth it though) I might have this as a shorter story or a longer, depends on what I feel like and if the story is responded well to. Hopefully you'll like it, if not then I have other stories you might like. I won't steal any more of your time. So enjoy reading this little chapter! Disclaimer: I do not own any rights for Harry Potter and never will. All rights goes to J.K Rowling. I just bend on the characters for fanfictions. Warnings: I've mentioned this in other stories but might as well do here too. I probably have a few spelling errors here and there and if you find any just tell me and help me improve! Second warning is that this story will have A LOT of mature stuff. Some chapters might be more mature than others and with mature I mean sex/fetish/bondage (the later will probably appear on future chapters not sure) and this first chapter will include mature. So no flames since you have now been warned. If you're into that stuff then just go ahead and read! 1999 September 13th. Mondays Mondays are easily the worst day of the week. It's the first day of the school week addition to all classes with the rivalry house Gryffindor. To say Draco Malfoy wasn't fond of the day was to put it mildly. He figured everything that happened last year, when Voldemort was defeated things would be different. Nope, he had been mistaken, Draco still hated the boasting Gryffindors. Ironically his hatred had actually grown towards them. He hadn't planned on returning back to Hogwarts after the battle however his mother slithered her way around, persuading her son that it would benefit him in the future. Apparently his grades and 'graduation' was of great importance now. As his father was still imprisoned at Azkaban Narcissa had to make decisions at the manor, and thought it best for her son to get a proper education. Their family went through a lot that year, and the last thing Draco wanted to do was hurt his mother's feelings. Which lead him to finally agree on returning back to Hogwarts. Alongside Draco there was only 100 'old' students coming back, and ten of them was Slytherins. Mostly because of the war many had vanished or died at the battle. One of Draco's better friends had died, Blaise Zabini. It had taken a long time to process his friend's death since Draco didn't really open up to just anyone. Not so surprisingly almost every Gryffindor and Ravenclaw came back (the ones that survived.) Even the golden boy and his annoying friend know-it-all, the Weasel hadn't returned however. Despite the nicknames there wasn't any malice towards them anymore, Draco just simply ignored them. It just felt pointless to even be bothered by them. For the first time Draco didn't have anyone else telling him what's wrong or right. Commanding him on what to do. Having the deatheater mark on his right arm for a weak reminder. The day Voldemort was finally defeated Draco felt relieved. Even his father had felt remorse and tried to make up for the years serving the Dark Lord. Draco highly doubted that his father would truly change his ways, he was too far gone and soon after the trial was over. Lucius was taken away and imprisoned at Azkaban. Now Draco could decide for himself, something he never had an option to do when he was younger. Despite his mother's wishes for him to return back to Hogwarts. He now had a second chance to make this school year become better than his previous ones. However a few things never changed. Which led to why Draco hated Mondays and how the hatred had only grown towards Gryffindors. 1999 September 13th. Annoyed First class with the Gryffindors happened to be Draco's favourite subject, potions. With the death of Severus Snape, the former Professor Horace Slughorn had taken his place tutoring once again. Draco considered him being ancient and that the old bat should retire. Mostly because Slughorn always regarded Draco with a skittish nervous expression. It was an expression Draco was faced with from many students this year. Only the slightest bump from a first year, and they would quickly stutter out an apology and run away. At the beginning of the school year Draco hadn't expected any less but now it was starting to piss him off. Did they really expect him to become evil and use an unforgivable? Maybe that would've been his future last year, if things ended up differently. The scared expressions wasn't the only ones Draco was haunted by. There had been some admiration as well, particularly coming from Gryffindor girls and some boys. The Hufflepuffs had even turned to extreme, writing him love letters with confetti. If Draco knew that returning back to Hogwarts was going to end up like this, he'd rather just stayed back at the manor. Instead he had to either endure the ogling girls from the first row on his left, or the glaring eyes at his left. There's only that much a bloke could stand as Draco slumped his usually composed shoulders turning his attention back to the boiling cauldron adding the moondew drops . He gave a frustrated groan. "What's that for?" the voice beside him asked while stopping cutting the ingredients needed for the Wiggenweld potion. Draco looked at his fellow Slytherin, Theodore Nott. They never been that close in the early years, but now they were the only ones left in their circle of friends. It could've been worse, Theodore was an alright bloke so they got along fairly well. Draco wasn't in the mood for gossip so he figured that he could change the topic of conversation elsewhere, gesturing to the ingredients needed. "It says 'heat until the potion turns yellow' and then I added the moondew drops" read Draco with a simple shrug on his shoulders. Once again returning to follow the instructions based from the textbook. Theodore scoffed. "You know very well that it wasn't what I referred to" he pointed out matter of fact, placing down the knife on the desk to face Draco fully. "You seem pissed for a reason, and the annoyed groan just now made it pretty obvious that you are" "I'm not" "You are-" "Not-" "Yes-" "No" They continued arguing and it probably would've continued on like that if Draco hadn't felt the boring eyes of Theodore, a look that said I'm not dropping this so just spit it out . Again Draco groaned this was definitely not what he agreed to come back to. "It's them" he gritted out his voice hushed so only Theo could hear. Theodore raised a brow at him. "Them? Them who exactly?" he asked more intrigued. Draco rolled his eyes incredulous at Theo's question. "Who do you think? Voldemort?" Draco hadn't really meant to blurt the name out, he even flinched himself for saying it and was grateful that only the wizard next to him had heard. "Yes them-" he gestured with a hand towards the giggling girls at the front row and the rest of the glaring students at left. "- it's starting to piss me off. Everyday is the same. You'd think by now they found something better to do" he continued with a snarl. Theodore none the wiser looked at the people Draco gestured at and then back to the blonde. "Do you mean you're annoyed because of the attention you're getting. Or that that people are starting to see who you truly are?" Theodore questioned crossing his arm over his robes. He didn't mean any harm by it, his curiosity taking the better of him. Draco lips turning into a sneer. "They don't see shit. So obviously the former" he spat the words with venom. Draco had always been this way, there was no lies in his personality only in his actions during the war. Now it was Theodore's time to roll his eyes, that was just utterly bullshit. "Keep telling yourself that. I don't think you're that bothered about the attention to be honest" said Theo inspecting the wizard in front him. Draco gave a insulted snort at the words. What could possibly Theodore know? Now he was just assuming things which clearly didn't sit right in Draco's head. Deciding that the potion should be his point of focus he ignored the Slytherin again and added the honeywater as he watched the liquid turn turquoise, increasing the heat to the cauldron. "Don't ignore me Malfoy I-" "Hey" Draco looked up to see the Gryffindor brunette standing beside them, or rather beside Theodore. He saw his friend's face lit up which formed a sickening sneer on Draco's. One annoying thing Draco forgotten to mention was Theodore's know-it-all girlfriend. The surprise he expressed when the Slytherin told him they started dating that summer and then later became a couple was big. He never thought Nott would ever settle for a muggleborn although things had changed and Theo had even told Draco he never believed in the prejudice between the wizarding statuses. "How's the potion going?" she asked Theo who was still staring at her with love sick puppy eyes. Draco couldn't help but roll his eyes at her question. He knew that wasn't the reason she walked up to them. "Fine, just fine. And you?" "Already done" she declared with a sassy smirk. Draco heard the snicker grumbling from Theo and his own fingers gripped the edge of the desk the knuckles turning white, wanting to get the hell out of there in that second. "So cocky, I like it. Maybe you could give us a hand?" he suggested and there was a pause from the female as she tucked her lower lip inside her mouth glancing over to the blonde. "I don't think both of you would approve" saying that in a hushed tone earning a roll on Theo's eyes. "Don't-" Theo begun only to feel her soft small hands placed on top his mouth. Leaning up on her toes to whisper something indecent in his ear, because Theo flushed just when she pulled back. "Such a minx" he growled and she smirked uncharacteristic at him. That's when Draco snapped, pushing himself away from the desk and he scowled at Granger. "Can you just sod off and go back to your own potion Granger" he spat, his icy-grey eyes turning darker when glared at her, Granger wasn't one to back down a challenge and she stared back at him instead she had a growing smirk. "What's wrong Draco? Bad day?" his eyes twitched by the use of his first name, though he should've been used by that now because she still continued calling him that whenever they crossed path. "Malfoy" he corrected with a growl. "Of course" said Granger with an all too sweet voice flashing him a smile before turning around to her boyfriend. "Will I still see you later tonight?" "I wouldn't miss it" Theo told her with an all too knowing smirk. Draco just about had enough of their small display of affections. They can continue that when he wasn't present and had to be grossed out in the progress. Before he knew it Granger had finally departed and Draco controlled himself breathing in a deep sigh. "You don't have to act like a jerk" and Draco raised a brow at Theo. "I'm always a jerk, why should I change now?" there was a silence between the two and Theo was the first one to speak. "That isn't true. Everyone else can see that. So why can't you?" Draco hadn't seen that response coming and he was surprisingly loss for