A/N: Yes, I know a new fanfiction from me...(Why Tess? Why not just finish your other fanfics before starting on a new one?) Because honestly (sadly) I have no plot for the others...or well I have no plot for Obscure Reality...not yet...or I can't come up with a good chapter. But I really try to. But for now I really have this amazing inspiration for this new fanfiction, I truly hope you will enjoy this new fanfiction written by me. Was up all night editing this chapter and quite satisfied with the outcome. Loads of parings in this one :3 So if you like those kinds of fanfics then make sure to follow it! Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter (sadly) J.K Rowling is the true creator of this masterpiece. I only use my own imagination for a different storyline. So enjoy! Short Prologue The conclusion of a war can change a person rather drastically. Either it be for the worse or for the better. It had been five years since the last battle ended and conquered. Many lives were lost. However despite it all, life went on for the remaining heroes. New rules were made to be set and the Phoenix order was disbanded. Instead a growing amount of compatible auror's took charge. The prejudice against muggleborns no more existed, and muggle inventions were introduced to the world. One item in particular, the television. Slowly but steady the Wizarding World was yet again returning to the world everyone once loved. This is the part of another story. A story not yet too been told. Now when the golden boy's adventure had come to pass. For this is about a bookworm called Hermione Granger, and her journey has just begun. HG/DM/AP/ZS/CW/DT/MF/RD/TB/TH/OW Chapter 1 The Article. It was an early Wednesday morning; Hermione was sitting in her new apartment in Wizarding London, drifting off to her dream-world of classical literature and romance novels. It's one rare pleasure she found herself quite fond off, when not engrossed with paper-works. Hermione even dared to admit that her pretended romance in books was more satisfying than her none existent in real life. She did date Ron for a while after the war but they grew apart and realised they were better suited as friends, and that was four years ago. Now Ron's dating Cho, they met on work and their relationship has flourished since then, and Hermione had stayed far away from relationships and boys ever since. Even Harry settled down. He and Ginny moved to Grimmauld Place and they're now expecting their first child. Hermione gave an exaggerated yawn, stretching her body from sitting on the couch for far too long. Tearing her eyes away from her book, glancing at the living room clock. Her eyes widening when she noticed her book reading made her forget about time...again. "Ginny's going to kill me" she panicked and slammed her book shut, placing it back to the bookshelf. She rushed inside her bedroom and grabbed some clothes from the wardrobe, not really caring about the outfit so she dressed quickly. Hermione had promised Ginny to make an early visit before heading to work. Ginny had snapped at her on the phone the day before, phrasing Ginny 'Your work takes all your waking hour! I demand some Ginny time!' Hermione chuckled softly to the memory, typically Ginny referring herself as needed Ginny time. Hermione hurried with her last efforts with her socks and managed to pull them on. Then she headed inside the bathroom real quickly and brushed her hair so it was more tame. Ignoring the need to brush her teeth as Ginny had made breakfast, and if Hermione knew her friend right she always made alot to eat. Especially now with the raging baby hormones. When she decided she was all done she made her way to the door, but checked once more that everything was in order. Then she exited her apartment and disapparated, towards Harry and Gin's house. "Took you long enough" a bothered redheaded witch said while opening the door to Hermione. Ginny pouted and crossed her arms over her pregnant belly. Hermione grinned sheepishly, pulling a small strand away from her face as she stepped inside the house. "Sorry, lost track of time" she apologized, and gave a quick hug to the redheaded witch, who just pursed her lips. "Uh-hu. A good book I presume?" Ginny teased smirking. Knowing the exact cause for Hermione's lateness, there was always a book involved. Hermione just chuckled, having no good apology for that retort. "Yes, actually it is. It's really fascinating, I recommend you read it" Hermione suggested, giving a sassy smirk on her own, to which only amused her more when she saw the look on Ginny's face. "Not likely" she replied, almost looking offended. "Now! Before you start rambling about this oh so 'glorious' book of yours I suggest with start with breakfast. Because I'm famished!" Ginny added just as her stomach grumbled loudly, making both witches laugh out loud. Hermione nodded her head, liking that idea very much. So they both headed to the kitchen. "So how's the pregnancy been going?" Hermione asked as she bit down on her toast, glancing at Ginny's big stomach. She reckoned her being 7 months pregnant. Ginny peered down at her stomach rubbing it gently. "It's been rough. I have to admit it's not like I've expected it to be. Sure it's been lovely too, but all this morning sickness...I just thought it would've been gone by now" she mentioned with a sigh, staring back at Hermione. "Harry has been annoying too! He's way to overprotective! He won't let me do anything. He didn't even let me carry a box to the attic, He told me that I was in a too fragile state right now" Ginny scoffed while Hermione laughed out loud. "What did you do?" she asked interested. Ginny smirked. "I hexed a leg lock on his feet and dangled him upside down in the air. He haven't called me fragile ever since" they both burst into laughs again, Hermione even clutching her sides from all the laughter. "I'm sad I missed that. It would've been a hilarious sight to see" Hermione spoke as her laughter tuned down. "Well that's because you never have time for us anymore. Your work is your first priority and we never get to see you. So that's entirely your fault" Ginny half snapped, thinning her lips. Hermione blinked surprised by Ginny's snapping at her. Had she deserved it? Well maybe, but it was a bit sudden. Had Hermione really neglected her friends that much? She was just about to make an apology when Ginny beat her to it. "Sorry, I didn't mean to snap like that. It's just the baby hormones, so don't mind me" she added a bit calmer this time. Hermione smiled, she understood it must be hectic and stressful with the pregnancy. Hermione patted Ginny's hand, giving a small smile to which Ginny greeted with her own. "It's fine Gin. I guess it's alot to process now. I'm sorry too. I'll promise to keep in touch more often" she reassured. Leaving Ginny's hand she reached over to the bacon and placed three pieces on her plate and started eating. "Oh that reminds me. How's Harry been doing at his work as auror? I heard some rumours about him and Ron catching a former death eather last week?" Ginny nodded her head agreeably, as she took a bite of her own food. "You heard correct. He and Ron did in fact catch a former death eather. Although it's none we have heard off before. But it's nice to know the world will be a safer place with yet another former death eather imprisoned" Hermione smiled, looking down at her half-finished plate. How she missed Harry and Ron. The both of them working as aurors. She still remembered when they all decided to work together as aurors, fighting crime...in a matter of speaking. All that changed when the war ended. That's when Hermione knew she couldn't face those challenges every day, so when she gotten a job offer as an auror she happily declined and now she's working with something that is more enjoyable and less adventurous, at the Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes, muggle committee. Hermione must've zoomed out because Ginny was waving her hand in front of Hermione's oblivious face. "Hello? Earth to Hermione. Are you still there?" she heard a distant chuckle from Ginny and snapped out of her small trans and blushed. "Sorry, you were saying?" Ginny huffed with a sigh slipping through her sealed lips, shaking her head. "Like I was saying 'before' you dozed off on me" she stated with a glare. "You should have a look on this" Ginny smirked and pushed the daily prophet to Hermione's reach. "Hmm?" she glanced down at the news tabloid and frowned. "Care to evaluate what I'm looking at here?" she asked with a puzzled frown. Ginny rolled her eyes, pointing with her finger on the small article to the bottom left. It was hardly readable and Hermione had to squint her eyes to read it better. "Isn't it great?" Ginny cheered loudly, getting all excited while Hermione was still trying to figure out what all the fuzz was about. She didn't even get enough time to read the entire article as Ginny pulled it back to her grasp. Hermione frowned at Ginny once more. "I wasn't finished reading Gin" Ginny decided to ignore Hermione and smiled wickedly, clearing her throat and re-read the article out loud. "Feeling romantically challenged, miss the heated passion and with less drama? Or the right kind of drama? Then this might be something for you. We're now looking for a young single woman around 20-30 years old that will date 20 young eligible men for our new Wizarding tv show 'Madness in love'. Every week there will be an elimination to find your true love. Does this sound like anything for you? Then don't hesitate any longer write your acceptance letter and sign in...-" Ginny continued reading the article but Hermione had stopped listening when she heard Ginny mentioning 'dating 20 men'. "Wait? What? Are they insane? Who in their sane minds would even consider participating in this pathetic love game?" Hermione outburst, which made Ginny look at Hermione in bewilderment. "Well, I would...if I didn't already have the most amazing husband that cares for me" Hermione rolled her eyes by that. Honestly the article was so cliché it made her want to barf. "Ah, c'mon Mione. Think about it. Having the attention from 20 men, gawking after you, wanting you, and in the end it's you that have the power. So my obvious answer...of course women would love that. It's in our nature to like the attention" Ginny chuckled while Hermione snorted disgusted. She has never ever felt the need in having a man's attention. Sure she once had Ron's attention but that's about it. "Well not me. I don't like getting to much attention and I wouldn't want that." "Oh, yes right. I forgot, you rather want a good book than having a guy that gives you flowers-" "I get it" "-Gives you chocolate, and takes you out on dates-" "I get it!" "-Gives you massages, and breakfasts on bed, oh and better yet have someone that kisses you so passionately..-" "I know Gin! I get it! Stop it, you don't need to say anymore. I know I'm hopeless with love!" Hermione snapped louder than necessary. Ginny sniggered and had a knowing smirk growing on her face. She knew Hermione would react like that, it was getting on her nerves, and that only proved one thing. Hermione needed this. She needed romance. "All I'm saying is that you need that, the romance. Plus you're not hopeless. Just had a bad experience with relationships. It's been ages since you had a boyfriend, or