This is something I came up with while reading another fanfiction I was so excited that I had to start typing. Sadly whenever I wanted to type my mum was using her laptop, but luckily I got a laptop for Christmas and started typing immediately. Sorry if this is really bad it's my first ever fanfiction. Thank You and Enjoy :-) Your friend HeartbrokenLover, Percy Jackson The Drakon Two heroes one monster who will win? Percy and Annabeth were walking along the long winding track through the forest at Camp Half Blood when... Annabeth's POV It had been 7 years since me and Percy had started going out. At the age of twenty three all our other friends had gotten married either this year or the last. Percy still hadn't proposed to me, to be honest I was thinking of asking him myself it had gotten to that point. The one serous step we have taken is building a house so we can move in together. The house is situated not too far from CHB so if an emergency were to happen we wouldn't be too far away to help. Chiron found it amusing how much we loved the camp, I just told him that we'd risked our lives too many times too let it be destroyed. He had just laughed the bent down to hug me. It was true what I said I can't even count how many times we've had to save the camp from monsters or worse. Tonight was Thursday night the only night in the week when I didn't have to be at the construction site for our new house. Percy had wanted to be in control over what happened at the work sight, we had argued black and blue about, then I came up with a way too make him stop and let me do it. Fine I yelled at him before slipping down the wall in Percy's cabin, I started to fake cry. He pleaded with me to stop I quickly complied and said only if I get too be in charge of the work sight, he agreed so quickly that I burst out laughing. Percy had snuck over too me at the camp fire this evening, bent down behind me and whispered in my ear. "Hey honey do you want to go for a walk?" I looked up to his face and nodded. He grabbed my hand and led me in the opposite direction of the camp fire heading for the woods. As we walked through the airy moon lit woods with the wind blowing through my ponytail that was begging to be free. I reached behind me and took out my hair lucky, and the effect was instant. My hair flew out behind me like a herd of horses being let out of a paddock. Percy turned towards me and smiled, "I prefer your hair out that it makes you look amazing." I turned away so he couldn't see my blush. "And by the way I saw that." He smiled a cheeky cocky grin on his face. "Oh shut up as if I haven't made you blush before." While saying that I stomped on his foot a smile spreading out across as my face as he winced. "Ow!" he muttered. "I heard that." An airy tone filled my voice as I took a step away from him. " I have a surprise for you." Percy announced a massive smile spreading across his face. I looked at him and said, "Oh do you now oh what it might be." I said in a dramatic voice that made Percy laugh. I walked over and took his hand in mine as we walked. "I love you Annabeth you know that right," he said to me looking over to gauge my reaction. "Oh I didn't figure that out when you went to hell and back for me Oh No!" I said jokingly. " I love you too seaweed brain." Percy is sweet when he wants to be unlike the other day on Tuesday morning. We were having a peaceful lunch while I talked about Piper and Jason's wedding plans... Flashback " So, the marquee for Jason's and piper's wedding should be outside of the Big House, so it catches the sunset over the ocean perfect for the photos right." I look over to see Percy ignoring me. " Percy." I called out to him. He turns to face me. "What! I mean yeah." Who knew pizza could stick hair together like glue sticks the pages of your favourite book. Yes I know what this is like. Thanks Stolls. "Pppeerrccyy! I yelled my voice filling with anger as I wiped Percy's regurgitated, slimy pizza off my face. "Sorry, sorry, sorry..." He never got to finish that sentence because I took advantage of being the only person in camp who knew his middle name. For some reason he's embarrassed for having the middle name Allen, personally I think it's a nice name but whatever back to the story, "Perseus Allen Jackson! Shut up right now or I swear I will!" I looked at him and he knew immediately to be quiet or he will be seriously injured. He looked at me with his puppy dog eyes. He always tried this every time he was in trouble with me. Sadly I would usually cave in to his pleads, But not this time. " Not this time Percy you've gone to far!" I said. Looking the other way I was about to reply when... End of Flashback Suddenly a loud snapping sound woke me up out of my day dream. "What was that?" Percy's voice called out beside me. "I don't know." I replied. Suddenly from the dark looming trees in front of us, a puddle of acid shot, landing only centimetres away from Percy's feet. I looked down to see the burning lime green acid sinking into the dark worn track. I pulled my hand out of his and grabbed my dagger out of the scabbered that was latched onto my belt, and felt relief when the familiar wait was lying in my hand this felt relaxing as weird as that sounds. I turned towards Percy and smiled. Percy's POV Holy Hades! That was close. I mean seriously that was close. I look over to see Annabeth had pulled out her celestial bronze knife Luke had given her many years ago, the knife that had been lost in the river Styx and had somehow ended up on Long Island sound a couple of weeks later. I reached inside my pocket and took out the misleading ball point pen that had fought many battles with me. This sword had a long and depressing history that I would rather not describe. Riptide had been with me through a lot with me. Riptide had been with me when me and Annabeth, had fallen into the pit that lead to Tarturus in Arachne's lair six years ago. I had used it to fight of hundreds of monsters in the time that I had had it. To be honest I don't know what I would do without it. Knowing my luck I'd probably be dead. Anaklusmos was my guardian angel in a way if that made any sense. I hear loud snapping noises coming from the trees ahead of us. I got a shiver down my spine, that noise reminds me of the time on Camp Half Blood hill when we were fighting the bronze bulls that Luke let in to camp. I tripped over a branch and broke my ankle, that sounded exactly like snapping bones. I looked ahead of us just in time to see the next puddle of acid shoot towards Annabeth, I jump towards her pushing her over. "Hey," she yelled. She looked down and saw why I had pushed her, " Thanks." She said barely audible over the loud Roar that erupted from the trees. The trees started to bend outwards almost like they were trying to lay down on the ground like they were being pressed down by a heavy force. A figure appeared in the shadows It took a step towards us and appeared in the light of the setting sun. "Nico!" Me and Annabeth yelled in unison. He was holding his Stygian Iron sword in front of him as if he was expecting us to leap at him and rip his head off. I for one knew Annabeth is a vegetarian so she would never even think about it, and she would probably complain that I'd had gotten blood on my clothes. She was very fussy about tidiness very much the opposite of me. I had always loved Nico's sword the way the light refracted of it like it was a shark in a fish tank filled with clown fish. Like it couldn't stand the sight of the otherworldly metal. In a way the metal reminded me of Nico, fragile looking yet stronger than Iron, beautiful- with his older figure. Age really benefited Nico unlike it did for me. He had become solid as he grew, were as I became gangly for a couple of years and then finally become solid. He had become more confident in himself instead of hiding beneath his hair like he used to he had cut it short so you could see his beautiful brown eyes. I hadn't seen him at least a month with me and Annabeth being so busy with the house. So he definetly startled me to say the least. Nico's POV I dressed in all black WHAT A SURPRISE! Note the sarcasm. I was wearing tight black skinny jeans that were to small and about a year ago had started to ride up on me when I sat down. A black band tee that read, 'I walk a lonely road the only road I have ever known' A quote from the song boulevard of broken dreams by Green Day my all time favourite band. Only one other person I knew of liked Green Day and this was Thalia Grace, when I first met her I instantly loved her I would do anything she wanted me to. ( Not really I just didn't get on the wrong side of her. If you've met her you would understand.) She then joined the hunt. My first reaction to the news was fury Bianca my sweet loving sister joined only a week before but had risked her life for the other Hunters and in the process had passed away, and to learn that they had already dismissed her made me furious. I also couldn't stand it if Thalia joined and ended with the same fate. To lose two people you care about is heartbreaking but if it was because of the same people that... I can't even explain it in words. Half the quote on my shirt was covered by the leather jacket I wore. It was my favourite jacket that I owned, unless you count the brown avatar jacket I wore when I was twelve, sadly I had grown out of it at the age of fifteen. I was so disappointed that it was too small because it reminded me of the specialist days of my life I had spent in that jacket. Some of the memories were sad but I had learnt to live with what had happened in my life. I heard talking up ahead of me and the sound of something moving through the forest. I decided that it was the sound of the people moving up ahead of me. (Man I wish I hadn't ignored the sound I would soon regret this decision) I decided to let the people see me so I walked out of the trees. What I saw surprised me was Percy and Annabeth talking while holding there weapons out towards me. "Nico!" The said sighing in relief. I saw Annabeth shoulders relax but not Percy's. "Hi what are you guys doing here."