Disclaimer: I am not Stephanie Meyer, though I am playing with her characters. Some of the quotes in this first chapter are from Breaking Dawn, but in Nessie's POV and not Jacob or Bella's. All else is mine. I hope you all enjoy this story and please remember to leave reviews to let me know what you think. (Renesmee: born) ...bright, so many bright colors swirling in my mind as I tried to calm Mother down from her nightmares about that awful little boy with bright red eyes, though sometimes green, and those men in black cloaks terrorizing him...why won't she dream of me?...who is this little boy?... ...so hungry...need food...mmm, eggs...I love with Mother eats eggs...so much protein for me... ...bad dream again...trying to give Mother bright colors of love instead...she's woken me up, but that's alright...so hungry, no wait, that's Mother...I quiver as she throws it all back up... ...I kick Mother and she presses her hand against her stomach where I am trying to reach my own hand out to her...she throws up, shaking me, instead...just reach out to me, Mother...I'm scared... ..."I don't think I have food poisoning. The dreams. Sleeping so much. The crying. All that food. Oh. Oh. Oh." Mother's voice! Oh, but she seems scared... ..."He thinks you're pregnant." Father's voice, so sweet and gentle usually was now cold...I kicked against my Mother, wanting to let her know that we were all going to be okay... "We're going to get that thing out before it can hurt any part of you. Don't be scared. I won't let it hurt you."...no, Father!... ..."I heard Bella made it back alive." That voice. So soothing and warm and even though it was being sarcastic, it felt right to listen to...I nudged my Mother...please make him come closer to me...he's MINE...need him..."Come in, please, Jacob" Mother said and my heart warmed as I felt him getting closer to me...Rosalie hissed and he almost backed away...no! Come closer!... ...so hungry, Mother...I'm sorry...I don't mean to hurt you... ...lonely...need him with me...Mother understood, though...She could get my "Jacob" to do anything...he kept visiting her, but that was okay because it meant that he was visiting me...this connection was like with my Mother, so deep...even though I had yet to see either of their faces, I knew that they belonged with me just like Father...the bonds were too strong... ..."If you think that imprinting could ever make sense of this insanity..." My Jacob, so very scared himself...I'm here for you...don't you feel it, too?... ..."I won't kill him." My always confused Mother, protecting me even though she has no idea who I am..."Oh, I hadn't heard the great news. A bouncing baby boy, huh?" My Jacob, can't you tell that I'm a girl? I'm your little girl!... ...they keep fighting: my Mother and my Jacob...stop it!... ..."We think the fetus might have an appetite closer to ours than to yours. We think it's thirsty." Carlisle's voice..."If the fetus is craving blood, it's not craving animal blood." My Father still hadn't connected to me, calling me a fetus but at least he seemed to know what I wanted... ...My Mother was an eager volunteer if it meant helping me. "Let's go for it. My first vampire act."...oooooh, blood, so much blood...Mother drank it and I enjoyed it...I love my Mother so very much...and the best part was that my Jacob stayed to comfort Mother, in his own sarcastic way... ...I kick, making Mother bend over...there's no room in here as I get bigger, I can feel something about my home breaking...not another rib, not to Mother...let me get out of here!... ...I can always tell when my Jacob is there or not , even if he doesn't speak...the pull is so strong when he's near that I just want him to rub my home in my Mother's stomach so he will be closer to me...He never does...my Jacob, oh, just wait until I am out of here... ...Mother finally convinced Jacob to sit next to her for warmth. I make her hot and then cold, sometimes, but I love that I can make my Jacob near me because of that...there's another man who is also warm but he does not make me feel as happy, though he cheers Mother up with his jokes: Seth... ...My Jacob asked why Mother wanted him here, but he just didn't understand how much of it was me. I wanted him here... "It feels... complete when you're here, Jacob. Like all my family is together. You're supposed to be part of my life -I can feel that, and so can you." Mother replied, though...She thought she was in charge of her connection with my Jacob... ...Keep talking, Mother. So soothing..."It... the baby likes the sound of your voice." Wait, did Father hear me?..."Holy crow, you can hear him!" Mother, so loud sometimes...I kicked reflexively and she winced..."Sorry, baby." It's okay, Mother...Keep talking, both of you...Mother and Father with their calming voices, finally both loving me...so happy... ...it's finally time!...I'm getting out of here, right now...oh, Mother, I didn't mean to hurt you...my Jacob is here, but then he's not and it's cold again inside the womb...I need out...Father, help me... His face was the first one that I saw. So handsome, my Father: strong jawline, piercing golden eyes, and hair that was russet and lush. "Renesmee" My Father said my name and I wanted to smile, but I knew that Mother was still hurting. I had hurt her a lot trying to get out. "Give her to me." Mother sounded weaker than I'd ever heard her, but suddenly I was being moved towards her. She was nothing like I expected: so pale, but not like Father, weak almost, brown eyes that stared at me like I had given her something to love for the first time, and limp brown hair pulled with sweat. But yet still wonderful to me. "Renes... mee. So... beautiful." No, Mother. You are beautiful. You gave me life and so if I'm beautiful, it's because of you. I love you, Mother. I bite her to tell her this, but that was not the right thing to do because Father scolded me and my Jacob got so scared and angry that he wouldn't even look at me. It has been ten minutes since I was handed off to Rosalie. Rosalie is like my Mother while Mother is still sick and I love her, too, but . She feeds me blood from a bottle and I am thankful that I have someone who knows exactly what I want and when I want it. She was the one holding me when I finally got my Jacob to look at me. His eyes met mine and I knew that he could finally feel the connection, too. His face, so drawn and angry instantly softened as his big brown eyes latched on to mine like he never wanted to let go of my stare. I was okay with that. "Renesmee..." My Jacob said my name and grinned, his entire face lighting up. Rosalie hissed. "You're not going anywhere near this baby, dog." "But I have to." My Jacob smiled wider as he took a few steps towards me. Rosalie lowered me back into her lap and tried to feed me my bottle but I only wanted my Jacob now. I pushed it away with my hand, earning a gasp from my aunt. "She's clever, isn't she?" My Jacob asked, sitting on the couch next to Rosalie even though the entire pregnancy, they had been fighting. "I could just tell that she was clever." "Don't think you fool me, Jacob Black." Rosalie hissed. "I know what you're trying to do and there's no way that I'm going to let you hold her. You wanted to kill her and I know what Bella's transformation has done to you. You're not thinking; go home, mutt." My Jacob growled, "Don't ever mention that again. I would never kill Nessie." "Nessie?" Rosalie asked, as I tried to wiggle my way towards my Jacob. My neck just wasn't strong enough yet. "Renesmee is just too much of a mouthful." My Jacob's cheeks darkened. "Nessie is short and sweet, just like her." "Are you stoned right now, mutt? Because your happy-go-lucky attitude is freaking me out." Rosalie said, still keeping me away from my Jacob. "I'm not on drugs, I'm just happy. Can't you see that Nessie makes me happy?" My Jacob asked and I smiled up at him. "Seriously, mutt, knock it off. Whatever sick game you're playing, I want you to stop." Rosalie hissed. "He's not playing a game." Jasper spoke with amazement in his voice. He, Emmett, and Alice returned from hunting and were standing in the doorway of the living room. "Can you not see how happy they are when they are near each other?" "Not all of us have your gift, Jazz." Alice said, though I could tell that she was pouting. "Aw, none of that, darlin'." Jasper said, wrapping his arms around her small body in comfort. "I'm sure the "Not as long as Renesmee is connected with Jacob, I can't." Alice looked like she might cry, though I suspected that she couldn't. Not like I could. Or Mother did when she saw me. "And that stupid mutt is never going to leave her side now." "I don't understand. What's happening?" Rosalie asked, looking at her siblings in confusion then looking at me and my Jacob. "The bond is just as strong as what I observed of Sam and Emily at the wedding." Jasper admitted. "But they're, like, a couple." Emmett seemed confused, too. "I imprinted." My Jacob smiled at the word on his lips, even though it was unfamiliar to me. "On Nessie." "You stay away from my niece, you freak." Emmett crossed the room in a second and grabbed my Jacob by his t-shirt. I let out a wail, not wanting to see my Jacob hurt, and all eyes in the room turned to me. "Her first cry!" Rosalie seemed to forget about their little tift for a moment as my hands reached out for my Jacob again. "Edward is not going to like this." Emmett said confidently as he stood in between my Jacob and his mate. "What am I not going to like?" Father asked, though I knew that he could hear all of our thoughts. Just like he heard mine when I was still inside of Mother. "Edward, I know that this is difficult for you..." My Jacob held up his hands as if my Father would fight him. "Listen to my thoughts. They are pure! I don't know why this happened, but you can't just take Nessie away from me. I won't let that happen." Mine. Give me my Jacob . I thought stubbornly since words couldn't be formed yet on my lips. "Oh. Oh." Father said, looking between my Jacob and me as I continued to wail. "Rosalie, let Jacob hold her." Rosalie hissed, but obeyed. "If you harm her, mutt..." She threatened as I felt my Jacob's warm arms around me instead of Rosalie's icy ones. "Nessie..." My Jacob smiled widely when I was in his arms and I grinned a toothless smile back at him. He picked up my bottle from Rosalie's hand and placed it on my lips. "That's a good girl." He complimented me and I hurried to finish the bottle to show him that I was worthy of it. "I guess this changes things with the Pack, then, as well." My Father said as I stared up at my Jacob, my blood bottle nearly drained. "You're not mad?" My Jacob asked Father, though not taking his eyes off of me for a second. "I'm furious that you think you own my daughter." Father said, but he had a smirk on his face. "But, like you said, your thoughts are pure. As long as they stay that