Author's Note: So, I realize that I've been gone for far too long. Forgive me, please! College has been hectic, especially with me picking up more hours at work, and the holidays are coming up! Okay, this is another "original story"! It's also AU as well. I REALLY hope you guys enjoy this! Let me know what you think in reviews please and tell me what you guys would like to see. Thank you! Disclaimer: Unfortunately, I do not own the Hunger Games, no matter how much I am deeply in love with more than a few of the beauties who grace the pages! That lovely privilege belongs to Suzanne Collins! I brushed my wavy, red hair behind my ears as I stared down at my Chemistry book. Whoever decided this was a great read was heavily devouring some magic mushrooms. I sighed and rubbed my temples in a circular motion, needing a break from my four hour study session. I memorized the page of the book I was in before closing my book. I stood and stretched, sighing as my limbs finally got to break free of their soreness. I picked up my phone from my nightstand and dialed my roommate's number. "Sup?" Johanna answered, the sound of crunching filling the receiver. "Enjoying your food?" I chuckled. "Well, I couldn't wait on your overachieving ass all day! A girl's gotta eat," she continued to crunch away. "Where are you?" I desperately needed a distraction. "Meyer's café. You should come and drown your woes in a pumpkin latte," she suggested. I immediately felt my mouth flooding with saliva at the thought. Johanna and I worked at Meyer's café part-time. The pay was decent and we had to make a living somehow while we were in college. We both tried waitressing and well…Johanna couldn't handle asshole customers and I couldn't handle the hustle and bustle of it all. The café was easy and the workers were the nicest people ever. "You already know I'm there," I said before hanging up. I grabbed my purse from the side of my bed. I looked at myself in my full length mirror that hung on my bedroom door. My blue New York University hoodie hung just above the waistline of my denim skinny jeans, showing off a small strip of skin. I opened my closet door and grabbed a gray scarf from one of the hooks that hung in my closet, along with my black pea coat. I wrapped the scarf around me so that it hung loosely around my neck, my jacket going on next. I ran a hand through my red waves, letting my hair fall to rest right above my butt. I decided against refreshing my makeup, deciding Johanna had seen me much worse. The summer of '08; the flu. It was nasty. She had taken care of me for over a week with her dirty jokes, and ample amounts of soup. I still shivered at the sight of chicken noodle soup. I walked out of my bedroom, hearing a whining Ruffles. "What's up, Ruffles?" I let my best baby voice show through as I petted the Corgi on the top of his head. He wagged his tall excitedly, yipping about. "Mommy has to go, she'll be home soon!" Why I was having a conversation with him was beyond me. I pet him one last time before grabbing my keys off their designated hook. The walk to Meyer's café was a short one. Typically, I practically skipped to my destinations when I was out and about. But, it was particularly freezing on this November day. I opened the front door to Meyer's. "Arden, over here!" Johanna waved excitedly, two empty bread baskets surrounding her. I smiled and walked over to her, plopping down in the seat across from her. "Someone's been busy," I pointed to the forgotten bread baskets. "Hey, I get hungry. I am a growing girl," she winked at me, causing me to laugh. I'd know Johanna since we were five. We both grew up in California, so we weren't particularly used to the nippy weather that New York provided. We both applied to NYU at the same time, thinking we'd die of broken hearts if we were separated. We were both only in our first year, our first semester not far off from its end. Though we were both in agreement with NYU, our majors differed. She's majoring in Business and I'm majoring in Forensic Science. Business was the perfect major for Joanna, seeing as she loved being in charge. Forensic Science was told to me, by Joanna of course, to be my perfect major, considering I was obsessed with piecing things together, and getting a story out of the smallest details. "I'm going up to order, need anything else you ravenous beast?" I joked before she stuck her tongue out at me. "Order me a bagel! I'm carb loading," she explained to me. I rolled my eyes and walked up to the front counter. "Hey, Peeta," I greeted my friend at the front counter. Peeta made all of the pastries and breads here and he was amazing in the kitchen, I must say. He smiled at me, fixing his hat. "Hey, Arden. What can I get you?" He leaned up against the counter. I rubbed my face as though I was actually contemplating my order. I got the same thing every time. "I'll have a pumpkin latte, a cheesy bun and a bagel for Johanna," I greatly appreciated that he acted indifferent toward my order. "Alright," he said before turning to grab my order. "Wait," I whispered. He turned to look at me, "hmm?" "Aren't you gonna tell me my total?" I questioned him. "It's on the house," he whispered and winked at me before putting the steaming cheesy bun and bagel in the bag. I silently mouthed thank you to him as he made his way to make my latte. Peeta was one of the sweetest guys anyone could ever meet. I honestly don't think I've ever even heard his voice go above a certain octave. I guessed that it had something to do with his home life. His Dad was awesome; I'd met him a couple of times, and he was just as sweet as Peeta was. But his Mom…that was a whole other story. I don't think she ever smiled, not even on her wedding day. She never had anything approving to say to Peeta, her middle child, and she made it seem as though the world was a thing to constantly be hated. Once my latte was done, I thanked Peeta again and grabbed the bag and cup, going over to Johanna's table. She grabbed the bag from me eagerly, not even allowing me to reach in and grab my bun. "Well, gee, thanks," I drawled sarcastically as she tore into her bagel. She glared at me a moment. "Are you pregnant or something?" I asked as her eyes bulged out of her head, her chin length brown hair moving as she shook her head furiously. "Fuck no!" She exclaimed, earning a few looks from the surrounding customers. "Then what's going on?" Johanna did typically have a crazy appetite, but not like this. She sighed, "well, I don't really know if I'm pregnant or not actually. I met this guy about a month ago and we…you know…did a 'tango' of sorts, and I haven't had my time of the month…" she trailed off, looking away from my bulging eyes. "Johanna, why haven't you told me?!" I exclaimed, causing her to shush me. She looked around before leaning in closer, "because, I don't really know myself. I haven't gotten a test or anything," she whispered, tearing into her bagel once again. I chewed on my cheesy bun, mulling over what she said. After a sip of my much needed pumpkin latte, I sighed. "Do you wanna go get one?" I put my hand on top of hers. She flinched a little from the contact. She sighed, "look, let's not make this a big thing, alright?" I laughed incredulously, "Johanna, this is a big thing. You're possibly bringing in a new, little life into this world! That's just about the biggest thing a person can do." She scoffed, "I should've just kept it to myself, you and your crazy fascination with baby's makes you incredibly biased." I rolled my eyes and ripped off a piece of cheesy bun fiercely. She did have a point. Ever since I was young, I'd had this ridiculous fascination with starting a family. I wanted a big house with four kids, a husband, and a substantial career. I didn't want the American dream anytime soon though; I had a lot of schooling still ahead of me. "Whatever. Look, I'm going with you whether you like it or not. I'm your best friend and I won't let you go through this alone," I left her no room for argument and by the look of her scrunched up face, she realized this. "Fine, but I'm not peeing on that stick in front of your prying eyes," she leered and I chuckled at her. "Johanna, how's it going in there?" I knocked with the back of my hand on her bathroom door. I heard her flush, "just a second, damn!" I sighed and leaned against the wall beside the door, tapping my foot impatiently. What if she is? What will that mean for her schooling? Our apartment? Her life? I could feel myself getting anxious, ironically. I heard the lock in the bathroom click and she came out, turning the light off and shutting the door behind her. She eyed me a moment, hiding the pregnancy test outside of my view. "Well?" I asked impatiently, my hands rung together. She ran a hand through her chocolate colored, chin length hair. I began twirling my thumbs impatiently. This was torture. She said nothing; instead, she turned the test over, revealing a negative. I let out a huge breathe I wasn't aware I'd been holding in. "Oh thank God," I put my hand over my chest, my eyes fluttering closed in relief. Johanna scoffed, "yeah, thank God. I don't think I could give these up," she said as she pulled out a pack of Marlboro Black 100's from her pants pocket, the Zippo in toe. She took one out, putting it in between her lips. "Dammit, Johanna, what have I said about smoking in the apartment?" I glared at her, putting my arms over my chest. "Uh, listen, Mom , don't forget that I pay half of the rent here. Besides, I wanna fucking celebrate!" She lit her cigarette before throwing her arms in the air. I felt my anger fading as I looked at her. I could never stay mad at her, no matter how insane she continuously drove me. She drew a long drag on her cigarette before blowing the smoke out in little white rings. She held her cigarette in-between her fingers as she looked at me. "We're going out tonight," she stated, not giving me any leeway. "I have a paper due Monday. I still have a few pages I need to type up," I walked toward the living room, Johanna and her trail of smoke following behind me. I went into the kitchen, opening the fridge before peering in. "So, what? You never go out. Like, ever. It's sad really. Come out with me, have a good time! I have two fake ID's that are just itching to be put to good use," she grinned at me as I pulled out a jug of tea. "And where exactly did you get these 'fake ID's?" I tilted my head toward her before reaching above me to grab a glass from the cabinet. I poured the tea as I awaited her explanation. She took another drag of her cigarette before answering. "Somewhere in China. Don't ask, don't tell," she shrugged. I couldn't