Prologue: Aiden Petrova, 23; District One Victor & Mentor Last year was nothing but extraordinary. Who didn't suspect the little girl from Seven to win? Wasn't it quite obvious? I mean, come on, if you didn't expect her to win you either had your head drained in a toilet or just couldn't be bothered to pay attention to any of the current tributes. I'm pretty sure everyone had their bets placed on her; even I didn't believe in my District to bring home a Victor last year. Seeing as she killed most of the tributes in a matter of days, I don't think anyone had a problem with her being Victor-not even me. She was an interesting tribute for sure. If anything, I sorta wish that she was from One. The female volunteer that we had last year was nothing but disappointing, dying by the hands of, the one and only, Seven. When she came here on her Victory Tour, it was nothing more than spectacular. You could obviously tell that the girl hated our District, but she didn't let us bother her too much. We welcomed her with a round of applause and a warm welcome like she was one of our own. Last years tributes were all segregated into three different groups: the elites, the bloodbaths, and the loners. Maple was part of the loners, who weren't given any time of day whatsoever, and nobody bothered to go after her. She was just a predicted bloodbath-the Capitol predicted her a placing of twenty-second. What a great way to prove them all wrong by winning. Shockingly, she had a Training Score of an 8 , but the Capitol decided that someone with an 8 would receive a placing as low as twenty-second. But the best part about her games was when everyone congregated together at the Feast and Maple looked as gregarious as someone could possibly be. Sure, tributes laughed at her and mocked her, but when you have a tomahawk thrown at your head by the girl you once thought would be dead earlier, it's not as funny as you thought… The looks on people's faces when she won was just... Priceless… Well, enough of my reminiscing; I think it's time I get out of bed and actually prepare for the Reapings today. I'm a couple hours early, but I'm supposed to be earlier than normal as a Victor, or else there would be consequences or some bull like that. It doesn't really bother me too much. I'm not even sure if the Capitol remembers who I am; it's only been four years since my victory but Victors do die out easily when new ones take the spotlight. Take Caspian Saylor, for example. I'm pretty sure he was suicidal, but that still didn't change the fact I was outshined in a click, snap, flash. But even Caspian didn't matter afterward; Maple took his spot almost immediately. Struggling out of bed, I groom myself and finish up everything that I need to do. My clothes have been lied out for me ever since yesterday-I thought being ready was easier than rummaging through my closet and trying to find something perfect to wear to the reapings. ''Appearance is everything…'' I mutter to myself, knowing that only Capitolites say something like that. Rushing downstairs, I tightly grip the handrail keeping me secure, giving me the safety and comfort to know that I won't fall. The glistening light dances across the rail, showing my reflection through the beautiful gold. Every time I walk down here I remember of my games; I remember the tributes that I killed to get here; I remember how I got here. Looking back at it, I'm not sure if it was all exactly worth it. I mean, I did volunteer for it, but that was only because of the pressure. Coming from a District like this, you're expected to volunteer. If not, what are you other than a disappointment? But I don't like to see it that way. There's more to it, I know that for sure. Taking my last steps to the opening on my living room, I take in the hickory, melted buttery scent of whatever my mother is cooking. It enters its way through my left nostril and splits into half, moving over to the right and making my mouth water. The smell is so rich that I can almost grab it and taste it, like if I'm lying on a cloud and gliding to a rich paradise of smells just like this one. My eyes water; not from tears, but from the beauty of it all. It's been quite a while since I've whiffed this scent, because it was never made the way mom made it. We usually had servants, or ''guests'', make them for us. It's just not the same unless someone you know and love makes it, you know?-and it's been years since mom's made what I think I'm smelling: bacon. Jogging towards the dining room, fully taking in the sweet smell of what I wish to be my breakfast, I stop and take a moment to admire the beautiful scenery in front of me, it's beauty indescribably wonderful to the eye: exquisite colors of paint, the waxed floors that look like mirrors, and the breathtakingly spectacular interior and exterior design that matched like twins. The unique paintings hung high and proud, spreading across various rooms. And the touch of sweet vanilla cream running through the air, but quickly being overshadowed by the bacon that I've yet to receive. Finally entering the dining room, my parents both catch a glimpse of me and I catch a glimpse of the food held at the table. Like always, I quickly reach in and try to eat, only to have my hand smacked away by my mother's spatula and be scolded at, her words running through ear-to-ear. ''Don't you have somewhere to be?!'' her words catch me off guard, almost as if there was somewhere I had to be, but I forgot. ''The reapings!'' Oh, the reapings… Yeah, I forgot about those. ''Come on, I haven't had anything to eat yet,'' I beg, leaning against the head table chair and smiling at my mother. Like always, she tells me that it's my fault that I didn't wake up earlier and tells me to march out of the house. See what being generous gets you? You volunteer for them , win for them , and you still can't even live your life the way that you want to; not the way they want you to. Kicking me out of my own house? Come on now, that's just ridiculous. ''Fine,'' I groan, dragging out the 'N', knowing well enough that it won't change the outcome. Instead of waving them off or kissing my parents goodbye, I just walk out of the house making sure that I have everything I need before I head off and further help mentor these volunteers. Really, it all depends on if anyone volunteers or not. But who am I kidding? There's always a volunteer. Caspian Saylor, 24; District Four Victor & Mentor I wake up to the iridescent lights of the dank hospital room, whiffing the sterile scent of the hospital room. The lights above me buffer, sparks emitting from the broken bulbs like temporary fireflies. It's all too familiar to me- of course it is. I've been in this room for about eight months now. "Caspian, baby," my wife says. "Caspian?" "I'm here," I croak, my voice dropping several octaves. Iridess beams, noticing that I've awaken. "They wouldn't let me in, for like, an hour," she hisses, her eyes widening, but breaking into a good natured smile a second later. She presses her lips to my forehead, indicating a sign of joy and liveliness. It lightens my heart to see that she's been completely happy and healthy while I've been gone. "You look good," she marvels, her hand held to my cheek softly. An eyebrow is arched up, revealing that she was surprised about it. I try to roll my eyes, the pupils straining in the process. "Of course I do." Iridess groans, and flicks me on the neck like she used to do when we were kids. "Seriously, Caspian. Your scars from before are healing, and your skin's gotten clearer." She smirks in that one-sided way I've grown to love. "It's about time. This hospital's absolute crap." I can't help but laugh, although it disturbs all the tubes going into my veins and my arteries, causing them to shake. "It's not their fault," I protest weakly, choking with mirth. "I do have a lot of problems with injuries and such." Silence settles in the thin room like a blanket. Injuries have always been a frequently avoided topic, due to my, ahem, conditions. Normal people tend to steer the conversation away from pain, but they never knew it like me. Even if I wasn't born with the pain gene. "I mean," I cough, trying to bring back the dynamic from earlier. "There was a count of fifty-three cuts and scratches," I rasp in a low tone, eyes widening alarmingly. I wince, awaiting for the next words that come out of my mouth. "And they're all from me." Iridess watches me with a pained expression, trying to empathize with me. Trying is the key word- no matter how close someone was to me, they could never feel what I was feeling. I would never allow them to. They can't carry the burden I've shifted for twenty-four years. "Are you tired?" Iridess watches me with calculating eyes, trying to find out if I was tired or not. I guess she deems me as 'dazed', because she lifts the corners of her mouth into a brace and leans her head to the side, fluttering her eyes shut. I was a very peculiar person, actually. People have approached me and told me themselves that I was a daydreamer, and almost always detached. While that might be true, it still didn't excuse the fact that I've went through more than they've ever been through. I've survived through countless beatings and situations. I remember my therapist from last year. She told me to repeat the facts true to myself over and over, until they burned into my brain and imprinted into my memory. I felt like an idiot at first, but now it's just strictly routine. And before she told me to do so, she'd mutter, "Breathe in, breathe out." As Iridess unconsciously brushes my hair to the side many times over, I close my eyes and try to calm down my bouncing nerves. Slowly, but surely, I felt all my strain melt away into my lungs, dissolving away until I needed to summon it again. My name is Caspian Saylor. I am twenty-four years old, and the love of my life is Iridess Hastings. I won the 421st Games when I was eighteen. I breathe harshly, willing myself to go forward. People say I'm unemotional, detached. A freak. I had purposely harmed myself- I choke- just to see what it would feel like. If I would feel anything. And I didn't- there was nothing. I kept trying to cut my wrist, determined to get a reaction, and I never did. It was futile. I stayed like that, depressed, anguished, and constantly blacking out from blood loss. Because of my obsession with feeling pain. My dad wanted me to volunteer for the Games, but I never had to- I was Reaped, anyway. I went in an insane rage once I found out there was nothing to cut myself with. The moment I entered the Games, I strangled tributes in my path on the way to the Cornucopia, completely taken over with the need to get my hands on a blade. That night there were nine deaths, three from my hands. I went through the Games with a vile, gruesome fascination with blood. The night of the