And here it is as promised! The sequel to Lost in the Ages! Now this one is going to be Rated T. Although, I might post a side story with one shots based in this universe! Now, it is recommended that you read Lost in the Ages first. Because there is a lot of information in there that will be important, but you can get by without reading it. As, most situations will be explained in this story. And this is a unique pairing story. Percabeth does exist (It's one of my favorites), however they are not the only one in the relationship for our newcomers. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or the Heroes of Olympus series. "Luke! Zoe! It's time to get up!" The grey-eyed teenager grumbled as he heard his father's voice down the hallway; pulling his pillow over his head in an effort to keep the sound from disturbing his light sleep, "Go away." After a few seconds of silence, Luke smiled to himself and lied back down on the bed; ready to return to his sweet sleep. Only his father didn't agree with him. The tri-blood squealed as his room door was blasted open, and small wave of water crashed into his bed. Luke sputtered and jumped to his feet; glaring at the thirty-three year old man in the doorway, "What the Hades are you doing!?" "Waking you up!" Percy cheered gleefully; his eyes sparkled with amusement as he looked at his teenaged son, "You have to get ready! It's Summer Solstice Day!" The younger boy grumbled and rubbed his eyes as he walked out past his dad towards the staircase, "Is mother still at Olympus?" Percy nodded, his skin gleamed with an unearthly glow signifying the fact that he wasn't quite as mortal as everyone thought, "She's preparing for tonight's council meeting, and as her son you are expected to attend with the rest of the family." Luke grumbled but didn't argue; running a hand through his dark brown hair. Zoe's room door was open, and she was talking animatedly with Sally on her bed; going through a magazine filled with hair styles and trying to pick the one she thought would be most appropriate for the solstice. His other siblings Mark, Ariel, Eric, Henry, Anna and Sarah, and the little baby his mother was currently carrying were always going to be treated like this. They were the next generation of immortals on Olympus, and given that their mother was an Olympian they were always going to be expected to attend these solstice gatherings. And it sucked; sure he was an immortal, but he wasn't a god. He didn't have a domain, and he was perfectly okay with that. He didn't need that much responsibility on his shoulders. Rounding the bottom of the staircase, he stifled a yawn and walked into the kitchen, "Mom!?" The blonde hair of his mother was splayed out on the ground; her body was positioned under the table as she worked on correcting something on one of the table's support beams, "Mom, what are you doing?" Her grey eyes, so much like his own, peeked out from underneath the table to look at him; her hands continuing to work on whatever she was looking at, "The table leg is crooked. It's rocking the table whenever we sat down." Luke nodded and pulled out a bowl of cereal, then grabbed the milk from the fridge. He went into the living room to eat where the younger twins, Anna and Sarah, were sitting and watching their morning cartoons. Despite the fact that they were only three, they were very smart for their age, and Luke enjoyed watching how they interacted with eachother as they viewed their favorite morning shows on TV, "Good morning little angels." They turned and smiled at him; showing off their adorable white little baby teeth, "Good morning Luck!" The tri-blood held back a laugh as they mixed up his name once more; they had a good understanding of how to pronounce words, but his name always seemed to give them trouble for some reason, "It's Luke guys." "Sorry," the two three year olds apologized in unison, before turning to watch their cartoons once more. Luke promptly ate his bowl of cereal, his mind flying over the days events. He knew even if the solstice didn't start until night; they were still going to have to be there by noon. It was then a cold wind brushed against his back; causing a shiver to run down the length of his back. The tri-blood frowned and turned to look where the wind could of came from, but there was nothing there. No open window, no ajar door, there was no explanation for the sudden ice cold gust of wind whatsoever. An uneasy feeling rose within him, and he found himself smoothing out the goose-bumps that appeared on his arms, "That's odd. Probably nothing." He steadied his nerves and went back to watching the twins, before reminding himself to prepare for the solstice. Standing, he stretched and cracked his joints to relieve some of the ache from staying still for so long. "Guys, it's time to start getting ready," Luke grinned at his little siblings as they peered back at him sadly. Anna pouted, "I don't wanna." "You have too," Luke chuckled and bent to pick up his siblings, carrying one in each arm as he walked to their room, "Now, lets pick out which dress you guys are going to wear today." "But I don't wanna!" Needless to say, half an hour later Luke proudly presented his dressed younger siblings to his critical mom, "I dressed them for you. I even brushed their hair and put them into buns. Sally taught me that. She makes me do her hair in the morning before lessons." Annabeth inspected the smiling three year olds, "You did a good job Luke. It takes me an hour to get these two ready." Sarah and Anna giggled and hopped from one foot to the other as they looked innocently up at their mom, "We were good this time!" "It seems you were," the daughter of Athena scooped her children into her arms. "Let's show you two to daddy. He's making sure Eric and Henry are getting ready correctly. We have to look nice, don't we? Or else mommy will throw a fit." "Is mommy already there?" Sarah asked; leaning against Annabeth's shoulder. "Mm-hmm," Annabeth smiled. "She waiting to see how pretty you guys will look too. So is your aunt and uncle Jason and Piper. They're going to be having lunch with us." "Is Susan and Mathew going to be there?" Luke spoke up; looking to his mom. The blonde demigod turned immortal nodded, "Yes. Since they turned ten, they finally get to come to the Solstices. Piper tells me they're very excited." "What about the others?" Luke gestured to a picture on the counter; it had his parents when they were younger and seven other demigods posing in ridiculous ways. "No. Reyna, Frank, and Hazel are too busy at Camp Jupiter preparing for the festivals. Nico is staying to help at Camp Half-Blood for the chariot races in honor of the solstice. It's only going to be the four of us going." Luke nodded before running a hand through his brown hair, "I need to go get ready. We leaving in half an hour again?" Annabeth gave a thumbs up, then returned her attention to the giggling three year olds in front of her. The legacy of Athena climbed the stairs and went into his room; dressing in his suit, combing his short hair back, and pulling on his fancy shoes his mother had got him last year for his birthday. It was only a short amount of time later that he found himself on Olympus; his eyes drinking in the familiar sights. He lived here with his family during the summer in his mother's palace, so it wasn't odd for him to be here. Other gods nodded in acknowledgement to his family when they walked past, our family waved back in greeting. We were headed for the grand council chambers as that was where we were suppose to meet Jason and Piper. Walking into the council rooms, we found several major gods conversing or making lunch plans. Apollo and Artemis were arguing over who was older again. Demeter was talking with Hestia by the hearth, while Poseidon was speaking with our mother over by their thrones. She was beautiful as usual, her long dark brown hair was put up in a elegant bun; her makeup were simple natural colors, and her long white dress flowed down her body and hugged the pregnant swell of her stomach almost protectively. Annabeth and Percy grinned as they approached; the other gods took notice of them and shrunk to their human sizes, (which was something the children will never get used to seeing), which allowed the two Jacksons to greet Poseidon and their wife. Percy straight up hugged his father, while Annabeth wrapped her arms around the brunette woman affectionately and ran a hand over the bulge where the unborn child inside of the goddess rested, "You're looking radiant. How's the Solstice been going so far?" The other woman sighed, "No quests for lost immortals. No end of the world threats. No nothing. It's quite boring actually." "That's not how we see it Hera," Percy smiled as he pulled away from his father and gave the goddess in Annabeth's arms a bug kiss. "All a solstice has ever been is an excuse for gods to gather and brag about who's more powerful." The patron of marriage shrugged and pulled away from the two immortal demigods trapping her with their arms, "Can't argue with that logic." "You should be proud," Poseidon boomed; his arms gesturing all around him. "This is your all powerful arguing family after all!" He and his audience turned their attention to where Apollo continued to argue with Artemis when they heard the sound of an enraged immortal huntress chuck her brother into the wall, and begin to rant about how she helped their mother give birth to him so she's the older sibling. Apollo didn't believe her and the argument turned fight continued; the twins being ushered out side of the throne room by Demeter and Hestia when their fight got a little too close to the hearth for comfort. Hera pinched the bridge of her nose and exhaled sharply, "I'm not sure they're something to be proud of." "Oh, you were just as bad," Poseidon teased. "I remember you got into a fight with Aphrodite in the middle of the winter solstice in 1345, and ripped out half of her hair." The marriage goddess blushed as Percy and Annabeth turned their attention to the fidgeting brunette, "Why didn't we know about this?" "It was a long time ago!" Hera protested, "And that was only one time. Poseidon's always fighting with Zeus nowadays!" "That doesn't mean I have to rip his hair out." "Oh shut up." "So, how's the baby doing?" Piper asked; gulping down a glass of water. Percy looked down the table were Hera sat between Mark and Ariel; Sarah was sitting in her godly mother's lap, looking over the menu and pointing at words she could understand. The son of Poseidon smiled, "Doing great. He's a strong little thing. Keeps Hera up at night because he won't stop kicking. She makes one of us walk around with her until the baby goes to sleep." "Do you know who's the dad?" Jason looked at his long time friend. "Or is this one going to be like Sally and Eric?" "I think this one's mine," Percy rubbed his chin. "And we know he's greek. Not roman like the Anna and Sarah. Hera doesn't want to mix the pantheons again until her personas blend easier. The labor for the twins