Hello! This is me trying to write out an idea that's been on my mind for quite some time! I wasn't sure how to rate this, but I'm going to categorize it under M just in case. I really am not comfortable writing full on mature stuff, but there is some highly suggestive stuff that will be present throughout the story. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or the Heroes of Olympus series. I only own the basic plotline of this story. The partying atmosphere was a constant that night. Greeks and Romans alike mingled with the gods and goddesses of Olympus as music boomed and the sky exploded with dozens of fireworks at a time. Percy and Annabeth watched from the sidelines; content to leave the other members of the seven to deal with the praise spilling from their comrades. "It's over," Annabeth breathed; her eyes fluttering closed as she enjoyed the music floating down to her ears. "No more fighting. No more. We're finally done." Percy smiled and pulled his girlfriend towards him, wrapping his arms around her waist and pressing a soft kiss to her lips. "I know. We can finally live our life. Finish school, get jobs, start a family, and grow old together." Annabeth grinned against his lips and pulled away, before pulling him towards the snack table, "C'mon seaweed brain. I want a drink in celebration." Percy raised an eyebrow, "Uh, you don't mean alcoholic right? Cause I don't think we're suppose too." The daughter of Athena laughed and pointed at the punch bowl, "I meant fruit punch." Percy blushed and fiddled with his shirt, "Oh, right." They made their way across the dance floor, and stopped by the punch bowl as they took the time to pour themselves a cup. Deciding to explore the newly redecorated Olympus, they made their way around the connecting streets of the floating mountain cap; admiring all the hard work and skill that went in to designing the architecture of the palace of the gods. After a while, a distinct buzzing sensation in their heads began to become more and more pronounced. Percy grabbed his forehead and let out a frustrated groan, "I think someone spiked the drinks." Annabeth sighed as she rubbed her temple, "Probably the Stolls; remember, they pulled a stunt like this at Clarisse's birthday party." Percy had to stifle a snort at the memory of a drunk Clarisse stumbling around the campfire; looking for her spear, and eventually figuring out it was strapped to her back the whole time, "Yeah, except we skipped right to the hangover portion of it." She exhaled sharply through her nose, "Alright, let's go see if we can find the infirmary. Apollo probably keeps a hangover cure there or someth-!" They had been so preoccupied with focusing on dulling the throb inside their head, that they both forgot to watch ahead of them, and ended up walking smack dab into a surprised goddess's back; effectively causing all three of them to intimately meet the stone walkway. Annabeth quickly clambered off of the lady; pulling her boyfriend up with her in a smooth motion, "Sorry about that, my lady. We weren't paying attention." The other woman groaned a bit, before rising to her feet and turning to face the two demigods; a glare of annoyance and slight pain present on her face. Both half-bloods immediately stiffened as they were greeted with the sight of their least favorite Olympian, "Hera?" The goddess looked younger. Much younger, as if she suddenly went from experienced no-nonsense soccer mom, to fresh-out-of-collage babysitter. She was still obviously the same person, she just looked as if fifth-teen years had suddenly been subtracted from her form, "Why do you look so different?" The marriage goddess huffed and crossed her arms, a glare settling on the two of them, "This is what I normally look like when I am not affiliated with Zeus." Percy scrunched up his eyebrows, "What do you mean 'not affiliated with Zeus?' Haven't you always been?" Hera hesitated; her hand rose and massaged a temple, a look of discomfort caused Annabeth to figure out she must of drank the spiked punch too. "This was my form before I married Zeus. It signifies the years when I was younger and worshiped as a maiden goddess." Annabeth narrowed her eyes, and gestured to the goddess, "So why do you look like this now? Shouldn't you be in your 'mother' form?" Hera scowled; her eyes seemed to burn holes through Annabeth's head. "I have decided that it is high time Zeus and I took a break from our marriage. I've been rather frustrated with him recently, and decided he doesn't deserve my companionship while his attitude remains the way it is." Understanding dawned in the two's eyes, and they wisely dropped the topic. The goddess pursed her lips and sighed, "Now is there something you need, or can continue on my way? I have a headache and would like to retire for the night." Percy blinked and nodded, "Actually, we were heading to the infirmary. We had some of the punch, which turned out to be a bad idea, and were looking to see if Apollo kept any cures there. Do you know if there is any available there?" Hera shook her head, "No, I'm afraid not. The punch was spiked with one of Hermes' favorites. The antidote is quite hard to come by. It wears off naturally in seventy-eight hours, but the infirmary won't have any remedies on hand." Annabeth cursed, "Well that's just great..." The goddess's eyes softened and she let out a sigh, "Although, since I have not been able to formally thank you for your part in defeating Gaea and her giants, I believe it would be acceptable to share some of the remedy I confiscated from Hermes last time he tried this." Both of the two seemed to brighten up a bit at that, but there was still some distrust in their eyes, "As long as you don't put me to sleep again." Percy muttered. Hera chuckled, "None of that. You have my word as a goddess. Now come on, I am not offering a second time." She turned and started walking towards the west side of the mountain. Percy and Annabeth shared a critical look before following after the goddess. They may not of completely trusted her, but the pounding in their heads was proving to be too much to continue allowing. Hera's temple was up quite a ways, and the walk there was silent and uneasy. There was evident tension in all three of their bodies, but they did their best to ignore it. Annabeth smirked as she looked around at all the buildings surrounding them. She had really gone all out designing the place. It was sure to last throughout the ages. Eventually, they arrived to the courtyard leading to the goddess's temple. Peacocks and calves frolicked about the area, as some nymphs tended to the vegetation. Some did double takes at seeing the two demigods trailing behind their mistress, but otherwise remained silent. The more playful calves trotted up to them as they walked and nudged their noses against their hips and stomach. Two amazon looking guards stood watch at the entrance to the temple; coming to attention when they saw the three approach. Hera nodded in greeting to them, but did not stop to chat; continuing up to the stairs of the palace entrance, and pushing open the doors. Looking around the room, Percy realized it wasn't the fanciest place on Olympus. In fact, it had a rather homely feel to it; although, there were still some more regal features built in to the architecture to give off a rather royal atmosphere. He smiled at Annabeth, "You did a good job." Annabeth smirked smugly, and opened her mouth to speak. "I know." A dry chuckle escaped Hera, drawing our attention to her as she started climbing the stairs to the palaces' second level, "As much as it pains me to say it. Yes. I do believe she did a rather nice job. I am quite pleased with how the property turned out." She turned to face us on the third step and held out her hand in a halting manner, "Now wait here. I will go get the antidote from the medicine cabinet." We obediently stopped and waited. The pounding was becoming more and more intense, effectively starting to become more like a migraine than anything. Percy put his head in his hands and exhaled slowly, "Feels like the minotaur decided to use me for a punching bag. I seriously hate headaches. And punch. And anything having to do with Hermes." Annabeth laughed, "Me too. But, at least we'll be rid of it soon enough." The son of Poseidon frowned, "Can we trust her? She hasn't exactly given us much reason too." The blond sighed, "As much as I dislike her, I can't think of any real reason she would harm us. We're the Heroes of Olympus Percy, and she owes us a lot for going along with her little unite the demigods plot. She may not be our biggest fan, but I don't think she's out to double cross us." Percy grinned, "At least we can cross one name of my 'gods who want to kill me' list. So, that's pretty nice." "I think it's sad you even have a list seaweed brain." "I can't help it." They laughed and settled in to comfortable silence as they waited for the goddess to return. Vaguely, they could hear one or two nymphs moving around the building and listened as they cleaned and cooked. A minute later, Hera appeared on the staircase. She was carrying a couple glass bottles that sloshed with a glowing purple liquid. She stopped in front of them and handed both a bottle, "This should take care of the headache, however you might get little ones the next couple of days. Take three capfuls every hour until you go to bed, then take one capful in the morning. That should do it." They nodded before spinning the cap off and filling it once. Hera opened hers and did the same, before downing it and smacking her lips. Her eyes narrowed as she studied the aftertaste, but the two half-bloods continued to drink the second capful; filling the third. Hera lifted the bottle and sniffed the contents, when suddenly, just as Annabeth and Percy downed the third cupful, Hera shrieked and dropped the glass; cursing Hermes and Aphrodite as she turned and smacked the bottles from the two's hands, "Wait! They switched it! It's a lust spell!" Annabeth froze, her eyes staring straight into the goddess's. Percy mimicked his girlfriend; both freezing in place as a purple mist slowly covered their eyes. Hera cursed and slowly inched away from them. She dealt with this spell before; as long as you don't move to quickly or make a noise they won't snap and come after you. Plus, the goddess herself had downed some of the potion, which means it was only a matter of time before she too felt the effects. Until then, she needed to get to a room and hide. Hopefully, the two would stay there until the spell wore off, and then they could pretend this whole stupid thing never happened. Well, after killing Aphrodite and Hermes of course. It was during her musing on how to murder the two, that she forgot to look behind her and accidently bumped into a wall. The small and almost unnoticeable thump was enough to make her freeze in terror, and the other two inhabitants of the room immediately turned their attention to the frozen woman. The result was instant. Hera took off running down the hallway, and up the stairs to her room to hide. The other two chased, a predatory look in their normally innocent eyes. "Those two idiots are