Alright peoples, I have a new mini-story! Now, I'm only planning on making this a three-shot or less, since I'm working on To Grasp Our Future at the same time. This is based on another prompt someone sent me on Tumblr (Forced Marriage AU). Rated M for a reason! Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or the Heroes of Olympus series. The moment Percy woke up, he knew something was wrong. It was hard to tell exactly what it was; maybe a fighting lesson would go wrong, a monster attack? Gods forbid another prophecy took place. The half-blood shivered as he climbed out of his bunk bed; the cabin was devoid of anyone but him as usual, however he was used to it by now. He touched the Minotaur horn on the wall briefly, remembering his first fight with the beast. Then he began to prepare for the day ahead. Once he stepped out of Cabin 3 and saw Chiron waiting for him; he knew his odd feeling was correct. Something was wrong. "Percy," the centaur patted the son of Poseidon on the shoulder; a slightly nervous smile present on his face, "Good morning, my boy." "Chiron," Percy looked up at the demigod trainer. "What's going on?" "Nothing gets past you," Chiron smiled wirily; a pained look in his eyes. "Hermes is here. The Olympians request Annabeth's and your presence. However, he will not tell us why; only that it is of the upmost importance." "Olympus?" Percy stepped back, "The council? Now?" The centaur nodded and gestured behind him, "Hermes will teleport the two of you there." Percy sighed; his hand raising to rub the back of his neck, "Alright." Together, they walked (or in Chiron's case he trotted) to the Big House. The four story building stood out against the surrounding area, and a pushing thought of how long it would be until Percy saw it again floated into his mind. True to his word, Hermes was waiting in the entry room of the Big House; Dionysus and Annabeth sat with him around a table, one going through a wine magazine while the other was intently studying a small scratch on the tables surface; trying to focus the dozens of thoughts drifting throughout her busy mind. Percy smiled when he saw her; three years after the Giant War, they both were growing steadily into adulthood. Annabeth's grey eyes were as intimidating as ever, her curly blonde hair held back by a hair clip. Percy himself was tall; his body was that of a swimmers, wrapped with lean muscles. His dark hair was just as crazy as ever, and his sea green eyes still held that defiant gleam. Hermes was dressed in his mailman outfit; his hands swiping across his IPhone as he checked his emails. The messenger god looked up as the son of the sea god entered the room, a friendly smile appearing on his face, "Percy! It's been a while!" "Hermes," Percy shook the god's hand as the immortal stood up to greet him; offering a smile of his own. "It has been quite some time." "I wish I had time to chat," Hermes' smile seemed to fade. "However, the Big Three have called a council meeting. Your presences are requested." Annabeth stood and gave her boyfriend a quick hug, "When is it not? We have to leave now?" Hermes nodded and held out his hands, "Now grab on. And Dionysus, father wants you there too." "Lucky me," the wine god muttered; flipping another page of his magazine. With that said, Annabeth and her boyfriend closed their eyes as Hermes flashed them out of the room and to the palace of the gods. It only lasted a few seconds, and when Hermes gave them the all clear they opened their eyes to look around. They stood in the center of throne room, the gods all sat in their thrones; each stared at the two demigods, an unreadable look upon their faces. It was then Percy and Annabeth noticed the two thrones at the center of the throne line; the seats in place of where the king and queen would sit. Annabeth gripped Percy's hand tightly and looked to her mother, "Mom? What's going on? Why are we here!?" Athena gave her daughter an uneasy look, glancing sideways at Zeus as he silently fumed in his seat; the gods arms crossed over his chest in a show of temperament, and his eyes glaring holes into the two demigods' skulls, "I'm afraid we have some rather... shocking news." "What!?" Percy asked; stepping forward to look at the wisdom goddess, "What do you mean!? What happened!?" "Olympus is in need of new rulers," Poseidon stood; his hands gripping the trident in a relaxed way as he gazed at his son. "Olympus has rejected Zeus. The unoccupied thrones you see appeared this morning; taking the place of Zeus's. The fifth age is coming to an end; fate has decreed you two will take my brothers' place on the throne, and a new dawn will rise." "WHAT!?" Annabeth gasped and looked to the god of the skies. "Olympus rejected you!? You're no longer king!? I thought that couldn't happen!" Zeus grumbled in his throne, "That's what I thought. However, apparently it can. You two are to be the new kings." "And what about Hera!?" Percy turned to glare at said goddess, "You're the queen! You can't just take over!?" Hera crossed her arms and looked down; avoiding eye contact with either demigod. Her face wasn't angry, instead it was fearful and resigned. As if she knew something they didn't, "No. I've been separated from Zeus for nearly a year now. I'm no longer his queen or wife." Annabeth blinked, "So you two are just regular council members now!? And you all expect us to just accept this!? We had our lives planned out! We never agreed to this!" "A lot of people did not agree to certain things," Demeter eyed Hera uneasily. "However this is something none of us have any say in. Including certain other aspects of the problem." Percy growled and stomped his foot, "What else then!? Besides the fact we seemingly can never catch a freaking break!" Apollo stood and held out his hands soothingly, "You two are taking the position of king. You will share it. However, that means you two are to be issued a queen." Annabeth's eyes widened in shock, and she looked fearfully at Hera, "You can't be serious! Even if we do become the rulers, why can't I just be the queen!? Why does this has to happen!?" "One of the ancient rules put into effect," Ares grunted and waved a hand at the fuming Zeus. "It was suppose to be for the mortal kings of old, but it applies to all. Any inheriting persons of a kingdom take the wife of the deceased, or in this case rejected, king. As long as she can bear children and the inheritor is not married already, the law stands." "Wait," Percy held up his hands and pointed an unbelieving hand at the glaring former queen of the gods. "You're telling me-" "Since, Hera was the last wife father had," Artemis interrupted. "It falls upon you two." Hephaestus looked at he gaping demigods, "As the ancient rules pertain since you two did not marry, and both have been picked as the next rulers by fate; you two are subject to the law." "I... I..." Annabeth stuttered and shook her head, "You have got to be kidding me!" "I'm afraid we are not," Zeus snarled. "Otherwise, I would find it sensible to throw the two of you into Tartarus already!" The half-bloods exchanged unbelieving looks and looked over at the goddess of marriage, who for her part stubbornly avoided eye contact, "Are you guys being serious right now!?" "Yes," Athena stood once more and stared down at their future 'kings'. "You two are to marry Hera." It took a whole hour to get the demigods to calm down after the meeting; both of them storming out of the throne room and thundering down the street, angrily stomping their feet at what they were expected to do. Apollo was issued the problem of finding them, knocking them out, and taking them to Athena's palace where the gods would turn them into immortals; although they wouldn't be awarded with their domains until the wedding reception, which they decided would take place in a fortnight, much to Percy and Annabeth's chagrin. Hera herself had been quiet during the whole meeting; it was obvious to the demigods she had been arguing with the other gods before their arrival about this whole situation, however the odds were not in her favor. So, instead she settled with avoiding eye contact or glaring at the two half-bloods whenever they would look at her in the throne room. It was nearly a day later when Annabeth and Percy would wake, an odd feeling resonating throughout their bodies as they adjusted to immortality. "Seriously!?" Percy complained as he inspected his hands; taking note of the slight glow covering his skin now, "You guys couldn't wait until we were conscious!?" "They did it so that we couldn't fight back," Annabeth gave her mother a pleading look. "Do we have to do this so soon!? You couldn't give us fifty or sixty years?" "I'm sorry, but this was all bad timing." Athena gestured out the window, "Olympus is still recovering from the Titan and Giant War a few years ago, so we have to get you settled in so that we can continue with everything without too much distraction. That includes speeding both your immortality and wedding along." "And what about this wedding!?" Percy exhaled in a frustrated manner. "What's going to happen!?" Athena shuffled uncomfortably in her seat, "It is following the ways of old; meaning you two will marry her in a grand ceremony, and you will be inducted as the rulers at the same time. After the ceremony and towards the end of the reception, you two will leave with Hera to your palace. There you will be expected to deflower her and the marriage will be consummated. After that particular issue is done, you three will leave on a honeymoon of sorts." "Deflower her?" Percy blinked in surprise. "The woman's got kids. I'm pretty sure she isn't a virgin." "Her virginity can be restored," Annabeth muttered; looking at her mother. "That's what's going to happen right. The council will have her bathe in that sacred spring in Greece. The one that can clear taint, and restore someone to innocence. Aren't you?" Athena nodded sadly, "We believe the best way to give you two an easy glide into the marriage would be to clean Hera of Zeus's claim on her. The only proof of their relationship will be their children, and you two will be her first once her virginity is restored." "Why should we do this!?" Percy growled. "We've never gotten along with Hera! Why should we have to marry her!?" "Because like it or not we are all slaves to fate," Athena retorted. "Even gods. Hera isn't any more happy than you two are, but there is nothing she can do. There is nothing anyone can do. We've already tried appealing to the fates; however, they are adamant that this is the way it must be. You three will be married, and eventually she will bear you both children and heirs. Perhaps once a child is born the fates will allow you to separate. However until then we must wait and see." "I just," Annabeth sighed and buried her face in her hands. "I don't want to marry her. I don't want to even be in the same room as her, and now you expect me to get children off of her!? Mother, I know you're wise and all, but I'm pretty sure that's physically impossible." "Not for goddesses," Athena