Hey! So this is my first story I've written. So please no flames, although constructive criticism is always welcomed. Also, this story has major LGBT themes and mild sexual situations, so if you are uncomfortable with that heres your warning. Plus, this is Pro-Hera. I wanted to portray Hera differently than most writers. So no haters or rants about how she is the worst goddess. Disclaimer: I do not own PJO or HoO. I am not Rick Riordan. So no lawsuits please. Enjoy~ It was a fairly normal dinner for the demigods of Camp Half-Blood. Well, unless you count learning about the impending war with Camp Jupiter, Gaia awakening, and the Giants waging war on Olympus….. Never mind it was a depressing dinner. Campers solemnly picked at their food, not really feeling great enough to eat. They knew another war was fast approaching. They also knew their chances of winning this one. Let's just say they weren't optimistic. After ten minutes Chiron stomped his hoof three times against the marble floor and opened his mouth to speak, "Campers! Tomorrow we sha-" A burst of white light suddenly blinded the campers and everyone was forced to look away as the light spread around the pavilion. When the light finally died down, campers turned and gasped as the realization of what the light had transported here kicked in. Clarisse stood up; gripping her sword hand so tight her knuckles turned an ashy white. Her eyes narrowed as she growled at the intruders, "Romans." The whole camp was deadly quiet, the Roman demigods slowly got over their shock. Octavian screamed out, "Greeks right there! I was right! You see soldiers of Rome? They destroy OUR city, yet carry on with their lives as if they did no wrong!" The roman demigods drew their weapons, glaring at the Greek demigods with fierce hatred. Chiron turned pale his eyes darting back and forth between the two groups. He licked his lips nervously, "Now children, there is no need to fight. We did not fire on your camp." "Lies!" Octavian pushed himself to the front of the roman mass. "I saw it myself! Leo Valdez fired upon our city with your warship! The blame lies with you Greeks!" A roar of approval rose up within the romans. The Greeks snapped out of their shock, realizing the romans were standing right in front of them; they drew their weapons ready to defend themselves. Malcolm, the current counselor of Cabin Six spoke up. "Listen romans. Leo was possessed by an eidolon. Gaia sent the eidolon to turn us against each other. You're playing right into her hands!" The Greeks quickly voiced their agreement, and a ripple of uneasiness spread throughout the legion as the smarter demigods considered the revelation. However, before anyone could challenge Malcolm's proclamation a loud crack of thunder broke through the sky, and the demigods were now aware of the gods standing among them. But it wasn't just the Olympians, minor gods and goddess also stood there. Immediately, the demigods all bowed. Zeus waved his hand dismissing them, "Please stand. Now can someone tell us what we're doing here?" Reyna rose and hesitantly asked, "My Lord, you mean you didn't summon us to this camp?" Dionysus snorted, "Of course not! We know better than to allow the two groups to mingle. Unlike a certain goddess ." Hera growled, "Watch who your insulting Dionysus. Don't want to anger the wrong deity do you?" Dionysus huffed and rolled his eyes, while the demigods watched with wide eyes. Reyna knitted her eyebrows together a look of confusion passing through her eyes, "Then who-" Before she could finish the sentence the sea exploded, the earth shook, and a tornado funnel formed around the assembled crowd. The Olympians tried to maintain order and calm the demigods, but soon everything went dark. When everyone came to they were sitting in the amphitheater Greeks to one half; romans to the other, and to everybody's amazement the hunters were also sitting in the first two rows. The gods all had thrones arranged in a crescent along the front of the audience, so that they were facing the demigods. Thalia immediately stood up, "What's going on? How did we get here? Why are romans and the gods here?" Zeus looked muddled, "What? I don't-" Abruptly, he was cut off by a loud clashing sound and eight demigods and 1 satyr being dropped from the sky as they screamed and cursed. Athena snapped her fingers and they stopped falling a foot off the ground. Standing up they dusted themselves off and looked around at the gathered mass of people. Demigods gasped when they saw how beaten they looked. Thalia immediately ran toward them, "Jason! Annabeth! Percy!" Thalia tackled them in a great big hug, crying from relief. "Oh, I'm so glad your all safe!" They looked confused, tired, and beat up. Percy and Annabeth were pale and sickly looking; gashes, cuts, and bruises covered their bodies. While the others, did look better, but it was clear they'd all been through hell. Percy blinked, "Umm… What are we doing here?" The Hunters, gods, and demigods looked up, "We are about as clueless as you are." Iris stood up, a note in her hand, and began to speak, "My Lord, this note appeared with me. It's addressed to all of us." Zeus nodded, "Very well. Please read it." Iris opened the envelope and prepared to read. However, a scream cut through the amphitheater. Immediately, all heads turned towards the Queen of the Gods. Her eyes were clenched closed; her hand positioned over her heart. She collapsed in her seat, and fell to the ground; while she sobbed from the pain. The two sitting on either side of her, Zeus and Demeter, lunged at her. Grabbing her arms, they repositioned her on the ground, so that she was now lying flat on her back. Apollo raced to her side, and helped her sit up so she could breathe easier. "Step-mother, what's wrong?" She coughed, causing ichor to spill out of her mouth, and gestured to her chest, "My heart feels like it's about to explode!" Apollo nodded his head before placing a hand over her eyes and muttering an incantation. Her eyes closed, and the Sun god quickly healed the damage to the goddesses' heart. Gently picking her up, he handed the sleeping woman to Argus, and then instructed him to take her to the infirmary. Turning back to his fellow immortals, Zeus demanded an explanation. "What happened to my wife!?" Apollo shook his head, "I don't know. Her heart had severe damage to it, but whatever caused it could not be located." Zeus sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, "Will she be alright?" "Yes, but I recommend we let her rest a few hours." "Alright then." He turned to Iris, "Please continue with the note." Iris reluctantly read, yet it was clear she wanted to hear more of the Queens' sudden illness. Dear gathered audience, It has come to our attention that most of you hate a certain goddess. Still, she is a major part of the Sevens' success in defeating Gaea. So, we have brought you all here to read about her. The story will explain the recent event you all witnessed and much more. Now, we ask that all councilors, centurions, praetors, and the Seven (plus guests) to introduce yourselves. No killing or serious harm shall come to anyone, and do be conscious that we may send more people. Sincerely, Rhea and the Fates. It was deadly quiet. Well, not for long. "What! The fates! How can this be?" "I thought we weren't supposed to do these sorts of things!" "Unbelievable!" "Never in my lif-" " SILENCE !" All eyes turned to look at the King of Olympus. He was thinking hard; his grey eyes stormy and thoughtful. Yet an undertone of worry was clear, "We will follow the Fates' instructions, and read about whoever this goddess is. Now councilors, centurions, praetors, and the Seven: Introduce yourselves. A brunette with hazel eyes stood up, while Demeter smiled at her. "Katie Gardner. Daughter of Demeter and Councilor of Cabin Four." A muscular girl stood up next, while Ares smirked. "Clarisse La Rue. Daughter of Ares, Drakon slayer and Councilor of Cabin Five." Next, a blond boy with grey eyes rose from his seat. "Malcolm. Son of Athena and Temporary Councilor of Cabin Six." Athena beamed at her son, while another demigod rose, "Will Solace. Son of Apollo and Councilor of Cabin Seven." Apollo grinned, blinding everyone within a ten foot radius. At least until Artemis smacked him upside the head. Then a buff looking dark haired girl stood up; a bandana wrapped around her head. "Nyssa. Daughter of Hephaestus and Temporary Councilor of Cabin 9." Hephaestus looked at his daughter, a flicker of pride flashed in his eyes. "Mitchell. Son of Aphrodite and Temporary Councilor for Cabin Ten." Aphrodite squealed, while the other gods and goddesses rolled their eyes. Meanwhile, two mischievous looking boys stood up and bowed. "Travis-" "And Conner Stoll-" "Sons of Hermes and Co-councilors of Cabin Eleven." They grinned at their father who looked proudly at his sons. Another boy with blond hair and violet eyes stood up, causing Dionysus to peek over his magazine. "Pollux. Son of Dionysus and Councilor of Cabin Twelve." Dionysus turned his attention back to his magazine, however if you looked close enough you would detect the faint trace of a smile on his face. After Pollux's introduction, a muscular boy walked forward, "Butch. Son of Iris and Councilor of Cabin Fourteen." Iris looked curiously at her son, while Leo snickered about 'rainbows and ponies' until Piper elbowed him in the ribs. A tired looking boy stood up. He blinked and swayed trying to stay awake. "Clovis. Son of Hypnos and Councilor of Cabin Fifth teen." Hypnos snorted awake on his throne, lazily looking at his son before once again falling asleep. The siblings of the god looked curiously at their nephew, while Morpheus smiled at his little brother and other half-blood siblings. The other cabins continued their councilor introduction up until Hecate's' cabin. "Lou Ellen. Daughter of Hecate and Councilor of Cabin Twenty." Hecate smirked at her daughter while Hecuba sat by the goddesses' feet. The other children of Nyx looked at their nieces and nephews with interest. Zeus cleared his throat, "Now that we have the councilors done." His form flicker to Jupiter, "Centurions! Introduce yourselves!" Octavian strutted forward. "Octavian. Legacy of Apollo, Augur, and Centurion of the First Cohort." Apollo flashed the peace sign at his great-grandson, before turning on his iPod. "Larry. Legacy of Vulcan and Centurion of the Second Cohort." "Hank. Legacy of Mars and Centurion of the Third Cohort." A boy with lips stained red waltzed forward. "Dakota. Son of Bacchus and Centurion of the Fifth Cohort." Dionysus once again looked over the edge of his magazine, before turning the page and muttering to himself. A pretty girl with blond hair stood up, "Gwendolyn. Daughter of Venus and Centurion of the Fifth Cohort." Aphrodite squealed, beaming at her daughter. While everyone else groaned and covered their ears. "It would be nice if you didn't cause us to go deaf Aphrodite!" Artemis snapped at the goddess. But, Aphrodite only smirked. "Funny, since you didn't seem to mind screaming last night." Artemis grabbed her bow, Apollo abruptly pulled off his ear buds, the Hunters looked like someone kicked their puppy, and everyone else stared wide eyed at the two women. "You wish skank." "Yes, but you fantasize. " "OKAY ENOUGH!" Athena rubbed her temples. "There are children here!" Aphrodite leaned back in her throne, while Artemis muttered threats. Zeus shook his head, trying to get the images out of his head before turning to the Seven, "Introduce yourselves." A tall, blond, and chiseled boy walked forward. "Jason Grace. Son of Jupiter, Champion of Juno, and One of Seven." Zeus cracked a smile,