Author's Note: Guess who? Yep, it's me! I know, I know, it's been FOREVER since I posted anything on here. I've gone way too long without posting anything, so here it is! I've had this idea some time around around Christmas, but since I just finished it, I thought why not. And yes, I am aware that it's February, but I can't wait until December this year, so consider this your late-Christmas present! Anyways, enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson but my late Christmas wish is for Santa to bring me the contract that would make it mine... So, Rick Riordan, don't be too freaked out when an old fat guy comes down your chimney and steals the contract, 'kay? Let It Snow The cold wind rustled softly through the Jackson threshold, and a sleeping Percy Jackson stirred slightly in his sleep. He was dreaming of the usual: the one and only Daughter of Athena, Annabeth Chase. Of course, he'd never admit to anyone that he'd been dreaming about her – not even Grover – but that didn't mean he never secretly enjoyed these dreams whenever they came along. In this dream, they were both having a picnic under an oak tree in the park, enjoying the sunshine, the fresh air, and each other's company. She leaned in and kissed his cheek softly, causing a sleeping Percy to unconsciously smile in his sleep. He knew that nothing could ruin this perfect dream… " Merry Christmas! " Well, except that. Awakened from his mum's loud cry, Percy moaned and covered his face with his pillow, trying to drown out the real world and get back to his dream. Of course, no one had ever said that today would be his day, but he couldn't help but wish for a few more hours of sleep until the day was over. Well, technically, it wasn't Christmas yet; Christmas was tomorrow, and every other sane person in the world had already gone shopping for presents. Percy, on the other hand, wished that he could just sleep through the entire thing – he already did that at school, so what difference did it make? But Percy knew that he couldn't do that. Since last Christmas had been a complete disaster, he promised himself that he would put a little effort this year – plus, he was looking forward to getting Annabeth a present; hell, it might even trigger her feelings towards him if he got her exactly what she wanted. Of course, that was easier said than done, but hey, the guy was being hopeful. Realising there was no way he could get back to sleep, he rolled over and got up, stretching. He quickly took a shower and changed, and headed downstairs. He, Annabeth and Grover had plans to meet up at her place for breakfast, and they planned they'd get out to enjoy their only monster-free time because of the "Christmas-Treaty" thing they got going on. "See you guys," Percy said as he passed the kitchen and headed to the front door. "Percy, sweetie, where are you going?" His mother, Sally, asked. "Grover and Annabeth and I already have breakfast plans," he explained shortly, opening the door. "Well, don't forget to borrow the Christmas lights from Annabeth for tomorrow," she reminded him. "Got it, Mum," he said. He got out, and was about to head to an alley when he heard Paul shout out, "And don't forget the pudding!" "I won't!" he yelled back. He dashed into a nearby alley, heading towards the Chase Household People were already setting up Christmas decorations all over their house, some were out doing late Christmas shopping, and kids were playing around. Even though it was late December, it hadn't snowed yet, which was odd, since it snowed every year at this time. He had already gotten everyone a gift – his mum, Paul, Thalia and Grover – but every time he tried to think of something to get Annabeth his mind turned blank. He had been asking her all week what she wanted for Christmas, but her answer was always the same annoying word, "Nothing." He thought it would be slightly difficult to get her a gift – her being somewhat rich and having everything and all of that – but it was even harder than he thought. He wanted to leave a great impression and show her that he cared about her – more than friends – but at this rate all he was going to do was prove to her how really clueless he was. Well, that was about to change. Standing in front of her door, he rang the doorbell. Her parents had been away on a business conference, but they were going to be back tomorrow to celebrate Christmas with her. The door opened, and her brother – Matthew, Percy thought his name was – stood there. "Hey Jackson," he greeted. "Hey there, Matthew," Percy said, smiling warmly as he stepped in. "Anna and Grover are in the living room," he informed him, and Percy thanked him and made his way towards the living room. Annabeth was sitting on the couch, a cup of hot chocolate in hand, while Grover was sitting upside down on the leather brown bean bag chair, playing with his curls. "Hey guys," Percy said, grinning and making his way to sit next to Annabeth. "Hey," Grover and Annabeth said unconsciously. Annabeth's eyes were glued to the TV, and Grover was busy trying to braid his hair. "So, Annabeth," he said, realising she was watching some Johnny Depp movie. "Have you decided what you want for Christmas yet?" Annabeth rolled her eyes, but didn't take her eyes off the screen when she replied. "Sure," she said with a hint of sarcasm. "Tell me if you ever meet Johnny Depp." "Come on, Annabeth," Percy said in a pleading tone. "It can't be that hard to tell me what you want." "Look, I already told you I don't want anything," Annabeth said, turning to him with an irritated look. "I already have all I need." Percy turned thoughtful. "Hm," he murmured. "Interesting." "Percy!" Grover said in a disbelieved tone, giving him a look. "If you even think about it, you and I are going to have issues, man." Percy smirked at his friend and then turned back to Annabeth. "Come on, you have to want at least one thing for Christmas, right?" "Percy, I already told you," Annabeth said, but she actually looked amused this time, "I don't want anything. Don't waste your money on something I can easily have." Percy grunted in defeat, slumping down on the couch. He folded his arms across his chest and pouted, looking like a little kid when his Mum told him he couldn't have a cookie before dinner. "Fine," he grumbled. Annabeth chuckled, and then turned back to the TV. In truth, she did want something for Christmas: for Percy to be hers. Well, not hers as in her property, but hers as in – oh, you know what I mean! And it wasn't just for that holiday; she wanted him so bad every day since she first met him; how those blue eyes would glimmer when he thought of an idea, how his lips would tug up in a smile every time he saved the world. Of course, she knew she didn't stand a chance, since he was so head over heels with Rachel. The thought made Annabeth want to puke all over her 'pretty face'. Returning to reality, Annabeth realised that her movie had ended. Taking a sip from her hot chocolate and trying not to scream at Percy that all she wanted for Christmas was him , she starting flipping through channels. Nothing was on, so she settled for letting the TV stay on the News Channel. "So," she said casually, "what do you guys wanna do today?" "How about we go to the public pool?" Grover suggested, getting up and sitting properly on the bean bag. "The pool?" Percy asked incredulously. "In this weather?" "Hey, it's never cold if it doesn't snow," Grover said. "Why hasn't it snowed, by the way?" Annabeth asked, suddenly interested in the subject. "Usually it starts snowing by early December." Grover shrugged. "Beats me." As if on cue, a news reporter appeared on TV, and the headline was 'No Snow This Winter?' "No snow this winter?" Percy said as he leaned forward, reading the headline. "What's that supposed to mean?" The news reporter started saying that scientists have declared that there would be no snow in the East Coast this year. Not to dwell on the scientific stuff, but all in all the temperature was too high for snow flakes to form due to the increasing amount of carbon released in the factory that recently opened up in New York. Scientists hoped that this problem would subdue by next year, but no one could never really know. "This is a joke, right?" Annabeth said in disbelief. "Well, it came on a news channel and scientists said that," Percy shrugged, "so I don't see any reason for them to joke. Besides, it kinda does make sense." "Man," Annabeth said in disappointed. "This is bull. I mean, no snow this year? What is Christmas without snow?" She sighed. "I never really thought I'd want it to snow this bad before." "Wow, thanks Anna," Grover said, grinning, not really giving a crap about the crisis going on. "You just gave me an idea for your Christmas present; a snow ball." "Dang it!" Percy face-palmed himself. "I was getting that idea!" "Hey, I called it!" Grover said, raising a hand at him in a 'back-off' gesture. "I guess it's not a big deal," Annabeth shrugged, sighing. Closing the TV, she added, "So, how about we go to Starbucks for some breakfast and then plan to do whatever then?" "Sounds good," Percy shrugged, and Grover nodded his agreement. "Okay, give me a second to change into a sweater and we'll head off," Annabeth shortly said before she got out and dashed up to her room. Percy and Grover walked to the front door and waited for her. "Great, now what am I supposed to do?" Percy thought out loud in frustration. "Dude, just get her like an architect book or something," Grover said, looking bored with the effort Percy was trying to make. "It's not just about the present, Grover," Percy said. "I want to get her something that will show her that I care enough to want to try hard." Grover got a gleam in his eyes, finally understanding why he was fretting so hard over this present issue. He decided not to say anything, since the poor son of Poseidon already had a lot of things to worry about. "What are you gonna do?" Grover asked. "Well, she did say that she hated the fact that it wasn't going to snow this year," Percy thought over. "But that's not possible, how could I make it–" Percy stopped midsentence. It was as if a light bulb turned on above his head, and he got a thoughtful glint in his eyes. "Um, Percy?" Grover said, weirded out that he suddenly stopped talking and was smiling slyly. "What are you up to?" "Annabeth did say she wanted it to snow, right?" Percy said slyly. Grover snickered. "Bro, come on, we're talking about snow here. I don't think you can really make it snow." Percy gave him a thoughtful and sly look. "Hmm… can I?" "Merry Christmas, Anna!" Grover said as he handed Sam her present. It was a small grey box, which was tied with a black ribbon. Annabeth already knew it was a snow ball, but she liked it that Grover had put an, well, effort in her gift. It was Christmas morning, and Annabeth, Grover and Thalia were all huddled up in her living room by the fireplace. A Christmas tree was set up at the corner,