『 Disclaimer 』 Harry Potter and the franchise belonged to J.K. Rowling and WB studios. The author only stole some elements from the story, and he hopes you won't tell the Harry Potter's publisher team because he is afraid of being sued. Thank you . . . 『 Extra Note 』 "Game of Truth Seeker," speaking normally. Game of Truth Seeker , mulling/thinking in mind. 『 Chapter 01: Tutorial 』 The spider on the ceiling fell and landed right in front of his face. "What…!" Our protagonist quickly gained his senses. Instinctively, he took a step back, however, with a thud, his back bumped against something. It was a wall. Carefully looking around himself, he realized he was in a small cramped space. His eyes narrowed and then swept over the dark cramped room and at the tilted ceiling, so close to his face that he was sure he could touch it without fully standing. From what he could see, he was inside what he believed as cupboard under the stairs, a place where people usually put cleaning tools. He stopped his breath. Why was I here? How did I get here? A loud siren rang in his head. His conscience instantly went cold, as if something forced open his skull and poured in ice-cold water, telling him to stay on his toes. The sensation was strange, nothing to describe it in words. It was something he'd never experienced in the past. Then, unexpectedly, a green translucent screen, just as big as his palm, appeared in front of his face, floating calmly as though it was goading him to do something stupid that attracted attention. The strange ice-cold sensation in his mind held back his instinctive reaction towards something unexpected. He didn't scream. He didn't do something stupid. He just stared at the translucent screen and read the writing in it: 「 Welcome to the most wonderful game ever invented — Life . . . 」 He didn't understand what's the meaning of the writing. In fact, it sounded ominous for his taste. He couldn't even understand what was happening to him now. Then, another translucent screen appeared under the first screen. It had another writing written in it. He silently read: 「 Before you go with your new life, first, let's begin with tutorial. Every game has tutorial for the player, so the player won't play the game like a dunderhead 」 「 Think or say 'NEXT' to begin first section of tutorial 」 Er . . . — he wasn't sure about it. Was he dreaming? Was everything happened to him real? Nevertheless, he followed the instruction written in the screen— next . The screen shattered into beautiful motes of light, taking him by surprise. Then new translucent screen appeared, replacing the broken screen earlier. 「 All players must know their character statistics. Let's find out your character statistics by saying or thinking 'STATS'! 」 He followed the instruction, not because he was obedient, but because he hadn't come back from his shocked trance. He saw the screen broke down, and the motes of light, mysterious and beautiful like fireflies in the dark, circled around and merged into new screen. This time, the screen was bigger than the previous screen. He read the content silently: 「 Name: Harry Potter (?) The name of character you're playing. The question mark next to it means you as player of this game of life isn't the real person you've replaced 」 Just as he finished reading the first explanation, he stopped dead on his track. His mind numbed. The name — Harry Potter — echoed in his mind, as though a broken recorder that kept repeating the same word repeatedly. Harry Potter. He knew well that name — the name of main character of a fictional novel he loved, since he was in elementary school. Series of novels written by J.K. Rowling and had been adapted into movies. Impossible . . . this is impossible! He tried to deny it, he checking his body to see if he was still in his 19 years old body only to find his body was that of the small, skinny child. He found it was real. It was a cold ruthless truth. How? How have I ended in the body of child? Harry fucking Potter nonetheless! He started to panic, but the strange cold sensation poured into his mind, driving away his panic as soon as it comes. After he calmed enough, he began to call his last memory before he lost his consciousness. He was going to campus and riding his motorcycle fast. He was in hurry because he had an important exam, but something happened in the way. A traffic incident. A car going fast slammed him and his motorcycle, and then he saw nothing but darkness. A chill ran on his spine, traveling up to his nape. All his hair rose up, standing straight in horror. However, it wasn't for long for the strange ice-cold sensation poured into his mind again, calming him fast and ruthlessly. I . . . I am . . . d, dead? It was unbelievable, yet he couldn't deny it as he could remember it with such clarity he'd never had before. He raised his hand and put his face on it. He was in shock. Knowing you have died wasn't easy. It was because the strange ice-cold sensation filling his mind that kept him calm so far. He stayed like that for a while, silently thinking over his own demise again and again. He could feel something had changed within him, as if he'd been brutally traumatized by something. He inhaled deeply, trying to grip the reality. I'm alive . . . don't worry — I'm still alive. He reminded to himself, and at that moment, he remembered his family he supposedly had left behind. His old parents and young siblings. He was the eldest son in the family and the gap in age between him and the second born in family was far, almost a decade. What will happen to them? What's going to happen with Mum, Dad, Anna and Erick? He asked to himself, but he couldn't find satisfying answer. Actually, he felt detached when he thought his family. The mysterious ice-cold sensation, flash of understanding filled his mind, whatever it is; it makes me apathetic with everything that usually makes me have a strong reaction. Just what happened with me? He raised his head, pulling away his face from his small palm, and then stared at the translucent screen floating in front of his face. He narrowed his eyes, glaring heatedly, at the screen. Whatever happened with him, the screen was connected with it. His eyes moved down, focusing on the next content after 'Name', and he continued reading the writing silently. 「 Age: 7 years, 7 months — The age of your character, showing how old the character you're playing 」 He paused, thinking over something. From his memory, Harry Potter was born at July 31, 1980, and currently the body he'd somehow possessed was 7 years and 7 months old. It meant the date was around February, year 1988. He filed the information for later use, and continued reading. 「 Job: The Gamer — Showing your occupational job in this reality. You have been given a chance to enjoy interesting game/life as your character. You can do anything as you wish to spice up your boring character life 」 He felt anger spiked in his chest. Even though the strange ice-cold sensation had dulled it, he was still angry. He wasn't idiot and he could see it. Whatever had put him in this position, he or she or it wanted an amusement. Whatever it was, it wanted him to be their source of amusement, and he knew well how helpless he was to free himself. He didn't hold an illusion he could snatch back his freedom. He could only follow what it wished him to do because he didn't have any choice. He wasn't Harry Potter and he didn't have confidence he could live his new — second? Whatever his current predicament was called — life following the canon. He wasn't a Gryffindor whom would jump ahead without plan promising his safety and success. 「 Class: Untrained-Wizard — Your character-class. Because the nature of your chosen character— 」 He snorted at that. He had never chosen this. He was forced to do this. 「 — as someone with magical background, your class tree has been selected manually as Untrained-wizard. You can upgrade your class to Apprentice Wizard, then to Adept Wizard or Dark Wizard, then to Sorcerer if you chose Adept Wizard or Dark Lord if you chose Dark Wizard, and so on. For further information, you can access 'HELP' option later 」 「 Health: 65/65 (Regen: 0.65/Min) — The numerical value of your life. If your Health drops to 0, you'll die and you won't get any second chance anymore. You can increase your Health and Health Regeneration by increasing your Vitality statistic of your character. The total sum of your Health is Vitality statistic multiplied by 10, while the sum of your Health Regeneration is Vitality statistics divided by 10 」 「 Mana: 775/775 (Regen: 7.75/Min) — The numerical value of your magical energy. When your mana drops to 0, you will loss your consciousness. You can increase your Mana and Mana Regeneration by increasing your Magic statistic. The sum of your Mana is Magic statistic multiplied by 10, while the sum of your Mana Regeneration is Magic statistics divided by 10 」 「 Strength: 5.5 — The numerical value of your muscle strength, affecting how much you can raise a weight. Each point is equal with 1kg. You can increase this statistic by training your muscle. The higher your statistic, the harder raising the point 」 「 Speed: 8 — Speed statistic is the numerical value of your movement speed, affecting how fast you can move and/or run. You can increase this statistic by training your speed and your body control. The higher your statistic, the harder raising the point 」 「 Vitality: 6.5 — Vitality statistic is the numerical value of your body vitality, affecting how much your Health is and how long you can live. You can increase this statistic by exercising and increasing your body fitness. The higher your statistic, the harder raising the point 」 「 Magic: 77.5 (60.5*+17) — Magic statistic is the numerical value of your innate ability with magical aspect, affecting how much you have magical energy/mana, the requirements to learn magic, and other magical things. You can increase this statistic exercising your magic control, meditation, etc. The higher your statistic, the harder raising the point 」 「 Charisma: 12 (5*+7) — The ability to attract, charm, and influence the people around you. This stat can only be increased by attracting/charming everyone around you and keep your charismatic image, so your charm stat won't suffer decrease penalty 」 「 Luck: ? — Success or failure apparently brought by chance rather than through one's own actions. You cannot increase or decrease your luck because only Fates can bestow you good luck or curse you with abysmal luck 」 His eyebrow started to twitch in aggravation just after his eyes landed on his luck. Just what in the bloody hell the question mark means? The ice-cold sensation calmed his mind, and with a tired sigh, he continued. 「 Money: - — Showing the amount of wealth you bring with your character 」 「 You can continue to next section by thinking/saying 'NEXT'! 」 He didn't follow the instruction immediately, but checking his character statistic once again. He couldn't see the most important statistic of game's character — Level. Where in the hell are the Level and Experience Point? After he stared at the stats screen for a while, he breathed out a resigned sigh. It couldn't be helped. He was doomed! His