I don't own Harry Potter, JKR does »»-¤-«« Chapter 1: The Astronomy Tower Should Really Have a Railing »»-¤-«« Harry hurried back to the common room. Before he could give in to the tiredness from the Quidditch practice, he had a Potions essay to finish. He felt like his eyelids weighted a ton. Despite the pressing deadlines he had stayed out past everyone. Flying was one of the few activities that didn't include people needing things from him. The curfew had always been more of a guideline to older students, hadn't it? One flight of stairs away from his bed – homework, he corrected himself – he was stopped by a person. Glancing at the man in front of him a small part of his brain wished it had been Filch. Harry felt his heart racing, tiredness pushed to a deeper part of his brain. "Potter," a cold voice greeted. "I don't have time for this, Malfoy," Harry tried to reason, "I have to conjure up a potions essay and Hermione is busy tonight. I want to get at least a couple of hours of sleep." He didn't really expect Malfoy to understand. The royal prick would probably only take twice as long to get lost. "I can do your homework," Malfoy said, leaving Harry's mouth open for a moment, his eyes narrowing in suspicion soon after. "And why in the world would you do that?" "I…" Malfoys sneered and his imperturbable posture shattered leaving a very irritated young man. He clenched his teeth together and rubbed his forehead with his fingers leaving red marks. "I need…" he stopped again. Harry's eyes widened realising what he was getting at. Reminding himself not to be naïve he rolled his eyes. "What, Malfoy?" The blond pinched the bridge of his nose. "Can you…" his wand lit up causing Malfoy to stop mid-sentence and he bit his lip. Harry noticed because a dark red drop of blood appeared before he slid his tongue over it and covered his mouth with his pale, lean fingers. "Fuck," he breathed angrily, looking like he would rather be anywhere but here and do anything but whatever he was doing. "Listen, Potter..." He briefly looked at Harry and looked away again, furrowing his brows in distaste. "Can you just come with me?" Harry was speechless. Malfoy was acting so weird and he hadn't insulted him once. "Why?" "I just…" His wand lit up with more fiercely and Malfoy looked at it alarmed. "There is nothing you should be afraid of. Just... Somebody needs your help." He looked at Harry who was regarding the blond, weighing his options. "I swear to god Malfoy, if you're messing with me..." Harry shook his head. The blond was way out of character to be lying. Hopefully . "I am not. We need to hurry," he said, setting off down the corridor. Harry followed Malfoy, wondering what had happened. When Malfoys drawn wand exploded in a set of new sparkles, the blond completely lost his cool. "Shit!" he growled, picking up the pace. They were rapidly approaching the Astronomy tower, Harry barely keeping up with Malfoy who was now running full speed. He had never seen Malfoy out of his own skin like this, the blond, Harry realised, was worried. Furrowing his brows, Harry took out his wand. Their steps echoed from the walls as they approached the landing on top of the tower. There Malfoy stopped, breathing heavily, Harry passed him, looking around for danger, but all he saw was flashbacks, wind and darkness. He turned to look at Malfoy, annoyed. The blond didn't look at him, he shoved Harry aside, looking around shakenly. "Pansy?" he called. "Pansy, I swear to Merlin's left buttock... " He frantically looked around, Harry almost felt tempted to say something comforting. Malfoy looked so anxious, so human. "If I just willingly spent five minutes running around with scar-head for no reason, I will be livid." And there goes my sympathy, Harry thought, rolling his eyes and postponing his annoyance. The girl in question stepped out of the shadows, wand in her hand, the wind lashing her short hair around. She looked small, face shining with tears, Harry realised shocked. "Thank you, Draco," she said, her voice uneven. "What is going on?" Harry demanded. Two against one was no fair, but then, when had Slytherins played fair? Since Voldemort lost? Apparently not. "I need to say something." Pansy choked, her voice broken, tears streaming from her red eyes. She wiped her cheeks with her hand, looking up, forcing a deep breath. Malfoy was staring, his face frozen wand still in his hand, beaming light upon the three of them. Harry was dumbstruck, he had been mentally preparing for potion homework, not hysterical Slytherin girls on top of a tower. "Potter, don't be stupid," Malfoy ordered, his voice too high for him to be as calm as he appeared. Hysterical is a more appropriate description , Harry decided, affronted by the out of the blue command. "Pansy, listen, I got him here, like you asked." The usually stone-cold Slytherin was begging her, Harry realised in shock. "You say what you have to and then we will go back to the common room and do whatever you want. I promise, anything." Pansy's eyes snapped from the ceiling to her house-mate, tears still flowing down her face despite her attempts to wipe them off. "Even colour your hair?" she asked smiling painfully. "Anything," Malfoy promised without a falter. "Liar," she determined, taking a step backward. Her dress caught a draft, surging around her shaking knees. Malfoy stared at her frozen, Harry stepped forward feeling uneasy. Malfoy was ready to promise anything, Parkinson was dressed in a fancy dress, her makeup was smeared, her hair looked like it had been carefully arranged in locks that now were being destroyed by the wind. Everything was confusing. Malfoy stepped forward, but Pansy had her wand ready before he could reach her, she took one more step towards the edge. "Don't," she ordered. "You know, if you lose consciousness, your amateur spell goes with you." Malfoy stepped back, lifting his hands, teeth gritted. He looked past his shoulder to Harry who was standing by the entrance, the silvery eyes felt like daggers. "Potter," Pansy said, moving her hair from her face with a shaky hand. "I apologize." Harry blinked. "I don't have a handy excuse, but I am sorry," she said, her jaw shaking from the sobs she was so masterfully keeping concealed. "I was so scared that I would be killed." Her eyes were boring in to Harry with deep sorrow. "I regret saying that stupid thing, I regret ever thinking that the Dark Lord was anything but a madman." Harry shifted from feet to feet. Why was she saying that? "Now that that's said, I feel better," she said, but her expression didn't convey anything other than suffering. "Bye, Draco." "Pansy!" Malfoy moved his wand, a silvery net revealing itself at the edge of the tower. The words hanging in the air the witch stepped backward leaving only one step between her and the edge. Harry finally spurred in to motion, realising what she was planning. "Parkinson," he said in shock. "What the hell are you doing? Listen to me… Pansy, " he growled anger rising from the pit of his stomach. "You can't undo what has been done by one more death. Do you hear me?" The dark-haired girl was standing on the edge, her watery eyes glued to Harry. "Don't scream at her!" Malfoy shouted over the wind. "Sorry, right. Pansy," Harry took a deep breath. "You claim that you're sorry…" "I am!" she cried, covering her shaking lips with her even more violently shaking hand. "Then prove it. Rise above your mistakes. Be better. Your death will not correct anything, it will only hurt more people." With each statement Harry stepped closer to the erratic girl, who stared at him like he was the Jesus risen again. When he mentioned hurting people, her eyes jumped to Malfoy guiltily. "I tried to give you out to the Dark Lord… don't you think I deserve death?" she breathed, her words coming out with such effort that they seemed to be cutting her throat. "Nobody deserves death, besides, if I had gone to Voldemort then and there much less people would have died." Pansy trembled but she didn't fall backward, Harry called that a victory. "Come with me," he extended his hand. "You can't be serious," she said, her lips axing a bitter smile on her face. Regarding Harry's serious expression, her agony-induced smile transitioned to violent sobs. Harry caught her by her elbows when her legs gave out, Malfoy joined them on the cold stone floor that must have frosted his bare legs. All of Pansy's body shook, her wand rolling out of her hand. Malfoy pocketed it, puling Pansy in to a tight hug. "I told you golden Potter doesn't want your death," he blurted, burying his face in Pansy's hair. Her body was tremoring, as she gripped at the blond boy's waist and wept. Harry sat back, his heart still racing, the thought of another death – even if it was Pansy Parkinson – filled him with morbid dread. He clasped his clammy hands around himself, leaning back, resting his head against the wall. It was cold, wonderfully absorbing his surging anger and sadness. When Pansy started to muss about her hair again, letting go of Malfoy, who had stoically moved between her and the edge, Harry got up. His stomach was howling for some food, besides some half-read article he had once seen said that food elevated happiness levels and shit. "Are you hungry?" he asked. "Let's go to the kitchens, I thing we need a midnight hot chocolate and something sickeningly sugary." Pansy looked at him, but reverted her eyes again, her eyes overflowing with tears again. Malfoy stiffly placed a hand on her shoulder, but his eyes were watching Harry. "I think that's a splendid idea," he said. "Hear that, Pans? I just agreed with Harry Potter. Isn't this an eventful day?" Pansy didn't look at them but her head tilted in a short nod. Face still hidden behind her hands, she got up. The Slytherins followed Harry, who marched forward inconspicuously glancing at the Marauders map, which had so conveniently stayed open. The long journey to the kitchens was luckily uneventful, except for when Pansy had met Harry's eyes and collapsed in sobs again. To her credit she was up and walking in ten seconds, wiping her eyes and refusing Malfoy's help. Reaching the big painting that covered the entrance, Harry searched for the giggly pear. After tickling the one, he pulled the door open with a victorious smile, looking to his unlikely companions. Pansy was still sniffling with her arms around her, her eyebrows raised in slight surprise, Malfoy was wearing an unreadable expression. Harry motioned them to enter, but they both stayed in places regarding him suspiciously. Smile turning sour, Harry stomped in to the kitchens first, rolling his eyes. It was dark, but as soon as Harry entered the big room, a house-elf appeared, his eyes drowsy from sleeping. "I'm sorry to disturb you, but we had a situation," Harry said. "Of course, Master Potter, sir. It's no trouble," the elf squeaked, bowing to the ground. "Say what you and your friends need and Finny will have it right away, Master Potter." "Hot chocolate and snacks?" Harry looked back to the two Slytherins standing by the entrance questioningly. Pansy only rubbed her eyes, but Malfoy said something. "What was that?" Harry asked trying to keep the usual edge out of his voice. This was really not the time to pick a fight, besides Malfoy looked devilish – his feet bare, hair wild, eyes darting back to Pansy again and again. "Lemon cake," he repeated. "It's Pans' favourite." "Thank you, Finny," Harry added