Chapter one of my PJO Gelato!AU I haven't written for PJO before, so let me know how I did! :) Hope you enjoy! Kairos Chapter One Working at a New York ice cream shop in the middle of Winter, Percy decides, is a hell of a lot like watching paint dry. It's, well boring , for lack of a better word. No one ever comes into the shop at this time of year—because who really wants to order ice cream when it's negative digits outside and your fingers feel like they're going to freeze and fall off? Not Percy, that's who! Not anyone actually. Well, other than that weird kid—Will or Wallace or whatever his name is—that comes in every day at four o'clock sharp and buys pear and blue cheese gelato—which, eww? Why would anyone want to order freaking pear and blue cheese gelato? That's actually the most disgusting thing he's ever heard of. Percy doesn't even know why they keep that in stock. It's probably that Will—Walt? Walsh?—kid's fault, he's the only one that ever orders the damn stuff. One waffle cone of pear and blue cheese gelato. Without fail. Every. Damn. Day. Pear and blue cheese. Why does that even exist? Who in their right mind thought that would be an okay ice cream flavor? Who seriously sat down and thought that people would enjoy that? Freaking Ben and Jerry that's who. Those assholes . A million god damn flavor combinations they could make and they choose pear and blue fucking cheese. Anyway, yeah. Working at an ice cream shop in the middle of Winter is like watching paint dry, only a lot colder and quite a bit messier thanks to Jason I-fall-down-a-lot Grace and his two left feet. Jason's situation is kind of strange. He's one of the better players on the football team in the fall and he plays soccer in the spring—is the team's captain actually—but as soon as you take him off the field he turns into a baby deer that can't stop tripping over it's too long legs. Kind of like Bambi. Adorable, but kind of a safety hazard. The Jason situation would probably be funny, too, if Percy wasn't the one that had to clean up after him every time he broke something. And the day's been slow. Like, criminally slow. Like, so slow that Percy is getting paid to sit on his ass and watch Netflix on his phone for the majority of his shift. The shop has been open since seven, and since Percy started his shift at noon the only customers have been a couple of high school kids skipping class (they shoved a five in the tip jar when Percy gave them a look, and he wonders if it's morally wrong that his silence can be bought for only five dollars), a clearly exasperated father and his three children, all of which were clearly under the age of ten (Percy gave him an extra scoop of double chunk chocolate and the man's smile seemed to become a little more genuine after that), and a man wearing a banana costume that ordered a banana split and walked away giggling. Sometime between the exhausted dad and the giggly banana man, Travis joined him up front at the counter, texting someone rapidly and grinning like an idiot when they responded. Percy didn't ask who he was talking to. Partly because he really didn't care, and partly because if Travis got arrested for something, Percy couldn't be charged with aiding and abetting a criminal. Recently, Travis begun constructing what looks like a castle made out of cheap plastic ice cream bowls and colorful popsicle sticks, as Percy moved on to some weird nature documentary he needed to watch for his philosophy course. Everything is fine. The shop is quiet, Grover is taking inventory in the back, Percy is actually enjoying a learning experience, and Nico, Jason, and Connor are entering the shop to start their afterschool shift, disappearing into the back to put on their uniforms with greetings ranging in enthusiasm (Connor vaults over the counter and slaps Percy on the back, Jason gives him a wide grin, and Nico just scowls at the classy black vest in his hands as Jason drags the younger boy into the back). The snow has stopped, the birds are chirping, and Percy has made enough tips to pick up a large pizza—maybe even two pizzas—on his way back to the dorms. Life is good. Everything is great. And then Travis Stoll stops making his popsicle stick castle and opens his big mouth. Percy sighs, squeezing his eyes shut as he pauses his documentary and wishes Travis had just kept his mouth shut for once. "Hey, Percy?" he starts casually, fiddling with a purple popsicle stick and acting all too nonchalant. Travis isn't nonchalant. He's the exact opposite of nonchalant. Travis is a prankster and a pickpocket, and the only time he acts casual is when he wants something or something green and gooey is about to explode. Percy side-eyes him, hands clenching just a little bit tighter as Travis begins to pick at his nails. He glances Travis up and down, looking for anything that might give him away. His left leg is jiggling against his stool, practically trembling, rather than bouncing normally. His lips twist down in a grimace. That's not an I've-just-pranked-someone leg jiggle. The I've-just-pranked-someone leg jiggle is less of a jiggle and more or a legs-swinging-in-absolute-glee-as-I-wait-for-someone-to-get-punked. So, he's probably not going to be covered in some strange viscous material, at least, not here at work. That means it's the other thing. Travis wants something, and frankly that's probably worse. At least if Percy's covered in green goo he gets to go home early and skip out on the last half of his shift. If Travis wants something, that means Percy's going to be here for a while. He rolls his eyes as he realizes what Travis wants. The same thing Travis always wants. And Percy isn't falling for it again. "Nope," he tells Travis, not bothering to look at him. He won't be tricked again. He will not be tricked into staying in this ice cream shop all damn night. Not this time. "I don't wanna work the late shit for you again so that you can go fail at flirting with Katie Gardner." The first time Percy met Katie Gardner, he accidentally stepped on one of her newly planted flower beds when he was in a hurry to get to class and she screamed at him for twenty minutes about how it's "people like you that are destroying the environment!" He was too embarrassed to go to class, so he ended up sulking here at the shop until almost midnight because he was afraid she would still be out there. At least he and Katie have worked out their differences and get along now. Travis? Travis is a completely different story. He openly antagonizes Katie. Pranking her and decorating her dorm room flower-box with chocolate bunnies on Easter. Apparently, it's some kind of weird, longstanding rivalry between the two that's been going on since they were only in high school. The way Percy sees it, Travis is kind of like a middle school boy that teases the girl he likes, completely inept, but at least he's trying! Though, Percy doesn't understand why Travis would go out of his way to incur the wrath of Katie Gardner. Travis, he decides, is a masochist. He glances at a sputtering Travis, whose blue eyes have gone wide, his mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water as he stares back at Percy, aghast. "Wha—what?" he sputters, shoving his messy chestnut hair out of his eyes. "Me?" Travis scoffs. "Why would you think I was going to ask something like that? I would never!" He places a hand on his chest, looking at Percy like he'd just offended his grandmother. "Also I am not failing at flirting with Katie!" he tacks on as an afterthought, crossing his arms over his chest. "Yes, you are!" someone shouts from the back, voice muffled by the wall. A second voice snickers in response to the first, but Percy can't tell who. Probably Connor. It's usually Connor Travis gasps, and whirls around on his spinning stool, glaring at the back room. His hand flies up, an accusing finger pointing towards the invisible culprit. "No one asked you, di Angelo!" He spins back around just as quickly, looking at Percy with wide, pleading eyes. Percy doesn't fall for it. He's already shaking his head by the time Travis looks at him. "No," he repeats, setting down his phone and crossing his arms. "You've tricked me into working the late shift for you five times in the past two months," he reminds Travis, glaring at him halfheartedly. "I'm not doing it again!" Travis whistles, laughing lightly. "Five times? Really?" he snickers. Percy's frown deepens as he rolls his eyes. "Yes." Travis's gives him a grin that's more teeth than anything else, and Percy is suddenly reminded of a wolf. A brunette wolf that Percy kind of wants to strangle. "Doesn't that say a little bit more about you than it does about me, though?" Travis asks him, smiling wider. Would he be fired if he just picked up Travis, brought him outside, and tossed him in the dumpster where he belongs? Probably not, actually. Chiron is a pretty cool boss, so Percy could totally get away with it. He could just lie about it, too. Say a strange, masked man swooped in and grabbed Travis before Percy could stop him. The others would back him up. Though, Chiron would definitely be disappointed in him. And if there's one thing Percy hates, it's disappointing the people he cares about. Chiron would be all "you're the manager, Percy" and "you've got to be more responsible, Percy" and "I trusted you, Percy." Well Percy didn't even want to be the manager, so there! He can barely take care of himself, let alone two pickpockets, a golden boy, and a Goth kid that keeps badgering him about a slam poetry night—because, dammit, Nico! This is an ice cream shop! Take your damn slam poetry somewhere else! Percy's glare intensifies. "I'm not working the late shift again," he says firmly. "Go ask someone else." Like Piper. Or Thalia. Or Bianca! You know, the other three people that are supposed to work at Kairos , but are never here . Yeah, those people. Travis huffs, groaning and falling forward onto the counter, reminding Percy of a dying walrus or a beached whale. "Oh, come on, Percy! Please? She's going to say yes to a date this time, I can feel it!" Travis pleads, giving him a pouty look that Percy doesn't trust for a second. The one and only time he trusted that look, he ended up covered in peanut butter and streaking through the streets of Manhattan. Yeah, he's not falling for that again. "That's what you said the last three times!" Travis's forehead thumps against the counter. "But, Percy—" he starts to whine, only be cut off by the front door opening the little bell over the door chiming obnoxiously. A tall figure steps into the shop, covered from head to toe in so much winter gear that Percy is vaguely reminded of a marshmallow. A shivering, six-and-a-half feet tall marshmallow. Travis glances at the figure, disinterested, and finally goes back to messing with his popsicle sticks, going cross-eyed as he tries to balance one precariously on the bridge of his nose. It's not working, of course but it makes for an interesting sight. Percy glances back at the customer, making sure they aren't looking before his arm shoots out and whaps Travis on the side of the head. The popsicle stick flies off his nose and audibly skitters across the floor of the now silent shop, and Travis loses his