Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or New Moon and am not Stephenie Meyer. A/N – The inspiration for this story came out of nowhere and hit me full on in the face. I really don't know why I thought it up – it must be my crazy imagination! Most of the A/N will be on the bottom instead of up here. Now, on with the story! " In the light of the sun, is there anyone? Oh it has begun… Oh dear you look so lost, eyes are red and tears are shed This world you must have crossed, you said…" "Boston" by Augustana Chapter 1 – Beginning Boston - 1840 All I had known was pain. Pain and more pain, crushing down on me like waves of agony, an ocean of cruelty bearing down on my fragile body. I felt the bones snap and reform, my muscles tear and reshape, everything enhancing to a painful level. Nothing was safe anymore, the world was upside down and twisted and it hurt so bad that I never thought I'd get away from it… And then it stopped. My eyes flew open – they had been clenched so tight, trying to offer some kind of relief to that all-encompassing pain. There had been no relief from the pain, however small it might have been, from keeping my eyes squeezed shut. When I let my eyes drift open, I was taken aback by the brightness of the strange room I was in. Where was I, that this place was so bright and open? I could feel wind tugging at my hair, even though it was no more than a soft breeze – there was so much light coming from the opening that I had to turn away. The inside of this place was much dimmer, even though sunlight reflected off the smooth stone surface. It was probably only a few feet deep, but there was something about it that felt ominous. I didn't like this place – so why was I here? That was the question, wasn't it? I didn't know all that much about myself, come to think of it. There was something missing in my mind, some key piece of information that I knew I had to know, that I knew was desperately important. But I couldn't remember it. My fingers ran over my thighs, hoping to find something of use on the clothing that I wore. The heavy dress, with a floor-length skirt and formal top, certainly didn't look like everyday wear. But how was I to know what everyone wore? I could barely remember my own name. Like a shadow of memory, it came to the front of my mind as my hands ran around my back and felt the tight laces of my corset under the gown. Isabella, my mind murmured my name to me, Isabella, Bella, Bella Swan… Me, Bella…it fit, and it seemed right. I supposed I had a good enough memory to be able to remember such things as my own name after that agonizing torture was through. But that didn't help me in the long run, for I wasn't receiving hints about anything else. I looked down at my dress, the dark blue fabric rumpled and wrinkled from what appeared to be days of tossing and turning in the grips of some unimaginable torture. Of course, to me it wasn't unimaginable. I had lived through it. The dress had a high throat; I felt like it was choking me already, somehow. The lace around my neck bothered me; without thinking, I reached up and tore the collar, exposing only the column of my throat to the air. The burn in the back of my throat didn't decrease in the slightest. It scared me that this feeling of gnawing hunger wouldn't leave. Touching my feet, I noted that they were enclosed in old, worn black boots and pushed myself off the ground and to my feet. Then I stopped and stared at my hands, then the ground, before crouching back down. I shoved my skirts out of the way as I leaned forward, observing with incredulity that my hands had left imprints in the stone. Prodding the floor gently with my finger, I noted that it certainly didn't seem soft or squishy – pressing harder, I was terrified to find my finger making a dent in the stone. My jaw opened and I let out a strangled noise of shock – but I couldn't hear it. Even more panicked, I clapped my hands in front of my face. Again, nothing. No sound reached my ears. I brushed my hands over them frantically and tried to make noise, to hear myself, but there was no sound. I could hear nothing. That was what I didn't remember! Despite the panic at discovering that I was…deaf, deaf was the word…I felt my lips spread into a smile. At least I knew what was wrong – I couldn't get a nagging feeling on any other secrets I had managed to hide from myself. But now was not the time; I wiped my smile away quickly as I focused on the handprints in the floor. They weren't supposed to be there; I knew there were other people outside of this strange room, but they mustn't know about this. It was far too abnormal for any human… So what did that make me? I wasn't certain, not in the least. I couldn't be human, because I just knew – knew – that leaving handprints in solid stone was not normal. I knew in the same way that I knew what I was wearing was a dress, clothing, and that I should have been able to make noises from my mouth but couldn't create them and couldn't hear them. Lifting my hand, I looked at it, considering what to do. Then I glanced back at the ground. Hand. Ground. Hand. Reaching forward, I applied pressure and moved my hand over the ground – I erased the obvious handprints, leaving behind a rough spot in the stone. Turning around, I looked out of the strange room, and saw nothing but green. Bright and dark, it was a forest of plant life. So this was a cave, then. The burning in my throat distracted me from the bright sunlight and brilliant forest. What was it that I craved? Why did I want something that would pour down my throat like liquid, but tasted so much sweeter, so much better? I sighed deeply, feeling my lungs fill with air and then release – but it didn't make me feel anything, like taking in air normally would. But I did catch the faintest whiff of something that smelled absolutely incredible. My legs contracted, pulling me into a catlike crouch; with my hands poised on the ground, ready to push off and into prey, I let my eyes lazily drift shut and nosed my way around the air, trying to catch that scent again. In the back of my mind, I realized that this action was entirely too predatory for my liking; I didn't understand what I was doing, and it scared me very badly that I couldn't seem to stop myself. But a part of me longed for that scent – I wanted it badly, and I would have it. It was everywhere. How I could not have smelled it before, I would never understand – but I could now, and I realized that the scent I wanted so badly was all over the cave I was standing in. My eyes shot open as I eagerly looked for what I wanted. It was bright. And on the walls, the ceiling, the floor…the spot I had indented the ground at was clean, but all around, there was bright, sticky something splashed all over, like something was torn and tossed about. A handprint was streaked against the entrance, like someone had tried to escape. In my mind's eye, I saw a pale, slim-fingered hand stretched across the stone before it was violently yanked back, more splashes of blood joining those on the floor. The scene of horror in my mind was utterly silent. There was no noise, nothing to tell me who had been here – no screams to match to other voices – and no evidence of anything foul. No evidence of anything strange, or odd in this cave. And if there was noise, I couldn't hear it. My breathing was coming heavy now, as I glanced around frantically, taking in the small blood splatters that were tracked around the floor. Yes, the cave was completely clean and void of anything unnatural. Except me. With trembling fingers, I stretched my hand up to the side of my face, running my fingers over my forehead, cheeks, chin…my right hand came away dotted with the same dried blood that was stuck to the cavern. My entire body shook as I ran my hands across my face, feeling more blood, before continuing to the upsweep of hair that was coming loose from its elegant hairstyle, held in place underneath a bonnet that was loose and had spots of the dried blood on the outside. The loose strands were knotted with blood, stuck together and dried. A faint memory, a whisper of something, came to mind. I saw words on a note, fire burning bright – but one word in elegant script, of someone that I had to have known, stuck out in my blurred images of memory. My knees felt weak and I sunk to the floor as my hand found a mark on my neck – just slightly different from the rest of my skin, barely noticeable except for the fact that my hands were so sensitive. Indentations spaced like teeth. Exactly like teeth. Vampire. I felt like laughing at the absurdity of it. Vampires couldn't be real – I didn't even remember learning about them and I knew that they couldn't be real. But I looked at my hands, the blood, and the mark on the floor. What if…I lifted my hand to my face and sniffed the dried blood. No, there was no attraction there, was there? I laughed at my silliness, just a dry huff of air that I felt come out of my mouth. My vocal cords weren't vibrating – I couldn't feel the vibrations. So I was deaf and mute, then. But the thirst I could feel raging in my throat was still alive and making me weaken. Against my will, I was soon crouching again, and edging out towards the entrance to the cave. My speed astonished me. I could see everything as clearly as if I was walking, but I could felt the wind whip by at amazing speeds, and could just tell that I was moving far to fast for any animal to see. The birds in flight above my head seemed frozen on air as I sped by. Exhilarating. I loved it, much more than I should – because I as speeding towards something. The scent of it was being carried right into my face on the breeze, and I had little choice but to obey the call and the overwhelming instinct urges to bite something… My body came to an abrupt halt among the trees. I could see a path just beyond the foliage, and walking along as casually as could be were a couple, a man and a woman. The man wore clothes just as nice as mine, and the lady wore a dress incredibly similar to mine in a shade that made something inside me purr in contentment, for it was the same color as the splashes inside the cave. I knew now what it was that I wanted so badly. Blood. I was truly a vampire, then, wasn't I? An undead creature, a monster bent on drinking the blood of human beings: I felt sick to my stomach, but there was no way for me