Author note: Oh gosh, here goes. This is the first ever fan-fic that I've even thought of publishing, so I hope you enjoy it. It's been plotted right up to the end, and the first few chapters have been written, but it's set to be a bit of a behemoth! I surprised myself by just how book-verse this is. I've spent a small age researching timelines, cultures and characters, which I weirdly enjoyed. Saying this, I portray most of the characters in their movie-guise, although the men and elves are taller! The only real exception is Faramir - I've always pictured him with dark hair as he is described by Tolkien. If you don't know her work already, check out the beautiful sketches and paintings by Anke Eissmann. I've included quite a few characters from the books who missed out on movie-stardom too! There will be a couple of occasions where I have lifted small pieces of dialogue straight from the book, but these are few and far between. Obviously I don't own those bits, or indeed any of Tolkien's characters, locations, objects or plot-lines! I do take ownership of my OCs - someone's got to look after them! Reviews are very much appreciated! Happy reading xxx Chapter One - The Siege of Minas Tirith For the second day the dawn brought no light. A darkness from the east was spreading towards Minas Tirith, blocking out the might of the sun. The winged shadows were still making their presence known, as high shrieks were heard from far up in the sky above the plains, sending fear straight to the heart of all below. The might of Mordor was near to overcoming the men of Gondor. All the women and children, apart from the healers, had been ordered to flee the city and make for the south – safer they would be there than trapped in the heart of a city under siege. The feeling of panic was close to the surface amongst all who remained, but in the lower circle of the city, just before the gate, a strange, still moment of quiet was taking place. Faramir, son of Denethor, was riding to his doom. His thin face was set and his grey eyes were stony. His dark hair was hidden by his helmet, although tendrils of it blew around his neck. The conversation he had had with his father echoed through his head as he and his company processed down through the levels of the city. I do not oppose your will, sire. Since you are robbed of Boromir, I will go and do what I can in his stead – if you command it. I do so. Then fare well! But if I should return, think better of me! That depends on the manner of your return. It was a strange procession, understandably, for Faramir and his company were not riding to glory or victory, more an act of desperation. The Riders of Rohan had not yet appeared, and now Gondor's only hope in glory lay in their small remaining bands of men defending the great river Anduin and the fields of the Pelennor. Faramir knew their number was too small against the numbers of the enemy he had witnessed amassing at the Black Gate. He knew that his father, knowingly, had sent him on a fool's mission, most likely to his death. Mithrandir had counselled him not to be bitter and throw his life away, as he was needed. For other things than war , the wizard had said. But Faramir was no coward, and would lead his troops bravely, fighting to his last breath to defend his home. He could not help but wonder if he would feel much fear, much pain, before the end. The small crowd lining the streets were not cheering or rejoicing, and the silence was enough to make even the bravest man nervous. Looking around, one man's face was the same as any other, saddened at the sacrifice their fellow men were making. A small few had allowed tears to show in their eyes, but this show of emotion meant little to Faramir. He did not know them, and he never would. Those who wept for him and his men wept in vain. They should cry for their own fate, not ours , he thought, for their deaths will come soon after mine if I should fail. And they know that that is all I can do. Their tears say as much. The horses went through the city at a slow steady pace, the fear of their masters not affecting their graceful movements. But Faramir did not feel fear at this moment – the time for being afraid had passed. He knew what he had to do, and now he was simply resigned to it. A strange calm was upon him. Some of his men had a flower or token of some sort attached to their armour or held in their hand - gifts of love, of hope, from their loved ones. Mothers, fathers, grandparents, little brothers, sisters, wives, children, all wept for their sons, grandsons, brothers, husbands, fathers. There was no one to weep for Faramir, no tokens of good luck or protection for him to clench tightly in his fist. The highest ranking man among them, he thought bitterly, and yet the most alone. He held the reins of his horse tightly instead, fixing his eyes on the gate at the edge of the city. He concentrated on the sound of his horse, his beloved Celtir, clopping out a regular rhythm on the stone beneath his hooves, but he could not ignore the cries from the guard as they neared the great gate. Steel and iron squeaked as the great doors opened at their command, loud and unwelcome in the silence. The fields of the Pelennor lay before him, green and peaceful. He shuddered as he realised that he would shortly be riding over them perhaps for the last time, unless he was carried back across them as a corpse. He cursed himself for thinking such a thought, but also for being so foolish as to think that his body may be found and brought home. A shallow ditch was no doubt his fate, along with those that followed him - followed him willingly, he knew. He was grateful that he did not have a wife, a family, to worry about as he rode away. At least he was leaving nothing behind. There was no-one after him. The gates seemed to take an age to open as they approached, but eventually the creaking and groaning stopped, and their path lay clear ahead of them, straight across the fields, towards Osgiliath and the river. Beyond that ruined place the mountains of shadow rose, dark and brooding, the sight of them inescapable as they dwarfed the landscape around them. His men surrounding him were trying their best not to appear afraid. Their mouths were set in grim lines, trying to stop their teeth from chattering. He halted his horse and turned to speak to those closest to him. "Look your last at our fair city," he said quietly to them. "Hold this moment in your minds until the end. Remember this place." As he turned back to the open gates something caught his attention – a flash of colour amongst the black cloaks of his men and the old men in the crowd, a few rows back. It stopped him in his tracks. He brought his horse to a halt, almost hypnotised by the rich dark green shade, filled with something he did not expect to feel. Hope. The colour of nature, of renewal, of life, made him remember what it was to have hope. But surely it was too late for hope now? He was about to look away, to turn his face toward the road again, when he realised the wondrous colour was the fabric of a gown, and he had been staring rather too hard at a young woman's body. Tearing his eyes away from the vivid colour, meaning to look to the fields, he looked instead at the girl's face. Afterwards, he could never say why he looked at her, and perhaps things would have been very different if he had not. Unaware that he was doing so, he smiled at her. She was not quite beautiful, he thought, at least not from this angle – her cheeks were a little too broad and her long dark hair more than a bit tangled. Her eyes were large, a deep dark brown. He put her as younger than himself by more than a decade, perhaps just into her twenties. She was quite small, and pale, as if she had just recovered from some illness that had drained her a little. At first sight she appeared frail, but one flash of her eyes and he knew that was not the case – there was a strength in them that shone through her tears. And that was why he smiled – because he knew she was crying for him. He did not know how he knew. It seemed that she was mourning for him as a man, rather than for the distant and untouchable son of the steward. He was comforted a little. She looked as if she was relieved, rather than happy, that he had caught her eye. She did not smile back at him, but nodded, as if in recognition, although he was certain that he had never seen her before in his life. Her mouth was shut, and he could tell she was trying to stop her bottom lip from wobbling. Tears ran silently down her face, but she made no move to wipe them away, and held his gaze with her own. He was conscious that he was still, unmoving, and that the rest of the company had halted behind him, no doubt wondering what the delay was. And yet he found that he could not look away. Her eyes held him there. She mouthed something, but he did not catch it in time. He looked at her questioningly, but she shook her head slightly and looked down. The spell was broken, and he looked away, clicking to Celtir to walk on. The sound of hoof beats as the company moved off again was almost deafening to him after the silence of that strange moment. He did not know who she was, but he suddenly felt an overwhelming sadness at the thought that he would never see her again. Despite her tears, there seemed to be an aura of hope around her, and he knew it would be her face he saw as he rode into battle. He looked back over his shoulder, wanting a last glimpse of her. He half expected her to be gone, vanished away into the air like the dream she had seemed to be, but no, she was still standing there, although a little obscured now by the people in front of her. She was still looking down, and was he imagining it, or was she weeping silently in earnest now, her hand to her mouth to keep in her sobs? He willed her, with all his might, to look up, to look at him. He did not understand why she was crying so much for his sake, but it grieved him, and he wanted to comfort her. He thought about turning back, but knew he could not. Ignoring his second in command calling his name, he remained looking backwards as he passed through the great wooden doors of the gate, through the thick walls of the city. Soon she would be out of sight, and he would be alone again. Look at me , he begged her silently. Look at me. As if she had heard his thoughts, her head snapped up, and her eyes immediately found his. Without knowing why, he raised his hand, a farewell gesture to this