The New Ranger Arrives Christopher Uley arrived in Forks on a rare warm sunny morning after leaving when he was only six years old… he had graduated the forestry academy and when the posting for La Push opened up he requested it and was immediately assigned, it was if it was meant for him. He was ½ White and ½ Quileute but never felt accepted by either people. He walked into the diner and sat down promptly ordering breakfast as he waited for his old childhood best friend, and cousin, Sam to meet him there. He looked at Cora and thanked her as she refilled his coffee. The newly assigned ranger was a tall, rather athletic young man wearing an olive green forestry ranger uniform. Some of the locals muttered about his Indian heritage… the towns Quileute were quick to point out that he was not totally their blood either. His father died when he was six years old… no one ever talked about why… all Chris could remember was that his mother took him far away from the La Push reservation never to talk about his native family again. Sam came in the diner and smiled as he saw his cousin, "It's good to see you again Chris… you look impressive in that forestry uniform." Chris motioned for Sam to have a seat, "It's been a long time, but I recognized you the moment you walked in…" he handed Sam a menu, "breakfast on me… my treat, we have so much to catch up on." "How's your mom," Sam asked? A look of sadness came across the ranger's face, "she died two years ago… I have no family left on Mom's side." He sighed, "So when I graduated top rank from the academy and could request whatever station I wanted, I volunteered for the Forks/La Push ranger station, strange that it just opened up. I was expecting to be the assistant ranger, but the veteran ranger Adams has disappeared. Seems that you guys have a bit of a hard time keeping a ranger over the past couple of years they get attacked by animals or die mysteriously. I thought if I…" Sam interrupted, "no Chris… anywhere but here… go to Olympia or one of the other national parks, there are much better places out there besides this small place." "Sam," Chris said, "the only family I have in the world is my father's people and they are on the La Push reservation… I know my mom said many hurtful things and left on bad terms, but don't judge me because my mom was hurt by Dad's death... she never talked about it." He sighed, "Remember when we were young and became blood brothers…" Sam interrupted him, "many things have changed Chris, I can't explain. You have been gone so long you were not raised within our people. You will be an outsider." "Outsider, half-breed, injun… I've been called it all growing up going to the white schools… I know very well I'm not really white, but I'm not really Quileute either. I just want family… even family that will only half accept my half blood is better than no family at all." Chris was beginning to get flustered a bit… his body temperature seemed to raise a bit… "It's getting hot in here now I think I'm getting a cold or something… perhaps we should dwell on more pleasant thoughts of childhood." Sam nodded, "but consider that there is a lot of dangerous wildlife in these parts… and be safe… that's all I ask." "Always cousin," Chris said, "I've been trained about all manner of wildlife that can be found out in the forest. The two of them share a peaceful breakfast… afterwards Sam went back to promptly inform the tribal council that Chris is back and has no intention of going anywhere… and Chris departs to check into his duty station and settle into his new residence at the park ranger station. Three days later Chris was still feeling quite feverish... but he still had to work, there was no other ranger he was alone. A report of an animal attack killing a vagrant in the woods had gotten the attention of his Captain who sent orders for him to go photograph the attack scene. He double checked how he looked in his uniform as he grabbed the camera. He took a cold bottle of water out of the fridge and went out to the jeep. He put his jacket on at the station but had taken it off by the time he got in the jeep... the weather was cool and he should not feel so hot, did not exactly feel sick strangely he was breaking a sweat. He drove to the scene of the attack and it had already been roped off, the body removed, and investigated by the town's law enforcement. His job was to photograph and find out what kind of animal attacked the vagrant… however all he saw was hundreds of footprints… human footprints everywhere and no animal prints. "Damn," he said as he heard some popping and cracking in the woods only to look up and see Sam, Paul and Jared come through the woods. "So you guys are the ones who have trampled the attack scene. I need to find out what animal attacked the homeless…" He was interrupted by Jared, "this is a matter for our people white-man." Sam shook his head, "Jared, mind your tongue, Chris is family… he's half Quileute give him that much respect." "I am a National Parks Ranger," Chris said, "a federal employee and I am charged with everyone's safety in the woods around here, that includes yours." "You don't know what you are dealing with Mister Ranger," Paul said politely, "you best leave before you…" "Before I what," Chris snapped back. "Boys," Sam said, "we need to show the ranger some more respect." Chris tugged at his collar as it seemed like the temperature had went up thirty degrees and Sam noticed that he was beginning to sweat profusely, "well since my attack scene has been trampled around by your…" he was starting to convulse due to the heat, his vision became extremely blurry. The Cullens were hunting nearby and he was in the presence of his tribe. Sam remembered that his dad was killed in the last vampire conflict… his dad was a wolf, "Are you feeling ok cousin?" "I don't know suddenly I just feel hot and weak," Chris said. Jared looked with wide eye wonder, "No way he's a half-breed." Which got a very dirty look from Sam who had sat Chris down on a log and was removing his uniform shirt. "You are burning up with fever Cousin you are in no shape to be investigating anything…" he said as he pointed to Jared… "Go get Carlisle Cullen and hurry." He said harshly. "You will be alright Chris, you probably have the flu I'm getting you the best doctor out here in these parts." He said as Paul poured some bottled water on Chris's head. Sam was in total denial… it couldn't… he couldn't. "You are my cousin, my childhood best friend who was taken from me. I don't want to see you sick, or hurt." Jared ran off and there was a sound of ripping clothes for a second and the pounding of two feet became four… Chris could hear it so clearly it was strange… he felt an air of electricity and tingling on his skin. It was almost intoxicating he looked at Sam, "maybe I've been drugged." Sam thought it was a logical explanation, "so it seems cousin," he said "at least I hope that is what it is, or a virus or something." Minutes pass by and Carlisle appears as if from nowhere making no sound, "what is wrong Sam," he asked? The final transformation catalyst was the arrival of Carlisle… Chris had returned to his childhood home and was surrounded by the energies of the pack and the vampires since arrival… he seemed to have a small seizure and suddenly his body exploded into a large pony-sized blond wolf with icy blue eyes. He was suddenly aware of so much… and of other people. Jared's voice thundered through his head, "the half-breed is a wolf… what are we going to do about that?" Another voice rang through asking, "a half-breed?" It was Quil Ateara who was puzzled by the statement. "I hear the Ranger was Sam's cousin," Embry Call chimed in from an unknown distance, "he does not know our ways, he is not one of us... what are we gonna do?" Finally the voice of Jacob silenced them all, "folks we will deal with this… Sam told me about him… none of us knew that this was possible… but then again Renesme was not possible either. We need to take him in and teach him our ways… about the pack… and vampires." This time Chris was puzzled, "Vampires," his voice said in his mind in a questioning tone that the rest of the wolves heard? Chris would never know privacy again as all his innermost thoughts are now shared with the pack. Jacob's voice laughed, "yes Vampires…" he said, "Our good doctor is one before you. I'll leave Sam to explain as much as possible to you. Carlisle nodded and waved goodbye disappearing as fast as he appeared. Chris looked around through his wolf's eyes and the wolf whimpered then he turned to look at Sam and saw the most impressive jet black wolf. The black wolf turned his head towards the woods, "come with me cousin… we have much to talk about…" the black wolf walked round him and sniffed him much like a dog would, "even your fur is too light… you would stick out in any fight, but I guess having a park ranger in the pack will help us keep our secrets… you are one of us now like it or not." Chris had a bit of trouble coordinating the four paws but got the hang of it, he followed Sam into the clearing where Sam looked up at the moon and howled… several other wolves began to howl in the background and something within Chris seemed to overwhelm him. He pointed his head up to the sky and howled along with them, for the first time in a long time he felt family… even if the family reluctantly accepted him. Out of the Classroom Two more years. If she could just hold on two more years she would be done with veterinary school and finally able to make some money. Of course most of it would go to paying off her student loans, but at least this phase of her life would be over. Tatiana finger combed her hair into her palm and snapped a clip over the knot. The late May weather was predictably damp with just enough wind to make an actual hairstyle out of the question. Not that it would matter - Tatiana loved her curly hair long but always tied it up. It was more convenient and it wasn't like she had anyone to impress. Not anymore anyway. Just the opposite in fact. She was actively trying to duck any interest from a certain quarter... Professor Matthew Jones had offered her the position as his assistant as part of her work-study. It paid better than working in the bookstore and was a lot more impressive for her resume. Of course it also was a lot more work - namely taking away her entire summer so she could follow him out into the woods to study the alarming (to zoologists at least) decrease in predators and resultant overpopulation of small ground animals. In the publish-or-perish world of professional academics it was a newsworthy story. Tatiana wished she cared more. Or she wished she liked the professor more. Or better yet, that he was a little less...