I'm BAAAAACK!!! And better than ever bitches! This is the new and improved Spring Festival! Read and Enjoy! Review too please! I love happy reviews! -SW 000000000000000000000000000 It had been a silent season beneath the eaves of Lorien, and even in the realm of grace and eternity, one is liable to get bored. The winter had passed, and now the floor of the forest was a glittering gold, the streams a clear blue, and the river Anduin inviting. Indeed there had been no attacks, not since the days of Amroth, and the world echoed with silence and foreboding, but it was far out of reach. And beneath the golden eaves there was no pain or worry, simply life as it always had been for these reclusive elves. The darkness of the world was long out of thought, and in the realm of young elves, young of course being relative, the time was now to have fun. Now was the time to find their life path, before a war forced it upon them. And though the three blessed elves of these days all knew they had a great destiny, they had yet to fully understand it. How they yearned for it, longed to find the calling and follow it to where they would rest one day. But the time had not yet come for such developments, and so they were resigned to seeking out ways to live what was left of their lives. For all knew that any day the world could rise up and plunge into darkness. The three are the children of Elrond, aged 1,864 for the twin sons, and 1, 753 for the only daughter and Evenstar of her people, Arwen. This is young in elf years, they were barely adults, and as such had much youth to expend before becoming the leaders of their people. Arwen, being the most headstrong and lighthearted of her siblings, was the first to arrive at the conclusion that they should take the opportunity to have great fun now, though she wasted little time in informing her brothers. "Elladan, Elrohir, have you not grown weary of these bland days? Do you not long for an adventure, for fun and experience of the world beyond these golden eaves or the dell of our home?" They were traversing the wood of Lorien, flirting with the border but still safely inside its guarded eaves. "Oh, Arwen, you cannot be suggesting we cause more trouble for our parents." Elladan smirked, secretly hoping she was. The twins were great mischief makers, and firmly believed that if they were continually locked up in Lorien or Rivendell, they would never learn and never find what called them away from here. "Of course not. I merely wish to travel somewhere new, find something to fuel our eternity in Middle Earth. I feel trapped, you must understand. I feel like my life is being hindered, as though I will never find something to keep me held fast to this land until I must pass. Please my brothers, release me, give me a reason to live!" At this she threw her arms open and spun around. "Something great will happen to me, something life changing and beautiful. But here, under these perfectly silent trees, it can never happen. Nothing will be set in motion if we do not venture out and wake the world up." She turned her pleading blue eyes to her brothers, who exchanged a look. They needed no words to communicate, and needed no other reason to agree. "But where will we go? Everywhere beyond Lorien or Rivendell is a hazard. The realm of men is unsafe, and the other Elven lands spell death." Elrohir's voice was placating, attempting to reason with his sister. They were all special to Middle Earth, and while she might have been right, their deaths would do little more than kill what little good there would one day be. "We are not much loved by the other peoples, and Thranduil would certainly kill us on sight should we enter his land." "Actually, it is your faces that spell death." A quiet voice said, and a lithe figure dropped down from the trees above. Dressed in the gray raiment of her people, the short Lorien elf-woman smiled calmly at the three. "You see, if you were to travel and no one knew you then you would be safe. It is upon your faces being known that you will be in grave, grave danger." "Hello, dearest Aunt." Elladan greeted, bowing. His siblings followed suit, and she returned the sentiment. "You have a point, but certainly there is no such way." He said and she grinned. This elf-woman, a little thing by any race's standards, was thinking quickly of the many cultures these children did not experience. The men of Gondor, Rangers of Numenor, the Elves of the Havens, Hobbits, men in Rohan and Ithilien, the wizards in Isengard...and many many more. However, she knew in Mirkwood there would soon be a festival that might give these young elves, older than her but still children in the eyes of their world, a chance to see beyond their borders. She is the aunt of these Blessed elves, the adoptive daughter of Galadriel and Celeborn, and the sister of Celebrian and Elrond. Her name is Elemmire, Jewel of the Stars, the guardian of Middle Earth. Some call her Azeriel, Sun Maiden, for her fire-red hair. The siblings tend to tease her for it, for there is no shade quite like it in all of Middle-Earth, but she always laughs and allows it to slide from her mind. She is young by any standards, only 500 at the time of this tale, in 1994 of the Third Age. But with her she carries great knowledge of her own destiny, though she blatantly refuses to acknowledge the greatness of it until the time is at hand. For now she chooses to travel, to live, and to be a silent force in a steadily darkening world. "I believe Elrohir to be right, Elly," Elladan abbreviated her name to the affectionate nickname given to her by her family and dearest friends, "I believe it would be folly no matter how much we yearn to explore. 'Tis been many a year since the times we rode with our Uncle's people." "The orc raids have been diminished, not even goblins dare to come too near our borders." Elrohir's voice was lamenting, full of memory. "It feels a century since we battled, since any adventure came into our path." "My brothers speak true, and ever since the days of my birth, and increasingly since Nimrodel and Amroth vanished I have been trapped here. I need to seek my path, I need to find love and unity, and above all I need to know there is a world to be saved if I am, as my namesake was, destined to give my life for it." Her blue eyes locked on her aunt, who was more like her sister, and she sighed heavily. Elly smiled wearily, for she knew of their pain. She had confined herself here since the King of Lorien, Amroth, and his bride, Nimrodel, had vanished into the mists and never returned nor sent the promised message. Amroth, her king, her friend, and her loving brother, had been the reason she fought. He had been her world and she his heiress; but now she was empty, had been for nearly 13 years since. Before his departure for the Gray Havens he had named her crown Princess, expecting her to take up the crown in his stead. But she could not do such a thing, not when her heart was so devoid of love and feeling. Instead she took up the stance of commander, and allowed her adoptive parents to rule in her stead. "Oh my friends, I know how your hearts ache. Some days it feels as though I will never find the will to go out and save this beautiful world." She picked up a mallorn flower and then smiled as she solidified her previous thoughts. "However, I know of a festival that would give you all the adventure," she looked to the twins, "opportunity for love," she turned to her niece, "and exposure to this world you can desire." The three leaned in to her and she took a seat upon the Earth. They followed suit and fixated their gazes on her. She allowed a bright light into her eyes, eyes like the ever-shifting sea in color. Currently they settled on clear blue and the silver flecks practically glowed with joy. "In a fortnight Mirkwood will host the coming of Ethuil, a festival dedicated to lovers and rebirth. It's based on the legend of Rosriel and her lover Taurebein, two elves that found forbidden love. They were from warring lands and could never be together, but they met one day in a clearing and fell madly in love. At first they didn't know the other was from another land for they wore masks, but once the masks were removed they knew they had to be together. They defied their parents and communicated with secret letters and met where none would find them. Then, one day, Rosriel came to Taurebein and told him she was with child. The two made to leave but before they could, Rosriel's father found her and had Taurebein killed. Rosriel fled in rage, and hurt. It is said she had a little girl, name Erulisse, and shortly after Rosriel died of grief. The little girl vanished, but the warring tribes eventually settled. But it was too late, and her father passed from grief as well." "Amazing." Arwen breathed. "So the festival is to remember this sacrifice, but also to bring love and harmony?" "Essentially, it's really a chance for the elves of Mirkwood to make merry for a week without feeling irresponsible." Elly shrugged and her companions chuckled at her lack of interest in romance. "It will be mostly Mirkwood elves, and a mask festival. The tradition says that if you hide your face and allow your eyes to reveal all, then you will find your true love, just as Rosriel and Taurebein. If we left tomorrow we could make it just in time." Her eyes were bright and excited, a shimmering blue, and the three siblings nodded. "Let us attend this! For certain we can fool a few woodland elves of who we are!" Arwen delighted in this plan and Elly laughed prettily at her. "I will take you, but only with your parents' blessing. I shan't steal you from them and risk my head upon return." She said calmly and they nodded. "What of Celeborn? Certainly he wouldn't risk his daughter to his oldest enemy?" Elrohir asked and she simply nodded. The feud of Thranduil and Celeborn was infamous and the two had never crossed paths since the Second Age. Thranduil made it known that any foreign elf of Celeborn's house in his lands would be killed on sight, though Celeborn had never issued the same to the surprise of almost everyone in Elvendom. Elly, however, was not fearful of Thranduil, though her desire to go into Mirkwood had forever been hesitant at best. "I suspect not, but it was he that told me to go." She said, her gaze finding the glittering waters of the Anduin. "He said that this was it, this was the time to find my heart." Her gaze became a clouded gray, and suddenly she aged a thousand years. "I know not what he means, but there is a pull to Mirkwood and I must follow it. I feel if I do not I will die, pine for something I can't understand. I feel as if love is calling me...I must follow." "Then go we shall!" Elladan said, his eyes, so infinitely older than his aunt's, softening. He knew the call of love, but his was so far away he could never