The 24th Hunger Games. It wasn't anything unusual or frustrating for the members of District 1, however, they were never exactly happy to send their children off to die. It was something Cypress had noticed, over the years before the time of her first reaping. Though named for the black silk, the small girl was actually very pale, and held a sickly look no matter what season she found herself in. Her name was given by her jet-black curls, which had made themselves well-seen at a very young age - very unlike her elder brother Pekins' blond ones. There was a lot of scandal behind the small girls' existence, because of this, but no soul within her district would have the heart to tell her as much, with those big, innocent green eyes staring them down. Not after she would prance through the streets, handing out food to the poor; after she treated their ill pets and baked cookies for their children's' class. No, no one would dare spread the rumors after the girl grew old enough to find such a tender, kind personality. That might have been the cause of the uproar, when the woman they called Peggy drew her name. Cypress Poteert - age fifteen, and had yet to say a word. This would, of course, pose a problem when interview time came around, and no one would be able to say anything besides, "She was always very sweet. Not in her words, but in her actions." because no one had ever grown to know her. As the small girl approached the stage, her calm demeanor seemed unfazed by the people around her; their behavior didn't appear to bother her. It wasn't until Peggy turned - a bit too cheerfully - towards the girl and smiled, that her normally pleasantly opened eyes narrowed into a deadly stare. But even among the wails of apparent anguish, no one volunteered to save her life. They instead, chose to mourn a wonderful child, friend, companion, and peace-keeper - but this didn't upset, or surprise her. She would have never have even dreamed of someone taking her place - it was simply an outrageous thought! When the crowd calmed, the drawing continued. "Well, you must be a popular little gall!" Peggy giggled, as if unbothered by the dirty look Cypress had given her. "Let's continue!" She chimed, reaching into the male tributes bowl. A pang of fear hit the raven-haired girls' heart suddenly as the thought of battling one of her friends popped into her head. She could never even imagine hurting any of the people of District 1, much less one of the boys she had grown to be friends with. Names started speeding through her head, people she knew, their faces staring her down - Wigan, Tulle, Onyx, Toile, Calcite, Citrine, Jasper- "Pekin Poteert!" - her brother. The horror had worn off. Cypress and her eldest brother sat side-by side on the train. He had not attempted to comfort or guilt her, for which she was grateful; she was too busy being tangled up in her own mind - debating the legality of the situation, mostly - to really offer him any of either. It wasn't their choice, or their fault - and yet here they sat. She guessed karma was biting him on the ass for something she was unaware of, but why was she being punished with him? Why was she the one who had to face him in a battle to the death? It was then she looked at him, a deep frown settling onto her face as she examined his every feature - trying to guess his thoughts. His brown eyes were gazing off into the distance though, with the same unemotional glimmer to them. He had yet to say a word - from the moment he took his place next of her on stage it was as if he had decided to mock her silence. The words she wanted so desperately to say would never come - how much she loved him, and how sorry she was this had happened to them. She would never cry on his shoulder and demand an answer as to why. No, those things were beyond her. So she took his hand instead. It was only then he looked at her, with her vision slowly beginning to swim. His face seemed to soften as he squeezed it in his own. He was twice her size, both in height and in width, so when he squeezed there was always a tentative, gentle feel behind it. After all, one squeeze too hard would crush the small extension of her arm. "Don't cry, Cypress." His voice was husky; far too deep for a boy who was barely seventeen. He pulled her close, holding her tightly against his chest and leaning down to her ear. "It'll all be okay," He whispered, though she heard the slight crack of his composure. "It'll all be okay." He repeated, as if trying to reassure himself more than her. This was, of course, when their mentor decided to walk in. The pair was unalarmed, and held their hug a minute longer before pulling apart. "So," The woman was about Cypresses own size, and she immediately knew the face. Her name was Spinel - Victor of the 12th Hunger Games. "This must really suck for you guys." She said it so awkwardly, that Pekin actually laughed. The girls blond hair was long, and had been braided over her left shoulder - leaving the tip of her hair brushing against her knee. She was beautiful, even with the dark scar across her collarbone. Cypress vaguely remembered her teacher showing the clip in which she gained the scar last year before the Hunger Games - when the male tribute from District Five had tried to slit her throat. It was called a miracle that she survived, though the raven-haired girl acknowledged it as a show of skill. "You have no idea." Pekin responded to her attempt at conversation, standing and raising his hand to shake hers. Cypress simply stared for a long moment at the exchange before following his lead, though bowing her head instead of managing any verbal response. "A mute, eh?" Her blue eyes lit up at her joke, though they quickly dimmed as Pekins nodded behind the small girl. "That could be inconvenient when hunting for sponsors, little one." She said it so darkly that Cypress was taken aback, and quickly moved to stand beside her brother, much like a lost puppy. "That's why I want you to present us as a pair." Pekins said dismissively. "She's tiny and friendly - easy to fall in love with. Her lost voice could become an endearing quality if we play it right." He added, wrapping an arm around his siblings' shoulders. Spinel looked impressed, though Cypress couldn't tell if it was at his idea, or the fact she was beginning to look him over. The girl was only twenty-four, but even so she was much too old for her brother as far as she was concerned - and if the girl could speak, she would have been quick to say as much, though in the nicest way possible. "We could do that, I suppose. It would be easy to play on the fact that you're family, too - but it would leave most of the leg-work to you." She pointed out, but the muscular boy seemed unconcerned still. "Nothing new for us." He said, shrugging with a small smile. This comforted his tiny companion; his show of near-normalcy calmed her pain with the situation. "Well," Spinel said casually, changing the subject very suddenly. "You two wouldn't happen to be hungry, would you?" Cypress had never seen so much food in her life; her facial expression seemed to please her brother. Her lightly pink-tinted lips had parted slightly, and her bright emerald eyes had widened, revealing a normally hidden tint of blue along the bottom edge of her right eye. The spread was done in white, with red roses highlighting it; the table was covered in an array of different foods - some so oddly shaped and styled that even between the pair they couldn't put a name to it. The white tablecloth had small red roses along its rim, and when the small girl touched it, she decided it was made of something close to - if not exactly - silk. And the smell was just delicious. The different spices all mingled well with each other, and was just slightly mixed with the roses. Perfect. "As beautiful as it is," Spinel said, clearly amused. "It's for eating - not staring." Cypress took a seat, and her brother sat beside her, gesturing for their mentor to sit across from them as they picked a few fruits off the table. "So. How do we survive in the arena?" He never really bothered beating around the bush, which was a very endearing quality for someone who could ask no questions for themselves. "Luck." Spinel said simply, before biting into a purple-tinted fruit. His face almost immediately became infuriated. "That's bullshit , Spinel!" He said loudly, and the group heard a startled little noise from the corner of the room. Cypress glanced that direction and saw Peggy trying to hide herself from them in a dimmed, secluded corner. They turned back to each other. "No, Pekin, it's the truth." The elder girl replied, leaning back in her chair. "I can't give you much advice, due to the fact the arena changes every year. However, I would suggest getting to water - preferably up a tree or somewhere high up to keep a view of your surroundings. That is, after the Career pack you will be in breaks up." She shrugged, as if it were the simplest thing in the world. "Stick together - since you want to present yourselves as a pair - as long as you can, and make sure you play your love of each other every chance you get for the camera. But I wouldn't push it so much that the other is viewed as a weakness by the other tributes, or they'll be sure to use it against you." Cypress bit into a deliciously flavored meat of some kind, smiling as the unique taste filled her mouth. "Oh - and you probably won't need a fire as badly as you think you will. Try your best not to give away your location." She paused, thinking. "And that's all I can think of right now. So I'm going to take a nap before we get there, if you'll excuse me, but I would suggest you do the same." And then, their lifeline walked out of the room, Leaving them to brood on their impending doom in peace. The Capitol was beautiful. It really was a very pleasantly placed place - with the dramatic mountains around the sides, and the massive buildings. The people were all colorful and so very enthusiastic to see their train. Cypress watched in awe as the cat-ears, green-skins, and rainbow-haired characters waved and screamed in so much excitement she had no choice but to grin and wave back. The enthusiasm spread through her and she began bouncing in an almost childish manner, with a massive smile gracing her lips. When they entered the tunnel, however, was when her brother decided to join her for breakfast. He offered a confused look to her apparent joy, and she covered her mouth, closing her eyes in her normal sign for laughter. "She saw the Capitol." Peggy said, standing from her place in her corner and taking a seat at the table. Once again, the pair had never seen her in the room. "It's only natural she would be excited." Her bright green hair had formed two massive hoops out the side of her head, much different from the elaborate curls she had yesterday. Her outfit consisted of a bright yellow