Desires of the Heart Characters: Thranduil x OC Song: Two Steps From Hell- Meant to Be, Two Steps From Hell- Clair Voyant, and Two Steps From Hell- Heart of Courage Warnings: sexual situations, angst, etc. Rating: M Synopsis: Never before had he seen a beauty such as her, a mere human mortal having taken residence inside the halls of Imladris. Can the icy nature of the High King be thawed or will the bitter cold keep loving warmth from entering? Read the journey of Anolindë and Thranduil as they fall in love and feel the pressure of not only the family of Rivendell but the Woodland Realm. A/N: I know I haven't really worked on my last LOTR fic but I went and saw The Hobbit and absolutely fell in love with Thranduil despite his small involvement in the movie. I can't wait for the next one! Hopefully you'll not only see Thranduil but Legolas as well! Maybe one day I'll get around to making a Legolas fanfiction, what do you think? Anyways, I was thinking of this while listening to the sound "Evenstar" from the Two Towers Soundtrack as well as the other songs listened above~ Also I don't know any elvish of any kind so I'm gonna make all the italics Elvish. I really hope you like this story! Please don't hesitate to tell me something I should fix or even something I should add into the story to make it better~ OH! and another thing! I'm not really sure how Thranduil acts but from what I gathered in the movie he tends to be rather icy but could have a warm heart underneath. If he seems out of character then please don't hesitate to tell him and I can change the chapter/s. Can I just say another thing? The guy who plays Thranduil is SMOKIN'! God he is freaking hot as hell! For anyone who hasn't seen him here's a picture! Go to the link below in photobucket and look at the sexiness! albums/hh497/Tsubasa0123/Thranduil-thranduil-32030158-815-1000_ If this link doesn't show up completely then go to Tsubasa0123's Album and it should be the first one on the page~ Anyways, without further ado, here is the first chapter of Desires of the Heart... Anolindë could feel the sunlight prickling her skin, could taste the morning dew upon her tongue, could hear the sweet melodies of the birds whistling in her ears as she awoke. Golden blond hair cascaded over her pillow as a soft breeze swept through the room, arousing her further. Standing her nightdress crinkled slightly she stepped across the cold ground and towards one opened section of her room, pushing back the satin curtains that hung there. Pure sky blue eyes looked out towards the rising sun that covered the lands of Imladris. The beautiful waterfalls crashed against the rocks, sending rainbows of colors in ever direction. It was peaceful, just how Anolindë liked it. Watching a small flock of birds pass by, she finally turned in order to dress for the day. The white gown lightly graced the floor, the rest plastering against her like a second skin. Adjusting the straps and waist of clothing to her liking, Anolindë soon exited her room and took off down the many halls, passing others along her way. Many elves stopped and stared after her as she quickly made her way around them. It was not an uncommon sight to behold so early in the morning. In fact most had gotten quite used to seeing their adopted princess flying down the halls. Passing the dinning area and up the steps of Imaldris, Anolindë finally came upon her favorite spot. High above the kingdom of her father's, she sat on a protruding ledge overlooking the vastness of her home. The sounds of water lapped at her feet as she took in the pure amazing site of the space surrounding her. For hours she would sit upon this spot, staring off into a world unknown to her. For years she would dream of flying beyond the boarders of the elves. For so long she wished to experience a world that held the most interesting of places, the most interesting of people. Inside her heart a small shard of hope begged for this freedom, but how could she leave the only place she's ever known? How could she leave the only man whose dared to call her his daughter? Not at all noticing the time flashing by it seemed like minutes before a noise alerted Anolindë to the presence of another within her sanction. Turning towards the intruder, she stopped and smiled wide. The man standing not but a few feet away was beautiful by even mortal standards, with long hair as dark as the trunk of an old elk tree and eyes as blue as the sea. The man spread his arms as Anolindë ran into their warmth, feeling every once of love that came with them. " Father ." Lord Elrond chuckled as he wrapped his arms tightly around his adoptive daughter. Every day he had watched her grow and every day he watched as she became a stunningly beautiful woman. Lifting her head, the Lord of Rivendell, stared into her pools of blue as her infectious smile grabbed his own lips. Running a hand over her tender curls, Elrond could not help but wonder where all the years had gone. " What is it?" "I am merely admiring how beautiful my daughter has become." A small blush graced her pale cheeks as she pulled away slightly from her father grip. Once more taking her perch, Anolindë watched the world below her wake. "Come, you should eat." Nodding, the human girl took one more look out into the horizon, her eyes growing dimmer as she thought once more what lied beyond. Noticing his daughter's far awake look, Elrond's smile dropped. How he hated keeping her locked with the boarders of their lands. Ever fiber of his being wanted nothing more then for her to be happy, to know what her true world was like. But like ever father he was too stubborn to let her out of his sight, knowing exactly what could happen to her. His hand gently took encased her's as Anolindë was shaken out of her thoughts. Retreating towards the lower levels of her home, she was lead gently towards breakfast and her awaiting family, who sat patiently for her entrance. All throughout breakfast Anolindë listened the the chatter of her adoptive brothers as they told their tales of hunting trips past. Those two were always making trouble of some kind but they knew their place among the house well and were respected by all. Twins of course would always be some trouble of its own. Arwen sat with their mother listening lightly but also commenting to each other on the side, as Elrond watched on in utter fascination as his son's retelling of events. Anolindë couldn't help but smile. This was her family , despite their differences. Before long breakfast ended and the boys were gone, more then likely showing off their amazing archery skills again. Arwen excused herself to speaking with a man who had recently taking shelter in their home, a ranger from the north. Celebrain kissed Anolindë's head before she too left the room. Elrond watched his daughter as she ate slowly, her mind once again miles away. Standing he too placed a kiss upon her forehead before leaving. In the silence she sat for a while, thoughts drifting from one thing to another, her mind wrapped around actions and consequences. Though she soon dismissed all those ideas from her head before she set out to her special place once more. Before that, she made sure to take a detour and headed towards the library, picking out books of Dwarves and battles past. Even since hearing the tale on The One Ring from her father and his involvement in the war to defeat the evil Sauron, Anolindë was interested in knowing more and more of what happened. Of course she was taught of these battles and their histories but it was one thing to hear about the battles then to read the account form many different points of views. Reaching her safe haven, she sat to read when a noise brought her out of her thoughts. Taking a glance down towards the steps leading out of the city and towards the boarder lands, a group of riders approached, all dressed in colors of the earth. Banners were held high and in front an elven man rode a large elk towards the entrance. From the distance she was at, Anolindë could not see his face but he seemed very important to have traveled with so many in his company. For a few moments longer she watched as her father's figure strode from the halls and towards the elven man up front, who gave a the Lord of Imaldris a traditional elvish greeting. Elrond responded before he lead the stranger up the steps. Behind him a young elf followed as well as the trickster twins. 'Strange' she thought before turning her attention back of the many books that littered around her. Usually her father would have called upon her. Smiling she began her readings, getting adsorbed in the descriptions and the tales of battles as well as the pride among the races. Before too long though, the sun began to set. It was only then that Anolindë realized not only had she missed lunch but also had been reading for hours in the same spot. Stretching her legs, she soon gathered the books she had thankfully finished and made her way back down the steps. There were still too many stories that needed to be read but thankfully she had all the time in the world to do as she pleased. Arriving in the library she failed to realize that there was another among her as she quickly rushed inside and placed each book where it previously belonged. Thranduil felt weary, his shoulders and back tense from the journey. His fingers danced across the spines of each book as his mind drifted into thoughts that even he failed to realize he had. Most were of the past, remembering his late wife's fascination with the books that he had collected over the years. His thoughts deepened to their times together before suddenly the doors to the library were thrown open in haste. The woman that entered took no head to the elven king in the room as she bustled about, placing books here and there. Thranduil stood still, watching her grace as she moved from one end of the room to the other. Was she a servant here? Never before had her seen her face in the many visits that he usually graced Elrond with. Questions rose in his head as he watched the last book slip into place. A smiled spread across her rose red lips as the king watched on in wonder, unaware that another pair of eyes watched them both. Celebrian smiled at the look upon the elven king Thranduil's features. Taking her leave, she left the two wonder now what might transpire. The Lord was in need of something to bring joy into his life and she knew that this would be a wonderful way of allowing Anolindë the freedom she so dreamed. Elrond turned the corner as she exited, an eyebrow raised at her upturned lips of joy. Shaking her head at his silent questions, she merely planted a small kiss upon his lips before turning towards their bedchambers to get ready for the night's celebration. Elrond shook his head at his wife antics and followed her, not knowing that only feet away his adoptive daughter was finally realizing that someone was inside the library. Anolindë turned to exit the library when her eyes caught a flash of blond. It was then that she stopped in her tracks. Standing not but feet