For the Challenges by the Dozen challenge at Caesar's Palace. Level one: write about my OTP. FinnickAnnie AU: Annie is the soon-to-be-betrothed daughter of the Queen, and Finnick is a suitor. She kind of didn't want to admit it, but she was totally bored. The boy in front of her was picture-perfect gorgeous, but he was stumbling over his jokes. She chuckled at the punchline (which wasn't even that funny) and stood, her sea-green dress trailing behind her. She had to try hard not to stumble. It was the time to tell this man, as she had told all the ones before him, that they were not to be married. He knelt down on one knee and she extended a hand to him. "My lady, if you would accept my hand in marriage," he said, taking her hand gently. He laid a kiss with soft lips on the back of her hand and brought his hand to his chest. "I would be honored more than if you gave me the earth." And she felt sorry for him. He would find a wife, but it was not her. But then again, maybe she did want him. . .no, there were other men in the line and she would choose one of them. Not him. She smiled. "As honored as I am, Sir Isaac, I cannot accept." She closed her eyes. There was that face. The face that all the men before him had shown. She closed her eyes, the same feeling of guilt flashing through her. She curtsied as he left the room, his head bowed in shame. She turned around, her dress sweeping the floor as she sat back in her silver throne. She'd asked for it to be silver. She hadn't asked for a throne. Annie didn't like being the center of attention, but she was the daughter of the Queen. She didn't have an option. Annie didn't want to say the next suitor was different, but he was. He just was. For starters, he didn't start off with the "My lady, you are stunning. My lady, you are-" bullshit the rest of them had. He just took his hat off and said, "Lady Annie, your dress is the same color as your eyes." And that made her smile. A real smile. But it was so unfair! He'd said one thing and she was already falling in love with him. But then she remembered what her father said. "What do you know about love? You're hardly sixteen and you've never even touched a boy." She fumed. It wasn't like he'd let her out in the real world, wasn't like she was allowed to look at the servant boys for more than a few seconds. "Just- just pick the right one. Not because he's beautiful or because he can tell you a fact or two about squirrels you didn't know before." So her father didn't know she wasn't obsessed with squirells anymore. "Because he's fit to be a ruler." So she wasn't falling in love. But he'd made her smile! The rest hadn't accomplished that much. But she couldn't help thinking how unfair it was. She ran her tongue over her teeth and smiled an awkward smile. "What's your name?" "Finnick." The syllables danced on her tongue. It was unique. She'd never met a Finnick before. "That's a lovely name. I'm Annie." More smiles from the both of them. "How old are you, Finnick?" He looked . . . about twenty-six. Old for her - he would die before she die and Annie wasn't good at dealing with grief. "Nineteen next month," he said as she pulled her hair back behind her shoulders. How young! At first she thought he was lying, but her father had told her how useless lying was. "Lying is worthless. Won't get you anywhere," he'd said, then took another swig of vodka. Lying would get her somewhere, he'd said. Too pretty to have to tell the truth. And that was the moment she knew he was drunk. The father she knew didn't say things like that. He said things like "you're useless" and "choose right if you don't want your kids to grow up in the slums. She smiled. "This is a question I ask everybody. Why do you want to, um. . ." she cleared her throat. "Marry me. Why do you want to be king?" Some exemplary answers had included "power, of course" and "you're just so damned pretty" and, of course "you'll bear the most beautiful children" with a sick smile. So, right now, he was the best option. A lot of it rode on this question, of course. The "you're just so damned pretty" man had been polite and handsome and sweet and humble until that comment. And the comment about her children-bearing had been from a man who had come in, knelt, and kissed her hand. She was totally considering him until that line. "Your grandmother, as I recall, didn't choose right. Maybe. . .she just didn't have enough options? But the king plunged our country into turmoil it hasn't recovered from. I can help us recover." He pulled out a few maps, and it was then she was glad her father wasn't in the room. She knelt in front of them and glanced at his neat penmanship, articulate letters with serifs and neat little swirls on some of them. They showed recent battles with the Euro armies and the Korea militia force - all losses - and what we could have changed, and. . .they all seemed just so right. Valid. You couldn't go wrong with Finnick. . .damn, what was his last name? What a . . .brilliant answer. Before him, her best choice was a man who had said "you will be a radiant queen and being the king to such a capable queen would be an honor above any other." Which was also a good answer, but it wasn't the same. He hadn't brought maps on how the country could defend better. But Finnick had. "Wow. These are. . .amazing. When did you draw them?" He smiled. "Thank you. I drew some of them-" he held up one with 'Germanica' scrawled across the top of them. "-as they were happening. And others-" he held up one with Korea written in neater letters with serifs. "-years after." Another 'wow' from Annie. These were the things her father was talking about. He was just so diplomatic and smart and funny and. . .cute. Before there was only 'handsome', never 'cute' or anything more than 'attractive'. She'd heard the servant girls gossipping about boys, though, using words ike 'hot' and 'adorable' and other things. But did she want to look at other options? Probably not. She just felt like this was it. This was the boy she wanted to marry. But give him a chance to screw up (she'd never thought about it like that before) - some of the men who answered the "why do you want to be my king?" question had been right on the brink of her calling in her maid to present the two engagement rings. "How are you this fair evening, Lady Annie?" he asked. No one had asked her that in a long time. It made her smile. She loved how he used her name, not just 'my fair lady' or some variant. 'Your highness' was the worst. "I'm doing well. I'm talking to a very. . .cute boy right now and he's making me smile." He laughed. "That's lovely to hear." God damn, was he ever sappy. But it didn't really bother her because he was 'cute'. 'Hot', as the servants would say. Attractive. "How are you this fair evening, Sir Finnick?" she returned. When he told her she wasn't listening. She was staring at him. Nodding, smiling, chuckling when he chuckled. It was so easy to be friendly but none of it really mattered. Not to her. She was here. Right here. Right now, engrossed in his words she never really heard or understood. "So, what do you think?" he said with a smile. "Hmm?" she said. Her face flushed with red embarrassment. Green wasn't the color of embarrassment as her maid had told her when she was a girl - it was red, for the color of your cheeks. Red was also the color of love, and of danger. This was dangerous but maybe it was also love. And it was definitely embarrassment. "Will you marry me, Lady Annie Cresta? It would be an honor." And she wasn't thinking. Not consciously, at least, when she stood up. Her dress brushed against her heels and she extended a hand to him as she had to Isaac. He gently laid his lips on the end of one of her fingers. She smiled, and he smiled back at her. She was thinking even less when she knelt to his level, put her lips to his cheek, and said, "Yes, of course," with a small smile. Her maiden danced in, an expression of euphoria on her face. She presented a ring first to Annie, which she slid onto her finger, and next to Finnick, who inspected it for a moment before easing it onto his ring finger. "By the way, my name is Annabeth," she breathed into his ear. "Sorry," he mumbled back, taking her hand. "There's a reason no one knows that. Because I hate it," she said, linking his arm in hers. For a long while, they thought fate was what brought them together, but after that, they knew it was just love. And embarrassment. And maybe a little bit of danger. xx She cried giving birth to their daughter, digging her fingers into the sheets of her bed, leaving marks of her nails on Finnick's arm. Her maid had told her not to let him watch, that a husband was not supposed to see such things, but she'd been holding back screams already and just wanted him by her side. Finnick had wanted it to be a boy but was pretty sure it wasn't, and Annie was the complete opposite. Annie's nurse was telling her to take slow breaths, deep breaths that would make her feel a million times better. "It's not helping," she said through clenched teeth. She felt so vulnerable with her legs spread and her nightgown pulled up to her hips, but she always felt so vulnerable - in the carriage with the blacked-out window shades on rides through the city, when she stood in the general store, her maid brandishing a knife. It wasn't easy to be an almost-Queen (but she'd been a real queen for nine months now). She hadn't felt vulnerable during the conception of the damn thing now ripping her apart - Finnick had made her feel safe. Finnick always made her feel safe, and it wasn't just her. Nights when her little sister was alone in her chamber, he would wait at the door sometimes and tell her everything was going to be okay. He was everybody's sanity rock, Annie thought sometimes. Annie held her child to her chest a few moments later, still reeling from screams, tears still staining her cheeks, the nail marks in Finnick's arm still fresh. They both chuckled about how the gunk (the nurse had called it some sort of fluid) dirtied her gown. "Let's name her Amber," one of them said (they didn't remember which afterword and decided they didn't really care). "I like Elizabeth better," the other said, and they both laughed. Annie sniffled and looked at the little thing. Its eyes were squeezed shut and it was crying a little bit. "That means it can breathe," the nurse said, still knelt in front of the bed. "Name her Caroline. After Finnick's sister," said Annie's little sister, now almost thirteen. "Come on now, love," said her maid, ushering her down the corridor. "Such things aren't meant for young eyes." "Let's," Finnick said, nestling the baby's