A/N: Hello there! And welcome to my story. First off, I'd like to acknowledge a few people for inspiring me with ideas, the first off being Senator of Sorcery for their story For In Dreams where I got the idea for having an alcoholic Vernon and the removal of Harry, Dudley and Petunia from Privet Drive. Second, to Oracle2Phoenix for their story My Brother! For the inspiration of Harry having a sister. These two authors had these two ideas first and I acknowledge their input into my writing. Second, I would like to acknowledge the artwork for the story being the work of the amazing Jim Kay, who illustrated the first two HP books. Lastly, all rights and privileges of this amazing world belong, and rightfully so, to J.K.R, cheers to you J.K. for giving us a world to dream of. Thank you for taking the time to read, please feel free to review, all criticisms welcome, however downright malicious attacks will be ignored. Thank you once again, enjoy! Duddikins, Letters, and the flight from Privet Drive: Chapter one Once there lived a boy. This boy had unruly black hair and piercing deep green eyes. On his face, he wore a pair of broken old glasses which barely allowed him to see. This boy had a little sister, with blazing auburn hair and loving warm chocolate eyes. Her face perfectly sculpted with every part of her fitting just right. Their names...were Harry James Potter, and Madeline-Rose Lily Potter. Unbeknownst to these two young children, as they slept underneath a flight of stairs, that a world unknown to them would celebrate their names until the last days of Earth. "Harry! Madeline! Time to get up!" Unfortunately for these two young children, their family didn't quite think of them the same way as the rest of the world. Harry and Rose Potter are orphans you see, and their only living family that they knew of happened to be their 'lovely' Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon Dursley and their cousin Dudley. Petunia, ever the gossip, had a face which looked quite like a horse, but don't let her hear you say that. Her hair, a light brown, fell in curls around her face as the rest of it was pinned high on her face. Her husband, Vernon, was a rather large man, with a face like a walrus and a moustache to suite. Atop his head sat a mop of greying blonde hair. Unfortunately for everyone, Vernon had picked up more than just his build from his father, he had seemed to have picked up his sense, or rather lack of sense, in regards to alcohol. Spending most nights at the pub with his work mates, Vernon rarely got home before midnight, and sometimes wouldn't even come home till breakfast time, reeking of alcohol and only just sober. Lastly, there was Dudley, the podgy, younger, blonder image of his father, truly a Dursley if there ever was one. Unfortunately for Harry and Rose, these three individuals had been their family for the last 10 years of their life. You see, their parents had died in a car crash when they were quite young, leaving Harry with a peculiar looking lightning bolt scar. Now the two lived in utter poverty, doing chores all day and barely eating morsels each night, if they got anything at all. But even with all this, the two siblings managed to love one another, using each-others presence as a means to survive the daily grind. Harry slowly opened his eyes, rubbing the sleep from out of them before rolling over to wake his little sister up. Rose slept there, tiny compared to him. He smiled as he took in her sleeping state, glad that she was safe here with him, and that at least they got some time to be together before they embraced another day with the Dursleys. "Rose, it's time to get up" Harry softly nudged his little sister awake as he turned on the light in their tiny, dingy cupboard under the stairs. "Mmm, five more minutes, I swear I'll be up" Unfortunately for the both of them, Rose was not a morning person. "Rose we have to get up, it's Dudley's birthday, and you know how they get when everything isn't perfect for their little Duddikins". Rose slowly opened her chocolate brown eyes to meet her brothers deep emerald eyes. "Morning Harry, has it really been a year since the elephant had his last feast". Harry chuckled lightly at his sister's comment. "Yeah, afraid so, come on, don't want to make Duddikins wait any longer". The two siblings slowly got up out of their cupboard, sharing a kiss on each-others cheeks as they did every morning. Walking into the kitchen they spied Dudley's overtly large pile of presents and the scent of burning bacon in the air. "Hurry up you two! Get breakfast going, Madeline! Go get the mail!" Shouted Aunt Petunia as she thrusted a pair of cooking tongs into Harry's hands. Perturbed by his aunt's shouting, Harry set about trying to salvage breakfast as Rose went to get the mail, sending Harry a comforting warm smile, letting him know that everything would be okay. Meanwhile, Dudley Looked up from his plate of early morning birthday cake, mouth full to the brim. He looked up at his mother, shovelling another large piece into his mouth before asking. "Mummy, where's daddy?" as he spoke, pieces of cake fell onto the table to keep their brethren company. Petunia turned to him with a pale face and looked him in the eye before stating "I'm afraid daddy hasn't come home yet Duddikins, he said he'd be here though so don't worry". Just as Petunia finished her sentence the front door slammed open and shut as Vernon Dursley walked into the kitchen reeking of alcohol, dragging Rose along with him from the front door. "Woman! That breakfast better be ready! BOY! WHERE'S MY COFFEE!". Roughly shoving Rose off towards Harry, Vernon plumped himself next to Dudley and ruffled his son's hair. "Happy Birthday Duddikins! Enjoying that cake?". Dudley turned to look at his father, rather sheepish as he responded to his intoxicated father, "yes dad, but Harry is taking too long with breakfast!". Harry glared at Dudley as Vernon got up and roughly cuffed Harry behind the head. "Hurry up with breakfast boy! And you, Girl! Did you get the mail!?" Rose looked up to Vernon cautiously before answering him, "Yes Uncle Vernon, the mails on the table for you". Rose quietly went over to help Harry with breakfast as Vernon started to sift through the mail. Rose got closer to her brother before whispering into his ear, "There's a letter for you in the cupboard for afterwards, don't say anything". Harry shot her a puzzled but thankful look as Rose started to dish up breakfast for the Dursleys. "Dad, are we going to the Zoo today?" Dudley asked his father out of the blue. Vernon looked up from his morning paper to look at his son, "No Dudley, 'fraid I've got a terrible headache, how about I take you tomorrow?" "But I wanted to go today! Take me today dad!" In a split-second Vernon cuffed his own son around the head, "I said no Dudley, now eat your cake and shut it!" Petunia merely looked on as her son quietly ate his cake in silence. Breakfast was fairly subverted after Vernon's violence on Dudley, and before long Rose and Harry were back in their cupboard waiting to be ordered around for the day. This gave Harry a chance to read the letter that had come for him. Rose passed him the letter before crawling up next to him so she could look on and read along with him. Looking at the letter, Harry noted that it was very precise in its addressing, Mr H. Potter The Cupboard under the stairs 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey Harry took a look at the back and noticed the emblem on the back, 'Hogwarts'. "Well open it up Harry! Let's see whose it from!" Harry looked at the letter once again and slowly opened it up and read it to Rose slowly. HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Along with the letter came a long list of supplies and books, including all sorts of odd equipment, such as cauldrons, a wand, spell books, and an assortment of 'potions' supplies. Harry stared at the letter in disbelief, wondering if this was all a dream or just some sort of joke, or if it was actually real. Rose stared at her brother in disbelief before taking the letter from Harry, looking it over herself. "Harry, this can't be real, can it?" Harry stared at his sister for a bit before finally speaking. "I have no idea Rose, maybe we should as Aunt Petunia, she might know something." Deciding that asking Petunia was the right thing to do they agreed to ask her at dinner when they knew that Vernon would be too busy drinking his whiskey at the television to be paying any attention to them. Before they knew it, Petunia had them out of their 'room' and set about doing tasks for the day. Harry was tasked with mowing the lawn, tending the flowers out front, painting the front fence with a fresh coat of paint, and lastly sorting out the garden shed so that Dudley could put whatever garden toys he received inside. Rose on the other hand was tasked with keeping Dudley satisfied food wise, bringing fresh pieces of cake and making him a spectacular birthday lunch and dinner, as well as cleaning Dudley's room in order to safely fit any and all new toys that Dudley received today. Working in the summer sun took a toll on Harry, and Rose made sure to keep him well hydrated throughout the day, bringing fresh lemonade and even some biscuits as he worked on through the day. Before long it was dinner time, and Harry had come in to help Rose with the dinner preparations. They sat there in subdued silence as they went about diligently to create a fine meal for their 'loving' cousin and family. They silently dished up the meal and set it about the table, only being allowed a tiny portion of their own cooking and having to sit at the other end of the table, far away from Dudley and his father. Vernon mainly waffled on about drill bits and how the Germans and French were trying to wrestle in on the competition here in England. He made some rather derogatory comments towards the two nations, stating that one was a coward and the other was a fascist dictatorship still. As dinner came to a close, Rose and Harry went about finishing up washing the dishes, waiting for their opportunity to ask their aunt about the letter they had received. Eventually, Vernon retreated to the sitting room with a rather large glass of whiskey and sat there watching some comedy which aired nightly. It was Harry who brought it up, looking at his sister for approval before finally managing the courage to speak up. "Aunt Petunia, do you know what Hogwarts is? I got a letter from them this morning saying I have a place there." Petunia visibly paled at the name, quickly checking that Vernon was in the room. Unfortunately for Harry, his uncle had rather good sense hearing when it came to certain words, and Hogwarts appeared to be one of them. Before