A/N welcome to my new story. When I write I set out to write a story I would enjoy reading, something a little different. Although I read a lot of Twilight fan fiction this is my first attempt at writing any. I would also like to mention I've never read the books, only fanfic and have no intention of doing anything but loosely basing this story around them. My vampires behave like adults and this will carry a very strong M rating throughout, especially in later chapters. For readers joining me from other fandoms I can assure that no Twilight knowledge is required to enjoy the story as my characters are just that, my characters and unique to this story. Update to BiH coming soon. This is a femslash story so don't like, don't read. You have been duly warned. Pairings will initially be Bella/Alice but the main focus of the story will be Bella/Rose then Bella/Rose/Victoria with the Denali sisters featuring strongly in the story. When reading this you can assume that Bella and Edward's relationship continued uninterrupted by James and the Cullen's never left her. Bella and Edward dated uneventfully until the events in this story begin. The first chapter briefly summaries preceding events but not a lot of history is required. The first 2-3 chapters serve as an intro until we reach the main body of the story. I have most of this story written so will update as regularly as possible but posts will probably slow down a bit in the future as this is not my only ongoing fiction but be assured I never leave stories unfinished. I own nothing except the plot. Reviews and comments highly appreciated. P.S. Sorry to anyone who got the error'd upload! xxxxxxx "Bella's - different ." Alice flopped down next to Rosalie who had been reading one of her auto magazines. "Yes, but it's not a bad different. I mean, she couldn't have been any worse," the blonde sniffed dismissively at the thought of Bella before she'd been turned. Pathetic was the word she used to describe her brother's wife, snivelling and weak also crossed her mind when thinking about the brunette. "And seriously, you're noticing this now ?" The pixie's flair for understatement was amazing. "Edward's not happy," Alice sighed and Rosalie dropped her magazine to pay more attention to her sister. "Edward doesn't control Bella, especially not now, " she growled in defence of the brunette. "No, but they're married and Bella is really upsetting him." Alice defended her brother causing Rosalie to snort. "Tough, he's a controlling ass that picked a weak girl and bullied her into marrying him before she was ready." Rosalie had never hidden her opinion of the events that led to Bella becoming a vampire. She commented on the fact whenever she saw the couple together, she'd even tried talking to Bella about it but the young girl was too besotted with the ideal of her brother to see his faults. Faults that were now causing friction between the couple. Well, ' friction' was a gross understatement. Bella's change had been different to say the least. She had agreed to be changed after the Volturi had threatened their coven with annihilation if she was left human any longer. Their family had been discovered to be friends with the human on a tip off from a nomad they had encountered but chased off their territory. As revenge the nomad, Riley, had called the Volturi, the ruling vampire coven, with details of the crime and that had initiated a visit from their leader, Aro. As Aro had sensed Bella's latent power, a strong mental shield, and the fact that Bella was already wanting to be changed he had spared them all on the condition that she was changed within the year. Edward had refused, the stupid boy not realising the seriousness of the situation, so Alice had promised to change Bella once she hit her 20th birthday. Rosalie had not agreed with the decision but to protest would have been idiotic, you can't argue with the Volturi. She would rather have Bella a vampire than dead and refusing to turn her would have ended in the deaths of their entire coven and that was not on her to do list. What irked Rosalie even more was that Edward had persuaded Bella to marry him while she retained her humanity, although she had ended up being changed a few days later, Edward's refusal to consummate their relationship until she had been turned had influenced Bella's decision. But, as Alice had said, Bella was different now. It had been only a few days since Bella had been turned and a lot had changed. Although Alice had pledged to change Bella, Edward had insisted on doing it. Bella had agreed and Edward had begun training with Carlisle, the coven leader and father figure. He was also a doctor and had faultless control over his bloodlust. The date had been set and Bella had visited her father, Charlie, for the last time as a human and had told him that she would be studying abroad for the next year. Charlie had accepted her lie but hadn't challenged it, rationalising her decision with the fact that she was a grown woman now and could do what she pleased. Everything had gone as planned, in the beginning. The first sign that anything had been wrong was when Carlisle had called for help. The whole family had rushed to the new couple's room where Carlisle was restraining Edward who's eyes were pitch black and was fighting to re-enter the room Carlisle had wrestled him from. "Jasper, Emmett, take Edward away from here." He ordered as the vampire in question struggled in his arms. The men grabbed their brother and hauled him away from the bedroom doorway. "Bella? What did he do?" Alice cried, her eyes darkening as she picked up the scent of blood in the air. She wasn't the only one to be affected, Esme and Rose had joined them and were also struggling to control their instincts. Esme had stopped breathing and Rose was willing her aching fangs to retreat but neither wanted to leave, they needed to know what was going on. "He couldn't do it, his control was too weak." Carlisle confirmed. "I'll have to finish the transformation." He stated abruptly and made to enter the room where Bella lay. "No! Let me do it?" Everyone looked shocked at the suggestion from their smallest member. "She would want me to do it," Alice explained and the statement was true. Bella was closer to Alice than anyone else in the coven. "Are you sure?" Carlisle questioned, doubting whether his daughter had the necessary control. Alice nodded and she took a deep breath, looking up at her father with eyes that had returned to their normal gold. Carlisle looked shocked but impressed by the demonstration and nodded. "But I insist on staying with you," Alice agreed to her father's conditions with a nod and they entered the room. "Please stay here, in case we need you," he urged his wife and other daughter as they stood in the hallway and received nods of acknowledgement. Alice entered the room and immediately held her breath, Bella was lying on the bed and blood was smeared on her neck and cheek, her dark hair in disarray on the pillow that was supporting her head. "Is she Ok?" Alice asked, shooting the blonde vampire a worried glance as she took in the sight of all that blood, it seemed a lot to the pixie. Edward had made a mess, that much was very obvious. "She's Ok, but currently suffering from extreme blood loss but not yet enough for her body to shut down. You need to take enough blood to cause near heart failure and then inject your venom into her. I would suggest biting her above her heart, wrists and the main artery in her legs, your best option would be her inner thigh." Carlisle explained clinically. Alice's eyes widened at that but she didn't comment, just moved swiftly towards the bed where her friend lay. Alice hesitated as she approached, now wondering if she was actually capable of going through with this. The scent of blood was almost overwhelming her senses, her beast was trying to break through and she hadn't even tasted any yet. "Go on, you need to be quick now," Carlisle urged and she sat next to her friend, carefully pulling Bella's unconscious body onto her lap. Without further delay Alice bent and sank her teeth into the soft, warm flesh, making a fresh wound on Bella's neck. As the blood pumped somewhat sluggishly into her mouth she groaned, pleasure coursing through every fibre of her being as she tasted human blood for the first time in many decades. " Alice! " Her father cautioned her but she kept drinking, it had been so long since she'd tasted human blood and it was doing things to her. What had not been discussed with Bella, because Edward forbade it, was that feeding on humans was akin to a sexual experience for a vampire and often the human they were draining. That, coupled with the fact it was Bella she was feeding on was flooding her body with unfamiliar but addictive sensations. Sensations so strong she almost missed the stutter of her victims heart began to falter. " Stop! " Alice pulled back almost before Carlisle spoke, she didn't know how she did it but she did. Carlisle looked on proudly as his daughter looked back at him with dark eyes and a blood smeared mouth. "Bite her," he urged, "quickly!" Alice, still dazed, took a moment to register his words but seemed to shake herself and bent back to Bella's body to administer her venom. She only paused when she came to push up the nightgown the girl was wearing and scented the latent arousal, Alice growled at the scent and only a spasm of Bella's body recalled her to her task. Still lost in the blood and arousal Alice continued her task, relishing the feeling of the soft flesh in her mouth as she marked the human, claiming her. When she had finished her instincts had her laying out on the bed next to her friend, holding her protectively, growling when Carlisle approached. "It's Ok Alice, I won't take her from you." The younger vampire snarled but allowed Carlisle to check Bella's pulse, or lack of one as her heart had now stopped beating, she was dead. "Now, we wait," her father spoke softly and Alice curled her body around the larger girl as they lay together. "You can stay with her as long as you like, you did well. I'm proud of you." He smiled down at the small vampire and went into the hallway to speak to the rest of the family. "It's done," he stated softly, knowing that his words were redundant as it was likely that the whole household had been privy to their conversation. "Edward?" He questioned of his wife who was hovering near the doorway to Bella and Edward's room, desperate to check on her daughters. "Still out," Esme informed him worriedly, a frown marring the matriarch's features. "I had no idea he'd react so badly, Rose went out to check on them and he's better but the boys took him hunting." Rosalie was silent as she watched the conversation. "Let me clean up the blood and then you can come in and see her," he reassured his wife who nodded, going to link arms with her blonde daughter to wait for his go-ahead. Rosalie just watched the proceedings until her father exited the room, Rose's admiration for her sister had drastically increased as the petite vampire had exhibited supreme control and had not harmed Bella. "You can go in but don't try and touch Bella," he warned. "Alice - , Alice