Miscalculations and Happy Accidents Edward is that guy. You know, the one you just don't bother with, don't even consider. For starters, he's ridiculously good looking and he knows it. I swear, girls line up to impale themselves on his dick. To make it worse, he's really smart. Like to an annoying degree. Edward is a Trivial Pursuit master, which I suspect is due to him cheating. There's just no way anyone knows that much about micro-biology and old 70's sitcoms. Smug fucker loves to show off, too. He's got an opinion on everything and has to share it, whether you're interested in hearing it or not. The topper is, he's a spoiled rich kid - a pair of his jeans cost more than my truck. Edward is the kind of guy that girls dream about. Not me. Not even close. I'm not the kind of girl that ends up with guys like Edward Cullen. All that aside, he's my ex's brother and he hates my guts. Not that he doesn't have a good reason to. I've been a twat to him, pretty much since we first met. Hey, some guys are just asking for it. Emmett and I had been messing around for a few months, when he invited me over to his parents' place to party. I was still stupid horny for him and looked for any excuse to get on top of him. Visiting him meant confirmed sex for me, so I was there. He told me he had the run of the house while his parents were in Europe. Sometimes it's just so bizarre to me that I even know the Cullens. I grew up in a double-wide trailer and they have a three-story five bedroom mansion. Emmett always teased me when I would get uncomfortable with the way they throw around money. By "uncomfortable," I mean bitchy. He thought it was cute, which just increased my bitchiness. By the time I arrived at the Cullens, everyone was already pretty trashed. Jasper and Emmett were wrestling on the floor like a bunch of goons, and Alice was passed out in her room, which left me sitting with Edward. We were doing shots of Patron while he blathered on about Chinatown, his favorite movie, and his hero god, Roman Polanski. I was drunk and annoyed that Emmett was more interested in putting his sister's boyfriend in a head lock than having sex with me, so I took it out on Edward. I made an off-hand comment about Polanski being a no-talent pedo, which pretty much shit on his happy fanboy parade. Whatever, it's not like he hasn't got a million brainless girls dying to agree with his atrocious taste in movies. Alright, I'll admit that Chinatown is actually a really good movie, but it will forever be tainted for me. Being distraught over your wife's brutal murder is no excuse to fuck a minor. I don't care if you're the second coming to modern cinema. Edward was at least smart enough not to argue with me, he just picked up his drink and went to sit in front of the TV. He sulked like that for the rest of the night until he passed out. Emmett and Jasper finally got bored with beating the shit out each other and we started cleaning up. I was really buzzed and still pissed about Edward giving me the cold shoulder, even if I deserved it. I'm a bitch, but I did have a point. He didn't need to get all fucking butt-hurt over it. So, in my impaired state of mind, I thought it would be hilarious to give Edward an emo makeover. Of course Emmett was all for it and played interference with Jasper while it pulled out my makeup. When I finished, Emmett was laughing so hard he was bent over double, tears in his eyes. Even Jasper was smirking, though he warned me that he thought I went too far. I just shrugged and dragged Emmett up to his room. We woke up the next morning to the sound of Alice's hysterical laughter and Edward swearing loud enough to wake the dead. Emmett and I just looked at each other and laughed. Ever since then, Edward had some kind of vendetta against me. He always had a smart-ass remark, or a thinly veiled insult tailor-made to piss me off and he always had to argue every point with me. I thought it would stop when Emmett and I broke up, but of course Alice had her hooks in me by then. It's like Jasper says, "Once you're a Cullen, even an honorary one, it's for life." He was right, nothing slips by Alice. I still get dragged to family picnics, birthdays, and anniversary parties. She even arranged an elaborate surprise birthday party for me this year that I really could have lived without. I love Alice, but she takes this whole family inclusion thing a little too seriously sometimes. At least Emmett and I had a good break-up, a first for me. We were really more like fuck buddies anyway. Most of our "dates" consisted of drinking, watching sports, and fucking, so who needs fancy titles like boyfriend/girlfriend? It was a blast while it lasted, but once he met Rose, it was over. Still, I love hanging out with the Cullens. They're a hilarious, crazy bunch. Even Sullen Cullen, as I liked to call Edward, can be good from a laugh or two. So, with all this shit between us, the last place I thought I'd ever be was in the back of Edward's Volvo. Who the hell drives a fucking Volvo? It's my birthday, and I'm single, big fucking surprise. The Cullens, Alice specifically, were trying their best to cheer me up with a party. I decide to salve the pain of not having gotten any in an embarrassing long time by doing shots with Emmett and Rose. A disturbing amount of alcohol consumption later, I'm hanging off the bar as I try to convince them to take me home with them. Rose just laughs at me, bitch, and tells me I would hurt myself trying to keep up with them. Damn tease! After they leave, I move to sit next to Jasper and steal sips of his mint julep. He's the only straight man I know that drinks that shit. "Leah, you need to ease up before you end up under the table." Jasper gives me a worried smile and bumps my shoulder with his. I smile. It's hard for me to ever be in a bad mood with that tall drink of Texas charm around. It's kind of spooky, when I think about it. As the night wears on, Alice starts to look tired and gets this weird guilty look as she and Jasper announce they're heading out. She's doing that little hemming and hawing thing she does when she has bad news for me. I try to give her a pissy look, but I'm too drunk to raise my eyebrow properly. Jasper's behind her, looking like he's going to bust up laughing. "Sspit it out Alish," I slur and realize I'm drunker than I thought I was, then I wonder if "drunker" is a real word. I start to giggle, cause it sounds funny in my head. Alice starts to talk again and I realize she's still there. Whoopsie! "I rode with Jasper, on his bike," she gives me a weak smile as she holds up her pink Hello Kitty helmet. I just nod, not understanding. She has a girl boner for Jaz's bike. I know this because she rides with him every chance she gets. "So, I asked Edward to give you a ride home," she says in that high-pitched whine she gets when she's feeling guilty. I think my eyes actually pop out of my skull, as I stand up to protest and nearly fall over. Strong hands grab hold of my shoulders, holding me steady, and I turn my head a little too fast. I'm suddenly face-to-face with Edward fucking Cullen. He's giving me that trademark smug ass grin of his and I'm doing my best to scowl at him. "Sullen Cullen's my DD? I thought we were friends, Alice," I whine, and hate myself a little for it. Edward laughs and Alice starts to apologize more. "Alice, just go and let me take care of the cry-cry girl," Edward says with a groan and a wave of his hand. Jasper drags Alice out of the bar, as she continues to apologize, and I'm left alone with the biggest asshole in the bar. "So, you want a cup of coffee or a greasy burger with a Band-Aid in it?" he asks with a big ole' grin, wiping away every smart ass comment I was thinking up with that disgusting mental picture. I cover my mouth, fighting off the waves of nausea. "Coffee it is." The fucker laughs as he waves at the waitress. Bastard knows my weakness, and shuts me up quick. I am so easily grossed out when I'm drunk. Fuck! We sit here, while I sip my coffee and try to ignore the weird ass look he's giving me. "How do you like twenty-five so far?" he asks, eye-balling me like he knows some joke that I don't. As my head starts to clear slightly, I look at him a little closer and realize he's serious. I shrug and take a sip of my coffee as I think about the day. Dad called really fucking early to brag about Seth's grades and update me on all the Rez gossip. I got the day off from work, so Jake picked me up and treated me to dinner at our favorite Mexican place. Then, I got drunk for free off my favorite dysfunctional Brady Bunch. "Not bad," I say, and he gives me that same look that I don't understand. He's so weird sometimes. I don't like regular conversation with Edward, it feels... odd. I prefer the cold, soulless asshole that I know and love to hate. "With one exception." I give him a pissy look as I stand up and pull some crumpled bills out of my pocket to throw down. He grabs my hand, takes the money and slowly slides it into my pocket. My jeans are tight and they're these weird designer ones that Alice gave me. The pockets are right up front, on either side of the zipper. I feel Edward's hand graze over me, as he pulls his hand out of my pocket. I'm suddenly wet, and pissed the fuck off. My shock and anger must be showing on my face, because the son of a bitch is smiling, like he knows he just touched my pussy. "Don't insult me, Clearwater. I think I can manage to buy you a cup of coffee for your birthday," he says as he throws down his own money. He stretches his arms above his head and the motion pulls up his t-shirt, lifting the hem above the top of his jeans. The action catches my eye. There's a light smattering of dark hair just below his belly button, that continues down to disappear beneath the waistband of his jeans. I immediately cringe and look away. I don't need to be thinking about Emmett's baby brother like this. Sure, I'm only a year older than him, but it's just weird. "You ready?" he asks with a smirk and I nod, wondering if he noticed me eying his treasure trail. "Sure thing, lead the way to your douche-mobile," I sigh and inwardly cheer as I see his smile dissolve into a frown. Edward's always been sensitive about his car. His parents bought it for him, so of course I have to tease. I bought my piece of shit truck at a government auction for two hundred bucks. I have to buy Jake a ton of fucking beer and pizza to