For those of you who followed the "Control/ Possess/ Seduce" competition I am pleased to confirm that Outlaw was my own humble little entry. Outlaw is literally a labour of love for me (see my extended authors note at the end if you are interested in the origins of the story). It's been knocking around in my head for a while but the contest subject really gave me the impetus to make it happen. Whilst I can knock out a chapter a week of a contemporary story without breaking a sweat I literally laboured over Outlaw. From the type of gun that Edward would carry to the ladies' underwear, each detail had to be researched in painstaking detail. Fear not, this is not the end for Edward and Bella! However, instead of a serial I see Outlaw as a series of novella length pieces charting each time they meet as a series of loosely connected longer stories. There will be updates, and when they are posted they will be lengthy, but given the time each update will take I can't guarantee when the next one will be. I do hope that if you liked Outlaw that you hang around. Thanks to AlisonJG my trusty Beta! Lady Letters Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Rhyolite, Nevada, 1907 Bath day for the Montana Rose was big business in the Saloon. "Come on gents," yelled Bella, her rich voice rising over the hubbub of the busy saloon, "Rose isn't getting washed until the bottom of that bath is covered in gold." Rose sat on the edge of a copper bathtub that had been placed in the centre of the room where the gaming tables usually resided, dressed in a beautiful pink embroidered kimono that Bella had obtained, in return for a small favour, from Joe the Chinaman. Rose, a slight flush on her peaches and cream complexion from a recent shot of whiskey seemed perfectly at ease perched on the edge of the tub. Her long blonde hair was piled onto the top of her head and her face was scrubbed clean, free of the powder and rouge that usually covered it. "Come on boys," she purred, trailing a finger into the water, now a third of the way up the copper bathtub, giving the crowd a glimpse of her ample cleavage as the kimono fell artfully open with such subtlety that it appeared an accident. "I'm just dying for a bath." A young boy of around seventeen rose to his feet and dropped a rough nugget of gold into the water before retreating back to his seat, cheeks blazing. "That's it," she cried, clapping her hands with delight. "Did I mention that I'll need somebody to help scrub my back?" There was a loud scrape of chair legs on wood as another half dozen of the assembled prospectors, shop owners and bull whackers rose to their feet and dropped more little nuggets of gold into the bath. Bella pushed through the crowd with another bucket of hot water, casting her eyes across the room in her level, practised manner to check for men who were drunk, rowdy or known crooks. One man caught her attention, a face that she didn't know, sitting at the bar dressed head to toe in black. An oddity when every other man in the saloon was crowded around Rose. "Nearly there gents," she yelled, the Irish brogue of her voice making her raised voice more musical than most. "If you've got any coins, nuggets or trinkets burning a hole in your pocket it's time to get them out." She dumped the steaming contents of the bucket into the bathtub and leaned in close to Rose. "The young boy," she muttered, "he's green as a four leaf clover." "He's sweet," said Rose, quietly, the hint of a smile on her face, "his cheeks were blazing and all he's seen so far is a glimpse of my ankles." "Rose," said Bella, putting a friendly hand on her shoulder. "Young and sweet perhaps but still a client." Rose smiled mysteriously, as if she knew better. Bella sighed inwardly, sometimes she forgot that Rose was little more than a girl herself. "One more bucket of water and we're full!" she continued, "there's still a few gaps on the bottom of that bath and I promise you, if it's not completely covered you're not seeing anything." The tension was building and again, the hubbub of the room reached a climax with the now slightly worse for wear crowd searching waistcoat pockets for the last little nuggets of gold to ensure a good show. Bella handed the empty bucket to a hovering Alice who rushed it out the back for the one armed Renee to refill. She walked through the throng, greeting the doctor with a squeeze of the shoulder, a couple of familiar faces with a smile and a friendly word and skilfully patting away the hands of several men who didn't know her well enough yet to know that she wasn't for sale. Rattlesnake Jake stood at the door, hands crossed across his body, surveying the crowd with a mean glare. "Rowdy lot tonight," he observed as Bella paused beside him. "I know," she said, tucking a stray strand of her dark hair back into her tresses and checking that her favourite shamrock hair pin was still in place, "but a night like this brings in as much trade as we usually do in a fortnight. I don't need to tell you how much we need the cash." "Still," he frowned, "I worry about the girls." "Any troublemakers?" she asked, changing the subject. Jake might not be able to read or write but as well as being mean as a rattlesnake he was smart and an excellent judge of character. His strength and loyalty had earned him a place as the only male living and working in her saloon. "There's a couple of prospectors hell bent on fighting each other over there." He pointed surreptitiously to a small group of men in the corner, two conspicuously sat on the fringes of the group and casting the occasional hostile glance at each other. The frontier was wild and claims were a huge bone of contention. It wasn't unusual for men to come to blows or even kill each other over a disputed piece of land or a stolen nugget. "Keep an eye on them," she ordered and he nodded his understanding. "What about the man at the bar?" "Almost as tall as me," said Jake, grudgingly, "and keeping himself to himself for the moment." He fixed her with his dark eyes, searching her face for a clue as to her state of mind. "What's your concern?" "I don't know," she admitted, shrugging her shoulders and using the moment as an excuse to look at the lean stranger again. "He's the only one not looking at Rose." "He was looking at you." Jake regarded her from above through half closed eyes, trying to gauge her reaction. "Nonsense," she said, fighting the urge to ask him when the handsome stranger had looked at her and covering up the flush rising to her cheeks by making a show of rearranging her breasts within the tight silk dress. "There's just something about him that makes me uncomfortable, that's all, something I can't put my finger on." "I thought at first that he held himself like a lawman," offered Jake, thoughtfully, "but he's not wearing a badge and that gun is like no lawman's I've ever seen." She followed his gaze, running her eyes down the man's lean dark form to his sidearm. It was a Colt 1873 single action revolver, the long barrel familiar due to it being a common model in these parts, yet she had never seen one adorned with such beautiful mother of pearl handles. "Expensive," she muttered. This man was becoming more curious by the minute. It didn't seem that Bella was the only one who thought so because the only two empty seats in the house were on either side of him. "Keep an eye on him, Jake," she implored. He nodded and she flitted off back into the crowd, taking the newly refilled bucket of hot water from Alice and making a great show of carrying it toward the stage. "Gentlemen, please," yelled Bella, quietening the hubbub of the expectant crowd to a simmering chatter with just two words and a single raised hand. She lowered her voice slightly, letting the brogue in her accent caress the words with their velvety tones. "I am mighty pleased to confirm that this bath tub is now completely covered with gold." The crowd cheered and she smiled indulgently, letting them have their moment before the ragged cheer came abruptly to an end, the weight of expectation in the air building. "So as promised the Montana Rose will now take her bath." This time there was silence, a slight murmur as the crowd settled but every man remained focused on the figure of Rose. That is, every man apart from the stranger at the bar. Her eyes fixed on him for a moment, surprised to find his green eyes on her. He had risen from the barstool where she had first seen him and was now leaning back against the bar, his elbows propping himself up on the rough hewn wooden surface. He was looking on with interest, in the way that you might watch a hanging to make sure that the murderer was dead, a dispassionate interest completely at odds with the crude voyeurism of the rest of the crowd. She faltered for a moment, quite forgetting where she was. Rose, sensing that something was wrong followed her gaze looking first at the tall stranger and then back at her boss who was staring back. She cleared her throat, pulling at Bella's skirts to bring her attention back to the moment. "And without further ado," continued Bella quickly, wrenching her gaze away from the arresting man, "I give you Rose, as free and naked as the day she was born." Rose got gracefully to her feet. Bella took hold of the kimono by the neck and slowly, sensuously, drew it back over Rose's shoulders. There was an audible gasp as her form was bared to the room. For all that hurdy gurdies and brothels were a fact of life in the West, sex was still something that happened in the dark, a perfunctory lift of the skirts. The sight of a fully naked woman, especially one as statuesque as Rose was a rare treat; something to be savoured. Rose covered her breasts and crotch area for a moment, feigning shyness. Bella held out her hand and Rose took it, dropping her hands and letting Bella help her into the steaming water. The pent up tension of the crowd released in one collective breath and Renee started turning the wheel on the hurdy gurdy to start a gay tune. The men went back to drinking and chatting, the brave ones getting to their feet to gaze down at Rose in the bathtub. She smiled and rubbed a washcloth across her body and spread her legs slightly to reward them with a glimpse of pink underneath her blonde curls of hair. Bella knew that it was uncomfortable for her in the bath, sitting on a bed of gold coins and nuggets, yet she also knew that Rose would smile and bear the discomfort with a gay smile with the knowledge that she would receive her cut, along with all of the other girls in her co-op, later on. "Why Rose," said Bella in a low voice, making sure that it was loud enough for the crowd to hear, "it seems to me as if you could with somebody to scrub your back." "But who?" giggled Rose, sitting up and giving every man in the place