Jacob's life couldn't get any worse he was positive. Not only had the girl he loved ran off to Italy to save her blood sucking boyfriend but he'd also failed his math final and now apparently said girl had put her mortality up for a vote. With only 2 no's and 5 yes's it was decided that Bella would become a vampire, eventually. Because he wasn't talking to her right now the shifter didn't really know the details. Not only that but his dad had volunteered him to help a new resident move her shit into her house. It was a lot of weird shit too. Who randomly had an empty 50 gallon fish tank they took with them? And the amount of wolf pictures were getting creepy. Whoever this chick was he was going to make sure to stay far away. And she had a box of rocks and sticks packed next to the tank. Did she think they would run away if she didn't keep them in a cage? Hearing Quil curse the russet shifter smirked. Quil had Phased a little over a week ago and was still getting used to the changes that come with it, in all honesty so was Jake. Stumbling out of the door to the two story pale gray house Embry sighed guzzling the water bottle he had brought with him. "Is that the last of it?" Peeking into the moving truck the russet shifter nodded. "Yea, I don't understand why this girl would move across the country with so little." In all fairness they had only had to unload a queen sized bed and about ten boxes of random things like the sticks and a few boxes filled with Anime. Embry had went goo-goo eyed when he'd seen that. Heaven knows the spotted shifter loved anything to do with Anime or Manga or whatever, and he'd nearly had a heart attack when he'd seen a shirt that had the exact copy of his wolf form on it because under it had read 'I run with the Pack'. The poor kid was falling in love with a freak. "Let's go guys! Dad said they'd get here tomorrow so we can get paid." Quil wiggled his eyebrows grinning from ear to ear. "Don't you mean get laid?" Taking a swipe at the curly haired boy Jacob growled. "Cut the shit." Smile instantly dropping from his face Quil whined. "Sorry man, just trying to lighten the mood is all." Grumbling under his breath the towering teen stomped into the woods, pushing off his shorts and Phasing to run and clear his head. Sighing and muttering to herself for the thousandth time that day May McCarty pulled over to the side of the road to check her map, again. Searching for the folded piece of paper that was stuck under her passenger's seat she squealed when claws gripped her skin and pulled. Scowling at the tiny scratches that were blooming red the emerald eyed female hissed baring a tiny fang to the golden eye that was peeking out from under the bucket seat. "Dammit Kou, get your scaly ass out here." Blinking slowly the bearded dragon trotted forward jumping on to the black leather seat and sticking his tongue out. Narrowing her luminous orbs the girl dug around for her map again, pulling the paper free after a moment of blind searching. "Okay, I should be right in the middle of Forks but because I'm directionally challenged I've managed to get completely lost in the middle of nowhere." Tossing the parchment into her back seat the 20 year old groaned banging her forehead on the steering wheel of her car. Slumping down the tiny female blinked not quite believing what she was seeing. Did a half-naked Indian really just run by her car? Oh wait there went another one… Throwing her door open May stepped out. "Yo! Tall, Dark and barely covered!" Sliding to a stop Paul rounded on the light voice that had called his attention, well it could've been Jared's attention but he was already gone into the woods. "Can I get some directions real quick? I promise I won't keep you very long." Growling under his breath the temperamental shifter stomped over. "What?" Maybe he shouldn't have been so mean to someone he didn't even know but Paul would always be Paul. "Can you send up a smoke signal or something, I need to find La Push. And I think I might be getting close if you're any indication." Oh this one had some fire to her, he liked that. Running a hand through his cropped hair the dark gray shifter jabbed a finger towards the way she had been going. "My little toe says it's about 10 miles that way. Now do me a favor and take a long walk off a short pier." Smiling her dimples came into view along with extra sharp teeth. "Sure thing Squanto, thanks." Ducking back into her car she snickered watching the copper skinned male jog into the forest. Man that was some nice eye candy, to bad she stuck out like a sore thumb being pale white and about a foot shorter than everyone else. Shifting her car into first she eased back onto the road. She had a feeling her life was going to be anything but normal, especially with the strong scent of magic and wolves that was clinging to the area. Cruising through the one stoplight town the midnight haired girl raised an eyebrow seeing another giant Quileute only this one had his arm wrapped around a beautiful copper skinned girl that also happened to have scars down one side of her face. Biting her cheek May wiggled feeling the familiar pull of her own scars earned over a lifetime. Returning the wave that the girl tossed her way May sped away once the light had changed color. Where the hell was her house? It had to be- Oh never mind. Killing the engine in her silver 1999 Mustang the ravenette moved to the porch surveying the house and all the open yard around it. She really didn't see why Lancaster needed such a big home, heaven knows he wouldn't help her clean it. "You really should stop doubting me, Darkling." Yelping May threw a blast of energy towards the semi deep voice, only for it to be smacked away. Gripping the material in front of her rapidly beating heart the girl snarled letting her emerald orbs flash fuchsia. "Fuck Cas, ya gotta warn me before you do shit like that. You know I'm not used to you Blinking next to me." The emerald eyed redhead only smirked and Blinked back out of sight leaving a gray plume of smoke behind him. Pinching the bridge of her nose the female marched back to her car to collect her dragon and her purse. She'd have to remember to disconnect her car battery later, it had been giving her trouble lately, running down after a day of nonuse. Pushing the front door open May sighed taking in the dust covered floors and bare walls. She had a lot of work to do. Sometime later she sensed Cas Blink up stairs probably bringing his stuff, the demon didn't trust humans to handle his possessions from one coast to the other. A deep bark had the emerald eyed girl smiling, her wolf hybrid had motion sickness and because she was still so young May couldn't teleport quite as far or as safely as Lancaster could. She'd managed to scrub the floors and dust the counters today anyway. Strolling down the stairs the redhead straightened his shirt, he'd dressed down from the normal suit and tie she was accustomed to seeing him in. "You're not ready for the party yet?" Blinking her eyes slowly the 20 year old let her dog jump up and lick her cheek before answering the male with a forced smile on her face. "What party? Cas if you got us invited to another stripper place…" She trailed off because she had no clue what she would do. Stopping next to her the green eyed demon smiled ruffling her silky tresses. "Relax Darkling, it's a party for the local teenagers to kick off the summer. I got invited yesterday when I went to ask Billy if he knew someone that could unpack your crap." Scowling the girl tossed her rag into the sink. Checking to make sure she didn't have any stains on her basketball shorts or her t-shirt she shrugged, it wasn't gonna get much better than that. "You never can tell with you. And you do realize you're not a teenager anymore, right?" Ushering her out the door Lancaster rolled his eyes. You'd think May was the older one with the way she acted most of the time. Watching the female shuffle along with her trusty wolf, her words not his, the redhead grinned. He was happy he was in time to save her, she didn't realize it but May had really helped turn his life around. Blinking next to her he looped an arm through hers waiting for her to tuck a finger under the canine's harness before he teleported them closer to First Beach. Pushing away from him as soon as they were safely planted on the spot May shivered patting her black hybrid's head. She didn't really do human contact. Not now anyway. "I'm going to go find Billy, you go meet people your own age." Huffing because the demon hadn't given her a choice in the matter May bit her lip and marched forward. Spotting a familiar copper form a little ways down the beach she picked up her pace, making her dog bark and race towards the water. Making sure no little kids were around the ravenette let the canine run. "Yo Squanto!" She watched the boy freeze and round on her deep frown from earlier still in place. It didn't escape her notice that nearly every Native American on the sand had turned at her yell and were giving her dirty looks. It didn't hit her until then that it was probably offensive to call him that. Rolling his dark eyes Paul growled when she stopped in front of him. "Great, need help finding that pier now?" Grinning she snorted before waving her hand dismissively. "Naw I'd probably get lost anyway. I'm kinda surprised I made it that far without getting lost. Tennessee ain't exactly close." Raising an eyebrow the shifter huffed, smelling his Alpha coming closer. "Who's this Paul? Why don't you introduce her to the guys?" Muttering under his breath the shifter narrowed his eyes at May. Stepping closer the tiny female realized just how small she really was, 5 foot didn't amount to much when everyone around you was 6'6'' and up. "I'm May, Squanto wouldn't know that because we haven't got that far yet." Looking a little sheepish Sam rubbed the back of his neck. "That would be my bad then. Normally when Paul brings someone it's his flavor of the week." Laughing the female let her eyes flicker towards the waves were her black wolf dog was yipping at a little girl. Cursing she raised her fingers to her lips giving a high pitched whistle. "Nova! Get you fluffy butt over here!" Golden orbs glanced her way before the canine continued bouncing around making the toddler giggle. "Now mutt-face I know you hear me!" She could hear the dog groan from where she stood, but the large mass of fur bounded over anyway. Turning back to the boys she realized the unnamed one was frowning. "She's not dangerous is she? We can't allow animals here if there's a possibility they could hurt a human." May had to hold in a snort, that was funny coming from a shape-shifter, and a young one at that. She'd been able to smell the difference is their scents compared to their other tribe members.