Ok, let me get the facts strait. I did NOT want to be a half-blood. If you're reading this because you think you might be one, my advice is: slam this book close, rip out a few pages, and toss it into the closest body of water. You should believe whatever lie your guardian has told you about your birth and go on with your life. Why do I not want to be a half-blood? It's incredibly dangerous. Its terrifying. Usually it gets you killed, or puts you in terrible near death experiences. If you're a 'normal' mortal, reading this because you think its fake, cool. You can read on. I'm jealous that you can believe none of this is true. But if you see yourself in this book, if you feel something stirring in your stomach, stop reading immediately. You might be a half-blood. And once you're aware of it, they'll know it to, then they'll come after you. Don't say I never warned you. My name if Persephone Jackson, but I prefer Percy. I'm twelve years a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, which is a private boarding school for troubled kids in upstate New York Am I troubled kid? Yeah, I am. I could start at any point in my short miserable life to prove it, but things really started going bad this past May. It was when our sixth-grade class took a field trip to Manhattan. There was twenty-eight mentle kids with only two chaperones. We were on a bus going to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman things. I know, it sounds like torture. But most field trips are, especially at Yancy. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. You probably wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had this awesome collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep. I hope that the trip would go good, well, that for once I wouldn't get in trouble. I was wrong. See, bad things usually happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway. And before that, at my fourth-grade school, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, I sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim. And the time before that... Well, you probably get the idea. This trip, I was determined to be good. All the way into the city, I put up with Nancy Bobofit, this freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my best friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks of peanut butter and ketchup sandwich. Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On top of all that, he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair, and she knew I couldn't do anything back to her because I was already on probation. The headmaster had threatened me with death by in-school suspension if anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened on this trip. " I'mma murder her." I growled lightly. " It ok, honestly, I like peanut butter." Grover insisted, trying to dodge another piece of the redheads lunch. " That's it." I tried to get up, but Grover held onto my arm and pulled me back down. "You're already on probation, " he reminded me. "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens. " Looking back on it, I wish I'd decked Nancy Bobofit right then and there. In-school suspension would've been nothing compared to the mess I was about to get myself into. Mr. Brunner led the museum tour. He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black and orange pottery. It came to my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand, three thousand years. That was amazing. He gathered us around a thirteen foot tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top, and started telling us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl around our told us about the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen to what he had to say, because it was kind of interesting, but everybody around me was talking, and every time I told them to shut up, the other teacher chaperone, Mrs. Dodds, would give me the evil eye. Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket, even though she was fifty years old. She looked mean enough to ride a Harley right into your locker. She had come to Yancy halfway through the year, when our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured I was devil spawn. She would point her crooked finger at me and say, "Now, honey, " real sweet, and I knew I was stuck in after school detention for the next month and a half. One time, after she'd made me erase answers out of old math workbooks until midnight, I told Grover I didn't think Mrs. Dodds was human. He looked at me, real serious like, and said, "You're absolutely right. " kept on talking. Finally, Nancy said something about the naked man on the stele, I whipped around and said, " Would you just shut up?" It came out louder than I intended. The whole group burst into laughter, stop talking and focused on me. " Yes, ? Did you have something to say about this piece?" He asked. My face flushed, I had no idea what to say and was incredibly embarrassed for having been caught red handed. " No, I don't, sir." "Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents?"Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the pictures on the stele. I looked at the carving, a sense of relief flooded me. I actually knew the answer. " That's Titan Kronos, eating his kids, right?" " Yes…" Mr. Brunner said, obviously not satisfied. "And he did this because ... " " Well...He was the king, and ... He didn't trust his kids, who were the Gods. So, um, Kronos ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters-" " OMG! Disgusting!" Cried one of the girls behind me. " So then there was a huge fight between the Titans and the Gods, and the Gods won." The group started laughing again. Somewhere behind me Nancy Bobofit mumbled to one of her friends, "Like we're going to use this in real life. Like it's probably going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" " And why, Ms. Jackson, to paraphrase 's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" " Busted." Grover snickered. "Shut up, " Nancy hissed, her face even brighter red than her hair. At least Nancy got in trouble, too. was the only one who ever caught her, he had amazing hearing. " I don't really know, sir." I answered truthfully. "I see. " Mr. Brunner looked disappointed. "Well, half credit, Mr. Jackson. Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other five children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely undigested in the Titan's stomach. The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld. On that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside?" The class drifted off, the rest of the girls holding their stomachs, and the idiotic guys pushing each other around and acting like doofuses. Grover and I were about to follow when Mr. Brunner said, " . " I knew what was coming. " Go ahead, I'll catch up." I told him, turning around and walking back to our teacher. " Sir?" had this strange stare, his brown eyes were intense and seemed to hold thousands of years of memories. " It is crucial that you learn the answer to my question," He told me. " The one about the Titans?" " About real life. And how your studies apply to it. " "Oh, that." "What you learn from me, " he said, "is vitally important. I expect you to treat it as such. I will accept only the best from you, Percy Jackson. " I really wished I could get angry, this guy pushed me to hard. I mean, sure, it was kind of cool on tournament days, when he dressed up in a suit of Roman armor, shouted: "What ho!'" and challenged us, sword-point against chalk, to run to the board and name every Greek and Roman person who had ever lived, their mother, and what god they worshipped. But Mr. Brunner expected me to be as good as everybody else, despite the fact that I have dyslexia, attention deficit disorder, and have never made above a C- in my life. No-he didn't expect me to be as good; he expected me to be better. And I just couldn't learn all those names and facts, much less spell them correctly. " I'll try harder." I told him. Her waved me away before turning back to the girl on the stele, his gaze sad, as if he had been at her funeral. The class gathered on the front steps of the museum, where we could watch the foot traffic along Fifth Avenue. Above my head a huge storm had formed, with clouds darker than any I'd ever seen.I figured maybe it was global warming or something, because the weather all across New York state had been weird since Christmas. We'd had massive snow storms, flooding, wildfires from lightning strikes. I wouldn't have been surprised if this was a hurricane blowing in. Nobody else seemed to notice. Some of the guys were pelting pigeons with Lunchables crackers. Nancy Bobofit was trying to pickpocket something from a lady's purse, and, of course, Mrs. Dodds wasn't seeing a thing. Grover and I sat on the edge of the fountain, which was away from everyone else. We thought that if we did that, maybe people wouldn't think we were from that school - the school of freaks and losers who couldn't make it anywhere else. " Did you get detention?" Grover asked. " No, not from Brunner." I sighed. "I just wish he'd lay off me sometimes. I mean, I'm not a genius." Grover didn't say anything for a while. Then, just when I thought he was going to give me some deep philosophical comment to make me feel better, he said, "Can I have your apple?" I wasn't that hungry, witch was a first for