Time was a terrible thing. There was never enough was there? That was what everyone said anyway. Everyone except for the families of Auror's. For those included in that group, time could seem endless. Assignments drawn out with no end date in sight. Missions that would only be for one night, but would seem to last for weeks. Not to mention the lengthy hours put in at the Ministry. Time dragged on when it came to Auror's, that was certain. The worst wait of all was what Hermione was going through right now. She sat in a worn chair along one of the many corridors at St. Mungo's, Harry pacing nervously in front of her. A clock that hung upon the wall ticked by mercilessly. Although logically she knew the ticking sound was barely there, to her it sounded like a hammer, pounding away as each second passed, reverberating off the walls ringing through her ears and down to her very soul. Her and Harry exchanged nervous glances every so often, but neither would say anything. Gone were the days when they would offer encouraging words to console one another. Those times had come to pass. It did nothing to ease the anxiety of the situation. Over the years they had come to accept that simple truth and both of them took solace in the silence. That is, except for the incessant ticking of that god forsaken clock. This was the life she chose though. She knew all too well what she was getting herself into when she took her vows. She had seen what Ginny went through with Harry for years. She thought that after sitting idly by so many times while her best friend sat in the very same hospital would prepare her for when she would find herself in Ginny's place. She didn't know just how wrong that thinking was until she had already been married for seven months. Your best friend being the one hurt was one thing. The love of your life was an entirely different matter all together. She averted her gaze to a loose thread on her sweater and toyed with it in her opposite hand. Anything to distract, she learned that long ago. Distraction was best in times like this. Three hours had gone by at this point. Three painstaking hours that felt more like years. Waiting for any word on her husbands condition. Harry had told her what happened. They had gone to investigate a lead on a local smuggling ring, but someone had tipped the group off and they were ambushed upon arrival. Her husband had been knocked unconscious and Harry just barely got them out in time, apparating them directly to St. Mungo's. It had been so chaotic that he couldn't be sure what hexes her husband had been hit with, leaving the healers in the dark on what steps to take. Hermione ran her hands though her curls as she sighed. What was taking so long? Surely someone could of come out and at least given them an update at this point. She drummed her hands on her leg for a moment. Right as she was about to go see if she could find a nurse, or anyone that could give her some answers, the large double doors at the end of the hall swung open. She knew right away that it was Healer Thompson. He was undoubtedly the most experienced Healer in his field, a specialist so to speak, in reversing dark spells and curses. He had just been starting out his career during the war, some of his first cases at the hospital had been those dealing with victims of Death Eaters. Dark times those were, and while many would shudder to think of how Thompson had come to be so knowledgeable in his field, Hermione could care less. He had saved her best friend, her husband, as well as other Auror's countless times. She was nothing but thankful for that man. As he approached the pair, she hoped that tonight he would pull through for her once more. She reached out and gripped Harry's hand, she could feel her heart pounding against her chest. Healer Thompson offered a soft smile as he neared them. "He's going to be just fine Hermione." He said. She hadn't even realized it until the words left his mouth that she had been holding her breath. She gasped, and the tears that she had held back finally escaped as she turned and embraced Harry. They stayed like that for a few moments. Wiping away her tears she faced herself back to Healer Thompson, ready for him to list off what had happened, what injuries were sustained, any side effects or lasting damage. She wasn't happy to say that she knew the routine, knew what to expect, but alas, the life of an Auror's wife. Once Thompson could see that she was ready, he began. "He was hit with what I can only describe as a slue of curses at once, although I wasn't able to pinpoint the exact nature of all of them, I was able to ascertain enough to stop the damage. He had massive internal bleeding, as well as a multitude of broken bones. I was able to repair the physical damage and do not foresee any lasting problems." He explained. Hermione nodded at his words. She was waiting for the turn. She knew this Healer far too well, she knew that he always gave the good, reassuring news first. She waited in silence for the other shoe to drop. Something was different this time, whatever it was, he was apprehensive about telling her the details. It was written all over his face. "Just tell me Thompson, I can handle it." She tried not to sound cross, but it was nearing four in the morning and between the late hour, and the stress of everything, she was drained. He rubbed his hand over his eyes before meeting with hers once more. "He got hit with an Obliviate Hermione." He held up a hand as soon as the words left his mouth to stop her and let him finish. "Thankfully, whoever threw that curse didn't know what they were doing and it didn't remove his memories. I was able to reverse most of the damage, and what is left I can assure you is only temporary." Her voice was shaky when she spoke again. "What does that mean exactly?" She damn near pleaded. The time went, dragging on once more. She just wanted to know, needed to know what to expect when she saw her husband. "His memories up until about four years ago are perfectly intact, anything after that, they're...foggy. I was able to look into his mind and see that everything is there, it all seems to be veiled. Though I haven't seen this happen in this exact manner before, I believe the symptoms are presenting in what muggles refer to as amnesia." Hermione felt like she had been punched in the stomach. It was as if all of the air had been sucked out of that hospital hallway. She felt her legs give way underneath her, Harry and Healer Thompson quickly caught her and moved her to the chair. She clung to Harry's arm as she tried to process the information. It took her a few minutes to collect herself before she could find words to speak. "So what you're telling me is that, our entire marriage, our entire relationship for that matter, he doesn't remember right now?" She asked. "I'm afraid not. As I said though, the memories are all still there though. I believe what caused this was a combination of a poorly executed curse, along with some very traumatic physical damage. Magic can only heal so much. His body needs to heal the rest of the way." He explained. "Do we have anyway of knowing how long it will last?" Harry asked. Healer Thompson sighed. "There's no way of knowing for sure, but based off of his condition, I'd say best case a few days. Worst case a few months." Hermione took a deep breath before speaking again. "Thank you Thompson. When can I see him?" She asked. "You can go back now. You know the drill, he needs his rest, but take as long as you need. I'll be discharging him in two days, barring any further complications. I am terribly sorry I couldn't do more." "Don't you do that. Do you hear me? You have saved these men more times then I can count. I don't care if his memories never return. You kept him alive, and that's what matters. Do you understand?" She demanded. Harry chuckled to himself as he watched Healer Thompson turn a slight shade of pink. Hermione always was the assertive one. He gave a nod and gestured for them to follow him. When they reached the door Hermione inhaled sharply before turning the doorknob and entering the small room. A low rhythmic hum came from the magical machines that monitored his vitals. She felt a lump form in her throat. It wasn't the first time she saw him so bandaged and bruised, that didn't make it any easier though. She stood in the doorway for a while, her mind racing with so many questions. She was pulled from her thoughts when a hoarse voice spoke from the bed. "I see you took my advice." He said. She had to remind herself of what the Healer had said. Four years. Four years ago they were friends, but not together yet. She was thankful for that much "Which advice was that?" She stepped further into the room, trying her best to hide her emotions. "Telling Weasley to bugger off." He smirked. She furrowed her brows trying her damnedest to remember what he was talking about. A light bulb suddenly went off as the memory came flooding back. A smile came to her face for two reasons. One, if this was where his mind was at, he was pretty close to when they began, at that point, aside from Harry and Ginny, he was her closest friend. Two, that exact conversation was the reason her and Ron had ended in the first place. "That's putting it lightly, I believe your exact words were something like 'Tell that little prick to shove his opinion where the sun doesn't shine." He shrugged. "Same difference." She sat on the edge of his bed, her eyes brimmed with tears. When she spoke it was barely above a whisper. "You scared me tonight Draco." He moved to sit up a little more, wincing at the pain. "As if you could get rid of me that easily." He retorted. Her face twisted with agitation. "Can you not be a such a smart ass for once?" He smirked. "Sorry love, not possible." She rolled her eyes. "This isn't funny Draco. You have no idea the extent of what happened tonight. You have no-" "Granger." He started. "No, you're not interrupting me right now. You have-" "Granger." "I swear to god Draco if you-" "GRANGER!" "WHAT?" "Oh nothing, would you mind explaining to me just why in the hell you're wearing my Grandmother's wedding ring." He grabbed her hand, turning it so that she was looking directly at the ring. She wasn't even thinking about it before she entered the room. So much for easing him into the news. She sighed, deciding that she might as well tell him now. "You got hit with an obliviate tonight Draco. Healer Thompson said that whoever cast it didn't know what they were doing. They weren't successful in removing anything, but the last few years will take a little while to come back to you." He still was holding on to her hand and she looked longingly down at her wedding ring. "Okay, but that still doesn't answer my question." "I don't know how else to say this really...Draco...we're married."