*_*_*_*_*_*Disclaimer: This story is set in Tolkien's Middle Earth, and all of his characters and settings remain property of the Tolkien estate.*_*_*_*_* Author's note: there is a character list and glossary in Chapter 42 at the end of the chapters list, if you need them for reference as you read! There are a few 'pseudo-Elvish' words throughout, that can be found in the glossary! "One touch will spark the bond, Two, your love you will miss, Three, your hearts will grow fond, Four, fire bonds with a kiss." (an Elvish poem, in the common tongue.) When spark of love finds the mind's true love bond, A touch will cause you your true love to miss; A touch and your hearts will grow ever fond; Unquenchable fire will burn in a kiss. (long version of an Elvish poem, as translated by Talagand.) Chapter 1 Farewell we call to hearth and hall -JRR Tolkien In the ruins of Fornost, a patch of flowers bloomed below the wall of a house. The walled city surrounded them, hiding them from view of passers by. There were few of those in the lonely wastes of northern Eriador, where Fornost lay at the edge of the North Downs. Thalion appeared suddenly from where he had blended into the shadow of a wall, throwing back his ranger's hood. The Dunedain commander cast a cursory glance at the flowers, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth as he passed them. He entered his house, a rolled parchment showing from the open end of a tube he held in one hand. A stout, elderly woman bowed to him, saying "Commander." "Ah, Gwifen. Is Eleirien in? I need to speak with her." "Yes, milord, she is at tea wi' her latest suitor and your lady wife." "Yes. I spoke with him yesterday. Kindly remind my daughter to come and see me, please?" "Yes, milord." Gwifen bowed and headed to the room they were using as a parlor. She entered quietly. A petite blond lady in a lacy veil and frilly gown sat, making intricate stitchery on an embroidery hoop as she smiled at the young people across from her. A young lady in a simple gown sat, one hand lifted to the fervent kiss of a young man. He managed to look elegant, even in his martial attire, as he murmured a request to her. She withdrew her hand as she shook her head, eyes lowered, and his face fell. The handsome young man turned abruptly away from Eleirien with a hurt look on his face. He bowed over the hand of her stepmother, Brethil, then straightened, turned on his heel, and left the sitting room, looking crestfallen. Brethil turned to look at Eleirien. "What a shame! He is such a nice young man, Eleirien. How could you decline his request?" She looked at the tall young lady reproachfully over the rim of her cup. "Stepmama, I truly did not want to go strolling around the walls with him. And, Father wants me to visit him in his study this morning." "Oh, very well," sighed Brethil, in a hurt tone of voice."But I know not how you expect to find a husband if you never get to know any of the young men here." She took a dainty sip of her tea and a dainty nibble of a sweet. Then she picked up her intricate embroidery project and stood. Her long blonde hair fell from under the lacy veil. She picked up the train of her gown with one beringed hand, and swept out of the room. "Your father awaits you in his study, Miss." said Gwifen, then bustled away. Eleirien called "thank you, Gwifen!" and sighed, then downed the contents of her own cup. She glanced scornfully at the large stitches in her own embroidery hoop, and flung it onto the table. Taking two of the pastries in her hand, she rose, and shook crumbs off of her plain but elegantly cut gown. Devouring the pastries as she went, she headed to her father's study. Sunlight slanted in through a colored glass window over the table. A map scroll was spread out on top, weighted down on the corners. The man seated there had an athletic build, tanned skin, and dark hair streaked with grey. He was frowning, index finger on the map, as Eleirien came in. "Father," she said. "Daughter," Thalion replied, " have a seat." He indicated the bench by the table . She sat facing him, and looked, puzzled, at the upside-down map. He sighed, resting one arm on the table, chin in hand, and peered at her with narrowed blue eyes. "That is the fifth...no, sixth suitor I have given permission to court you, Elei, and, it seems, to no avail." She pursed her lips, then replied "Oh, Father, he was so boring." "Boring? The soldiers of my company, fine officers, were they boring? And the Rangers who came from far across the lands? Or, when we went all the way to the sea, and sailed on a ship, were the seagoing men boring, too?" She smiled at him. "Well, Father, none of them held a candle to you." He smiled back wryly. "Ah, flattery...it is beneath you, Elei. Your stepmother has, as you must know, been trying hard to matchmake for you." She rolled her eyes. He sighed, and placed a hand over hers. "You are of age to wed. It chafes you not to be the mistress of my home, now, and I am sorry for that. For all her frilly ways, Brethil does brighten my days; but, she will never replace your mother, or you, in my heart. Child, I want you to find a lifemate, as I did with your mother. Whether you, too, will have the bond we had, of the mind-speak, I do not know. It may be only of Dunedain and Elves. But I do want you to be happy. Now, it is not an easy life, but if you want a change, your uncle and aunt in Breeland have offered to take you in. Consider it carefully. They love you dearly..." She looked at his dear blue eyes, crinkled at the corners, and said, "I do not want to leave you, Father. Even from this outpost city." "Nor I, you, child, but you see little enough of me, in these days of turmoil. New events are taking me far away very soon, I fear. Aragorn has sent news from down in Eriador. Evil forces have come as far as Buckland, and soon we will be at war with Sauron's armies. I will be heading to Rivendell, and taking Brethil back to live in Dale. So, rather than fret in Dale, under Brethil's rule, as I know you do here, consider going to Combe, to my brother's house. You at least may meet a different type of men, and may even find one you like." She pouted at his words, but he went on. "There will be wars closer to home, very soon." He pointed to the map. "Here, in Mirkwood, and here, in Lorien. Here, at the borders of Eriador. You can be useful in other ways at Combe. I truly am not just trying to marry you off." Eleirien nodded, and clasped his hand back. "I will consider, Father, and quickly." Three sudden blasts on a hunting horn rang through the air. Her father sighed heavily, rose, and hastily rolled up the map. He stuffed it in a leather tube. "Farewell, child. The muster is called, sooner than we feared. Come to me soon, if you decide to go to Combe, and you can leave with the company." Elei raised her hand to him imploringly, but he had already turned on his heel and was walking swiftly out to the stable. The long day stretched out ahead of her, and Elei fretted, with no firm purpose in mind. Her attempt to enjoy baking in the kitchen was thwarted again by Brethil's schedule for the household, as all the pans were being washed. She decided to clean up her herb garden until tea time. The warm sun shone through the trees onto Eleirien's shoulders as she straightened up from the herb garden. She stretched her arms overhead, then brushed off her gown. As she ducked under the washing strung across the doorway to the kitchen, she nearly collided with the stout housekeeper. "Sorry, Gwifen!" She exclaimed. The older lady looked up at her, clicking her tongue. "Now, don't fret, milady. You didn't quite run me over. Tsk, tsk." she said, as she flashed a dimpled smile at Elei. She looked disapprovingly at the smudges on Elei's gown. "Gwifen, can I have tea now?" asked Eleirien, pushing back her long black hair. "Tsk, tsk, it's in the solar with Her already, you'll be lucky if there's any left. She called for it at half past, no word to look for you. I am sorry, m'dear." said Gwifen, bustling past Elei. Elei sighed. Was it worth risking Stepmama's displeasure at her garden-soiled dress? Shaking her head, she turned to the pantry to find dried herbs for her own tea. Taking a small handful to the kitchen, she was frustrated to find no cup left for her to use. All of her favorite pottery was no doubt in use at her stepmama's tea, or packed for the move already. Elei stomped off to her room. She flung herself onto her bed and was dismayed to feel tears welling up in her eyes. Since her father's new wife had come, she had felt increasingly out of place. Now, with Father heading off to War and Brethil moving back to Dale, she would be even more in the way. Brethil was a good woman, but too efficient for Elei. It was amazing how she had set up in the ruins of Fornost, even contriving her "sitting room" where she could hold teas and greet visitors. She had taken over running Elei's father's household, leaving Elei at loose ends. Elei was only there for her to try her matchmaking efforts on. Plus, Brethil excelled at all the 'ladylike pursuits' Eleirien avoided. Elei's favorite domestic pursuit, cooking, was considered best left to servants, under Brethil's rule. The thought of food roused Elei, and she blinked angry tears from her eyes and sat up. Yes, the bundle was there on her dresser. She stood and reached for the stack of flat squares wrapped in cloth. Opening one carefully, she broke off a corner of the dried berry and nut confection and nibbled at it. 'This is better!' she sighed, 'I needed a snack.' As she rewrapped the top piece and retied a ribbon around the stack, she decided. She would leave, go to her Uncle and Aunt now, before Father was too far away. She stowed the cakes in a leather pouch, and began packing her clothes. Ten minutes later, Eleirien ran down the street toward the city square, still in the same gown, with a cloak tossed hastily over it. She headed to The Narrows, a slender alley, as a shortcut. There was only one side landing in the short block between her and the square, so she looked down the alley before she entered it. It looked clear, so she walked quickly . As she neared the landing, there was a clatter of hooves behind her. A shout rang out, "Lakh Hiru!" She sprinted for the landing, and a voice called "Jump!" Elei sprung sideways toward the landing. Then she was suddenly airborne, as a strong arm around her lifted her up in front of a man on horseback. Eleirien gasped as a stampede of horses came past her feet, which were now kicking helplessly in the air. Her rescuer reined in his horse with one hand as he tried to balance her out on the saddle in front of him. She clutched at his arm as he lifted her higher.