Note: This story is heavily influenced by Vicoma Vita , it has an extremely similar beginning and premise. However I am taking a different approach to the original idea and hope that you all will enjoy it. The Prisoner Who Became the Bard Chapter 1 Freedom The stone was cold and hard. I could smell the dried blood caking my arms as I awoke. I scratched off a few flakes as my wounds began to itch. Scratching didn't help much with several missing fingernails, it would sting quite a bit so I avoid scratching as much as possible. I blinked, my eyes attempted to adjust to the all consuming darkness, it had became my ever present companion in this place. The lice that had infested my hair itched terribly, I would scratch at them feeling the random short spots where chunks of my hair had been torn out. Goose bumps crept on my skin as the cold, motionless air crept into my flesh. There was so little flesh left on me that I was now simply bones, bones wrapped in leather. I refused to allow myself the hope of escape, I knew I would die here, but I was ok with that. Death seemed trivial now, in my past life I had often feared death, and what would await me. Now it seemed like it was only a matter of time. Whether by starvation, torture, or execution I knew I had little time left. In a way death was the one thing I looked forward too, well not the only thing. One thing was for sure, I would not break. I don't know how long I have been here but there was nothing new they could do to me. They have tortured me physically, emotionally, and mentally and I have not bent. This could all be a fever dream or reality but that doesn't matter anymore, what does matter is protecting the story. I could not allow them to know the truth, things must happen as they were meant to happen, so I told them half truths. While they can take my flesh, my hope, and my pride, they cannot take away my stories. To my faceless guard I told the truth of another story. His sword tapped gently on my door. It was an unpleasant scrapping noise, but one that I enjoy hearing. "You awake yet?" He whispered, not wanting anyone to know his secret. If the master were to find out about it he knew he would be tortured for information but he needed to know more of the story. "Yes I'm awake." The lack of water made my voice constantly hoarse and unable to sooth itself from the echoing screams and laughter. It has reached the point where I will start laughing amidst the torture. It worries me, am I becoming one of them? That's how they were originally made, from torturing Elves. "Tell me more of the dwarf and the wolf girl." His voice was a growl, evidence of his nature even without seeing his face. I knew I should hate him. His kind have been torturing me at his master's command, yet I couldn't bring myself to hate anymore. Now all I felt was emptiness. "Alright I'll tell you more of the story. Lets see, where were we?" I inquired. "You said the eldest stag was coming in on ships." Aw the Battle of Blackwater. "Yes that's right, well in preparation Tyrion had heard about a group of alchemists that were working on fire water. Do you know what fire water is?" I asked, I was never sure what he did and didn't know. It made telling the story hard, but interesting. "No, the master is working on a powder that becomes a large fire. Is it like that?" His voice while rough like grinding rocks, held excitement as he whispered. I was always surprised by how invested he was. In the story you never hear of what Orcs and Uruks are interested in beyond blood and warfare. I suppose he is to blame for my waning hatred. "It's similar but not the same. Fire water is water that when it catches fire can not be put out like regular fire. Water will not stop it, it needs to be smothered with dirt or something similar." I paused to try and wet my lips, a fruitless attempt. "Well Tyrion had been working with the alchemists to make more fire water to use when the ships arrived. But soon the battle was upon them." Slight footsteps could be heard coming down the hall. My whispering voice stopped in anticipation. Someone coming this way, so soon, it could only be one of two things. As they drew nearer I recognized those steps and sighed in relief. The gait was hobbled and awkward, so similar to the dwarf I so adored. It was my goblin, he healed me when the torture was done. His footsteps stopped right outside the door. "The master wan's her upstairs." The goblins voice was crackly like dried paper about to dissolve unto the wind, but I have known him to be relatively good company. Whenever he would visit I would ask him questions, mostly about his home and family in the mountains. He loved to talk of home and I enjoyed the little comfort he brought me with his harsh smelling salves and disgusting potions. His name was Xugag, he seemed old but that might be due to the blindness in his left eye and the heavy limp in his left leg. I asked him about it once and he said he got on the wrong side of an angry Warg so the master moved him to the craft he mastered at home, healing. It seemed odd that Orcs would have healers, I'd never heard of it before. "What for?" My guard asked. It seemed unusual that he would want me upstairs if he simply wanted to see me. He comes to my tortures often enough to know where to find me if he wants me. "Says he wan's her to show of'." Show off? To who? The image of a knight on a white horse breezed through my mind. I laughed heartily. My laugh caused a pause in their discussion. "An' what, you suppos' to carry her?" I heard the goblin give a scoff. "What you say'in I can't?" The guard gave a laugh. "You'd have her head bangin on the walls each step up. I'll carry her, I don' think the master wants her dead." My mind raced, was I really going outside of this cell? Somewhere new? "Fine you can carry her, the mas'er wan's her patch'd up a bit firs'. Makes no sense to bring 'er up to die of fester'in." No more was said as the clinking of the keys filled the silence. The door creaked open allowing Xugag to enter. I could never say his name, it was to harsh and my throat was often to sore. Yet on occasion he would teach me a few words in Black Speech. He stepped in, his white as death skin had frightened me at first but now I found it a comfort. Sometimes when I'm really badly injured I swear I can see him glowing. His good eye spotted me leaning against the wall to the right of the door. The black, rancid smelling bag was set down next to me with great care. He kept all of the strange herbs and concoctions he would use to mend my wounds in there. His hands were cold, like a fish, but I preferred it to the fiery hands of my torturer. He grasped my arm pulling it up to smear salve on the new engravings imbedded into my skin. I had asked him what the carvings that littered my body said once, he had frowned and stated that it was the name of my torturer in the different dialects of the Orcs. My wounds were relatively benign compared to some in the past, so it was quick work before Xugag called in the guard. I hadn't left this room in so long. The thrill of leaving had my heart racing. I knew I was probably being taken to my death, but I would be leaving this cell, and that was enough. For the first time I saw my guard. It took me some time to realize the same Uruk guarded my cell. I often wondered if he slept there. I never heard him leave, not even to take a piss. Now that I had a good look at him I know that he is an Uruk, he always sounded different from my goblin and torturer and he said he was born here but I've never had a look at him. He was huge for one thing, but that could be due to me sitting on the floor. Xugag looked like a child compared to him, but as far as I can tell Xugag is shorter than me. I've just never been able to stand when he comes to visit. My guard looked at me for the first time as well. I couldn't tell if he felt anything, the only noticeable change were his eyebrows drawing together. He scooped me up bridal style and in such a way that caused me to give out a cry in pain. I don't know what he thought of this but he didn't say anything as he followed Xugag out of the belly of Hell. I'm not sure how much time passed, but the rhythmic pain his steps caused me began to sooth me into a doze. I found myself staring at his face. Since he was an Uruk he wasn't nearly as ugly as the Orcs or Goblins. Due to his master's breeding he had more mannish features. His brow was still deeper than any normal humans, and his extended jaw that showed his yellowing fangs was disturbing but still a more familiar sight than my torturer's face of Xugag's more insect like features. While his skin had the tough texture of an Orcs the color was closer to a humans, however it was more of a burnt brown than any human's skin I have ever seen. I had been telling him stories for who knows how long and only now, when I was being taken to my doom would I see him. I felt sad knowing that he would never know the end, but I also didn't know the end, hell I haven't even read the books. It made me sad to realize that the story would die with me. My guard would probably die in battle or the flood so no one would ever hear it again. They would also never know what I did to protect them, but I was ok with that. It was better that I die unknown than live and be hated for bringing about the destruction of their world. I stirred from my doze as we stopped so Xugag could open a door. Light entered the dark and I found myself hissing and turning my eyes away. The guards armor smelled awful, like smoke and spoiled meat but at the moment it was better than the blinding light. We began moving again as Xugag led us up more stairs. There were windows here, and it took me some time to adjust so I could see the outdoors for the first time. The trees and grass that I remember seeing before I was thrown into the belly were now gone, replaced by ash and smoke. Towers as tall as the trees and made by the same wood stood in their place, but they served a very different purpose. Orcs and Uruks could be seen walking about. Small dark figures, in a large ashen plain. I stared for a while, I quickly realized that the sun was bolted out by thick black clouds yet the shadow of the sun