Lost in Mirkwood Chapter 1 A feeling of warmth consumed me. I could feel it bating at my face. Opening my eyes I could see the sunlight peeking through the tree's leaves above me. The sight made me smile till I realized I was sweating as I tried to remember how I got here. As I sat up several leaves feel out of my hair my body feeling stiff like I hadn't moved in ages. Looking down at myself I was confused as to why I was wearing a wool coat on such a warm summer day. Attempting to take it of I realized I was holding my violin case that I knew held my violin. My confusion grew as I peeled of the coat to reveal jeans, a turtleneck sweater and thick waterproof boots. Panic began flooding me as I tried to remember how I got here or even where I was. Squeezing my head in an attempt to make myself remember a woman's laughing face crossed my mind she was older than me and the image did nothing to alleviate my confusion. Growing angry at my inability to remember I quickly stand up and begin storming off in a random direction. Quickly finding a large rock I slump down on it frustrated as I start picking up and throwing any rocks or sticks that I can get my hands on. Not sure how long I sat there fuming I began to calm down and returned to grab my stuff not too far away. Looking under my turtleneck I could see that I was wearing a thin tank top underneath. Grateful to take of the thick sweater I gathered up my stuff and began observing my surroundings. I was obviously in some kind of forest conifer and pines were everywhere I couldn't identify what kind of trees they were but I couldn't see any sign of a path that would lead me to a road or if I was in a nature preserve the center where you check in. There was a huge cliff that was behind me it was at least four if not five stories. It seemed to be part of a mountain range that loomed above me. Turning so my back was to the cliff I began walking hoping I would run into a trail or a road. Walking down the sloping landscape I wondered how I got there and why. The trees passed me by as I avoided the occasional spider web as I began observing the forest. People always seem to forget just how many bugs there are in the forest. If anyone was to take a good look at the ground they would find several bugs crawling about going about their buggy business. My legs began to grow tired as the sun started to sink into the horizon. Not wanting to wander at night I turned around and headed towards the cliff. Reaching the base of the cliff I began walking next to it hoping to find some form of shelter. By the time night blanketed the forest in darkness I was able to find a dip in the side of the cliff. It was nowhere near a cave but it sloped into the cliff enough to give some protection I could stand in it if I craned my neck and it could fit a small car if you crushed it. Sitting underneath it I wondered how long it would take someone to find me. Wolves were howling as I smashed myself deeper into the jagged rock of the cliff. I laid out my coat in an attempt to make a bed. As I laid down on it something in one of the pockets was poking me in the ribs. Pulling the offending instrument out I realized it was a Swiss army knife it was difficult to see in the dark but there was a clear engraving that said to Ali from grandpa in a pretty swirling script. An image of an elderly man with spectacles and sparse gray hair came to mind as I read it. Flipping it open I observed all the little tools attached. Laying back down I wondered about my grandpa, what was he like? I don't know when I feel asleep but I woke up to the morning sunlight blinding me. Groaning I wanted to roll over and go back to sleep but I knew I shouldn't so I forced myself to get up. Once standing I tried to stretch my back that was sore from the hard ground and all I wanted was a bathroom to clean up in. It looked to be a little after sunrise and was a little cooler as I gathered all of my things. I made sure to shake my coat out to get rid of anything that may have crawled in it while I slept, I did the same thing with my sweater that I used as a pillow. Getting out of my alcove I decided to try a different direction and turned to my left to begin walking. The birds were singing softly as I began trudging through the forest. There really wasn't a slope but the farther I got the thicker the grass got as the trees started to thin out. A light sound of water hit my ears as I found a good sized stream flowing as thirst hit me. Kneeling next to the water I used my hands as a bowl and began to drink not even sure when I had something to drink. It tasted earthy but I was too thirsty to care. Quenching my thirst I stood back up and brushed the dirt off my pants. I wondered whether I should continue in this direction or follow the stream down the slope. If the stream leads to larger water I'll have a better chance at finding someone since lakes and rivers tend to attract people. Deciding to head down stream I turn and follow it listening to the calming sound of the water while the birds began to sing louder and more often as the sun went higher into the sky. Watching the trees pass by was soothing until my stomach growled I rubbed it as if that would somehow comfort it as I wondered when I ate last. It has at least been well over a day since I last ate and I wont last long if I'm not able to find people or food. The stream started to grow wider as the trees started to move farther away from the stream. I could just make out an open area ahead before I reached the river. When I reached the river the stream had spread out more and had a little pool it went into that was attached to the river. Looking around the river I couldn't see any sign of human life but that didn't deter me. Heading down stream would hopefully lead me to a human settlement so I began walking near the edge of the river but being careful to stay away from lose soil so I don't fall in. The river seemed so calm as I walked along the river hoping for some sign of civilization. My body began to grow more and more tired as the sun slowly moved across the sky. With how tired I was I wondered whether or not I should turn back or keep going. Even with how tired I am I need to find someone I'll walk all night if I have too. Adjusting my violin I continued on my path down the river. As darkness fell I began to feel less confident with every passing second. A chill filled the air as a crescent moon arose and the stars shone brightly. Slipping on my sweater and coat so I don't have to carry it anymore and also to keep out the strange chill. It was easy to tune out the sounds of the animals and moving trees till I was suddenly filled with a sense of unease as I noticed that the animal noises stopped. A sense of dread filled me as I scrambled into the nearest tree I could climb. Climbing as high as the branches would allow I looked down wondering why I came up here feeling a little foolish at my own skittishness as I saw movement bellow. It moved quickly and was entirely black and seemed utterly unnatural as it moved without a sound. There was a thick silence as it moved bellow me the fear that it would discover me was causing me to grip the branches of the trees tightly unsure of what it was. Watching it the moons light began to break through the trees giving small hints to the thin furry legs and strange body that seemed to be close to the size of a pony. Keeping as quite as possible I continued to sit in the tree well after it had moved on and the forest began to speak once again. Exhaustion lowered my guard as I reluctantly feel asleep. The sound of bird song woke me up as my body screamed in anger at me for sleeping in a tree. Feeling absolutely terrible I cracked my eyes open to see the sun rising and annoyed birds flying about. Groaning in pain I made my way down the tree forcing my stiff legs and arms to work as I landed on the ground none to gracefully. Standing up I scanned the area and noticed there was no sign of the creature that had prowled the area the night before. Recalling the creepy thing I looked for foot prints or anything but couldn't find anything. Hunger stabbed at me hard along with my dry mouth as I turned around and walked up river where I knew the stream would be. I still hadn't found a single sign of human life and with what I saw last night I wondered if there was any in where ever I was. Reaching the stream at noon I kneeled to take a drink from the still water of the pool between the stream and the river when I noticed movement. Watching closely I could see a fin poke out as a fish moved through the water. The idea of eating fish filled me with determination as I watched its movements as I went to stand between the pool and the river. Watching it I lowered my hands and followed its movements till I got the courage to reach in. Feeling me grasp it the fish thrashed violently with all its muscles trying to escape. Its fins scratched my hands painfully as I through it onto the ground. The fish flopped about trying to get back into the water. Not allowing it to escape I stood on its tail as I grabbed a near by stick and cleaned it off as best I could in the murky water. Content at how clean the stick was I took a pause as I tried to think of how to do this and kill it quickly so it wouldn't suffer. Deciding on the quickest route I shoved the stick violently through its mouth and into its body as it stopped its struggling as it died. Now with the fish on a stick I realized I needed to cook it. Holding the fish in one hand I began gathering small dry sticks. Walking up stream I found what I recognized as the area I came out of yesterday and walked back into the forest till I found my little alcove from earlier. Setting the sticks down I grabbed some leaves and made a pile under my alcove as I stuck the fish on a stick into the ground as I searched for flint. I pulled out my Swiss army knife and began scraping the metal of the can opener against different rocks looking for sparks it took me well over an hour before I