Title : Foul is fair, chapter one: The wrong way is the right way Author : MistofStars Pairing : Legolas/Aragorn Rating : T Author's note: Okay, this has almost nothing to do with the books- it's really just about an idea I've had while watching the second movie. I'd recommend to read the prequels to this, too, because it's then growing into a nice "long" story, but you can also read this as a stand alone. Text written in this "..." means spoken in elfish language, text written in this "#...#" means thoughts! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters, this is all just a beautiful lie. I don't make money with this. Comments: Appreciated The wrong way is the right way, Part 1 It was the night Aragorn decided to reveal himself to the world for the first time. Now the moment had finally come in which he had the chance to challenge the great enemy Sauron. He had waited such a long time hidden in the dark shadows, had lived so many years in dangers and fears. The Palantir shone with a dim light in his hand. The globe felt cold and heavy, but suddenly it warmed up and its weight changed every time Aragorn's will swayed. A little orange light spread itself in the Palantir and no second later He was there- Aragorn could hear His voice inside of his head, speaking as clearly and as sharply as a razor. The man felt his heart quickening its pace and bravery grew inside of him. The test was just beginning... (...) He saw Arwen's pale face. Her body lied on a bench, motionless. Hurt filled his heart. Some voice told him what he had feared already: Arwen was dead. Aragorn stepped back as if he had been beaten by some invisible power and the Palantir fell to the floor. The lights in it died all at once. Then Aragorn felt something falling out of his shirtsleeve. The Evenstar fell to the ground and cracked into thousands of tiny pieces. (...) Confused and deeply moved Aragorn walked out of the hall. He had no real aim he was heading to; he just strolled around in the palace, trying to clear all the strange and bewildering thoughts in his head. His heart was filled up with grieve and desperation and endless questions. Had Arwen really passed away? Was the destruction of the Evenstar a sign for that... or did it mean something else? Could it mean- Aragorn stopped suddenly and didn't dare to think this thought. But his heart told him nonetheless that it also could have been an indication that... Arwen had been replaced. No, he did not want to think that way. It wasn't that easy. His love had always been true and honourable. The female elf was still an important person to him. And if she had really died... What was he supposed to do now? At once he noticed he had walked unknowingly to a deserted balcony, and the moonlight seduced him in its silver beauty to step outside and request the stars for advice. When his footsteps had brought him to the marbled railing he realized he was not alone. A small smile appeared on his lips. He could recognize this familiar scent everywhere and at any time. A gentle hand touched his shoulder in such a comforting way that Aragorn had to sigh heavily. "What bothers you?", Legolas asked quietly. Slowly Aragorn turned around to face him. He didn't have the strength for conversation. Shock and serious concern reached the elf's beautiful face. Aragorn hadn't noticed the tears he had cried until Legolas wiped them tenderly away. Aragorn tried to smile, but he failed. One single question hammered in his head. Why in all the world was Legolas, he of all people, right now here by his side? Was this fate that the elf had come to him in this moment of hopelessness and bitter sorrow? Legolas' fingers touched his chest gently. "Where is the Evenstar?" Aragorn turned away. "It's broken in two." His voice was nothing more but a hoarse, rough whisper that was filled with unhidden pain. He could not take its sound and it caused even more agony to Legolas to hear the man he loved in such a heartbreaking tone. Rapidly Aragorn left, and in doing so he left an astonished and confused Legolas behind to find some peace in his own chamber. (...) It must have been circa three hours after midnight when Legolas sensed someone walking on the floor. The moon had already progressed in its cycle and everything was very quiet in the white palace of the Kings. A soft knock rang out. "Come in", Legolas said in normal loudness, but it sounded awfully roaring when it cut through the former silence. He had already guessed who was coming in, but when he saw Aragorn's sorry face he was still a bit surprised. Aragorn shut the door carefully and leaned against it, keeping a certain distance between him and the elf. "Can I stay?", he asked quietly and his eyes were sending Legolas a dozen of emotions and longings. His mouth felt dry all at once and his heart pumped faster. Instead of answering he shifted a bit and made place for Aragorn on his bed. He watched every of Aragorn's movements thoughtfully and soon they lied on Legolas' bed side by side, looking into the other man's face mutely. Although they were lying in one bed, being madly in love with each other and all alone, there was no need to touch or to speak a word. Their love was far beyond such little pleasures. It was a greater understanding of each other, a greater commitment that couldn't be expressed in words. Their eyes were fixed upon each other's and Aragorn's fingers searched blindly for Legolas' hand. When he found it their fingers intertwined carefully and Legolas moved closer. Their foreheads were almost touching. Legolas enjoyed the sound of Aragorn's soft and rhythmical breaths that always lingered on his lips for a while and that carried warmth and desire. They were both so near to losing themselves in each other, but they also knew ways to temper themselves. They had learned it for so long now, day by day. There had been so few options to be together. Too few. "Is Arwen dead?", Legolas asked finally in a whisper. He had guessed that something must have been wrong as soon as Aragorn had told him the Evenstar had broken into pieces. Aragorn shut his eyes and leaned his forehead against Legolas'. He heaved a sigh. "I do not know." He felt completely torn in two. On one side there were his duties and his worries about Arwen. And on the other hand there was Legolas and their strong but also fragile and hopeless love for each other. He knew what he wanted. He just didn't know if he had the right to claim it. He looked up straight into Legolas' eyes. It appeared to him that Legolas understood and knew his thoughts without one word being spoken. A compassionate sad smile crawled onto Legolas' mouth. Aragorn felt tears searching for an escape. Desperation came over him. "I don't know what to do." He said with a suffocated voice and no moment later Legolas held him firmly in his arms. And being wrapped in this emphatic safety Aragorn couldn't help but letting out the misery he felt; more and more sobs came out of his mouth and his whole body was shivering in cruel torment. His fingers captured Legolas' unbraided soft hair and got lost in it. There was such vulnerability, plain to see and to feel for the both of them. Legolas pulled the crying men closer to his chest and hid his forehead on Aragorn's shoulder. Sadly he had to confess to himself that he also didn't know what to do. It seemed like there wouldn't be an easy way for them. In this night they had sworn true love to each other. They had confirmed their promises with thousands of kisses and touches. The trembling exited sighs which escaped Legolas' soft mouth were just another confirmation of the elf's feelings for Aragorn. They had filled Aragorn's heart with comfort and bliss. Both of them knew that the next morning could bring death over them because Aragorn had plans to ride to the Black Gate to challenge Sauron one last time. This night could have been the last and so it was full of desperation, hopes and love. A lot of tears and laughers and caresses had been shared and soon Aragorn had been so exhausted that he had fallen asleep in the elf's arms. Legolas had smiled and had guarded Aragorn's sleep the whole night long. Now morning's light came over them and it didn't take long until Aragorn sighed and opened his eyes. A tired smile and some yawning escaped his mouth. Legolas smiled back at him and kissed his forehead gently. This last night had been the most intimate night they had experienced so far. There was pure trust and love that helped them both to survive the coming day. "Good morrow", Aragorn mumbled and then he tried to keep his eyes open. "I had a strange feeling tonight." Legolas said quietly. Aragorn gave him an uneasy and concerned look. "While you were asleep and while I held you in my arms I heard a message in my head, again and again." He paused for a moment, thinking about the received words. "What message?" Aragorn whispered. Legolas smiled carefully at him. "I cried when we kissed for the first time. I shall smile when we'll kiss the last time." Playfully Aragorn touched Legolas' lips with his thumb and traced their contour tenderly. "What is that supposed to mean?" Legolas shrugged. "I don't know. It's just a feeling." (...) The last battle had been fought. They had survived. War was finally over and spring came back to Gondor to reveal a peaceful and beautiful landscape; and the future king returned to Minas Tirith to be crowned. Everything was perfect again, but it couldn't have been worse for Legolas. Arwen had come to Gondor. She was alive. And she was getting married to Aragorn- tomorrow. The elf knew his desperate feelings were selfish and childish, but it was so hard to forget somebody one truly loved with all one's mind and heart. It was too much to take. In all his life he hadn't felt so miserable. He lay on a bench in one of the palace's gardens and watched the boughs of the tree above him. Since the news had arrived Minas Tirith and since he and Aragorn had been informed about Arwen's coming Legolas had felt sick and really weak. He didn't want to eat or to speak. All he could do was thinking about Aragorn. The man had left him all alone in his sorrow. "#Elves can die of a broken heart#" Legolas sighed about his own thought. What was he supposed to do now? There seemed to be nothing he could do. He observed the oval green leaves above that waved in the soft wind which was blowing. It could not blow away his pain. Again he sighed. This was going nowhere. And it wasn't ending. Slowly he sat up and looked around in the garden. No one was in sight, he was all alone. Everyone was probably busy with preparing things for the crowning ceremony and the wedding. Legolas felt tired. He had never felt so tired and exhausted in all his life. Hesitatingly he walked to his own chamber and closed the door behind himself. All he wanted was being alone and getting some rest. ... The moon shone brightly into the elf's chamber and the unclouded sky showed a million silvery stars. Legolas lay there on his bed, dwelling in his cruel heartache. His body was completely motionless