Twilight - (Edwards Point of View) - Chapter One This weekend had been particularly dull. We had just returned from our game of baseball and while the others discussed, bickered and fought over each score, I wondered what the point was. We were dead, forever unchanging. I couldn't see a reason for our existence but I continued with the human role play each day for them - my family. I kept my bitter thoughts and misery contained on this dreaded Sunday night, I stayed hidden in my room reading one of Carlisle's newly discovered 16th century novels. Sometime during the night I lowered my book and watched the night grow steadily darker until the stars appeared, this was how I usually ended the day. Today was Monday, the start to another week. Another week that I would drift through lessons I didn't need, another week I would block the senseless babble out of my already depressing thoughts, another week I wished I were able to sleep as to avoid the mind numbingly boring repeativeness this life had bought upon me. In the car on the way to Forks High School it was a quiet ride per usual. Alice was staring into the rear-view mirror at her husbands pitch black eyes, thinking about how this weekend we would have to hunt, in order to keep Jaspers self control for human blood under control. We weren't like others of our kind, we didn't want to be the monsters we were created to be instead we rebelled against it - drinking from only animals. Our last hunting trip had been ten days ago and this was not a fairly long period to go without blood. However, resisting was harder for Jasper than it was for the rest of us, he hadn't had as long to adjust to our ways and his previous companions did not follow our vegetarian diet. Rosalie was admiring her beauty from the reflection of the car window, she enjoyed that the male species at school worshiped the ground she walked on. Rosalie's head always remained focused on herself, no deep thoughts entertained her mind so I strayed from it as much as I could. Her soul mate and husband Emmett sat next to her, his mind on last night. He'd lost the battle of chess with Jasper, and was planning a rematch for later. Turning into our regular spot, switching the engine off and stepping out the car into the never ending rain, a wave of thoughts hit me once again just like every single other day. Sophie Jane, huddled in her simple black raincoat, strode past us in a hurry to get out of the drizzle. Her mind fixated on coming up with an excuse for not doing her homework. My dog ate it? Dropped it in a puddle? No come on, think of better excuses! Mike Newton was lent against the wall next to the stairs, his vulgar eyes watching every female who walked past while Britney Smith pulled into the Forks High parking lot her mind panicking as the bell rung out. Making our way up the wet stairs we parted going our separate ways. Alice and I were playing the younger roles whereas Jasper, Rosalie and Emmett were seniors. They would leave in a few months. As expected in each class the teacher droned on about past presidents and historic romance novels. Each class held nothing that I didn't already know. I dropped my guard while walking to the café at lunch, just to do a routine check for suspicions of our kind. Not that there had been many over the last few years, but some imaginations did tend to wonder when looking at us - usually from a distance. We never let a person confirm their theory of course, we were perfectionists in the disappearing act. She seems quiet…nothing special so why is everyone staring at her? Well I hope she doesn't mind sharing attention …with me of course… Ah, the thoughts of Jessica Stanley on the new petty drama of the addition to this already miniature school. I could see her now on the way to the cafeteria with another small brunette. The new arrival. Chief of Police Charlie Swan's daughter Isabella Swan, had recently moved to this town of constant rain and clouds. All the boys were imaging being in love with the new girl just because she was something new to look at. I had seen the same pale face repeated throughout the day from various view points. And Isabella Swan was no more special than the rest of the female population that surrounded her. Joining the others at our regular table in the corner with our tray of props, I sat down grateful that Alice had already provided my tray of food, meaning I got to avoid the slow food queue. My sister was currently looking out for Jaspers future who was in turn letting his imagination get the better of him, his mind pictured him getting up out of his seat next to Alice, to walk over and join the group of humans on the table to our left. He would sit down using his 'talent' to calm the surprised children, then perhaps lean forward to whisper something into Shelby Murray's ear. Feeling her pulse under his lips, letting his teeth sink into her skin… I kicked his chair breaking him from the bloodlust he was serving under. Sorry… He hung his head in shame as his thoughts became coloured with chagrin. Swallowing back the new excessive flow of venom in my mouth that his fantasy had brought, I looked away. I'd had years of practise of not lunging every time I smelt the blood rushing through human veins. I still had trouble focusing on occasion and feeling Jasper's want, doubled my own. Double desire and twice the work of resistance. I didn't want his apologies. We should just accept his lack of resistance. It was becoming more risky with each passing day, leaving it the foolish way we did. And Rosalie would be pissed if we had to move again. "Its okay Jasper, nothing would of happened." Alice touched his arm in comfort. Even though they weren't as flashy in public about their relationship as Em and Rose were, they still knew each other profoundly. So Alice understood that when Jasper looked away, he didn't want her reassurance. Edward, watch him. Alice thought but giving a small sigh, she got up with her tray, dumped the uneaten food in the nearest bin and walked out of the cafeteria without a backwards glance. Ha! Didn't take her long to notice the Cullen's… Automatically my head turned towards the thought and my eyes landed on Jessica Stanley. My sight then shifted and I suddenly got lost in the large chocolate brown eyes of the face belonging to Isabella Swan, so far I remembered she had corrected everyone to call her Bella. The girl dropped her head quickly as she caught me looking at her. It was the first time I had seen her with my own eyes. Watching her now Isabella had her shoulders hunched over, uncomfortable at being surrounded by several curious strangers and her long wavy hair, the same colour that matched her eyes had been swept over the girls shoulders as to provide protection of some sort. From this stance I concluded that Isabella was shy unlike the people around her. She's not even pretty…don't get why everyone's so obsessed with her…Mike, Eric. She's even got Edward Cullen's attention… Jessica's bitter thoughts ran through my head, her face portraying the opposite with a smile. My brow creased slightly. Jessica was clearly a skilled actress when it came to friendship. Looking back at the new girl, I felt the strangest urge to go up and protect her somehow from the hostile thoughts of her new companion. "Jessica Stanley is telling the new comer all the dirty gossip on the Cullen clan." I said to Jasper looking back towards our table. Rosalie internally rolled her eyes. "And the reaction?" Jaspers thoughts vigilant. I focused on the area around Jessica expecting to hear insults and shock. Instead I heard…nothing. Well that wasn't right. I didn't need to look over to know that the girl had not moved, Jessica's voice still carried across the cafeteria "…and Jasper and Alice, I mean. And they live together." I tried again focusing on only where the new girl sat but still…nothing at all. It was like the chair was empty. Isabella's voice however was quiet but crystal clear as she inquired to which of us were Hale and Cullen. I would have worried that it was my ability that was faulty, nevertheless the other several hundred voices swirled around chaotically in my head. 259 calories in this one little bar, that's ridiculous… Why is her hair perfect? How does she get it so straight and in this rain! Oh damn not again, these silly shoelaces… … can not wait to get home and finish my game of COD. But where were the girls thoughts? With Jessica still rattling on about our family, I looked over at Isabella and caught her peeking at us over her shoulder. I'd had many years of observing and understanding humans, how they reacted to each different emotion was always somehow portrayed in their actions or facial expression. And those deep chocolate orbs spilled the secrets I could not hear from her mind. Interest as Jessica had told the adoption story. Curiosity as her eyes flickered observantly between us. And her drop of the head and newly red stained cheeks was embarrassment to be caught looking at strangers. I looked away, suddenly annoyed. I would find some other way to her thoughts and when I did they would be just as petty and immature as the others that surrounded her. Realising that my family were still waiting for a reply to Jasper's question, I shrugged. No one questioned my actions. They weren't interested enough. However my few quick looks had obviously provoked something in the new girl to question Jessica as to single me out and ask who I was. Jessica's reply was typical. Oh dream on! "That's Edward. He's gorgeous of course but don't waste your time. He doesn't date. Apparently none of the girls here are good-looking enough for him." She said, picturing her old fantasies that I did not miss. Me coming up from behind, wrapping my arms around her waist and dipping in to kiss her on the neck. It made me half smile at what she would say if she really knew what my mouth was capable of. Uh what is he smiling about? Freak. Rose thought drawing my attention back towards our table. "Come on lets go, we don't want to ruin the perfect Cullen charade with lateness." Emmett chuckled, pushing up from the table and taking Rosalie's hand. Jasper and I followed after them silently. The untouched food lay forgotten on the trays. Biology was my next class, taught by a man who could put nothing new in his lessons, aside from copied paragraphs taken from dated textbooks and tapes that were clearly outdated in there scientific knowledge. The only decent benefactor during this class was the table I had to myself. That was until Angela Weber walked into the room with Isabella Swan. Oh yes… thought most of the dim witted male species as she entered the room with her head down. The only available seat for the new comer was on my right. Bella (remembering her preferred name) looked up at that moment, most likely to view her surroundings, humans felt more at ease understanding there environment, but instead caught eye contact with me and in embarrassment looked away suddenly. Well this should be entertaining at least. For me. The girl, Bella however would be uncomfortable. Her unconscious mind would tell her to create distance between us. But maybe close proximity