Disclaimer: I don't own these characters, they belong to Suzanne Collins and whoever else has publishing rights. Citations (ish): This is an alternate version of Catching Fire. Some dialogue from the original Catching Fire will be utilized. This was originally written for a prompt on nightlock, but several thousand words later, it was just completely out of hand. Here's the prompt: She heard the music, first. It was the music that made her realise she was truly home. Convince Me "This has to stop. Right now. This – this – game you two play, where you tell each other secrets but keep them from me like I'm too inconsequential or stupid or weak to handle them." "It's not like that, Peeta –" I begin. "It's exactly like that!" he yells at me. "I have people I care about, too, Katniss! Family and friends back in District Twelve who will be just as dead as yours if we don't pull this thing off. So, after all we went through in the arena, don't I even rate the truth from you?" "You're always so reliably good, Peeta," says Haymitch. "So smart about how your present yourself before the cameras. I didn't want to disrupt that." "Well, you overestimated me. Because I really screwed up today. What do you think is going to happen to Rue's and Thresh's families? Do you think they'll get their share of our winnings? Do you think I gave them a bright future? Because I think they'll be lucky if they survive the day!" Peeta sends something else flying, a statute. I've never seen him like this. "He's right, Haymitch," I say. "We were wrong not to tell him. Even back in the Capitol." - Catching Fire, Chapter 5 A man is dead because of me. Thresh and Rue's families might be dead because of me. I think of Rue and how she helped me through the games – and I failed her utterly. I haven't just gotten her killed, I've gotten her whole family in trouble too. Will this never end? Every day there is a new fear, a new impossible task. At first in District 12, it was survive. Hope the odds are in your favor. The Hunger Games are over but Haymitch's words come back to haunt me. It's not just this trip. I will never be out of the Games. I will never stop being the Capitol's pawn. I push the food around on my plate, unable to actually lift it to my mouth. The Justice Building Hall is bright and festive. The food is an interesting mix of greens, which I expected from the agricultural district. The salad even has flowers in it. The mood at the dinner seems a little forced but lighter, probably because only the District's better-off citizens are in attendance. It does nothing to help my mood. I watch the dancers – they are all so skinny, much like the people in the Seam. District 11 and 12 are the poorest districts in Panem. Is it any wonder they would take any chance to end the never ending hardship. They wouldn't last though. For all their numbers here, the Peacekeepers have weapons. What chance do a bunch of farmers have against trained soldiers with guns? It is so easy to see what will happen. They attack. The Peacekeepers fight back. Lives are lost. Best case they take down the Peacekeepers. The Capitol will just send in more Peacekeepers. If they still won't submit, the Capitol will send in hovercrafts to burn the place to the ground, just like District 13. Sure there'll be less fruits and vegetables for a while, but the Capitol will get by on the fish from District 4, grain from District 9, and livestock from District 10. But District 11? Gone. Peeta's hand on mine breaks me out of my reverie. "Try this," he says. He lifts a fork with a strawberry and bit of cream on it. "The strawberries are so much bigger than the ones we have back home." I mentally kick myself. We are supposed to be in love and I've spent too much time staring. My lips close over the strawberry. It's divine, but it is like swallowing a rock. I put on the most adoring smile I can manage. "Thank you for taking care of me," I say, running my fingers through his blonde hair. It's obscenely soft now – his prep team has had his hair swimming in conditioner, likely. "I can think of five different pastries to make with this stuff," Peeta notes. "Wish I could bring some home." "You like cooking, Peeta?" the mayor asks kindly. "Not so much, I like baking a lot more. Baker's boy," Peeta replies charmingly. "You are very lucky then, Katniss," the mayor says. "You'll be in cakes and pastries the rest of your life!" "Even now he keeps trying to feed me. I'd probably spend all my time trying not to put on a hundred pounds." They laugh. Well Haymitch gives a sort of snort, but I think he is pleased. I am on the right track. "Well when children enter the picture, you'll have nothing to worry about! With two athletic creatures like you as parents! Why you'll spend all your time running," the mayor's wife says. Children were never going to happen. The marriage might, but children, never. "Oh yes, just remember Seeder's children!" someone else comments. "Seeder?" I ask. "One of the District 11 victors," Haymitch explains. "How is the old nag?" he asks the mayor. "And Chaff, too." "Seeder had some business to attend to and Chaff – well, Chaff's probably drunk and passed out somewhere," the mayor replies. People laugh. I remember Chaff – a District 11 victor who was a friend of Haymitch's. There is a lot of footage of them passing a bottle every year. District 11 doesn't have a lot of victors; I suppose that's how Haymitch got to know these two well. I can't help but wonder why their victors weren't here though. Surely they are important people in District 11 society. We make our way back to the train after the ceremonies in District 11. Effie reminds us of our schedule for the next day before sending us to bed. "It's a bit of travel until 10, so we'll be able to sleep late. Octavia, Flavius, Venia – you can use the day to work on Katniss!" "What?" I ask. "What kind of work?" I've already been put through a full body polish and I've been waxed, tweezed, and threaded. Saving surgery, which Haymitch thankfully protested, I don't know what more they can do with me. My prep team are all nodding at Effie knowingly. "Don't you worry honey, we've got you," Venia says, putting an arm around me. "Maybe botox?" she looks at Cinna and Haymitch hopefully. I don't know what that is, but I know I don't want it. "Oh that would be lovely," Octavia agrees. "It'll bring back some fullness into your face!" My prep team prattles on with some input from Peeta's prep team. I notice Peeta and Haymitch use the distraction to sneak away to the dining car. In a few minutes, their soft conversation is drowned out by the sound of a whirring blender. I'm sure it was Haymitch's idea. Smart way not to be overheard. I wonder what they're talking about. "But what about the rest of her?" Venia's hands suddenly measuring my waist jolt me back into the conversation. "We may have to take her dresses in a little. They're already hanging lose. Do stop dieting, Katniss. You must maintain your measurements. Think of all your lovely clothes, they'll be falling off you!" "Do we have Botox here?" Flavius asks. "We can put it in by tonight and her face'll be able to move by the time we reach District 10." My prep team turns to Cinna for the final decision. "I think a good night's sleep will do," he says calmly. Fat chance. I haven't had a full night's sleep since the games. "That's a little difficult to get these days," I say. "I have something that will help you with that, Katniss," Effie says kindly. She puts a bottle of pills into my hand. "Just one, mind you. It'll put you right to sleep." Octavia goes to my room long enough to help me unhook the back of my dress and leaves. I'm tired. I am so tired. This day has stretched on for what seems like an eternity. Starting the tour and heading to the Capitol – even though this time the train isn't leading me to a violent battle to the death, my traitorous brain keeps making the connection. The littlest things set my heart racing. Seeing Rue and Thresh's families, seeing the old man murdered – nothing good comes from getting off this train. I try to remind myself this is a Victory Tour not an extension of the games. It's silly to be afraid of being in a train. My Hunger Games are over. I survived. Of course my darker thoughts may be justified in the end. Who knows if I'll get out of this Victory Tour alive? I notice the guards policing the halls more now. I am sure it is because Peeta, Haymitch and I sneaked off to talk earlier. I finish getting ready for bed, scrubbing out every inch of the Capitol until I finally see the District 12 girl in the mirror. I brush and braid my hair to keep my fingers occupied. There's something therapeutic about the motion. Divide it into three, over, under, over, under. A knock on my door interrupts. It's Peeta. He's barefoot, wearing pajamas with a robe haphazardly thrown on over. "Can I come in?" The light from outside catches his hair that has finally escaped the styling and gels that Portia and the rest of his prep team use. He looks impossibly young, every inch of sixteen. Handsome, I decide. Not in the same way Gale is, but handsome. "Yeah." I scoot over to make room for him on the bed. "I wanted to apologize for yelling at you," he starts. I put out a hand to stop him. "You already did," I say. "Forget about it. You don't have to apologize again." Peeta is staring down. "I've been thinking about what you said. Haven't been able to stop thinking." "You and me both." "Being in love isn't going to work," He says slowly. "The berries showed the districts you could go against the Capitol. It was a trigger, not a cause." I jump up in alarm. "Come here," I tell him thinking fast. I'm fairly sure this place is bugged. Peeta looks at me questioningly, but follows. "Want to do something fun?" I push his robe off, take his hand and pull him towards the bathroom. "Now?" He trails after me looking confused. I smile at him. "Close your eyes." He obeys but still looks lost. "Katniss, what's going on?" I close the bathroom door behind me and quickly strip out of my nightgown. "Take your shirt off. But keep your eyes closed." "What?" Peeta chokes out, but mercifully keeps his eyes closed. "Trust me." I'm uncomfortable enough as it is. Hurry up Peeta, I try to tell him mentally. Let's get this over with. We can't get off the train and I'm pretty sure everything's bugged. I step into the shower, turn it on and pull a now shirtless Peeta in behind me. "Okay, open your eyes." Peeta's eyes snap open. He goggles at me. "Katniss-" "It's the best way we can talk freely," I tell him hurriedly. "Eyes on my face!" I snap. "This isn't... this isn't… well you know!" I stammer out. He seems to be barely containing laughter. Ugh. "Sometimes I forget how… pure you are." "Pure? I am not!" I say. "You couldn't look at me naked in the arena, even