Hermione was certain that this would be her end, left to the mercy of death eaters, which would be non-existent. Maybe they would let her live if she was a pureblood, but muggleborns had no place in their world. An ironic world where the son of a muggle was their leader. It wasn't worth being sad about, after all, she wasn't the one in control. If only Harry had won. "Hermione." A voice whispered from outside her cell. A white blond boy stood with her beaded bag and wand in hand, a sad look on his face. "You have to stop them." "How?" Hermione asked, rushing forward to feel his skin under her fingertips. "You know the prophecy. It's all over." "Snape found a way to send you back." Draco whispered, reaching past the bars to cup Hermione's face. He thrust the wand and bag into her hands, a tear falling down his face. "Go live in a world where you can be happy. Back before any of this started." "In a world without you?" She asked, tears falling down her cheeks. "I can't do that." She breathed, her heart breaking. "Neither can I." Draco admitted, his voice cracking. "I love you." Hermione panted, her voice desperate. She pressed a kiss to his lips through the bars, not holding anything back. This could, and most likely would, be the first and last time she could tell Draco she loved him. "I love you." "I love you too Maia." He spoke, his voice barely a whisper. With a swift flick of his wand, Hermione felt herself being wrenched from the cell, pulled away from Draco who was duelling with a group of death eaters. "No." Hermione yelled as Draco's body fell in a flash of green light. The world turning black. CHAPTER 1 Hermione had only been allowed out of the hospital wing several weeks after she had arrived unexpectedly in the past, though she was only awake for a few days of it. Her assumed name had been easily chosen, Maia Germain, although she knew that she would have trouble keeping her appearance as unassuming as possible in the event that she could not change the timeline as she had been instructed to do so by Draco Malfoy, who had been the one to send her back. Professor Dumbledore gladly handed over a very interesting book on transfiguration to aid her in subtly changing her appearance so that she would only seem like a distant relative of her future self and not a clone. She subdued her unruly mess of hair into soft silky auburn locks before growing it out so that it sat an inch or two past her waist. Her eye colour was changed to a deep indigo, a suggestion made by the old wizard. If she had one feature that stood out above all else, the rest of her appearance may fade from people's memories. Other than a subtle change in her cheekbones and jawline, she remained unaltered, glad for the permanence of the spells she had used to do so, though they weren't exactly legal to perform, sitting in the grey area between approved and forbidden. She quickly found herself being sorted into Gryffindor and informed that she would not be sharing a dormitory with the sixth year students but would be supplied her own room so that her abundance of scars would not cause any problems. She had been offered for them to be removed with a wave of a wand but she quickly disagreed. They weren't normal scars but inflicted with many different dark curses. Her skin would be marred for the rest of her life and there was no way to remove them, even simple and complex glamours alike having no effect on them. And so she found herself stood in Dumbledore's office, her affairs in order and her new identity perfectly crafted. But there was still one last thing Dumbledore requested of her. "Miss Germain, there is a ritual, considered rather dark and unknown by the ministry however I believe that it will lend perfectly to our advantage." He pulled a letter from a drawer in his desk and handed it to Maia, a rather apprehensive look on his face. It was short, aggravatingly so. Professor Dumbledore, Though you have no reason to do as I ask, I would request of you to procure a vial of blood from a pureblood male and a forest nymph female and keep them until the time is right. A ritual will need to be performed and you will know when the time is right to perform it. I trust that you will soon realise just how far this letter has travelled to be in your possession. Please take that knowledge as certainty that this is of the utmost importance. A well-wisher. "I received this letter many years ago, and after studying it learnt that it came from many years in the future." Dumbledore explained, the knowing twinkling in his eyes emerging. "I believe that this letter was sent for me to prepare for your arrival." Maia simply nodded, not tearing her eyes away from the all too familiar handwriting of an older Professor Snape. Clearly Dumbledore hadn't realised who the letter had come from but it could only be a good thing. If he knew who it was from, especially while the sender was studying the dark arts, he may have never believed that he was truly going to help. "What ritual is it that you need me to do?" Maia asked, folding the letter and handing it back to the ageing professor. "A blood ritual, that will change your magical core and possibly certain aspects of your appearance, though it will not render your spellwork needless." He explained. "It will make you, for all intents and purposes the child of a pureblood and a nymph. Your appearance will only change because your blood will change." "It would erase all signs of me being a muggleborn?" She asked, though it wasn't really a question. "Indeed it will, but I will not force you into this. The other changes were necessary; however, this will only solidify what we have done so far." He spoke, awaiting Maia's response. She thought it over for several minutes, debating the thought of removing her parents from her very existence. She would not share their blood, and she now barely shared their features. She would be turning her back on everything she had known for the last seventeen years. But if Professor Snape sent this letter, who she had recently discovered was not in fact a death eater but had orchestrated the plan to send her back, then he would have not sent such a letter back in time on a whim. The amount of magic that it would take to accomplish such a thing and the energy that it would drain would not have been worth simply a further precaution. It was something he believed was necessary for her survival in a foreign time. Despite their hostile past, he had done something she would have believed impossible and so she placed her whole trust in the man. A man that had devoted his life to keeping Harry safe, and in the process keeping her safe too. This was the man that had used a counter curse during Harry's first quidditch game and the man that had stood between her and a werewolf. "I'll do it Professor." Maia agreed, finally breaking the silence in the room. "Very well." The professor smiled. He procured a wooden box from the back of his office and a rather thick and weathered tome before leading her through the castle, onto the grounds and deep into the forbidden forest, not at all worried by the existence of many dangerous creatures that called the forest home. Though if she were as powerful a wizard as Albus Dumbledore then she wouldn't be too worried either. They eventually reached an old ruin, covered in vines and moss and many white budding flowers. It was a large circle of pillars, some of which had crumbled away leaving some of them more stumps than pillars. He tenderly placed the box on the ground and removed the contents. A silver bowl with a ring of runes carved delicately around the outer rim. A dagger made of the same metal, carrying the same runes. Three vials, one filled with a silvery liquid and two filled with blood. Several different herbs and a red feather. It was all rather curious but she knew that it was integral to the ritual he had mentioned. Maia walked closer to inspect the ingredients. The feather was that of a Phoenix, most likely Fawkes who had been sleeping on his perch during their meeting. The silvery liquid could be anything but quite possibly contained unicorn blood or maybe some hairs, there were few other things she could think of that would make a liquid that colour, and most could not be used in a potion. She could not identify the herbs as they were ground and contained in small jars. The runes of the bowl and dagger were just as foreign to her, possibly not the runes she had been taught in her own time but a long forgotten language that had faded from memory. Dumbledore placed the feather into the bowl, waving his wand over it while muttering a long incantation that he read from the tome. He next poured the vials of blood over the feather, speaking a different incantation and performing a different complex wand movement. The herbs were added next, one scent notified Maia that one of the ingredients was bergamot, though the others remained a mystery. Another incantation was cast, the silver liquid was added and another incantation was spoken. "Miss Germain." Dumbledore beckoned, the silver dagger in his hand. Maia unquestioningly walked over and kneeled on the other side of the bowl from the professor. He took her right hand and made a deep cut across her palm and then submerged it into the bowl. Expecting pain, Maia bit her lip as she did so but was surprised by the soothing warmth that met her wound. Dumbledore performed a long spell and another complicated wand movement which he repeated over and over, though Maia could not know how long. She felt the warmth spread up her arm and through the rest of her body. What was once soothing quickly became a sharp heat that began to burn her from the inside. It was like she was under the cruciatus curse again and she didn't try to hold back the intense scream that ripped from her throat. Slowly, the burning began to cool into a cold freezing sensation. It was strange, being able to feel her blood change. Her skin began to feel cold as she noticed a slight green hue take to her skin, though this was not a temporary product of the ritual. This would be permanent. When the ritual was finally over, Maia removed her hand from the bowl only to note that she was no longer cold and her cut hand was perfectly healed, not even a scar or a red irritation on her skin. "I was not expecting such a drastic change." Dumbledore admitted, noting Maia's skin. It was the only thing that had changed, though she knew that it would suit her new eye and hair colour beautifully. It was not an obvious green but a subtle colour that would not go unnoticed but not look too out of place among her classmates. "Thank you professor." Maia smiled, trying to hold in the need to cry, the shock of all that had happened since the few hours she had been awake was finally sinking in. It was cold out but the residual effects of the ritual still seemed to warm her. "The other students will be arriving soon." Dumbledore spoke, waving his wand over the bowl, leaving