(A/N: Selene has Selective Mutism. She CAN talk but in most situations she simply does not. This is especially true in public or any situations of high stress or anxiety. So for the ease of reading. "" is speech, Italics is anything written, and ** is sign language. I do not know how to sign and I have only limited experience with Selective Mutism. If I get things wrong, I apologize and don't mean to offend. This is my first fanfiction, please be honest in your reviews. Thank you and enjoy reading.) DISCLAIMER: This is a work of fan-fiction. Harry Potter and all related characters and places belong to the lovely J. K. Rowling. I only own a small handful of OCs. Frederick Connelly was enjoying his tea while he patiently waited for his daughter Selene to come downstairs. His shoulder length red hair was unkempt and there was a hole in the shoulder of his blue robe. It was a beautiful morning. A pleasant breeze blew through the open window, carrying with it the birds' morning song. He glanced at the picture on the mantle above the fireplace. A beautiful woman with raven black hair and ice blue eyes was laughing and pointing at something out of frame. Like many of the pictures in the house this one moved and would occasionally smile and wave at those who looked at it. With a sigh and a slightly sad smile Frederick began speaking softly to the picture, as if the woman could really hear him. "It's finally time, Kelly. I'm a little worried how things will go…but if anyone can make it work out, she can. I was worried in the beginning. After we lost you…when she just stopped talking, I didn't know what to do. I used to get so frustrated…wishing she would say something, anything. I kept waiting for her to yell or scream. To rage at the loss of her mother, to cry and break things, just like I felt like doing. But no, she just went quiet. I blame you for that, you know. You almost always reacted in a way that was surprising to me. So when she stopped talking, I didn't know what to do. I waited and then, when I got tired of waiting, I tried pushing her to talk. But she would just shake her head no…no…and when I saw her tears I realized she was hurting too. She was hurting, just as I was hurting. We both missed you so much, we simply showed it in different ways. And as time passed, we found other ways for her to communicate. She learned how to sign words with her hands. She learned so fast she ended up giving me extra lessons!" he chuckled. "I'm not sure how she will cope with leaning spells, but there is no denying her magic. Why, just last night she somehow managed to summon the biscuits off the top shelf when I sent her to bed with no dessert! Luckily, I caught them before they made it down the hall." He smiled lovingly, "I see so much of you in her. You would be proud of how she has grown. I just hope she is able to progress in Hogwarts. She wants to make you proud, and going to the same school we did seems important to her." Just then Selene came staggering into the kitchen, blearily wiping sleep from her eyes. Her waist length hair was the same blue-black as a raven's wings, and she had the same ice blue eyes as her mother. Black dressing robe untied with a shirt declaring in bold letters The Singing Sorceress showing through. She flopped onto a seat at the table and smiled at her dad when he poured her a fresh cup of tea. "Morning, Star-shine." Frederick said. He rose and gathered a plate of food from the counter, canceling the warming charm left on it with a simple flick of his wand. He slid the plate in front of Selene and then proceeded to make another pot of tea. "I know you just got up, but did you think about why I sent you to bed early last night?" he looked up to see her nod her head yes. "And do you have anything to say after what happened yesterday?" he asked sternly. *I'm sorry, Father.* Selene signed. *I shouldn't have taken Darcy out flying yesterday by myself. You asked me to wait until you were done with your potions work for the day but I was too impatient. I promise to think more about my actions before making decisions in the future* "Why does that just sound like you are promising to be sneakier and not get caught?" Frederick grumbled as he sat back down at the table. Selene just smirked at him and continued eating. "Anyway, you should probably hurry up with your breakfast. We have a busy day today." Selene tilted her head to the side questioningly, *Why? I thought we were just going to work in the gardens today.* "Well we could do that, but I rather thought you might want to go with me to Diagon Alley. I have to drop off a shipment to Mr. Jiggs at the apothecary. He owled this morning to say he was low on bicorn horn and tentacula leaves. You know how important it is he stay well stocked this close to the start of school term." Frederick noticed how disappointed Selene looked at the mention of school. He cleared his throat and sat up straighter. "There is something else we need to talk about first though. Your acceptance letter from Hogwarts came with the post this morning." Selene's fork clattered to her plate, her face showing nothing but shock. Frederick continued, "I know we get on well enough here, but you understand most people don't know sign language." Selene nodded and hastily pulled out a small notebook from her robe pocket. She tapped it slightly with her other hand. "That will work for some things, but much of the school curriculum is based off verbal spells." He paused when he realized Selene was frowning at him but then rushed on to say, "I'm sure you will do great in Herbology and Potions, you already know so much from helping me out here. I'm just worried for how you might handle your other classwork. Selene crossed her arms and stared at her dad for a few moments before sighing *I want to try. I want to go to school like you and Mom. I will just have to work hard and find a way. If I can't keep up…then I guess I will come back home and learn what I can from you. But, I have to try.* Frederick thought a moment and then smiled, handing over the acceptance letter, "Your mom believed anything was possible, and hated to be told she couldn't do something. If you are determined to make things work, then I'm sure you will find a way." Selene ripped open the letter, reading the first few lines rapidly: Dear Miss Connelly, We are pleased to inform you, you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry… Selene jumped up, knocking her chair over in her haste to get around to her father's side. She hugged him tightly and when she stepped back she had a huge grin on her face. *You really mean it? You are letting me go?* He ruffled her hair affectionately and laughed, "Yes, you can go. Now hurry and get ready. We leave in half an hour." Selene clapped her hands in excitement before speeding off to go get dressed for the day. A door slammed upstairs and Frederick shook his head, a small smile playing on his lips. He walked over to the mantle and picked up the picture of his wife Kelly. "I will write Headmaster Dumbledore later to thank him for allowing her to attend, knowing her circumstances. Seeing how happy she is to even be allowed to try to attend…it makes it all worth the risk." He kissed the frame gently, placed it back on the mantle, and walked off with a wave. "This leaves me just enough time to get dressed and talk to Zooby about what I need packed. Good thing no one requested anything that needs brewing today." Half an hour later, Frederick was waiting by the front door. He looked very different from how he was at breakfast. Dressed in well pressed slacks, white button down shirt and a steel grey vest, he looked every bit like the stark business man. He pulled a silver pocket watch out and checked the time, closing it with a soft click. "Star-shine! Let's go. We can't be late!" he yelled. He heard Selene as she practically ran down the spiral staircase into the main living room. She was dressed in a full floor-length skirt, a soft white poet shirt with a cream colored vest that matched her skirt. Her hair was brushed to a shine and her eyes nearly sparkled with her excitement. She came to a stop and did a little spin before looking as him questioningly. "Yes, you look beautiful. Now, do you have your supplies list?" he asked. She tapped a small bag at her side with a smile and he continued, "Good, then we can go." He reached towards the door but was stopped by Selene's hand on his elbow. "What? Am I forgetting something?" Selene nodded, then snapped her fingers twice. There was a soft pop and a house elf appeared. She was dressed in a uniform made from black tea towels tied in a toga-like fashion, a large green "C" was embroidered into the front. "Young Miss needs Tinsel?" the house elf asked in a high, squeaky voice. Selene made a few quick signs. "Yes, Young Miss! Tinsel will be right back." And before you would say "butterbeer" she was back with a set of black over-robes and a dark green ribbon. "Now really! Must I wear those? It's warm out today and those robes always make me itch." Frederick asked, and no he most definitely was not whining at all. Selene simply handed him the robes and pointed down towards the floor. Frederick sighed and knelt down, shrugging on the robes as he did so. "I never should have taught you about Pureblood customs." He grumbled as she tied his hair back with the ribbon. "Bloody inconvenient is what they are." *You know certain clients respond better when you follow the customs. You taught me how wearing the mask and playing the Game has its benefits.* Selene signed to her father, then turned to thank Tinsel. As if on some unheard cue, another house elf appeared with a much louder POP. "Master and Young Miss will be late." the wizened looking elf said in a gravelly voice. "Zooby has packed what Master required. Zooby wishes Master and Young Miss safe travel." He tossed the case towards Frederick, who caught it with a practiced ease. "Zooby must go add fertilizer to Greenhouse Four." with that he bowed and then vanished with another POP. Tinsel shook her head with a fond smile and started ushering them out the door. "Master and Young Miss be almost late. They has lots to do and buy. Tinsel must get started on the draperies. Tinsel wishes Master and Young Miss safe travels." and she shut the door on them. "I blame you. If you didn't indulge them so often I wouldn't have such willful servants. I'm probably the only master to be bossed around by his own house-elves." Frederick grumbled. Selene just smiled at him and took his hand. "Yes, I know…we wouldn't want them any other way." He walked with her quickly, across the grounds until they passed through the gate. He checked his watch one more time. "Ok. Mr. Jiggs is expecting us in 30 seconds. You ready?"