"The time it sticks, Maybe we are witnessing the evolution of the human race." This is the conversation replaying itself in my head, and as the victor of the 76th hunger games is crowned I think that we are not witnessing the evolution of the human race. In fact, I think the human race has gone down one or two points in the evolution scale. The Capitol games, as they were named, lasted three days, and the victor of such games was shaking from head to toe, looking like it was his pure will alone that kept him from pissing on himself as he watched the playbacks. To be honest, I didn't expect Paylor to make the children fight, I had thought she was above killing children to prove a point. It was during the reaping of these games did I learn from a drunken Haymitch that Alma Coin had everything in action before her death, it was part of the deal to get a few districts on her side, written practically in blood. Even if she wanted too Paylor couldn't of stopped it from happening, you just had to love politics. Haymitch patted me on the back and said I had finally gotten a childs understanding of the reality in politics, and how proud that I wasn't as stupid as I looked. I poured a bottle of liquor onto his head after his responce. He just ignored me and mourned the loss of his drink, bastard. In the town square, or at least what was left of it, a few hundred or so people were watching the large screen that was being held by two hovercrafts. Around one third of the survivors of the boomings returned to district 12, it looked so empty now, although district 12 was never anything special to begin with, there used to be some places that held a sort of different beauty. The hob, which used to be full of people, was now nothing but charred ash, the meadow, a recently turned mass graveyard, other places stood out in my mind, the root from school to the Seam and the stretch of young wild flowers in between, the small tradition that all the younger seam kids would pick one and play with it on the way home, the few hours of peace after the miners shift ended, the barter in town, even the coal that used to be etched on every surface that fluttered in the breeze, something I thought I would never miss was now gone. The few hundred people who returned were a mix of people from the merchants and those from the Seam, although most were from the latter, there was a strange sense of equality in the air, it had been around for a while now, maybe it was the unity people felt from district 12. Maybe it didn't matter that there was barley anything left, or that so many people had died, district 12 was home, joined in grief by the emptiness within district 12, a few hundred people compared to the thousands that used to live here showed, the majority of survivors who believed district 12 held to many memories to stand, like my mother, fled to other districts to start again, I didn't blame them. But maybe it wouldn't been so empty if there was more children, more lucky families who were still alive, people who didn't have an air of paranoia and wariness around then, those still able to feel happy. It was true, most of the people still in this district were either old, by normal district terms, who lived there entier life here, too long to just leave, and those who used to do business at the hob, before Thread destroyed the place, the rest were just other people who stayed for their own reasons. Usually people kept to themselves, some finding solace in others, most working to remove the bodies, which after a year are finally gone, but it was the first time all of us were out together, I felt some sort of emotion in me, I couldn't really describe it honestly, it was some mixed between bitterness and dread, sadness and irony. The remains of the town center that used to be packed once a year were again filled with the residents of district 12, yet all of us together didn't even fill a quarter of the space. The reaping and games were not mandatory to watch, but who wouldn't? The tributes of these games were children from the Capitol citizens, the people who found joy in our district children's deaths. Nearly every district hated the Capitol, it was mostly out of revenge that people watched the games at all. All around me people were talking in groups, it was now night time, but the 'improvised' markets were still open, a cross between the hob and the town ones, leaning more towards the latter. I was standing next to Thom, someone who had survived the booms and the revolution and had returned home. I remember him from before I was reaped, a friend of Gales who now took to baby sitting me, treating me with a neutral and mild attitude, that was a lot more than most, a friend even. Then again, I don't really think I had the mental stability to have friends anymore. Ripper's stall was overcrowded with people drinking, Haymitch loudly laughing when the winner of the 76th games finally turned a darkish blue color and vomited while watching the repays, Haymitch wasn't the only one who laughed. The capitol tributes were extremely shocked at having to participate in their own hunger games, they went insane at the reapings, every one of them was crying and begging, a few trying to flee, no volenters were aloud. Snow's granddaughter turned out to be reaped, what a surprise, yet my throat clenched when I saw her, she looked so scarred. How is it possible that a girl sobbing as she slowly mounted the stage, with pale pink skin and terrified doe eyes could even be related to Snow? She almost reminded me of Prim...No, I really couldn't afford to think like that anymore. The area it's self was a horrid one, it was small, just a tiny snow capped mountain, with a small dark forest at the around the base, the arena couldn't of been more than five miles each way, with nothing but a few sparing supplies and a pile of clubs. Entier flocks of jabberjays screamed at every corner, a jacker nest on every tree, and the mutts, so many mutts were in that arena were the things of nightmares, it made my encounters with the wolves, the monkeys, even the half human, half lizard things seem laughable, simple even. These mutations killed the majority of the tributes in the most goriest of fashions, it was so slow, so bloodily, I was both disgusted and fascinated by them. There was no need to entertain the capitol with a flashy fight and a quick death, no it was all about making the tributes feel nothing but simply agony till their death. You would think that given the capitol people love the games, vist past arena's and renact there favourite scene's that they would have some idea of how to survive, but a few very expensive lesson's on how to hold a sword and pose with it seemed to be the grits of it. Few quite skilfully knew what to do with a bow or a sword, yet they knew nothing about finding food or water, first aid... Although knowing those things wouldn't of made a difference during these games. There was some sort of bitter amusement in this games the small ironic twists played into them, one girl, with bluish hair and talons as chewed apart by some sort of animal, a mix between a spider, a fox, and something with scales, the thing didn't even eat her, slowly ripped her till she was nothing but a pile of bloody shreds. This was when a few monkey and beaver like mutts joined and started to do this strange dance on the pile, one that looked uncannily like the dance during Finnick and Annie's wedding, turning the bloody mess into a very neat ariel image of a mockingjay, crafted in blood. There were other little things, such as the tributes facing each other in badly fitting and well worn grey clothes from 13, most almost freezing to death, before dying much more painful and bloody ones, little quotes from Snow were carved into rocks, trees, even the supplies, every single caved saying by the end of the games was either urinated on or covered in a capitols tributes blood. My famous words, ' If we burn, you burn with us ' were literally burned into the mountain, along with two other tributes. The games were over after the victor slit the throat of the infamous grand daughter of Coriolanus Snow, who was hanging from two knifes, her body was half eaten, leg rotting from of blood infection and stomach swollen with worms. Merciless, that was what the victory of the 76th games was, the victor him self lost his leg and and half his face, something even the Capitol couldn't fix. He barely kept himself alive, but he was fast, had a good sense of direction and decent with a knife, he won, but I guessed if the vomit on his face and the tears on his face were anything to go by, he was already regretting it. I just couldn't find myself to summon up any rage, any anger, I felt numb. I was just fine being lost in my own little world of grief and regret when Haymitch pulled me from it. Thinking about it though, he was just as bad as me, ever since Haymitch was sent back to twelve to look after me he hasn't stopped drinking. He didn't want to be here, that much was obvious, I knew what he wanted to do, but still, like me, was to prideful, scared even to do so. The sudden noise around me pulled me out of my musing. All around me in fact people were in some sort of contradiction, a few appeared triumphant, elated even, others angry, but most seemed to be in some sort of saddened shock, Haymitch was the one who caught my attention though, next to a pale looking Rooba, around ten meters away, still on his stool with a drink in hand, he smiled. He had an odd bemused smile on his face. I had seen that smile a few times, one of them being when I shot Alma Coin, another at the victor tour at district 11. It meant one thing. Well shit . I turned my head and looked at the screen. Paylor was on the screen, looking furious, reading from a sheet of crisp, white paper with the Capitol seel on it. "...And as such, from the positive reactions the districts displayed towards these games, it has been voted that the Capitol games will continue every year for ten years, to justify the deaths of our districts children so their lives, their brave sacrifices will not be in vain, those who held our children randsom for so many years will pay for every child they sent to death for entertainment." Paylor nodded with a tight smile and said something else, but I ignored it. I missed most of that speech, but a few official looking people were muttering, Plutarch seemed to be laughing, I heard him mutter, 'well that was quick' before the screen turned to replays of the victor. I started laughing then, people were looking at me as if I was insane. Of course, keep the Capitol in line by sending the Capitols children to the games. Plutarch was wrong, we don't have a gift for self distruction, we fucking radiated it. ' What has been proposed