DISCLAIMER ~ I'D LIKE TO SAY THIS ONCE. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO STEPHENIE MEYER. A/N: In this, Bella obviously doesn't get pregnant, and she doesn't want to go to College before being changed. I'd appreciate reviews, as well. :) ~BPOV~ "Why didn't Emmett tease us? He didn't even say anything." I looked up at Edward. He was looking out the window while the green scenery flashed by. He looked down at me with an apologetic smile. "He's waiting until we get home. Esme ordered him to not say anything while we were in a public place. There's no stopping him once we get to the house," he said sadly, and slightly tightened his grip on my hand. I looked up front to the passenger seat where Esme sat. She looked back at me and placed a cool hand on my bare, now tanned knee. Being on Isle Esme darkened my skin quite a bit. It looked like I had been in Florida. The Cullen's... my family's skin really stood out when they were around me now. It was weird to think of them all as my family now. Edward always told me that we were all family before we got married, but I just always denied it. It made my heart swell to think of them as my family. To think that I'll be like them soon. "Don't worry yourself, Bella. Esme and I'll keep him from saying anything too graphic," Carlisle laughed from the driver's seat, bringing me out of my thoughts. I smiled, grateful. "Thanks, Carlisle. I'll just have to work on ignoring him...and keeping my face from turning a permanent red," I mumbled the last part, my cheeks already heating. Esme smiled gently at me while Edward stroked my cheek and chuckled. "I'm going to miss that," he murmured as Esme turned back around to face the front. I took his hand from my face and laced our fingers together. "I'm not," I replied with a wide smile. Not having to blush ever again was just another pro of being changed into a vampire. Edward sighed and shook his head. "My silly Bella," he whispered and leaned his head back while I laughed and shrugged. I was just happy that he got over the fact that I was going to become a vampire. He had to stop avoiding it sooner or later. We arrived at the house, and Carlisle parked his Mercedes beside Emmett's Jeep. Edward helped me out, and he grabbed two suitcases from the trunk. Carlisle grabbed the other two, and gestured for Esme and I to go on ahead of them. Esme eagerly took my arm and lead me into the house. "Bella!" Alice grabbed me into her arms. Esme placed a hand on her little shoulder, and reminded her to be gentle with me. "You saw me at the airport, Alice," I chuckled, a little out of breath from her iron grip. Alice let go as Emmett scoffed, walking into the first living room in the house with Rosalie and Jasper on either side of him. Edward and Carlisle came in and set the bags down at their feet. "I'm sure Edward was gentle," he said with a wink. My eyes widened, and all the blood in my body flowed up to my face. Alice giggle beside me, and Rosalie and Jasper had to look down and cover their laughs. "Emmett," Edward hissed. Emmett raised up his hands as Esme put an arm around my shoulders. "I'm going easy, bro. Wait until later. I have the best song ever to sing for you and Bella...I even changed up the words," he said with a mischievous smile. I took a deep breath and looked back at Edward. His eyebrows were scrunched together. "I'm blocking my thoughts, man. Stop trying." Emmett flopped down on the couch and pulled Rosalie down into his lap. "At least let them unpack before you try out your new jokes on them," Alice announced as she grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the stairs. "You're blocking your thoughts as well, Alice. I'd thought you would be on Bella and I's side," Edward commented as he trailed up the stairs behind us with Carlisle. "It's just too funny. Sorry, Edward...sorry, Bella." She smiled at me as we entered Edward's room...uh...Edward and I's room. "Come on, Alice. Let's leave them alone for now," Carlisle said as he set the luggage down by the bed. Alice pouted and pulled me closer to her side. "Edward and Bella had alone time for over two weeks!" She argued. Carlisle held the door open for her and raised a pale blond eyebrow. "Alice..." "Fine." She gave me another hug before glumly walking to the door. I felt bad as she looked back at me with her big, golden eyes. I knew she was giving me the 'puppy dog' look. "How about we go shopping tomorrow?" I offered with a grimace. Edward put his arm around my waist and brought his lips close to my ear. I tried not to show how affected I was with Carlisle and Alice still there. Alice was beaming, and Carlisle was pinching the bridge of his nose with an amused smile. I could hear Emmett laughing from downstairs. "Am I missing something?" I waited for Edward to tell me. My heart pounded against my chest. My cheeks colored to know that they could all hear it. "Alice bought you a new wardrobe while we were gone...now you just offered her to buy you more," he whispered. His cool breath made goose bumps rise on my body, and a shiver went down my spine. Damn it. "How about we do something else!" "Oh, no! We're going shopping tomorrow. Love you!" She sang, her mood boosted up in seconds. She skipped out of the room. Carlisle shook his head in laughter and closed the door behind him. "Great," I groaned and brushed my hair out of my face. Edward turned me around to face him. He placed his smooth, cool, hard hands on either side of my face and touched our foreheads together. "Am I the only one to still fall for that look?" I stared into his topaz eyes. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach and my knees felt weak when I stared into them. "No, we all still fall for it...even Rosalie." "Well, that makes me feel better," I muttered. I just wanted him to lean down already and mold his cool lips with my warm ones. He stared into my eyes longer before he understood what I really wanted. I gripped his neck as he claimed my lips with his. Instead of cooling me down with his body against mine, I started to heat up. I pulled myself even closer to him while he backed up toward the bed, and sat himself down. My breath left me as he took my hips in his hands and pulled me to straddle his lap. He broke our passion filled kiss and looked up at me with love and dedication. I swallowed and got my breath back as he pressed open mouthed kisses all over my neck. I threaded my fingers through his hair and kept his face close. I'm sure he could feel my heart thumping against his chest. My breathing was heavier than I wanted it to be. It was an uncomfortable thought to know that the rest of them could hear everything. "Edward," I whispered out of breath. I didn't know if I wanted him to stop or not. I mean...it felt wonderful, but I didn't enjoy the thought of his... our family hearing all of it. "It's okay," he muttered against my skin. He kept one hand on my hip, and stroked his fingers up my back, and buried his fingers into my dark hair. He pulled my lips down to his after feasting on my neck. I gasped into his mouth as he lowered himself onto his back. I placed my hands flat on the quilt on either side of his head. We didn't allow our lips to detach as we changed positions. Edward reached for the hem of my shirt, but he froze, along with me, when my stomach let out an obnoxious growl. I closed my eyes in embarrassment and disappointment. "Supper time for the human," Edward said quietly. It wasn't hard to detect the disappointment in his voice. His eyes told me he wanted to keep going. I did too. "Sadly," I replied as I slid off him and planted my feet on the floor. He sat up and had to steady me by holding my waist. Edward stood up and kissed my forehead. "Esme and Alice are already making you something," he stated as he took my hand and led me out of the room. I stopped before we reached the stairs as the thought came to me. "What?" Edward looked back at me with concerned eyes. "Emmett," I whispered with a slight frown. "Just don't look at him. Ignore him," he said dryly. I knew Emmett was going to yell something out. "I can hear you two. I still got a really good song to sing!" He bellowed from the second floor. Edward huffed, and I groaned and rubbed my forehead. We stepped into the kitchen/living room area, and Emmett jerked his chin in our direction as a greeting. Edward turned us away and ignored him. "Bella, Esme and I are making you chicken and rice...and just because you're not going to make it to 21...I'm going to pour you some wine...uh...red or white?" She looked up at me with a toothy smile. I scratched at the back of my neck. I didn't know she enjoyed cooking for me so much. "Alice, I wouldn't know..." "Right! You'll just have to try both!" Esme was smiling and finishing up the food, while Alice got two wine glasses and poured red wine in one, and white in the other. "Yeah, let's get Bella tipsy so Edward can have his wicked way with her!" Emmett cheered. I looked back, and he was pumping his fist in the air while Rosalie giggled. Jasper shrugged at me with a smirk. Just ignore him , I told myself as I got up onto one of the bar stools. Edward sat beside me while Esme set the steaming plate down in front of me, and Alice pushed the glasses toward me with twinkling eyes. "I'm sure you saw how this is going to end up. How about you just tell me?" Alice pressed her lips together. I looked at Edward for the answer. "You'll be fine. I wouldn't let you do something if I knew it would end up a disaster." He rubbed my back gently just as Carlisle came from down the hallway. "Testing wine, Bella?" I nodded to him and took the fork from Esme's hand as she offered it to me. "Thank you," I said. I wanted to add that I could have cooked for myself, but decided against it, and just put some rice into my mouth. "You're welcome. I like cooking for you. It's something I'm going to miss once you don't have to eat anything," she said with a loud sigh. "I'll be glad when I don't have to worry about eating everyday and all that. I can just relax for days without getting up once," I said dreamily. Edward rolled his eyes at the tone of my voice. I finished up eating, not once touching the glasses of wine. Alice tapped her finger on the counter impatiently. Edward shook with silent laughter beside me. Esme patted Alice's shoulder, and wiped down the counter with Carlisle. "She's gonna-" Alice cut Edward off mid sentence. "Try some!" Alice shoved the red wine into my face. I leaned back as Carlisle took my plate. "Alice, don't pressure her," he chastised before going to the sink. I ground my teeth together as Emmett laughed from the couch.