Hey guys, Celebrating success in my exam results. Here's a lemon that I enjoyed writing recently. -x- iwishiwherebellaswan xxx Interruptions One Shot. Edward tries his best to distract Bella as they study but a couple interruptions drive them both insane. Lemon. Rated M. Bella's POV Laying on my front on my bed, I had my ankles crossed in the air. My books were on my pillows and I was trying to take in the information. That plan wasn't working too well. It was just so boring. But it was necessary. "Why don't we take a bit of a break? I'm bored, you're bored. Let's just do something else for a while." My hot boyfriend lay beside me, his lips pressing into the crook of my neck. I moaned lightly at his kisses. His lips tickled my neck as I arched it towards him. My long hair was pulled over my other shoulder and he pressed his chest into my side. A few minutes passed by with him nibbling and sucking on my neck. I couldn't stop the grin on my face. His hands slipped down to my waist and I turned over slightly. Pressing my lips to his, his fingers slipped under my shirt to pull it up my body. It dropped to the floor along with the books I'd pushed away. My eyes were hooded as I grabbed his neck and pulled him over the top of me. He chuckled, nestling between my legs. Shifting his hands up my body, he cupped my breasts tightly. I moaned against his lips and pressed my chest into his hands. We kissed for a while, loving each other. He finally pulled away when we had to breathe. But his lips didn't leave my skin. Trailing down to my ear, he teased me the way only he knew I loved. My left ear is my biggest erogenous zone. I groaned loudly as he bit on my earlobe. I especially love it when he whispers sweet nothings in my ear. "You like this do you my love? Everyone thinks you so innocent and sweet. But I know better. I love you and only I get to love you. You are so beautiful my love." He brought his lips to the shell of my ear and pulled it between his teeth. Gripping the back of his shirt, I moaned loudly into his ear as I felt my wet juices soak my panties. He must have felt my heat intensify because he brought his lips back to mine. "I love that I can make you feel this way." "Yes. Only you can Edward. Please, I need…" My bedroom door flung open and I gasped in shock. Blushing brilliant red, I pushed Edward off me as my Dad's mouth locked shut. He was glaring at Edward who scrambled to cover my chest with a blanket. I was so glad that we hadn't got any further or my Dad may have seen a lot more of me and Edward. Finally he seemed to have found his words. "I was just going to tell you that I was heading out to the Diner. I think I'll just stay right here though." "Actually Edward and I were going to go round to his. Alice wanted me to stay for a sleepover." "You're staying here tonight Bella. I think it's time for you to leave now Edward." "No." Edward had made a move to gather his things but I stopped him. It's not fair for my Dad to kick my boyfriend out. For all he knew we were only groping each other. Heck, he still thinks I'm a virgin. "Either Edward stays or I go with him." "You are not going anywhere Isabella Marie." "And why not Charlie? I'm 18. I'm a legal adult. I could move out if I wanted to." I know I was going a little low with that blow but it was a little hypocritical of him. "If I want to be with Edward sexually I will. It's not like you were all innocent when you were 18. You got Mom pregnant. I'm not a virgin Dad. And I haven't been since my birthday. I'm going to have sex with Edward when I want to because I love him. We are being safe, okay? I know you worry but it was going to happen eventually. Just get over it. Go to the diner tonight, don't think about this and when you come back we won't bring it up again." I have no idea how I became so bold. Especially to my Dad. But he blushed similar to me and closed my door over. Edward was sat next to me in an instant, his eyes wild with hunger. A hunger that made my heat rise again. His lips pressed to mine and he threw the blanket away from my body. I cupped his cheeks, grinning into the kiss. Pulling at my cotton shorts, he held my hips off my bed. He groaned against me as he saw how wet I was. Trailing his fingers down my torso, he cupped my swollen sex. My head flew back into the pillows and I cried in pure pleasure. "You're so wet for me. Always so wet my Bella." Nipping at my skin, he moved his teeth down to my neck. "I want… I… I… Fuck." He chuckled against my neck and started stroking me with his index finger. Gurgling, I pulled at his hair. "Tell me what you want my Bella. What do you want?" "You…" I could hardly breathe let alone speak. He moved his hand away from my heat but held both my thighs in his hands. His thumbs rubbed teasing circles on the inside of my legs, so close to my centre. "What do you want from me? I'm yours." "Kiss. Me." Shifting over me, he brought his face up to mine. Groaning into the still air, I bucked my hips. "Down there." "Anything you want because I am yours." Pressing his lips to mine, he hummed softly. His fingers hooked into my panties and started pulling them down my long legs. He slipped his lips down my body to my mound. My panties were flicked off my feet and onto the floor. With open mouthed kisses on top of my mound, he held my hips to the bed. "Please…" I closed my eyes and breathed heavily, waiting for him to touch where I needed him most. A finger opened my dripping folds and his lips encased my exposed clit. Panting, his name slipped from my lips. My fingers gripped the sheets off my bed, my legs wrapped around his head. "EDWARD!" His tongue was rolling around on my clit, driving me to the edge. I wouldn't last much longer. Edward's mouth is magical. Pushing two fingers into me, my neck tensed back in the pillows. My chest was arched into the air, my nipples stiff under my bra from the freezing cold air. He pumped me roughly with his two fingers, speeding up faster and faster. With a final moan against my clit, he pushed me over the edge. Behind my eyelids I watched fireworks exploding as I orgasmed all over his fingers. It had been a while since I'd had my release so it was definitely needed. Ring… Ring… Ring… Edward sighed and rested his forehead to my hips. I unwrapped my legs from around his neck. My eyes opened as he tried to move off me. "Ignore it. They'll go away if no one answers." He smirked up at me and crawled over me. His lips connected with mine in a passionate fiery kiss. The corners of my lips turned up against his. My bed shifted as he settled in between my legs, his bulge resting against my heat. The insistent ringing of my doorbell didn't let up. Whilst I could ignore it, Edward seemed to be bothered by it. He pulled off me and pried my fingers and legs from him. Whimpering at the loss of his touch, I scrambled to grab him but he didn't let me. He stood up from my bed before leaning back to press his lips to mine quickly. "I'll be back in a minute. Get dressed, we're going out for the evening. I'm fed up off being interrupted. We barely get any time together as it is." "Where are we going?" "Port Angeles." He winked at me with some kind of hidden motive for going to Port Angeles. It's an hour long drive and there isn't much to do there. And Edward and I aren't big fans of car sex. One of us always ends up with a big bruise on our face by the end. When he closed my bedroom door over behind him, I pouted for a moment. Crawling out of bed, I grabbed some clean underwear and pulled it on. Going through my wardrobe, my door open and two arms wound round me. I melted into my boyfriend's tight muscled chest, leaning my head back on his shoulder. He reached out and unhooked a low cut royal blue dress. Holding it up to my body, he nibbled my neck. "Pack an overnight bag. Just the essentials." "Fuck…" I knew what he was planning instantly. If he intended for us to go back to his, I wouldn't need to pack an overnight bag because I have enough there to not need to take anything myself. No. He wanted to go somewhere no one would disturb us. Letting go of me, he left the room with my notepad in hand. Now I remember. Angela was coming round to collect some notes from me for Ben who'd been off sick today. Whoops. Guess I forgot. Edward came back as I was pulling my dress over my head. His fingers helped drag it down over my ass that he swatted playfully. Standing me in front of my mirror, he did up the zip at the back of my dress. I could see why he'd picked this dress. His beautiful emerald eyes gleamed with lust whilst he stared at my long, pale legs in the mirror. The dress is short only hugging my butt before cutting off. It also shows off a lot of cleavage which I'm always self-conscious about. I only wear it when I'm having one of my more confident days. Which isn't very often. My handsome boyfriend wrapped his arms around my waist and onto my hips. His lips sucked on the crook between my neck and shoulder. He hummed softly before resting his chin on my shoulder, our eyes joining in the mirror. "If this is us now, imagine what we'll be like when we're married and going to boring dinner parties that we won't be able to avoid." "They won't be so boring with you by my side. Especially if we are husband and wife." "My wife. I can't wait till I can call you that." "Then let's get married after graduation." "Aren't you going to wait for me to propose?" "You can do that anyway. When you think it's the perfect time, I'll be waiting. But we both know that it will happen eventually. We are High School Sweethearts, but it's also more than that. I love you." "As I love you Isabella Marie Swan and one day, I shall make you my wife. My Isabella Marie Cullen." "I want to be a Cullen Masen." His eyes widened in surprise before the beautiful crooked grin that was only reserved for me spread across his face. "I would love that. My parents would be so proud." Stepping away from me, he lifted the diamond heart pendant that used to belong to his mother, but now belongs to me. He lay it at the top of my breasts and clipped it around my neck. We stared at each other before I turned to peck his lips. I didn't want to get carried away or we wouldn't