I love all the support I've been getting from you guys. Happy New Year -x- iwishiwherebellaswan xxx Stress Relief Short. Best friends, Bella and Edward are facing three weeks of exams. Suffering with stress and anxiety, Bella needs the support of her best friend. Lemons. Rated M. Just two days until our first exam. Two days and I'll be hyperventilating constantly. I'd always struggled with stress which had led onto anxiety. It only makes it worse when beautiful girls like Jessica and Lauren are around. They always seemed so confident about themselves. I have something that they've always wanted though. The hottest guy in school was my best friend. We'd been best friends since we were five when he moved to Forks. His parents were rarely home as they worked in Port Angeles but he didn't seem to mind when he played round at mine. Now that we were older, I'd go round to his after school and we'd do homework or revise together. He'd always pick me up for school and drive me home. On occasion he'd let me drive his precious Volvo. This was one of those times. I was breathing deeply as I drove out of Forks and turned onto a new dirt track. Edward flinched whilst I drove over a large rock and continued down the bumpy track. We liked exploring the forests so he didn't question where I was going. The trees stretched above the car, hiding the sunlight. When I broke the trees, there was a long stretch of grass before the trees started up, creating a dense darkness. Switching the engine off, I gripped the wheel for a moment. I took a deep breath and opened the door. Emerald green eyes stared into the back of my head as I stepped out and closed the door. Walking round the front of the car, I pulled his door open and climbed onto his lap. With my thighs on either side of his, I wrapped my arms around his neck. His arms wound round my waist and he gave me a crooked smile. "Why are we here Bella?" My heart beating fast, I cupped his cheek. Running my fingers through his fringe, the crooked smile I loved spread across his face. After taking several deep breaths, I was ready to ask for what I'd been thinking about the last few weeks. "You know I struggle with stress and anxiety. It becomes unbearable when we have exams. I think I know a way to relax and control it some of the time." His smile grew wider as he held me closer to his chest. "What would that be, clever girl?" Taking a large breath, it fanned over his face and he opened his mouth slightly as if to taste my breath. "I want to have sex." His mouth opened and closed several times. At a loss for what to say, he ran the back of his fingers across my temples. "We'll be going to UW next year. You know I hate new places and new people. When we start going to parties and drinking, I'll eventually have to have sex. I want you to be my first." I took a deep breath as I realised he still had yet to react. "I want you to be my first because I trust you. You care for me and I know you'll look after me when we do it. You'll be gentle and you'll…" "Wait… You want me to take your virginity?" Eyebrows furrowed, he moved a hand down to my knee and held it tightly in his grasp. Nodding my head a little, he blinked a few times before pulling my knee towards him. The movement caused my pulsing core to rest over a hard spot in his pants. "Now?" Blushing slightly, I nodded again. He tucked my hair behind my ear and ghosted his fingers across my cheeks. Placing his lips to my forehead, he bucked his hips up. "You want me to take your virginity in my car?" "No. I want you to lay me in the grass and take my virginity." I pressed my lips to his cheek before climbing out of the car. He followed suit and slammed the door over behind himself. Slowly and steadily, I walked backwards until he caught up to me. Laying down in the grass, he crawled over me. Not wasting a moment, he popped the button on my jeans as he nestled between my legs. Holding the back of both my knees, he lifted them up. I tipped my head forward to watch his lips trial straight down my body without breaking contact once until he got to my right ankle. He took his time undoing my lace before pulling my shoe and sock off. Dragging his lips back up my leg, he travelled across my sensitive skin before falling down my left leg. He repeated the motion of removing my shoe and sock. My head fell back against the soft luscious grass whilst he started to unbutton my purple tartan shirt. With three of the bottom buttons undone, he placed his lips above my panty line. He continued to kiss up my body, nipping at my skin. The higher he got, he undid the next button. When all the buttons were undone he ran his hands over my stomach. "You are beautiful Bella. Truly beautiful." Nuzzling my neck, he placed hot, wet kisses to my skin, his hands continuously moving over my stomach. After a couple of minutes, he slowly inched his fingers lower until he had hooked his fingers into the loops of my jeans. Cautiously but confidently, he pulled my jeans down my legs and off my feet. I sucked in a deep breath as the warm afternoon air touched my skin. He crawled back over me as his soft fingers, slid up the outside of my legs. My breath got caught in my throat; my heart pounding against my chest. Brushing his nose along my collar bone, his thumbs began small circles on the inside of my thighs. He drew the circles higher and higher until his fingers were over my sensitive clit. I couldn't make a sound. My mind was fuzzy. There was nothing I could do in that moment. Every touch he made pushed me further into the haze. I was at his mercy. The sound of his belt cleared my mind for a moment before it blurred again. One of his hands had left my body and I could feel his body move over mine. Bare skin touched to my legs causing me to gasp. His legs were nestled between mine as his hands rested over my thighs. Drawing his fingers up to the line of my panties, he stroked my skin for a while as he peppered my chest with kisses. Inch by inch, he pulled my panties down my legs and off my feet. I'd stopped breathing. Here I was, my best friend staring at my almost naked body, about to take my virginity. "So beautiful." He didn't move for a moment and I flicked my eyes down. In his boxers, his eyes, filled with lust, constantly ran up and down my body. Taking my thighs into his hands, he leaned over me again. My eyes closed as he rocked his hips into mine. I moaned loudly. His lips pressed to my throat and he pulled my legs which caused my core to rub against his member. Disappearing from my space, I waited for his touch. Suddenly and unexpectedly, something was inside of me. I realised that I hadn't mentioned that he needed to use a condom but was thankful he had thought of that. He hadn't pushed past my barrier yet but he was close. He was big. It felt amazing. There was a slight cool breeze that started up and helped me calm my nerves. The soft grass below me tickled my neck and legs. I could feel the sun shining down on my face as Edward hovered over the rest of my body. A tweet of a bird came from overhead, a warbler of some kind. My senses were overloaded. Lips placed to the top of the valley of my breasts. I lay one hand on the back of his head causing him to smile up at me. With a slight nod of my head, he pushed himself all the way into me. Crying out in pain as he shattered my virginity, I curled my fingers into his hair. He grunted from the force I used in pulling his hair. Tears began to trickle down my face and I tried to regulate my breathing. Feeling the tension within me, Edward ran his lips up and down from my throat to my breasts. He held my hips still as his fingers stoked my waist. Patiently, he waited before sliding out of me a little and pushing back in. Repeating his actions a couple of times, the pain remained before, thankfully, dying and pleasure taking its place. The air in my lungs left me every time he pulled further from me and slid back in. Whilst I felt amazing, I was doing nothing, my hands both lying flat on the ground again. The gorgeous young man above me is doing all of the work. He was enjoying it himself though. His lips hovered just over my chest and his breath fanned across my skin. Subconsciously, my eyes rolled into the back of my head as I came for the first time. There was nothing I could do as he started to rock his hips to mine. He quivered above me. Finally, he pulled from me and lowered himself beside me. I lay my head on his shoulder with my hand on his stomach. My best friend is amazing. Edward's always been there for me and done whatever I've wanted. This seemed different though. He wanted to do it. He enjoyed doing it. He enjoyed doing it with me. Pecking his chest, I carefully stood up as my legs were sore. Quickly, I gathered my clothes and made my way towards the forest. I'd suddenly become self-conscious, half naked in front of him. Never before had anyone seen me that under dressed. Our relationship would be different now. There was no going back. We'd both sat in silence as he drove us to his house. Neither of us had said anything as of yet. I wanted the tension to disappear and to be best friends again. That wouldn't happen any time soon though. We'd crossed a boundary that shouldn't ever be crossed by friends. When he'd parked outside his house, instead of going straight inside, he met me round at the front of his car. He lifted my hands into his and pressed his lips to my forehead. I felt safe whenever I was in his arms. He was toned; very toned. With strong muscles, he could hold me in a tight grasp and protect me from myself and others. "Thank you." Placing a hand on the back of my head, he gave me my favourite crooked smile. I stepped into his chest and wrapped my arms around his waist. "You know I'd do anything for you Bella." He rested his lips against the top of my head and slid his hands into the back pockets of my jeans. Giving my bum a squeeze, he breathed out deeply through his nose. "Any time you want to do it again, tell me." "Okay." Taking a step away from me, he kept one hand in my back pocket as we started to walk into his house. I dropped my bag by the door and slid my shoes off whilst he went into the kitchen. His house was beautiful, modern and massive. Every room had a panel of buttons connecting to the lights, windows, sound systems and in the living room, the electric fireplace. I turned the lights on in the