I'm back at school next week so I will do my best to finish off my 12 Days of Christmas. My story Boxing may be update less frequently. I am hoping to get another story started soon though. -x- iwishiwherebellaswan xxx In My Mind One Shot. As a birthday present, Bella promises to only tell Edward the truth and let him see into her mind for a day. Lemon. Rated M. Summer was a great time. Vacation meant freedom. Especially to those who'd graduated their Senior year of High School. A new start in college was coming but there was a good two months before hand. Two hard-working students who were going to enjoy the time off where best friends, Bella and Edward. They'd been best friends for over a century and their parents were very close. Because of this they were often found at each other's houses for the night. Both sets of parents were regularly leaving the area for work and had to leave their child behind. It didn't bother either Bella or Edward as they enjoyed each other's company. Of legal age, it had been agreed that both could stay at the Cullen household alone whilst Edward's parents were in Seattle for a medical convention. The only difference about the day was that it was his 19th birthday. It came as no surprise him that his parents weren't going to be there. They'd missed his 8th, 10, 11th, 14th 17th, 18th and now 19th birthday. He always woke up with a pile of presents waiting to be opened. Expensive presents was his parents idea of making it up to him. He had no care for them but his parents never listened to what he had to say. When he awoke in the morning it was much like a normal day. He was alone in a silent house. He knew what was in a small pile downstairs. Honestly, he was a little disappointed that the pile was even smaller than any other year. In perspective though, he didn't really care that much. His best friend would be over before lunch and they'd spend the day together watching movies. He had stocked up on snacks and planned on raiding his parent's beer supply. After showering and pulling on some yoga pants, he trapesed downstairs. Wanting to stay somewhat healthy during the day, he had a bowl of cereal and a rosy red apple. He started to open some of the softer of presents. Boxers, socks, a jumper and jeans. His parents always struggled when buying for their son. They usually ended up with the generic presents with a few very expensive ones thrown in. Lying on the couch, he flicked through the programs on the television. He could hear the front door open and close quite quietly before light footsteps coming towards him. With her hands behind her back in an attempt to conceal the large box, his best friend crept into the room. "Happy Birthday Edward." She pulled the box round her side and held it out in front of her in offering. The favourite crooked grin made an appearance on his face as he stood up. Taking the box from her hands, he pecked her cheek in thanks. Sitting criss-cross apple sauce opposite each other on the couch, the delicately wrapped present sat between them. He glanced up at her before slowly peeling away the gold-speckled blue wrapping paper. Below was a standard cardboard box. Opening the flap lids, he looked into the box. Surprise and glee was evident when he saw the next wool blend bomber jacket. He lifted it up only to be shocked by what was underneath. A matching pair of hiker-style converse sneaker boot was resting on top of what looked to be some kind of quilt. Placing the much desired items to one side, he lifted the soft, hand-stitched quilt. He recognised the materials used. "I love it Bella. Thank you so much." He pushed the empty box to the side and threw his arms around her neck. When he pulled away, he unfolded the quilt and spread it out over their laps. It was an amalgamation of t-shirts from all the places they'd been on vacation together. They'd decided that they'd buy each other the same t-shirt as a souvenir. "These are my t-shirts and I was hoping that you'd let me have yours to make a matching quilt for me. I thought they were a nice idea for when we go to college for on our beds." "Of course you can have mine Bella. It's a great idea. You know I'm gonna miss you when we'll be in different dorms next year. This will certainly make me feel more at home." For the next hour they recounted their adventures that resulted in the t-shirts being bought, the expensive luxuries forgotten. Smiles on both their faces, she leaned against his side, their fingers tangled together between them. She passed him an envelope with his birthday card inside. It was just a generic card with 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY' on the front. What was inside was what counted. He opened it up and read aloud what was written. "'You've always wanted to know what I am thinking. For the day I will tell you everything I am thinking when you want to know. Ask me any time and I'll tell the truth. Love you Bella.'" He turned to his best friend and gave her a questioning look. She brought his hand to her lips and curled her legs up under herself. Their eyes locked, neither able to look away. Leaning forwards, he lowered his head so much so that she could taste his breath on her tongue. There was a thought in her mind that he may actually kiss her. "What are you thinking Bella?" She could feel her heart beating incredibly fast in her chest. This present for him was in hopes of him finding out the truth. All she needed now was the bravery to make him see. "I don't know. It's all jumbled up." Smiling, he slowly pressed his lips to the side of her jaw. He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and stared into her eyes again. "Have I ever told you how beautiful you are Bella?" Warmth filled her causing her cheeks to become rosy red. She shook her head, no, in response. He frowned, upset with himself for not spotting it before. "You are beautiful Bella." She lay her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. For a moment, just a miniscule moment, she imagined that this was how it was going to be when he found out. He watched her curl into his side, her chest rising and falling. It was the first time he really looked at her. Her body was slender with petite curves in all the right places. There was no shame within him as he admired her breasts. Whilst she was wearing a pair of yoga pants, similar to his, and a baggy football jersey, she'd never seemed so feminine. He could feel a slight problem arousing in his pants. Embarrassment clouded his mind as he slowly stood. She frowned and watched him move to the door. "I'll be back in a minute. Bathroom." His explanation was simple yet effective. There was nothing suspicious about it. Disappearing down the hall to the bathroom, he breathed deeply in an attempt to calm down. He splashed some cold water on his face and forced the depressing thoughts of dead puppies. It worked well enough. Flushing the toilet, he returned to the living room eagerly. Bella had put his favourite movie into the TV, waiting for him to come back. "This is from my parents." Whilst he sat down, she handed him another envelope. Her mother had been very keen on insisting that she made certain Edward would open the card. Peeling the flap open, he pulled a majestic gold-coloured card out with a soft 'Happy Birthday' and detailed engraving of a tree and boy sitting underneath. She leaned into his side as he angled the card away from her prying eyes. He opened it and slowly read the inside. Taken aback by what he read, he stood hastily and turned his back on her. This immediately heightened her interest in the card so she jumped up by his side. Hanging off his arm, she caught a glimpse of the writing. Pieces attached in her mind and she grabbed the card from his hands. "'We will buy you a house if you marry Isabella?' What the fuck? Where has this come from? What gives them the right to do this?" "Bella calm down." He took hold of her wrists and stared her in the eyes. Taking the card and throwing it over his shoulder, he pulled her into his chest, wrapping his arms around her waist. Shock. He was in shock over what he'd read. There had been the briefest of moments when he considered being married to his best friend. It wasn't such a bad idea. The thought left as quickly as it came as he realised how ridiculous the idea was. Sitting her down, he held her to his side and played with a strand of her hair. "Let's just get on with the day. It's my birthday and I don't care what you're parents are trying to do. I don't need them to buy me a house because I can buy my own house. We are both rich Bella. Money and expensive presents don't have any meaning to me. Your quilt and your openness are the best presents I have ever been given. Don't worry about it. I just want to watch a couple of movies with my best friend." "Okay. I should point out that it is lunchtime though. You want me to get you some food?" Pecking her forehead, he didn't stop her from standing up. However, as she did stand he caught an eyeful down her top making his problem arise again. In an attempt of concealing his soldier he pulled his legs up to his chest. Once she left the room, he returned to thinking about dead puppies. He wouldn't let Bella find out what she was doing to him. It would ruin their friendship. Having calmed down just in time for Bella's return, he patted the space beside him. She placed a plate of salad on his lap and handed him a beer. Sitting down with her own salad, she pressed play on the remote and sat back. He took a swig of the beer only to have the can grabbed by his best friend. Frowning, he batted his eyelashes until she gave in and gave it back to him. They ate their food before clearing away the plates and cuddling up under the new quilt together. Her eyes were intent on watching the movie as his lingered. Normally he wouldn't be able to look away but something had changed. His eyes seemed to stay on the girl in his arms and her body. The problem from earlier on had returned. The only difference was that there was no escaping to sort himself out. This was the first time that he was affected by his best friend in this way. Or at least the first time he noticed something different. Lifting the leg between them, he watched her eyes flick to him and back to the screen. "What are you thinking about?" "What part of Hercules is making you hard." His eyes widened as his problem had been announced. He moved his arm from around her shoulders and shifted away from her. "Or maybe it's not the movie?" "What do you think it could be then?" "A girl." Raising his eyebrows, he watched her smile up at him deviously. "When have I ever shown an interest in anyone?" "Well you are now." She closed her eyes and hummed in thought, making him intrigued. Taking