Maid of Honour One Shot. At her best friend's wedding, Bella has the temptation of the groom's best man. Can he seduce her? Lemon. Rated M. "I'll miss you Alice. We've always shared an apartment." "I'd bring you with us if I could Bells. You know I would. But Jasper's the one. You said you were happy for me." "Of course I am. I'm ecstatic for you, I always have been. You know that. It's just gonna be weird that's all. Now go before I don't let you." She squeezed me tighter before pulling away and looking me in the eye. "Oh god. I love you Bells. You gonna be alright alone?" "Yeah. I'll make it work." "Okay. I'll call you next week." "I'll be waiting for the call. Go spend some time with your new husband." "Bye Bella." "Goodbye Alice." She turned around and stepped into the limousine. I watched it rolling away before sighing. Thank God this is all over now. All the guests stood around for a while longer. Some went back into the ballroom that was used for the reception, others started to depart. I thanked everyone for coming on behalf of the bride and groom. It was my duty as the Maid of Honour to make sure everything ran smoothly and that meant up to the very last guest left. Normally the Maid of Honour would then leave but out of all the things Alice could have forgotten to plan, she hadn't arranged for a cleaning crew to clean up after the guests left. So that came down to me. I didn't have time or money to organise any cleaners as all the money went to the rest of the wedding. As soon as the last of the guests left, I started picking up glasses and putting them on the table at the front of the room. The only positive about this was that the hotel's cleaning team would collect everything up if it was in bags or on the top table. But that doesn't mean that I can get out of any of the work. There's a lot to do and will take, hopefully no more than two and a half hours. No one knew of this problem that I knew about so I was alone. I didn't want to drag anyone else into this and was happy enough to do it by myself. But that was before I started cleaning up. It was a lot more dull than I thought. Turning on some music, I swayed my hips in time to it. It helped a little. A large hand placed to the base of my spine and I screamed in surprise. Turning around, my hand flew to my heart. It was just Edward Cullen; the best man. I knew Jasper, Alice's new husband well, but I'd never met Edward before. At first it was a little strange to me. Edward was Jasper's best friend and I'm Alice's best friend. You'd assume that we'd have met at some point. But no. I'd learnt that Edward worked a lot, having little vacation time. He puts it on himself though. He runs his own business and wants it to succeed and it does. He's extremely rich, a multi-millionaire. Whilst he likes to live the rich life, he enjoys mundane things. And he's really good looking. Way hotter than anyone I've ever seen. "Sorry Bella. I didn't mean to frighten you. I was in the bathroom and came out to find you here alone cleaning up. Where's the cleaning crew?" Scratching my forehead, I looked up at his tall figure, slightly embarrassed. "Well, Alice forgot to get a cleaning crew so that's now my job." "Did you tell her?" "I did once. But she wanted to use the money to get the more expensive flowers in the colour she wanted than the…" "Okay I get it. You didn't think about telling anyone else?" "No, I guess not. I've been so stressed about helping Alice with all the planning and then I tried to find someone as my date but all the guys I know have girlfriends or were coming anyway. And then it was so hard to hide the fact that I did actually break up with my long term boyfriend. She wanted me to be happy with him whilst she was happy with Jasper. But then he cheated on me and, and I just couldn't take it anymore." Sighing, I turned away from him completely annoyed and embarrassed that I just blurted all that out to him. I glanced over my shoulder to see him smiling kindly down at me. "Seems like you could do with a bit of fun for once. You obviously work too hard." "I doubt I work as hard as you do." "But I know when to stop and have fun." He slipped his hand into mine and spun me round. I fell into his chest and blushed bright red. All night I'd been working hard to not trip in these stupid heels but I guess it caught up to me. "Sorry. I'm a total cluts. I kept telling Alice that these heels would kill me one day." "Really? From watching you dance I never would have thought." "Trust me. I spent so much time concentrating on not falling that I didn't notice the cake being wheeled in. Alice bit my ear off when I went to the bathroom." "Now that I can imagine." He lifted my hand onto his shoulder and took my other in his hand. Swaying us back and forth, he gave me an award winning smile. I stumbled in the heels but he caught me. Pulling me closer to his body, he held my waist tightly. When the song came to an end, he was so close to me. His face was right beside mine. I turned my head slightly and got lost in the mesmerising green of his eyes. He leaned closer, his eyes flickering to my lips. My eyes closed slowly as I tasted his breath, sweet with a hint of alcohol. Another song suddenly started and the upbeat pop music sounded through the room. I jolted from the trance I was in and pulled away. Turning back to the table I'd been cleaning, I continued to throw the trash into the bag. I couldn't hear anything behind me and thought he'd left. When I made my way back to the front of the room, I noticed he was cleaning a different table on the other side of the room. "You don't need to do that. I can do it by myself." "What if I want to?" "Fine. I'm too exhausted to argue with someone else this week." We spent the next hour and a half cleaning the entire room. I'd stumbled around a little, trying to stay standing on my aching feet. When the clock struck two in the morning, I sat on one of the chairs and pulled the stupid high heels off my feet. I rubbed my sore feet, massaging them with my thumbs. "You okay Bella?" "Yeah. I'm just gonna ring for a cab and go back to my apartment. I just need some sleep." "Where's your apartment?" "The other side of New York." "Why don't you stay here tonight?" "I don't have the money for a place like this." "I'll pay for your room then. I don't want you travelling all the way across the city at this time of night alone." "I couldn't. I'll be fine." I slipped my shoes back on and stood up smoothing my pink dress out. Pink. God I hate the colour pink. But Alice's colour schemes insisted on the bridesmaids and me to wear pink dresses. She was so lucky that I put this dress and the heels on. "Stay in my room then. It will be no extra cost and I'll know that you are safe. That's all I want." I wanted to say no, I really did. But as I took a step forward, my heel snapped and I was about to face plant into the ground. Edward's arms wrapped around my small waist and pulled me back onto my feet. "Fine. Fine. And thank you." "No problem." I slipped both my shoes off and smiled up at him. He took my hand and led me up one set of stairs to the lobby. It was one of the finest hotels in the area and Alice was so lucky to have the inheritance from her grandmother. Edward placed his hand on the base of my spine and led me over to the elevators. Pressing the button, I wondered what floor he'd be on. Quite a few of the guests had enough money to splash on a room here, others went to quieter places close by. To be honest, I wasn't surprised when he tapped the top floor button. When the doors dinged open, I was taken aback by the décor of the hall. I didn't say anything though. It wouldn't have been a very intelligent comment no matter what I'd say. But then he opened a magnificent door to an even more magnificent room. I'd seen rooms like this in brochures and an online but Alice and I could never afford one. I wandered round the rooms, admiring the entire place. It was huge. "This place is bigger than mine and Alice's apartment. Well I guess my apartment now." "Do you want a bath before you go to bed? It might help with your feet." "That would be nice." With his hand back on my spine, he pushed me into the large bathroom. It was bigger than my bedroom. "There are towels there that you can use. Help yourself to any of the soaps and bubble baths. I won't be using them. Oh and this button is for the jets." Jets?! This place is amazing. If only I had the opportunity to get used to it. Oh well. I might as well enjoy the one night I have. "And here's a robe. I'll find something you can wear for bed. Do you want anything to drink? Some wine?" "A glass of wine might be nice." "Red or white?" "Red?" "Sure." He left the bathroom after that. I sat beside the tub and turned the hot water tap on. As it started to fill, I used a cloth to try and remove the makeup from my face. Edward came back in with a bottle of wine and a glass. He placed the glass beside the tub and opened the bottle. "There are lotions in that cupboard. You might find something for your make up." "Thanks." Rifling through the cupboard, I found a small bottle of make-up remover. I used most of it to get rid of the cake that was all over my face. Edward stood beside me and held the glass of wine out to me. I took a small sip of it. This was the good stuff. The expensive wine that I'd glance over in the shops. He turned the water off and ran his fingers through the steaming water. "I'll leave you alone now. I'll be in the other room if you need anything. And I mean anything." Standing in the doorway, he looked me up and down. He turned around, pulling the door with him. "Edward?" The door swung open again and he looked eager. I turned my back on him and pulled my hair over one shoulder. "Could you?" "Of course." His footfall was silent as I didn't hear him approach but his fingers were soft and gentle against my back. The zipper swiftly moved down my back until he reached the bottom. I held the dress to my body as he stepped away. "Thank you." My words were whispers but I think he heard them. His fingers slipped from my body and when I turned around I was alone and the door was closed. The dress dropped to