Mate One Shot. Possessive vampire world. Male vampires have the control over their mates. Lemon. Rated M. My life wasn't complete. There was no point in my life as of yet. I had no mate to serve. Most vampires I'd come across had a mate. A female vampire's mate is everything to them. Mated male vampires are committed to their mates till she dies. He is then able to choose a new mate. Those unmated male vampires can claim a female vampire for their own as long as they choose. If that female vampire already has a mate there may be a fight till the death. If the female vampire doesn't have a mate but meets hers then she has to leave with her mate. For the five years after finding your mate, he will take you away to a secluded place. There you learn what your duties to your mate are. It's natural instinct for us to follow the orders of our mate. We are to serve them. That's our sole reason for existence. I haven't found a mate yet though. Nor been claimed as a mate. I feel lonely. Since my transformation I haven't fulfilled my purpose. It's a desolate life unless you have your mate to serve. I can only hope that my time will come soon. I need to tamed and dominated. The hunt is what I indulge myself in. It's all I have. The way I prowl the silent streets at night finding lost souls. I was in Seattle at the moment. I'd returned to America only a week ago having spent a few years in Europe. Something had drawn me to Seattle but nothing had happened as of yet. There was a drunk man stumbling round the warehouse district. He was a good target. In an instant I was standing in front of him. His eyes widened at first before he started to slur his words at me. "Hello pretty darling. You lost?" "Maybe a little." I always loved playing with my food. He stepped closer to me. "You want some help baby? I can help you with anything you want." All of a sudden something white flashed between me and the drunk man was pushed up against the wall. Growls ripped from the vampire's throat and everything changed. I didn't have the urge to hunt any longer. I didn't care that my hunt had been taken from me. I would do anything for the vampire in front of me. I'd found my mate. He had a head of bronze hair that was in an organised mess. He had a dark leather jacket on and black skinny jeans that hugged his ass tightly. As I'd ogled him, he'd continued growling at the man. With a snap of his neck he was dead. The only thing holding him up was my mate's long white fingers around his throat. "Drink!" I couldn't say no. With my head down, I stood beside him. Placing my lips to his neck, I sunk my teeth in and drained the body dry. Satisfied, I stepped back. He threw the body into the middle of the street. Standing of to the side, I watched him light the body on fire. With the body burning, his wild blood red eyes turned to me. With speed I hadn't ever seen before I was pushed up against the wall the man had been moments ago. My wrists were being held on either side of my head as his nose rested just above my neck. "Mine." His lips crashed against mine, his tongue roughly moving against mine. He pinned my body to the wall with his and I could feel his hard erection pressing into my hip. All I could think about was my mate and how I had to please him. I kissed him with as much force, passion and lust as I could. He growled against my lips before tearing himself away from me. The lack of contact didn't last long. He threw me over his shoulder and began to run. One of his hands gripped my ass whilst the other was held out to push branches out of the way once we got to the forest. I didn't argue. It's not that I didn't want to because I didn't, it's the fact that I couldn't. I would never be able to argue with my mate. Whatever he said, I had to go along with. I trusted him with everything that I had. He wouldn't put me in danger because it would hurt him. I trusted him. He ran for a while. There were no scents of humans about; no sounds but the heartbeats of sleeping animals. We were alone in the middle of the forest. He didn't put me down until we were inside what seemed to be an old cabin. There was just one room with a bed. I knew then that I wouldn't be leaving for at least a few years. I didn't mind though. He was my mate. I would learn everything I could to be the best mate I could be for him. I was thrown onto the bed and he prowled over to me. His eyes were dark. He was a predator and I was his prey. Before I could start learning he had to claim me. That could take anywhere between a few days and a few months. It depended on him. He could make a mild claim on me that would last a few years and then he could do it again. Or he could claim me for eternity. Eternity sounded good to me. He kicked his shoes off and climbed onto the end of the bed. For some reason unbeknownst to me the bed seemed brand new, if not a month or two old. I didn't question it. My shoes were gone in a flash along with my socks. Hooking his finger under the material around my ankle, he slowly ripped it open. I lay still, my unnecessary breathing uneven. He continued to rip the inside length of my jeans all the way up to my pussy. I couldn't help the moan that tumbled from my lips as his fingers lingered. A crooked grin whispered over his lips. Dropping back to my ankle, he repeated his actions to my other leg. With my jeans ripped to pieces, he placed delicate kisses to every inch of my legs before taking hold of my foot. He looked my straight in the eyes as he bit down on it. There was no pain. Only ecstasy. His venom entered my system and coursed through me. It would burn out eventually but he would do it again until I had his fragrance permanently injected into my body. Licking over the wound, he did the same thing to my other ankle. Then to the inside of both knees. He took his time, licking my thighs before he got to my core. My red panties seemed to aggravate him as he ripped them to millions of pieces. He didn't look at me but placed his lips straight over my bare mound. I refused to move, scared of him punishing me. My life finally had meaning. Him. And I was dripping wet for him. His tongue ran over my folds causing me to groan into the cold night air. He chuckled against me and repeated his action several times. He was like a cat lapping at a bowl of milk. I was a writhing mess as I shattered. After licking all of my cum up, he traced two of his fingers through my folds before holding my lips open. His tongue was suddenly flicking in and out of me. The new venom from my mate coursed through me like wild fire; heightening every feeling I had in that moment. He could feel my release coming and started to suck against my lips. Every bit of my cum went straight into his mouth and down the back of her throat. Not stopping there, he pushed two fingers into me and tickled me from the inside. My slick wet walls couldn't take it and I came again. He lapped at me again. When he'd finished, he lay his head on the top of my thigh and just stared at my centre. There was more to come. A lot more. And I was ready for it. I'd been preparing for this moment for the last 87 years. He was suddenly hovering over my chest, his eyes staring through my t-shirt. Forcing my back to arch, he tore my shirt and bra from the back and threw it behind him. I lay naked in front of him. He bore his eyes into my tits as if willing for something to happen. They were already pebbled but they tightened more and more until they felt rock solid against my chest. When he saw what he wanted, his lips surround my left tit, taking it whole. He was so rough; I thought he may actually pull my tit off my body. It didn't hurt though. There was only pleasure. Shifting quickly to my other tit, he paid the same amount of attention to it. I lay there for what must have been hours as the sun rose and fell outside. The whole time he alternated between my tits. They felt numb by the time he pulled off them. Licking all over my torso and chest, he bit into both my hips and tits. He continued onto my arms. One at a time, he placed open mouthed kiss from my shoulders to my fingers. Taking each palm in turn, he injected more venom into my system. In small intervals, he repeatedly bit both my arms. He moved onto my shoulders and neck, sucking every inch of my skin. Taking my head in his hands, he tilted it to one side and sunk his teeth into my neck. I moaned once again. He spent longer filling me with his venom before biting into the other side of my neck. Sealing the wound, he rested his nose over my skin and just inhaled my scent. I'd heard his voice speak only two words and neither had done his voice justice. "I shall call you Bella." His velvety smooth voice was quiet, whispering in my ear. I loved the name he gave me. It was a lot better than some of the other vampires I'd met. The thing is, your mate gets to choose what your name will be. It could be a normal name or it could be something else. I'd met one girl who was called Bitch and another called Pet. Bella seemed perfect. "I may call you Isabella if I'm angry or frustrated at you. Isabella is not a good name to hear. And you shall call me Edward. When I ask you a question you will respond with 'Yes Edward' or 'No Edward'. Do you understand?" "Yes Edward." "Perfect. You will have a lot to learn Bella. You are not to leave this bed until I allow you to. I will mark you as my own until I see fit. I will then begin teaching you how I live my life. You have many duties as my mate. The main is that you are to please me. Do you have any objections? "No Edward." "Good." "You are mine Bella. You must learn to trust me with your life. You must learn to serve me in return for your safety. Do you understand?" "Yes Edward." "You will do everything that I say. You will not disobey me. You will be punished if you do. You will not enjoy punishment. You will only enjoy obeying me. Do you understand?" "Yes Edward." "I shall continue then. You are a virgin. I can smell it on you. That pleases me Bella. I get to be the only one to touch your fruit. You must not let anyone else touch you in the