Valentines Day One Shot. Bella and Edward celebrate valentine's day together. Rated T. He climbed into her bed stealthily so as not to disturb her. They didn't have long before they would have to leave for school yet he couldn't bring himself to wake her up. She looked so peaceful laying there with his arm resting on her pillow above her head. Whilst she was at peace this time, he hadn't seen the furrow of her brow when he wasn't near her. Even in sleep she knew when he was near. Their love was like nothing anyone had ever experienced before. It was greater than words or actions could express. Dipping his head, he placed his lips to her smooth forehead. Her lips turned up and her head twisted upwards. Still half asleep, she reached a hand out to his shirt. Without the strength to grip it, she laid her hand flat over his shirt clad chest. Moving his head lower, he pressed his lips to hers. She moaned quietly against his lips and responded to the movement his lips made. Her hand slid up to his neck to hold him closer to her. When he pulled his lips from hers, she let her eyes flutter open. "Happy Valentine's day my beautiful girlfriend." Grinning, she threw herself into his chest. "Happy Valentine's day." They embraced for a brief moment before he lay her back into her bed. Pecking her lips once, he rolled from her bed much to her disappointment. He ran down the stairs quickly only to lift a tray of food from the kitchen and run back upstairs. Walking into her bedroom, her grin returned to her perfect, plump lips. "You didn't need to do this Edward." "But I did Bella. I wasn't going to let my girlfriend wake up in her house alone on Valentine's Day because your father is working. What sort of boyfriend would I be? Plus, I love you. I wanted to do this for you." He sat on the edge of her bed as she sat up against her headboard. Her hands reached out for the tray but he refused to give it over. Instead he twisted round next to her so that he was sat beside her with the tray on his own lap. She leaned against his shoulder and placed her lips to his neck quickly. "Thank you." Feeding her food from the selection of breakfast foods he'd collected, he showered her with kisses in between each bite. She struggled to think straight because of the love she was feeling off of her boyfriend. Both knew they were going to be late for school but they were more important to each other than their education. Even though neither had talked about it, their future would always be together no matter what. When she'd finished the food he'd prepared, she cupped his cheek and brought his lips down to hers. Sucking on his bottom lip, she moaned lightly. He pushed the tray to the side and grasped her hips tightly. Lifting her up, he turned her round onto his lap. She bent her knees on either side of his thighs. Her fingers ran through his hair as their lips moved together. When both needed to breathe, he dropped his lips to her neck to suck on her soft skin. "I love you Edward." "I love you more Bella." "Not possible." They made out for a while not noticing the time slipping by. When they finally pulled away from each other they'd already missed the first lesson. Looking at the clock, both rolled from her bed to get ready for school. She had a quick wash and brushed her teeth before dressing. Normally, she didn't care for clothes but she felt extra confident today. Deciding on a plain black skater dress, it had short sleeves and touched just above her knees. To keep her warm, she pulled on a thin pair of flesh coloured tights. Her favourite necklace dangled from the stand on her desk and she fastened it around her neck. The cold diamond heart pendant lay against her chest. It was expensive, very much so. Edward had given it to her as an 18th birthday gift. It had been his mothers and meant a lot to him. "What's taking you so long my Bella? I want you back in my arms." "I'm coming." She called out to him. Whenever she wasn't in his arms she felt empty. Like a part of herself was missing. Slipping on a pair of ballet flats, she ran down the stairs, carefully, and leapt into her boyfriend's arms. "You look so beautiful Bella. And sexy." "Just for you Edward. I will never be anyone else's." "I know you won't baby." Lifting her left hand, he pressed kisses to each of her knuckles before sucking on her ring finger. "I'm going to get a ring on this finger someday soon my Bella. I love you too much and want to have the pleasure of calling you my wife every day." "I would love to call you my husband Edward." Untangling herself from his arms, she moved to the kitchen doorway. "Don't wait too long." After Bella grabbed his leather jacket from the kitchen, she slid it over her arms to keep her warm. His delicious honeysuckle scent surrounded her and she breathed it in deeply. Grinning from ear to ear, she swung her back pack over one shoulder and grabbed her keys. "Let's go." He drove them to school in a comfortable silence, kissing the back of her hand every now and then. When they got to the parking lot, he pulled into the space beside his sister's car. They were obviously on time. Taking their time trudging up to the front office, he kept his arm tightly wrapped around her waist. "Good morning Mrs Cope." "Morning Edward, Bella. What can I do for you two?" "We've just arrived. Bella wasn't feeling too well earlier and I tried to convince her to stay home but she insisted on coming in. Could you write us both a late pass please?" "Of course. If you feel unwell at any moment Bella, just let your teacher know and you can go home. Quite a few students have been unwell recently. I'm sure it's nothing." "Thank you Mrs Cope, but I'll be fine." She handed both of us late passes before we left. It was half way through the second lesson. Spanish. Both were fluent so never struggled in class. They shared every class due to some slight persuasion on Edward's behalf at the beginning of the year. Pushing the door open to their classroom, Bella clasped his hand in hers. When they'd given their passes over and taken their seats at the back of the room, he pulled her chair right up next to his. With their hands grasped together between their bodies, they pretended to listen to what their teacher was saying. By the time lunchtime had arrived, they'd been told off for making out during class several times. They couldn't help it though. A day for celebrating love was going to be carried out just the way they wanted to. School didn't really come into it. They hadn't left each other's sides once. When they sat down beside his family at lunch, it was no surprise to see them wrapped in their own bubble. Bella picked at her food as Edward stared at her. Finishing what food she wanted to eat, she pulled herself into her boyfriend's lap. They shared pecks throughout the rest of lunch until the bell rang. After the last two lessons he scooped her into his arms bridal style and carried her to his car. People stared but didn't they didn't care. Placing her into the car, he placed his lips to hers. "You're dad said that I can take you on a date and we can stay out tonight. It is the weekend tomorrow." "Where are we going out to tonight?" "It will be a surprise." "But you know I hate surprises." "You'll like this one. I promise." He climbed into the car and set off back to her home. Her father would be out until late evening so they knew they'd have time alone. As soon as they got home the cuddled up on the couch and watched some of their favourite romantic movies. The Notebook was their absolute favourite. At eight o'clock, they both climbed back into his car before setting off to Port Angeles. The ride was filled with quiet conversations about they're plans for next year. They'd be going to the community college in Port Angeles. Not because they didn't get in anywhere else but because they wanted to be near family. They hadn't decided if they were going to stay in their parent's houses or find an apartment to share. Pulling up outside her favourite little Italian restaurant, she grinned and clapped her hands together. She loved La Bella Italia. It was where they went on their first date, where they shared their first kiss, where she hoped he'd one day propose. The food was amazing as well. "Happy Valentine's Day my love." "Happy Valentine's Day Edward. Thank you. Today's been great so far." "It's not over yet Bella. We still have all evening together." Hand in hand, they were escorted to a table in the middle of the small restaurant. Sitting on either side of the table to each other, Edward was facing the door, Bella the kitchen doors. For a Friday night on Valentine's Day it was surprisingly quiet in the restaurant. There were only a couple other tables occupied. "So, what will you miss most next year when we go to college Bella?" "I don't know." Their hands lay in each other's across the table. "I guess I'll miss sitting next to you in every class. We've only applied to the same English Literature class. We might not even be in the same class." "I'll miss that too Bella. But if we're living together then it won't matter as much. I'll get to see you every evening before going to bed." Without the restaurant being busy, it didn't take long for the food they ordered to be served. They enjoyed the hot food as they shared loving looks. Once their plates had been cleared, she asked a question she'd been waiting to ask for a long time. "Will you ever make love to me?" She didn't want to sound desperate but it did hurt her that they were both still virgins. They'd been dating close to two years now. "You know that I want to wait till we're married. You wanted to as well I thought." "I do. I just… I love you so much Edward. I struggle as the days go by to express how much I love you. We never talk about doing that any more. Sometimes… I don't know… I guess sometimes it hurts. I want more from this… from us. But I don't know what more I can give. There's nothing more I can do to show you how much I love you." Pushing his chair back, his eyes flicked up before he dropped to one knee beside her. He took both her hands in his and placed his lips to the back of both. "There is nothing more than what you already give me that I want Bella. I know exactly how much you love me and whatever you do reminds me of your love. I love you too, so much. And I know what you mean. I struggle to express my growing love for you because whatever I do will never be enough. I want to spend the rest of my life by your side Bella. You know that. And I worry that when we do marry I won't be able to show you the love I possess because I've already shown you it the last way I know