Only a few more to go. I really liked writing this one. -x- iwishiwherebellaswan xxx Lesson One Shot. Miss Swan is not impressed with Edward's assignment so gives him a detention that he will never forget. Lemon. Rated M. The assignment set had been to write two pages of descriptive work about a favourite memory. What had been presented to Miss Swan was definitely not a memory. She had been reading and marking them at home the night before. When she first started reading she wasn't so sure what it was about. There had been a lot of similes and metaphors. It was only when she'd got to the first bit of speech did she realise. The line, 'Miss Swan what a tight ass pussy you have,' made her jaw drop and her eyes widen. She couldn't put it down though. The writing was small and fine resulting in the minimum of 1,000 words being tripled on the pages. When she got to the end, she took a deep breath and placed it to the side. After a calming mug of coffee, she began reading the rest of the class' assignments. None where like his. "Mr Cullen. Detention. After School. One Hour." She over pronounced the first letter of each word. It was clear to the class that whatever he had done was bad. Miss Swan only ever talked like that if she was considering getting the Principle involved. She would definitely not be doing that this time. There was a high chance of her being fired if anyone read what he'd written no matter if it were true or not. As the class filed out for the rest of their day of lessons, Miss Swan watched Edward Cullen leave. A Senior in his final semester of High School. Captain of the football team. Mr Popular. Most likely to win Prom King. And totally single. Fifteen minutes after the final bell she was still sitting behind her desk waiting for Edward to arrive for detention. He was late, as always. It wasn't the first detention she'd given him. There were no questions asked when he had been given it. Everyone expected it sometime soon. He knew exactly what it was that landed him in detention this time. There was absolutely no regret for any of the detentions he'd received as they gave him the chance to see her longer in a day. Cockily he walked straight into the room and sat behind the desk in the middle of the front row. Whilst always sitting at the back in class, the front was his seat for detention. The reason being Miss Swan's desk. There were two cupboards on either side of the gap for her chair. Nothing covered the gap between the cupboards. He had a clear view of her long legs and silky skin when she was sat behind the desk. Every day she would wear a smart dress the went down to just above her knees. Her dress was shorter today. It was tight fitting and hugged her curves. He wasn't bashful as he openly stared at her under the desk. The long table top was usually cluttered; an 'organised mess' in other words. She had been adamant all day in clearing it. With a pile of papers, pen pot and her name plate left on top, it had been transformed into something unrecognisable to him. What he'd written about was only easier to imagine with it so bare. Unimpressed with the tardiness, she continued to mark some papers with her head down. Biting the end of her pen, she made purpose of uncrossing her legs before crossing them the other way. Her eyes flickered to him. His eyes were on her legs, watching every move she made. Allowing the silence to proceed, she finished the few papers she had left. When she was finished she stood with the pile and walked to the back of the room. Her heels clicked quietly and his eyes followed her. Hips shaking, her dress had slid up her body so much so that any higher would expose her naked ass. Sitting back behind her desk, she searched for his assignment paper and lay it in front of her. She folded her arms on the desk and finally looked up at him. "Mr Cullen." "Miss Swan." His crooked grin had returned as he moved his eyes up to hers, challenging her. "What was the assignment I gave you last week?" He sat up a little straighter and ran his hand through his hair. "We were to write two pages of at least 1,000 words on our favourite memory." "Do you believe you fulfilled the brief I set?" "Yes Miss Swan, I do. Why? Is it not what you expected?" "Mr Cullen, do you understand what could happen if anyone where to read this? My job would be in jeopardy despite there being no truth to it. You would almost certainly be expelled." "Well Miss Swan. I simple completed the assignment given to me." Pushing away from her desk, she rounded it and stood beside him. Her body facing the back, the paper on his desk, she placed her hand on his shoulder causing him to shiver in delight. "Remind me then Mr Cullen, when was it that we had sex on my desk? Or any sex for that matter? I can't seem to remember that ever happening." "There's the beauty Miss Swan. It hasn't happened. Not yet." "Then how can it be a memory." "It was simply a dream. What I wrote was based on a recurring dream that I've had. Did you like it Miss Swan? I was hoping for an A+. I feel it's some of my best work." "Mr Cullen I will admit that it was a truly great piece of writing. You've used all the skills I've taught you and it does go beyond that. But…" "You do have a nice butt Miss Swan. I put that in my assignment." "That's not what I meant Mr Cullen. You're writing is just too immature for what I was looking for. I was expecting an elegant descriptive piece from every member of my classes and you are the only to have failed that." "So what? You want me to do it again?" "Yes. This time it will be four pages long and a piece of writing that does not involve me or anyone with articles of clothing missing." Rolling his eyes, he leaned back waiting for paper to be handed to him. When none came he looked up at her expectantly. "I expect it done at home Mr Cullen. I want it on my desk on Monday morning." "What am I going to do now then?" She took a step away and put her hands on her hips. What had been a straining soldier had become achingly hard. There was no escaping it now though. He had forty five minutes left before he was free. "You have little respect for teachers Mr Cullen. Teaching is a difficult profession. There is little respect given to those who teach but they do a lot to shape the future of the country. Stand Mr Cullen." As he stood he made sure his body slid up against hers in the small space. She could feel his tent against her hip. "For the next hour you will be a teacher. Choose any subject and teach me something." Slyly smiling at her, he took a hold of her waist. She ignored his touch and let him guide her into the seat he was just in. He strode over to the door, closed it over and locked it. With all the blinds down the lights came on automatically. Sitting behind her desk, he moved the rest of her things off it and watched them fall to the floor. "So class today you are going to have a sex ed lesson. I'm going to teach you as much as I can about certain parts of the body and activities involved with two participants. I will need a volunteer throughout the lesson." Raising her hand high into the air, Miss Swan grinned at him. "I would like to volunteer Mr Cullen." "Of course Miss Swan." He stood and wheeled the chair around to the front of the desk. He sat back down and gestured for her to stand. "Kneel in front of me Miss Swan." "Like this Mr Cullen." She fell to both her knees in front of him and placed her hands on her thighs. "Perfect Miss Swan. For the first lesson, I'm going to teach you how to give a guy a blowjob." "Mr Cullen. I don't know if I'd feel comfortable giving one of my classmates a blowjob." Stroking her head, he made out to comfort her. "Don't worry Miss Swan. You'll be giving me a blowjob. There's no need to be worried. I'll take care of you." He couldn't keep the grin off his face as he stood up and started to undo the buckle on his belt. The glee within him grew when he stepped out of his jeans and boxers. She stared at his long length that was pointing rigidly at the ceiling. He sat back down in front of her. "Move closer Miss Swan. Right between my legs." With his knees apart, she settled between them. "Now Miss Swan. This is called a penis. Some people call it a dick, cock, length. There are many variations. In the tip here…" He pointed to his tip proudly. "…there are sensitive nerves that heighten pleasure. As you can see my cock is nice and long. It's just over six inches long. A well-practised woman would be able to take me whole. I'm not expecting too much for the first time Miss Swan. What you must understand is that a guy doesn't want what doesn't fit to be left out. Often a hand comes into play at these times. If not some form of vibrator can be used. Maybe for our next class I will show the class some of the different ones available to buy." "Mr Cullen. Will we get to try some of them out?" "If you would like. For now you are learning about blowjobs." "Of course Mr Cullen. Where were we?" "You must not ever leave any part of a man's penis out of play. It is common for the base, this bit here…" He pointed to his base. "…to be left out. On the other hand, you have to make sure what you can fit in your mouth is being treated well. You can run your tongue around it, suck on it or gently bite down on it. There is a multitude of things that you are able to do that benefit the receiver. Another part that can come into play is a man's balls." With both his hands he cupped his balls and bounced them. "You have to be careful with a man's balls. They hold the sperm that creates a baby after a man fucks a woman. Look, give me your hand." Holding his hand out for hers, he led it over to his balls. "Use your forefinger and thumb and roll my ball." "Like this Mr Cullen." She did as he'd said nervously. "Exactly Miss Swan." Smiling in achievement, she continued to roll his ball in her fingers. The dum girl act really was fun to play. She loved how he spoke to her and explained everything. She just wanted him to speed up a little. Kneeling up higher, she lowered her head close to his tip. "Mr Cullen, I think I'm ready." "Yes Miss Swan. I'm ready for you. See how my cock is pointing upwards. That means he wants some attention. I need you to give me some pleasure through my cock." "Where do I start Mr Cullen?" "Wrap you hand around me." She brought her free hand up and wrapped it around the base of