Hey Guys, I know this ones later in the day but I didn't wake up until midday and just remembered. Better late than never hey. Enjoy and leave a review please. -x- iwishiwherebellaswan xxx Promise One Shot. After making a promise two years ago, Edward holds Bella to that promise and both love the consequences. Lemon. Rated M. "Bella. Before we go downstairs I need to tell you something." The beautiful 18 year old stepped from the bathroom. Christmas was always her favourite time of year. Her family always got together with her best friend, Edward's family. She had a brother and sister, whilst he had a step-brother and step-sister. Both their siblings were of similar ages; Bella and Edward the youngest. They were always treated like the babies of the family because they were still in High school. Everyone was downstairs celebrating whilst they waited for the big Christmas lunch. Bella and Edward were up in his room, getting ready to join the others. There was something that had been bothering Edward for the last few weeks. Leaning against the wall, Edward's eyes looked Bella up and down. He liked what he saw. She had a slim figure but her hips were defined and her breasts were full. Every part of her body was proportional to the rest of her body. She was nice to look at and he did look at her a lot. "What is it babe?" He pulled her into his chest and wrapped his arms around her waist. They were very close, so much so that they both often made sexual innuendos. Because of this, he laid his hands over her ass and swatted it playfully. "Nice ass baby." "Maybe you should fuck it." Normally he would chuckle lightly but he didn't. He moved his lips by her ear and whispered quietly. "I may just have to." A shiver ran down her spine. "What is it you need to tell me?" "Do you remember what you said two years ago? What you promised at Christmas?" Smiling slyly, she pulled away from him a little and lay her hand on his chest. "I remember it was something about you. I was involved but I can't seem to recall anything else. You're going to have to remind me." He gave her one of her favourite crooked smiles. She became dazed a little and a smidge of drool gathered in the corner of her mouth. Her memory of the promise she made was perfect. It wasn't something she was likely to forget in a hurry. "You promised that if I was still a virgin in two years' time, you would give me a blowjob. Guess what? I'm still a virgin." "Yes. I do believe you are. I'm going to have to keep to my promise then. Aren't I?" "I'm ready when you are." Putting his hands on his hips, he cockily smiled at her and flicked his eyes to the floor expectantly. She stepped up to him, her body against his. Her lips pressed to his neck before she dropped to her knees. The last month had been interesting to say the least. She remembered the promise she had made and hoped he had two. In case of this eventuality, she had decided to be prepared. Whilst she had been criticizing him for being a virgin two years ago, to this day she is still a virgin herself. He didn't need to know that though. Not yet at least. She wasn't all that innocent though. For a month she'd watched videos and read several different websites about how to give the best blowjobs. That wasn't all though. Knowing the size of Edward's cock, she bought a dildo as close to his size. With an attachment screwed into her wall, she would put the dildo in place and practise what she had learnt. It was all in hopes of pleasing her best friend. She's not ashamed to admit that she may have become somewhat addicted to sucking on the plastic cock. The taste wasn't so good but with a little lubricant she was happy. "I want some honest feedback. Okay Babe?" She fumbled with his belt buckle until she was able to pull his pants down his legs. Stepping out of his pants, he couldn't hide the straining erection in his boxers. Her hands held his thighs as she placed her lips to his covered cock. His resounding moan echoed through the otherwise silent room. No sound could be heard from downstairs because his bedroom was soundproofed for his music. They could be as loud as they liked. She ran her fingers round the waistband of his boxers whilst she sucked one spot of the material. Bit by bit, she dragged his boxers down his legs and waited for him to step out of them. Looking at his thick length, she knelt up a little higher. Taking hold of him resulted in a long groan. She licked along his side before taking him whole. Her head bobbed up and down on him, giving him pleasure like he'd never experienced. Sliding up and down, she could feel him tensing and shaking. When she knew he was on the brink of cumming, she squeezed his balls tightly only for him to release his hot cum into her mouth. Slowly, she swallowed every bit of his cum, loving the taste. Pulling off him, her forehead rested against the top of his thigh. He lay his hand on the back of her head and combed through her hair. Not once did he ever think that he could ever feel the way he just did. His best friend really is the best. Running his hands through her hair, he blinked his eyes open. "You are perfect Bella." "You liked it?" "Loved it. Thank you." Looking up, she caught his eyes. They stared into each other's eyes until there was a loud knock on his bedroom door. Grabbing his clothes he ran into the bathroom, leaving Bella alone. She opened the door to find Edward's older brother, Jasper. "Are you and Edward coming down soon Bells? Lunch is ready." "We'll be down in a minute. Edward's just in the bathroom." "Okay. Tell him to hurry up." "Thanks J." Once she watched him walk away, she closed the door over quickly. Edward appeared from the bathroom dressed as he was before. They shared a look before making their way downstairs. The lunch they had was grand. With a table full of food and drinks and everyone smiling around it, lunch was a joyous occasion. When it was over, everyone moved to the living room. More presents were exchanged and stories were shared. Edward sat back with his arm around Bella's shoulder, her head on his shoulder. Neither could forget what had occurred between them just a few short hours ago. What didn't help was that Christmas was the one day both were allowed to drink. Their parents didn't mind as they kept a close eye on how much they were drinking. Both had a beer bottle in hand whilst everyone watched a Muppets Christmas Carol. For the last five minutes he'd been staring at his best friend. Not just her in general but her breasts. He'd looked at them before. They were hidden by her dull grey bra - that did nothing for her looks - under a tight fitting vest top. Her skin was creamy white without a freckle in sight. The protruding mounds where compact but swelled. He knew that she was a 32b. Small compared to others but he liked that; the perfect breast size in his opinion. She knew how to flaunt her assets without making herself fake. He couldn't take his eyes off them. Feeling eyes on her, she tilted her head up to him. Smirking, she took his hand and stood up. "We'll be back in a minute." As soon as they were out of sight, she leaned against the wall and pulled his head down to hers. Their lips touched for the first time for a brief moment. She pulled away quickly, led him down the hall and up the stairs. Not wanting to waste too much time going all the way up to his bedroom, he followed her in quick procession into the bathroom by his parents' room. She closed the door over and locked it with ease. Lifting her top over her head, she grabbed him and brought his lips back to hers. He took hold of her hips and pushed her against the door. Both battled for dominance in the kiss, neither wanting to back down. It didn't matter though. Oxygen was limited for both, so they had to break apart. Edward's lips dropped down to her chest. He sucked the top of her left breast as his hand came up to cup her other breast. A little moan escaped her lips. Her fingers shot straight to the buckle of his belt. She didn't waste time with removing his belt and pants, but unzipped him and pulled his cock out. He'd grown somewhat hard when he'd been staring at her boobs but when she'd pulled her top off there was no holding back. Gripping his hair, she fell to her knees in front of him. With her mouth wide open, she licked along the side of his cock. After taking him to the back of her throat, she didn't stop moving her head once until he was blasting his sweet cum down her throat. He'd struggled keeping quiet as he was sucked. Some relief came when she pulled off him and stood up. She stood in front of the mirror whilst she licked round her lips and sipped at a little water. Having tucked himself away and buckled his belt, he wrapped his arms around her waist. He lay his lips to her neck before nuzzling the side of her head. They'd always been very cuddly and physical with each other but never talked about it. "We've already touched third base without being in a relationship." "I wouldn't say we're not in a relationship though babe. I feel we just haven't clarified where we are." "Where do you want us to be then? You want to stay best friends? Or do you want to be my girlfriend?" She turned round in his arms, winding her arms around his neck. Pecking his lips, she tilted her head and grinned widely. "Girlfriend. Definitely girlfriend." Both moved their heads forward till their lips met. There was no battle, no need for dominance. Bella was more than willing to let him take the lead. He lifted her by her small waist and placed her on the edge of the counter. Cupping her thighs, he stood between her legs. With one hand holding her hip in a firm grip, his fingers tried to make quick work of her pants. She struggled to stop his hand, suddenly fearing what was coming. Leaning her forehead to his, she broke the kiss. "Wait. Wait babe." Shifting her hips back away from him, she tucked her hair behind her ears. "I'm a virgin." He furrowed his brow as he stood back a little, keeping his hands on her knees. "You're a virgin? You've laughed at me the last two years for being a virgin and you're still one. What the hell Bella?" Shouting at her, he threw his arms up. "I know. I know and I'm sorry. I felt so embarrassed. God, I even thought about finding someone for a one night stand." "Shit Bella. How could you even think that? You know that those things only end in disaster. I thought you respected yourself more than that." "I do. That's why I didn't do it. Now that you know, you can make fun of me all you like. If you don't want to take my virginity then that's fine. I don't care. Now that we are technically a couple I would like it if