A/N: Melyator / muindor : Quenya and Sindarin forms; "dear-brother", bond-brother; an intimate but platonic soul-bond secondary only to a mate's. (A concept that explains why Eldar so often are found in pairs and threes; muinthel is the female equivalent.) And as always, Laurefindë, or Laurë for short, is Glorfindel's Quenya (true) name. ------ The Orc Under The Bed ------ The restful sounds of a night in Imladris filled the valley; rushing water just far enough away so as not to disturb the sense of peace, night insects and birds singing all about, frogs croaking a quiet counterpoint. Despite half the population of the well-protected Eldarin diplomatic center being awake, the world seemed to be entirely at rest under the silver beams of Ithil. It was a deceptive rest, at least to the minds of two young children, currently sitting on their beds not very far apart from one another, and whispering intently with wide eyes. "...and they said the orcs had taken the horses and were eating them before they got there!" Two sets of night-silvered Eldarin eyes set in identical young faces widened even more, at once. "I wonder what happened to the men the orcs killed." "They probably ate them too..." The whisper was hushed, horrified. "Orcs are always hungry..." "Who said?" A moment of pure curiosity. The first boy thought about that for a second, then blinked. "Somebody did... I remember. They even eat each other, and they really like eating people!" "Ai..." Shivers went down the spines of both children. "What else did the hunters say?" A one-shouldered shrug, common to their race. "Little else. They killed the orcs. There was a big battle, but they killed the orcs." That satisfied the second boy for the moment; he turned and laid down on top of his bed, watching the shadows on the ceiling. After a few minutes, however, a small voice spoke up again. "Elln?" "What?" "Are you sure they killed all the orcs?" "What do you mean?" "It's only... what if some got away?" "Oh..." There was silence for about two minutes more, then both boys sat upright again. "Hiri, what if orcs did escape?" Wide eyes met one another in the dark. "What if they got past the guards?" "Maybe they were coming here... to kill all of us!" An audible swallow was the answer. "Orcs hate the Eldar." "We hate orcs." "Yes, but they really hate us!" Both boys trembled for a few seconds, then the one referred to as Elln spoke up again, his voice a bare whisper that even elven ears had to strain to catch. "I wonder who they would come after first?" "Maybe Ada," was the worried response. "No... orcs are stupid. How would they know how important he was?" "Maybe just anybody, then." There was another long pause, then... "I know..." "What?!" the answer was quick, almost a hint of desperation, the need to know. "They would probably want to make sure we were all dead, that we would never come back to get them..." The speaker swallowed. "The orcs will want to kill the children first." "Like us?!" "Probably... Especially since we know what they are planning." With a yelp, Hiri leaped from his bed to his brother's, which was farther away from the open window. Both boys pressed their sides close together as they watched the once-welcoming, suddenly-frightening window with darting eyes, searching for any possibly-threatening movement. "Elln..." he not quite whimpered, "I'm scared..." Elln lifted his chin as if in a touch of pride, protectiveness, as he put his arm around his twin. "I'd protect you, Hiri. Laurë's been showing me how to use a knife." "You're not afraid?" A disbeliving gaze was turned on him. "If I was, I could not learn to be a warrior or a hero," the pride was audible now. Hiri frowned. "Yes, you would be scared. You would have to be. These are orcs , and they want to eat us!" "Heroes are not afraid," his brother insisted firmly. Before the echo of his voice faded, all bravado disappeared as a scrabbling sounded under the window. Identical screams followed the two fleeing boys out the door and down the hall. * The cat outside the window froze at the loud sound, mind startled off its intent stalking of the bird on the neighboring balcony. After a moment, it decided discretion was the better part of feline valor and slunk into the shadows. *** Elrond Peredhel, master of Imladris, primary and seemingly near-continuous diplomat of Middle-Earth, Ringbearer, and one of the three remaining elven lords east of the great sea, was enjoying a well-deserved night of sleep after a day of negotiations with a party from Gondor, before resuming said negotiations in the morning. At least, he was until a loud crash from the vicinity of his door woke him with an abrupt start. Instinct and millenia of life as a warrior snapped his hand toward the dagger tucked under the edge of his bed, a habit kept even here in the safety of his home, but despite the speed of his race he had barely begun to turn over before he was assaulted. His chest was quickly compressed by a flying weight while another landed partly on one leg. Attack-instinct was silenced instantly, however, by the parent-sense that told him the identity of his attackers even before voices joined bodies. "Ada, Ada!" yelled one, as the other cried at the same time, "Help!" Elrond blinked in startlement and lifted himself up on one elbow as his twin sons scrambled off him and under the covers between him and his wife, who responded to their curling against her by tucking her arms around both the little ones. "Help? What is wrong?" he asked, the part of him that was father alarmed even as the rest of his mind tried to comprehend what might cause harm to his children in the sanctity of Rivendell. The answers came at once, muddled by one another, but one word uttered by both came through clearly. "Orc!" "Orc?" Fully awake now, his alarm grew slightly. "Where? What orc?" Elladan lifted his head from his mother's shoulder, eyes huge. "The patrol that found the orcs-" "They lost some!" Elrohir interrupted. "Orc got away-" Elladan continued so quickly the words were barely intelligible. "It's outside!" the younger of the two by bare minutes wailed, twisting to bury himself in his father's side. Elrond frowned, remembering back to the patrol which had come to give him a report that afternoon. The warriors had told him that none of the small party of three scouting mountain goblins had lasted long enough to scream, much less run away. But how had the twins heard of the incident at all? "The orcs were killed," he informed his frightened children. "There are no more orcs." Elrohir lifted his face from Elrond's ribcage. "We heard him! Outside!" Elrond sighed. He looked to Celebrían, who raised one delicate eyebrow, then reached inward toward his bonded-brother, his melyator, only to discover that Laurë was sound asleep. He shook his head slightly, and lifted the light weight of his son off of himself in order to slip out of his bed. He doubted highly that any orc would dare come alone into Imladris, or that that orc would get as far from the guarded border as the settlement itself, but for the peace of mind of the twins, he would go to their room and find out what they had actually heard. The boys scrambled out of the bed after him, waiting in mid-room as he reached down to take the knife he had searched for before. He did not think that there was an orc in Imladris, no, but if there was something that had frightened his children he would deal with it. Such was the duty of a father, he thought with an inner touch of amusement toward his mate. Celebrían barely smiled outwardly, but her returned amusement he could feel, as well as her decision to remain comfortably in bed and let him handle this particular incident. Where had Elladan and Elrohir come up with the idea that there were escaped orcs? he wondered as he made his way barefoot down the empty, silent hall with dagger in hand and the twins trailing close behind. And what made them think there was one outside their bedroom? With a single sweeping glance within the twins' room, Elrond took in the scene. Both beds were rumpled, obviously lain in at some point. The curtains were pulled halfway back from the window, and moonlight shone through in silver falls. There was no sense of danger around, no touch of evil that his warrior's soul could gather. He walked to the window and looked out. All was calm out there as well. Peace was heavy upon the valley. "Children," he turned and met two identical worried faces poking around the doorway, "there is no orc here. I sense no orc anywhere near Imladris. I do not know what has given you such nightmares, but you would do best to put them behind and sleep." Elladan and Elrohir were slow in coming, but they did finally come fully into the room, still looking worried but at the same time somehow almost sheepish. Elrond could not help a very slight smile at the sight of his children. "Come, little ones," his voice softened, and they responded by moving as one to him. He hugged both briefly, then led each to their beds. He lingered briefly beside Elrohir's, finger brushing back a lock of tousled dark from his younger son's eyes. "Do not fear. You are safe. Orcs are far away from here. Sleep now." With that final reassurance, he turned and left the room, sighing slightly when no one could see it. He truly was tired; even Eldarin endurance could only last so long, especially when he had been awake for much of the last week. That thought bade with it musings on the stubbornness of men of Gondor, and Elrond quickly dismissed both from his mind. That reality would come soon enough come morning. *** "Elln?" a small voice broke the stillness barely after their father had left. "Yes?" the second, slightly sleepy voice answered. "Did we really make-believe about the orc?" A longer pause this time. "Ada says so." It was not the answer the boy wanted, but he sighed, and shrugged slightly nonetheless. "I suppose. But what about the orc party? They were real." "Yes..." Silence fell as two young minds pondered that, then as the late hour began to have its effect on the children. A few quiet yawns were all that were spoken for some time, then- "Elln!" The older twin sat bolt upright in his bed, his tension mirroring that suddenly in his brother. "What?" "I saw something! Outside! A shadow..." "Hiri, there are probably many people who could be a shadow. There's a whole road out there." "But the shadow didn't look elf or human! It was big ," Hiri emphasized for effect, "and all hunched over!" A second passed, while Elln considered that. "It was?" "Yes... Aiai!" Hiri suddenly shrieked, leaping out of his bed and toward his brother's, but not stopping there, scrambling over and to the door. It took less than two seconds for Elln to look to see the shadow that had frightened his twin, then to flee from his own bed into the hall, heart pounding wildly. "Ada...!!" * The traveling human merchant, late for his arrival into Imladris but grateful for the half-nocturnal nature of elves that kept them up and about to let him in to safety, reshouldered his large pack of goods and trod onward to a place to sleep for the night, completely unaware of the effect his mere presence was having on two young minds. *** For the second time in one night, Elrond found himself aware of his offsprings' presence