Editors Notes: I came up with the idea for this story last Christmas when I heard for the first time Mahalia Jackson rendition of "What Child is this". I'm not usually a big fan of soul, but it spoke to me, and the church and the bible scene came to me. After I wrote "I hope you had the time of your life" I thought it would work better as part of that story arc rather than a stand-alone story. I'd encourage you to listen to it before reading, the first scene goes so well with it. Here's a link… watch?v=DdaqMqZJykw For anyone who hasn't read chapter 2 of "I hope you had the time of your life" I based the character of Rev. Mike Ryan on the monsignor in 'Guess who's coming to dinner' and a minister I once knew (Who wasn't Irish though.) This story has grown and grown so it's in two parts, I'm planning on posting the second within a week. I've also tried a different style, this is written in the third person narrator rather than the first person, so let me know what you think. A note of warning, there is a pretty extreme oral sex scene at the end so if you prefer romance and not the hard stuff stop reading just after the nightmare, you'll get plenty of warning before it starts heating up and you won't miss any plot, just the juicy stuff. This story is a gift to my two most supportive readers Vykki_Q and Elizabeth. Thanks Guy's you lift me up! Merry Christmas ;-) Enjoy. See end note for more… 'What child is this' Mahalia Jackson What child is this, who, laid to rest, On Mary's lap is sleeping? Whom angels greet with anthems sweet, While shepherds watch are keeping? This, this is Christ the King, Whom shepherds guard and angels sing: Haste, haste to bring Him laud, The babe, the son of Mary. Why lies He in such mean estate, Where ox and donkeys are feeding? Good Christians, fear, for sinners here The silent Word is pleading. Nails, spears shall pierce him through, the cross he bore for me, for you. Hail, hail the Word made flesh, the Babe, the Son of Mary. So bring him incense, gold, and myrrh, Come, peasant, king, to own him. The King of kings salvation brings, Let loving hearts enthrone him. Raise, raise a song on high, The virgin sings her lullaby Joy, joy for Christ is born, The babe, the Son of Mary. This, this is Christ the King, Whom shepherds guard and angels sing: Haste, haste to bring Him laud, The babe, the son of Mary. Sorry everyone… this time of the year is frantic so I had to break this up. I definitely will be posting the end in a couple of days or so, promise! OK and I also know it rarely snows in Forks that early in the season, but WTF I've only seen the snow twice in my life so I wanted a white Christmas damn it! takes deep breath… It was a cold, dark night, mist swirled around the newly fallen snow that lay crisp and fresh on the ground. The streetlights seemed to make no headway against the mist and the only other illumination came from the small church, the light blazing from its large windows like a beacon in the frosty night. Edward's Silver Volvo crunched to a halt on the snow as they pulled up opposite Fork's High in the parking lot of the Fork's First (and only) Congregational Church. Edward left the engine running so Riley could saviour the heat for a few moments more before they made their dash to the Church. Edward also needed time to collect his thoughts… he had no idea why he let Riley drag him along to this. He hadn't set foot in a church for 85 years. He was more than a little worried. His Religious upbringing had been heavy on the old testament, a wrathful God eager to strike down any sinner, and as far as Edward could see he was the greatest mass murder in Forks at the moment, couldn't get much higher on the sinner list. As if sensing this Riley took Edwards right hand off the steering wheel and laced his fingers through it. It was ice cold, but Riley had learnt not to flinch at it. His super-hot hand began to warm it as Riley tried to poor all his love and support into the gesture. Riley said nothing. He didn't need to. Edward could hear his thought clearly. Encouraging. Loving. Edward couldn't believe how lucky he was to have finally found someone after all this time… and not just anyone, but someone who's love for him blazed like a forest fire. Warmed his cold dead stone heart till he felt it almost start to beat again. Riley gave Edward's hand a little squeeze and asked mentally if Edward was ready. Edward was amazed at how Riley had fallen into telepathic communication with him. He had just taken it in his stride as if it were normal that his every thought could be heard rather than being freaked out as most people would be. He also had learnt how to hide his thoughts to some degree which Edward found irritating but strangely endearing. Riley never hid bad thoughts, or trivial ones. He usually put his effort into hiding things that either would hurt Edward, or a surprise he was going to give Edward. Edward had had no surprises in 85 years, knowing what everyone was thinking almost before they did, meant that life was very predictable. Riley's first surprise had knocked Edward sideways and he wasn't sure he liked it. But when he knew he could trust Riley, that it was all from love, Edward came to relish the sensation. Riley was the first person to show such care. Even his family hadn't. Though this didn't stop the ever curious Edward prying into Riley's mind to try and get a glimpse, something Riley found out and turned against Edward in a playful way. Edward still didn't have a clue what Riley had bought him for Christmas… Riley careful never thought about presents when in Edward's presence, or to tease him thought of the most ridiculous ones… I pneumatic sextoy for example that just freaked Edward out. Riley enjoyed fucking with Edwards head a little, which Edward also thought incredibly captivating and also mightily irritating. The only other character fault Riley had, if you could call it that was his persistence. Once on track he was unstoppable, impossible to dissuade, like now with the simple raising of an eyebrow he again asked if Edward was ready. Edward let out a totally unnecessary breath to emphasis his reticence and nodded. 'Let's do this' thought Riley. And the theme from mission impossible ran through his head. Edward rolled his eyes, Riley gave him a small smile, at first mischievous, then contrite. He was trying to lighten the atmosphere but knew Edward too well to think he could succeed. He apologized with his eyes and it took all Edwards strength not to go over and kiss Riley in front of everyone… but that would have broken the vampire's cardinal rule, 'never make a spectacle of yourself'. They hurried as fast as the ice would allow Riley to walk unaided, over to the entrance to the church, clouds of mist coming from Riley's mouth, and even from Edward's with the temperature differential from his body that was at room temperature or just below and the cold outside. Edward took Riley's hand when he skidded… people's opinions be damned; he wouldn't allow Riley to hurt himself just because of what people may think. They came to the entrance to the church where the light blazed out. Most of the small congregation had already fled inside into the comparative warmth. The long suffering minister stood on the threshold rubbing his hands to keep them warm and looking for any last stragglers. His eyes came to rest on Riley and Edward coming over. A smile graced his face. He knew Riley… he and his mother were regular attendees, he admired that they helped the Quileute down on the res, which is where they met and the way they were friends with them not patronizing like some 'do-gooders'; but who was his friend? His smile broadened. A new young person to their small congregation. He raised his eyes to the havens and quietly thanked God for his providence. Edward smiled at the thought. "Merry Christmas Master Biers… And who do we have here with you." He said in the sing song light Irish brogue. "This is my friend Edward Cullen, He's Doctor Cullen's son, they are new to town, and I thought he might like to see what we do for Christmas." Said Riley. Taking the minister's proffered hand and shaking it. Edward extended his hand as well. "It's an honor sir." Said Edward in his best kiss ass way, half smile and everything, he thought he might need all the allies he could get to make it through this night intact. "The pleasure is all mine master Cullen and call me Mike, everyone does, I'm only sir to me bank manager, and he doesn't mean it." he said with an impish smile gracing his face. Edward returned the smile. "Oh laddie, your hand's freezing," said the minister. Edward immediately retracted it. "I guess it's that time of year." Said Riley coming to Edward's aid. "Get inside the pair of you before your freeze to death, I've got me electric long johns on under this." He pointed to his cassock. "God's warmth needs a little helping hand on nights like this." Another smile. Edward couldn't help liking the man. He was one of the kindest men he knew, his thoughts all pure and joyous. Riley placed his hand on Edward's shoulder and guided him inside. The unmistakably intimate gesture was not lost on the minister who let out a little knowing smile. Which Riley missed and Edward didn't notice, he was too busy staring with dread at the altar. Riley noticed Edwards hands was trembling… to anyone looking they would have presumed it was from the cold, but Riley knew it was from fear. Edward had never been afraid since he was changed, but he was now petrified. He dragged his gaze from the alter and up to the rafters of the ceiling, he almost expected the roof to peel off and bolts of lightning and brimstone to come falling down upon him. Riley took his hand tightly. Another gesture the minister noticed who was following them in, having decided there would be no more latecomers and it was time to get started. Riley thought clearly to Edward… 'it's ok… nothing's going to happen.' Edward glanced at Riley nervously. Riley saw the terror in his eyes. Edward again returned his gaze to the ceiling. Riley followed it and put two and two together. They took a pew near the back by themselves so no one could see them. Edward was barely holding it together; Riley knew keeping up appearances for others would be too much. Riley again thought to Edward whose gaze was still fixed on the ceiling. 'there is no way, no how, God is going to strike you down… if he tries he has to come through me.' Edward again looked at Riley sceptical, until he saw the determination burning in his eyes, he meant it… he would stand in the way of the Lords lightning bolts to shield Edward. 'I mean it Edward… I would stand between you and harm any day, even defy God if I have to.' Edward swallowed. He gazed deep into Riley's eyes and saw the sincerity there. What did he do to deserve such loyalty? The minister started the service. There were a few hymns, some bible readings and then