A Wolfs Cry in the Distance "I Am Made Of You" by Ricky Martin I came a long way From out of nowhere I stand before you All alone Like a wolf's cry in the distance I heard the calling Of your soul Oh... I hear you cryin' [CHORUS:] With your love Show me how to live 'Cause you are made of me And I am made of you With your life Show me how to give You are made of me And I am made of you We'll walk together Through the fire Through the darkness To the sun Like two raging rivers full of passion At the ocean We are one Oh... I hear you cryin' [REPEAT CHORUS] I am made of you You are made of me And everything you are Is what I'm meant to be I am made of you You are made of me And everything I am Is what you made of me Oh... I hear you crying Oh... Through the darkness To the light: [CHORUS] With your heart Show me what is true 'Cause you are made of me And I am made of you With your soul Walk my spirit through You are made of me And I am made of you Oh... I hear you crying through the darkness, through the light Beginning notes. Well here it is the first chapter of the saga "Wolfs cry in the Distance" which "I hope you had the time of your life" is part of (about half way through now by my reckoning). I'll work on both and post as often as I can. The title came from a Ricky Martin song "I am made of you" when I re-heard it early last year I started coming up with the plot of this saga. I was thinking of holding it back for a story solely about Jacob and the shifters, but that's stuck in writer's block, and it fits this story too well. I originally had written a completely new character for this story, but I thought it might work better if I used a recognizable person from fandom, so I picked Riley Biers, mainly because he was played in Eclipse by the hot Australian actor Xavier Samuel. I have taken great liberties with his character, basing it instead on a close friend of mine (who I have promised will remain nameless – another reason for adopting Riley) Of course all characters belong to SM, I've just had fun playing with them. Thanks SM, your boys and girls have got me though some tough times! See end for more notes - Chapter 1 – Like a wolfs cry in the distance Friday 11 September 2003 EPOV As I walked into school I heard Carlisle's words ringing in my ear… "Look out for the Biers child, his mother isn't expected to make it, he's all alone in this world as far as I know." I could relate to that, though I had only been at school for two weeks, I knew him to have no friends, a complete loner. I remember quizzing Carlisle on Mrs Biers' prognosis, the doctor in me couldn't help it. After a lengthy conversation I agreed the cancer was deep rooted. He's done his best to remove it, but… Mrs Biers was our Music teacher at Forks Junior High; she was a formidable woman. The best way to describe her was like a 5 foot Katherine Hepburn, bun and all. Skinny as a rail, but smartly dressed. No makeup. She meant business. She and her Son had apparently migrated from Australia two and a half years earlier, but she had very little trace of an accent, If I were to be asked I would have said she was English, she sounded like one of those Shakespearian actors who pronounce their vowels perfectly. I got on well with her. She was very talented, but strict. Given the era I was brought up in that was no problem. I was horrified to hear of her prognosis so soon after meeting her. Then I remember Carlisle's frown and his thought… 'You didn't pay attention to what I really asked you?'; then began a long conversation about how I, a 100-year-old immortal could interact with a 15-year-old kid. Carlisle simply retorted that in his conversations with this 'kid' he showed more maturity then many adults he had seen and that he would 'surprise' me. I still walked with trepidation at the thought of what I was going to do. I had never met the Biers kid. All thoughts about him from his fellow students were that he was a loner… or more cruelly a looser. We shared English classes but didn't sit together; Mr Mason assigned us to different tables because our placement scores were both the highest in the class and he thought we could aid other less capable students. After a week he had thought about re-assigning us to sit together since neither of us was any trouble and that would be at least one corner of the class room he wouldn't need to pay attention to. Biers was smart, polite, the teachers loved him. His thoughts were clouded in worry and fear… there was something dark and malevolent about his background, that I felt before the diagnosis, hard to read through all the clutter of chatter from a new class. But the fear for his mother had wiped all other thoughts from his mind shortly after that. English was in the afternoon and we had no shared classes before then. I knew Carlisle had mentioned it to all his 'children' so Jasper would keep an eye out for him in history in the morning. They shared a desk and Jasper appeared to get along well with him… or as well as Jasper's weakness would allow. They were both introverts I guess. At lunch all us Cullen's sat together as had been our practice for 50 years. We had been periodically bothered by curious kids, but they eventually got the message and left us alone. I kept an eye out for the Biers child but no sign. On our first days here he had sat by himself in the far corner of the room. He kept an eye on us and the crowds which circled around us, but always remained aloof. I could read his thoughts; that once he had been the 'shiny new toy of the school' to quote him, but that all faded. He half enjoyed us coming down to earth and half pitied us. Strange in 80 years of being an immortal I had never been pitied by a human… I found the feeling disturbing, yet strangely compelling; I needed to know more. I remembered as the days went on and we stared in sports, Emmett in particular shining in football, Jasper baseball, Alice - despite her height - netball, I modestly on the track. Every male teacher or student had a crush on Rosalie. Biers sympathy evaporated and was replaced by coldness… he realized it wasn't the nature of things for every star to come crashing down to earth and turn into a burnt cinder, some stayed aloft and mesmerized everyone. I was taken out of my reverie by the entrance of said Biers kid. He was averagely good looking, dark blond hair, lean and lightly muscled and about 5'9". Unlike every other kid who bought their meal from the cafeteria, he had his lunch with him; which was curious enough. He went over to the soda machine thinking he had run out of soda from home yesterday. He tried not to pay attention to us, but he always glanced over to us. Particularly, when I caught him looking, he flushed and returned to his job at hand, feeding what seemed like a thousand coins into the machine that he had raided from a jar at home, he was thinking he had no other money in the house. In his flustered state he dropped some of the coins and let out a muffled curse, a few chuckles came up from the crowded room at his expense. He began cursing himself that he hadn't remember to go to the canteen to change them for larger denominations. His nervousness showed and he dropped a few more coins, he was rapidly becoming the floor show of the canteen. He was so flustered that he fed too many coins in and departed with his coke leaving the remaining coins and hurrying out the door to the humor of all. I went over to the machine to retrieve his lost change and eyed a short fat kid that was making a b line for it, he rapidly retreated. I then followed the Biers kid out the door. When I got outside there was no sign of him. If I had of been human that would have been the end of it, but I could smell his scent in the air and followed. The scent lead me away from the school buildings and into the woods that stood on the mountains surrounding the school. I saw his figure disappear into the trees and followed. When I caught up with him as he walked through the woods I let him know my presence with a simple "Hey." Without turning around he said "fuck off." Unlike his mother he had more of an Australian twang, but would still pass for English. There was a few moments pause where he sniffed the breeze that was blowing through the woods past me, then he almost pirouetted his turn was so fast. His eyes clapped onto me and a flush bloomed on his cheeks. Did he just know my scent? "Oh… it's you. Sorry." He allowed himself to say. I knew that there was a lot more he was holding back. "You left these." I said extending my arm and opening my palm to show the few coins that rested there, I tried to not tower over him, but concealing our 4 inch height difference wasn't easy. A surge of anger swept through him and he swept the coins from my hand and departed further into the woods with a bitter "I hope you enjoyed the show." Parting from his lips. I was lost for words. I paused for a moment to work out what to do next. Would it be best to just let him go and lick his wounds in private? But I remembered that I promised Carlisle, I would look after him… so I followed. He went further into the woods and came upon a stream flowing amid the rocks. He sat on a rock overlooking it and without moving his head shouted "What!" He had good tracking skills for a human I'd give him that. "I'm sorry." I replied. He turned his head to look at me… A single eyebrow raised in the most expressive way and he waited for me to explain, clearly annoyed I was on 'his' territory. "I should have helped you in the canteen." I replied. Another surge of anger followed… "I know how to use a damned coke machine!" he spat. What do I do now? I guess there is no easy way out of this just plunge forward. "No I meant letting them laugh at you, it wasn't…" I paused for a second thinking of the right vernacular…"cool. I'm sorry." His anger dipped for a minute, replaced by something warm but just as soon as it left, it re-emerged. "I don't need your help." Well this is going well… change track "They should be nicer to you. With your Mother…" he didn't let me finish the sentence when he was up on his feet and prowling – yes there is no other word to describe it – prowling to me. If I were human I would be more than a little nervous at this stage. "How did you know?" he said venomously… "My Father is Dr Cullen, he operated