In Plain sight. Edward is the king of the Seattle gay scene. Emmett a failed rock star who's let himself go, now an executive and Edward's long suffering flat mate. He like all men was in love and lust with Edward, but never rated. Will a blond stranger drag Emm away from unrequited love? Will Edward come to his senses and see that some of the best things in life are hidden in plain sight? Beginning Notes The idea for this story had been running through my head for months and I wrote this as a one shot, in one sitting, in a day. It's basically about inner beauty and the obsession for superficial good looks in this world. It turned out differently then I planned and one day I might write my original idea, which was a lot darker, as an outtake… if anyone is interested (hint) Enjoy... ~xxXxx~ Emmett stood propped up against the bar in an expensive suit with his silk tie loosened admiring the view, his favourite view. Edward on the prowl. Edward was dressed in skin tight black jeans that showed his ass and large bulge to full effect and a t-shirt that was a size too small for him that showed off his body amazingly. They were in 'Gomorrah' the hottest gay nightclub in Seattle and Edward was king of the walk. At 25 he had everything; looks, a body to die for, and the attitude to match and was loaded up with Daddy's hard earned cash... Edward took home a different guy every night and then pumped and dumped their asses. And they were only the hottest… the 'also rans' only got to suck his cock in the back room or maybe if they were ALMOST good enough, he'd fuck them in the back room. Exactly why Edward had this power over all men no one could answer without experiencing it. That's why Emmett couldn't answer it he guessed… Emmett was Edward best friend and long suffering flat mate. He like all men was deeply in love and lust with Edward, but he never rated with Edward. Before Emmett moved to Seattle from Nashville seven years ago Emmett and his dreams had been crushed. He had hoped to be a big star in the music industry. But luck and he had to admit, talent, were never on his side. It had been too cruel; he was born in Gatlinburg, not even 4 hours' drive from the mecca of music… But it was not to be. So he did like all 'successful' failures in music did, he went into PR. Which with his charm he was good at… very good at. He got a tip from a sympathetic manager he had and it had paid off. He entered at the ground floor and now he was an executive. He was earning a fortune. He drove the sports car he always wanted and had an SUV to go off-roading, he had a pad to die for and a log cabin in the woods… He should be happy… Well he would have been, but it wasn't his dream. No one screamed his name. He didn't see his face on posters. Hot young guys don't throw their underwear at him. If fact no one throws their underwear at him, because he was 32, which in gaydom is nearly dead and to make matters worse when he crashed he crashed big time. He started drinking and he just gave up. He put on 40 pounds, but fortunately with his height of 6'1" and his happy go lucky personality he could carry it off or so he was told by friends and colleagues. But it was the death knell of his sex life. No one wants a chub, except another chub, and well he had given up but not THAT much… not yet. His friends said he should find some nice middle aged man who would settle down with him and make him happy; that looks weren't everything. And he knew that was true… but he knew it would be just another failure in his life. He would make that kind old man miserable. Every morning he would wake up and instead of seeing love in Emmett's eye he would see disappointment. No one deserved that. So he just followed Edward around picking up after his messes. He didn't know why he still did this… yes he did, because he loved him. He loved him since the day the cocky 21-year-old walked into his pad in answer to the add he had placed in the gay news for a share apartment. He had been so in love with him he had dropped the asking price for rent, because what was money when you could have that living with you. And even after Edward had made it clear Emm wasn't his 'type' they hit it off. Edward had a great sense of humour as did Emm. They had similar tastes in food and movies, and Edward had a wide ranging taste in music. Emm should be happy. But he wasn't. Because every night he had to lie there and listen to Edwards latest trick screaming out the things that he wished he was given half a chance to. Emm still half hoped that one day Edward would grow up and realise what was good for him. But then he guessed that would be the same for Edward as Emm and the grandpa everyone kept trying to organise him with. Emm was dragged from the retrospective of his failed life by Edward coming up to him with his arm around a hot blond twink and stating, not asking, but stating. "Were heading home." Then not waiting for Emm and walking out the door with his latest conquest. 'Guess the nights over.' Thought Emm downing his coke. Yes, to add insult to injury he had gone on the wagon to keep his job and so now he was the designated driver. 'great, another couple of blocks of watching Edward's tongue down another guy's throat.' Emm slammed the can down on the counter crushing it into a small circle with one hand. That trick occasionally gets a twink interested… but only the really drunk ones. Now he did it because he was pissed off. Tomorrow morning, he would tell Edward he was taking cabs from now on… …. In the morning Emm sat on the terrace of his 20th floor penthouse apartment looking out at the bay. He had killer views. And a killer headache to match. He hadn't got a wink of sleep till the early hours of the morning. The blond twink was pretty new to the game, if not a virgin and Edward's love rocket certainly sent him off. Emm didn't need the lurid descriptions of what was happening last night in Edward's room being shouted out. He already had heard so many different descriptions of Edward's cock; size, shape, colour, not to mention how it felt, he would have sworn he had seen it… of course no such luck. Emm saw a bleary eyed blond kid with half his clothes in his hands stumbling out through the lounge in tears, then slamming the front door after him. Fuck this was the worst part. Edward could be such an asshole… but he had a one fuck policy that he enforced more rigorously then the tax laws were. Edward sauntered out onto the deck with a cup of coffee in hand wearing nothing but silk boxers. His semi hard-on swinging free. He'd obviously just had a good-bye fuck before he threw the kid out. "You're a shit." Emm said to Edward. "Love you too."" Edward said and blew Emm a kiss back. "Look Eddie..." Emm knew Edward hated that name and he bristled satisfactorily. "Do you have to do it to the kids… the guys that have been around, fine, their fair game, but that poor little bastard, it was probably his first time. You could have fucked him up for life." "It certainly was his first time; and the only thing that is going to fuck him up for the rest of his life is that he's never going to have a better root than he just had." Edward was in no way joking and took a swig of his coffee. Emm sometimes really wondered why he like Edward. He had changed once he realised the power he had over men. The cockiness became arrogance. "You know Eddie, one of these days you're going to end up old and unwanted…" "What like you." Shot back Edward, he had a knack with being able to read people as though he were telepathic, he used to use it to make Emm laugh, now he used it to hurt Emm and control others. He of course hit home with that remark and it hurt like a mother fucker… But Emm pretended to ignore it and move on to his point. "And everyone you have fucked around with will remind you what you did to them." "Doubt it…" said Edward. "I'll be hot for ever, because I'm not going to let myself fall to pieces and turn into that." Another dig. It was enough for one day. Emm got up and walked inside to get changed. "Oh Ed… get a cab in future, your chauffer just quit." Emm said over his shoulder and walked inside. Edward stood there with a "What did I do?" expression on his face. …. Emmett deliberately avoided Edward for lunch. They usually ate together but he was still pissed with him and he knew it would probably take Edward a couple of days of cold shoulder before he worked out that he had done something wrong and apologise. By then he would have forgotten what it was but he would go through the motions, grovel if need be and Emm like the dumb blood hound he was would crumble and accept it. No, today he was having lunch at "Temptation" a five-star restaurant that he knew Edward hated. He was dining with Alice, Seattle's top fashion commentator and a top designer herself and for her sins Edward's older sister and her friend's Rosalie Hale who was Seattle's top restaurant critic and Bella Swan who was her partner and a secondary school teacher, they all knew each other through 'Gomorrah'. Alice was similar in many ways to Edward, she had a sharp tongue when she wanted to, she knew she was beautiful and talented. She just didn't rub it in like Edward. She was actually very embarrassed of Edward's behaviour and glad Emm was there to keep it in check before he pissed the wrong person off and wound up in hospital. Alice also never had the same boyfriend for long, but that was for a different reason. She had terrible taste, she always picked good looking scum bags. She would pour all her heart into them and they would end up cheating or taking her for granted so she'd dump them and move on. She had told Emm that even though he was not her type, if he ever decided to go straight then she was his gal. Alice and Bella had ben best friends since grade school and when Rosalie, Bella's partner came along she fitted into their group. They were an incongruous couple. Bella short and dark, Rosalie a tall leggy blond. Bella shy and kind, Rosalie the ice queen. Just as well Emm could get along with anyone, according to Bella he was the only person other than Bella that could call Rosalie Rose. On the other hand, there was an open hostility between Rose and Edward… they were too much alike to get along. "I don't know why you put up with him." Said Rose archly. "It's not like you need the money he's giving you. Chuck him out on the street and let him fend for himself for once… might be the making of