Who's Mowing Your Grass Edward's partner Luke arrives home from visiting his mother in a nursing home to find Edward Mowing the lawn… Hot, Sweaty and… horny. A smutty extract from a yet un-posted fanfic 'Cullenry'. I am unveiling a new Non-twilight original character 'Luke Eaton' that if people like him I am planning to use in some other works. So please feel free to comment on him. Also I have written some of the background story to this so if anyone wants more I'll post it early in the new year when I have finished proofing it. Enjoy… Monday October 26 Luke Eaton pulled up outside the house chasing the feelings of guilt away. Every time he went to the nursing home to visit his mother it was the same, she wanted to come home, but couldn't understand why it was impossible. She was too frail for Luke to look after any more… He tried to tell himself that he had done his duty; he had put his life on hold for 15 years to care for her, he had lost his youth in the process, but he wasn't going to lose his lover… the one good thing in his life. His mother was a fundamentalist Christian, and refused to accept his sexuality. She wouldn't even give it head space. After her first stroke when he was 23 Luke knew he could never 'come out' to her - it would probably kill her and he would blame himself for ever… Not that she hadn't guessed, when she used to get drunk she would berate him spending too much time with his 'toy-boy', a conversation she would flatly deny the next day when sober. The thing that really hurt was that back then there really was no-one. Who would have him? He could hardly ever get out. And even when he could, he was only 5'9'', stocky, thinning once dark hair grayed in his 20's due to stress, and he was overweight. There is no way Edward and his mother could cohabitate… even though once, seeing how miserable Luke was when returning from the home Edward suggested that they try. Prince among men that Edward is. Edward was such a rarity, he would sacrifice anything for the happiness of others, for Luke's happiness. A prince among men indeed. He still marveled how he had managed to get such a man… Thanks to Edward's tender care Luke had transformed… most of the weight had gone, daily gym visits defined his large musculature that was brought about by a lifetime of manual labor to pay the family bills, and he now boasted a 50" chest. Though he could do nothing about his height or lack of hair follicles, cut short and dyed he still looked younger than his 39 years… though that also came from happiness, the happiness only Edward could give him. Luke wouldn't risk exposing Edward's beautiful sweetness to the poisonous tongue of his mother when she talked about homosexuals… it would break Edwards heart. No, Luke wasn't giving up Edward for anyone. He shook his head to remove these unpleasant thoughts, Edward didn't like it when Luke was sad, and he would put on a good show for his man. 25-year-old Edward and his 26-year-old Sister Alice ran a small restaurant and bakery 'Cullenry' in the city's main street. Edward had worked in some of Sydney's top restaurants but the pace became too much for the gentle and quiet Edward. So he and his sister took the leap to the regions where they risked all. This is where they met Luke, who as an alderman on the City Council, helped them with their restaurant approval… one thing lead to another and Luke and Edward became an item. Edward and Alice still had to work 6 days a week to keep the restaurant open, Edward getting up at 4am to get the oven ready to bake and up till the restaurant closed at 10pm. They were hoping one day to be able to employ staff but the margins were too thin at the moment to even consider it. He then noticed that Edward had mowed the lawns as he said he would, after a long argument with Luke about why he shouldn't even think about it and should put his feet up instead... Luke felt terrible... it was Edwards one and only day off and he spent it doing mundane chores... No doubt in an attempt to make Luke feel better when he returned from the home. Luke would change as fast as he could and finish off the job… Give Edward a break. But by the looks of things Edward had nearly finished. These thoughts were wiped from Luke's mind as he rounded the house to the back yard, where the most amazing sight he had ever seen greeted his eyes. Edward was pushing the lawnmower, having only a small amount left to do. In the heat he had stripped off to just his shorts; and the sun glistened off a thick sheen of sweat on his pale back. His dark hair usually a kinetic sculpture of perfect imperfection was now plastered to his head with sweat, the strong antipodean sun made it glint a deep auburn like tree resin or dark amber. Luke could see Edward's muscles tautened as he pushed and pulled the lawn mower. His light dusting of dark body hair on his chest and down his happy trail was glued to his skin with sweat. Fuck! If normal Edward was sex on legs, then hot sweaty Edward was a walking orgasm. Luke felt tingly all over as if he was about to do just that. Then Edward noticed Luke and gave him a small wave and then one of his killer smiles. Fuck Luke nearly did cum in his pants. Luke closed the distance between them rapidly, ideas of what he would do with Edward's nicely lubricated body flowing through his mind. When he got to within a couple of meters the wind shifted and the smell hit his nostrils. Oh Fuck! Sweaty Edward smelled better then he looked if that was possible. He smelt like raw sex. Like a nuclear orgasm if there could be such a thing. Luke walked up behind him and kissed his shoulder; which was easy to do since Edward had a good four inches on Luke in height, placing an arm around Edward's hot sticky waist. He inhaled deeply then ran his tongue over his shoulder blade. Edward slipped out of his grip. "I'm filthy, you'll ruin your clothes." he explained at Luke's confused look. "Clothes are meant for washing, and you look amazing... I want to fuck you right now!" purred Luke. "I like the thought..." Edward flashed a tired but devious half smile that went straight to Luke's groin, "But can it wait a while... I'm pretty beat." said Edward a glint of apology in his eyes as he wiped his forehead with the back of his arm sending another burst of scent in Luke's direction as his haired armpit was exposed. The filthy smile on Luke's face was wiped away. "Oh, yeah... I forgot what a big job these lawns are... I'm sorry. You must be exhausted." And even though Luke was disappointed he meant it, nearly an acre of grass to mow by hand would take it out of anyone. Edward finished the two strips he had left to do, then killed the mower engine. "Look, you go inside and freshen up... I'll put this away." Said Luke. "You sure?" "Least I can do." replied Luke. Edward was beat and he gracefully accepted the help. "Better have some water... you need to keep hydrated." said Luke. "Thanks Mom." Edward said the throwaway line over his shoulder as he walked into the house without thinking. He didn't see the involuntary shudder Luke gave to that statement. All of the day that had preceded this moment came flooding back in a wave of guilt. When Edward had gone inside Luke put the mower away, talking to himself under his breath as was his want; the result of a life spent mostly alone. "Fuck... why does my life have to be like this." he said... then he caught himself. "Oh man up princes... what have you got to complain about... you're never satisfied with your lot. Your career is going fine and you have a fuck hot boyfriend... a couple of years ago you would have punched yourself for complaining… So your mum's only 73 and is nuts and in a home and loves yanking you chain… So it looks like you'll never fuck him when he smells like that... big fucking deal... the regular sex is great... fuck its more than great, it's amazing! So wake up to yourself." As Luke was talking to himself, Edward was in the kitchen taking Luke's advice and downing a whole bottle of water in one go... he didn't realize how thirsty he was. This made him feel much better. He was about to head into the bathroom when he remembered Luke's smoldering look when he saw him in the yard. He hadn't seen that raw passion on Luke' face before. It covered Edward's body in goosebumps just thinking about it... he wondered what kind of sex they would have with Luke in that frame of mind... pretty mind blowing he guessed; not that their sex life wasn't anything but great already. Luke was an attentive and respectably endowed lover who knew how to push all Edward's buttons, and had the staying power - amazing almost superhuman staying power - to do it for hours on end leaving Edward completely spent by the end and more blissed out then he ever had been. Edward then remembered how the filthy grin was wiped so easily of Luke's face, replaced by a look of disappointment. Only there for a second before Luke used his phenomenal self-control and replaced it with a fixed regular smile. But the eyes still said it. Edward couldn't stand that look. He never wanted to disappoint his man. He felt life had done that enough to him already… Edward thought about what Luke's day must have been like and nearly kicked himself for his selfishness. Luke needed a bit of diversion, and what did Edward do? Thought about himself… He would do anything to fix it. And he knew just what to do... He grabbed a beer from the fridge for himself and a cider for Luke - what a contradiction Luke was; so manly at times, yet drinking cider? Luke said he had a sweet tooth and that's why he fell for Edward. The corny phrase still made Edward blush. He then headed out to greet his man. Luke was returning to the house from the garage and when he saw Edward his frown disappeared and was replaced with a big smile. "I needed some carbs" Edward said raising the beer bottle in his hand, their usual little joke. "You look like you could do with some as well." He proffered the cider to Luke. "Thanks, you're a mind reader." said Luke taking the proffered Cider. They sat on the cane chairs on the back deck and surveyed Edward's handy work. "I can't thank you enough for doing this." said Luke gesticulating to the garden. "And on your only day off." "It's nothing." "It looks great. You should have used the ride on." "Yeah, couldn't get the bastard to start, anyway, it looks better done by hand." "True... but I feel so..." Luke was cut off by Edward raising his hand and poking Luke's leg with his foot. "It's done..." said Edward determinedly, Luke left it at that. They sat in companionable silence. Gazing across the garden to the eucalyptus covered mountains in the distance, the heat of the day releasing eucalyptus vapor and tinting them a deep shade of blue. The smell of freshly cut grass in