Saturday 22 September 2018 Edward and Alice sat there nervously waiting, for possibly the most important meeting of their lives… well not quite, but it felt pretty damned important. Their hopes and dreams were on the line… if this didn't work they might have to go back to Sydney, back home to Mum and Dad with their tail between their legs admitting it didn't work… Their parents were great, and supportive and never would have thought less of them... but THEY would think less of themselves. The brother and sister team that were going to take on the world and show them how to cook? Well it didn't work out quite that way. They chose the Bligh region for cheap real-estate and for its tourism… they thought a lot of Sydney swells would want fine dining and fancy cakes and pastries on holidays. They chose the city of Deveron because it was the closest to the wine region of Nuralang. Everyone had to drive through there to get to it, and they got a shop on its main thoroughfare Victoria street, with a flat in the undercroft below saving money. Esme and Carlisle had gone guarantor on the loan which was just enough to buy the premises with a little left over to upgrade it, it was a big job to turn a bakery 'come' cake shop into a gourmet restaurant, so they planned and planned till they slimmed it down to the very bear necessities. Their plan was to run the bakery/cake shop as a going concern to pay as they go on the renovations, but the customers didn't flood in. They had some regular clients who were loyal and there was some passing trade. But it was all much harder than they thought it would be, just to try and keep up the repayments. Their eventual plan was to keep the cake shop going as a side line… but they needed more cash then it could deliver. Their parents and even their older brother Emmett who was an up and coming Sydney Lawyer offered to help out with money till they got on their feet. But they knew if they took it once they might get hooked on getting bailed out by the family, and thus might not try as hard to be a success. No they would stand or fail on this decision… And they were about to see whether it was even practical… even possible… even legal… The one thing they hadn't planned on was local planning laws… and they were in over their heads. They knew they needed help. That was what this meeting was about. Alice got up nervously and went to get some of their best chocolate croissants from the counter… He complimented those the most the other night… The other night. It seemed only hours ago, but that's because they had had very little sleep. Three nights ago Alice and Edward had taken up the City Council on a new promotional offer they were trying. Getting local caterers and restaurants to cook the City Councillors meal for a set fee and have a chance to show off in front of the Cities big wigs. It seemed too good to be true… All had gone fine. They had dressed in all black, jeans shirt apron and caps. They wanted to look the part. They wanted to impress… They had to budgeted carefully so that even though they were slightly over, it wouldn't be too punishing on their bank balance, such as it was. They had to cook a three course meal… the desert was easy… they had plenty of delectations to choose from, said chocolate croissants were one. Since it was still chilly in the evenings they chose a light but warming minestrone soup to start with, followed by chicken parmigiana. Not hugely imaginative, but they checked the backgrounds of most of the Councillors and they were decidedly working class… they didn't want to blow their tastebuds and risk ruining their chance. Everything went fine. The meal went down well… the Council had questionnaire sheets printed that would be passed around after desert for the Councillors to judge the quality of the meal. The scores would be tabulated and at the end of the two-month trial, the highest scoring team would get the contract to cook the Council meals for six months' renewable… it was high stakes… Make or break. They would be given their scores immediately so they would know if they had pleased, but it would be a month before they knew if they scored high enough to win… when some Councillors said they would leave the desert to eat after the meeting Edward nearly passed out… he was so close to having a panic attack that Alice had to subtly rub circles on his back and tell him to breath slowly. All the while Alice noticed that one of the younger Councillors was continually glancing at Edward… and not in a WTF way. By younger he was obviously in his early 40's, hair cut short to disguise that it was thinning, carrying a little extra weight, but carried himself well. Whenever he talked to the other Councillors they listened. One went white during a heated discussion with him. Most deferred to him. Even the Mayor… interesting. Alice took a moment to ask a Council staff member who the balding man in the dark striped suit was. Cllr Eaton the Deputy Mayor… Mmmm thought Alice… not a bad catch for Edward… She asked Edward if he had noticed the man. Edward had been so busy not tripping over or stuffing up in any way he hadn't noticed. He looked at Cllr Eaton just as he made one of his furtive glances. The moment his eyes came in contact with Edwards he immediately looked away. A slight flush coming to his cheeks. Mmmm very interesting thought Alice. "What do you think?" prodded Alice. "This is no time for match making Alice." Said Edward in a harsh whisper. Alice let it drop. After dinner, before the Council meeting, while they were packing away, Cllr Eaton came over to them. He strode across the room confidently, clearly he was in his element; until he got to within a few metres of where Edward was packing dishes and he faltered. Even more interesting Alice thought as she made a b-line over to eavesdrop. Cllr Eaton had seemed over 6 foot while he held court; that was the only way Alice could describe it… cowing and wooing his fellow Councillors… She was surprise to see him about 4 inches shorter than her 6'1'' brother. Still height wasn't everything… charisma was. And this Cllr Eaton had plenty of… accept frustratingly now when Alice wanted him to show it most, now he just modestly waited; waited for Edward to finish his dishes. Aghhhh! One of the Councillors called over that they were about to start and the Deputy Mayor waved at him. Alice made her move… she wasn't going to let it end like this. She went over and bumped forcefully into her brother. "Watch it Alice…" he hissed. Then gulped in shock as he saw they had company. "The meal was delicious." Said the Deputy. "Th-th-thank you." Edward stuttered. Alice hoped that he was as taken aback by the Councillor as she was… but knowing her brother, always slow on the uptake, he was probably just nervous. "Which course did you like the best?" Alice chirped in. "They were all brilliant… but the chocolate croissants were amazing… I haven't had anything like them before." The Deputy said animatedly. "Thank you Cllr Eaton." Alice said. "They're my brother's speciality..." she said pushing Edward forward with her elbow. "Call me Luke." The Deputy offered his extended hand. Edward wiped his hands on his black apron and took his proffered hand. Luke's hand was incredibly hot… like he was somehow internally powered by something inhuman… It was also butter soft, very unusual in this area where the horny hands of the working classes were the norm. "Edward… Edward Cullen." He stuttered. "Pleased to meet you." Said Luke deeply. Edward still hadn't let go of the hand and Luke made no effort to drop his. Alice had a broad smile. When Edward looked at Luke's eyes he could see they were grey, but they were dark with passion. They startled Edward. The look was only a fleeting one as Luke averted his gaze. A flush coming to his cheeks. Edward panicked and broke the hand shake. Alice rolled her eyes and proffered her tiny hand forward. "I'm Alice Cullen." Luke took the hand and shook it gently. His eye contact never breaking with hers, but the dark pools of passion were not there. "A pleasure." Replied Luke. Another Councillor came into the room and called they were waiting. Luke let out a frustrated breath. "Thankyou… do you have a card." He said glancing between Alice and the top of Edwards head as he studied his shoes. Alice proffered one. Luke smiled. "I'll be sure to come by to get some more of those croissants." Luke said with a smile looking at Edward. Alice dug Edward in the ribs and he looked up to be met with Luke's dark eyes again. They were unnerving. Edwards glace hit the floor again. Luke then said "Got to go… See you two soon… thanks again." And with that he was gone. "What the hell's the matter with you?" Alice hissed at her brother. "You could blow the whole thing… that guy has the rest of them in his pocket, a good word from him and they might give us the contract…" "Oh, sorry, I didn't know." Edward looked guilty. "It's ok… what did you think of him?" "He's Straight." Said Edward. "No way, he's not…" "He's got to be… he wouldn't look me in the eyes for long…" "Maybe that's because you wouldn't look at him? Maybe he thinks your straight and doesn't want to embarrass you." "Yea, like I'm straight." Said Edward scoffing. "Lauren certainly thought you were…" "Will you stop bringing her up… that was in high school." "Followed you around like a lost puppy… and what about the formal… when she…" "Let's just get this all cleaned and packed before I find a way to stuff up…" Interrupted Edward. "Again." Said Alice teasing. Edwards eyes watered ever so slightly and she rubbed his arm. "Sorry. You didn't stuff up." Ever since Edwards last relationship ended badly he had had confidence issues… he had blamed himself for it going bad. And now their business was failing he blamed himself for that too. Alice knew only a new relationship would get him out of his shell. Edward was that kind of guy, he didn't function that well by himself, that's why Alice agreed to come all the way out to the arm pit of the State with him. The problem was finding a guy that would put up with Edward and his OCD ways till he got his shit together and knocked them of their feet with the beautiful person he was under the surface. He was pretty high maintenance… that combined with the hours they had to keep to run the bakery without help killed both their love lives. But of course regional Australia was generally homophobic so there weren't a lot of guys for Edward to choose from either. The door to the Council chamber was open and Alice took a path from their servery to the kitchen that came close to it. Her eyes on Luke all the time. Fortunately, he was sitting on the side of the horseshoe shaped Councillors table that faced the door. He smiled broadly at her when he noticed her glancing. She returned it. At her next pass the Mayor had to leave the room because of a conflict of interest and Luke took the central chair at the high table facing the other Councillors. He