Title: Revenge Short summary: All Harry Potter fanfiction writers have at least heard of one story where Harry is either abused or abandoned by his miraculously alive parents in favour of his brother who is mistaken for being the Boy-Who-Lived. I just never thought it would happen to me. [AU/Alternative Universe. OC-centric. Character Bashing.] FULL SUMMARY INSIDE! Full summary : All Harry Potter fanfiction writers have at least heard of one story where Harry is either abused or abandoned by his miraculously alive parents in favour of his twin who is mistaken for being the Boy-Who-Lived. Harry decides to give them the metaphorical middle finger and go about things his own way, damning the consequences and showing up his family and getting into fights with them like a Gryffindor pretending to be a Slytherin. I just never thought it would happen to me. [AU/Alternative Universe. Reincarnated OC! OC-centric. Character Bashing.] Warning/s: OOC canon characters, character bashing, asshole James and Lily, arrogant Harry, very manipulative Dumbledore, morally Grey OC, mental health issues, discriminatory language Chapter One - It Begins I had never been afraid of death, actually, for a large portion of my life I had fantasied about how I would die and what would happen when I did. Would I go to hell, or heaven, or some kind of purgatory, or would I be reincarnated, or would I become a ghost, or would I simply cease to exist? Well, I finally found out. I had died just as I had found a reason to live, during my last breaths I had been out of it enough to think; "Huh, how I ironic I die just as I find joy in life and stop trying to kill myself." I had been reborn, sniggering at the irony of it all. I think I had scared the Healer a bit, since babies usually started crying instead of sniggering when they're born. Well, I'm pretty sure I did since she screamed in fright and dropped me on my head. How charming. My new parents hadn't been the slightest bit impressed at that, and had refused to let her near me. My new dad, James, had kept me cradled closely during the rest of my waking time. My parents had only just finished school a couple of months before having me, so I definitely wasn't planned. They loved me, though. I hadn't realised where I was until my my brother was born just a little over two years later, he was named Harry Potter. Harry freaking Potter. That's when things really clicked, and I had joined the newly born Harry in shrieking my eyes out. That's right, I was the older brother of Harry fucking Potter. I was fucked. I'm not going to survive, Harry never had a brother in canon. I tried warning my parents, and their friends, what was going on but I was ignored. An 'imaginative child' they called me, and became less indulgent the more I tried to warn them. I stopped when it ended with me being spanked, and told; "That's very rude, Harvey!" Harvey. I hated that name because it's not mine, not really. In my previous life I was Hailey Saturn, who died at age twenty-three after reading the Harry Potter series and finding some peace in identifying as a Slytherin that enjoyed writing fanfictions. That would never change. Besides, what kind of people named their kid Harvey ? That's just asking for their kid to get bullied. Honestly, James and Lily have no common sense what so fucking ever. I stopped trying, Harry didn't deserve to be sentenced to over a decade of abuse and neglect by people who are supposed to love and protect them, and Sirius didn't deserve to be sent to Azkaban for a crime he didn't commit. They didn't deserve to go through that, but I can't get James and Lily to listen to me. Adults never listen to children, that's something that will never change no matter what world you live in. That didn't make what any easier to bare when the day finally came, I had been frightened out of my wits when That Day arrived. I had soiled myself the moment I had heard the front door shatter, and I fled to Harry's room as fast as I could to reach for Harry through the bars of my crib. He had cried, and remained where he sat instead of trying to reach for me too. I cried in frustration. Lily practically flew into the room moments after I joined Harry's cries, and picked up Harry and placed him beside me in my cot. I reached for him and held onto him tight, I knew he would live but Lily wouldn't and I was scared. I wasn't scared now that I knew what would happen if I died alongside Lily, I would just be reincarnated somewhere else. No, I was scared for Harry and Lily, the former who would live alone in misery, and the latter who would never see her children or husband that she loves so much, ever again. Curse my compassion! Of course, I screamed in rage when Lily had been taken down by Voldemort, the evil toe rag, and then I had screeched in fear when he aimed his wand at Harry and I. If I hadn't been scared out of my wits, I would have noticed that he had hit her with a red coloured spell instead of a green one, but I didn't. I had felt a reluctant resolve when he turned his wand on Harry and I, as long as Harry survived then I had no need to fear death. Voldemort was going to get what was coming to him, and he had only himself to blame. I remember glaring defiantly at him, as that was all I could do, then he muttered the spell. There was a bright green light, and a large bang, then I blacked out. When I had come to, I had been left on the Dursleys' doorstep and it was still dark out. There was no-one in sight, including Harry. A large part of me felt dread, Harry didn't die, right? There's no way in hell I could be the Chosen One, I was born 30th September! He must have been taken somewhere else, right? There's no way in hell I'm sticking around to find out. I managed to escape the basket in the clumsy way that a toddler can, and I took the blankets and the letter with me as I fled. I walked away and would never looked back, I had survived one abusive family and there was no way in hell I would survive another. I'm not going through that shit in two lifetimes! Despite all my bravado, I was an unstable and insecure mess. I just learned to hide it and internalise it so that no-one would pick up on it and use it to manipulate and hurt me, which was something humans did on a regular basis. Once I was a safe distance away, I checked my forehead and, finding no scar, I sat on the icy cold pavement, relieved beyond comprehension. Then I pulled out the letter, and clumsily opened it, tearing part of the parchment in my haste. I cursed at my tiny body for being so clumsy, and began to read. Dear Mrs Dursley, Unforetunately, Lily and I will not be able to care for our son, Harvey, due to an evil wizard who wishes to kill our other son, Harry, who is more important to the world than Harvey is. To keep him safe, he will have to be left in your care, where no wizard would think to look for him. We're sorry for the inconvenience. Yours sincerely, James Potter. I could feel my own heart breaking. This was like one of those bad Harry Potter fanfictions where Harry was abandoned by his family in order to make presidence for his brother that was mistaken for the Boy-Who-Lived, and he was carelessly left for dead at the Dursleys or an orphanage where he would suffer and it would turn him into some kind of cold-hearted near sociopath that only cared for power and maybe a couple of people. Except, the roles are reversed. Whilst I definitely wasn't the Boy Who Lived, I've been set out the role Harry is supposed to play in these Dark Harry fanfictions. How the hell do I even react to this?! How did James and Lily survive, or was this letter made in advance and Harry was taken by Dumbledore or a member of the Order of the Phoenix? I took a whiff of the parchment. No, the ink still smells fresh, as well as the parchment. It couldn't have been made too long ago then, maybe a couple of hours ago at the most? Did that mean I woke up just after they left? I did the only thing I could do in such a shitty situation, I cried. Once I finished crying, I noticed the sky starting to lighten up, so I wiped off my face, and threw the letter in the bin. I was only a few streets away from the Dursleys, and even if the Potters didn't give a rat's arse about me right now, that doesn't mean that someone else might not investigate why I never made it inside the Dursley's house. Hell, maybe even a few good samaritans would spot me and take me to the police, and I might be adopted by a nice muggle family. Well, nice up until they realise I don't like girls. Meh, it's better than starving on the streets, or being stuck with the Dursleys. With a plan in mind, I decided to get off my arse, and start walking. It had been several years since I had been abandoned by the Potters, and I had been adopted by a nice muggle family. Jane and Rebecca Song are my mothers. Originally it had been Jane and her husband, Mark, but they had divorced four years ago, and Jane and Rebecca had only just gotten together a year ago. I didn't miss Mark, and Jane didn't either. Mark had been one of those men that were filled with toxic masculinity, you know, they types of believe men aren't men if they don't keep their hair short, or show 'softer' emotions such as sadness and love. Yeah, he's a right shit stain. He hadn't loved me much when he noticed that I wasn't interested in toy soldiers and sports, but instead preferred drawing and reading. He didn't bother to keep in contact after he left. Social services had kept sticking their noses in, to see how Jane, my mum, is doing. They're under the impression that Jane and Rebecca are just friends who are supporting each other, instead of being girlfriends. They're keeping their relationship under the radar, encase social services try to take me away under the guise of 'keeping me away from inappropriate things'. What? It's the 90s, LGBT+ people are still treated as jokes during this era. I would know, this is my second time growing up in this era. When I had been found the morning after my abandonment, I had pretended that my name was 'Vincent', after a favourite character of mine. (What? I have a dick and it's going to be years until people accept terms like 'non-binary', so I might as well pick a name that won't cause me trouble until it comes out. It's loads better than Harvey, or Hailey, to say the least. It's better to wait until I'm an adult, and safe to be my true self, before I bring up genders outside of male and female. Besides, I LIKE the name Vincent.) Of course, there were no records of me in the muggle world, so people assumed that I had been the abandoned child of immigrants and shipped into a new home as