Disclaimer: The Twilight Saga does not, in any way, shape, or form, belong to me… A/N: This is my first multi-chapter story, and I'm excited to start writing it. I've chosen to make quite a few changes from the original storyline, which are listed below. 1. I am extremely anti-Edward, so he will not be seen in a positive light. However, I'm also not a fan of Bella's personality in the series, so that will also be altered. 2. I've also made some minor changes to the appearance of one Isabella Swan: her eyes are bright silver in my story, rather than brown. She is also graceful, not clumsy, and her height is 5'9 to Alice's 5'4. These have been changed to better suit the personality that I've designed for her. 3. However, the most significant change is that Alice is intersex in this story, for those of you who missed it in the summary. Anything else should be made clear as the story unfolds. So, without further ado, let's begin, shall we? Whispers of Love Word Count: 3871 Edited: April 15, 2014 " Love is a Familiar; Love is a Devil; There is no Evil Angel but Love." – William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost, Act I, Scene II Chapter One: Introductions Hmm…I could get used to this . For the first time in a long time, I woke slowly, with many lazy yawns and much luxurious stretching. As much as I loved them, Leah and Rachel were always a bit too enthusiastically malicious about waking me up in the mornings. I hummed quietly to myself in pleasure. I'd always been independent, and now that I was eighteen I was living on my own, though I would only be starting my senior year of high school that very morning. At that last thought, I sat up and glanced at the clock. It was only five minutes before my alarm was set to go off, so I quickly silenced it. Fortunately, I had plenty of time to get ready for my first day at Forks High. Reluctantly, I left the warmth of my soft bed, leaving the sheets in a tangled disarray of black silk. There was no need for me to shower—I'd always preferred to shower at night before I went to sleep—so I always dressed immediately after I woke up. Generally, I put little thought into what I wore, but I'd also been raised to believe that what you wore made a statement about you. The world was a superficial place, and people always put too much stock into the image you presented of yourself. So, though little thought went into it, I always dressed well, if not in the way that one would expect. However, I decided that it would be worth it to make the effort that day—first impressions and all that. I gave my closet a cursory glance, before swiftly collecting my selections. My pajamas, black silk men's boxers and a dark blue sports bra, were discarded in favor of my clothes for the day. A pair of designer dark grey bootcut jeans, a black button-up with the sleeves rolled up to my elbows and the top three buttons left open, and a pair of black steel-toed boots adorned my body, hiding from view my matching black lace bra and boyshorts. A black leather jacket completed my ensemble, each and every piece specially tailored to fit my body perfectly. As I made my way leisurely down the stairs, I again took in the sight of my house, my new home in the small town of Forks, Washington. It was a two-story, four-bedroom, three-bath home, with a finished attic and basement. So, really, there were four floors in all. The entire thing was a reflection of me, of my desires, as it should be. After all, I had designed it from the ground up. I'd wanted a house that was completely and utterly mine, from the dark Brunswick brick of the exterior, to the intricate carvings that adorned the black doors and framework of the interior. Every inch of it spoke of my involvement in the process of creating it, and I loved that. I'd spared no expense in the building of my masterpiece, nor had I needed to. My pockets were very deep indeed, and money meant little to me, other than what it meant to the charitable pursuits I presided over on occasion. I'd intended to arrive a bit early to the school, so I had a simple breakfast of mixed fruit and a glass of milk. It was only five minutes later that I was in the garage, ready to go. I'd always had a photographic memory, so I'd never once made use of a backpack. So, I was empty-handed as I considered my car and my motorcycle, unsure which I would rather use for my first day of school. Well, I already know I want to make an entrance, so why not start with my car? I grinned, climbing into my baby. It was a brand new, deep blue Lexus LFA. I'd just traded up from my black Nissan GT-R. The seats were black leather, and the windows were so black-tinted that it was impossible for a human to see in from the outside. Human. A wry smile crossed my face, as I remembered why I'd been so curious and eager to begin my senior year. Forks High was home to more than one species of beings. There was a coven of vampires living in this rainy Washington town—the Cullens. I had never met them before, but my life had long been intertwined with the supernatural. My guardians, Leah and Rachel Clearwater-Black, were shape-shifters. They shifted into wolves, and they had been my primary caregivers since the death of my parents six years previously, when I was twelve years old. Naturally, I'd noticed that they were different from normal people: they were warmer, stronger, faster, and when they were upset they growled. Before I turned thirteen, I had demanded to know their secret, and they had entrusted me with it. The two of them were their own Pack, and Rachel was the Alpha. They were separate from the La Push Pack, which was led by Rachel's twin sister, Rebecca Black. They'd been my guardians, my family, and my protectors. Understandably, they were reluctant to have me so close to a coven of vampires, whether they drank human blood or not. But my mind was made up, so we compromised. Now, I was living in my house in Forks, and the two of them were sharing land with Rebecca's Pack in La Push, just ten minutes down the road. Although, I would miss seeing the two of them in their wolf forms each night, as they went out for a run, Rachel's soft black coat mixing with Leah's light grey pelt. The drive flew by as I raced through the small town, and as I pulled into the school parking lot, a smirk pulled at my lips. As expected, the other students were staring, awestruck, at my baby. I chose a space in the corner of the lot, away from everyone, and grabbed my sunglasses off the seat next to me before I slid out of the car. No need to get all of the shock factors out of the way at one time. To all outward appearances, I was studiously ignoring the whispers that erupted around me, but inwardly I was laughing at how easily excited they were. How shallow we humans are! It took only a shiny new car and mysterious new girl to rile us up. I wondered idly if the same could be said for Forks' resident vampires… Well, personally, I fully intended to enjoy the show, though I wouldn't hesitate to set them straight if they approached me with any of their overplayed flattery and pretty words. I strode toward the office, the picture of confidence and grace, just as I intended. If seen from afar, I entertained the notion that I may even pass for a vampire, to human eyes. A glance around the lot revealed that the vampires, the Cullens, were not around at the moment. But I'd see them soon enough. "Good morning! How can I help you?" a friendly voice greeted me brightly, and I returned my attention to the matter at hand. The receptionist, whose nameplate declared her to be Mrs. Cope, smiled at me warmly. I flashed a small smile at her, and a blush colored her cheeks. Hmm…interesting. "Good morning, Mrs. Cope. My name is Isabella Swan, I'm the new student. I've just come to pick up my schedule," I informed her politely, wondering if she would say anything about my choice of eyewear. Luckily, it seemed that I would be allowed to keep my secret a bit longer, seeing as she didn't even seem to take note of it. She was too busy scrambling to accommodate me, I noted, raising one eyebrow slightly. "Of course, dear!" she agreed, rustling about her desk in a search for my papers, her auburn curls becoming splayed across her shoulders. "Here's your schedule, a map of the school, and I'll need you to get this paper signed by your teachers. You need to bring it back at the end of the day," she explained, and I nodded in agreement. It was simple enough, though there was really no point to the small errand. Just as I was about to respond, the warning bell for first period rang, and I hummed quietly to myself. "Thank you very much, ma'am. I'll be sure to get that paper signed and bring it back later, but I should be getting to class now," I told her, and she nodded in agreement. Her voice followed after me, as I turned and walked out the door. "Have a nice day, dear!" she called, before muttering to herself, clearly not realizing that I would hear. "Oh, she's too young, too young…" she scolded herself. I shook my head in amusement. I was no stranger to the romantic attentions of other, but I'd never encouraged them. It would be cruel, after all, when I had no intention of reciprocating them. Though, Mrs. Cope was one of only a few married women that had directed such interest toward me. I wondered what her husband—or her wife, though I doubted she would flaunt such a relationship in a small town such as Forks—would think of her interest in me, I mused with a silent chuckle, folding the schedule and map before placing them in my pocket. I'd already memorized a map of the school, as well as my schedule. I shook my head in slight amusement as I walked down the halls, a path opening before me as the other students took notice of my presence. A few were even brave enough to muster a weak greeting, which I answered with a nod. I'd never been much interested in establishing deep relationships with people my own age, never really related to anyone other than my parents and my shifter family. Well, here goes nothing, I thought, as I crossed the threshold of my first period class, Philosophy with Mr. Rayne. I arrived just before the bell rang, and instantly became the center of attention. To my disappointment, I did not see any of the Cullens within the ranks of wide-eyed teenagers. I ignored my curious classmates in favor of approaching the instructor. He appeared to be absorbed in the attendance list, so I cleared my throat quietly before I began speaking. "Good morning, sir. Mrs. Cope told me that I needed to have each of my teachers sign this," I informed him, as I presented the paper the receptionist had given me. "Welcome to Philosophy," he said warmly, as he looked up from his desk, before he seemed to notice my choice of eyewear. He smiled apologetically, and I smirked knowingly. "I'm sorry, Miss Swan,