disclaimer : I own nothing from lotr , it all belongs to Tolkien .This is my first fan fic please R&R , I accept all opinions so , tell me what you really think and what my story needs , I've seen the movies and read part of the books so , I know that there is a difference between them . This is not a 10th walker , also keep in mind that English is my second language , which means I might make some mistakes and I don't mind you pointing them out . Strange meetings " my soul will find yours " Jude Deveraux , A knight in shining armor . It all started the day I woke up in the middle of a burning city with the sound of screaming , and my face planted to the ground . I felt someone shaking me , instantly something felt wrong I am supposed to wake up to the sound of my alarm in my bed or , my aunt saying "Fanny , sweety you're late again" , not in the middle of a burning city . At that moment I could feel panic creeping down at me but instead of surrendering to it I ignored it , there must be some kind of an explanation to this I might be dreaming so , I pinched my arm and I felt the pain . "what the … ?" The shaking kept going and this time it was accompanied with the voice of someone speaking in a beautiful musical language , that I could not recognize but I could swear I heard it somewhere . I lifted my head to peer at the speaker , and suddenly I could not breathe there are no words to describe the beauty and perfection of such a creature . he could not be human , I realized that the moment our eyes met my brown plain ones with his clear silver blue ones that looked as if they were shining , there is so much wisdom and power in those eyes , his long golden hair was loosening from a complicated braid and some dirt was marring his left cheek but could never effect his inhuman perfection , he broke the stare at the sound of something I could not hear but after a moment I heard the sound , it was terrifying like a scream of a wild animal that froze me with fear . The stranger looked back at me , this time he said something that seemed urgent like time was running out and he was telling me something important .I snapped out of my trance and tried to get my legs on the ground and almost failed if not for the hands that held me , my only thought was I need to run something is coming . The stranger said something but when he saw the confusion on my face he pushed me gently pointing to a spot behind a falling wall next to a corner that once belonged to a magnificent house that was thirty feet away , he did not need to say more I ran to the spot and hid behind the wall , I could feel the ground shaking and tears were streaming down my face and my hands kept shaking as I clamped them on my mouth to keep myself from going into hysterics . the sound got louder and louder until I could feel it close by . I peered from my hiding place , I could see the sky darkening with grey clouds and the sweet smell of rain was filling the air. From the corner of my eye I caught a movement , as a cloud of black smoke was filling the falling city and I could see the golden haired stranger picking up his abandoned … sword ? . No one uses swords any more where the hell am I ? . could this be some kind of a cosplay ? but something in my gut told me this was real , no human no matter how beautiful could poses such appearance , we have flaws and in some ways our flaws complement us , they make us human , they make us … who we are . The golden haired stranger held his sword and stood his ground , waiting for his opponent which I guess is the thing with the horrifying voice , I could feel my heart beating so hard against my chest and a feeling of dread taking a hold of my entire body . From the black smoke , I could see a figure that stood as tall as two men with a mane of fire the … thing or monster for lack of a better word to describe it , was simply evil you could feel it emitting from its presence . I was desperately scrambling to get a hold on my thoughts and the fear that was about to slip from my hold and send me screaming from my hiding place and running until I could no longer run , I have never felt such a fear in my twenty-two year old life am I going to die ? kept repeating itself like a mantra in my head , while my sweaty palms held tighter against my mouth to keep the sound of my harsh breathing and breaking nerves somehow under control . The golden haired stranger never wavered , and took off running with graceful and fluid movement in the direction of the monster , while a battle cry found its way through his lips , raising his curved sword with a promise of death . The monster lifted his right hand which held a whip of some sort , the whip was burning with fire and the monster roared as the golden haired stranger crept closer only to have the whip lashed out at him with a speed that was too fast for my eyes to catch , the whip hit the golden haired stranger in his mid section and I could hear a cry of pain this time , but he didn't fall . from my hiding place I could see he was in unbearable pain , the whip ripped through his mid section leaving it a mess that was nearly impossible to fix or heal , he was losing too much blood , soon he will be dead and the fact of seeing someone die in front of my own eyes , without doing something made me feel like a coward and it left a bitter taste in my mouth . In that moment I had this crazy notion that I could somehow save him without getting caught by the monster or maybe getting the attention of the monster , so the golden haired stranger would have an opening . all I had to rely on was dumb luck , because I knew very well that I could not fight , for god's sake I spend my Friday nights with my aunt watching movies or ordering pizza , I know I run the life of a rock star . So , I did what seems to be the most idiotic thing in the history of my short life , I got up from my hiding place with shaking legs from fear . I could hear a voice in my head screaming you idiot you'll die well , I hope not . So , I gathered what little courage I had and screamed at the top my lungs " HEY YOU … YEAH YOU … OVER HERE " " this might not be the best idea " the last part was whispered to myself as the monster was turning to face me forgetting about its opponent . I could see shock and panic taking over the pale face of the golden haired stranger , he's dying but he composed himself as the monster was heading to me , breathing fire from its nostrils and waving his whip of fire but , before the monster could even lay a hand on me the golden haired stranger pierced it through the heart with his sword . The monster stopped its advancing on me and swayed as if he was in a drunken haze before it fell to the ground with a loud thud , the sword still planted in its heart . Now , I could see the stranger moving away from his fallen opponent, the fight leaving his body , his movement is slow and his step faltering from the loss of blood , not as graceful and fluent as before . he walked a few paces in my direction , while his hands found their way to his mid section in a last attempt to stop the bleeding its too late , by this point he could barely walk and he fell to his knees half way to where I stood , I shook the remains of the fear that rooted me to my spot and I took off running with a sudden surge of hope maybe its not too late . as I reached him I could see his face contracting in pain , and the front of his pale blue tunic that must have been beautiful once but not anymore , as the blood painted most of the front like an unfinished Claude Monet painting . I held him by the shoulder and pushed him down to the grass gently , making sure to make it as painless as possible , he is already in too much pain I know he will not survive , there is no doctor in here and even if by some miracle there was one , the damage is too much and the equipments required to treat such a wound are not available . This is clearly not my world . they use swords , they have monsters , the buildings in this place are very different they seem to blend in with nature rather than conquer it so , that means there is no way in hell I could find a hospital , as I look around for someone to ask for help all I could see are the bodies of dead people , people that look as devastatingly beautiful as the stranger , their eyes are wide open and unseeing it's a battle field , I could feel panic trying to get a hold on my senses but I push it down as soon as I hear the pained noise from the lips of the stranger , he's coughing blood , I try to hold him as still as possible without harming him , while my tears find their way to me again and a whimper escapes from my throat before a whole stream escapes from my eyes . " I'm sorry , I don't know what do " At the sound of my voice his eyes meet mine and I feel guilt for not being able to stop the pain , he doesn't reply only tries to sit up but stopping half way through as the pain makes its presence known , so he settles down for this half sitting half lying position , while one of his hands barely supports him from lying on his back again . On instinct , I pull him from his awkward position and lay his head in my lap , he doesn't fight or protest , I don't think he has the strength to do so . I am still crying I never saw a dying person before my own eyes , I remove the golden silky strands that fell on his face in the process of moving him , as my hand settles against his beating heart one of my tears falls on his cheek and his right hand comes up to the place where my tear fell , while