~ * Tenerife Sea ~ * "Marry me." Annabeth rolls her eyes, her coffee (large, double cream, double sugar) balanced carefully between her three notebooks and six-hundred-page textbook, her portfolio tucked somewhere in-between. She manages to free a hand enough to set the can of RedBull down in front of the man currently staring adoringly up at her, the marriage proposal rolling off his lips with a blessed sigh. "Shut up Seaweed Brain," she snorts, careful to set her own caffeinated beverage down before sorting out the rest of her load. Percy Jackson, aka Seaweed Brain, proves himself to be as helpful as ever by utterly ignoring her predicament and pulling the can of sugary caffeinated death closer, closing his eyes and groaning obscenely. Annabeth rolls her eyes again, so hard it almost hurt, as she sits across from the ridiculous man. "A thank you would be nice." "I voiced my adoration and appreciation by promising to pledge myself to you for all eternity," Percy objects, cracking the can open and tossing it back so his face is obscured by the ridiculous red bull logo. "Just what every girl wants to hear," Annabeth deadpans. He sets the can down to give her a winning grin, the right corner higher than the left and his teeth uneven. His front teeth are blue. Annabeth holds a hand out. Percy pouts. "I bought you that ungodly expensive death elixir, Perseus, you can spare me one—" A blue airhead is in her hand before she even finishes. "Thank you." "Anything for my future wife." Annabeth snorts again, but settles in across from the ridiculous man she calls her best friend. It's hard to believe she met Percy almost nine years ago, crossed eyed and failing Bio 101 even with his colored coded highlighters in various shades of blue. Percy declares it was love at first sight. Annabeth tells people he was so tragic she couldn't help feeling sorry for him, especially when she found out the idiot was majoring in Bio. They graduated and Annabeth got a full ride to Berkeley for her Master's and it turned out the idiot majored in Bio to get into California State's marine biology program; Annabeth could drive the forty-five minute route that separated their two campuses with her eyes closed by the time they both held Master's degrees in their hands. Percy tapped out at his Master's, shaking his head and venomously refusing to go on but he still curled up in the corner of their favorite café every Tuesday and Thursday night to cheer Annabeth on in her pursuit of a Ph.D. Saturday pizza nights are a little odd these days since every other weekend Percy is crammed into her tiny university apartment with her two roommates and frat parties across the hall; the others she all but disappears into the off gray couch he drove three hours to buy from a sketchy couple with no front door. It's odd, but they make it work. He's a pain but he's also the best friend she's ever had, absurd and ridiculous marriage proposals aside. "How was work?" She asks as organizes herself, shuffling papers around and flicking to page three hundred and ninety-four of her textbook as she takes a sip of coffee. "Eh," Percy dismisses and she barely catches the hitch of his shoulders and he reaches forward to snatch up one of her pens. He twirls it between his fingers, an agitated tick he never outgrew. "That bad?" "Nah, it was fine," Percy denies even though they both know it's untrue. "Feed some fish, adjusted tank temps. Got to hold down one of the river otters while the vet gave it its shots, that was . . . pretty cool." He clears his throat, the pen twirling at near lift-off velocity. Now that she's looking, she sees three thin red lines along the bottom of his jaw. "Mopped up kid vomit," Percy adds and the pen twirls faster despite his deceptively carefree tone. "Worked the gift shop for a few hours." "That's bullshit," Annabeth interjects, furious on his behalf. "You're not a damn custodian you have a Master's in—" "They don't care." Percy shrugs and Annabeth doesn't have time to object before the pen is in his mouth. "Perseus—germs, do you have any idea where that's—" She knows it's a lost cause and he predictably ignores her, eyes distant as he chews on the end of her pen. She decides to pick her battles and only hopes it doesn't explode on him this time. "I mean at least it's in my field right? It's an aquarium." His voice is dull, slightly muffled by the pen between his teeth. He sighs, head lobbing to the side. He leans back in his chair so the legs front legs lift off the ground—Annabeth's eye twitches. He knows she hates that and he winks. "Jerk. I hope you fall." He grins around her pen. "We'll keep looking. You might be a Seaweed Brain, but you know the ocean." "If only I could put that on a resume," Percy muses. "Sure I only have a Master's but man do I know the ocean." "You knew it better than Professor Baacum," Annabeth defends, puffing her chest out like a proud mama hen. The moment Percy slammed his oceanographer professor his final year in the program is still one of her favorite memories. "Anyway, enough about little ol' me, how was school? Show me your new designs." The chair legs hit the floor with a bang Annabeth wishes she could say it startles her but the sound is so Percy-esque that it washes right over her. She flips her portfolio towards the man and he riffles through it, eyes flittering until they find the new ones. "Ooh! I like it!" "You like all of them," Annabeth reminds him but she can't help smiling. She purposefully turns her head towards her book and pretends not to see Percy reach out and trace the all glass structure she spent the last three days sketching. "Would this go somewhere like back home in New York?" "I was thinking more like a viewing tower for McLaughlin Park." Percy nods, still nibbling on her pen as he traces the viewing deck. "Will have a great view of the tide." Annabeth's lips twitch. "Yeah, you complained about it the whole day last time we were there." She makes a note in her book. "Besides, it won't ever actually be built." "Who knows?" "I know." Percy hums but lets the subject drop. Annabeth reads while Percy flips through her portfolio. He doesn't interrupt her. An hour passes and the portfolio is tucked under her notebooks. Percy puts his head on the table, eyes green little slits as they watch her turn the pages. He offers the pen up as she drags a notebook towards her. Annabeth gives him a look and he gets up with a great sigh, like her staunch refusal to use utensils that have been in his mouth offends him. He snags her empty coffee cup as he stands, disappearing to the front of the store. When he returns the pen smells like cheap lavender scented soap and her coffee has been refilled. He pulls headphones out, pops one in his ear and settles back in. "You're looking for a new job and not playing Angry Birds right?" Annabeth asks, knowing the answer from the way his thumbs deftly swipe across the screen. He sticks his tongue out at her, ever mature. "You'll help me look on Saturday," he says with confidence as he tilts the phone to the side, tongue sticking out a hint. "And I have green pigs to topple." "Uh-huh." He's right and she only hates him a little for it. He looks up from his game long enough to send a wink her way and they both return to their tasks. If allowed, Percy could eat an entire large pizza to himself. The little store one block from his apartment sold medium one toppings for seven dollars and Annabeth doesn't feel a shred of guilt as she pulls his apartment key from her pocket with one in hand. She's a starving student, he can deal. "I didn't buy any beer so you better have some," is her greeting as she walks into his dark apartment. She flicks on a light with the edge of the pizza box, deftly balancing on one leg to kick one shoe off, then the next. "Perce, wake up," she calls. His apartment is small. Not as small his old New York apartment, he always joked, like it was difficult feat to beat. It wasn't. The shady couch is dead ahead, barely able to fit squished between two walls. Across from it is a beat up box TV and three feet from that starts the kitchen. She sets the pizza on the table, the box almost as large as the table itself, and walks to the only room the apartment can boast. "Hey, Seaweed Brain," she calls again, knocking. The door swings open underneath her knuckles to reveal an empty room. She sighs at the hazardous piles of clothes scattered across the ground, stepping over them to peer at the bed, just in case. The unmade bed is void of any green eyed idiots so she retreats to the relative safety of the kitchen. Relative, because there are dishes in the sink she is pretty sure were there two weeks ago when she visited. There is beer in the fridge and she helps herself. Balancing the pizza box on her knee, she settles in on Percy's couch. It threatens to eat her like always, enveloping around her like the Blob's gross fabric cousin but it smells like salt and the cheap shampoo Percy buys. She eats half the box before she's full, draining one beer and contemplating another as she runs her thumb over the screen of her phone. As if sensing her unasked question, it buzzes. working late, sorry. beer in fridge The words are followed by a string of emojis: a dolphin, a frown, peace sign, three knives and a beer. She shakes her head and doesn't bother to try and decipher his nonsense but stands to grab another beer. If he insists. She has just decided to start grading papers (the joy of tutelage beneath an accredited professor—doing their busy work) when her phone buzzes again. gonna be real late. don't wait up. Annabeth frowns, running her finger over the words. Assholes , she thinks with a frown. They shove all their menial tasks off on him, hold him over late and treat him like garbage. All because why? Because he has a Master's degree while they tote around stupid shiny doctorates. If she grades the papers harshly, she will never admit it's because her mind isn't really on introductory architecture but the aquarium halfway across town and the biologists she dreams of strangling. She is half asleep and three-fourths through the papers when Percy pads in. "Umph, dammit did I leave the lights on, oh shit shoes, ah—oh, you're still here." "Hm," Annabeth confirms, eyes cracking open to find her best idiot stumbling across the floor. She gestures with a B plus paper at the box of pizza. "Food. Cold. Only pepperoni." "Great I'm starved," he groans and Annabeth can't help screwing up her nose as he gets closer. "Shower first," she demands, pointing. "You smell like fish." He makes a face at her, snagging a slice of pizza. "'S my apartment," he grumbles through a mouthful. "And don't you dare leave those smelly clothes laying around, straight to the machine," she tells him, gathering up the papers. Percy grunts in way of response but disappears into the bathroom. The shower starts a moment later. Annabeth finishes packing the papers away, vowing to finish them tomorrow over coffee. She leans back into the couch, her eyes drifting shut again. The apartment is pleasantly warm,