A/N This will be a collection of stories where I insert Percy into classic (usually Disney) fairy tales. Each fairy tale will be told in two to four parts. While Percy will take the center role in many tales, he will always be himself, not OOC. So he will take on the character's situation not their personality. Make sense? I probably will only use PJO characters; I do not plan to include HoO ones. Also, I'm going to try and switch the pairing up for every fairy tale. I do like Percabeth, but I just want to try something new. There is a Percabeth tale, it's the Little Meramid if you're interested. If I confuse you, please drop a review! And thank you for reading. EDIT: The summary of this story corresponds with the latest fairy tale. If your new, welcome :D Feel free to skip to any fairy tale you'd like. If your searching for the fairy tale that matches the summary go ahead and skip to the last chapter. The summaries and pairings for each chapter can be found on my profile. I hope you enjoy! Here is Part 1 of 3 of Cinderella: Percy Jackson Style. Cinderella: The Invitation Perseus 'Percy' Jackson was born on a late summer's evening to the humble but well-to-do Jackson household. His parents marveled at their precious child, with a mess of dark hair and sparkling green eyes. Even as a baby, his smile could light up a room and filled his doting parents with joy and laughter. Sally and Poseidon Jackson were well known and respected in their little town. A distant relative of an aristocrat of no small standing, Poseidon had enough wealth that his small but beloved family lived comfortably. He spent most of his days by the sea, trading and sailing along the coast, never straying more than a few days travel from his wife and child. Sally, whose early life was a hard and desolate tale, enjoyed the life of a newlywed wife and mother. She bustled around town with little Percy on her hip, always looking to lend a hand. Often Poseidon would return home to find her at the spinster's house, helping the poor soul with her overwhelming work load, or at the orphanage sneaking treats to the young children. They were blissfully happy, and Percy was showered in his parents' kisses and hugs and love. Everything was perfect. But nothing lasts forever, and when finally tragedy struck the Jacksons, it was cruel and merciless. Around Percy's eighth birthday, Sally fell ill. At first, she would just cough here and there, a sniffle now and again. She dismissed her husband's worries; it was just a cold she would be fine. Except her coughing spells got longer and blood began to stain her tissues. By the end of the week she was so weak she could not even get out of bed. The local doctor administered all remedies he could think of, but to no avail. Sally passed away three days before her darling son's birthday. Poseidon was devastated. He refused to let himself fall apart, however, only for love of their son. After Sally's death Poseidon tried to take Percy with him when he traveled for work. But a ship is no place for a child. After that first disastrous trip, Poseidon never took Percy with him again. He could not afford a nanny and loathed to leave his dear son at the orphanage when work called him away. A solution came in the form of Amphitrite Nereid. Amphitrite was a coldly beautiful woman, and Poseidon knew she could never replace his dear Sally, so their marriage was one of convenience. He needed someone to watch his child, and she needed a husband. Amphitrite did come with two more mouths to feed, but she also had a hefty dowry that ensured the continuation of a comfortable life. Poseidon kissed his son goodbye for the last time during his ninth summer. Percy waited by the window, his beautiful green eyes wide, for his father's return. But his ship never came in. The ocean, as cruel as it is loving, buried Poseidon's ship beneath her waves and took the boy's last happiness with her. Amphitrite was a good step mother at first. Attentive, even if she lacked affection, and while not exactly kind she was never cruel either. The change came gradually, so slow and integrated that looking back Percy never really could tell when it actually started. Maybe when she had him take on Triton's chores when her son was ill, only to have him forever continue them. Or when her daughter Rhode got extra helpings at dinner but not Percy. In the end it did not matter; by his tenth birthday Amphitrite spoiled her children and neglected her late husband's son. Seven and half years later, Percy bore the full brute of the Nereids' cruelty. All choirs were designated to him, he would cook and clean, repair and fix, feed the chickens and wash the horses. If there was something that needed to be done at the Jackson-Nereids household, Percy did it. Really he could not complain (well actually he could and often times did but hey nobody was perfect), there were plenty of people who had it worse than him. Besides in six months he would be of age and free to leave. The Nereids' extravagant life style ensured that any savings his parents accumulated for him were all but destroyed, but Percy would make do. He always did. Feeling significantly more cheerful with those thoughts in mind, Percy dragged himself out of bed. After several renovation and long fights over who got what room, the Nereids forced Percy up into the attic to 'make room'. Ridiculous, Triton had at least three separate rooms. Regardless, the attic was where Percy slept, along with the mice and spiders and some suspicious black spots. Percy yawned and stretched, the sound of his back cracking echoing rather loudly in the tiny space. He knew he could not dally too long; the Nereids would be wanting their breakfast soon and the chickens needed to be feed or else they would start squawking. He shuddered, Amphitrite hated to be woken by screaming chickens. Staring longingly at his bed, Percy pulled a pair of slightly torn trousers on followed by a badly stained tunic. He hobbled down the stairs, trying to pull on his worn shoes as he went. He somehow made it down the stairs without injury. He made his way out to the chicken coop, pausing only to shoulder the large bag of feed along the way. The sun had barely started to rise, casting the estate in low colors of red and orange. Percy did not have time to enjoy the view however, as he spread feed out for the chickens. "Rise and shine," he grumbled as they all flocked to feast. "And try to keep it down would you? Amphitrite will have my head." Leaving the chickens to their breakfast Percy headed back inside to start the Nereids' breakfast. They were all so terrible picky, and no two of them could ever have the same thing because was not that just Percy's luck. Rhode wanted a fruit salad with milk to, and Percy's quoting here, 'watch her girly figure'. Triton did not really care what he got as long as meat was involved. Amphitrite always proved the pickiest; her breakfast had to have exactly three pancakes, butter only on two, syrup to the side, with three scrambled eggs mixed with green peppers and onions. It did not help that Percy's cooking skills, even after all these years, left something to be desired. Amphitrite's scrambled eggs always ended up looking like something out of a horror story but it could not be helped. Percy scrambled (hehe get it scrambled ) around the kitchen, cutting fruit while flipping pancakes and cooking meat, desperately trying to keep anything from burning. If nothing caught fire, Percy counted the morning as a success. Nothing did. He felt rather proud. Rhode got her breakfast first. She was already awake by the time he knocked on her door. " Don't come in," Rhode snarled ferociously. Percy rolled his eyes; like he'd ever want to. Rhode, while she never was particularly nice, was always in an even fouler mood in the morning. "Your breakfast is outside your door," Percy called back, setting her tray down. Next, he took Amphitrite her food. Her door was already ajar and, quietly as he could, Percy slipped in. The bed was empty, so she must have gone to the bathroom. Percy left her tray on the nightstand and beat a hasty retreat. The sun had risen high in the sky by now. Birds ecstatically greeted its arrival with their shrill songs. Of course, none of this fazed Triton – he slept like the dead. Percy knocked once and waited. When no reply came he knocked again, harder. By the fourth knock he was getting impatient. He had a long list of chores to do, and if he hurried he might have a little spare time to slip out to the beach before bed, but that time dwindled every second he waited. "Triton," He hollered, pounding harder. "Get up, I have things to do." Percy heard a faint groan from the other side of the door and pounded again. "Your food is getting cold and I will not warm it up." Another groan and Triton snapped back, "You will if I tell you too." Percy snorted. "Make me. I have better things to do, your food is outside." With that he set the tray down and stalked away, ignoring the cussing from the other side of Triton's door. He knew that might come back to bite him the ass, but as long as there were chores to do he hoped Amphitrite would dismiss Triton's complaints. Percy set right to work after that. Amphitrite left a list of chores above the attic stairwell and he grabbed it on his way. For the next few hours, Percy dashed around the house, doing this and that. He swept and mopped, cleaned the dishes, washed the horses, fixed the wobbly tire on the carriage. Quick break for lunch, or rather to fix lunch for the Nereids and maybe grab a sandwich for himself, and then he was back out again. Water and weed the garden, take the laundry down to the creak for a wash, dry and fold them, clean Triton's room and avoid Rhode's, run to town for groceries and whatever packages the girls needed him to pick up, and somehow made it home in time to start dinner. While he tried not to burn himself standing over the large fire, Amphitrite and her children sat in her parlor. Amphitrite was attempting to teach Rhode how to play the piano but judging from the terrible sounds it had produced for the last month Percy did not think it was going very well. "It's a G minor my dear," he could hear his step mother sigh. "Yeah, it's a G minor Rhode," Triton sneered. "Shut up," Rhode snapped and even from the kitchen Percy could heard the loud whack as Rhode's perfectly manicured hand connected with Triton's face. Percy grimaced; Rhode's slaps hurt. "Children," Amphitrite said with a sigh, a gentle clank telling Percy she set down her tea. "Triton, stop teasing your sister, Rhode concentrate. Men like woman who are well-versed in all the arts, especially in music. Again." "Yeah, what would you poor future husband think," Triton snickered. Whack. "Mother, tell her to stop hitting me!" "Rhode, the piano. Triton sit down and act like a proper gentlemen. I despair at you ever winning a wife. Have you practiced your swordsmanship yet today?" Triton grunted. Amphitrite sighed. "Perseus!" Percy winced. "Cooking!" He called back, hoping she would leave him be. "Well, pull it out of the direct heat and come here!"