~ * And Be Sure To Tip Your Waiter (For He's On His Last Dime ) * ~ Montauk was quiet, the waves gently lapped against the dark sand as a lone figure walked across the shore. Winter was rapidly approaching, Persephone already having returned to her husband below, taking the warmth with her. The ocean rolled soothingly in the early darkness, lovingly swelling up across the sand to whirl around the ankles of the lone beachgoer. It was a man in the prime of life, well built with dark black hair that tousled in the chilly breeze. He wore only sandals, but the frigid water didn't seem to bother him. He was dressed simply, like a fisherman on leave from the sea. A fishing hat sat atop his head and a pair of striking green eyes gazed out of his tan face. Poseidon, lord of the sea, was feeling oddly sanguine tonight. Another war had come and gone, mortals and immortals alike were finally settling back down into their lives after the turmoil of the last few years. Irrelevant, really, Poseidon had lived through countless wars and would weather many more to come. But, in this moment, the peace was relevant: Percy Jackson was safe. Poseidon could feel his beloved mortal son, a constant pressure in the back of his mind. Percy was safe, although if he concentrated hard enough on that bright spot at the edge of his consciousness he could feel Percy's irritation at whatever plagued him tonight. Not life-threatening. Not even mythical in nature. An irritation at a very simple, normal mortal problem and underlying that irritation Poseidon could feel his son's relief at the return of such normalcy. Poseidon couldn't begrudge him for that. After all he had been through, Percy deserved a break from his father's world. All Poseidon wanted to do was visit his child, but he dared not. Not tonight. Zeus still kept a sharp eye on the other gods, paranoid and distrustful enough to ruin everybody's chance at reconciliation with their children. Some things never changed. "Uncle P!" Poseidon's eyes snapped open, his trident materializing in his hand in an instant and its deadly three-pronged tip coming to rest at the base of the throat that called out to him. Apollo grinned at the other end of his trident, teeth gleaming even in the darkness. "Apollo," he greeted stiffly, withdrawing his weapon but keeping his tight grip on it as he eyed his exuberant nephew warily. Change occurred very rapidly in this new age; humans made leaps and bounds in the way of technology, medicine, and even social change in a very short time. The gods changed with the times, but they all struggled to cope with the overwhelming fluctuations that occurred over the last few centuries. Apollo was the best at adapting. Thus the casual "Uncle P" seemed to be a permanent fixture in his vocabulary. Poseidon still wasn't entirely sure how he felt about that. Apollo stared out at the ocean, as if appreciating its beauty but Poseidon was not fooled; the ocean was an indicator of his mood and his nephew was simply judging how irritated the sea god was with his presence. The water was still relatively calm. Apollo turned to him with a thousand watt grin. "So, I was thinking – " "This can't be good," Poseidon sighed. Apollo pouted, as if he were an insolent child and not an all-powerful and immortal god. Some things truly never did change. But Poseidon was curious and he waved the sun god on with a tip of his trident. "I was thinking," Apollo eagerly rejoined, falling into step next to Poseidon as they strode along the beach. "There's this little restaurant just down the road here. You can still hear the ocean, it's so close. Whaddya say?" "What are you up to?" Poseidon asked, but his mood was too fair for him to be anything more than amused. Apollo wanted something from him, that much he was certain. If he thought some well themed mortal restaurant would sway the Stormbringer in his favor, he was sorely mistaken…but Poseidon would let him believe otherwise. It was more entertaining that way. "Lead the way," he decreed with a wave of his trident. "Perfect," Apollo grinned. A moment later they were outside a small but busy restaurant. Poseidon raised an eyebrow at the gaudy décor, the atmosphere a strange mixture of Hollywood and oceanic paraphernalia. Before them hung a picture of some mortal actor, the frame of his poorly lit picture composed entirely of seashells. Poseidon raised an eyebrow at his nephew, who simply grinned back. "It's one of my favorite places, although I haven't been here in a while. The ah," Apollo trailed off, his eyes fixed on the swaying backside of a waitress. "The food is to your liking?" Poseidon asked, chuckling as Apollo snapped his completely unrepentant gaze back to him. "Something like that," Apollo winked. A pretty, dark haired waitress, much too young for Poseidon's taste but Apollo's eyes lit up, seated them. "What can I get you guys to start with?" The waitress asked, her smile half-hearted and forced. "How about a name sweetheart?" Apollo asked flashing the girl a near blinding smile. Poseidon saw the girl stiffen as he flicked through the stained menu before him. Well, this should be entertaining at least. "Natasha," the girl replied coolly, tapping a finger against her nametag. "Now, what can I get you to drink?" "Is there anything as sweet as you?" Apollo flirting, leaning forward. "Just a water," Poseidon said, taking pity on the poor girl. She stood stiffly, eyeing Apollo distastefully. "Your best wine then," Apollo said, undaunted as he peered up at the girl from behind his thick eyelashes. His face grew younger, a roundness settling across his cheeks until he appeared around the age of their young waitress. His transformation went unnoticed, safely protected by the Mist, as Poseidon sighed. "Perhaps you could bring back two glasses and you could take a break with – " "Wine, got it," Natasha cut him off, pen held tightly between her fingers and tapping angrily against her chest. The motion drew Apollo's gaze and he unabashedly watched, leaning forward as his eyes lingered on the top two unclipped buttons of the girl's uniform before drifting lower. Poseidon half expected – and half hoped – the girl was going to rake her perfectly manicured red nails across Apollo's face. She did not, much to his disappointment. Her face flushed dark with anger and her jaw twitched. "Coming right up," she twisted around and stormed away from the table before Apollo could say anything else. "Subtle," Poseidon said, "I can see why your lovers view you so amiably." "The smile normally works," Apollo pouted. He started to continue, probably to prattle on about his romantic prowess, so Poseidon neatly cut him off. "Apollo, why are we at a moral restaurant?" He asked in a falsely pleasant tone. A fleeting look of panic crossed Apollo's face but Poseidon cheerfully continued, "The oceanic atmosphere clearly is meant to appeal to me. But it's the mortals that interest me. Did you bring me here as insurance in case I lost my temper?" Apollo licked his lips but grinned, a shrewd and calculated thing. "Zeus will go ballistic if you cause an earthquake in Manhattan." "Indeed," Poseidon agreed amiably. "But of course, with three-fourths of the world at my fingertips I don't see why one little island should be of such importance to me." Then, casually, turning the page in his menu, he asked, "Tell me, nephew, how well does your oracle swim?" The mirth vanished from Apollo's face and a cold mask took its place. "You wouldn't dare." Apollos's eyes flashed as he snarled, "she is the oracle and Percy's friend." "Wouldn't I?" Poseidon smiled baselessly. Of course, Poseidon would never hurt the Dare girl. As the oracle, she enjoyed certain protection and even Zeus would protest harm against her. But, more importantly, Apollo was right: she was Percy's friend. Her place in his son's heart cemented her safety from Poseidon's ire. Poseidon watched, not even bothering to conceal his amusement as rage boiled in Apollo's eyes. The sun god took several measured breaths. It was obvious to the sea god that his nephew needed something from him – a favor given his wariness of Poseidon's temper. He clearly had waited for Poseidon to be in a good mood before pouncing on him. Despite his misgiving, however, Poseidon's curiosity was peaked; but favors were not to be taken lightly especially when they came from one of the Big Three. Apollo would have to work for Poseidon's cooperation. This realization seemed to dawn on Apollo was well. His fingers twitched and he leaned forward, visibly trying to control himself. His carefully constructed, carefree mask slipped and Poseidon idly watched as he tried to fix it. "Uncle P – " he started again in an attempt to return to his carefree attitude. Before he could finish, two glasses of water were slammed down before them with such force that the crystal liquid inside slouched over the precariously filled tops and spilled onto their table. The waiter – for it was a waiter and not the pretty little waitress Apollo flirted with earlier – didn't even bother to clean it up. He turned to face the pair, having previously been conversing with someone over his shoulder as he slammed the glasses down. Poseidon's surprise was too great for him to do more than blink at the all too familiar face before him. In fact, only one thought permeated his surprise: the waiter's smile was almost frightening, if it could even be called a smile. Both sides of his lips were pulled up, showing every single one of his teeth, barred in an almost predatory fashion: a shark's smile. Apollo's eyes flashed at the waiter's impertinence, his face twisting and ready to unleash his unbridled fury upon the boy. Poseidon could pinpoint the exact second Apollo realized who their waiter was – his eyes widened and mouth fell open in an almost comical display. Which, honestly, wasn't far from their waiter's response when he realized who sat before him. Percy Jackson, twice savior of Olympus and demigod son of Poseidon, blinked at Apollo and Apollo blinked back at him. Percy's wide eyes panned out slowly, cautiously, until they met their mirror image in his father's face. The three stared at each other, each very much caught off guard. Poseidon recovered enough to berate himself – he was so caught up in Apollo's nonsense that he missed the presence of his own son. "Percy." "Dad." That single word spoke volumes; incredulity, disbelief, awe, and surprise all colored his son's tone as his face contorted to reflect each emotion. His eyes only briefly flickered over to Apollo, who gaped at Percy in something akin to horror, before returning to his father. He held a pen loosely in one hand and a pad of paper flopped in the other. He twirled the pen, his fingers worrying on the cap in a motion that Poseidon hazarded was an unconscious response to stressful situations. "What - ?" The sheer confusion on Percy's face might have been amusing at any other time. But now, Poseidon simply relished his son's presence. "Apollo's trying to weasel some sort of favor out of me," he pleasantly told his son. "You would work at the one restaurant I chose," Apollo bemoaned, tugging on his hair in agitation. "And where is our waitress? None of this would've happened if she just kept our table." Poseidon thought that was a rather ridiculous statement. He may have been distracted by Apollo's nonsense, but there was no way he would have gone the entire night without noticing Percy. Nor undoubtedly, the demigod them. The statement seemed to startle Percy out of his dazed state, however. He glared at Apollo, his