~ * Not By Design, Rather of Make * ~ The café was an unassuming place. It wasn't expensive enough to be pretentious yet not so inexpensive as to feel cheap. The average sized crowd was young enough to make it popular but not yet old enough that Paul Blofis, a high school English teacher, didn't feel out of place. He sat alone at a table with two empty chairs, trying with every ounce of self-restraint he had not to fiddle with the straw of his drink. Sally, a lovely and kind woman Paul had been seeing for the last few week, should be here any minute now. And with her, the real reason for Paul's anxiety, would be her fourteen-year-old son, Percy, to be introduced to Paul for the first time. Paul fussed with his straw, his leg bouncing as he watched the front door swing open and shut. He shouldn't be so nervous. He was great with kids, he was a teacher. He taught an entire classroom of students Percy's age every day! But this was different. There was something between Paul and Sally, even though it had only been a few weeks, something deep and real. Paul honestly thought Sally might be the one he would spend the rest of his life with. That was terrifying enough by itself. But Sally was a mother and Percy her son. If Sally was the one then Percy would be a permanent part of his future as well. No pressure , Paul thought wryly, taking a sip of his drink. The bell above the door rang and, although he jumped a little, Paul resolved not to look up this time. He lasted all of maybe half a second before he looked. Two figures walked through the door and the taller of the two he recognized immediately as Sally. She was smiling, her face relaxed and warm as she ushered the second figure inside, her arm around his shoulder. It was then, as the boy turned to smile up at his mother, that Paul got his first good look at Percy Jackson. At the ripe old age of fourteen, Percy was just barely shorter than his mother, the top of his dark hair about level with Sally's nose. He was tan, like most kids his age were at the end of summer, and dressed casually. He seemed to feel Paul's gaze because not even a heartbeat later the boy turned and met his eyes. Striking green eyes, far too old to belong in the face of a child, raked over Paul's form, slowly, calculating. "Paul," Sally greeted warmly, following Percy's gaze and finding him as well. Her smile widened as she approached his table and Paul scrambled to get up, smiling in reply. She reached her hand out and he took it, letting her squeeze it as she drew Percy close to her side. "Percy, this is the man I was telling you about, the one I've been seeing, Paul Blofis," Sally introduced. Paul tried to make his face as open and polite as possible, inclining his head at the boy. "Paul, this is my son, Percy." "Nice to meet you, Percy," Paul said, holding his hand out. Percy cracked a smile, half of his face twisted up as his too old eyes stared at Paul thoughtfully. He took Paul's hand in a surprisingly strong grip. "Nice to meet you too Mr. Blowfish." "Paul," Gean Baker said carefully, reaching up to pull his reading glasses off his face and prop them on his head instead, "you know I greatly respect your opinion. You're a phenomenal teacher, you work wonders with students that other faculty members would label as 'troubled'. Your English program is one of the best I've ever seen. But, this kid?" Baker, Goode High School's superintendent, waved the file before him around, the small block letters on the front declaring it the complete academic record of one Perseus Jackson. Baker sighed, "This kid has been kicked out of every school he's ever been too. And he's been to a lot of them." "I know sir," Paul said quickly, leaning forward in his chair to stare earnestly at his boss, "but I'm telling you, he's a good kid. He's thoughtful and kind—" "'Has problems respecting authority,'" Baker read flatly. "He's a ninth grade boy Baker, they all have problems respecting authority," Paul dismissed with a wave of his hand, "it's a transitional phase, you know that. And Percy isn't disrespectful by any means, I think the incident that report is referring to was grossly out of context—" "He blew up a bus!" Baker exclaimed. "He had no way of knowing the canon was fully operational! It was an elementary school field trip for heaven's sake, why was the canon operational is the real question we should be asking," Paul defended. Baker sighed, leaning back in his chair as he pinched the bridge of his nose. "His grades are terrible, his average is a D." "And that's exactly why we should admit him," Paul declared passionately, "isn't it our job to teach students? To take on the seemingly hopeless cases and show these kids that they can be great ? Isn't that what education is all about? What kind of hypocrites would we be to turn down a student that needs help? One that struggles to learn. To only accept those that naturally excel? It's our job, our duty, as educators to reach out and help all students reach their full potential. Especially those who struggle. That's what teaching's all about." "Alright, alright, enough," Baker sighed, rubbing his temple. "Okay Paul, we'll give the kid a chance." Paul beamed, standing up and holding his hand out for the superintendent to shake, "Thank you, sir, you won't regret it." "I hope not," Baker said, wearily taking Paul's hand, "for your sake." Paul left the office with a smile on his face, pulling his phone out as he excitedly dialed Sally's number. Holding the ringing phone to his ear, Paul thought the world couldn't get any better. Two months later, he was standing to the side of Goode's auditorium, hands clasped behind his back as he watched the upcoming freshmen class file into their seats. The auditorium buzzed with the excited hum of hundreds of young voices, laughter and shouting merrily echoing off the walls. "Someone seems unusually excited. Got good expectations for this freshmen class, Paul?" One of his coworkers, one of their geometry teachers, stepped up to Paul's side. There was a laugh and another teacher, this one from their musical department, stepped up on his other side. "Oh, I don't think that's it. Your girlfriend's son is in this class isn't he Paul? I heard you went all the way up to the superintendent to get him admitted," the music teacher said. The geometry teacher 'oohed' and giggled, her eyes widening at the gossip. Paul smiled good-naturally in reply, still scanning the crowd for the now familiar face of Sally's son. "He's a good kid," Paul repeated. "He just needs a little guidance. I believe Goode can offer him that." The women cooed and the geometry teacher nudged him with her elbow. "You're a real good guy, you know that Paul," she said kindly. "What's his name?" "Percy, Percy Jackson," Paul said absently, frowning. He'd been scanning the gathered crowd for the last five minutes and still couldn't find Percy. Sure it was a big auditorium but still . . . Paul had seen him earlier, walking into Goode. He talked to Percy so he knew the boy was here at least, somewhere. Paul knew he shouldn't be so concerned, yet there was a knot in his stomach, rolling and uncomfortable. His coworkers were amiably chatting on either side of him, blissfully unaware of Paul's inner turmoil. Their sophomore cheerleaders were riling up the crowd, smiling brightly and waving their pompoms as the crowd roared happily. Yet it felt distant and disconnected from Paul. "Excuse me, I'm—" he started to say but the rest of his words were drowned out as there was a flash of blinding light followed by the harsh call of the fire alarm. Everyone froze, a stunned moment of immobility as they all stared dumbly at the flashing fire alarm. Paul spent half a second gaping uncomprehendingly at the alarm before snapping into action. Around him, other faculty members did the same. "If everyone could please just remain calm, everybody just remain calm, we're going to start escorting you out of the building, please remain calm—" the principal was saying, his voice barely audible over the blare of the fire alarm. Paul joined the teachers, shushing students as they tried to orderly evacuate the building. The next ten minutes flew by in a frantic blur. The school was on fire, a fire starting in the band room, firemen were on the scene; was it contained? Yes, it was contained. Was it going to spread? No, it was contained. Get the students out, please don't shove each other, everything's alright. "Are all the students out?" Paul asked, his heart pounding as adrenaline still raced through his veins, gently patting a lost girl on the shoulder as he steered her towards the exit. "We think so," the geometry teacher who stood by him at the assembly said, wiping her forehead as she opened the door for Paul, smiling kindly at the girl. "The firemen are doing one more sweep just in—" " Blofis!" Paul turned around, finding the superintendent stalking towards them, the slightly frantic principal on his heels. "Sir?" He called, caught off-guard by the fury in Baker's voice. He was practically trembling with rage. "That boy, Jackson—" Paul's heart leapt into his throat, panic gripping him. Oh God, Percy . "Is he okay?" Paul asked frantically, taking a step towards Baker. "Is he hurt? Where is he?" "He started the fire after he attacked a cheerleader!" Baker spat, sharply rapping Paul in the chest with his finger. "Blofis, I took your word—" "No," Paul interrupted, shaking his head in disbelief. "No, Percy wouldn't do a thing like that, he's a good kid. Where is he, Baker? I need to see him, is he okay?" "We have eyewitnesses!" Baker snarled, "and the boy ran off before we could question him!" "He's probably freaked out," Paul exclaimed. "The building was on fire! You scared him off. He could be hurt, I need to—" He started to walk away but Baker threw his arm out, detaining Paul. "No, Blofis, you're going back to my office to discuss—" Paul stared at him in outrage and disbelief, taking a step backward and out of the man's reach. "What? No—Baker there is a student missing , one who may be injured! Get some perspective! Instead of assigning blame here we should be looking for him and making sure he's alright. Good God, it's our job to protect these students not prosecute them." "Blofis—" "No," Paul said firmly, holding his hand up, "I have a mother to call, to inform her that we lost her son during a school fire and that he may be injured. And then I'm going to find Percy and make sure he's okay. Once that's done, I'll come to your office and you can yell all you want, now if you will excuse me." With that, Paul turned around sharply, his hands clenched into fists as he made his way out of the still-smoking building and into the courtyard. It would be a while before Paul saw Percy Jackson again. Paul was in his office, getting ready for the rapidly approaching school year when there was a knock on his door. Paul's pen paused, hovering over the notepad before him as he peered up in confusion. A coworker would have simply walked in, but there were no students back yet to nervously knock on his door. A concerned parent perhaps? "Yes?" Paul called and the door creaked slightly