A/n I started thinking about how we always talk about Percy's power over the sea as the son of Poseidon, but never really touch on anything else. So with that idea in mind (and also the fact that Netflix released the next season of Heartland) this story was born. I hope it's not too crazy. Also, I know next to nothing about horses. I did try and research the best I could, but I apologize in advance to all my horse lovers for any inaccuracies. This won't be very long. It was supposed to be a one-shot but now it's split into three parts. You know how that goes. I was going to post it all in one part, but the three parts each had such a distinct and different feel that I separated them. I changed how Percy 'talks' to horses a little here. In the books, he can talk to them as clearly as he talks to humans. Yet when he talks to fish it's more basic. Seeing as horses are animals and not sentient beings, I have Percy 'talk' to horses like he would fish in canon. He can talk to mythical horses however like he does in the real story. If anybody is reading my other story, the Fairy Tale Collection, due to complications I won't be updating it until next week. But don't fear, I'm not abandoning it. Cover image does not belong to me. As always I hope you enjoy ~* Of Storms and Bloodlines Of all the obstacles in raising a demigod son of Poseidon, in keeping his identity hidden not only from his father's vengeful brothers but also her son himself, this was not one Sally ever entertained. After all, Poseidon was first and foremost the god of the sea. Naturally, the ocean was Sally's first concern. She fretted over getting Percy even a little goldfish. Earthquakes were next, for Poseidon also was the Earthshaker. She worried about this one to a lesser degree; Poseidon assured her Percy would not be able to create even the lightest of tremors until he reached puberty. While not exactly a comfort, Sally could tuck that concern away for a couple years. Sally never considered horses. After all, Horse Lord was rather low on Poseidon's list of domains, and a seemingly harmless one at that. Growing up, the ocean constantly called to her son, enticing and enrapturing him. She worried about that. She never worried about what else called her child. Percy was seven when the horse ranch opened. It was outside the city, its very existence unbeknownst to Sally until after she enrolled Percy in the nearby school and got a phone call three weeks later. She was confused and then alarmed at the information given over the call. The woman on the other end sounded pleasant enough, amused actually, as she informed Sally that her son had skipped class and currently stood in the middle of her barn, petting her horses. Sally arrived at the Big Apple Horse Ranch less than an hour later. The owner, a vibrant young woman with a twisted sense of humor, took Sally back to the barn. "Found 'em like that when I came to clean the barn," the owner, Bree, told her with a grin. "Eatin' right outta his palm they were." Little Percy stood on a step stool, sugar cubes in the palm of his hand, leaning over one of the stalls. The horse within, a beautiful tan creature, reached out and ever so gently took a sugar cube from his hand. Percy watched her in wonder, his eyes wide. His other hand reached out to pet her and the horse eagerly rubbed her nose against him. "Percy," Sally called, her heart in her throat. Her son looked so small, barely able to see over the stall door even with the step-stool, next to the majestic beast. All it took was one wrong move, one upset horse, and her baby could be seriously injured. Even as she fretted, reaching out to call Percy over to her, Sally knew she was being ridiculous. The son of the Horse Lord would never be in danger from these creatures. That probably should frighten her more. "Mom!" Percy called, his little face lighting up in delight. "Come look! Isn't she so pretty Mom?" The horse preened at his praise, rubbed her entire face against Percy's little chest. Percy burst into giggles, reaching out to wrap his slight arms around her neck. "A natural," Bree laughed as Sally gently put her hands on Percy's shoulders. "She is," Sally agreed, gently pulling on Percy's arm. "Percy dear, we need to – " "She likes me," Percy interrupted his eyes shining. "Oh," Bree chuckled, setting down a bucket of feed to smile down at the child, "what makes you think that?" "She told me," Percy said matter-of-factly. Sally felt as if someone had dropped a bucket of ice water on her. The horses talked to him. And she was worried about buying him a goldfish. "Is that so?" Bree asked, amused. Percy nodded enthusiastically. "How sweet. Why don't we just head inside and talk 'bout it over tea? Mama looks like she needs it." He's young, Sally consoled herself as they drove away. They'll think he just has an overactive imagination. Bree waved at them in the rear view mirror and Percy enthusiastically waved back, a grin threatening to split his face. Alongside the car, tossing their heads and whining, horses raced to keep up with them. To keep up with the son of Poseidon. Sally gripped the wheel tighter. "I can't wait to come back," Percy gushed happily when they turned the corner and the horses disappeared from sight. "We're not coming back," Sally told him. She hated to spoil his fun, and to see the grin drop from his face in utter confusion cut like a knife. But she had to stay firm. She could not risk anybody finding out about his true identity. "But I promised," Percy said brokenly. "I told them I'd be back." "I know dear but – " "And you said we have to keep our promises," Percy pressed, tears gathering in the corner of his eyes. Sally resisted the urge to sigh. She reached one hand out to run her fingers through his wild hair. Just like his father's, she thought sadly. "Sometimes things happen and we can't keep our promises, no matter how much we'd like to," She told him softly. "I know it's not fair, but that's the way it is. We're not going back." Percy's lower lips wobbled and he pulled away, so Sally could no longer reach him. She let herself sigh this time, turning her attention back to the road. It's better this way, she thought desperately, one day you'll see. Percy was upset with her. He cried and screamed and begged to go back. He locked himself in his room and refused to come out. He brought home books on horses from school. He looked up at her with those beautiful green eyes, so much like his father's it ached. Each refusal cut more than the last, for both Sally and Percy. He could not understand why his mom would not let him go back and see the horses; Sally could not tell him why. It was a miserable few weeks. The obsession switched rapidly when his class learned about tide pools. When Percy did not return from school on time, Sally panicked. She called the school and they told her the teacher offered to take students out to the beach to view tide pools in person after class. They were very sorry he neglected to inform her first. Sally slammed the phone down and raced to her son. Percy was desolate when she dragged him away. His little face screwed up in anger and longing, tears rolling down his face as he cried. "Shh," Sally told him desperately, wiping away his tears. This was the worst part, seeing Percy cry. She would do anything to make his tears go away, but the one thing he wanted she could not give him. It was too soon, he was too young. "I just want some friends," Percy sobbed as his mother buckled him in. "The kids at school don't like me, but the fish do. They're nice and the water is nice. I just want someone to like me." Sally's heart broke at his words. Her hands trembled as she leaned over to kiss his forehead. Percy turned in his seat and buried his face in her neck, crying noisily. "Shh," Sally hushed, rocking her baby back and forth. She closed her eyes, smoothing his hair back and peppering his forehead with kisses. His little body shook in distress, his fingers tugging at her shirt. She could not stand to see him like this. "Hey," she asked softly, snuggling her little boy close, "do you want to go see the horses?" The sniffles grew softer and Percy peeked up at his mother in surprise, his red-rimmed eyes blinking almost comically. "But you said – " "I know," Sally said tiredly, pushing stray strands of hair from his wide green eyes, "but I've changed my mind. You did promise after all." Percy stared at up her before the corner of his mouth turned up in a small smile. He wiped his eyes and nodded solemnly. "I want to see the horsies." "Let's go see the horsies," Sally echoed kindly. As she drove, Sally tried not to worry. She firmly pushed the fears and concerns to the back mind. After all, what was more suspicious? A child with ADHD and dyslexia talking to fish and breathing underwater, or one who played with horses? At least the later did not scream SON OF POSEIDON. And, watching Percy's eyes widen as they pulled into the Big Apple Horse Ranch, it was worth it to make Percy happy. As if reading her mind, Percy looked up at her. He grinned, those troublesome green eyes filled with love and contentment. Sally could not bring herself to regret her decision. Percy knew he was different. Deep inside, he had always known, but the horses forced him to admit it: he was different. It used to bother him, but the horses made him feel better. He knew that most people could not hear or feel the horses like he did. His mother always got nervous when he talked about it, and as he grew older even the stable hands began to give him odd looks. So Percy kept it to himself. School was rough. Percy learned much slower than his classmates. Reading was a pain and made his head hurt something fierce. He could not stand to sit in class for hours, listening to the teacher drone on and on. The kids were worse, however. They picked on him, pushing him in the hallway and stealing his things. He always was picked last and whatever team got him always groaned and complained. Nobody wanted to sit by him. Percy kicked the ground angrily as he walked to the ranch, scowling at the dirt road. They thought his obsession with horses was weird. Forget them , he told himself firmly. You don't need them . He had his horses after all. Percy loved the horses and he knew they loved him as well. After school, he would race down to the Big Apple Ranch and help Bree until his mother got out of work. The arrangement worked nicely for all of them. Sally did not need to hire a babysitter, Bree got a free pair of extra hands, and Percy got to see the horses. Three years after he first discovered the ranch, Percy still faithfully visited every day. Even from the end of the ranch's lengthy driveway, Percy could feel the comforting buzz in the back of his mind from the horses. He closed his eyes and smiled at the