~ * Ecdysis ~ * You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, If you've a ready mind, Where those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind; Or perhaps in Slytherin, You'll make your real friends, Those cunning folks use any means To achieve their ends. - Hogwart's Sorting Hat Kronos may lay eternally beneath the ashen banks of Azkaban, but his iron fist was forever fixed around the Olympian hearth. Hades sat in the armchair of his late father, the green leather at his back as cold as his father's old embrace. Above the crackling fireplace at his feet lay a green and white scarf, as clean and vibrant as the day it was dyed, the twisted serpent of Kronos' house stretching high above it. Hades' head didn't turn, but he knew, could feel as keenly as the thrumming in his veins, the case behind him that held Kronos' old Hogwarts uniform and Salazar Slytherin's own silver staff. Hestia sat calmly across from him, a book open on her lap and needle in hand as she mended their mother's handkerchief when Rhea herself came in, letter in hand. Hades, only two hours now eleven years of age, knew what it was. Hestia's sewing didn't waver, but her kind, warm eyes rose to meet his, if only briefly before Rhea stepped forward and blocked her from view. "Look what the owl brought," his mother cooed, holding Hades' fate in her hands. She meant well, really, she thought she brought him great news. And in a way, Hades supposed, she was. Hogwarts was, after all, a perfectly good school, a respected school. It would, he thought somewhat bitterly as he took the letter from his mother's soft hands, be strange if he asked to attend Beauxbatons like his sisters. He could only imagine how that would go over : but why don't you want to attend your father's school? The artful inscription on the front of the letter was beautiful, even in the simple spelling of his name. With a heavy heart, he broke the red seal and let the contents tumble out. Rhea's eyes were bright with pride as he unfurrowed the parchment. There was no smile on his lips as he held the letter high for his mother and sister to see. "I have been accepted into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." Rhea beamed. "Dad went to Azkaban because he was bad, right?" "Play with your toys," Hestia gently corrected a young Zeus, not looking up from her book as she gently rolled his bright blue ball back towards the round-faced child. Zeus grabbed the ball with both hands, his little brow puckered and lips pouted. The Olympian children gathered around the giant willow outside their familial home. Demeter was inside with Rhea, doing adult things Hestia said, which Hades knew meant their mother was sad again. Zeus, six years old and as right a terror as freshly caught Cornish pixies, couldn't understand. He was too young to remember Kronos. Poseidon, body half on, half off a low-lying limb of the old tree, had a scar lacing across his collarbone from their father. Hades doubted his memories would ever fade. "Yes," Poseidon unhelpfully supplied. "Yes what?" Zeus asked, looking up sharply, already having forgotten his question. "Dad went to Azkaban because he was bad." "Poseidon," Hestia chastised lightly. Hades said nothing, stretched out in the protection of the willow's wide foliage. The girls were always like that, not wanting to talk about Kronos or Azkaban or anything bad. Adult things they said, as if Demeter weren't only two years older than Hades and Hestia a mere three and a half. Sometimes Hades thought Demeter didn't want to talk about it because Kronos never hit her. Of course, Kronos never hit Hestia either but Hestia would stand in front of Hades so Kronos couldn't hit him . Demeter just brought water and towels after. As if sensing his bitter thoughts, Hestia looked up and met Hades' eyes. Hades immediately looked away, guilty. Zeus gave his ball an experimental bounce. "If Dad was bad and he was in Slytherin, does that mean Slytherin is bad?" "Zeus darling, if someone—" Hestia tried to explain, her voice soft and melodious. "Yes," Poseidon cut in, speaking over their sister. "Poseidon," Hestia scowled, turning displeased eyes on him and the little rascal had the decency to avert his eyes, chastised but unrepentant. "All of Dad's friends were in Slytherin," Poseidon argued, staring fixedly at the tree bark, "and half of them are in Azkaban. That stupid tutor, Chiron, he's a Ravenclaw and I heard him say Slytherins are awful, evil people." "Chiron likes to sound smart," Hestia huffed, leaning forward to bat at Poseidon's dangling foot. He quickly swung it up to safety before she could get more than one or two gentle swipes. "And he thinks people will like him more if he says grand, over simplified things. He also doesn't know how to think for himself, just absorbs everything he reads." Zeus' head perked up, "I don't gotta listen to Chiron?" "Have to, not gotta," Hestia corrected. "And I didn't say that, just that he isn't half as smart as he thinks he is." "Like you." "I'm not half as smart as you think I am," Hestia laughed softly. "And you can't just stuff people into a box and label them, it doesn't work that way." "What doesn't work that way?" "Life, darling, life." "I think Chiron knew what he was talking about," Poseidon grumbled, crossing his arms. " He goes to Hogwarts. He says Slytherin are cunning and convoluted." Hades snorted; please, Poseidon didn't even know what convoluted meant. Poseidon glared down at him, his green eyes twinkling maliciously in the evil way nine-year-old's often did. " Hades will be a Slytherin." Zeus giggled, tilting his head so his too long hair fell into bright blue eyes. "Poseidon," Hestia warned, frowning now. "Because he's mean and quiet and always planning something evil, like when he made Mama cry." "Poseidon ." Hades flinched, half from the unfortunate memory and half from his sister's voice. Somehow, her rebuke hurt worse than Poseidon's childish taunts, as if accusing him of being a Slytherin was akin to damning him. "Well, you still wet the bed," Hades snapped back, coming to his feet and shoving at Poseidon's legs. Zeus gave a childish shriek at the revelation and Poseidon, distracted by the noise, was toppled from the tree by Hades' shove. "Hades hurt Poseidon! Hades hurt Poseidon!" Zeus shrieked at the top of his stupid, piercing little lungs as Hestia rushed forward to make sure Poseidon was alright. "Hades's a Slytherin! Hades's a big mean Slytherin!" Hades stood frozen as Hestia fussed over Poseidon, who clearly wasn't hurt but moaned and whined as though Hades beat him, and Zeus shrieked and shouted abuse. Hades heart thumped hard and painful in his chest. "Evil Slytherin! Evil Slytherin!" "Aw, look at him." Theia was an ugly woman, too large and too tall and just, well, too much. She smiled, too wide, and pinched his cheeks, too hard, like he was a baby. Hades tried not to scowl, his eye twitching but the rest of his face remaining stoically blank as the woman pulled away. Rhea put her delicate hand on his shoulder, beaming with pride. "He's so big," Theia gushed, cooing and batting her eyelashes. "Isn't he?" Rhea asked, squeezing his shoulder and Hades almost smiled, chest puffing out. "He looks just like his daddy." And his chest deflated, face falling back into stone. "Does he?" Rhea asked, her voice filled with honeyed warmth. "Oh yes, his face, his eyes, my, the very way he holds himself screams Kronos." Hades wanted to disappear. No, he wanted Theia to disappear. He let his eyes desperately flicker around the sparkling ballroom, the largest of the three in the Olympian house, for one of his sisters. Demeter was chasing a half-naked Zeus around the dessert table; Hestia, smiling and nodding along with one of their uncles. "Why, he'll be a Slytherin for sure." "What?" Hades asked, stomach dropping as he snapped his attention back to the giggling women. "Slytherin for sure," his mother lovingly repeated, stroking his hair. Hades heart pounded in his throat. "What makes you so sure?" Rhea smiled, her laugh like a thousand bells as she placed a kiss on his forehead. "Because you are just like him ." A shriek pierced the evening air—Demeter had finally caught Zeus. "What a rascal," Rhea tsked, shaking her head. Hades wanted to disappear. They were always silent. Hades wasn't sure why he found the silence more unsettling than Kronos' boisterous drunken rage, but the silence was worse. The men appeared one at a time soundlessly in the doorway. They all dressed the same, dark cloaks with black and green scarves, the Slytherin badge curled in the frayed corner. The snake always stood out, a colored and unique pattern against an otherwise monotonous and bleak man. He couldn't remember all the faces, but he remembered the snake. The men would slither into Kronos' study, the door would click without a sound. Poseidon wasn't wrong when he said most of Kronos' friends suffered the same fate as their father. Long after their fates were sealed and Kronos' study forever closed, Hades remembered the silent snake. Hogwarts started before Beauxbatons. Zeus was on Demeter's hip, alternately tugging at her hair and wailing about how it wasn't fair that Hades got to start school first. Poseidon pretended to be decidedly unimpressed at the prospect but attentive eyes watched the Hogwarts Express as eager witches and wizards bustled about. Rhea beamed with pride, her entire body radiant in a way Hades hadn't seen for years. "The Hogwarts Express," Rhea proudly proclaimed, wrapping an arm around Poseidon. "Say goodbye to your brother, children, the next time you'll see him will be Christmas. He'll be a whole different person then, a great man in the making." "Is he going to grow a beard?" Zeus asked skeptically. The family ignored him. "Got your hat? Your wand?" "Yes, Mother," Hades sighed longsuffering. He shifted, almost tripping over the helm of his too long cloak. You'll grow into it , Hestia kindly told him the night before. "You will do wonderfully," Hestia encouraged as the train gave a warning thrill. "Send us loads of letters," Demeter urged. "I want to goo ," Zeus wailed, the brat, as Demeter held on tight to the squirming child. Rhea stepped forward to take Hades' face in her hands. She bowed his head, stepping close so he could feel the warmth of her body even through all the layers of her elegant dress. She pressed a lingering kiss to the crown of his head, steady and calm. "You make me so proud," she whispered and Hades almost smiled, his eyes closing and leaning into his mother's touch. "Oh, you look so like him," she sighed, pulling away enough to brush a lock of hair from his face. Her words twisted something inside of him, his insides curling and hot in an unpleasant sort of way. His mouth tasted like acid. "Well, get along, make lots of friends and don't forget to write," Rhea said as the train whistled again, students making a mad dash for the last minute boarding. Running was not the Olympian way; it was with a slow, careful tread, his head held high, that Hades boarded the Hogwarts Express, his family's eyes on his back. It felt heavy. Having not yet found a compartment, Hades didn't have the luxury of looking out the window, of watching as his family disappeared from sight as the train trudged forward. Somehow, it felt better that way.