Harry and Severus are both aromantic and asexual, although they never use those terms. Forget almost all of the Harry Potter plotline and just go with whatever's implied in the snippets. Timelines... don't exist. Everybody's alive, yay. We're not sure what happened to Voldie. This is unbeta'd, so if you notice any mistakes, please let me know. I do not own Harry Potter. "What are we, Harry?" Hermione looked at him with wide, hopeful eyes. Harry wasn't sure what she was talking about, but he couldn't just tell her that. Hermione would get upset. They were wizards, and students, and fifth years, and humans, and any number of things. Nothing in the context of their conversation helped, either. She had only just recovered her breath from a laughing fit due to Harry's spin on the story of the twin's last prank. Hermione rolled her eyes when Harry failed to answer immediately. "To each other, Harry. What are we to each other?" After getting her annoyance out of the way, Hermione once again got that hopeful, sweet expression on her face. Harry was still confused. "Friends? Best friends, of course." Hermione crumpled. "Oh. Right. Of course." She mustered a weak smile. "How did they get Seamus's hair regrown in time for the feast?" "That's the great part!" Harry enthused, glad to be back in familiar territory. "They didn't!" " Enera !" A sharp flick of his wand set the air crackling, followed swiftly by a branch falling. Harry caught it in a spell before it hit the ground, not foolish enough to make such a loud noise in the Forest. He was tempted, though. A good fight with a Jabberwa sounded good right now. Maybe he'd be able to think clearly, then. Harry gave his wand a swish and brought the branch flying toward himself, catching it as easily as he would a disarmed wand. After a few moments of inspection he set it in the pile to his left. A little too bendy for what he wanted. That's what he got for choosing trees from a distance. Better to spend his temper with cutting curses at trees than people, however. A soft rustling of leaves warned Harry that he had attracted a visitor, and he whipped around, wand at the ready, stunner on the tip of his tongue. His gaze found narrowed black eyes and Harry relaxed. "This is your last free pass of the week, Mr. Potter, and it's only Thursday," Snape remarked dryly. Harry hunched his shoulders, letting the overlong sleeves of his sweater fall over his hands. He didn't have to be at the ready with Snape there to look out for threats. "It's not been a great few days." Snape lifted one eyebrow. The man would never invite Harry to confide in him, but managed to offer it silently anyway. Harry picked up his tiny bundle of selected branches and took a few steps to fold himself among the roots of a nearby tree. He wasn't sure Snape wouldn't just dismiss Harry's concerns as overblown teenage drama. The professor did that sometimes, and it always stung. A few weeks hindsight usually showed that the dismissal was deserved, but Harry really wasn't in the mood to decipher the concern Snape hid in harsh - cruel - words. While Harry stewed, Snape investigated the pile of rejected branches, taking one or two out to test for himself. "You've become more discerning." "Or I'm just not in a generous mood," Harry retorted. Snape's sidelong glance clearly indicated that he expected Harry to elaborate, but Harry refused on principle. "Were the Timberwilly tracks there on your way in?" Harry picked at his sticks. "I wouldn't have noticed if there was," he admitted. "Potter," Snape growled. "Yeah, I know. Sorry, Professor." Harry lifted his glasses to rub at his eyes. "It's been a really not great few days." "That does not excuse carelessness, Potter. Awareness of your surroundings is even more important if you are not working at your best." Snape flicked his wand, vanishing the discarded branches to who-knows-where. "Yeah. I'll be more careful." Harry sighed. "Any chance you'll need to be out here to collect some more herbs tomorrow night?" Snape studied him carefully before deciding, "Yes, Mr. Potter. And I think the lesson will stick best if you join me for detention tomorrow. We will meet in my classroom after supper." "Thanks, Professor." Harry smiled warily and let his head thump back against the tree. He breathed in the mixed scent of furious life and continual decay, so distinctive to the Forbidden Forest. His most joyous memories may have taken place in Hogwarts, but contentment had come to be equated with that smell pricking at his nose. Harry hauled himself up to follow Snape back out of the forest. After a few minutes of walking in silence, Harry eventually asked, "Professor, is there something wrong with being friends?" Snape stopped immediately, glaring at Harry and opening his mouth to reply with a sneer. Then he paused. "Context, Potter." "Right, yeah." Harry rubbed the back off his head. "Hermione's been avoiding me lately, and, when I asked her why, she told me that if we're 'just' friends, she can't spend all her time with me." "You and Granger were not a couple?" "No!" Harry shuddered, thinking of himself involved in any of those gooey, starry-eyed relationships. "We aren't like that. Weren't," he corrected with a wince. Harry squeezed the bundle of branches in his arms like some sort of spiky stuffed animal. "Then perhaps the issue is that she wanted to be," Snape offered. He looked uncharacteristically sympathetic. "Why would she? We were fine how we were. And even if she did, we were still friends . Why would that just stop?" Harry shook his head. Snape was probably the wrong person to ask about interpersonal issues. Then again, usually Harry would ask Hermione, and that wasn't an option anymore. Snape gave a put-upon sigh. "Have you not noticed, Potter, that most people, particularly teenagers, place a great importance on romance?" "Well, they're always showing off with all the couple-y stuff, but it's not like it's really that big of a deal. It's like bragging about a new toy." Harry stopped, stunned by a sudden thought. "Please tell me they're just bragging. They can't be serious about all that-" Harry made vague gestures in the air to articulate his point. "Just because you do not care about that drivel does not mean that they do not. Even the closest of friends may abandon you for a chance at the idiotic concept known as 'true love'." Harry stared up at Snape, devastated. Another way in which he was a freak. "But Hermione's not… she's not even with someone!" "That is because she thought she was with you , Potter," Snape snapped. He continued, with a mix of disdain and relish, "You gave her attention and affection, but most of all, you made her a priority in your life. And because she associates those things with romantic attraction, she assumed that you did as well. Then you crushed her hopes." "But I didn't - I never - Merlin!" Harry strangled a frustrated scream and blinked away tears. He'd lost his best friend over a stupid misunderstanding ? What had he done to make her think that way? Had Harry led her on? Was this Harry's fault? "You sound like a wounded animal. Get up. We're going back to the castle before you attract something nasty." Harry laughed weakly, thinking that surely the nastiest thing in the Forest was already here and on his side. Nevertheless, he obeyed and stood. "Professor? Do you - That is, did you lose a friend like this?" Snape studied him. "Not precisely. My childhood friend was never attracted to me. Rather, she could not imagine the possibility of remaining so close to me while pursuing a romantic relationship with her beloved. She distanced herself, but in the end it was my own fault that our ties were severed completely." "Oh. Um. Thanks for telling me." Harry blushed absurdly, lowering his eyes. Then he looked back up at Snape, pleadingly. "Will I ever… will I ever feel like that? Like being someone's boyfriend is the most important thing in the world?" "I cannot speak for you, Potter," Snape replied severely. "But for myself, no. I never have." "Your go." Harry passed the board back to Severus, idly studying his professor's rooms while he waited for Severus to take his turn. "Clever," Severus muttered, intent on the board. "A compliment, Professor?" Harry teased. "Should I get out my wand? Is the end of the world immanent?" "Oh, shut up." Harry laughed. It was strange, being friends with his professor, but spending time with Severus was easier than interacting with any of Harry's 'peers' had ever been. Severus smirked as he made his move and passed the board back to Harry. Harry stubbornly stared at the board for several minutes before conceding defeat. "You've gotten good at this." "Yes, well, when one's opponent is you …" Severus mocked, but all soft around the eyes in that way that made Harry melt. Before he could blurt out something stupid, Harry began resetting the board. "Have you confirmed your holiday plans?" Severus asked. Harry nodded. "I'll be staying here. Fred and George said I was going to be invited back to the Burrow, but apparently Hermione still isn't as okay as she says she is. Thinks I must be jealous of her and Ron." "You are jealous." "Yeah, because she actually talks to him! And I don't need commentary, I already feel like crap for being willing to settle for whatever scraps of attention she gives me, I don't need to feel worse for begrudging Ron." "Very well." Severus made his first move without contemplating more than a moment. "I've been invited to Germany for the solstice. Hollybrein flowers only bloom in the wild, and only once a year. A new field of them has been discovered." "Oh." Harry swallowed his disappointment. He was excited for Severus. He was. The Potions Master rarely got to go farther than the Forbidden Forest for ingredient collection these days, and Harry knew the man missed travelling. And he was getting the opportunity to access rare, fresh ingredients. "What are the flowers used for?" "Nothing at all. The pollen, however, is invaluable to combat allergies and the common cold. If Hollybrein could ever be cultivated, there would be no more flu season." "That's great! Pollen to fight pollen. Very cool. When. Um. When will you leave, do you know?" "That, Potter, depends on whether the assistant I want agrees to come with me." Harry fumbled the board. "Me? You want - Yes! Yes, can I? Will Dumbledore agree? Is it safe?" Severus chuckled. "Completely." He looked over at Harry, who was correcting the board. "One square to the right, don't cheat." "We can't all have perfect memories," Harry groused, fixing the pieces into their proper positions. He made his move. "So, when are we leaving?" "December twentieth. We'll be cutting it close, but I'd rather be able to stay after to process the pollen before transporting it. And you have assignments to finish, so we can't simply flee to Germany for the entire break." "As if you don't have essays to grade." "It's hardly time consuming to give you dunderheads Trolls," Severus drawled. Then he frowned at the board. "How've you done that?" "Great skill," Harry advised him sagely. He wasn't bothered by Severus's marking anymore. He'd spent afternoons in the man's office while he slogged through the essays with far more care than Harry had originally expected. Two moves later, Snape sighed. "You've won. Now show me that trick again." "Of course, Professor." "So Harry," Fred began, appearing at his elbow. "We heard a rumor," George continued, bracketing him between them. It wasn't unusual, when they all were on their way to Quidditch practice.