Beta appreciation notes for original: Kat and Shot – thanks m'dears. Beta appreciation notes for rewrite: Kat and Derby – thanks my precious, ever patient team. Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own these characters. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended. Ranger-child Chapter II – The Bonds of Isolation by Larrkin Warriors are fascinating. They carry so much inside, unspoken, whereas my kinfolk and I are fairly open about our inner workings. Actually, most hobbits' inner workings take place on the outside. But I've heard others say Bilbo and I are more 'peculiar' than typical hobbits. "That young Frodo, there's something about him. Takes after his uncle he does with his odd ways." It makes me smile. And Sam told me soon after we'd left Rivendell, "You know what others back there were saying about you, Mister Frodo? They say there's something 'elvish' about you. What do you think of that?" Not much I vow. Folks see what they will and few choose to look beneath the surface. But what I was seeing now, over beyond the campfire, where Aragorn had just joined Boromir and Legolas, was certainly intriguing and a great deal was going on beneath the surface. I'd been dozing for awhile, but I awakened suddenly, feeling like some sound had disturbed my sleep, and indeed it looked as though Boromir had been having a nightmare. Legolas was handling him with expert elvish strength. He shot a quick glance our way, but Sam's cloak had partially fallen over my face and my eyes, barely open, were in shadow, so Legolas didn't see me watching. He had his hands full anyway. He gathered Boromir up as if the big man weighed no more than a hobbit and then he awakened him and talked to him and soothed him. I watched, captivated. Such . . . well, hobbit-like behavior for such big, powerful warriors. And yet, why not? Why wouldn't warriors enjoy cuddling, too? I couldn't help the tiny smile that pulled at the corners of my mouth. I loved this treasured closeness to these many others outside my own kind, enjoying the good fortune of it, and trying not to think about the dreadful circumstances that had brought it about. I studied Legolas and Boromir, still fascinated. Although the darkness of the area they were snuggled into made it hard to see much, they looked perfect and content lying there together. Moments before, Boromir had even released a short laugh. Now he was quiet, Legolas smiling down at him, luminous even in the dim light. Legolas suddenly looked over at us. I quickly shut my eyes, waited, then slitted them open again. The expression on his face had grown solemn, his focus off to one side. I followed his gaze. Aragorn now moved towards them. I felt a strange and sudden anxiousness. The tension filling that darkened area seemed a living, breathing thing when Aragorn joined Boromir and Legolas. They rose and faced him, and the three of them began talking, or rather Boromir and Legolas were talking. I could not hear what was said, as I hadn't heard anything all along, but, while Legolas and Boromir were talking in what appeared to be a gentle manner, Aragorn looked weary and disinterested. He stood and listened, shaking his head every so often, but plainly refusing active participation. When Legolas reached out to place a hand on the Ranger's arm, Aragorn drew back and stepped away, then turned and bent down to gather up his bedroll, apparently dismissing them with his actions. I wanted to squirm, it was so uncomfortable a sight. His things gathered, Aragorn turned from his two clearly astonished friends and moved closer to the fire, glancing my way. I narrowed my eyes even more, until I could just barely see. He spread his blanket out and sat down, pulling his cloak about him, wrapping his arms around his knees and drawing them to his chest, his back to Boromir and Legolas. They stood silently for a moment, studying him, then Legolas leaned his head close to Boromir's and said a few words. He placed a hand on the warrior's shoulder, cast one last glance at Aragorn's back, then turned and headed off into the darkness. Boromir sat down and stared at Aragorn for a long while. Several times he nearly got up, and I willed him to do so, to come close to the fire and speak with Aragorn again, for obviously something unpleasant was going on between the three of them and it needed fixing. But Boromir's hesitation spoke to the severity of the matter, as if something sad and awful gave him pause. Soon his great shoulders sagged and he settled back, wrapped his cloak around himself and lay down again. I felt quietly stunned, my stomach twisting, a tremor of genuine fear coursing through me. More and more of late I'd begun to worry about the Ring, whether or not it had the power to influence the actions of the others in our Fellowship. After that horrible transformation of Bilbo's in Rivendell, triggered by merely the sight of the Ring, I kept it close to me and out of sight, hiding my burden, my own, from any it might influence. It was mine, and only I could deal with it, but was it capable of creating mischief in the hearts and minds of others? Such notions frightened me, and I'd thought to ask Gandalf about it. But I had put it off, not quite willing for some reason to share my fears about the Ring. Still, after seeing what I just had, those fears came back to haunt me. I studied Aragorn. He sat quietly, wrapped in his cloak, just staring at the fire, his careworn face tired and troubled. I watched him for some time, wondering what in the world could be going on here. What could have happened in so short a period of time? And when could it have happened? I thought back on what we hobbits, or more precisely, what Merry, Pippin and Sam had been discussing earlier, after Boromir and Legolas returned from the lake and Legolas had handed Sam his bar of soap. He'd thanked the elf, but merely tossed the soap over with his pack, as he'd been busily enthralled watching Aragorn mix some salve that I'd soon learned was, to my embarrassment, for my sore bottom. It wasn't until later that Sam, while packing some things up, studied the bar with a puzzled frown, and said, "Now would you look at that." "What?" Pip asked through his mouthful of the stew. "My soap, it has these strange gouges and lines cut into it, like it was scraped over something sharp. How'd you suppose he did that?" "Who did what?" Merry inquired. "Strider. He'd asked to borrow my soap earlier down by the lake. I wonder what he had to wash out that could make marks like that." Instantly intrigued, Merry and Pippin looked at each other while chewing. "Strider wanted to borrow your soap?" Merry asked. "I offered to wash out whatever he wanted, but he said he'd handle it." "Hm." Pip looked over at me. "What do you think of that, Frodo?" I had a theory so outlandish it made me squirm to entertain it and I had no intention of sharing it. Though usually watchful, my fellow hobbits were clearly too distracted by dinner to notice how often Boromir had been wiping his mouth on his sleeve since he'd returned, almost as if trying to get rid of some very nasty taste. Far be it for me to suggest what might have gone on down at the lake, so I shrugged and said, "What I make of it is that he didn't choose to burden Sam with whatever he wanted washed out." They'd all seemed satisfied with that and went back to eating, but before long, Merry ventured in a hushed low tone, "Has anyone else noticed how often Boromir's been wiping at his mouth?" Hobbits have few covert skills. All three of them turned as one to gaze across the way to where the elf and the warrior sat near a grouping of rocks. I looked skyward, studying the approaching twilight, trying not to laugh. This went on for some time, this casually blatant glancing over at Boromir while everyone ate and smoked and talked quietly. To my embarrassment I found myself glancing over as well, strangely fascinated by the mystery. And a new bit of evidence confirming my notion surfaced. Sam's stew was good, but Boromir seemed to have trouble enjoying it. After a while, when Boromir rose and headed into the high bushes for some privacy, Merry, Pip and Sam put their heads together under the guise of packing their pipes and sharing a light. They talked in hushed voices. I didn't feel like smoking, so I'd hugged my knees to my chest and smiled at them, my dear hobbits. Pippin, naturally, started things off. "You don't suppose--" "Well, why else would he keep wiping at his mouth like that, like--" "--like he's got a bad taste in there he's trying to get rid of, and that soap of mine, it's strong stuff. It would taste right foul." "I can't believe we're thinking what were thinking." "Why not, Pip? If Strider disciplines us by spanking us, maybe he does this thing to Boromir. Who knows what manner of nasty speech he might have been used to back home in Gondor with all his warrior chums?" "Oh, no!" "Keep your voice down." "No, Merry. Boromir has always been fair-spoken. And beside, Aragorn wouldn't do such a dreadful thing. Not to a big, strapping warrior from Gondor." "How do we know he did it to just Boromir? Legolas was there, too." A hushed pause, then: "Oh, come now, Sam. Even Aragorn wouldn't soap out the mouth of an elf!" "Why not?" "Legolas hasn't been wiping off his mouth, though." "He's too dignified for that" Sam suddenly glanced at me, noticing my silence. "What do you think, Mister Frodo?" I sighed. When they were this excited there would be no stopping them and their speculations. It suddenly seemed better to venture my opinion rather than add more fuel to their fire by dismissing their suspicions outright as I had before. They might very well return my lack of interest by indulging their imaginations, maybe even considering other disciplinary tactics, and I was not willing to share what I knew of that. The night before, when Legolas and Boromir had been bringing me back to camp, me with my legs wrapped around the elf's waist as he insisted on carrying me, I'd mentioned Aragorn's comments about a just-spanked manner of walking, and Legolas had let slip something he clearly hadn't meant to. He'd told us that Aragorn had teasingly said the same thing of him. I'd chuckled and said Aragorn was incorrigible. We'd all laughed again, then we all paused, realizing, to our collective shock, what Legolas has just revealed! Positively stunned, the elf had frozen in his tracks. His eyes had widened and his face had gone instantly red, and, wholly embarrassed for him, I'd felt my face flush as well. Boromir had also stopped walking and stood gaping between Legolas and I. But a moment later, and in open sympathy with Legolas, Boromir had confessed his own experiences over Aragorn's knee! In a way, I was still reeling from how utterly astonishing all this was, and I had no intention of revealing such information to my hobbit friends. I didn't like keeping secrets from them, but, considering how mortified Legolas and Boromir had been, with just me knowing their secret, I could only imagine how they'd feel if Merry, Pippin and Sam knew. I now said, "I think what you're supposing is