Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended. I don't own Tolkien's original characters, however, my OC's, Gwinthorian, Garrick, Devon and several other Rangers are exclusively my own. Fireworks! by Larrkin Of all Gandalf's fine rockets thus far this night, the fire-breathing dragon was best! The absolute best! Even though half the hobbits in the Shire ended up flat on their bellies as it roared past our heads – oh! That thing was magnificent! After it exploded over the lake we all clambered up, and while some of the older, grumpier sorts growled about such foolish, dangerous wizardry, most of us laughed ourselves silly, applauded wildly and hoo-hoooo-ed with glee! The littlest nippers giggled and squealed, though some of them still clung to their mamas' skirts, the fierceness of the dragon being a bit too much for them. It had nearly been a bit too much for me. And as it thundered our way all I could think was ' Bilbo!' I had to get to him, keep him safe, for even though this gigantic monster of fire and sparkle wasn't really 'real' it still might unnerve him badly. I'd grown up listening to his tales of Smaug. I knew the shimmer of fear that could still light up Bilbo's eyes when he spoke of his encounter with that very real dragon. So I got to him and pulled him down, and just in time, too. The dragon zoomed right over us, raced out to the lake, and burst into thousands of glistening lights over the water, and then, Oh! the hobbit roars of delight! "Hoorah for Gandalf!" everyone bellowed, the party erupting into gaiety once more. In a twinkling, tables and benches were righted and covered with yet more food and more ale and the music began again and the dancing re-commenced. "That was splendid! Splendid!" Bilbo laughed and chuckled, still clapping his hands. "I must find my old friend and congratulate him on yet another great success! But -" He looked around, his eyes searching. "But where-? Frodo, do you see Gandalf about?" The wizard was always easy to spot, towering as he did over the crowd. I gazed out across the sea of curly hobbit heads, craning my neck this way and that. "Hm. I don't see him anywhere, Bilbo." "Hm." "Hm." I glanced at my uncle. He looked like he could do with a sit down and an ale, so I nodded to a lad heading our way with a tray full of sloshing flagons. "I'll go find him," I said shoving a flagon in Bilbo's hand and urging him to sit on the bench. "Wait here. He's probably near the fireworks wagon." "Thank you, dear boy!" Bilbo tossed back his first big gulp. "There's a good lad." And off I trotted in search of the wizard. Odd that I couldn't just look up and see him, or at least his hat. But when I approached his wagon – which was off limits to all but him, I slowed my steps, and the closer I got the more I slowed down . . . listening . . . Gandalf's wagon sat at the edge of the party grounds where few cared to stroll, but there were several storage tents around here, most of them empty now, and I heard a sound coming from the closest tent that, well, shocked and intrigued me. I crept closer, and, noooo, there was no mistaking the sound I heard. It was the sound of a spanking, and a fairly sincere spanking at that. And I had a feeling I knew who . . . . I stole along the outside shadow of the tent, then stopped and held very still, listening . . . . Oh, yes; I knew who was doing the spanking. I knew from first-hand experience that Gandalf's Big Person Palm sounded different than a hobbit's palm sounded when whacking a hobbit bottom. Gandalf's was a whack that made one gulp! And I knew whose voice was wailing rather piteously. "AHHHHHHH! S-Sorrrryyy Gan-Gandalf! OW! OW! OWWWWWWWWWWW!" Yes, indeed. That was Merry's distinctively low tone, now thick with tears. I stood frozen in place, dumbfounded, wondering what on earth was going on. Well, with my cousins it could be any outlandish kind of mischief. "Hmmmph. I dare say you are sorry young Brandybuck." Gandalf's gruff voice. He sounded decidedly peeved. "Anyone with a bottom as red as yours could do no less than be quite sorry indeed." "IYAAAAMMMMMM!" So, this spanking had been going on for some time. Of course Pippin was likely involved, too. I didn't hear any sniffly, snuffly recovering-just-spanked-Pip sounds, though, so perhaps my littlest cousin hadn't yet had his turn over Gandalf's knee. But I'd bet my next month's ale allowance that Pip was in that tent, watching and trembling. "Sorrrryyyy! Big-BIG sorry!" "So you've been saying. And why are you big-big sor -" "S-sorry we took th-the fire w-works and set off th-the dragon!" Aha. 'We.' Sorry we took the - WHAT? Sorry they – WHAT? Merciful stars! So that was why the dragon had so perilously mowed down the crowd! I'd wondered what Gandalf had been thinking. Well, this explained it. Ohhhh, that my mischievous cousins had, ohhhhhhh! Those two would dare almost anything. But to mess about with Gandalf's fireworks, most of which were highly dangerous! A bolt of hot anger flashed through me. Why, they could have set the party afire! They could have set themselves afire! "Do you realize that you two could have set the party afire, sir?" "Y-Y-Yessssssssssssssss!" "Do you realize that you two could have set yourselves afire?" "Y-Yessssss! Yes, Gan-d-dalf!" "And you do realize that it is only by the grace of the Valar that you received a mere charring?" A - A charring? They were ' charred?' Oh, no! Were they all right? Well, clearly they must be, or Gandalf wouldn't be spanking them. But, it could have been so much worse! I drew my nails to my teeth and began gnawing. "Uh-huhhhhh! Y-Yessirr! Real-lize! Sooooo so sorrrrry!" "Very well then." A final huge spank that made Merry howl, then the swats halted. Merry wept in a garbled manner, probably into the crook of his arm, and after a few moments Gandalf muttered, "Come here, youngling." I envisioned what I heard next, a rustling about, whimpers and Merry's hoarse voice, snuffled within the grey wizard robes, repeatedly mumbling, "S-Sorryyyy, G-Gandalf," followed by a rumbly, "Hush now. Shh. I know. Forget it, young sir. That's enough, now. 'Tis over." Somewhere in that tent, likely clinging to the shadows and shifting from foot to foot was an anxious wee Took. But I heard nothing beyond the comfort sounds of Merry's calming time . . . nothing save Pippin's heavy, ominous silence. Why I kept standing there, I've no idea. Morbid curiosity kept me locked in place. But the sudden notion of possible discovery came to me, so I turned to slink back to the party when: "Frodo! Come in here at once!" I near jumped out of my skin! Gandalf's growled order ripped through me like hot lightning, setting every nerve a-quiver. I stood there, blood pounding, shaken. No use wondering just how Gandalf knew I was outside the tent. He simply knew, wretched wizard! "Frodo!" "Coming!" I cried, jolted into action. "At once!" "Coming, Gandalf! Coming!" I scurried 'round to the front of the tent. This was silly. I had nothing to fear. I hadn't done anything but eavesdrop for a few minutes. No, nothing to fear. I scampered into the tent and saw what my imagination had tried to conjure, but had fallen short of actually envisioning. Merry was a freakish sight! His hair, blackened with soot, stood straight up on end! He looked fried! Oh, that he should have been so close to such a roaring flame! His tears had sliced glistening trails down through the soot covering his face, and he was now smearing his cheeks even more by trying to swipe the wetness away with his forearms. My cousin, usually so very aware of his dandified appearance, was an absolute mess. My anger melted and my heart went out to him. With his britches still down below his knees, Merry sat perched on Gandalf's big lap, staring at me, plainly stunned to see me there. Gandalf, however, gazed at me with an expression of polite inquiry mixed with a vexed frown. A vexed wizard wasn't a good thing. A slight shift in the shadows next to me made me jump. Ah. There he was. Pippin. Looking just as frightful as Merry did. I don't know when I'd ever seen my pretty cousin looking quite so pathetic. I stared, tangled between the urge to burst out laughing and the longing to spank him myself. Pippin stood perfectly still, peering at me with round eyes full of astonished dismay. Being caught and facing a spanking from Gandalf was bad enough, but now, a witness to their comeuppance – horrors! "WELL?" Gandalf barked. All three of us flinched and looked at him. But the wizard was staring at me. "I-I-I – " "Yes?" "Well, I . . . I was j-just . . . " And my mind went blank. I hadn't done anything wrong, not really, and yet my mind went positively blank. "You need answer but one question, Master Baggins," Gandalf rumbled. "Did you have any part in this dragon rocket theft?" I gasped. "NO! No, I certainly did not!" "No, he didn't, Gandalf!" Merry cried at the same moment. "He really didn't!" "NOOOOOO!" Pippin stepped forth into the torchlight. "Frodo dinna know anything about it! It was just me and Merry did it, Gandalf! Just us!" "Yes, just us. Frodo wouldn't do anything so, so – " "Naughty!" Pip burst in. "He'd never do something so naughty and – and – " "Dangerous?" Gandalf raised a bushy brow, freshly peeved. Seriously peeved. Silence, then: "Uh . . . well, yes." Merry studied his toes and swallowed hard. "D-Dangerous." "Aye," Pippin muttered. "D-Dangerous, and – and – " "Naughty." Gandalf cast Pip a glower. "I-I came looking for you for Bilbo's sake, Gandalf," I said, feeling I'd best explain myself and quickly. "He wanted to tell you how wonderful the, well, how-how wonderful the dragon w-wasss –" No saving that awkward moment. I squirmed for my cousins, even though I was upset with them. "Then you've naught to fear from me, Frodo," Gandalf said, tugging Merry's britches back into place, "save a warning against ill-mannered inquisitiveness. Come. Make yourself useful. Sit you down with your sore-bottomed cousin whilst I deal with his co-conspirator." Pippin whimpered softly and I gave him a 'be brave little cousin' nod, then I looked about. A large pile of tarpaulin lay bunched to one side of the tent, so I heaped it into a sofa-like form that Merry and I could share, then I sat, spreading my legs just as Gandalf put Merry down and gave his bottom a tap, heading him in my direction. Gingerly rubbing his behind and swallowing back sniffles, Merry collapsed down between my legs and my open arms, hissing when he connected with the tarpaulin. Oh, but he was a sooty mess! It took me a moment to get used to the scent of burnt hair and singed clothing, but I helped shift him onto his hip and lean back against me, settling him within my arms. We then turned our attention to Pippin's plight. "Come, sir," Gandalf said, and he held a hand out to Pip. My young cousin wasn't mad enough to outright defy a wizard, but Gandalf the Grey was known at times to be a touch impatient and at present he was clearly of the opinion that Pippin could be moving at a brisker pace. "Tonight,