Beta appreciation notes for original: Kat and Shot. Beta appreciation notes for rewrite: Kat and Derby – thanks my precious, ever patient team. Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own these characters. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended. Solace of The Heart Ranger-child Chapter VII Epilogue by Larrkin It was always a relief when all four hobbits were fast asleep. Frodo was often restless these nights. I feared the problem would increase the closer we moved to Mordor and the longer he wore the Ring around his slender neck. But for now, he slumbered like a contented halfling child, wrapped securely in Sam's arms. Master Gamgee had become a blessing to the Ringbearer that even I had not foreseen that night I hauled the young spy through the window at Bag End and threatened him with my wizard's glare. I could not now imagine how Frodo could have functioned thus far without him. I crossed to the pile of sleeping hobbits and carefully stepped around the small mound of tangled blankets and curls that was Merry and Pippin in order to secure what I wanted from Sam's pack. The pouch of salve had little left, but as I had hoped, Sam rationed the last of it, his frugal hobbit sensibilities forbidding him to use it all on Frodo's well-spanked backside, although he had clearly been tempted to do so. I smiled down now at the young gardener and the Ringbearer, remembering the scene between them earlier. It had severely challenged poor Gimli's restraint. His eyes had glistened with the strain of suppressed laughter. The dwarf and I were seated across the fire from the hobbits, plainly at a fair enough distance to give them a feeling of privacy within their small circle. It was a clear evening, though, one in which sound travels easily, so we could hear the amusing quibblings of the little ones quite well. "Sam, no!" Frodo had said, scowling at Sam who stood peering unhappily down into the pouch of salve. "I don't need that." " Beggin' your pardon, Mister Frodo, but you do. It'll help ease that fire on your poor little bottom and you know it." Frodo sniffed and grumbled, "It's amusing to hear you speak that way since you're the one responsible for the fire on my 'poor little bottom.'" Sam narrowed a sharp look upon Frodo. "'Scuse me? Who's the one responsible for that again?" "I-I --" Frodo blushed and resumed his pout. "I don't like that stuff. It's sticky." "That well may be, but you'll lay quiet while I spread this on, little sir, and I'll not be hearing any back-talk about it." "Sam!" Frodo glared, positively indignant. "Why are you fussin', Frodo?" Pippin piped up from his nest in Merry's arms. "It helps take the edge off the sting. It really does. And it's not sticky." "It is too." Frodo's sulk deepened, making him look all of twelve years old. "Hush, Pip. You're supposed to be going to sleep," Merry said. He turned to frown at Sam. "What's wrong?" Young Gamgee had been glancing around, displeasure tightening his face. "Well, a bit of privacy would be nice while I do this, but I don't want to take Frodo far from the fire now that night's closed in and it's getting chilly, not when I have to pull his britches down again." Frodo looked utterly mortified, his already-thin patience shredding. "I do happen to be standing right here," he exclaimed. "And I'm telling you, I don't need that sticky stuf --" "Mister Frodo, I really don't think you want to keep giving me sass about this, now do you?" Frodo's eyes grew huge. "Sass?" He paused and considered Sam's expression, then he fumed, still rosy with embarrassment, and grumbled, "Perhaps not." "If you're worried about privacy, Sam, just do what I did," Merry offered. "Sit with your back to the fire and turn him over your lap right here." Frodo huffed at Merry. "Must you also talk about me as if I wasn't here?" Merry ignored him. "Go ahead, Sam. No one wants to watch." "I do." Pippin giggled. "And I plan to watch!" Then he caught Merry's glare, cleared his throat and made a poor attempt at sobering. "Sorry. I won't watch, Frodo. Not much." Frodo's scowl went impossibly deeper. Sam meanwhile was nudging the blankets around with his foot. He took up Frodo's hand. "C'mon, Mister Frodo. If you behave this shouldn't take long." "Sam!" Frodo cringed back. "You wouldn't! Not here!" "Aye. Here and right here. And you're only calling attention to yourself with that tone. You're going to get this salve smeared on your hot bottom, Mister Frodo, make no mistake, and if you give me trouble I can make it a little hotter, so's you'll be only too happy to let me do this." Frodo blushed so intensely his face fairly glowed in the firelight, his wide eyes full of astonishment. Watching Sam with worried fascination and clearly no idea of how to handle this new and authoritative side of his formally biddable servant, Frodo drew a finger to his teeth and started gnawing at the nail. "Ah, ah, ah," Sam said, taking hold of Frodo's hand. He drew the wet fingertip to his lips and kissed it, then smiled softly at his master and said, "C'mon now, Mister Frodo. You know it's for the best. Behave for me now. Mmm? My hand already stings something fierce." Frodo broke into the sweetest smile, casting an adoring gaze at his servant. "Ah, my poor Sam. All right. Perhaps the salve will help your hand as well." I watched them for another moment now, recalling Frodo's immediate compliance. He allowed Sam to ease him over his lap and draw his britches down from what did indeed appear to be a sore posterior, then he remained still while Sam applied the athelas salve. Of which, I again now noted, there seemed to be precious little left. Surely not enough for what Legolas would require. However, it was better than nothing, so I left the slumbering hobbits and the snoring dwarf and the sleeping Captain of Gondor and headed out for the watch point. It would be best that Legolas have what he needed early enough to apply it in the pre-dawn hour before the others awoke. He heard me approach, of course. I paused at the small clearing where Aragorn and Legolas lay and I held up the pouch. Legolas signaled me over and I moved towards them silently, knowing the reflexes of a Ranger, even one as clearly exhausted as Isildur's heir was at present. I stood over them for a moment, studying Aragorn. He looked spent, lying atop Legolas, his cloak covering his body, only his head and one arm visible, both resting upon Legolas' chest. Aragorn looked beautiful, his features boyish and tranquil. Ah. At last. Peace for the troubled young king. And, no doubt, a flaming backside. Legolas also looked content, his small grin luminous. His arms encircled Aragorn, and he had what appeared to be Aragorn's breeches balled up under his head, serving as a pillow. I squatted down and handed Legolas the pouch. "There is, I am afraid, little left," I whispered. "Better than nothing." "My thoughts exactly. Fortunately Samwise has a hobbit's knack for husbandry. He shall wonder what happened to the rest of this when he looks for it again, though." "I shall not worry about that for now," Legolas wisely murmured. "Perhaps he will not notice its absence until late tomorrow when we stop, and by then Estel will be busy making more." "Hmm. Perhaps." I glanced at the young Ranger who lay so still he barely seemed to be breathing. "He did well, Gandalf," Legolas whispered. "His pain has been purged. The Aragorn all know and love shall return tomorrow." I reached out and touched the head of dark, tangled locks, feeling the peace flowing through the man and up into my palm, a quiet warmth. "Yes." I nodded, closing my eyes. "He has returned to himself." I lifted my hand and glanced again at Legolas. "You have done well, too, Greenleaf." "Nay." He blushed. "It is he who has triumphed." "Legolas." I gave him a gentle, knowing grin. "This young human is rare, but take credit where it is due. He thrives because of your love, my humble young Thranduilion and there's an end to it." Blushing anew, Legolas looked away and grinned. I wondered if this resplendent prince had any understanding of his importance in the life of the extraordinary human lying atop him, sleeping so soundly. "Thank you," Legolas murmured, holding up the pouch. "I shall make good use of what little there is." I nodded and stood, releasing a soft groan and inwardly cursing my tiresome old creaky form. Then I bid Legolas goodnight and left the pretty scene. All was as it should be, at least for tonight. I neared the encampment, sensing the contented pulse of those sleeping there, reaching out to pull me in. A quiet peace invaded me. Yes, for tonight all was well within the Fellowship. - - - - - - - - - - "Ow!" "Sorry." I tried to suppress a chuckle, without success. "You have a trying sense of humor, elf." He was only making me chuckle more. "Estel, I truly am sorry, but I am barely touching you. You shall needs suffer some pressure if I am to spread this on your backside. And unless you plan to trek bare-bottomed all day, we must get these breeches on you." Aragorn growled low in his throat. "Why did you have to spank me so hard and for such a long time?" "I felt I was being merciful. I can, however, continue last night's lesson if you do not cease this wriggling and whimpering." "Whimpering?" "I advise you to watch your tone and your position," I said teasingly. Aragorn pushed himself up on one stiff arm from his place over my lap, turned, and shot me a glare over his shoulder. "You are enjoying this too much, sir." "Aye. No doubt." I grinned and pushed him back down. "But you shall not enjoy the feel of your breeches if I fail to spread this small bit of salve that is left onto your tender bottom. So be brave, little Ranger. After all, both Frodo and Pippin have lived through this treatment, Frodo twice now. Surely you have as much stamina as a halfling." "Enjoying this far too much," he grumbled. "Hold still." "OW!" He was right. I was enjoying this far too much. But I also felt for my Ranger-child. His bottom looked quite painful, and I knew the day would be difficult for him, but at least he would enjoy this small bit of comfort. I carefully smoothed the salve onto his sculptured cheeks, struggling to behave myself despite the lovely sight spread over my lap. Aragorn's bottom, now an attractive shade of crimson, glistened beneath the salve, severely challenging my restraint. This business of spreading a cooling salve on a hot spanked backside was new for us, a treatment Aragorn had devised out of compassion for both Sam's worry and Frodo's bottom following the duel spanking Boromir and I had given the Ringbearer. Would that I had enjoyed the salve's soothing benefits lo these many years! I should have had Sam to represent my interests. "I should deny you this comfort and let you feel your lesson in full all day," I now told my gasping victim. He froze and went silent. "Well," I continued, "I was never allowed to luxuriate in the benefits of this." "Nor was I." "Hmm. True." He fell silent, then he sighed and said, "Dawn approaches." I lightly glazed my fingers over his warm skin, watching it drink in the healing