Continuing on from whence I left off, this picks up after AD, A Beta appreciation notes for original: Kat and Shot – thanks m'dears. Beta appreciation notes for rewrite: Kat and Derby – thanks my precious, ever patient team. Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own these characters. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended. Ranger-child Chapter I – Irrational Passions by Larrkin "Please just hand it over, Mister Frodo. That small lake at the bottom of this hill is perfect for washing, and it's warmish enough for you to go around in naught but your vest and coat 'till I'm done." "I don't need a clean shirt, Sam. No one else has clean clothes." "None of the others has their gardener along to help see to their comforts, neither. But as I'm here, and as a nice clean shirt would more'n likely feel good, I plan to stand right where I am until you hand it over." I lowered my head and smiled. When first observing them together in Bree I noticed that Frodo and Sam enjoyed a master-servant relationship unlike any other. Sam clearly adored Frodo and he treated him respectfully, but he also cared for his master in a no-nonsense manner. If Sam decided that Frodo needed something, he made sure Frodo accepted it, regardless of what Frodo himself had to say about it. I should have moved to where I could not overhear them, or at least have had the courtesy to stop listening, but Master Gamgee at work on his charge was too delightful a scene to pass up, so I sat quietly and smoked and pretended that my distance was enough to keep me from hearing what went on. No matter, as they seemed to be paying me no heed. Clearly realizing the folly of taking on Sam, Frodo had removed his vest and was now unbuttoning his shirt, muttering all the while. "This is silly, Sam, and utterly unnecessary," Frodo groused. "You've walked all day, cooked, practiced with Boromir and now you want to wash my shirt." "That sums it up nicely," Sam said in his cheery manner. Frodo sighed and snatched the offered coat from his unflappable servant. "You should be resting, not trotting down the hill to do my wash." "I'll rest, soon as I'm finished," he said, taking Frodo's surrendered shirt from him. "Now, once I've got this clean I'll hang it over that tree there and this breeze will dry it in no time." He turned the garment over in his hands, making small disapproving sounds about its condition. "Aye, it looks like you've been crawling around the underbrush alright," he grumbled, shooting Frodo a reproachful look that his master pretended not to see. Ah, Frodo had told Sam what had happened after Boromir and Legolas caught up to him last evening. Again I smiled, recalling the little one's subdued manner when the two satisfied-looking warriors had returned him to camp. He had been full of humble apologies for everyone, and I later noticed him walking with that adorable, just-spanked gait. Deservedly so, as I found out upon hearing the tale. Sam now turned to leave, and before he had taken his second step Frodo said, "Sam, thank you." Sam grinned at him, and then he trotted off, the shirt clutched in one fist and, in the other, a bar of soap. I puffed my pipe a few more times, then glanced around for Legolas. He was crouched on a far rock, gazing off over the vista below. I leaned my head back against the tree, thinking things over. It had been well over a week since I had spanked Legolas and vowed to soap out his mouth. How rapidly things had changed in that time! Since a few days after my elfling's spanking, when Merry and Frodo and I had happened upon Legolas and Boromir smiling and laughing together, my two warriors had become close companions. Legolas now referred to Boromir as 'little brother.' It made me grin, and it clearly delighted the great Captain of Gondor. " I vow, Aragorn," Legolas had said a few days after first calling Boromir 'little brother,' "he absolutely thrives upon it! He beams that big, shy smile when he hears it. Whoever would have thought it? I find myself calling him little brother all the time now, just to see that boyish grin!" We had shared a small chuckle, my happiness blossoming. How perfect to see these two becoming fast friends! And all because they had begun by earning spankings for their ill-mannered treatment of each other. Legolas had earned something else as well, something I had yet to attend to. Sam and his soap brought my negligence to mind. However, all was well now, all misdeeds forgiven, all bad humor forgotten. So why reopen the matter? Because it lay waiting to be finished. Because it had been more than a mere threat, it had been a vow spoken with intent. And because, although I felt certain Legolas had comfortably dismissed it from his immediate thoughts, he yet held the memory of that vow and intent somewhere in the back of his mind. Odd though it might seem, my elfling expected me to follow through with what I had promised him, actually drawing a measure of comfort from my steadfastness. I did not intend to let him down. I gauged how much fight I had in me at present. I doubted Legolas would give me trouble, but it was possible I would be inviting his resistance should I pursue this further. However, the opportunity had presented itself nicely. Sam had a bar of soap down at the water's edge, and although the small lake was close enough for someone to be heard should they cry out from there, it was not within eyesight of our encampment. I could find a secluded spot for added privacy along the shoreline, some high weeds to shield us from curious eyes . . . . Ah, well. I had rested enough. I stood and knocked my pipe clean and called, "Legolas." He glanced over his shoulder with a questioning look, then stood and headed my way when he saw me approaching. "Walk with me," I said. Legolas nodded and we headed off in the direction the lake. We talked of small matters on the way, laughing over a few of the little ones' silly moments. And I told him again, as I had many times, of how pleased I was that he and Boromir were getting on so well. "I never would have guessed from the enormous smile you flash our way when we are being good." I grinned. "You do realize that have told me this at least one hundred times, Aragorn." "Only one hundred times?" I shoved him with my elbow and we laughed. Approaching the water, we heard Sam's voice. He was speaking in a serious tone to someone, and upon clearing the trees we saw Boromir standing with a solemn expression, listening to the hobbit. Sam was hugging Frodo's wrung-out shirt to his side as though it was Frodo himself, unmindful of its wetness. "I know it was for his own good --" They both turned and watched us draw near. "Oh," Sam said. "Good. You're all here. I can say this once and have it done, since I don't think Gimli or Gandalf's taken a turn with poor Mister Frodo over his knee." Legolas and I drew up beside Boromir and the three of us stood in front of the hobbit like schoolboys about to be scolded by their tutor. "Now," Sam began, gazing up at us with a perfectly tutor-ly frown. "I don't mean to criticize, because I know you, well . . . you all do what you do for Frodo's sake, and I'm the first to admit that there's times when he needs a good . . . trip over someone's knee. So I know you're only doing what needs done, and it does help him. I-I guess. Well, no . . . no, it does. It does help him. I have to admit it's . . . it's a good thing." Sam paused to swallow, this last confession clearly having been hard to make. I felt proud of my two warriors for maintaining a respectful attitude, something I knew was a struggle, given how oddly charming this was. I also could not help recalling what Frodo had once told me with a fond smile: "Sam doesn't like to say 'spank,' you know, in any form. He'll put it any other way he can rather than utter that word. He is so dear, my Sam." "So," dear Sam now continued, "I'm not saying you shouldn't do such a thing to Mister Frodo. In fact, hard as it seems for me to believe, I'm thanking you for it. He knows you do it because you care about him, and I know it, too, deep inside. And any help you can give Mister Frodo is welcome to me, even if it means he has trouble sitting." I bit the inside of my bottom lip to keep from bursting into a grin. On either side of me I sensed Boromir and Legolas fairly trembling from the strain of keeping an earnest demeanor. We all deserved high praise for our efforts. "But, what I want to say is, actually, what I'm asking is that you, well . . . ." Sam hesitated. We waited quietly. "I guess I'm asking that you go easy on him, but, wait . . . no. No, I'm not asking that, because I know a lesson isn't learned unless it's given in a way so's you don't forget it, if you take my meaning. "So, look, I'm not asking that you hold back from giving Frodo what you think he needs. I trust you to know just how much to give him and how much he can take, and I know you won't never really hurt him, not in a way so's he's frightened at least, but just in that way where his backside is smarting enough for him to learn his lesson. I'm just, just --" Sam huffed in frustration and dropped his gaze, struggling to conjure the proper words and muttering to himself, "Come on, Samwise, you fool, enough prattle! Say what you mean and mean what you say." "Sam," I said, unable to abide his discomfort. He glanced up hopefully. "Perhaps you are asking that we spank Frodo enough to make our point, while remaining ever mindful of what a halfling can tolerate." The tightness in Sam's features relaxed in relief. "Aye!" he said. "Exactly. I can't be mad at you for what you do, but in a way I can't help it either. And if my Frodo can understand that, I reckon you can, too." "You reckon wisely, Sam," Boromir said. "And he is blessed to have you to comfort him afterwards." Sam flushed and shifted from foot to foot. "Well, I just wish I could spare him some lessons in the first place, or leastways offer him something to ease his pain." "But you do ease his pain, sir." Legolas smiled gently. "You ease the pain in his bottom by way of his heart, with the love you give to him." "Aye." Reaching out to tousle his curls, I said, "There is no greater ease you can offer than that, Sam." The rosy glow on Sam's cheeks deepened to a warm red. He grinned up at us. "Mister Frodo deserves all that and more." Then he took a deep breath, saying, "I'd best be getting back. But thanks for hearing me out. I guess we understand each other better now, and if sometime I seem mad at any of you after you've . . . dealt with Mister Frodo, understand there's no