Beta appreciation notes for original: Kat, Chris and Shot. Beta appreciation notes for rewrite: Kat and Derby – thanks my precious, ever patient team. Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own these characters. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended.Ranger-child A Perfect Immovable Force by Larrkin He was there in the shadow of a great boulder, sitting with such exquisite stillness I did not notice him at first. He was not smoking. Neither glow of pipe cinders nor scent of leaf gave away his presence. Aragorn simply sat in the lonely dark, looking out, denying himself even the small comfort of his pipe. I stood silently, watching him, feeling his private sorrow flow over me, mixing with my own remorse for having waited so long. I thought at first he had not seen me, but then, from the shadows, came his low voice, his tone mild, even disinterested, the tone of a man disconnected from all but the most necessary considerations, breathing, staying alert, existing. "What do you want, Legolas?" Cold. Distant. Ah, my poor Estel. Moving from the shadows, I crossed to a great flat stone closer to him where I sat down, cross-legged, and said, "Frodo and Sam have returned." "Is that what you came to tell me?" I ignored his abrupt question. "You need to make more salve." As I had hoped, that drew a weary grin from him. "There are entirely too many spankings going on around here," he said. I felt a thrill at his gentle remark, and I had to smile at the irony of his words. "True," I replied. "However, with four hobbits --" "Ahh, indeed." He sighed. "At this rate I shall run out of supplies long before we reach Lothlorien." "At least Merry and Sam have managed to avoid anyone's knee since leaving Imladris." Aragorn snorted. "We have a long way yet to go. I feel they are biding their time. Merry especially. Sam, however . . . ." Aragorn shook his head, gazing off thoughtfully. "Sam is not like the others. He neither seeks attention nor needs to be spanked for mischief. But Merry . . . ." Aragorn sniffed a grin. I grinned back. "Aye, his impishness runs below the surface." "Several times I have dealt with both he and his little cousin at the same time, for the same mischief." Releasing a soft chuckle, I said, "And Merry usually proves to be the initial force." "Exactly," he chuckled himself. "He gets guilty look in his eye, though, so I know when he has been instigating something." "You are right. We shall never reach 'Lorien 'ere you run out of supplies." "Ah, well. Until then I shall have Sam keep a lookout for more athelas ." How good it felt to talk quietly and lightly with him this way, how comforting and familiar. But I had a purpose to fulfill. After a moment of quiet, I said, "Sam did well tonight." "He cared for Frodo wonderfully." "He always does." I paused again, then said, "Forgive me, Estel." He shot me a quick look of mild surprise. "Forgive you for what?" "For having less sense and compassion than a sweet, gentle hobbit." He sat up straighter, staring directly back at me. "You sound like Gandalf, speaking in riddles. What are you trying to say?" "Frodo and Sam were having a heated discussion earlier. Frodo said something, I heard not what it was, but it so angered Sam that he began using a tone to which Frodo took exception. Sam was speaking to him as an equal, not as a servant." Aragorn frowned. "Aye, but you know that the master-servant boundaries hold no sway over those two. They are --" "Aye. Like us. They love each other beyond all constraints, so this was hard for them both. I fear the Ring was influencing Frodo. Sam's audacity enraged him and his temper gave way." Aragorn nodded slowly, his gaze now a bit more discerning. "Sam threatened Frodo's formal position of authority, so Frodo struck back, reminding Sam of his 'place,' demeaning him, and mistreating him as no good master should." "Abusing his power," Aragorn murmured a sadness to his tone. "Ah, poor Frodo. And poor Sam." I paused, letting him think on this for a moment, then I said, "Aye, it was awful, hearing the things Frodo said. He clearly regretted saying them. His eyes were full of both fury and remorse. Finally, he stormed off, ordering Sam to stay and think on his behavior. Sam stood thinking for several long moments before he followed Frodo, and you know the rest." Aragorn nodded thoughtfully. Then he flashed me a perceptive look. "And your point?" "My point is, Sam would not allow Frodo to suffer the guilt that would have surely come to him following his ill-temper and abuse of power, nor would he allow Frodo's ill-treatment of him to go unanswered. Sam had the wisdom and compassion to deal with his beloved Frodo at once and spare him any suffering." "I see." "And so I ask your forgiveness, Estel, for having less wisdom and compassion than a certain young gardener. I let you suffer these past few days when I also should have taken care of the matter at once." I stood quickly. So did Aragorn. He was instantly alert, the warrior challenged, understanding perfectly what I intended to do. We stood silently for a moment, gazing at each other, each knowing the other too well for any surprises to lie before us. "You have misjudged me, sir," he said. Watching me with deceptive calm, he ambled away from the boulder to an open area. Aye, cunning young warrior. Do not block yourself in. "I appreciate your concern, but there is nothing you need do here." I remained silent, but a warm rush spread within me. Aragorn was adhering to our familiar ritual, our patterns established long ago when he was a young adult. Yearning for redemption, he was more than willing to partake in what he knew I had come to do. Within the bold look he now fastened upon me lay a glimmering of genuine relief, and an unspoken message, "thank you." Now, on to our small ritual. Aragorn was a man of reason, ever choosing council over force. He also stood no chance against what he knew I could unleash, so, at present, reason was his only choice. I contemplated him. I need not move yet, not yet. For now I would just observe. I could have settled the matter at once by forbidding the indulgence of this preliminary dance and simply spanking him. How much simpler that would have been to handle Aragorn as I had when he was a child! But, though elements of this remained the same between us, it was also more complex. Aragorn's adulthood needed to be considered, and I was grateful that I figured out what to do, how to help him all those years ago. I knew exactly what Aragorn needed, and it began by holding to this course we had established between us over time. He deserved whatever measure of comfort our routine afforded him. The entire night lay before us. Plenty of time. I was in no rush. And so I remained silent and watchful, respecting his need, and finding him incredibly endearing in his vulnerable state. Aragorn touched me in the deepest way when he was like this, wringing from me an even deeper protectiveness than usual. To be needed by him resonated within my very core. Was there anything better? "I have been troubled of late, it is true," he went on. "I have perhaps been short with others. I handled Pippin badly today. I know that. But allow that I am dealing with what concerns me and my private thoughts and actions. So you need not trouble yourself on my account." I let him dig himself in deeper, and he did, prattling on about how he felt all this was beginning to pass and how he had simply been adjusting to his new responsibilities and other such pure nonsense. No response was needed from me. Indeed, what could I say to such ramblings? Aragorn himself did not believe most of what he was saying. He simply felt compelled to say something and there was really nothing he could say. Suddenly he quieted. He stood utterly still and gazed at me, clearly understanding what was about to take place, knowing he could do nothing to stop me, and yet still trying to fight off the inevitable. "Legolas, please. Say something." "What would you have me say?" "Anything. There is no need to resort to what I fear you have in mind. Please, will you just talk to me?" I sighed deeply. "We passed the time to talk long ago, Ranger-child." He flinched at the old name and flushed a little. "No. It is never too late for talk." "It is. It was too late in the exact moment when Boromir sided with me against you over that ridiculous soap and you lost your temper with him," I said. "He lost his temper with me first!" I fought back a laugh. Such a boyish outcry. Aragorn flushed anew, plainly noting his childish words. "Indeed he did." I tried to avoid sounding indulgent, but I fear I failed. "He should not have interfered," he grumbled. "It was none of his concern." "True enough. But that does not excuse the fact that you did lose your temper, and you were in a position of power. And like Frodo today, you abused that power, did you not?" Another little jab of humiliation. He felt it, and he glared at me and pressed his lips together in a gesture of defiance, still struggling to control the situation, refusing to believe that his fate had already been decided. "He gave me no choice. He refused to let the matter go." "There is always a choice, but you gave up your power when you gave into your temper. You knew that at once. You have anguished over it since. You know it now." "Aye," he muttered, his voice hollow. He dropped his gaze. "True. I abused my power. I . . . I have suffered for it, Legolas." "I know." He glanced up, a stricken, beseeching look in his eyes. "Leave me to it, then." "Estel," I murmured tenderly. "I cannot." "Please. I shall deal with it as I must. I shall conquer it. I swear to you, I shall!" "How?" I asked. "By closing yourself in with your darkness and letting it ravage you until there is little left of my treasured Ranger-child? You forget, young one, I know something of that self-imposed solitude. And you have never permitted me to remain locked in that prison for long." "This is different," he insisted. "You close yourself off in defiance. My purpose is a noble one. When I have atoned enough--" "You shall never atone enough, Estel. You have always been too merciless with yourself. You are slipping further away each day. I shall not allow this to continue. Already I have tarried too long." He fumed at me for a moment, then, all at once, a hint of the boy within, small and miserable and lost, flashed in his eyes. He lowered his head again and shook it slightly, as if to clear it, his mind plainly racing, forming a defense, any defense. Looking up again, he suddenly said, "I shall apologize to Pippin. I shall make amends with him, somehow get him to understand--" "Pippin does not need your apology, although you shall indeed make amends with him. But his concern, the concern of all right now, is for you and your anguish. All that little one needs is Aragorn, the Ranger he knows and loves, back amongst us. But you cannot find that