Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own these characters. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended. Attention Deserved by Larrkin I found myself wandering again, going nowhere in particular, just following one of Rivendell's many pathways through the golden woods, past the streams, alongside the falls, answering the need to keep moving my muscles and hoping to perhaps distract my mind. A flawed strategy to say the least. My thoughts followed me, nagging even louder in my solitude. This feeling that I knew him had become consuming. His image danced on the edges of my thoughts. And now, last night, he'd invaded my dreams as well. Aragorn, son of Arathorn. Isildur's Heir, Lord of the Dúnedain, Heir to the throne of Gondor, and unyielding lodger in my mind and soul. I know the history of my people well. I grew up surrounded by tales of Gondor's glory, and of the splendid years of peace and plenty, of the legends and magnificent battles and victories, of the valiant line of kings and the lore connected with this man. And indeed, he was "no mere Ranger," as Legolas had condescendingly proclaimed. Insolent elf. Speaking out against me like that in front of the entire council of nobles. Correcting me as though I were a callow youth in need of instruction. Had I not been shocked to silence by his statement I'd have returned his discourtesy in kind. I may yet seek him out in private to address the issue of good manners. I haven't decided if he's worth the trouble. But clearly he and the Ranger are old friends and the pretty elfling prince respects Aragorn since he readily accepted the man's authority. But would I? Hm. I paused, finding myself in a secluded glade, far away now from the graceful elvish buildings glittering in the distance, but still well within the borders of Rivendell's domain. Perhaps here, away from the eternal tranquility of that otherworldly settlement, I could center myself once more and find my comforting warrior's discipline. Sitting on a large outcropping of rock, I forced my mind to Gondor. I thought of Faramir and my father, of my loyal company of warriors, of the crisis pressing down upon our city from the east. Staggering pressures threatened our people . . . and yet, seconds later, I realized that, to my frustration, the wretched man had once again overrun even my most grave thoughts of home. I shot up with a snarl and began to pace. Perhaps the enchantment of these elvish lands had somehow damaged my mind . . . no. No, how ridiculous and impossible. Still, I was definitely not in control of myself, an awareness that sent a shiver up my spine. And again his rugged face haunted me, his clear eyes, his strangely wise and patient gaze. Where had I seen Aragorn? Where? I knew that gaze. I did! This was maddening! And it was getting worse. Every day since the council this feeling that I'd seen the man, or served with him, or known him had grown more profound. The simplest solution would have been to simply ask Aragorn how we knew each other, or if indeed we ever had. But, no . . . no we had. I was sure of it. He knew we had. I may not possess Faramir's second sight or enjoy my father's ability to see inside men's' hearts, but I knew without a doubt that Aragorn looked at me with a familiar air. He knew the answer to this vexing riddle. I could end my perplexity. I could ask. But . . . no. I cared not to do such a thing. I could not say why. I just chose not to. I didn't need his aid. I would solve this myself. I'd remember by myself. Meanwhile my temperament was suffering. This very morning I had snarled at the youngest halfling about his persistent chatter. I immediately regretted my impatience, for in truth I enjoy these little ones with their merry hearts and laughing ways and trusting, childlike gazes. I felt badly when I saw hurt cloud Pippin's wide eyes before he pivoted and stalked off. But I felt even worse when I glanced further away and saw Aragorn watching me with a look of dark disdain, having clearly heard and seen all. A hot wash of guilt had flooded me, making my face burn. Not one of my finer moments. Blast the man! Why did he haunt me? How dare he presume upon the privacy of my thoughts! And his presumption did not end there. He had taken to issuing me orders as though I were an underling. I! A seasoned warrior, Captain of the White Tower, a leader of men and heir to my noble father the Steward of Gondor! Aye, that wretched elf was right – I did owe Aragorn my allegiance. But did that include taking orders from him when he was not yet my king? It was a cloudy issue for me. I could consult Gandalf about it, but . . . no. No, again, I cared not to do such a thing. Again, I just chose not to. And, again, I didn't know why. I would conquer this. I had readily joined Aragorn in volunteering to escort Frodo on his quest, so I'd chosen the further company of the man. I would be in his presence every day and every night, and I would conquer this! The quest also gave me the chance to speak with the winsome hobbit about the Ring and how it might be used more wisely. Destroy it? The sheer senselessness of such an act seemed unthinkable. And to place it in the hands of this little one! I am fond of Frodo, sweet-faced charmer that he is, but to see him made Ringbearer? Frodo Baggins, hobbit of the Shire, so naïve, so like a boy, untrained in warfare and unschooled in the ways of the mighty and the sovereign, and yet entrusted with a power so great that it could destroy the enemies of Gondor and secure freedom from tyranny for the peoples of Middle Earth . . . if wielded by the right holder. Now how great a folly was this? I alone harbored inner objections, though. For all his exalted ancestry, Aragorn displayed the same ignorance that infested the other members of the council. None seemed willing to use the power right at our fingertips. Gandalf, in true wizard's fashion, bespoke his position admirably, moving even the stalwart dwarves to silence with his fearsome display of the Black Speech, my fellow noblemen shrinking like frightened schoolboys. And that arrogant elfling prince may indeed be a fine warrior, but he is of little use to my cause. He wholly submits to Aragorn's will in this matter, and the Ranger is resolute. But, I sense in Aragorn an overall hesitancy to fully accept that command which is rightfully his. It seems beyond reason. However, if he is indeed uncertain about himself or his direction it could prove useful. I am no diplomat, but I am the only one at hand to bespeak Gondor's need and to champion a higher cause for the Ring. I have never shirked any duty, nor hesitated to do what I must to achieve my goal. Aragorn may yet listen to reason. I can only try. And if he will not, the little one might. I pondered my course for some time in that secluded glade, struggling to remember the various means of diplomacy my tutors had tried to drill into my warrior's head, and striving to avoid despairing overmuch that I remembered little of it. And, of course, the constant resurgence of Aragorn's face and form and voice and majestic manner plagued my thoughts. The shadows grew long, and yet I stayed there, reluctant to head back to the settlement. I felt no healthier in mind nor spirit than when I'd struck out seeking relief, and returning when I'd accomplished so little was a disheartening notion. Still, I'd wandered far, and I had to return before nightfall as I had no torch. Stumbling about, lost in Rivendell's hinterland, held no appeal, nor did spending the night curled up in the forest without my cloak. Darkness had indeed fallen before I regained my chamber. I had blundered into only two dead-ends before finding my way through the dense foliage and back to the path. It could have been worse. A fire had been lit in my room and it was warm and comforting, though I did not expect to find much ease there for my troubled heart. Surely this bewitching place had softened my mind. The nagging sense that I knew Aragorn still consumed me. It now seemed that I could even smell the aroma of the man's pipe. "Where have you been?" I spun, my hand on my sword, and there in a shadowed corner I saw him, or rather, I saw the glow of his pipe. Aragorn stood slowly and stepped into the light, looking as though he was waiting for an answer, but would not wait for long. Annoyed that he had succeeded in startling me, I made no reply. He grunted low, as if he'd expected my defiance, then he crossed to the hearth and leaned over the fire, knocking the ashes from his pipe. Placing it on the mantle, he turned to study me again, somber and expectant. Suddenly I could bear it no longer. "I know you!" I blurted out before I could stop myself. Aragorn stared at me for a long moment, clearly astounded, then he smiled softly and, I swear, indulgently. "Aye, little fledgling," he replied. "You do indeed. Although it surprises me that you remember. You were no more than four years of age when I left the service of your grandsire." I froze. 'Little fledgling!' No! It could not be! Fire shot through my body, memories surging up so fast and thick I nearly lost my legs. Only one man had ever called me that, a warrior of great renown and honor who had served Gondor when I was a child. A warrior so beloved of my grandsire that he made my own father jealous and anxious for his position of ascension. A man I had nearly worshipped for his valor and had vowed to emulate, and a man who had been good to me, who never seemed to mind me trailing at his feet or climbing into his lap – a man who had cared for me, a man I'd loved. "Thorongil," I breathed. He smiled again. "Aye, Boromir. Your memory serves you well." XXXXXXXXXX Of course he looked stunned. It shocked me that he remembered me at all, much less the assumed name I had taken so long ago. He had been so small when I left The White City. Memories of him raced through my head and filled my heart: his sturdy little boy's body and his wide bright eyes, his quick, eager mind, his stubbornness and determination to master something new, his willingness to accept obedience to the warrior's code of discipline, although this last was often learned from his position stretched over my knee. After serving Boromir's grandsire, Ecthelion, for some time it had became difficult for me to remain in Minas Tirith, not only because my destiny called me away, I knew not where, but because Denethor's growing distrust and resentment made it impossible for me to remain. Boromir himself played a small role in his father's swelling rivalry with me, the child's adoration of the valiant Thorongil being obvious even to the casual observer. A bittersweet scene flashed through my mind, my last sight of Boromir as I rode from Minas Tirith . . . a child's high, sweet voice, raw with tears, calling after me. I would