Beta appreciation notes for original: Kat and Shot – thanks m'dears. Beta appreciation notes for rewrite: Kat and Derby – thanks my precious, ever patient team. Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own these characters. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended. Out of the Past by Larrkin Prologue At 'three' Strider threw back his cloak and sat up, shooting a look across the fire at the three of us. I squished my eyes shut tight and spooned up closer to Frodo and didn't move a muscle, but a moment later I just had to peek at what Strider was doing. He was watching us with this grin he gets, the one Mister Frodo calls his 'smoldering grin.' "Next time he does that, Sam, watch out. He sometimes gets that smoldering grin right before he flies into action, and I can tell you from experience, you don't want to be on the receiving end of that action." Nope, I sure didn't. So when Strider slowly got up I groaned inside and hoped I wasn't going to be the next one to try out that salve he'd made today. He walked real slow around the fire and squatted down next to Merry and Pippin. I probably should've kept my eyes shut in case he looked over at me, but I just couldn't keep from watching. Turned out that all he did was talk, just a short something whispered in Merry's ear, then Pippin's. They didn't move, which was good, because it meant he wasn't all that upset, not so much as to take them off somewheres for a more hands-on warning. Then Strider glanced at me and I squished my eyes shut again and didn't open them, even when I heard him heading my way and then crouching down over me. He moved right up close, his lips practically touching my ear and his hair tickling my cheek. "Young hobbits who are too curious about matters that do not concern them could very well find themselves having trouble sitting," he murmured. "Consider this my first and last warning, Sam. Let this go, or I promise you a very sore bottom." He moved off and I let go that breath I'd been holding. And then, much to my surprise, I heard my Frodo whisper, "Best listen to him, Sam. Aragorn does not make idle threats." "Aye, Mister Frodo. I will." And I did. And I drew him closer and snuggled my face against his hair and went back to sleep. XXXXXXXXXX Sam was quiet after a few minutes, his body relaxing against me, his somewhat desperate grip easing. Not that I could blame him for his anxiousness. Aragorn had sounded quite specific in his warning, and my Sam is wise enough to know when not to test a Ranger's resolve. So, with his usual common sense, Sam simply went to sleep. I lay for some time, drowsy, enjoying the feel of Sam's warm, steady breath on my hair. I felt Aragorn was probably still watching us, but I still had to crack my eyes open to see what he was doing. I was glad I did. He was, blessedly, sleeping. He'd been right earlier, that a body lays more heavily in true slumber. Aragorn asleep was fascinating, all that power lying dormant, instantly accessible, but, for now, in this moment, at rest. I watched, enjoying the rare and honest silence emanating from him, the vulnerability, and I realized that I'd never seen Aragorn like this before. I'd seen him sleeping once or twice, but curled up and wrapped in his cloak. This time he must've dozed off while watching us, for he now faced the fire, and the warm, reddish glow caressed his serene features. I couldn't help gazing at how ruggedly beautiful he was, how defenseless. It felt like a moment of remarkable intimacy, and yet, I also felt a bit intrusive watching him when he was so exposed and unprotected, his face suddenly boyish and his mouth slightly open. I felt a shock of fierce protectiveness towards him, a surge so intense it brought tears to my eyes. I thought about his pain, that which he would not allow me to share earlier, and the fierceness in my heart grew. This man was a protector to us all, even a stalwart Captain of Gondor and an elven warrior Prince. But who protected him? Who did the leader turn to for consolation? Where was his resting-place? He provided that place of comfort for all of us, disciplining us when we became lost to ourselves, never questioning why we needed it or sought it with our behavior, never judging us because we needed it from him. But where was his repose? Where did he go to soothe his spirit? A heavy, dark pain filled my chest and moved up to tighten my throat. And as I gazed at Aragorn, tranquil in his slumber, I resolved to take whatever steps I must in order to help him. Legolas would be a good person to talk to about how to ease Aragorn's suffering. There was discord now between them, but I sensed from what I had seen that the problem lay with Aragorn, that both Legolas and Boromir had been trying to reconcile with him, and Aragorn had been refusing. Legolas had known Aragorn the longest, so perhaps he knew of some way to reach him, some way in which I could help, and I finally drifted off with hopes that we could find some way to ease Aragorn's despair. XXXXXXXXXX I had been sitting on the lowest branch of the large oak when I heard Boromir approach, his long, solid stride unmistakable. I watched him stroll past the edge of the tree line and come to a halt before saying, "Up here." He flinched and looked up and I jumped down, laughing. " How old are you in elf-years?" he asked, not nearly as annoyed as he sounded. "Older than you are in human ones," I replied. Boromir made a 'humph'-like sound and stepped over to where the hill dropped sharply away, a vista of the landscape below visible for miles. The moon was bright and cast a silvery sheen over Middle Earth's quiet terrain. I sat and leaned back against the oak and said, "All is calm tonight. A small pack of wolves hunts along the edge of that far mountain, but even if they ran all night they could not reach us. Besides, they are heading in the opposite direction. A stand of red deer in the next valley draws their interest and their hunger." He turned to me, amazed. "You can see that much from this distance?" "Nay." I smiled. "I am making up a story to entertain you." He 'tsked' and released a short laugh, then headed over to sit near me. Leaning back against a log, he muttered, "Ridiculous elf." I watched him for a moment, then said, "Can you not sleep, little brother?" He shook his head and picked up a twig and began digging at it with his thumb. "Aragorn and Frodo were talking, very softly of course. But I kept hearing the low hum of Aragorn's voice and . . . my mind would not quiet." He looked at me suddenly. "Is it alright that I came out to join you?" "Of course!" I said, grinning to calm his fears. "Then I shall go a step further and ask something of you." He crossed his legs and leaned forward, his eyes suddenly alight. "If I promise not to laugh too loudly, will you tell me of the time you knocked Aragorn flat after he'd spanked you?" I chuckled at his boyish excitement and his promise not to laugh too loudly. And then I thought 'twould do him no harm to have something to laugh at, something to lighten his heart that had grown so heavy with concern for Aragorn. "Very well," I said, "if you will sit quietly and not interrupt and rest while I tell it." Boromir's eyes sparkled. He settled back against the log, crossed his arms and looked perfectly content to be entertained. "I shall overlook your insulting conditions. I'll even refrain from reminding you that I am neither a child nor an impulsive Tookish hobbit that you should speak to me so." I laughed. "Such restraint! Imagine my relief." "And I shall abide by your wishes and listen quietly." "Ah, wise youth." "But only if I am given a nice, long recounting with plenty of details." "Stating conditions?" I 'tsked.' "Perhaps not so wise after all." Boromir blushed and looked so sheepish that I smiled and gazed at him fondly for a moment, then I looked off and narrowed my eyes, casting back in my mind to an event and a time that Aragorn and I would always remember for several singular reasons. I thought of where to begin, then: "This took place about fifty years ago --" Boromir huffed a short gasp. I grinned at his stunned expression. Though he knew of Aragorn's true age and the longevity of the Dúnedain, hearing it spoken of so casually had to be astonishing. I pressed on: "It was during the years that Aragorn and I were living with the Rangers of the North – Aragorn's troop, the Grey Company. On a routine stop in Lorien we were asked to escort one of my kinsman, Gwinthorian, back to my father's realm of Mirkwood. As it so happened, Aragorn had been planning to take a small scouting party, about half the troop – a dozen Rangers – in that very direction. And so we began our journey to Mirkwood with our elvish guest. "Gwin and I had been friends in our youth, and we were still close, in a manner of speaking. He had ever held a special place in my heart. But we had drifted apart for many years, and during those years great changes had taken place in my life. In fact, Gwin and I had seen little of each other since Aragorn had been born and spent his days growing up in Imladris. "So Gwin and I were together again after a very long absence from each other, a delightful surprise for us both. And although he quickly understood about the intimate relationship Aragorn and I now shared, he did not know about the discipline aspect of it. "Late one afternoon, we encountered a small group of dwarves out on a mission of trade. They stayed and talked with Aragorn and his men for a while, but when the Rangers decided to make camp for the night and invited the dwarves to join us, they choose to journey on even though the sun hung low in the sky. "Gwin, who shared my natural elvish suspicion and dislike of dwarves, muttered to me that they simply did not wish to make camp with a pack of Rangers who moved in the company of two elves . . . ." XXXXXXXXXX "Legolas," Gwin murmured. "I have a brilliant idea." I glanced quickly at Aragorn, who was speaking to Halbarad on the other side of the camp, then I cast my eager kinsman a frown. Gwinthorian was a mere several hundred years younger than I was. We had enjoyed some splendidly wicked times when we were elflings. But Gwin's brilliant ideas had often turned out disastrously and sometimes even ended up with me upended over Ada's lap. " I fear Gwinthorian is a bad influence on you, my son," my father used to say just before spanking the naughtiness out of me. I was oft tempted to respond that perhaps it was I who was a bad influence on Gwinthorian. But, of course, it was not so, for Gwin was ever ripe with mischievous ideas, and I was usually too excited by the waywardness of