Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own these characters. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended. Patience by Larrkin I love to take him when he is freshly spanked. I love the feel of his bottom, the skin so hot and smooth and tight, sometimes even shiny if he has been especially naughty, or needing a great deal of attention and had therefore been in need of a long spanking. I sometimes begin as I am now, taking him back over my knee, enjoying the sight of him there, well-spanked and all mine. "Shhh," I tell him, understanding his soft whimpers. "Shhhhhhhhhhh . . . behave." And then I touch him, cup one cheek, then the other, back and forth, just cupping, feeling the heat in my hand, perhaps moving the hot flesh a little, a gentle squeeze and then he knows, just from the feel of my palm, he knows there will be no more spanking. Sometimes his first purr comes then: "Mmmmm . . . . mmmmmm . . . ." I chuckle softly. Ahh, indeed, a purr of contentment, of excitement, as though he cannot quite manage the rest of the word – "Mmmmmmmm . . . mmmmmorrre." Not that he has to ask. I stroke and pet and smooth my hand along his silky, red bottom flesh until we can tolerate no more of it, until he cannot hold still and he begins to move, that sweet, slow grind into my lap. Oh, something is indeed happening between us, and I feel that large and hungry something pressing insistently upon my thighs. Time to tease a little: "Would you like something else, little one?" A nod. A whimper. So obedient. "mmmmmmm." "Perhaps something . . . mmmmore?" A gasp this time, low and throaty. I grin. "Mmmm. So I thought." I shift his position, handling him carefully. " I love the way you move me, touch me," he once told me afterwards. " You lay me down with such care, and I feel . . . I feel . . . ." "As though you have no bones?" He nodded. " You handle me like . . .." "Like a fine treasure." I smiled at his blush. " Because you are one, sweetling." More blushing. "And I feel . . . owned." " Mmm. As indeed you are." I needed then only flash him a quiet smile, authoritative and fervent, and he shivered deliciously. And so now I settle him down, on the bed, or on the grass, or on the soft and fragrant forest floor, one of our cloaks beneath us. I intend to take him on his back tonight, for I love to gaze into his eyes when I enter him and move inside him. But, at present, I place him on his stomach, eager to enjoy the sight of his sweet bottom a bit longer, to relish the results of my spanking. Luscious deep red . . . . "Mmmmmmm." I smile. Lovely sight. I cannot keep from touching. It beckons my palm. And I generously share the sight with him. "Such a pretty red bottom, little one." Squirming again. Nothing more. Only sweet squirming. A just response. I smile, and I caress him again, patting his hot cheeks simply to see him wriggle and hammer his toes down and to hear him moan. Makes me grin. But he knows that there will be no more spanking, so he can lay nicely and protest with little useless gestures that delight us both. I chuckle low in my throat and he turns and flashes an impish pout over his shoulder and we revel in our playfulness for a while. Now I stop touching him to see what he will do with that separation. He endures it but a little before he reaches around and finds my hand and brings it back to his bottom. Well, such impertinence deserves but one response, and I answer him with what I am certain he knows he has requested. A sharp spank, even the small one I give him now, upon such a red backside is enough to make him flinch and yelp. "Stop that at once," I tell him. "Any further display of such forwardness and I shall escort you back to camp." He is satisfied with my control then and he shudders and over-obeys by drawing his arms close to his body, bringing his fists up to rest on either side of his head. Ohh, how I long to take him instantly! He is that enchanting. Instead I gather him up, his body still limp and supple, and I settle him across my lap, facing me, and I tell him how beautiful he is, how charming – such squeamish terms for a warrior! He blushes furiously but his shy grin wins out, my words tingling beneath his skin. I lean down and kiss him, my lips moving over his with the boldness of ownership. He loves kissing. So do I. We do it often. His mouth is delicious. That truly is the only way to describe it. Delicious. All of him is delicious. But our kissing alone can take hold too quickly. That needful panic will surge within me and then I must take him at once, devour all of him at once. He is, of course, helpless to do anything but respond in kind. Our urgency will swell out of control and then we must hurry, frantic with need, and we finish far too soon. He knows this, but he cannot be bothered to consider such things. I must be the one who slows things down if I want this to last. I do not always want it to last. Sometimes I permit that first mating to be fast and frantic, bursting over us. But tonight I have decided to take him slowly this first time. So I begin by kissing him sweetly, teasing his lips, rubbing mine back and forth over his, our breath blending, his short warm huffs entering me. My tongue then penetrates his mouth to find his, caressing it, tasting it, urging it into action – exactly what he is longing for. How overly eager he is! His warm and wet and hungry mouth becomes more and more demanding. I pull back, lift him and give him a sharp little swat. Another yelp. "Again you are too forward, my impertinent bratling. Behave. I shall not tell you another time." Once more he flashes me that pretty pout, his eyes glittering with mischievous lights. Oh, he knew quite well what he was doing. This naughtiness needs answering, of course, so I reach down, my hand gliding lower and lower over his quivering stomach, gaining his instant attention and reminding him of his place. It matters not that I am rewarding him for his misbehavior. It is the game we love, the silent agreement. He quivers, bravely watching me slide his shirt to his chest, baring him to my view. He shudders at my first touch, and I grin and feather my fingers along the length of him. He is achingly ready, poor youngling. He will be unable to bear much of this. "Mmmmmm," he hums, squirming, impatient. He wants more, of course, but he is unwilling to risk displaying further impertinence. It could earn him a longer wait or more spanking or, worse, a trip back to camp. I do make him wait, but not overly long. He is behaving to the best of his ability, and that deserves rewarding. So I close his thickness in my hand and I hold him, just hold him firmly, without movement. He groans, huffing small ragged breaths. I smile even though he has closed his eyes. "Look at me. You know I must see your eyes." And those beautiful eyes pop open, earning him yet more favor. I squeeze him and stroke him, a languid up and down stroke, his firm skin warm and pliable, and he groans and quivers anew. "My poor little one," I whisper, brushing my lips over his, breathing my words into his panting mouth. "How eager we are." And he is, sometimes so much so that he cannot respond, other than to whimper yet again. I smile, and he notices, and he cannot help returning a resentful little grin. "Please . . . please, I-I . . . ." "Hush," I tell him. "You know how I love to play with you. And when your sweet backside is hot and tender . . . ." I release him and lift him a bit and caress his hot bottom. "Mmmmmm." "Mmmmmmm." But impatience is winning within me as well. The ache between my legs is throbbing. I raise him and lean down and take his mouth again, drinking him in with little luscious kisses and licks, making us wait and quiver together, testing his endurance, and mine . . . mmm, sweet torment! "How beautifully you are behaving," I murmur into his gasping mouth. "I-I-I am trying so hard, s-so, sooo hard! Please, please, please," he whispers. "Oh, p-please!" "Please what, sweetling?" "Pleeease, I-I-I cannot . . . ohhh, please, pleeease take me." I chuckle and draw back and smile softly down at him. A damp sheen of arousal glistens on his skin, such delicious abandon. "Very well," I tell him. "You have been good. And I am hungry to taste you, little one, and to mate with you." He throbs in my hand and I pump him lightly and raise a brow. "But what must you do, or rather, what must you not do, sweetling?" "I-I-I must not s-spend until you give me p-permission." I gasp. How I voice that is beyond me. How I plan to achieve it seems impossible. He already has my whole body shaking, and if he uses his mouth on me, if he takes me into that warm wet mouth and begins to lick and suckle . . . I have likely just made an impossible promise. But . . . I have not promised! I answered him, but I made no promise! Ahh, then I would spend when I liked and worry about the consequences of releasing without permission later! I catch my breath, merely thinking of it. He smiles now, so impossibly beautiful. "Such naughty thoughts are reflected in your eyes, sweetling." Oh no. "You shall promise me now, little one. You will not spend without permission. Nay, shh, shh, shh! Do not groan so. A promise will protect you from the naughtiness you were contemplating." He chuckles softly. "My poor bratling. Alas, you wear your thoughts too openly after a spanking. Therefore, promise me. Now." He kisses me deeply and thoroughly and my mind liquefies. "Promise me, pretty one, or we shall return to camp at once." "I promise!" He again raises a meaningful brow, and I wince and re-word it as he silently demands: "I promise not to spend without permission." "Very good." Now he kisses me once more and tells me to stop pouting even though I am adorable when I pout. Adorable. Me. I blush yet again, utterly unable to stop it. At last he slides me from his lap, lowering me to the cloak and he slips out from under me. My impatient heart hammers, but he moves with his exasperating slow grace. I once accused him of being less interested in this than I was. He never seemed as eager. How could he be interested and still exercise such control? He gave me the most incredulous look, then he burst into gales of laughter. " Forgive me!" he finally managed to sputter. " But, oh! That was too humorous! Not as eager?" And he broke up again and swatted me for my impudence. " Sweetling, such utter nonsense!" He is more disciplined, not less eager. It amazes me.