Notes of appreciation notes for my astounding team: Kat – thanks for your incredible "waffly" reviews, for your enthusiasm and encouragement, and for being such a constant light. Bella – thanks for making me smile with the lovely nagging and the ever-Tookish excitement. And a hearty welcome to my newest team member, Derby – thanks for offering your expertise, your time and your energy and for always being so supportive. Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own these characters. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended. Special dedication – To my Gentle Reader, Jenna, who has waited with extraordinary patience for a story about her beloved Took. Ere The Final March Chapter VI – part II A Simple Request by Larrkin "Oh, nooo!" I cried. "Oh, yes. A broken leg, young Took," Old Rory Brandybuck repeated in an impatient tone. "But,but,but --!" "But what?" he asked. His bushy white eyebrows knit together to form that great eagle-eyed glare for which he was deservedly famous. He stood next to Merry at the end of my bed, watching me with that look, no doubt knowing he was unnerving me. "Just what did you think had happened?" Merry's granda went on. "You fell out of a tree you shouldn't have been climbing, one of the forbidden trees, and you broke your fool leg." "But, but --" Granda crossed his thick arms over his wide chest. "That's why we set down rules, Sprout. You know you can't go climbing a tree perched that close to the Old Forest without chancing a bad ending." "But --" "And a bad ending you came to. Your family likely heard your screams down in the Great Smials. The Green Hills of Took-land are likely echoing your cries." If Granda was trying to cheer me up a bit he was failing miserably. I could feel tears threatening, pressing behind my eyes and tightening in my throat. And I couldn't hold back a shudder at the memory of that blinding wrench of pain when I'd hit the ground like a sack of meal. Merry's face had been a mask of horror as he ran to me, my bellows filling the air, sending the birds scattering and shrieking from the trees. Uncles and da's and male hobbit relations had come streaming from Brandy Hall, out into the cold, racing across the long distance of the Great Lawn now crusty with frost. Mums and aunts and sisters and even the little nippers crowded out round doors, craning their necks, trying to see the goings on. And there I lay, sprawled out 'neath Grandfather Oak, the oldest and hugest tree on the grounds. No attack by wandering brigands or horrible orcs. Just Peregrin Took shaking hands with disaster again. I'd known climbing that tree was forbidden. But some of the older cousins had been saying that if you went high enough up into the branches of Grandfather Oak you could see right over the High Hay, the wide tall hedge separating Buckland from the Old Forest. They said that from such a height wondrous strange things could be seen off in the east where few sensible hobbits ventured. "Wondrous strange things?" I'd said to Merry as he'd dragged me away from where we'd halted to listen. "Stop right there," he said. "Don't even think of it, Pip. Grandfather Oak is likely to shake you right out of his branches. You'd fall and bust open your foolish head. I won't hear of it, understand?" I scowled at him. Merry had been getting more and more dictatorial of late. I'd been humoring him, but it did rankle me. After all, Merry was only eight years older than I was and still a tween like me. He was at the height of his tweendom! So his occasional far-too-sensible attitude astonished me. Depending on my mood and how important something was to me, I'd stand up and demand my rights. Merry's response to my eagerness to climb Grandfather Oak was akin to what he usually did – he crossed his arms over his chest and listened with a stern frown, then displayed his famous stubbornness: " Finished?" At my nod, he added: " I said no. And I mean it, Pippin. En. Oh. NO." It made me furious when he did that! But, oddly, his bossiness also stirred my tummy in that delicious way that only Merry could. And any time he'd taken to ordering me about a sharp inner voice always warned me against asking him what I felt was a perfectly valid question – 'Or you'll do what exactly?' No. No, no, nope; I wasn't comfortable asking him that. And, again, I couldn't quite say why. This matter, however, was easily gotten 'round. I'd just trundle out here by myself some time and clamber up Grandfather Oak. How I'd love to share a tale of the wonders I'd seen from the tree's high branches! I had to look. I just had to look! Merry would understand. He would. My opportunity came when Merry headed into the Hall for more pipeweed. And when I wasn't sitting under our favorite tree where he had left me waiting for him, Merry knew just where to run to when he heard my screams. " Oh, Pip!" Merry had gasped under his breath, collapsing to his knees beside me. " I'm sorry, Merry!" I'd gasped. " I-I had to look! I just had to look!" And then I'd burst into tears, and Merry put his arms around me and gathered me to him, saying, " Shh, shhh, there now, steady, Pip, steady. I've got you. Put your arms 'round my shoulders, sweetheart." And he'd started to lift me when his da had thundered up, the first adult to reach us. Uncle Saradoc was built bigger than my Merry and he could move me without jarring me. Merry shot him a look of relief when his father knelt next to us. " Oh, da!" he'd breathed. " There now, son," he'd said to Merry in a voice full of quiet calm. " Give him to your ol' da, now. Up we go, Pip my lad. Hold on." Saradoc hoisted me up in his arms, and I'd grabbed my uncle's shoulders and cried out for Merry and then everything went black. The next thing I knew I was in a little bed in the scarcely used Sick Room, my poor leg set within cloth-padded wooden braces lashed together with strong strips of leather. Aunt Rosamunda had been at me with her healer's arts. Now more fussing aunts appeared, taking the savage edge off the pain by pouring a healthy dose of Old Winyard mixed with some nasty potion called Achy Joint Remedy down my throat. Refusal was not an option. I'd felt that tonic hit me like a smithy's hammer, every tense muscle in my body melting, a warm rush blanketing me with a heavy 'whoosh!' The room had spun for a while, but when I was able to focus, there were usually gawking family members peering in the door. After a while, when they'd all had a good look and left with plenty to gossip about, I lay there with only Old Rory and Merry in attendance. My leg still ruddy hurt, but it was more a dull ache now that they'd settled on a proper dosage of remedy to help ease the pain without knocking me silly. I gazed at my wounded limb, horrified by what I'd done to myself. A broken leg. I'd never known anyone who'd broken anything. Hobbits don't break easily, so this was noteworthy. No doubt in the future my momentous achievement would become an event by which to mark time: " This happened in the weeks before the Yuledays season when young Peregrin Took, being a freshly turned and fulla nonsense tween, and you know what they're like, climbed up Grandfather Oak and promptly fell and broke his leg." Making history at the tender age of twenty. I was well on my way to an infamous reputation. "Well, Pippin, I'm sorry you came to this." Rory glanced at Merry and said, "You see, lad? There's a reason for the old saying, 'Ware the tween!'" "Yes, Granda," Merry sadly muttered. "I know – you're a tween, too, and just as full of trouble." "Well --" "But you've got a good head on your shoulders when it comes to avoiding real danger, Merry. You're careful and you plan your mischief well. And there's no use giving me that surprised look. I know more'un you think I do. You're my grandson and a Brandybuck and that means plenty of mischief, but carefully planned." Rory turned to me with a nod. "But this wee Took has no such natural caution. Never did, doesn't now. He's likely to give all of us fits 'fore he comes of age – that's assuming he even reaches thirty-three." "Granda!" Merry frowned at Old Rory. "Good thing you're eight years older and ages wiser than Sprout here. Lucky for Pip you've spoken for him, lad." "I'm the lucky one," Merry muttered, turning back to me. Merry's comment was sweet, but I'd never had much tolerance for being talked over like that. My temper was not at its best, and that nickname, slapped upon me when I was all of three years old and much smaller than the others my age, was now flat out annoying. "I can hear you, you know!" I snapped. "Just so!" Old Rory rumbled back, fixing his sharp gaze upon me. "But there's hearing and there's listening, Peregrin. Let's see you practice the right one." I had no idea what to make of that. No matter. Granda liked to spout platitudes and I liked to ignore them. I fumed, shifting my gaze to the window. "A broken limb doesn't answer to a pout, lad, so pull in that sullen lip. The deed is done and there's an end to it." I sighed and closed my eyes. Good thing Granda was so testily lovable, otherwise we Took and Brandybuck cousins would have taken real exception to him. "Mmmm." I heard him hum. "Well, you'll have plenty of time to mull things over. Until you mend you'll be stuck here in the Sick Room." My eyes popped open. "Oh, no!" I wailed. "I dunna want to be stuck in here! Not with Yuledays three weeks off!" "No help for it," Granda replied with a shrug. "Oh, you'll no doubt be allowed as far as the Hall, but that's about it." "But, but Frodo's coming soon! And Merry and I were going to go out for pine boughs and holly with the cousins! And this year I was going to get to go into the Old Forest for mistletoe, too! They invited Merry and me to go!" I glanced at Merry, knowing he was remembering yesterday when we'd been sitting in the Hall with the older lads, smoking and talking about their annual trip into the Buckland woods for pine and holly and the glossy Yuletide Ivy to decorate the Hall. Merry and I had gone with them last year and had a grand time. They'd also started planning their more risky trip into the Old Forest where the mistletoe thrived. One never knew what to expect in the ancient Old Forest. Strange goings-on had often been reported, and none were fool enough to venture in alone. The cousins always had at least eight to ten in their party for their yearly forage. Suddenly they surprised both Merry and me by turning to him and inviting him along. I saw Merry's eyes light up, but then he'd glanced at me. I'd quickly grinned my finest, 'I'm happy for you' grin, but Merry knows me too well. He'd tilted his head a bit to one side and studied me with a knowing half-smile and said