Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own these characters. This story is not meant to violate the rights held by New Line, Tolkien Enterprises, nor any other licensee, nor is any disrespect intended. Two Wayward Hobbits by Larrkin "But I didn't mean to do it!" Pippin exclaimed. "That's not good enough, Pip," Merry said, still hopping mad. "You had to do it anyway, didn't you? Just had to." "But I dinna think your sword would go sailing over the cliff! I-I dinna mean to do it at all! I didn't! It was just, I don't know, a reflex!" "A reflex." Merry scowled at him, openly skeptical. "It was! It was an accident!" " Another accident?" Boromir fired Pippin a dark frown. He glanced back at Aragorn who stood directly behind him, both of them hanging onto the rope that had Legolas dangling on the other end. "This will need answering," he growled to the calm and stoic Ranger. Aragorn said nothing. Sam and I stood alongside Merry, watching as the two men lowered Legolas down the side of the cliff, to the small ledge where Merry's sword had landed, stuck between some rocks. Pip wandered back and forth, nervously picking at the hem of his shirt. He still gripped his sword, unmindfully giving it intermittent and angry little shakes, as if trying to jostle loose its disobedience. Pippin, alas, had learned a new trick. The day after what Sam, Merry and Pip referred to as the Great Soap Mystery, Boromir decided to reward us after a hard practice session. He'd shown us a fancy sword move, how to swirl our blade around our opponent's blade and fling it into the air. It was a wildly fun but difficult trick and, of course, none of us could do it, except, to his everlasting delight, Pip. He was utterly pleased with himself and he began to show off his newfound talent to an annoying degree. Having Pippin hurl your weapon up and away, and then listening to him giggle with delight whilst you went to retrieve it, got old quickly amongst the rest of us hobbits. Boromir, who seemed aggravated with himself for having started the whole thing, told Pip to, "Cease playing now." And then later, when Pip "forgot," he repeated the request, saying in a firm tone, "I understand it is a fun trick, Pippin, however, it is also dangerous, so you must stop now." The following day, yesterday, Pip started in again, flinging away our weapons in turn every time we switched partners. We'd all become instantly surly with the Took and we were reluctant to spar with him at all. Boromir had issued reminders to Pip after he'd flung Merry's weapon: "No more of that, young hobbit," and then after he'd flung Sam's: "Pippin! Enough!" I think we all marveled at the man's patience, but it could be that Boromir felt he was only reaping what he'd sown by showing Pip the trick in the first place, and he therefore felt obliged to extend an extra measure of tolerance. However, after Pippin then flung Sting, Boromir reached his breaking point. He thundered, "Peregrin Took! Any more of this and I'll tan your backside soundly! You shall attend to serious drilling henceforth." Warnings usually mean little to Pippin. He listens, his green eyes serious and attentive, and he nods earnestly, and then, after what he deems to be a sufficient amount of time passes, he goes back to whatever he's not supposed to be doing. Yesterday, however, Pip took Boromir's warning to heart, something about the sincerity of the threat from this very large and irritated Gondorian Captain apparently striking a chord within him. He swallowed hard and he behaved during the rest of our practice, so when we made camp tonight I decided to ask him to spar with me a little before supper, just because I knew he'd like that. We hadn't been going at it for long before Pippin gave into his impulse and flung Sting into the air. As Boromir had rightly stated, this was a dangerous thing to keep doing, since one could never predict where the flung sword would fall, or how. This time, Sting flew far into the air in an astonishingly erratic manner, and it came down point first, nailing the long tail of Aragorn's surcoat to a mound of soft dirt. Those who witnessed it gasped and cried out, drawing the attention of those who had not. Then a somber and collective hush fell. Legolas and Boromir stood frozen and staring, their horrified looks clearly showing what they were envisioning: had it landed just a little closer, Sting would have severely injured Aragorn. Pippin stood in absolute shock, his eyes huge and filled with panic. Everyone paused, stock still, for a swollen moment, stunned with the image of what could have happened. But Aragorn merely reached around and pulled Sting free. He inspected the tip and said, "Ah, no harm done, Frodo. Fine swordmasters, the elves." No one moved. We all simply stared, wordless, astonished at Aragorn's mild response. He rose and strolled over to where Pippin and I stood gaping. Handing me Sting, he said, "Here you go, Frodo." I was too speechless to even manage a muttered 'thank you.' Pippin however, fell apart. "I'm sorry!" he sputtered. "Aragorn, I'm so, so sorry!" He was trembling now, tears forming in his eyes. "I-I-I canna believe it did that! It just-just flew like-like --" "Like it had wings?" Aragorn grinned down at him and tousled his curls with his palm. "Aye, it is an elvish blade, light and fast." "I dinna mean to!" Pip cried. "I dinna mean to!" "Of course you did not," Aragorn said in a soft, understanding tone. "But we never mean for accidents to happen, young sir. So perhaps you should heed what Boromir told you and cease this kind of play lest someone gets hurt." No one had yet moved, everyone too shocked to do anything but watch Aragorn behave in a manner none of us, least of all Pip, expected. Legolas stood impassive and somber and intensely focused while Boromir fumed at his side and stared as if wondering who this man was. Gimli and Gandalf sat a short distance away, rigid-backed and attentive. They'd both pulled their pipes from their mouths and sat holding them, as if they were far too astounded to actually take a puff. As for my fellow hobbits and I, we simply stood there, watching like everyone else, aghast at what had happened and perplexed about what we were now seeing, all of us at a loss. Pippin gazed up at Aragorn, blinked, and let his mouth fall open in startled bewilderment. My cousin is no fool, though. Pip's special little gleam entered his gaze, revealing to all of us who knew him what he'd clearly and instantly realized. Aragorn was not going to reprimand him any further than he had, and as much as that astonished him, Pip was never one to turn away good fortune. He dropped his gaze, shyly, remorsefully, and said in a sweetly sincere tone, "Aye, sir, you are right. I shall indeed watch myself in the future and not be so careless." "See that you do, little one. I think you should sit down by yourself and think on your actions for a time." He nodded towards a grassy area a little ways off. "There is a good spot. Go and contemplate your behavior until I give you leave to rise." I have no doubt that Pip was indeed remorseful and sincere in his apology, and I did not wish to see my cousin in pain, but to get away with something like this, something that was no real accident, but the potentially dangerous result of a flagrantly disobedient act, seemed wrong. Apparently Boromir agreed. "Is that all?" he said, stepping forward when Aragorn turned from Pippin. "Is that all you intend to do? Have him sit down for a time?" Aragorn turned and said, "What do you suggest?" "I suggest making it difficult for him to sit during that time! At the very least!" "You are making too much of this, Boromir. Settle down." "Settle down?" Boromir looked ready to explode. "I told him to stop playing like that! He nearly skewered you, Aragorn!" "Nearly. And I have dealt with it. Let it go." "But --!" "Let it go." Aragorn turned and went back to where he had been sitting alone, and Boromir fired a look of angry frustration at Legolas. The elf said nothing. He can school his features into a beautiful, unreadable mask, that one, and even I cannot tell what he might be thinking. Legolas simply watched Aragorn quietly for a moment, then he nodded to Boromir and tugged his head to one side, beckoning him to follow, and moved away. Boromir huffed again, completely exasperated, then he turned, but as he headed off with Legolas he shot a forbidding look over his shoulder at Pippin. Pip smiled at him innocently. Coming from anyone else, such a response would have seemed taunting or smug, but I knew Pippin meant nothing by it other than to give Boromir a friendly smile, causing me to wonder, as I often did, if my young cousin understood the meaning of discretion. With the exception of Aragorn, any one of us would have gladly done as Boromir had suggested and made it difficult for Pip to sit out his time, but there he stood, wearing a peaceful little expression that all but said, "Well! Whew! That was a close one!" Boromir did not return Pippin's smile. In fact, I'd feared he would turn and charge back and deal with Pippin as he was obviously itching to, regardless of what Aragorn had said. But the matter had died down and everyone had gone back to their business. Merry and I settled near Sam and watched him cook, Pippin obediently sitting off on the grassy patch where he'd been told to go. He'd picked at the tufts of grass, played with a few acorns and looked generally bored until Aragorn deemed his time was up and called that Pip was free to move about now. It had been a strained period of time, no one saying much. After we ate, Boromir, who had been off quietly talking with Legolas for some time, called us to our evening practice. And, of course, Pippin had done it again. 'Accidentally' this time. So now Legolas was coming up over the side of the cliff with Merry's sword in his hand, Gimli clasping his arm and pulling him up the last few feet. Legolas looked as unmussed as ever, but Boromir and Gimli shifted themselves around and glared at Pippin while Legolas gave Merry back his sword. "Thank you," Merry said. "And I'm sorry, Legolas." The elf tilted his glossy head slightly and said with a half-smile, "You have nothing to apologize for, young sir." "I apologize for my cousin's behavior." "You don't need to apologize for me!" Pippin snapped. "Well then perhaps someone should apologize for himself," Gimli growled. All eyes turned to Pippin. He glanced from face to face, looking at first like a worried rabbit cornered by dogs. Then he stiffened his back and straightened his shoulders and I groaned inwardly to see the gleam of defiance in his eye. At this point, I'd have thought Pippin completely bereft of sense but for one thing: I knew how badly he felt about getting away with what he'd done earlier. It was apparent in his detached air and exaggerated flippancy. He was begging for attention. He knew Aragorn could have been injured, and he felt awful for what he'd done, and he didn't understand why the man had let him off so easily. When that kind of mystery gets under one's skin all kinds of odd thoughts occur, and I knew very well that Pippin's most