Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games Trilogy It belongs to Suzanne Collins This Story belongs to me. This is a one shot story of how Peeta dies in my previous story, Written in Stone. To appreciate this story fully, please read Written in Stone first. Thank you! The Dandelion Wilts "Alouette don't forget, you have an interview over the phone when you get back from work." Alouette thunders down the stairs, clutching onto her grey cardigan. Her long brown hair whips through the air as she quickly turns back to look at me, her blue eyes reminding me how old Peeta and I have gotten. Peeta's eyes are now clouded, sunken, and tired. I lean onto the railing, admiring the strength of my daughter to withstand the demands of being the child of the Mockingjay. Every tabloid, every camera, and every gossip talks about her life as though they had any right or say in what she chooses to do. She takes it in stride, something I'm sure the combination of my strength and Peeta's undeniable wisdom granted her. "Yes, Mom." She sighs. "I've got my speech on point. No way to twist it around." "Just make sure to run it by—" I pause suddenly, catching myself because I was about to ask my daughter to ask advice from Haymitch but Haymitch is dead. Long before Alouette was even born. "Just run it by your father when you get back. If he's not too tired." "I got this, Mom. Trust me." She smiles and takes a deep breath. "HECTOR! You're going to make us both late for class! District 2 is thirty minutes away without air traffic! Plus we have to pick up your girlfriend!" "I'm coming!" Hector bellows from his room. He stretches and pushes his arms into the sleeves of his polo. His curls are a mess. I quickly sweep my fingers through them as he passes me, which he immediately messes up again. "Ali, if you'd let me drive the craft, we'd get there faster!" "No way am I letting you drive my craft!" Alouette says, "Besides I think Susie likes it when I have to focus on the air so she could have you all to herself." "We're supposed to share the craft and stop talking about Susie!" Hector says. "Can we go already? District Two is thirty minutes away without air traffic." "Exactly what I said." Alouette rolls her eyes at him. District 2 is now the center for internships. That's where young graduates may choose to spend a few months of years of training for the specific job they want before actually starting to work. Since Johanna won her run for Presidency, she's taken Two into a new level. We have no need for Peacekeepers anymore so she's transformed the facility to a smaller version of Panem to act like a training center. Before Alouette knew what she wanted to be, she was working in Eleven as a secretary. We let her find he own path. When Johanna set up the training centre in Two, she decided to quit and find her path there instead. Hector followed suit soon after he graduated. "Have a good day at work today." I tell them as Hector skips down the stairs. "Say hello to little Finn for me." "Finn is a Senior Supervisor, Mom." Alouette says, "He's not little anymore. Which reminds me, I have to tell you guys something later." "Ok. Well he's little Finn to us because we knew his father." I say instead. "Tell him we say hi. Ask about Aunt Annie as well." "Right." She says and pulls on Hector's jacket and practically drags him out the front door. As the door clicks in place and heave a deep sigh. Peeta had a restless night again. We both did. I try my best to quiet him. Make sure that the kids don't hear through the walls during the night. " He can't help it," Beetee explained. " We might as well remove the device." " But that would mean he would get hallucinations again." I frowned. "It would make him highjacked again. I don't think I can stand that, Beetee, not now. Not with the children." " Every time the machine fires weak and erratic signals into his brain to control the venom, he convulses." I can hear the regret in his voice over the phone. "I'm sorry, Katniss, I thought my creation was perfect." " Is there anything else we can do for him?" I whispered, feeling defeated. "We can't keep bouncing back because of this tracker jacker venom in his system. We've been going back and forth from square one." " It hurts him." Beetee said. "Every seizure, every convulsion. It's very painful." " Are you asking me to choose between Peeta's pain or mine?" I felt tears welling up in my eyes. Because I know. I know. I would always choose Peeta and when I do, it means that I'd lose him. " Katniss, I don't know exactly what will happen once we remove the machine from his brain." He continued. "All I'm sure about is that the machine has reached it's wear and tear capacity and it's imperfection is causing the seizures. I don't know how Peeta will behave once we remove the machine." " Does this mean that there's a chance that he's cured?" I asked. "It's been decades since you placed that in there. Could Peeta have somehow been cured?" " There's a chance." Beetee said. "A slim one." " I doubt it." I sighed. " I'll give you time to think about it, Katniss." He replied. "Something you may want to discuss with your children now that they're old enough to understand." I creep back into our bedroom. Peeta is curled into a tight ball on his side of the bed. I take careful steps and quietly and slowly sink into the bed with him. I watch him for a while. His body rising and falling rhythmically as he breathes. Gently, I trail my fingers through the lines of his face. So many stories behind these lines. I take in the sight of him peacefully sleeping. The tight wrinkle he gets between his brows when he's tensed up is nothing but a small line, unnoticeable unless you know to look for it. The stiff stubble on his chin, glittering in the soft sunlight the slips through the curtains. Of all the years we've been together, of all the tragedy we've survived, the joys we've shared, I don't think I have ever loved him more than how much I love him at this moment. Last night was a nightmare. I woke up with him shaking next to me. His limbs uncontrollably flailing. His eyes rolling round and round in his skull. I turned him to his side. Making sure to keep his airway clear. As I knelt on the floor, facing him, his eyes catch mine for a moment and I glimpse the young boy he used to be. The boy who stood next to me in the square. His eyes, now a soft light blue color, begging me to help him. Begging me to make the seizure stop. I held him in my arms, his head shaking on the crook of my elbow and I sang to him. Deep in the meadow, under the willow A bed of grass, a soft green pillow Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes And when again they open, the sun will rise His shaking slowed and I heard him take a deep breath. Quickly, I pushed him to a sitting position and fumble for the plastic bowl I've kept under the bed. I grasped it and aimed it under his mouth just as he began to vomit. I soothed him as he continues to cough out his dinner. "You're okay. You're okay. I have you." I whispered. "I'm sorry." He cried. "I'm sorry." "Don't be sorry." I took the bowl away and crawled out from behind him. "You need to rest." I get a glass and fill it with water in the sink. I left the plastic bowl on the counter in the bathroom. I walked back to him and helped him take small sips. "I'm going to fix you." I told him as he fell back into sleep. "Good morning!" I smile at him now as his eyes flutter open. He uncurls from the ball he was in and invites me into his arms. I rest my head on his shoulder and lean into him, tucking my head between his chin and his chest. "What time is it?" He asks. "A little after eight." I say. "The kids have gone to work." "We should tell them when they get back." He says, his arms wrapping around my back. "They know you're sick Peeta. We've told them that." I say with a small voice. "We should make them part of the decision making." He says. "They should have a say in this. Whatever happens to me will affect them too." "I don't want them to be afraid of you." I stifle a cry. "Their old enough to understand." He says, "And I don't want them hearing rumours from someone else about what I have." "Alright." I shut my eyes. "But Peeta, you have to understand that ultimately, it will be your call. I don't want you to feel like you have something to prove to us. To me, especially. I know you. I know you're strong and I know you're kind. I know you. So don't decide based on what you think will be best for me because I already have that. I already have you. The kids know that too." "I just don't want you to always have to take care of me." He frowns and looks away. I place my palm on his cheek and make him look back to me. I can see how tired he is. How downtrodden he looks and how the defeat in his eyes glow brighter than his ocean blue colors. "We take care of each other." I tell him. "That's what we do. That's what we've been doing for each other from the moment we stepped into that first Arena. It's you and me." He kisses me and I let myself melt into him, remembering all the times I took his kisses for granted. "I love you." I say when we part. "And I will always love you no matter what you decide to do." We stay in each other's arms for a little longer. Not saying anything, listening to each other's heartbeats. How unsynced they've become now that Peeta is getting sicker. His fast beats remind me of how I used to sit beside Hector's crib, listening for irregularities, waiting for a flinch or a cringe that would tell me that he's in pain. Peeta's heart is weak, begging for rest. "For what it's worth, Peeta." I say, leaning away from his tired heart. "I would want you to get that removed. It's wearing you down. I can feel it. I can hear your body screaming for help." "Alright. We'll talk with Alouette and Hector." He says, but I know he's made up his mind to do as I ask. When the kids came home that night, we sat them down, made them promise to keep the discussion within the family only. Alouette had just finished her interview so the television was on. We were waiting for the broadcast of Caesar's time with her over the phone. Peeta turned down the volume. "What do you think about when your mother and I remind you that I'm sick?" He asks. Alouette looks away. Sometimes I wonder if she remembers any of the terror I've experienced with her when she was a baby. "It's because you were poisoned during the rebellion." Hector says. "You were highjacked to believe that Mom was the enemy." Alouette says, still not looking