Wildfire Chapter 1: Scorched Clovers Since the first dawn, fire had always been a symbol for civilization, knowledge and stability. Everyone always praised fire's beauty, with no wonder, of course. It was warm, soothing and unlike anything else in this world. However, it was also incredibly dangerous. Fire ripped apart families, forests, buildings; anything that stood in its path. Harry hated fire. He hated being near its flaming, unnatural warmth. He hated its ugly shades of reds and the shape it created as it consumed its surroundings. He hated the stench it released when it burned. Especially when it burned flesh. Touching his calloused, molten cheek with hesitant fingers, the scarred child let out a deep, strained sigh. It had been over four years since he received his burns, but every time he saw himself in the mirror, they felt as raw as they did when his body was unbandaged for the first time. He hated them so much. Harry Potter never thought he would experience such harsh feelings of loathing and rage at such the ripe age of ten, but here he was. The young boy didn't know how long he spent standing in front of the long, smudged mirror. He would always forget where he was when he stood there, but turning around to the rest of the room brought him back to the mundane reality of the orphanage. The room was fairly small with minimal furniture. There were two single beds that hugged the walls, perpendicular to the large window in the back. His room was on the second floor of the orphanage, so sometimes, when the window wasn't clouded by rain and fog, Harry got a pretty decent view of the outside world. Across the window, the pale, wooden door stood, contrasting fairly well against the chestnut-colored furniture and murky blue walls. Beside it, a large wardrobe filled with plain clothing stood proudly, reaching higher than anything else in the room. Scowling and turning his head away from his ugly reflection, he shoved his hands into his pockets, before childishly waddling over to his messy bed. He collapsed onto the rough mattress and blankets face first, his glasses falling off his face in the process. Harry found himself wondering whether or not he should have glasses in the first place. His vision wasn't that bad and one eye was permanently shut due to his scar, anyways. Maybe he should get a monocle, or something. No way. Not in the far off year of 1991, instead of receiving stares, he would get laughs and giggles thrown his way. It was essentially social suicide. The boy groaned loudly and turned around onto his back. His hand roamed his bed, trying to recover the lost round spectacles until he figured that they probably landed on his pillow. Staring up at the white, plain ceiling, his thoughts wandered elsewhere. What was he doing here? Was he going to rot away? Would anyone ever adopt him? Probably not. He felt like a trapped dog in one of those pet shelters. Maybe even like a mutt, like the ones who lost an eye in a pit fight and were simply imprisoned for years to come. While everyone adopted those cute, soft puppies with large eyes and playful attitudes, the other uglier mutts would simply sit in the dark, day after day. He supposed that some ugly dogs do get adopted, though. Perhaps his calling was right around the corner and all he had to do was leave this room. How long had he been cooped up in here, anyways? Harry turned his head towards his worn down end table, glancing at the ancient, nearly broken clock. 14:35. He didn't want to leave the small, minimalistic room, but his stomach gurgling suggested otherwise. With a deep, exhausted sigh, Harry stood up and glanced back at his ruffled bed, before finally taking note of his discarded glasses. He reached down to pick them up, carelessly putting them back on his face to their former position. Taking one last resentful look in the mirror, the short boy made his way towards the door. He placed his unfeeling hand onto the cold, smooth handle and turned it, pulling the door open. The halls of the orphanage weren't much more spectacular than its bedrooms. The long walls were painted a murky greyish-green, revealing its white drywall underneath through the cracks of the peeled paint. Was this even sanitary? Harry had no idea how this place passed its annual inspections. The floors, which were made out of wood, were covered by a dusty, long carpet, decorated by children's muddy footsteps. He ignored the depressing setting and began to make his way towards the common room and by extension, the kitchen. As he took long strides, he noticed a few of the other kids running by him, either laughing excitedly or pointedly ignoring him. His burnt hand reached up to shield his face self-consciously, tugging on the chunk of hair that was almost covering his shut eye. His hair was an annoyance to maintain sometimes, honestly. It was a wild, uneven mane that curled up at the ends and every time he tried to cover his face protectively, it simply propped itself up again. After a few minutes of silent and sullen walking, Harry finally reached the common room of the orphanage. Cloverfield was one of the smallest orphanages in London, its population consistently staying in the low twenties. Kids always came by and went, with their ages ranging from infancy all the way to near adulthood. They always seemed to get adopted by their late teens, though. He only knew one kid that never got adopted and stayed until he was eighteen, but it wasn't a surprise. The guy was fairly violent and rude to just about everyone he met, including Harry. The green-eyed youth rolled his eyes at the memory of the tall, lanky teen pointedly mocking him about his scars. At the time, Harry was straight out of the hospital, barely recovered. To say that it was a pretty rough time was an understatement. He was fairly nervous and flustered during the day, pointedly cowering away from all the pitiful gazes thrown in his direction. At night, he would cry himself to sleep, only to be waken up in cold sweat from fiery nightmares. He dimly remembered his time with the Dursleys, his mother's relatives. After getting released from the hospital and having his medical bills mysteriously paid off, he was sent to stay with them. Harry never really knew them. When he would curiously ask his young mother about her own family, while she was still alive, she would simply change the topic or stay fairly vague about it. The only point of information the young child managed to pry out of her after some hugs and puppy-dog eyes was that she had an older sister named Petunia whom she didn't speak with anymore. Even though it had been four years since her death, Harry barely remembered his mother. He hated the thought of forgetting her memory, but it made sense, he guessed. He was only six when she protected him from the fire and went out in flames, so as he would grow older he would only forget her more. The realization brought a pain in his heart and he felt his open eye prick with tears, only for it to quickly pass as he furiously rubbed at it, drying any tears threatening to roll down his cheek. The ten year old stopped walking as soon as the grave awakening hit him: he didn't remember how her voice sounded like. The boy stared down at the floor until his vision blurred and he blinked, realizing that some of the younger orphans around him were glancing at him curiously. He looked away, glancing down at his worn out trainers self-consciously. He hated this type of attention; the thought of people staring at him and whispering about his scars crawled up his spine. He rubbed his right arm awkwardly, suddenly thankful that he was wearing a long-sleeved shirt that day. It wasn't particularly cold, in fact, this July had been hotter than most. The weather didn't affect his day-to-day fashion, though. Now that he thought about it, Harry hadn't worn a short-sleeve shirt in a long time, at least in public. Sure, he wore a tank top to bed sometimes, but his wardrobe mainly consisted of plain long-sleeved shirts and oversized pants. Whenever he would get offered and gifted new clothing by his caretakers, he would never receive shorts or t-shirts. He was glad, honestly, as it saved him from the children's teasing and stares, but he had a strange feeling that even if he didn't ask for that type of fashion, he would receive it anyways. As he walked into the kitchen, he was met with a strong aroma of fresh, baking bread and the searing stench of the stew's meat. He flinched ever so slightly by his overwhelmed senses, but he managed to force a smile when he saw the kindly chef and two of the older orphans working together. The kitchen was fairly small and well worn out from excessive use, but it had a welcoming feel nonetheless. Something about the pale, teal colors and the homely nature of the hearth washed a relaxing and comforting feeling over Harry, though on the other hand it wasn't hard to admit that the proximity to the strong heat made him wary. Leaning by the doorframe, he curiously watched the cooks work. The head chef of the orphanage, Rosa, was sweet and motherly towards all of its inhabitants. She was an older woman nearing her fifties, Harry guessed, with a thick frame and a face wrinkled by smile lines. The chef curiously reminded the raven-haired boy of his own late mother, so he's not surprised that he quickly got attached to her. She seemed to like him well enough, too, as he noticed by her subtle hints when she would offer him extra loaves of bread or a freshly-baked pastry. His thoughts were interrupted by the woman's hearty laugh when she turned around and noticed the shy boy standing near the door. "Harry! How are you, dear?" Rosa gave him a fond smile before glancing back at the pot in front of her, stirring it mundanely. The jade-eyed youth's contrasting face cracked into a small smile, his calloused cheek tugging tightly. "I'm good, Miss Rosa. How are you?" His right hand reached up to tug on his tuft of soft, ebony hair protectively. He pointedly ignored the two older kids' wary and disgusted glares thrown in his direction, instead keeping his good eye directed at the homely cook's form as she hummed to herself. "I'm good as always, my dear. Of course, I feel better now though now that you have graced us with your presence. Did you want a snack, dear? Lunch will be ready in half an hour. You and the other kids will get a kick out of this fresh stew! Marie and Ethan have helped out today and they did a great job with prepping!" She announced proudly, clasping her hand on Marie's shoulder, who jumped at the sudden form of affection. Harry felt his smile grow as he shrunk shyly at the woman's praise. If anyone else said those words, he would instantly jump to the conclusion that it was a pointed form of sarcasm or mockery, but he knew she was only being honest. Her warm nature was almost intoxicating and he bit his lip excitedly as he felt butterflies flutter in his stomach. "Oh, if lunch will be ready soon, then I'll wait it out. I just wanted to see if you had any leftovers from breakfast, I haven't eaten all day." He said truthfully, rubbing his right arm in his notable way. He never realized that he did that until his roommate pointed it out to him a