Chapter One: The Day They First Met Part One Disclaimer: I do not own Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson and the Olympians and the Heroes of Olympus Series, and I do not own the songs I put into this book either. I only own my fan made characters and of course the plot line. Added Songs – In Order Of Appearance No songs in this chapter. ~Author's Note~ Hey, this is my first Percy Jackson and the Olympians fan fiction and I hope you enjoy my first chapter. I hope you like it, I have worked seriously hard on this so I hope you enjoy it. Today was another typical day for twenty-three year old Percy Jackson. Wake up at six-thirty, prep for work, catch the bus and grab a cab to the center of town and arrive seven-thirty sharp at the Cloud Olympus Cafe where he worked as a regular old barista. He had such a long day ahead of him, the café being the most popular and successful one in all of New York City. "Can I get an Americano with a triple shot?" A customer ordered as Percy did his job as usual every day. He smiled as he handed the brunette her regular order and had her exact change ready because she always paid with a twenty and her drink usually cost seven dollars, thirty-seven cents. "Thank you Percy. Call me." The brunette winked as she exited the café. Life had been really rough for Percy; he grew up with an abusive step-father since his father had abandoned him when he was born and then was left with his mom to fend for themselves and then proceeded to marry his abusive step-father. He was now a mature twenty-three year old with hopes and dreams, and is working on getting a degree in marine biology. When he had turned the ripe old age of eighteen, he gave the police evidence showing the true side of his abusive step-father, saving both his mom and himself from further pain. They were both brutally beaten by him, and now after long years of abuse they were finally free of him. Percy was a shell of the person he wanted to be and it drove him crazy but he learned that he shouldn't let it hold him back from what he wanted to be. Percy has lived alone for the past two years in his New York apartment, his best friend Grover Underwood used to live with him but he moved out two years ago when he got engaged to his four-year girlfriend, Juniper Johnson, and a year ago, they were united in marriage and are happily living together, their lives filled with love and romance. Percy didn't ever have much luck in the love department; he had a few serious relationships that went so wrong for him. His first relationship was first love for him, he had a girlfriend by the name of Calypso Greaves, they were high school sweethearts, well they got together when Percy turned sixteen and they were together for a year and she broke his heart. Cheated on him, never asked who she was with behind his back because it hurt him too much to even ask. Now she is a music pop star, but she cannot compete with Platinum recording artist Annabeth Chase who is on top of her game. Percy hadn't seen her since they separated but he heard about her making a career in the music industry but he didn't really care because she broke him. His next flame was an art student by the name of Rachel Elizabeth Dare, she and Percy weren't too serious but they kinda were in a way, they got together when he was eighteen and um... broke up, well he was actually dumped once again after six months, and yet it still hurt him badly, having opened up to someone again, only to have his heart torn apart again. Percy wanted something more serious and all Rachel wanted was to have his body, she was just looking for a good experience with a strong powerful man but because Percy was so closed off and was not ready to go that far with Rachel and she just turned round and said good-bye and left him there in his apartment. The one lost relationship that hit him really hard and the most recent to hurt him was the one he had with Reyna, she was it for him, they were together for three years, and then just like that, she was gone, and I don't mean she left him, she passed away. That was a year ago, Percy was completely closed off person now, completely swore against love because of Reyna but not because of her leaving him, because she died in a tragic accident. She was as a tactic's officer in the US Navy, and she was appointed to the USS Midway Aircraft Carrier when it had a major system malfunction. An explosion in the engine room killed all twelve people inside, Reyna one of them. At the time she was doing an inspection when it blew, she never made it and Percy was affected badly by it, cause when she was scheduled to return from the coast (which was two days after she died), Percy was going to ask her to marry him. And it was just before Christmas. He still had the ring, and all of her stuff was tucked away in the back of his closet in his apartment. They didn't live together but she spent all her time there. He had a rough life, and he desperately wanted to feel that love again, since he lost Reyna it had been hard for him to get back on his feet but he had done it but he was still broken inside. Something about today felt different, his sixth sense nagged at him. Every day was just a regular day for him but something about today felt different. As Percy worked his usual afternoon shift, and he smiled to himself as the door opened and a new customer walked in. He knew every regular that walked in but this was most definitely a brand new customer, first time one no doubt. This girl had long black curly hair and she had a beautiful unique eye color. She had what seemed to be electric blue but it was way, way darker and its shifting colours made her look unpredictable.. She had on a plain simple T-Shirt with 'JUST BEING ME,' written exactly like that, caps and all in red on a plain black back drop that was the shirt. She had on a pair of old faded jeans, tattered and torn, but at the same time, it was funky and unique and different. She had a regular sea green fleece hoodie on top of her shirt and a pair of black Nike trainers. "Morning ma'am. My name is Percy, what can I do for you today." He spoke calmly, his lopsided and quirky grin plastered on his face as the woman walked up to the till. She smiled and tapped her finger against her chin, deep in thought as she debated over what she wanted. It wasn't busy at this time of day so he didn't mind. "Can I please have a vanilla Chai latte, with a dollop of foam, two shots and a piece of quiche but which quiche should I get. What do you recommend?" She asked curiously, her eyes focused on his, as Percy turned his gaze to the variety of savory quiches, finally coming to a decision. "I recommend that if you are vegetarian which I highly doubt you are, I would go with the feta and spinach but if you are not a vegetarian, I would go with a subtle but delicious slice of regular of ham and cheese, it is the best in the city." She hummed, deep in thought once more and she gave a thumbs up as Percy neatly cut her a slice of the homemade quiche and placing it on the plate for her. He quickly prepped her coffee, placing the lid neatly onto the Styrofoam cup and led her to a table and placed the things down neatly on the table as she took a seat. "If you need anything feel free to ask. I already said this but I am Percy, Percy Jackson." He said as he extended his hand out in a vouch of friendship. "Nice to meet you. I am Anna, Anna Olympia." She said as she accepted his extension of friendship and she shook his hand happily. He enjoyed the feel of her hand in his and blushed when he realized that he was still holding her hand. She pulled away blushing and had grabbed out a pen and a notebook, she scribbled something on it and then tore a page out of the book and handed it Percy. "What is this?" Percy asked looking at the piece of paper, a sequence of numbers written on the paper, short, only about ten digits long. It also had her name written above it, 'What was it?' was the only question running through Percy's mind. "It's my number. Give me a ring sometime, maybe we could meet for coffee one of these days." She suggested in a pleased yet nervous tone. Percy smiled and tucked the number in the back pocket of his jeans and smiled as he said good-bye and went back to work. Percy was in a good mood the entire day having met Anna, he just wasn't sure if he was ready to start hanging out with women, I mean he hung out very often with his cousin and that but he hadn't dated anyone since he found out about Reyna's death. Anna had left about an hour after Percy met her and in a way he already missed her. Walking down the street he smiled as he listened to his favorite artist, a beautiful young artist exactly his age, goes by the name of Annabeth Chase. She was beautiful, bodacious and has a laid back kind of vibe but she is passionate and serious about her music and tuition too. Graduated from Harvard with masters in Architecture even while she worked on her music. Appearance wise, she is stunning, and the same thing can be said about her voice. She has long curly blonde hair and she has such a unique and exquisite eye color. She has grey eyes that suited her. Percy's favorite song was 'Here I am.' He enjoyed humming to the music as he rode the nine pm bus to his stop. He fiddled with his keys when he arrived in front of his apartment door, when he found it; he entered his ordinary apartment where he lived. Locking the door behind him, he sighed and headed to his bedroom, he didn't have classes today or tomorrow which pleased him greatly. He stopped and went to his kitchen and dug in his deep freeze searching for a microwave dinner. He found a ready meal beef lasagna and popped it into the microwave setting the timer for ten minutes and he sighed as he headed straight to his room, pulling on a pair of pajama boxers and a matching black vest and as he carried his jeans to the wash basket, the piece of paper tucked in the back pocket of his jeans. He picked it up, smiling and then he frowned, he felt odd but in a good way but he sighed as he crumpled up the paper and chucked it into the small basket waste basket and he went to his cupboard, the very back of it and pulled out a sealed cardboard box and placed it on the bed. He hesitantly looked at the top, 'Reyna,' written capital letters with a black bold marker. He breathed in, nervously pulling out his pocket knife, flicking the blade out,