Hey everyone. Been a while since I did a One-Shot and since it is our favourite character, Percy Jackson's birthday, I came up with this one shot in honour of it. Hope you all like it because I have been cleaning it up for days. Here in the continent of Africa in a little country called Zimbabwe, it's currently one in the morning as i am posting this so it is August 18th where i am right. Anyway, hope you enjoy this birthday shot in honor of Percy Jackson's birthday. Birthday Misunderstanding Percy Jackson was so glad that his mother had allowed him to use her house for a rocking and awesome nineteenth birthday party. Now since Percy had graduated a little under a year ago from Goode High School and had decided to take a gap year, he had decided that he would have one last wicked birthday/going away/congratulatory party before he went off to study at NYU. He'd already had a fantastic morning with his mother and father and his family and now it was time to blow the roof off of his house with this party. All of his friends were returning for this big event since he was known for his parties, being the athlete he was an all. He had been a jock all through high school but he wasn't your typical jock. He put time and effort into his studies, trained his ass off when it came to swimming and he most certainly wasn't a bully, in fact, he protected all the nerds and freaks of the school considering he himself was one at one point before he molded into the man he is now. He used to be scrawny, a short stick insect who adored playing Mythomagic and re-enacting battle scenes from his favorite book series of all time but then he hit puberty and became this god that had all the girls drooling and lining up at his feet, handing him their numbers. He of course wasn't a player at all, he wanted serious relationships which he had a few of. His longest relationship was one that had recently come to a bitter end when he discovered that his girlfriend of almost two years, Drew Tanaka, the literal queen bee of Goode High, head cheerleader and a girl that dropped men's jaws, had been cheating on him for the last six months of their relationship. Percy admittedly, was in love with her but it was obvious that she didn't feel the same way since she'd broken up with him just a few weeks ago for the other man and Percy had been slowly healing. It was a process but he was getting there and it gave him a chance to focus on studies and training. The night time pool party was in full swing, music thumping through the amplifiers as the mixer table that had been set up was being expertly played by the hired DJ. Young adults left and right were laughing, drinking and having a blast. It honestly felt good to see so many familiar faces, just made Percy find the evening more enjoyable. The heated pool was being used, the sound of water being splashed was like music to Percy's ears. The birthday boy himself was by the mix table, a drink in hand. He casually leaned against the frame of the glass door, dressed in a pair of Hawaiian themed board shorts that hung loosely on his hips. He had taken off the shirt he was wearing earlier since he decided that when he was finished his drink that he was going to take a dive in the pool to cool down since it was a humid night. He downed the last of his drink before he arched his back and hollered, "Canon Ball." Before he charged towards his beautiful, light blue pool, anyone in the way cleared a path and cheered as he launched himself into the when he reached the edge of the pool and formed his body into the perfect shape and let gravity bring him back down to the water. The water surrounded him and Percy enjoyed lingering under the surface of the water, taking in the legs of everyone that stood in the pool in this moment. He had trained himself to hold his breath for a very long period of time. Many people sometimes forgot that he could do it because every time he did it, someone dived in to save him because they thought that he was drowning when he was perfectly fine. With a smile, he pushed off the bottom and broke through the surface of the water, everyone erupting in excited cheers as he whooped, the feeling so incredible that he couldn't describe it. As Percy shook the water out of his hair, he looked towards the glass doors that were open and quite literally froze when he saw the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his life. There stood a beautiful angel. She had golden blonde locks that shined so beautifully in the white limelight's that flashed rhythmically to the music. It cascaded off her head in such a delicate way that it looked like a waterfall of liquid gold. She looked shy, her fascinating gray eyes sparkling in such a mystifying way that Percy almost felt hypnotized by them. Her face was shaped to perfection, lightly dusted pink cheeks that were accentuated by her well defined cheek bones. She was wearing a simple pair of board shorts, the waist band was black and decorated with white polka dots whilst the rest was a bright turquoise and she was wearing what Percy learned to be a bandeau style bikini top (courtesy of Drew Tanaka since she modeled swimwear.) it was multicolored, almost like a rainbow and it was stunning on her frame. She had on a pair of sandals to go with it and she just looked like an angel sent from heaven. Percy knew the minute he saw her, he knew he needed to find out who she was because he had never seen such a beauty in all of his life. He climbed out the pool, completely focused on going to her to introduce himself with a fiery determination but froze when saw an all too familiar face of his best friend, Luke Castellan appear behind her and wrap an arm around her shoulder and scan the crowd before landing on Percy. "Perce, there you are!" He said excitedly, leaving the beauty for a moment, strutting over to Percy with a pair of black board shorts and a white wife beater on and embraced Percy who had broken out of his stupor to react to seeing his friend whom he hadn't seen in months. "I've missed you, you son of a gun." Luke said with a cheeky grin as he pulled away and the two grinned at each other. "Yeah, its awesome to see you too." Percy said with a smile but his gaze turned and fell onto the beautiful angel whom he hadn't taken his eyes off from the second he had laid his eyes on her. "You gonna introduce me to your beautiful friend or shall I remain a nameless son of a gun in her eyes." Percy teased, not failing to notice the blush that appeared on her cheeks as she started biting her plump pink bottom lip. "Forgive my rudeness but this is Annabeth Chase." Luke introduced, ushering her towards him as Percy offered his hand out. "Annabeth, this is Percy Jackson, my best friend and the birthday boy." Annabeth, in Percy's mind it was the most perfect name for such an exquisite beautiful woman such as herself. "It's lovely to meet a beautiful woman such as yourself, Annabeth." Percy said in an adoring tone as he took her hand in his and without second thought brought it up to his lips and pressed a gentle kiss on it, his eyes never leaving her as her blush darkened, a shy smile appearing that just made his heart skip a beat. "Its an honor to meet you too." She said softly. Percy heard her voice clearly through the loudness of the party which was all just background music to the beautiful song that was her radiant voice that sounded like silk. "Luke has told me so much about you." "I hope it's been all good things." Percy quipped as he eyed Luke who just grinned. "Of course." She sounded more confident instead of shy which Percy really found himself liking greatly. "How about I get you a drink and you can tell me about all the good things he's told you about me and I can clear up a few transgressions he's made." Percy said with a flirty smile, honestly he didn't find himself caring if she was Luke's girlfriend. He was just so captivated and taken by her that he just had to get to know her, he wanted to know everything about her and he was going to plan on how to steal her from his best friend. "I'd like a soda please." She said in a polite tone as Percy smiled at her. "be right back." He said as he held onto her hand that he hadn't released yet, never wanting to let go but did so reluctantly as he made his way into the building to get her the drink she had asked for. Annabeth couldn't help but watch Percy as he walked into the house. She nervously bit her lip as she watched the handsome god of a man that rivaled Narcissus and Adonis, no in fact he was a thousand times more handsome than those two combined. The man had been carved and sculpted to pure perfection. These perfectly sculpted cheek bones that were strong and powerful, perfectly made pouty lips that just looked so damn kissable, intense green eyes that she found herself getting lost in the minute she looked into them. She internally cursed herself for checking him out shamelessly, remembering his toned body that was constructed into a sheer masterpiece that could give Leonard da Vinci and Pablo Picasso a run for their money. The man himself was a work of art and Annabeth mentally berated herself for staring like a love struck fan girl and practically drooling at the sight of the birthday boy as Luke referred to him ass. "Damn girl, if you drool anymore you're going to get a dry mouth." Luke teased, bringing Annabeth out of her fantasy dream about his best friend, causing her to blush and scowl at her best friend. "Dammit, Luke. I can't believe you let me stare at him like a goddamn idiot." She groaned as she slapped her forehead, feeling completely embarrassed at her older 'brother's' teasing antics. "I hate you sometimes Castellan." They had been best friends since they met in middle school. Luke had already graduated and was in college, being two years older than Annabeth who would be turning seventeen this year. He was like her protective, idiot older brother that got a kick out of teasing her and she finally knew why he invited her to his other best friend's birthday party. "I'm sorry Annabeth but you had such an awestruck look on your face I just couldn't resist." Luke apologized as he put an arm around her shoulder and pressed a kiss to the side of her head. "But in my defense you weren't the only one awestruck." Luke announced, causing Annabeth to frown at him. "What do you mean?" Annabeth asked as Luke took a sip of his drink, completely confused as she stared at him with a shocked and confused expression. "Please, for someone who has an IQ higher than Einstein's, you really are blind, Chase." Luke said with an amused chuckle, shaking his head and disbelief. "I know my best friend, Annabeth. Percy was completely taken by you. Hell, he was shamelessly flirting with