Hey guys, its me with my brand new one-shot. I decided to do a nice long one, so i hope you like it. I got the idea for this story from the song Best Friend by Jason Chen and the one idea I got from my chosen cover photo I used. Hope you guys enjoy it. Love you all, hope you like it. Best Friend It started on Percy Jackson's 10th birthday. His mom and dad were once again arguing instead of celebrating his birth and he was so enough. The one day his separated parents were supposed to put their differences aside and tolerate each other few hours had been ruined the second they breathed a single word to each other. He was so upset cause they wouldn't stop fighting and when he tried to stop them, they both pushed him to the floor and went back to arguing, not even checking to see if their son was alright so Percy went to the front door and opened it, and started running down the path desperately wanting to get as far away from them as he could. Like they would care about him, all they did was argue so why would it matter to them if he was gone. Percy ran to the only other place he knew, the playground a couple of blocks away from his house, he didn't even have is shoes when he ran away and when he arrived at the park, he immediately went and sat on the swing set, not caring if his raven black hair fell in front of sorrowful green eyes. They just hid the tears that were streaming down his face as painful sobs escaped his lips. He just wanted to be left alone to cry because not only was he tired of his parents fighting, but his birthday was ruined. It was one after the other that got ruined because he didn't have any friends. His friend Grover moved away several weeks ago to Texas so Percy was all alone. When Percy felt something touch his shoulder, he looked up and met a pair of dark stormy grey eyes that were a part of a girl's face with choppy blonde hair tied in a ponytail. "Are you alright?" she asked, her grey eyes filled with concern and Percy shook his head before looking down and watching as the tears that fell soaked into his pants, leaving dark spots behind. "Son, are you alright?" A deep voice asked and Percy looked up at the face of a man who was standing tall and proud over him. He had sandy blonde hair with rectangular glasses resting on the bridge of his nose, his brown eyes watching Percy closely as he knelt down on one knee to get a closer look at Percy. Percy couldn't think about how silly the man looked in the dull sweater vest he was wearing. "Can you tell me your name son?" Percy was very timid when he answered his name, not meeting the man's gaze. "Percy." "Can you tell me where your parents are?" The stranger asked, the little girl lingering to the side. "They aren't here. I ran away because they are always fighting. They ruined my birthday." Percy stuttered out as he looked back at his lap. "They pushed me and I fell to the floor, so I ran away. They are too busy always fighting to notice me. They don't care about me so I ran away." The tears started to pour again and before Percy knew what was going on, small arms wrapped around his neck, his vision obscured by blonde hair as the little girl held onto him. Percy just let his arms drop as he hugged her back, letting her comfort him as the strange man with her wrapped his arms around them. "I am sorry Percy but I am sure your parents must be worried sick about you." The man whispered as he pulled away and pulled out a handkerchief from his pocket and ushered the little girl away from Percy as he wiped away Percy's tears. "Would you like me to take you home Percy? I am sure that you miss your mom and dad, don't you miss them?" He asked and Percy couldn't help but nod because it was true. He missed his parents even if they did fight all the time. Percy nodded as the man smiled at him. "Who are you?" Percy found himself asking as the tears stopped and the man tucked his handkerchief away for now. "My name is Frederick Chase and this is my daughter Annabeth." The little girl was grinning at Percy as she stuck out her hand, trying to blow a strand of her blonde hair out of her face. Percy chuckled as he reached out and moved the pesky hair of Annabeth's and tucked it behind her ear, earning him an even bigger smile as she shook his hand. "Come on silly, let's get you home." Percy giggled as he climbed off the swing and took Annabeth's free hand as she grabbed her dad's who looked down at home. "What's your home number?" He asked curiously as they walked out the playground and onto the street, Percy pointing in the direction that he lived as they walked up the street. "Number 14." Percy answered as they walked in the direction of his house. Percy help but blush slightly as he held Annabeth's hand. He hadn't had a friend in so long and walking with Annabeth and his dad made everything so much better. "Percy! Percy where are you!" A feminine voice called out. "My baby boy where are you!" The woman sounded like she was in pain, like she was all alone in a never ending silence as she cried out. "Perseus where are you!" A man's voice bellowed ahead of them. "My boy, please come home. Please Perseus. Where are you?" his voice was hoarse and broken, he sounded like he was losing his voice. "Mommy, Daddy!" Percy called out when he saw the two figures ahead of them, even with the great distance between them; he could tell that they were his parents. Their heads shot in his direction and instantly the woman called out to her son, her voice filled with relief, her eyes held tears that poured down in bucket loads as she ran forward, calling out to her son joyously; the man that was with her, following right behind her. Percy let go of Annabeth's hand, his eyes filled with tears of joy as he ran towards his parents, calling out to them in happiness. The woman knelt on the ground with her arms open to embrace her son, her blue eyes filled with relief and guilt as she ignored her brown locks of hair that stuck to her face from her tears as the little boy's body collided with hers and she wrapped him in a suffocating tight hug, never wanting to let go of her son. The man embraced the two, crying tears of joy, the fear of never finding their son dissipating off of him but the guilt permanently branded on his heart because both him and Percy's mother knew that it was because of their constant fighting that their son ran away. Percy's father looked up at Frederick and smiled gratefully. "Thank you for finding our son." He said breathlessly. "It was my daughter Annabeth who found him. We were in the playground just down the road from here and we saw him run to the swing set and he was crying like no tomorrow." Frederick answered as Sally tightened her grip around her son, reassuring him that she wasn't going to let him go ever again. "Oh my baby we are so sorry. We didn't mean to make you cry and upset?" His mother spoke softly, pulling away and cupping her son's tear covered face in her hands, unable to stop her own tears. "Please forgive us Percy. We didn't mean to ruin your birthday. I am so terribly sorry for our actions but please don't ever run away again. I couldn't bare it if anything happened to you." "I am so sorry mommy. I am so sorry. I won't run away ever again, I promise." Percy cried as he wrapped his arms around her neck again, burying his face in her neck before he looked at his daddy. "I am so sorry daddy." He cried as he pulled away and jumped into his dad's open and waiting arms as he clung to his son for dear life. He planted repeated kisses against his son's cheek who giggled as his father did it, unable to stop laughing. "Sorry we haven't introduced ourselves. I am Sally and this is Percy's father, Poseidon. Thank you so much for finding our son and bringing him back to us." She breathed out as she shook Frederick's hand. "It's no problem. I am Frederick Chase and this is my daughter Annabeth." Frederick announced as they shook hands with each other. "We should be going Annabeth." He announced to his daughter who was pouting up at him. "Come on Annabeth, we cant leave the house empty for too long you know." "I know daddy but I wanna say bye to Percy before we go." Annabeth announced, crossing her arms defiantly as she stared up at her father. Frederick sighed as he nodded at his daughter he trotted forward whilst Poseidon put his son on the ground. The two walked up to each and smiled at each other. "Meet you at the playground tomorrow?" Annabeth asked curiously and Percy smiled a lopsided smile. "Pinkie promise to always be there for each other." Percy asked curiously, extending his pinkie finger and Annabeth locked their fingers together. "Pinkie promise." She assured him before she strutted off and took her fathers had with a large smile on her face. Percy had an equally large grin on his face as he walked in between his parents, holding both of their hands, walking with a skip in his step the whole way home to his long awaited birthday party that turned out to be the best birthday he had had in years. Percy was thirteen years old when he realised that he was in love with his best friend Annabeth Chase. Since his tenth birthday the two met at the playground every day and met at school every day and played and sat together when they found out that they go to the same school. Percy realised that he loved his best friend when the two of them were working in his mother's rather large strawberry patch collecting strawberries and as usual, Percy was being silly. He was currently dressed in an orange t-shirt with the letters CHB short for Camp Half Blood from his favourite series, Peter Johnson and the Olympians and a pair of faded denim jeans. Annabeth got Percy hooked on the series not long ago and they obsessed together over the series together. Annabeth sat next to him, gingerly picking strawberries and placing them in the basket his mother had given them and Percy snuck his arm behind Annabeth's back when she wasn't looking and grabbed a strawberry from Annabeth's hand that she had been saving for herself to eat and he snatched it, popping it between his teeth, smirking at Annabeth who was now glaring at him. Percy's smirk grew as Annabeth shook her head at him, "Seaweed Brain." She muttered as she shoved her hand in his face the two of them laughing like maniacs as a mud war broke out between the two and Percy didn't care as he smothered Annabeth's light blue spaghetti strap top with mud, causing her to gasp. "You are so dead Seaweed Brain!" She growled as she got ready with her next ball of mud. "You are gonna have to catch me first Wise Girl." Percy had the audacity to