This is my one shot i have had written since March/April and i finally decided to post it. Piper missed Jason like crazy. He was going back and forth between camps, organising the shrines for the Minor Gods—which she thought was very generous and thoughtful of him but cut into her Jason time. She barely saw him whenever he came, his busy schedule eating up his time to even see her. It had been a year since they defeated Gaea, and out of that year, the amount of time she had spent with Jason totaled only that of a month. She asked if she could travel with Jason and help him, but he declined her offer and secretly hurting her feelings in the process. Being a daughter of Aphrodite, you were more intact with your emotions, and right now, a sphere of heartache and sadness had claimed Piper. She wasn't her usual bubbly self anymore because she missed her Sparky. Everyone noticed and desperately tried to cheer Piper up. They invited her to spar with them, go canoeing, and even join the camp sing-a longs; but all Piper did was hide in the Aphrodite cabin. Memories of her favorite times with Jason plagued her mind on a daily basis. Her most favorite being the night they had confessed their love for each other on top of the Zeus' cabin under the stars. Piper wished so much that it was still like that because the very next day, Jason was gone and on his way to Camp Jupiter. She was saddened by that, expecting to see Jason but only to be greeted by a note left on his door reading: Hey Pipes I had to get started on my promise to Kymopoelia, sorry I didn't say good bye to you in person but you were asleep when I had to go, so I am sorry. But in all truth, I don't have any time to waste. The sooner I do this, the sooner we can start our new life together officially. I promise you that I will IM you every day. I will see you soon. Miss you already. Luv u so much Pipes Your Sparky That note still sat under her pillow. She had read it so many times, she'd practically memorized it, reminding herself of Jason's yet she would always find herself looking back to that night and wondering if Jason had really meant what he said on the rooftop to her. He never did keep his promise when it came to the IMing, he only ever did it once, and that was on her birthday. That really hurt her feelings. She beat herself up about it, blaming herself for his sudden distance and for not knowing what she did to make him hurt her this way. Piper sat on her bed, alone in the Aphrodite cabin, and staring at the note once again. She had gone to dinner earlier, did the usually offering to her mother, and ate in silence while everyone was so enthusiastic and excited for Percy and Annabeth's return to camp this evening. She missed them, mainly Annabeth, but as much as she was happy to be seeing them again, she could never stop the sadness creeping up in her were so lovey-dovey and caring about each other, and it reminded her of how alone she beloved Sparky nowhere to be seen. A silent knock on her door brought her back to reality and she saw the smiling face of the dead-man-come-alive himself. Leo arrived back on the back of Festus the dragon about a month after he was presumed dead, with the famous Calypso clinging onto him like a baby monkey. It was a sight to remember, Piper and Jason were so happy to see him. She had to hand it to Leo and his timing because he chose to arrive on the day the one time Jason was back at Camp Half-Blood. "Hey beauty queen, why are you looking so glum?" He asked in a nervous and worried tone, his face as readable as a puppy. After the last few months, Leo had noticed Piper's depressive state. Leo stood by the door, nothing but his head poking into the room and his hands holding the door closed, like he was hiding something but Piper was too upset to bother asking why he hadn't come in. "You know why Commander Tool Belt!" Piper retorted and Leo's cheeky grin faded, he was staring at Piper but he looked happy about something. "Why are you here Leo, can't you see I want to be alone?" Leo huffed, obviously annoyed with Piper's cranky attitude. She didn't use her charm speak on him. He was practically immune to her voice anyway so she couldn't and he very well knew as well. "Actually Pipes, I'm not the one who wanted to see you, I just came as backup." Piper looked up at him and frowned, and that was his queue. He opened the door and Piper went pale. There at the door, stood her tall blonde boyfriend. He had grown in the last year, becoming more buff and beginning to look like a true roman actually worried Piper—her fear of losing Jason to the Romans all over again returning—but she wasn't going to tell anyone that. He still wore the glasses Asclepius had given him when they got the physician's cure. She watched as they fogged up as he breathed deeply, looking like he was nervous or something. His eyes were shining like amethysts in the moon light, his electric blue eyes as unreadable as ever, he had his orange Camp Half Blood T-shirt on which hugged his firm chest and his hands were tucked in his jeans' pockets. Piper instantly stood up the minute she saw him, all of her emotions forming into an imploding bomb within her body. Leo had moved out of the way and vanished, closing the door behind him even though Piper wanted him to leave it open so she could leave as fast as possible. They were silent for seconds, then minutes, then hours. Piper had no idea how long they had been standing there in silence. Piper could hear her mother screaming in her mind, 'Woman up my dear and tell him how you really feel.' Piper opened her mouth, wanting to scream and yell at him for all the pain he had put her through but all that came out of her mouth was his name in a breezy yet soft whisper. Jason walked forward, a smile slowly creeping up across his face, but it was one of sadness. Piper's eyes brimmed with tears, unable to control them as she leapt at him, hugging the daylights out of him, and he hugged her back with an equal amount of passion and love. They stayed that way, Jason comforting her as she cried happily. "I thought that you didn't care about me anymore," she sobbed as she pulled away and looked up at Jason, his glasses were unevenly set across his face and she found herself reaching up and fixing his glasses with a smile forming on her face. "I've missed you so much Jason." She said silently as he cupped her cheek gently before he leaned down and kissed her. Piper finally felt at home, but something about him seemed off. She just didn't know what it is was and decided to ignore it. She was far too busy being happy that he was here anyway. He pulled away and rested his forehead against hers, a smile on his face. "I am so sorry about everything Pipes. I know I've been a shitty boyfriend, and I'm sorry that I've neglected you, but I'm here now and I will be for quite a while." Piper was so happy hearing those words and she couldn't help but kiss him again. She found herself giggling like a true daughter of Aphrodite as she kissed him and smiled against each other's lips. Jason pulled away and took Piper's hands in his and brought them up to his lips and kissed them. Piper felt whole again, and she had the urge to jump around screaming like the true daughter of Aphrodite inside of her but she remained calm. She had a reputation to uphold. She was Piper Mclean, the scruffy teen aged girl, the only daughter of Aphrodite that refused to wear make-up who jumped into an army of giants in Athens, the half-blood that earned the cornucopia, and the demi-god who put Gaea to sleep for an eternity. "Look, I have to go for a while, but how about we meet up on top of my cabin?" Piper's eyes gleamed with excitement and she nodded enthusiastically. Jason smiled and pulled Piper in for one final kiss before he headed to the door. But before leaving, he turned back to her. "I love you so much Piper," he whispered as he left her cabin, and Piper squealed, letting her inner Aphrodite shine bright. She was debating what to wear and she just decided to wear the only dress she owned. It was a simple brown summer dress with short loose sleeves and to still be herself, she wore her favorite pair of old tattered sneakers. She put on a little lip gloss and nothing more, leaving her hair and face alone as they are. She looked at herself in Drew's mirror, smiling at her reflection. 'Mom should be happy with this,' Piper reasoned with herself and feeling satisfied, she decided to go early and surprise Jason. She left her cabin through the window and snuck past all the other cabins. Piper avoided the few Demi-gods that were still around and arrived at Jason's cabin. Taking a running start, she vaulted herself off the ground and up to the window, climbing in and closing it behind her. She had been practicing doing that quite a lot as she snuck in here when Jason wasn't present and climbed up onto the roof to look up at the sky and see all of the constellations. Her favorite being the constellation dedicated to a fallen hunter of Artemis, Zoe Nightshade (You learn a lot of stuff when you are best friends with Annabeth Chase.) She found the column that hid the ladder and climbed up, wondering what she would find up there. The anticipation was killing her as she ascended higher up the ladder but nothing prepared her for what she saw. She was half way through the trap door when she saw Jason seated on the roof with Reyna who was wearing a simple Camp Jupiter shirt, a pair of tattered jeans and a pair of sneakers. They seemed to be talking, so Piper decided to climb lower so that she wasn't seen as she listened intently. "Jason, what is the big deal? It's not like she is going to flip out. She is understanding and I think she will understand how important this project is to you. I do and so will she," Reyna assured Jason and Piper was even more curious than before. What were they talking about? She wanted to jump out and ask what they were discussing, but she also wanted to say hi to Reyna because she hadn't seen her in so long and she was curious as to why Jason didn't tell her that Reyna was here. "But Reyna, she will. It's not as if I haven't already been the worst boyfriend in history this last year, all I want to do is make her happy and this will just hurt her. I can't ask her to drop everything and leave everything behind and move to Camp Jupiter with me." Piper's eyes grew wide. It hit her like a freight train. Jason's project . Jason was moving to Camp Jupiter. Without even thinking, Piper climbed the rest of the way up and stood there utterly breathless. "You're moving to Camp Jupiter?" She cried