Freedom ~.~.~.~ Part I: Chapter I Waking Up To say Percy woke up with a headache was an understatement. He woke with a killer headache, he felt like his brain was being assaulted by Laistrygonian giants. Black spots danced across his eyes, blurring his vision so he had to blink repeatedly in order to clear his sight. He wasn't in any pain. No physical pain at least but he couldn't remember anything at all. Well, he remembered that his name was Perseus "Percy" Jackson, that he was the son of Sally Jackson and the mighty Greek Sea God, Poseidon. He was welcomed into Camp Half-Blood when he was twelve years old. There was something else though, just what was it. Oh... There was a battle against Gaea. Percy knew that she had won that battle at Camp Half-Blood but he just didn't remember how she did it exactly. He honestly didn't remember much after seeing the triumphant smile plastered on her vine covered face as she stood at the top of Half-Blood Hill, and her victoriously vile laugh as the darkness claimed him that fateful day. Oh Gods. Percy forced himself to sit up as a million questions suddenly bombarded his mind with a brutal crash, actually making his head hurt even more than before. He wished there was someone who could answer the big question that had plagued his mind. Why the heck was he underwater? Percy looked around, finally coming to terms of his current location. He was in the middle of the god damn ocean. He wasn't seated on the ocean floor; he was suspended in the water. He wasn't floating through the water, no; he was drifting gently in the water, the current moving him along. How long had he been drifting for? He looked over himself, noticing that he was wearing a torn Camp Half-Blood T-shirt. He looked through the holes in his shirt and saw the remains of fading scars that he didn't remember getting. They were fading but they had obviously been taking a very long time to heal judging by the length of the scars. Percy noticed his Camp necklace floating directly in front of his face and his hand went up and he clutched it in his hand as multitudes of bittersweet memories ran through his mind. He felt like he was int same spot that he was in just over a year when Beckendorf died; not knowing where he was? What day it was? How was he going to get back home? It hit him hard. Home. Percy tried to think. He couldn't feel his father's presence in the water like he usually did. The ocean felt wild and out of control, not the usual calm it was when his father was there. Something seemed very off to him, like the day he was attacked by Ms. Dodds when he was twelve. But this time, it felt a million times worse. Percy knew there was a specific reason he was just waking up in the middle of the ocean with no clue of what had happened. When it comes to myths, there was always a reason. Percy straightened himself, before he kicked hard, propelling himself to the surface, bracing himself for the reality that lay above the water surface. He broke through like a dolphin gracefully jumping out the water, breathing in the salty fresh air. Percy looked around and found that he was close to the shore, instantly recognizing his surroundings. He was somewhere past Coney Island Beach, currently located near Manhattan. He could see the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge above him. He was in Brooklyn. He could hear the same old cars honking and people chatting and walking. The regular New York thing, but it was all very, very wrong. Finally coming to a decision, Percy started swimming to shore but why was he in Brooklyn? Why was he so far from Camp? The sky was a bright orange but the sun wasn't anywhere to be seen. The air felt dry as he climbed out of the water and onto a stretch of land and got more bitter the more he inhaled it. His throat was dry along with his lips and he was severely parched, even though he should feel fine, but he felt weak. A thought was banging inside his mind and he couldn't help but feel like something was missing. He didn't feel as whole-hearted as he should, there was something missing and then he felt down and a sharp pain stab into his heart. Literally. There were very few people out on the strip. It was wonderfully warm, which was slightly refreshing and it was obvious because it was summertime. There were a couple of girls and boys running to the rails with their parents to fish but the water wasn't clean enough to fish. The fish were probably dead, and that was normal in the city. Yet, that off feeling hit Percy again, this time harder. The people all looked scared and extremely cautious of their surrounding, like they seemed to be in the wrong place. Percy didn't recognize any of the people on the streets at all. He didn't know many mortals since he was fond of the before and after he was twelve. Percy finally climbed over the rail; hoping that none of the mortals in the area freaked out if they saw some random boy magically appearing out of the water, completely dry, dressed in shredded clothes and looking around like some escaped convict, looking for a place to hide out. Yes, it's true, people have seen strange things in New York, but not this strange. Percy sighed as he forced himself to walk away from the safety of the water and into the open. Some of the mortals swiveled their heads and noticed Percy. They looked a bit shocked, but not shocked in the way Percy thought. They pointed at him as if he was some lost memory or a cartoon character from an old show on Disney Channel. But the truly weirdest part of their facial expressions was a blitzed mixture of shock, horror and oddly joy. People turned to call their friends, but by the time they turned back, Percy had made sure that he was out of sight. He headed straight across the empty highway and made way for Manhattan. There was an abandoned shack nearby. Percy had no clue why it would be abandoned but he decided to go in anyway and try and find some items of clothing. If someone spotted him in his torn clothes, they would definitely be very suspicious. After a few minutes of rummaging through the shack, he finally found some clothes, putting on the dark grey hoodie and faded jeans that were folded on one of the shelves he looked on. It wasn't hard to find his size, and being in proper clothing, he felt better. Percy went over to the cash register that was hidden under the counter and pried it open, and found three hundred and fifty-two dollars inside. Not a bad amount, Percy thought to himself and she rolled the money together and tucked it into the back pocket of his new/old jeans. The money would be enough to get him where he wanted to go, which was good. He made his way out the shack and started walking back down to the intersection, where yet again, the streets went empty, not as empty as the highway, yet still empty enough to still seem weird. It took Percy twenty-two minutes to locate and flag down a taxi. "Oh Gods, I haven't had a customer in weeks! No one ever comes out anymore! Where to chief?" the drive spoke excitedly, freaking Percy out a little bit as he climbed into the taxi, still looking at the skinny and pale driver. He looked so sorrowful and pitiful and now that Percy had arrived, his eyes had lit with excitement and hope. The fact that the man didn't have anyone to drive around was questionable. Percy shrugged it off until he realized something. Gods? Did the driver just say Gods. Maybe he was a past demigod who actually survived. Or maybe it was just a slip of the tongue. Or worse, he was a monster. Percy didn't dare say anything else but the address of his old New York City home, just to be careful. "Sure thing." The driver said calmly this time, pulling out onto the road, and they were now on their way to Manhattan. The ride made Percy a bit wary. It could have been the nerves or something else, but Percy was very cautious. Percy's heart jerked as he arrived back in the city. His home, he hadn't been there in a while. It was heartwarming and refreshing, well that was until he looked at Time Square. There were barely any civilians on the streets that usually buzzed with life at this time of the day. The road was bare except for very few cars and people walking and running desperately to get inside buildings. Percy thought that it was very weird and that off feeling in his gut grew tenfold as he traveled further and further down the familiar path towards his home. That's when he saw it. It was everywhere and anywhere that had a sign. On billboards, newspapers, windows and more. Everywhere Percy turned, all he saw was her hollow eyes all around him. that smug, nasty, triumphant look that she wore the day she stood upon Half-Blood Hill. Even though it was another body, Percy knew it was the Earth Mother herself. Gaea. Below her picture was a caption, more like a title: Earth Mother Today, Earth Leader Forever. It was a ridiculous slogan but it was something very Gaea like. Percy felt the dread as he looked at the face of one of his friends forced to be her host body. Percy remembered that day clearly, has if it happened a second ago. Percy and Annabeth were in some deep trouble right now. They were back to back, a large and seemingly endless ring of centaurs and Karpoi surrounded them, there was no escape, they were completely surrounded. Percy eyed them all strategically, ginning as a silly thought popped in his head. It kind of helped that his girlfriend was a daughter of Athena. "Plan?" He asked curiously as he raised Riptide into the air, daring the monsters to come at him so the deadly blade could taste their monster blood once again. Percy could tell that that the gears in Annabeth's were moving rapidly, her brain working on overdrive and coming up with nothing. "I take left, you take right?" Obviously, it just wasn't their day. Percy charged the first centaur that charged and Percy slid beneath its legs, driving Riptide into it;s lower body while Annabeth stabbed it's chest, double teaming the monster. Percy rolled up, dodging an oncoming sword that slashed past his face, their swords sparking as they as they clashed. Annabeth kicked off a Karpoi and used the leverage to catapult herself onto the back of another centaur. She became the rider. Percy meanwhile, slashed at a Karpoi that launched itself at him and Annabeth blacked the spear of a centaur from impaling her boyfriend. Percy could keep up with the chaos around him and for a second thought that they could win. Hazel was riding on Arion, keeping up with any demigods in need. Lou Ellen and her mist made it easy to veer monsters off course and fight one another. Romans and Greeks fought together side by side, as one unified order. The Athena Parthenos stood proud and tall on Half-Blood Hill, giving everyone a surge of empowerment and the necessary courage to stay and fight. The gods were unified, but sadly, it just wasn't enough. Everything turned horribly wrong as Percy froze, watching a screaming comet soar through the sky, directly at the ignoramus