Disclaimer: Hello again, Victoria here. Here to bring you new and used, and personally overstated, statements of non-ownership. That I, DeaThaed, do not own anything from the Original Harry Potter universe as constructed by J.K. Rowling; including but not limited to: original characters, plot, places, and ideas. However anything not of the original universe is a product of a twisted, over-caffeinated, broken mind. Of the onetime offer to state (again I might add) that it is free. No down payment for the rest of life! Thank you for listening to this FanFiction mandatory broadcast. Enjoy your reading and have a wonderful day, morning, afternoon, evening, night… bloody hell! Whatever time it is you decide to interpret fics of the fan variety. Warning: Danger! Danger! Passing this point means you have read the above, below, and in-between statements written for your convenience and have consented that; yes, you do know that this fic is possibly written by someone that has ingested the more than recommended dose of caffeine and is possibly mad. That yes, you do know that this fic, and all fics written by the above mad person, are indeed of the slash variety and will possibly contain segments not meant for those under the age of consent. By passing this point you state that the material below will in no way give offense and that you are fully aware that the material will contain very controversial material and you will not hinder the writer by posting any comments or opinions in the flame variety. By passing this point if you, the reader, by chance decide to ignore said warning statements are liable, by fault of your own, to a verbal lashing by said mad author. Because by passing this point you are agreeing that you are taking full responsibility for something YOU , the reader, decided to do, and are in no way shape or form being made to read this fic or any other fics by aforementioned author. (This Authors ESP doesn't quite work that way) Thank you and have a wonderful… well you should have gotten the point by now? A/N I know it has been a long time since I updated this story… about 4 years in fact. I apologize, I never wanted to be one of the authors I myself hated- the ones that grab your attention and 10 chapters later leave you hanging; never updating again. I am trying to get into this again as writing is one of the biggest stress relievers I have. The last fic I updated was WWW… I need to change it up a bit to keep my mind going. So hopefully to a new start and eventually a more successful one… Allons-y! Past Present { Parseltongue} Chapter I A dark figure stood in the shadows of the door frame as he watched the man sitting at the desk; his long black hair tied loosely with a dark emerald green band. One elbow rested on the desk with his arm reaching to his head while his elegant pale fingers played with a stray strand of hair that was dangling close to the cauldron that was simmering under the man's intense green gaze. His other hand was holding a ladle, stirring counter clockwise before stopping and stirring in the opposite direction. His fingers let go of the stray hair and reached for the finely chopped scales sitting on the desk next to him before he sprinkled them into the cauldron in a circular motion. He stopped stirring long enough for the mixture to turn a soft blue color before placing a cooling charm on the cauldron and turning the fire off. He rested his head in his hands letting that stray hair flow past his hands to coil on the desk top. The silent man watched for a minute more before walking swiftly up to the man and circling his arms around his shoulders. Resting his cheek on the top of the man's head and sniffed the man's hair. "Oh my beautiful Salazar, why waste a life trying to find a cure for me when you can join me and we can save the life for our childe." He whispered into the locks as one of his hands absently rubbed circles across Salazar Slytherins stomach. One Harry potter sat in the window sill starring absently into the blizzard that was currently encompassing the Castle of Hogwarts School of witch craft and wizardry. His knees brought to his chest and circled by one arm, his other led to the hand currently playing with his hair. His emerald eyes watched the swirling snow lazily, as if it could help bring him from his thoughts; the memories of this night and the night that started it all but above all the words whispered in his ears. {Earlier that year) Truth be told, Harry had never been able to sleep very well at night, for reasons unknown to him. And since Sirius death he just found himself wondering more around the school after curfew. It was the best time to think. The first time he had seen the dark figure marching back to the school, Harry had almost let the man be. Almost being the key word. For that first night he had just watched as his professor walked through the great doors, closing them and slumping against the wall for a bracing moment just to stand back up and start walking along it unaware of the young man that watched the spot he had been a dark stain leading straight to the struggling man. To say Harry had been shocked was an understatement but the emotions that had arisen in Harry scared him even more. He squashed them down as he waved his hand at the wall cleaning the blood from sight. Swiftly walking up to the man now standing once again against the wall for support, Harry used every bit of his Gryffindor courage and quickly wrapped one of his professor's arms around his shoulder and wrapped his own around the man's waist. To the shock of Harry the man easily accepted his support as they made their way to the infirmary and the walk had been, as any outsider would say, eventful. As Harry had neared the hospital wing Snape had finally decided to look at his crutch, and to Harry, looked as if was dying of a heart attack. Trying to pry himself from the young man he very nearly landed the both of them on the floor; if it hadn't been for Harry's quick maneuvering him and the professor would have but as it was he currently he had his back against a wall griping the arms of the Professor in front of him. "Potter, release me at once." Snape had ground out between clenched teeth. But to the man's dismay Harry silently ignored his threat and pulled the man back to his side to continue walking down the hall. Harry was just glad that his potions professor had not seen the flush that now covered his face. Certainly the man would have cursed him then and there for the information or kept it as blackmail. They had walked in silence for a little while before Severus Snape finally decided to speak. "Potter, why do you insist on helping me to the infirmary? Certainly I could make it on my own without the help of a simpleton that barely knows his way around his own head." Harry let go of his professor and watched with smug satisfaction as the man slumped against the wall for support and was barely able to move. Said man now glared at him with venom thought only to belong to a snake. Again Harry stepped into his teacher's personal space fully aware of the blush that tainted his cheeks and not missing the slight widening of the man's eyes in front of him. "Professor Snape," Harry watched as the man seemed to hold his breath at the stressed s's that made it sound as if he was hissing. "I'm helping you to the infirmary whether I have to stun you and carry you over my shoulder like a child. If you would rather walk on your own, show me you are able to and I will walk away to finish my musings. Though you'll probably pin it to my idiotic Griffindorish tendencies but I am much more partial to throwing you over my shoulder. Seeing as you would probably curse me the second I let you go, I thought it would be much simpler to assist you this way for the both of us." Harry paused to look the taller man in the eye. "Notice that the second I let go you were unable to walk without any assistance; I WILL be helping you to the infirmary. Are we clear?" he watched Snapes dark eyes flicker from shock to anger then to amusement. "Well it seems that you do have a brain every once in a while. Too bad you don't use it in your studies." Snape then had pushed Harry away and let the boy help him the remainder ten feet to the infirmary. Once Harry had managed to get his professor into the hospital wing and into a bed, he went to wake the medi witch. Needless to say Pomfrey had been less then pleased with Harry for waking her in the middle of the night then Snape had been for assisting him, when there seemed to be nothing wrong with him. And for this outrage she had screeched at him for several minutes before she saw the amused professor behind him. Quickly running to her patient Harry watched as she healed the gash in Snapes side and administered potions that he learned helped with the after effects of being under the Cruciatus; what was causing the Professor to be unsteady and shaky on his feet. When she had completed she had tried to usher him out of the infirmary to leave her 'patient' be, much to the displeasure of Snape who had immediately stopped her ranting by saying he was completely capable of resting in his own quarters but first he had a student out after hours to escort back to his dorm. And the two had immediately left. They had walked in silence for most of the walk to Gryffindor tower before Snape suddenly stopped and pushed Harry in a small alcove a few feet away from the portrait. His back met the wall as the man came closer in what would have been a completely intimidating way if not for the last hour's events. "Potter I will forget you were out after hours in exchange that you never mentioned what transpired this night." Snape had growled at him. Harry had merely glanced up at the man with a smirk and merely answered cheekily, " Now sir what would that have been?" Snape gaze settled on him for a solid minute before pushing away from him. "Minus ten from Gryffindor for your cheek." he said as he walked towards the portrait hole turning to make sure harry hadn't disappeared. Harry said the password and was walking through the entrance when he heard Snape whisper to himself. "Thank you Potter" {Earlier that night} Harry was walking down the hallway during his routine midnight stroll as he had for the last year. He had learned a long time ago how to avoid patrolling teachers and feline but sometimes life became too boring and he would walk into a teacher "unawares" just to receive detention; he purposefully began to seek a certain Sarcastic Dungeon Bat after a certain amount of time. Just something to disrupt the same routine his life had become. And sometimes he almost thought Snape didn't mind so much either after that first night at the beginning of the school year. The night still made him smile though he would try to deny it. Harry had helped his professor many