I don't own Harry Potter. I make no money from this. I only do this for fun. I hope you enjoy. If you gathered together all the Weasley children together and asked them, Ron would probably be the third to tell you that he wasn't the brightest of the bunch. Third, rather than first, only because Fred and George would likely have already offered his name upon hearing the question. He never really had either of their quick wit or Charlie and Bill's command of spells. Ginny, albeit still a bit young to judge, was definitely turning more into a Percy "I-Made-Outstanding-O.W.L.S.-Because-The-Ministry-Expects-Nothing-Less" Weasley type than a Ron. No doubt about it, of all the tools in the Weasley shed, Ron was certainly the dullest. For a moment, his pen slumped defeatedly in his hand. 'Hey!' His brain suddenly chimed in, fighting back against the sudden plummet in esteem and focus. 'But that doesn't matter because you've been studying for bloody ages today!' Ron thought the point over for a moment before nodding. His brain was right. He had been studying today; and for a long time! Sure, Hermione had threatened to hex his hair blond if he didn't give her and Harry at least the morning of uninterrupted quiet-study, but the why's didn't matter when the work got done in the end. Ron took a glance at the parchment by his hand and quickly counted the four—almost five, he added proudly—pages of notes he had taken and leaned back in his chair, a satisfied smirk crossing his lips. 'Surely, they need a break as well!' his thoughts continued, 'after all, it's been what?' Ron took a quick glance at the clock and nearly gasped. 'Thirty minutes!' he mentally exclaimed, 'That's nearly a quarter century to be wasting away, nose in some book!' Ron frowned to himself, his face settling with a grave certainty. Thirty minutes was more than enough time spent studying to warrant a break. Just to see how they were coming along. Hermione would surely understand. He felt almost liberated as he walked out of the library, as if an unspoken judgement was lifted from his shoulders. Eagerly, he sped down the corridors, a skip in his step. He couldn't suppress a smirk as he brushed past a group of third years nervously making their way to their next potions class. Quickly telling the Fat Lady the password, Ron sped inside the Gryffindor dormitory and jumped to the duo's usual table by the fireplace. "Hey Harry, Hermione!" he said brightly, round the corner, "You lot want to take a break, or wha-" Ron paused. He blinked "Neville?" The boy, Neville, looked up sheepishly. "Uh…" he stammered, hesitating nervously tapped his quill on his book and tried to smile. "Hey, Ron." "Where's Harry?" Ron blurted out. "And Hermione?" Neville shifted uncomfortably under Ron's disappointed gaze. "I, uh…I saw Harry go down to the Great Hall earlier this morning?" "This morning?" Ron shot back, "But haven't they been studying in here all day?" Neville shook his head slowly, waving a hand across his sprawled-out desk. "It's been just me and my notes since just before breakfast." Ron frowned. This was not a welcome development. Hermione had been quite…explicit in her demand for quiet, yesterday. But for them to have left him alone? To just study on his own? To make matters worse, Neville was clearly not appreciating the gravity of this situation. If something had been so important as to distract Harry and Hermione from studying, it would have to be something big. Like, adventure big. …Or lunch, he mentally added as his stomach gave a weak growl. Either way, unacceptable. 'And to think', he scowled mentally, 'I almost missed out for studying !' "The Great Hall, you said?" The Great Hall, Ron noticed upon arrival, was nearly deserted. Some third year Hufflepuffs were eating leftovers by the front, and he was he noticed a group of Ravenclaws being nerds by one of the many fireplaces. "Feh." He whispered to himself, pityingly. And to think, that had almost been him . Scanning the room further, Ron found what he had been looking for. A bushy mop of deep brown hair alongside a less curly but equally unruly head of jet black hair. The bloody bastards. They were here without him! "Well, well." Ron began sanctimoniously as he approached. "If it isn't the two flakey friends who ditch their best mate—" Thunk . "—And leave him studying while they're out –" Thunk. Ron squinted as he rounded on the two, coming up to the table. "What the bloody hell is that nois-?" Thunk. The redhead watched in total horror as Harry, who had been absently spinning his wand in his hand suddenly flicked his wrist. The wooden stick gave a faint, reddish glow before thunk- ing as it embedded itself nearly three centimeters into the wood of the table like a dagger. "HARRY!" Startled, both Harry and Hermione turned to the sudden proclamation. Harry's confusion soon dissipated, gaving way to a welcoming smile upon seeing his friend. "Oh, Ron!" he said, cheerily, as he pulled his wand from the wood and began idly twirling it in his hand once more. "We've been wondering where you've been." Thunk. "Harry!" The Potter scion blinked owlishly. "I feel like we've established that already, mate." "What the blood hell are you doing to the table? Have you lost your mind?" Harry stared blankly in response, confused at the accusation before realization dawned. "Oh!" he replied, pulling his wand out of the wood and pointing to the gash that remained. "You mean this?" Ron had other words to say to his friend's sudden insanity, but feared if he opened his voice he'd find nothing, so he opted instead to just nod. Harry gave a laugh. "Oh, mate." He assured his friend, rubbing his fist over the slowly healing wood and finishing with slight jazz hands as the crack grew over on the table. "Tada! Not a problem! Self-healing tables." Ron likely had a response for what he was witnessing, but he found that it suddenly failed him, too. The only thing that broke him from his current shock was a new confusion across the table from him. Hermione, who had been silent for the entirety of the duo's interaction, had suddenly cursed under her breath as she poured over what looked like her wand and… Ron watched in utter confusion as a he thought heard a small sizzling sound and a saw thin waft of smoke suddenly floated into the air. "Hermione." He called out. "Hmm?" the tanned girl absently replied. Ron's brain sputtered. Wait. Tan? No. Not tan. Hermione's normally paper white skin had become a deep, caramel brown. The girl's hair, ever an unruly forest of chocolate brown curls, sprawled out untamable across identical facial features only shades darker. Ron suddenly felt a deep flush rush to his cheeks. "Her—Hermione!" Ron squeaked, barely able to blink, much less process the new development. "You're…You're…" The girl looked up, suddenly revealing a pair of safety glasses protecting warm, hazel eyes. "Busy?" she offered with a small smirk. " Black ." Beside him, Harry coughed loudly and gave a cautious glance around the room. "Well shit, Ron." He chuckled nervously. "Just shout it out, why don't you?" Ron's face turned the same color as his hair at the realization of what he had just yelled and he ducked down, as if to hide in the empty dining hall. The witch, taking all of this in too easy a stride for Ron's liking, rolled her eyes with a smile and returned to her project. When the Weasley found his voice again, he brought a hand to the bridge of his nose and pinched hard. "Okay." He started slowly. "Someone needs to start telling me what the bloody hell is going on?" "Well," Harry said, tilting his shoulder to the side and revealing a map of Europe with dozens of small marks carved into it courtesy of his wand/knife combo. "I was just trying to plan out my Christmas holiday and Hermione, here, was helping me with suggestions." "Oh," Ron replied blankly, "You're going on a vacation?" "More or less," Harry said, waving a hand across his map. "You're welcome to join! I'm still going through options." Ron returned Harry's bright invitation with blank stare. "I- I'll be at the Burrow for Christmas I can't..." Harry gave a small shrug, un-phased by his friend's answer, and returned diligently to his map. "Rome?" He offered. Hermione didn't look to face him, but made a disinterested groan. "Too…Italian." Harry reached up and pinched the bridge of his nose, pushing up his glasses in exasperation. "But you said the same thing about Athens this morning." Hermione, clearly not fazed, merely shrugged. "They can think they're special and different all they want. It's basically the same country." "I mean that," Harry began leaning back incredulously, "I don't even know where to start with that statement." "Don't blame me." Hermione shot back, "You're the one who turned down Ludwigshafen." "That's because if we're going to go to Germany, we're going to go to a proper city like Essen." Ron, suddenly aware he hadn't spoken in what felt like five minutes, found his voice once more. "Hi, sorry." He interjected knocking his hand on the table to gather everyone's attention, "It's me, Ron. Best mate, remember? But, yeah…have you lot gone mental?" "Mental?" Harry queried, innocently. Ron boggled as he received a look that somehow implied that he was the crazy one here. "O.W.L.S." Ron said bluntly, taking time to accentuate each letter of the acronym. "As in the test that goes on to decide what we get to do with our lives? As in the test you two demanded I be preparing for before we even got to school?" Ron struggled for a moment to find a better way to convey the enormity of the situation amidst the blank stares he was receiving. "As in bloody important and the pre-test is next week." Harry, for his part, grimaced and tilted his head from side to side as if weighing the legitimacy of Ron's claim. "Well…" he said slowly, "It's just the pre-test, though." Ron leaned heavily on the table and inhaled deeply. "I'm dreaming." He whispered to himself. "Yep, that's it. I've fallen asleep on my books and I'm going to wake up with ink on my face and Hermione being pale and Harry not defacing school property and all of this will just be a silly, silly dream." Hermione, until now completely ignoring the boy's theatrics, responded without moving her focus in the slightest. "You're awake, Ron." "No, I'm not." The redhead shot back immediately. Harry gave a small chuckle and shook his head. "I'm afraid so, mate." "No." Ron continued, leveling an accusatory finger at Harry. "No. Because if I was dreaming, I sure as hell wouldn't have dreamt of wasting the thirty minutes of my precious Saturday studying for a test we don't even have till after HOLIDAYS. " At the outburst, Hermione and Harry exchanged a look somewhere in between confusion and amusement before responding. "Well…" Harry offered tentatively, "Sorry?" Ron made a stained, strangled noise in his throat that reminded Harry of Hippogriffs mating. "Okay…" the Weasley finally replied after composing himself. "Okay. One of you better start explaining things to me right now or so help me I'll hex you both. Let's start with why you stopped studying for a test." "Well –" "For a test!" Ron interrupted aggressively, "I'll remind you, in which you both spent the entire train ride here convincing me I needed to be studying for." At this, Harry gave a slight groan, bobbing his head uncertainly. "I've been doing some soul searching. " Ron closed his eyes and slowly entered the bench between them, only opening them again slowy once he was seated. "Soul searching?" Harry nodded gravely. "In the first three weeks