A/N: Normally, I do these at the end of my chapters/stories, but I feel the need to do one at the beginning. This is the original Werewolf Child story. The one I took down because I kept receiving negative reviews on it. This was a petty reason to take down a story that I know many people did enjoy. My only reasoning behind why I ultimately did it was because I was having a particularly rough day with my depression and anxiety on the day that I received many of the negative reviews. I have been having a very difficult time handling my depression and finding the motivation again to write. Part way through Grim Child—5 years ago—I started hating my writing style, how I was portraying characters, everything. This is why I went back to square one after years of trying to force myself to write the next chapter; the series that I considered my pride and joy was becoming a burden to me to write and I found no enjoyment in it anymore. This is why the edited version has come out (though life keeps me too busy to really write that one too.) In the edited version, I was able to make clear everything that I had wanted to be in this version, and now that I'm older I'm able to formulate my thoughts and ideas better. I'm proud of the new version, but I have to give the original credit where it's due. So, to Darlarose17—who has been one of my most faithful readers and reviewers—I sincerely apologize to you for taking this down in the first place. Thank you for helping me see the good in the original again. I wish I could promise all of you that I'll be better about writing more often and updating more frequently, but the fact of the matter is, is that I can't make that promise anymore. But what I want to ask all of you is to review…help me get that motivation back. It does help me immensely in finding motivation, even if it's a paragraph at a time. Thank you everyone. And thank you again, Darlarose17. Luv, GOM Chapter One Remus John Lupin was screwed. And not in a good way. No, in fact, the "good way" is what got him into this situation in the first place. Yes, Remus John Lupin, was pregnant at just twenty years old. He was pacing up and down his living room, trying to believe the concept that he could be pregnant. This is impossible, he thought. Irrational and impossible! Other people get pregnant...I just didn't think it would happen to me. Remus flopped on his couch on his stomach. The very place the child inside of him was growing. Remus groaned, rolled over, and covered his face with his hands. "I'm screwed," he breathed to himself. "Why are you screwed, Moony?" Came the concerned voice of his best friend, Sirius Black. Remus spun around and stared at Sirius. "S-Sirius, I didn't realize you were home...I thought you had a date with Eris?" "Nah," Sirius replied, hopping over the back of the couch and plopping in a seat. "That's later today. Now," Sirius looked Remus square in the eyes. "Why are you screwed?" Remus took a deep breath and said in a rush, "I'mtwomonthspregnant!" Sirius blinked. "Ok, slow down and repeat." "I'm two months pregnant." Sirius' jaw dropped. "Is it yours?" Remus hit Sirius upside the head with a book that was laying on the coffee table. "Idiot mutt, of course it's mine...I'm the one who's pregnant!" Sirius rubbed the back of his head. "Right, my bad, mate. So..." Sirius said awkwardly. "Who's the dad?" Remus hugged himself. "I don't want to talk about it." Sirius held his hands up. "Alright, I won't make you. But...what are you gonna do with the kid?" "I'm going to keep it," Remus said. "Wow," Sirius sighed. "Well, if you need help, I'm here for you." Remus smiled. "I know, Sirius. Thank you." There was a knock on the door and a tall blond haired, hazel eyed girl walked in. "Hi, Remy, Siri! Siri, you ready?" Sirius smiled. "You bet I am Eris!" Sirius turned back to Remus. "I'll see you later, yeah?" Remus nodded and Sirius and Eris left. Once the door shut, Remus placed his hand on his stomach. "I'm going to protect you, little one. I will love you enough to equal the love of ten parents. We don't need your father. Just you watch." Chapter Two Remus walked into the apartment he and Sirius shared carrying a gigantic stack of books he just bought from Flourish and Blotts. He was struggling to close the door when he felt his books yanked from his arms and was met with the very angry face of Sirius. Remus gulped as he saw the look of pure rage on his friends face. "Hello, Padfoot," Remus nervously chuckled. "Don't 'Hello, Padfoot' me! What in the name of Merlin's hat were you thinking?! You are pregnant , Remus! You can't carry things like this!" Sirius growled. Remus blanched and cupped his stomach in his hands. "I-I forgot." "You forgot ?" Sirius asked skeptically. "How could you forget something so important!?" Remus sank onto the couch, face buried in hands. "I don't know." Sirius' expression softened as he sank down next to his roommate and pulled him into a hug. "I'm sorry, Remus. I didn't mean to yell at you. It's just...you need to be more careful. Promise me you'll be more careful next time, alright?" Remus rested his head on Sirius' shoulder and hugged his best friend tight. "I promise, Sirius," he whispered. Sirius patted his back. "Good." He then turned his attention to the books Remus bought. "Looks like you cleaned out another section in Flourish and Blotts." Remus laughed. "And some of the back room, actually. They are pregnancy books and books on infant and child care." Sirius laughed and released his friend. Remus smiled. "Wanna help me put them on the new shelf I have in my room?" Sirius rolled his eyes good naturedly. "Sure." Remus beamed. "Great!" He barked with laughter as he hopped off of the couch which received a glare from Sirius. Remus looked contrite. "Right...sorry. Force of habit." "Old habits die hard, Remus, remember that." Sirius said, eyes stern. Remus nodded and made his way to his room. Sirius followed, levitating the books behind him. Later that night, Remus was awoken by the horrible urge to use the toilet. He rushed to the bathroom and quickly relieved himself. As he was washing his hands, he thought, This is getting ridiculous! I've gone to the bathroom at least four times within the past hour! Ugh! His thoughts paused as he thought of the man who did this to him. Curse him to the eighth circle of Hell. Chapter Three Two months had passed without much incident. Remus kept his promise to Sirius and had been more careful. Though, he was curious as to why his immature friend was taking such a keen interest in his pregnancy. He quickly shook off the thoughts. He was very happy about being pregnant. It, for some odd reason, made it so he didn't have to change! For the first time since he was six years old, Remus felt like a normal person...well, as normal as a pregnant wizard can feel, anyway. Though, his pregnancy was a little overwhelming at times. He experienced morning sickness from the very beginning of it and was always exhausted. That, and he had major mood swings. But, his first trimester was finally over! A knock on his bedroom door started Remus out of his musings. "Come in!" Sirius opened the door and smiled. "G'morning, Moony! How're you feeling?" Remus smiled. "Better." Sirius beamed. "Glad to hear it. So, listen, I just got done talking to James through the Floo. He wanted to know if we wanted to go to The Three Broomsticks with him and Lily for lunch. What do you think?" Remus thought for a moment before nodding. "Sounds great! I need to go to Hogwarts anyway for my appointment with Poppy." Sirius nodded and left Remus to get ready. Remus stood from his bed and walked over to his wardrobe. He opened it and looked in the mirror. Remus couldn't help the smile that spread across his face as he saw his baby bump. He rested his palms against his bare stomach and began to rub gently. Remus frowned slightly as his ministrations brought no response from the baby within him. "Come on," he whispered. "Kick, for me? Please, kick for...Huh, I don't know what I'm supposed to call myself," Remus chuckled. "Technically, little one, I'm your mother. But, you can't really call me Mama, can y-oh!" The second Remus said 'Mama' the baby inside him kicked. "Okay, then," Remus announced. "I'm Mama!" The baby kicked again in agreement. Smiling and humming, Remus put on a pair of gray trousers, belt on slightly loose to accommodate his bump, a blue silk shirt, and a winter traveling cloak was slung over his arm. He pulled on socks and shoved his feet in his shoes. Remus walked to the kitchen and began to make himself some breakfast. Sirius walked out of the bathroom and smiled. He walked up to the werewolf, grabbed him from behind, and dipped him as though they were dancing. "Good morning, dear! Are you making breakfast for your fabulous husband?" (A/N: Sirius and Remus are not actually married. Sirius just said this as a joke.) Sirius righted Remus and the two started laughing. "Oh, yes, sugarplum," Remus said between laughter. "It's called 'Make It Yourself'!" Sirius quirked an eyebrow. "Who just calls someone 'sugarplum'?" Remus stuck his tongue out at the Animagus and proceeded to make his eggs, bacon, and toast. Once the two of them had their own breakfast and were sitting at the table, it became slightly awkward. Sirius kept on acting like he wanted to say something, but stopped at the last second. Annoyed, Remus finally cried out, "For Merlin's sake, Sirius! Just say it!" Sirius stared in shock. Remus was usually calm and rarely yelled at anyone, especially him. "Alright...Remus...who is the father of your child?" Remus' eyes grew cold. "I told you two months ago, Sirius. I don't want to talk about it." Remus stood abruptly and left the kitchen. Sirius, however, was persistent and followed. "You can't avoid it forever, Remus!" "Watch me," Remus growled, stalking into his room and attempting to slam the door shut in Sirius' face, but Sirius was too fast and ended up in the room anyway. "It's his right to know he's going to be a father!" Sirius pleaded. "I don't care!" Remus yelled back, stubbornly. "How bad could it possibly be, huh? Just tell me!" Sirius grabbed Remus by the shoulders as the shorter man tried to turn away. The baby was kicking something fierce because of Remus' distress. Remus placed a palm on his stomach in an attempt to placate the infant inside him. Sirius shook Remus' shoulders gently, as to not harm the baby. "Tell me!" "IT'S SNAPE, ALRIGHT?!" Remus yelled at the top of his lungs. There was a pregnant silence in which Sirius released his grip on Remus' shoulders. "Happy now?" Remus panted. "You...slept with... Snape ?" Sirius asked, stunned. Remus sank onto his bed, ashamed. "Yes." Sirius sat down next to Remus. "You already told him...didn't you?" Remus nodded and rubbed at the tears in his eyes. "I told him after Poppy told me." "How'd it happen? Was it a one night stand or...?" Remus laughed humorlessly. "We were actually dating for only three months. We had sex once . The night my baby was conceived." Sirius nodded. "What was his reaction?" "He told me I was lying. That I was just saying that to trap him." Remus started sobbing then. Sirius gathered Remus in his arms and