Authors Note: This entire story is based around one of my headcannons on tumblr "the reason that the marauders finally become animagi in fifth year is because that's when it could wait no longer. When fifteen year old Remus had his growth spurt Moony went crazy. Although the boys had all been trying hard to get their animagis form, it wasnt until pubescent Moony left remus in the hospital for a week and a half that they tripled their efforts. Two months later, Moony, Wormtail, Padffot, and Promgs had their first full moon together." Also, pretty, pretty please cherry on top leave a comment! I will keep writing anyway, but it will happen much faster if I know that there are people want to read what I have to write. They only way that I know that people have this stpry is if you review or favorite it. Wow, that was long. Enjoy! The Day Before Remus awoke with a familiar pounding in his head, although a crazy marauders' party did not induce this one. It was the monthly reminder of what was to come in the next seventy-two hours, and he was not at all excited. Only yesterday he had been at the peak of his energy for the month, when the wolf had just begun to enter into Remus's mind. He would have been willing to take on an aggressive dragon had one presented itself, and now he was barely willing to take on the day. At first he simply lay in bed, mentally preparing himself for the day ahead, until he heard the telltale cracking of the back that told him that James was awake. James was always cracking his bones in the mornings after quidditch practices. Usually Remus couldn't bother to care, but today it ignored him. "He gets to do it out of leisure, and in two days time my bones will be broken by force," He thought to himself. " Calm down," but even though he knew that it was only the pre-moon symptoms, he still allowed the thoughts to fester. "Mornin' Remus." Said James gaily, placing his glasses on his face as his shoulder made a loud cracking noise too. His black hair was a rustled mess, but that was the way he liked it, and even in his grouchy mood Remus knew better than to criticize it. Remus simply nodded in response, and as he did so his stiff neck cracked in a rather painful way, as would the rest of his bones and joints as the day wore on. Tiredly, he reached over to his bed stand and opened the top drawer, where he pulled out a container of Advil, a muggle medicine that his mother had given him to help with the pain. Even though Madam Pomfrey had stronger potions that worked more effectively against his condition, he enjoyed using the things that his mother gave him, as they provided a small comfort. Sirius and Peter continued to sleep, as Remus slowly began to get ready for the day. He went to go take a shower, as he needed something to wake him up and he knew that by tonight he would be too exhausted to take one. When he returned twenty minutes later he was glad, but not surprised, to see that his robes and socks had already been placed on his bed, courtesy of James. Lethargically, he began to pull his robes over his head. He moved more like a man of fifty, rather than a newly turned boy of fifteen. His birthday had been only last week, and for perhaps that 20th time in the last fortnight, he was thankful that it was not a week later. After taking nearly 10 minutes to get into his uniform and robes, Sirius and Peter began to awaken. The rest of the boys did their best to help Remus during the full moon time of month, but they also reaped rewards from his disability. When they were younger, all four of them would wake up together and help to get Remus ready. As time went on and Remus became more and more tired and on edge around the full moon, they came up with a better system. One boy would wake up early with him, and the other two would sleep in. They always went down to breakfast late around the full moon, because Remus couldn't stand the noise of the mail owls and the overwhelming scents of the food. Instead, they came in at the very end once everything had quieted down. While the other boys quickly got dressed, Remus tied his shoes while trying to ignore his pounding headache. He got up from his bed, and stretched his lengthening body. In the last two months he must have grown a good three inches, and while he certainly didn't mind the extra height, it seemed that the growth was making the wolf particularly anxious. When at last all four boys were ready, they grabbed their book bags, climbed down the steps to the common room, and exited from the Fat Lady. James walked in front, his messy hair standing up in all directions and his glasses slipping down his nose. Short Peter walked next to him, rubbing the sleep from his watery blue eyes. Sirius lagged behind them next to Remus, tying his tie as they walked down the stairs, not caring about his appearance due to them being the only ones left in the tower. "Make way for your elders Pete," teased Remus as he shoved past Peter to make it through the portrait hole. As he clambered through, a very audible "pop" echoed out from his knee. Still, Remus walked on with an almost-normal pace. While he may be grouchy, irritable, tired, and stiff today, it wasn't until tomorrow that he would be too weak to function, and he was determined to use his last twenty-four hours to their full potential. At first, the four boys were uncharacteristically quiet, for Peter and Sirius were still waking up. That is, until a third year came running past them, probably to fetch something from her dormitory before class. As she ran past, Sirius's eyes followed her, until he whipped his head back forward, a sly smile on his face. "Merlin's pants, Sirius! A third year? Please tell me that you haven't exhausted the castle's entire resource of our age witches." Remus exclaimed in a hushed angry voice. Sirius simply rolled his eyes. "Bloody hell Moony, just breathe. No one said that I have but I have to weigh my options in case I do. But you'll never know. You lot know I don't kiss and tell." Peter smirked, Remus sneered, and James burst out into laughter. "Right! You don't kiss and tell, you kiss and yell it to the whole world!" Good thing that they were no longer on the staircase, or Sirius would have pushed James right over the handrail. When they arrived at their destination there were only ten minutes left for breakfast, so they quickly plopped into their usual seats. James began to pile his plate high with eggs and sausage, and craned his neck, which gave a satisfying crack, as he scanned the Gryffindor table for Lily Evan's pillar of fiery red hair. "She's over there," said Peter with an exasperated sigh, pointing over to the Slytherin table with his fork. At this, Sirius whipped his head around, his eyes narrowing in revulsion. "What's she doing over there ?" he said as he buttered his toast. "Talking to Snivellus." Stated Remus matter -of-factly as he nibbled on a sausage. As the full moon got closer he usually would not be able to keep down much food, no matter how hungry he was. But since he still had 36 hours until the true horror began, he decided he needed to put some type of energy in his body. "About what?" prodded James, whining like a little kid. Remus strained his ears, allowing his heightened senses to pick up the words. In a whispered tone, he heard Lily say "…just tell me what you guys have been doing Sev. Please! Mary was telling me about some suspicious things that's been happening to first years, just tell me that you didn't have anything to do with it!" Remus could hear the desperation in her voice, the silent plea. Since becoming prefects at the beginning of the year, he and Lily had become incredibly close. He hated that she hung out with those slime ball Slytherins, and a sneer grew on his face when he heard Severus's reply. "Lils, it's not like that-" "Sev, I don't know what's wrong with you lately! First that Hufflpuff girl that ended up in the hospital wing, but you said that that was all Mulciber's fault. And now this!" "Lils-," "I have to go to charms, see you later Sev." Said Lily abruptly, and with that she stormed out of the Great Hall, her head held high. Remus looked at James, who was looking back at him eagerly. "They're in a small fight it seems." stated Remus. He couldn't help but smile at the joyous look on James's face. The boys all took a moment longer to enjoy their breakfasts, until they stretched up from their seats and headed to class. As they stood, James cracked his knuckles, and Remus's thoughts turned bitter " So bloody arrogant, a show off, going around cracking every fucking part of him for the pure bliss." As unnecessary anger flowed through him, Remus forcefully swung his bag over his shoulder, causing a painful kink in his shoulder to pop, and he winced in the slightest annoyance. Rather adamantly, Peter insisted that he carry Remus's bag, and they set off towards charms class. They were working on silencing charms today, and Remus couldn't be happier with the timing. They had broken up into partners, and were then meant to try to yell their names once the charm had been cast. Remus was enjoying the blissfully quiet class, until Oliver Zeller accidentally said the color change spell instead, and when his partner yelled out in his now magnificently fuchsia colored robes, his yell echoed around in the otherwise silent classroom. While everyone mostly ignored the outcry, Remus immediately covered his ears with his hands. " Fucking pillock," he whispered through gritted teeth. The drumming in his head, which had become subdued since breakfast, suddenly came back in full force. "Calm down Remus," said Sirius, giving him a rather sympathetic smile. In response, Remus fired at Sirius the very same silencing charm that they were working on. "Just shut up will you!" He exclaimed, grabbing his pounding head. Peter, James, and Sirius exchanged a knowing look, and promptly switched up the groups that they were working in. James went with Remus, being the least likely to agitate him. The rest of class went smoothly, and when the four marauders headed off to transfiguration, everything was on track for a day prior to the full moon. In class they had been assigned to be turning owls into eyeglasses, but when James had produced four pairs of eyeglasses in varying degrees of beauty, he decided to transfigure Sirius's hand into a lobster claw instead. Professor McGonagall saw this, and although she did not deduct any points, she did give a harsh reprimand. "Mr. Potter, may I remind you again that we will not be starting human transfiguration until next year. "But Professor, this is so much cooler than when I turned Peter's nose into a button!" James pointed out. At this, Professor McGonagall suppressed a smile. With a wave of her wand she returned Sirius's hand to its normal state. "That, I will admit." At the end of class the four boys were the last ones packing up, and McGonagall silently appeared behind them carrying a thick, brick red book in her arms. She handed it to James with a wink, and