This is being re-posted from annaisawesome's account, basically she lost all her account details but we'd decided we wanted to finish the story, so here's what she posted originally and what we've written now. Renesmee opened her eyes to the harsh sunlight that filled her room. She laid there allowing herself to take in her surroundings. Her alarm started beeping. Rolling out of bed she hit the off button and switched the annoying little clock off. Grabbing her silk dressing gown she walked to her bedroom door and out onto the hallway. She could hear her parents muttering in the living room downstairs. She made her way gracefully down the stairs and into the kitchen. Renesmee wandered over to the fridge, and removing one of the blood pouches she made her way to the overly large living room where she found her parents sitting on the sofa looking completely relaxed. "How'd you sleep Ness?" Her father asked with kind eyes. "Fine, I guess. Do I really have to go to school today? I like being able to do whatever I want here." "Nessie, you've got forever to do whatever you want. So yes you do have to go to school today." Her mother said in her usual gentle voice. They all sat together in the room while Renesmee finished her drink. When she'd finally finished she picked herself up and took the pouch to the kitchen where she dropped the empty pouch in the bin. Running up stairs Renesmee went to her room with all intentions of getting ready for her first day at her new school. It was the one thing that Renesmee hated about moving. This was definitely the biggest move yet, and possibly the scariest. Every other move they'd made had been easy compared to this, she'd always had all her family, everyone. Carlisle, Esme, Jasper, Alice, Rosalie and Emmet. Not forgetting Jacob, Jacob had been there as long as she could remember. But he wasn't here now, none of them were, she only had her parents and that was scary. She'd never understood why her parents had wanted to make the move from the States to the UK. "Ness? Come on gorgeous, we're going to be late." Edwards words cut through her thoughts and she realised she'd been stood rooted to the spot for nearly half an hour. She ran around her room in a blur, hurrying to get ready for school. She stood in front of her mirrored wardrobe doors and looked carefully at her reflection. Her slim legs were covered by the thin black tights, her pleated skirt sat perfectly on her hips stopping just above her knee. Her white fitted blouse clung wonderfully to her upper body, and her purple cardigan sat neatly on her shoulders. Her wavy long bronze coloured hair fell beautifully down her back. Her face was pale and clean of make up, she'd never seen the point of wearing any, she had the beauty of a vampire, she didn't need anything else. She glanced to her right where her dressing table sat, she gazed at the picture of her and Jacob, and then picked up the promise bracelet that Jake had made for her nearly sixteen years ago. She fastened the bracelet around her wrist as she walked from the room grabbing her shoes and bag in the process. She could hear the sound of the cars engine out by the front of the house. She walked through the hallway towards the front door. Gently closing the front door behind her. She skipped across to the car, trying to look cheerful for her parents when really she was wishing to be with her lovely Jake. She slipped into the backseat of the car and Edward pulled away from the house and started the long drive to the gates of their property. They chatted calmly on the forty five minute drive to Renesmee's new school. Eventually they made their way up the small side roads that led up to the school. Edward pulled the car into a space just round the corner from the school. Bella twisted round in her seat and gazed at her beautiful daughter. She could see Renesmee desperately trying to hide the fact that she was ridiculously nervous. I'm not surprised Bella thought to herself Renesmee' s abnormal growth patterns meant that she could never stay in one school for long. She'd looked like a sixteen year old for nearly three years, but now she was actually sixteen Bella and Edward had decided with Carlisle's help, that it was time to send the young girl back to school. Bella smiled at Renesmee before turning back around and climbed gracefully from the car. Finally Renesmee slid out the car and joined her parents on the pavement. Her Dad shut the car door behind her and they walked up the road towards the school together. It was just about ten o'clock on a Monday morning so the school day had already started as the small family walked through the black electronic gates and towards the schools main reception. The clear glass doors parted as they moved towards them. The smiling receptionist greeted the from behind the clear white desk. "Hello, how can I help you?" "Hello" Edward said kindly "My daughter is being enrolled in the school today." "Oh right, okay then, let me just call the Principle... Renesmee Cullen? Is that right?" "Yes." Renesmee said calmly nodding her heard as well. The receptionist nodded and tapped away on her keyboard. She looked up smiling again and said kindly "The Principle will be with you in just a second, please take a seat over there whilst you wait." The three of them walked over to the small seating area opposite the receptionists desk. As they sat Bella and Edward began to talk in soft voices to each other. Whilst Renesmee looked around the room. Along the walls were shelves filled with examples of work from all different years of the school. As she gazed around the room she noticed as small but serious looking man making his way down the stairs, behind him a tall, slim black woman followed holding a small book. When the pair reached the bottom of the stairs they turned and began approaching the small family sitting in the reception. "Hello there, I'm Mr Jones, the principle of this school. This here is Mrs West the Head teacher of Pegasus College. The man held out his hand and shook the hands of each of the three people. Edward replied saying "Hello, I'm Edward, this is my wife Bella and our daughter Renesmee." "Well its very nice to meet you all. I do hope Renesmee will be very happy here." He smiled kindly at Renesmee and she got the impression that he was a nice man but probably quite stern as well. She must of been right because Edward nodded ever so slightly at her. "Okay, so Mrs West here has Renesmee's class schedule and planner. So if you don't have any questions we should get Renesmee settled in." As Mr Jones spoke Mrs West handed Renesmee the small book and a piece of paper. Looking down at the small book Renesmee realised it was the student planner and the piece of paper was her schedule. Renesmee said goodbye to her parents and after Bella had fussed over whether or not she had everything, she was left with the two teachers. Mr Jones began to speak "Okay Renesmee, Mrs West will show you around and take you to your first class. Good luck." With that he nodded to her and walked off. Mrs West looked at her and said "Come on then, I'll show you around." They walked off down the corridor towards a large hall which Mrs West pointed out was the assemble hall. Renesmee was shown around all the different Colleges in the school. Then she was led to the canteen where she had her fingerprints taken. It was explained to her that in order to prevent students carrying around money, parents would put money on an online account that the students could use to pay for food, their thumbprints were used to access these accounts. Once this had been sorted Mrs West showed Renesmee the music block and the PE halls. She also pointed out the Sixth Form building, but didn't show Renesmee around as it was unlikely she would ever have to go there unless she decided to stay on at the school for sixth Form next year. It surprised Renesmee to learn that only thirty minutes had passed since she'd arrived at the school. But Mrs west showed her to what would be her second lesson on a Monday, Maths. Renesmee entered the room after Mrs West and met her Maths teacher, a young Australian woman named Miss Marshall. Mrs West wished her luck and spoke to a young blonde girl sitting in the second row of desks before leaving the room. The young teacher sat Renesmee in the front row in front of the blonde girl. Miss Marshall then handed her an orange book that had squared paper inside, she told her to copy out the title and then watch the demonstrations of the equations they were working on. Renesmee copied down the title and then sat paying attention to the demonstrations on the board, they were easy, or at least she thought they were, everyone else seemed confused. But then that could have been because when she'd not been allowed to go to school, her granddad Carlisle had taught her. After about five minutes the teacher set some questions for the class to work on. The noise level of the class began to rise slowly so Renesmee figured most people wouldn't bother to try the questions, but Bella had told her to try and make a good impression so Renesmee quickly completed the questions. Just as she finished she felt a slight tap on her back. She turned round slightly the blonde girl behind her was leant forwards slightly, her arm reached out to tap Renesmee again if need be. When Renesmee turned she moved her arm away. "Hi. She said. "I'm Melody, most people call me Mel. Umm so Mrs West asked me to help you out today, you know like show you to classes and stuff. So er what's your name?" "Oh ok then. My name is Renesmee, though my friends call me Nessie." The girl, Melody, opened her mouth to reply but the teacher looked up and said in a rather high pitched voice. "Girls. Unless you've finished those questions, which I doubt, you need to be focusing on your work." Melody rolled her eyes and looked down at the question she was attempting in her book. Renesmee took advantage of being finished and began to gaze around the classroom, glancing discretely at her new classmates. Unfortunately she wasn't discrete enough as Miss Marshall noticed Renesmee's wandering gaze across the room. From the slightly annoyed look on the teachers face, she thought that perhaps she wasn't the kindest or the most patient teacher in the school. The teacher made her way over to the desk Renesmee was sat at, and in a rather angry voice she began to screech over the noise of the classroom, "Young lady! Now I don't know how you did things at your last school. But here, in this room, I expect you to have finished the set work before you start aimlessly looking around." She stared down at Renesmee as though daring her to talk. Unfortunately for the teacher Renesmee had had practise in these sorts of situations and knew exactly how to act. The noise in the room began to die down as people started to watch the drama at the front of the room. Renesmee rotated her book to face the teacher and said in a clam voice, "I have finished, Miss." Miss Marshall watched Renesmee's face carefully