Rise of the Dark Coven: Summary: AU: Set at the beginning of the third year. Harry has been lied to since he entered the magical two years ago. His world is about to take a different direction when someone finally tells him the truth and helps him to become who he was meant to be. Enemies become friends and allies. Friends become enemies. Eventual Dark Harry/Multi (Coven). This story will contain common clichés (Some people still like that stuff). So it will mean multiple titles. Manipulative! Great Good! At times Evil! Dumbledore. (Dumbledore bashing) Will contain Ron bashing as well as other Weasley bashing and a few other things in the future. Sirius Black did betray the Potters but is not a supporter of Voldemort. Bellatrix Riddle married to Tom Riddle (Did not go to prison like she did in the books. Though Dumbledore and the Ministry did try but failed). They had a daughter together Delphini Riddle who is a few months older than Harry. Bella is dark sometimes evil but not insane or deranged like people believe. Nymphadora is only 5 years older than Harry not 7 years like in the canon. Dark/Evil Voldemort. This story will contain femslash but also incest between cousins so if that isn't your thing you don't have to read this story but you have been warned. There will be other warnings in the future. Does contain swearing. English is not my strong suit but I do try, so I do apologize for any mistakes. I don't have a beta at this stage. Chapter one: Bellatrix Riddle nee Black sat at the dining room table for breakfast, her two sisters Narcissa and Andromeda where also sitting at the table with her waiting for Draco and her daughter Delphini to arrive so that they were able to have breakfast. Her brother in law Lucius and her niece Nymphadora (Which she hates been called) left early for the Ministry. Lucius went to talk to the bumbling idiot that they call Minister of magic about something and her niece was in first month of Auror training. It was nice to be surround by family but her heart still ache for her husband, her one true love Tom Riddle who was also known as the Dark Lord Voldemort. She still remembers the night that she was told that her beloved had been destroyed by Harry Potter. She didn't know what happened that night when Tom went to see the Potters. Tom had Bella before he left that he was only going there to talk to them not kill them. Clearly something terrible went wrong, and her gut told her that Dumbledore was involved. It would seem that Dumbledore was behind a lot of things. When the war had end in 1981 they had discovered that muggleborn Edward Tonks had been controlling her sister Andromeda with potions and spells. Both she and Narcissa knew something was wrong when Andi had ran with the man to get married but at the time they didn't know what it was and they were powerless to do anything as they had disappeared for a while. When they were able to catch up with Andi what they had unearthed was horrifying not only was Andi being controlled but also at the time their 5 year old niece Nymphadora. They were able to break the spells and flush the potions that they both had. Once they had done that they turned their wands on Ted and interrogated him until he told them the truth. He had told them that he was ordered to do by Dumbledore. Dumbledore had given Ted the potions and the spells that he would need to control Andromeda than later on with Nymphadora. Ted explained to them that Dumbledore wanted the House of Black to be divided than to be destroyed so that Dumbledore could claim the House of Black for himself as he was the Chief Warlock. Once they had finished they staged Ted's death to look like an accident as they didn't want Dumbledore sniffing around and would end up blaming Andromeda for it. Once they learnt about this, they all decided to investigated Dumbledore quietly as they didn't want anyone to know what they were doing especially if the man himself caught wind of what they were doing. They had been able to uncover a number of disturbing things about the so call 'leader of light'. Many of them happened before any of them where born. Even with all the information they had discovered there wasn't anything they could with it, as Albus Dumbledore was too well liked and very powerful. They knew they had to wait for the right time when everyone will be able to see who the man behind his mask. Bella sighed when she heard her daughter and nephew talking to each other as they made their way to the table. "Morning Delphi, Draco did you both sleep well?" Bella said to her daughter. "Morning mother, I did sleep well." Delphi said as walked over to her mother and kissed her cheek before sitting down next to her. "Are you ready to head back to school tomorrow?" Bella asked as she watched Draco greet his mother and other Aunt. "I guess." Delphi replied sighing before picking up her fork. Before Delphini turned ten Bella had Delphini last name changed from Riddle to Corvine so Dumbledore couldn't try and use her daughter against her. It was to protect her. Those loyal to the Dark Lord and closest to the family knew the truth and vowed not to tell anyone until the right time. "Draco what about you?" Bella asked her nephew who was sitting next to his mother Narcissa. "Yes aunt Bella I am. I am looking forward to going back." Draco replied with a smirk on his face. Narcissa sighed at the smirk on her son's face knowing that Draco has something planned for this coming year at school. "I want you both to be careful while at Hogwarts. With Sirius out and about, we don't know what he is planning to do." "Filthy blood traitor. He has no right to say he is a Black when he betrayed his family." Draco spat out. He hated that he was related to the traitor "That is he. That is why you have to be more careful as he may be heading to Hogwarts this also means you have to find a way to get to the future Lord Black before he does?" Narcissa said looking at her son than niece. Draco sighed, "Are you sure that Potter is the future Lord Black?" "Yes," replied Andromeda speaking up for the first time, "He is a direct descendent for your Great Aunt Dorea Potter nee Black. When the late Lord Black died with one son dead and the other disowned it went to the next oldest sibling which happened to be Aunt Dorea and her line. If James Potter had been alive today he would have gained the title of Lord Black but as he is dead it went to his son Harry Potter." "Ok, but it doesn't explain why we have to talk to Potter before Sirius does?" Draco asked looking at his mother. Bellatrix sighed, "Because if Sirius gets to Potter first, then he can get Potter to bring him back into the family, this allowing him to be Lord Black instead of Potter and Sirius would use the power of Lord Black to destroy the rest of us. As you all know Sirius betrayed the Potters but not only that but he is also a huge Dumbledore supporter, but also Potter's godfather." "Is that why Sirius betray the Potters because James Potter was also going to be Lord Black not him?" Delphi asked the adults at the table. "We believe that is part of the reason but we are unclear on the rest though." Narcissa replied, "This is why it is very important that we get to Heir Potter first." "It's going to be near impossible to get near him, with Dumbledore keeping a close eye on him as well as Weasel keeping people away from reaching out to him." Draco scoffed. "Also it doesn't help that you insult every moment you can." Delphini said to her cousin "He insulted the Malfoy Family when he snub me and didn't shake my hand." Draco argued still very bitter about what took place on their first train ride to Hogwarts first year. "You don't listen to the gossip that travels through Hogwarts, do you? Because if you did you would know that Harry didn't grow up in the Magical world, instead he grew up with his muggle relatives. So when he first boarded the train back in our first year he knew nothing about our world or our customs. Just look at how dresses when he isn't in his school uniform you can see that he doesn't know anything about his family nor that he is wealthy or did you honestly think that he was making a fashion statement." Delphi argued back at her cousin. Sometimes Draco was blind. "He grew up in the muggle world?" Narcissa asked her niece slightly concern by this information. "That is what I have heard." "I wonder why he grew up there when their families in the magical world that would take him in and raised him." Narcissa said in deep thought. "What you have forgotten Cissa, is that Dumbledore had the Potter will sealed after they had died." Andi answered her sister's question "Just another thing to add to the list of crimes Dumbledore has committed. It's important you get to Heir Potter as soon as you can, and hopefully he will agree to hear you out and will agree to see us. We need to get him to Gringotts as soon as possible." Bella told both the teenagers at the table. "He may not be so willing to talk to anyone from the Malfoy family especially after what I tried to do at the end of last year." Lucius said as he walked into the dining room, he had just returned from the ministry when he heard his family talking about reaching out to Harry Potter. "What did you do?" Narcissa narrowed her eyes at her husband who had just sat down at the table. Lucius cringed slightly, "I may have tried to kill him when he tricked me into freeing Dobby." "YOU DID WHAT?" Narcissa screamed at her husband, "You tried to kill the Heir of the House of Black, our family, all because he tricked you? Did you completely lose your fucking mind?" Lucius cringed in fright at his wife, "Yes." He mumbled "Why the fuck would try and do that? You knew who he was to us? How important he is for our future?" Bella hissed at her idiotic brother in law. "I was mad that I was tricked by a 12 year old boy and I just lost it. Dobby stopped me before I finish saying the spell." Lucius mumbled out "Be grateful that Dobby stopped you before it could happen, because if you had killed him, you wouldn't be sitting here today and you know that." Bella hissed out in anger. Lucius knew what Bella had said was true if he had killed Harry he would be dead right now. "Ok, so it may be more difficult to get to Heir Potter because of Lucius stupidity, but all you can do is try." Bella said turning her glaze to her daughter whom may have a better chance at getting close to Harry than Draco but then again maybe not once Harry learns who Delphini really is. Both Draco and Delphini nodded their heads. "What did the Minister want with you so early this morning?" Narcissa asked her husband after she slightly calmed down at what he husband tried to do. "That he had decided with Dumbledore's support to station dementors around Hogwarts