Title: Flash Disclaimer: I made it up. Not claiming any rights, not making any money, don't bother filing a lawsuit. You'll just get a bunch of textbooks I can't sell back. Notes: While this isn't my first attempt at LotR fic, this is the first successful completion of an attempt. Understandably, it's not the greatest thing ever. Sorry. If he tried hard enough, Merry could almost fool himself into believing he was still at home, still outside Brandybuck Hall in the safety of his own backyard. Then he would catch snippets of conversations in a language he could not begin to understand and remember that for all its deceiving familiarity, he was still farther from home than he had ever been. The illusion, however brief and comforting it may have been, was inevitably revealed to be exactly that and left him in an endless cycle of disillusionment and fear. The moon had lit the trails through the wood as Strider and the rest of the hobbits arrived, weary and hungry and more than anything worried about their fallen comrade. Merry had jabbed Pippin's side when he caught his cousin openly gawking at the elves they passed. 'Well, I've never seen an elf before, Merry. Really, what am I hurting just by taking a little look?' Pippin had whispered in the darkness just before stumbling over a tree root. Merry grabbed Pippin's arm and heaved him roughly to his feet, dimly aware of laughter hanging in the air around them. His feet had dragged while he followed Aragorn's silhouetted form through the woods, assuring himself that sleep would come to him just as soon as his body was in some sort of comfortable position. Instead, he had tossed about in the ridiculously oversized bed provided for him before finally giving in and wandering outside. Stretched out on his back with one arm under his head, toes rhythmically curling and releasing the thick grass of the forest floor, Merry found himself at ease for the first time since leaving the Shire. Looking up through the treetops and catching glimpses of stars through the swaying branches, Merry realized that at least that much would always be familiar to him no matter where he might find himself. His eyes drifted shut as he took another drag from the pipe in his right hand, and as a light breeze began to scatter stray hairs across his cheeks he thought for a moment that sleep would come to him after all. A sudden snap of a twig somewhere off to his left made him sit up quickly, eyes darting around wildly. His mouth opened, the words of a plea for help forming on his tongue, when he saw a sight perhaps more familiar to him than even the stars: a mop of curly nut brown hair bobbing up and down and around the thick net of trees, followed quickly by Pippin's face appearing over the top of the hill. Merry let out a breath he hadn't known he was holding as Pippin seated himself on the ground next to him. "Hullo, Merry." "Pip," he greeted in return, careful to keep the pipe hidden by his leg. "What are you doing up?" "I could ask the same." "Yes, but I asked first." Pippin frowned for a second, then shrugged. "I dunno. Not that sleepy, I suppose." He cocked his head to the side, nose wrinkled as he leaned in and gave Merry a tentative sniff. "Have you been smoking?" "No," Merry answered cooly, pushing at his cousin's shoulder to regain his personal space. Pippin, relentless, leaned in closer and sniffed, eyes going comically wide. "Yes you have! You've been smoking, I can smell it on you! Where did you get it?" he blurted in what Merry could only presume was one breath; the older hobbit squirmed away, swatting at Pippin's hands as they started pawing over his vest. "I have not!" "Have so! Look there!" Pippin continued to argue, pointing an accusatory finger at the pipe that was revealed to him during his investigation. "You have pipe-weed, and you were keeping it secret!" "I was doing no such thing." "You were! Where did you get it?" Merry kept his tongue firmly between his teeth for several seconds to keep from throttling his dear uncle Paladin's only son. When he opened his mouth to speak again he made sure to keep his eyes on the tree directly ahead of him. "I carried a little with me when we left home." Pippin's eyes went huge again, his mouth curling into a hopeful smile. "Can I have some?" "No." "Why not? We share everything, remember?" "Not everything, Pippin." He glanced at Pippin from the corner of his eye to find the younger hobbit still staring at him, green eyes huge and imploring. "You're too young." Indignation flashed across Pippin's face as his back straightened in defiance. "I am not! You're not much older than I am, if you'll recall." "Yes, I do recall, but that's not the point," Merry countered while taking another puff from his pipe, fully aware that Pippin's eyes traced the smoke in the dim light until it disappeared into nothingness. "It isn't as though it would be the first time I ever had the stuff, you know." Well, that was news to him. Merry's eyes narrowed impulsively. "Oh? And who gave it to you?" Pippin's cheeks flushed past their usual rosy color. "That's not really important, is it?" When met with stony silence, he offered a nervous smile in return. "Fatty." Merry rolled his eyes. "I should have known." "Three years ago." "Pippin!" Merry whispered harshly, looking around quickly as though any of his relatives might be nearby and listening. "You aren't even of age yet!" "Well, yes, I'm aware of that, thank you," Pippin answered with the same tone every petulant tweenager used when things were not going his way. The two sat in companionable silence for some time before he reached over and tugged at Merry's shirt sleeve. "Can I have some now?" "No!" Disappointed and a little irritated, Pippin went back to staring out into the night, knees drawn to his chest and his chin resting upon them. Somewhere in the distance elves were singing, bits of their song floating through the air and settling around them like pieces of a puzzle, coherence broken by the occasional hoot of an owl or squawk of a bat. Merry found himself tapping his foot unconsciously in time to the beat of a drum accompanying the song. "To be completely honest with you, Merry, I'm not so certain that I like this little adventure we've found ourselves in." The comment was so unexpected and unusual coming from Pippin's mouth that Merry accidentally inhaled a cloud of smoke, making him cough and thump his fist against his chest. Pippin watched in amusement for some time with a wry smirk, though he did not dare to make the situation worse by laughing or taunting his cousin. Family or not, Merry would not hesitate to use his size advantage to teach him the improperness of laughing at the misfortune of others. After the choking spell, Merry turned disbelieving eyes on Pippin. "You must be mistaken. Your entire family reputation rests on that silly notion that Tooks are the most adventurous hobbits of all." Pippin looked momentarily upset, then settled for a wistful sigh and what might have been a smile, if Merry had been able to see it better in the dim light. "Oh, I still believe that, Merry, very much so. I have an aunt who swam across the Brandywine once in the middle of winter just because my father said she couldn't do it." He paused, eyes downcast as he idly began plucking at the grass. "And I suppose I still believe that to be true with me as well. It's just that...well, I've always wanted to go on a great journey and see what lies beyond the Shire. Do you remember how we used to plan our trip for when we were both of age?" It was a memory that Merry had almost forgotten, it had been so pushed aside by time and more pressing matters. It was also a nice enough memory to surprise a grin from him. "I do. We both wanted to visit Tolfalas to see the midsummer festival, but we never could quite decide on a path to take because you kept insisting on going far out of the way." Pippin raised a challenging eyebrow. "And you only wanted to go there directly from the Shire. Really, Merry, where is your sense of adventure? You are my cousin, after all, so there's yet some Took blood in you." "My apologies, but I just didn't see the point in taking such a long route. I mean, why did we need to go all the way to Mirkwood and double the length of the trip?" "Because that's the point of traveling, Merry," Pippin replied with exaggerated condescension. "So you can travel and, you know, see things. And besides, I wanted to see elves, so I made it a point to go through two places where I knew I'd find them." Merry laughed quietly, amazed at his cousin's seemingly endless curiosity about all things foreign to him. "Oh, but look, Pip. You've managed to get your wish anyway." "Yes," Pippin agreed, grinning into his knees. "Not quite the way I had planned, though." The fair voices in the background faded until they were as still as the rest of the night before beginning again, this time with a song far more somber in tune and pace. Both hobbits listened to as much as they could, both searching their minimal knowledge of the elvish language to try to pick out at least a few words. When that failed, they settled for merely listening to the sound of the song. "Do you think we will ever get to Tolfaras?" "I don't think we're going that way, actually." Pippin aimed a playful kick at Merry's shin. "No, I mean sometime later, after this whole business is over. That is, of course, assuming that we survive through it." Having no remark to make about the uncharacteristically pessimistic comment, Merry remained silent, lips fixed on the pipe. Pippin was always more than happy to talk enough for the both of them anyway. "It's a bit strange, isn't it? How eager I've always been to go out on some grand adventure like Bilbo did. Funny thing is, now that I have it I don't think I want it. In my mind, it was all only a way to pass the time. I never counted on anyone being hurt. Oh, of course, I imagined there would be bumps and scratches along the way, which can only be expected, naturally, but I never once thought something more serious could happen. "Then yesterday on Weathertop, it was as though I discovered that everything I thought was wrong. I had fooled myself into thinking that it was only a game, even those black creatures we've seen along the way. Then that...that thing stabbed Frodo, and suddenly it was as if I was really seeing them for the first time. They weren't there to provide a sort of thrill for us along the way. They...they want to kill Frodo, Merry. Maybe us as well. And I had never once even considered that. And truthfully, it...scares me a little. A lot." He flinched as soon as the words left his mouth. "But please don't tell Frodo that. He has quite enough to worry about as it is." The song evolved gracefully into a new form, another slow tune with a melodious stream of softly chanted lyrics. When a trio of elves walked on the path just below the hill in the direction of the noise, Pippin leaned forward and glanced at Merry over his shoulder. "Ask one of them to translate for us." Merry rolled his eyes