Disclaimer: The Hunger Games and certain characters belong to Suzanne Collins, Lionsgate, et al. No profit is gained from this writing—only, hopefully, enjoyment. Title(s) from the 1982 film of the same name. There are nightmares and weird, terrifying moments when she knows she's still there in the Arena but will gradually come back and realize she isn't, that it's all just in her head. She's supposed to be doing things, stupid, ridiculous activities like those the people of The Capitol seem to love—arranging flowers, decorating this house, designing clothing, being happy. It's disgusting, and smiling is now just another lie she tells people. She thinks she now knows why Haymitch drinks all the time. Peeta seems to be adapting quite well, though. He lives alone in his Victor's house, and if he lies with his pleasant temperament and sweet smiles, then he is a great actor. His family is still down with their bakery, and Katniss has to tell herself every time she and Peeta are together that it's not right for her to ask why. She thinks she already knows why, and it's sad because she's the one who would do better alone but has her mom and Prim, while Peeta needs people, craves the interaction and talking—and he gets stuck with a bad mom, a dad who stands back, and two older brothers who beat up on him. That's why he's all alone up in his hard-earned house. That's why he's so good at talking and getting people to like him, to listen. Peeta learned to fight with his mouth a long time ago, and Katniss doesn't think she'll ever be on his level when it comes to planning and verbal sparring. But, then again, she doesn't have to be. That's why they work well together, as a team. Peeta will convince everyone with his words, and whoever he doesn't manage to snare she will. He can have the figurative traps; she'll handle the literal ones. The drier climate always makes him tire more easily, and the higher elevation periodically gives him nosebleeds. The sun seems farther removed, the moon as well. There is nothing organic or authentic in The Capitol. Everything is stone, like an ancient crypt, or distorted indulgence, like lipstick on a corpse. It's fitting. Once Tributes are Reaped, they're all dead. Some just stop breathing sooner than others. It all rushes past in a blur, much like that first train ride into the Capitol. Two hundred miles per hour and more, and still she finds life can't move quickly enough. There's no blurring the horror and shock on their faces, and no amount of looking away will ever banish the enormous wave of guilt and shame rising inside her. Nothing can stop the Reaping; the Games must go on. She feels forever stuck on that train—trapped between two disparate worlds with no hope of ever finding true safety, caught between a rock and a hard place. Point A is 12, where people simultaneously pity and loathe her. Point B is the Capitol, and the less said about it the better. Now, it's time to get ready, be primed and polished and photographed and then. . . She is a commodity now, Haymitch slurs at her one night in the Victors' Village. The Capitol made her what she is and reserves the right to distribute her as it sees fit—to whomever it sees fit. He doesn't come right out and say it then, and later Katniss screams at him for lying to her, for hiding the truth. "Well, excuse me for trying to be tactful for once!" he yells back, waving the hand holding his drink glass and thus flinging expensive liquor all around the room. But, the place is already well on its way to smelling like him, so it's no great loss—at least in her book. Effie of course is of a different opinion. "Haymitch, please!" she trills, sounding about as angry as she ever gets. "I'll not have another fire in here like that dreadful incident three years ago with Finni– !" "Shut the hell up!" Haymitch shouts back at her, cutting her off, and this time he deliberately hurls his glass in her direction. It hits the wall behind Effie, about a foot to her left really, but it's close enough to make her scream and everyone else in the room come to a complete stop. "Haymitch?" Peeta then quietly asks, and even Katniss, though she's still roaring with fury inside, recognizes that maybe things have gone too far—that maybe she's pushed too hard. Effie's stuck-up and all, but that's no reason to terrorize her. It's not her fault. She doesn't call the shots; none of them do, really. One of his most charitable sponsors actually managed to come away with the trident he'd used in the Arena. She'd whispered over dinner that he was to meet her later on the third floor, second door to the left. It still had blood on the tips of its gold prongs, and he'd forgotten about the shell and scalloping detail running the length of it, but it was comforting and familiar, and he felt strong and impervious once more holding it. Mercedes had come up behind him, told him to hold it like he were readying to spear someone. "Pretend it's that girl from 3 you skewered," she whispered into his ear. "You could even go ahead and throw it. I'll replace the wall, the decorations. I'd pay anything to see you throw that in person." For a second, he'd thought she'd said, 'throw that in a person,' and he'd abruptly dropped it to the floor. It'd been years before he'd picked up another trident back in 4—this one plain and true and in the family for generations—and even so, he felt terrible every time he hurled it. But, he kept throwing it. He couldn't not. It was a necessary evil, and he was making up for lost time in not having realized that before. But, the silence just makes Haymitch blearily look around the penthouse at them—at Katniss and Peeta, uncomfortably dressed and made up to within an inch of their lives, at Cinna and Portia, ruffled and on-edge but oh-so-quiet in their worry, at Effie, who's visibly shaking before the wall splattered with some kind of green rum. Next, there are soft footsteps behind them in the hallway, the one that leads back to the bedrooms, and Katniss winces and refuses to turn. Peeta does, though. He always looks. Fully turning around, he says, "Hey, Lara," before walking back towards her. "Sorry, did we wake you up?" Haymitch snorts at that, but the rest of them are silent. It's been awkward and difficult for all of them to remember. . . Katniss looks back, catches the tail-end of the girl's headshake. There's some series of movements she does with her hands that Peeta frowns at, and that's when Katniss faces away again. She doesn't want to see that. It makes her a coward, pretending that what's out of sight is out of mind, especially here in these circumstances with all that's looming large on the horizon, but the alternative is just too agonizing. She'd rather be a capable coward than a broken one. "I'm, uh– " Peeta starts to say, and his voice is louder suddenly, clearly speaking to the rest of them now. "I'll just take her back to her room now." Katniss looks over her shoulder at him, and their eyes meet briefly, and then Peeta's herding Lara back to the hallway. As they get closer, an Avox steps away from the wall, even hesitantly holds out a thin hand. That's something else painful to see, Lara pausing long enough to grab the hand, and then it's the three of them passing out of sight. As she turns her head back to Haymitch and the others, she sees another Avox is already working at mopping up the mess on the wall and floor. Effie's moved over and is sitting like a bright but tiny bird on the corner of the sofa. "Well," Katniss says, for lack of anything better, "that was exciting. It's not every day we get booze thrown around the room. Oh, wait," she adds, making it as innocent-sounding as possible, as Haymitch turns the full force of his glare on her again, "we do." "Don't you start. . . " he rumbles, which makes her scoff in disgust and frustration. "Like you get to be upset in this situation!" Katniss snaps, trying to make her voice as harsh now as she can. "I don't see any 'appointments' taking up space on your schedule, Mr. Abernathy!" And now Haymitch is fully facing her, but he's not looking, not meeting her eyes, and she knows exactly why that is and goes for the verbal jugular. "Where are your lectures on anatomy and expectations? When are you being pimped out to anyone who can pay?!" The room is silent and charged like a storm is close. Maybe she's the storm in this instance, raging against whatever's in her way—even when it's got no say in how things are. Effie's not at fault here and neither is Haymitch, but it feels good to wound and hurt and cut deeply. She sees Cinna's eyes flick over her right shoulder and knows without looking that Peeta's returned just in time to catch that last outburst of hers. She could wound him too, knows precisely which spots to aim for. She's a hunter, after all, a killer—a murderer. Three of them are in this room, more in this building, and more in The Capitol itself. They're all murderers in a way—complicit in sending children to their deaths year after year. They thrive on it here, get high off it like the smoke they breathe in or the morphling they shoot in their veins. They send all kinds of kids into the Arena, good ones, bad ones, small kids, aggressive ones, terrified and skilled and pathetic. Healthy kids volunteer; sick ones are volunteered. There have been kids who can't run, can't think properly, one who couldn't see. Now there will be one who can't hear. She abruptly turns around and stalks out of the room, avoiding touching or even looking at Peeta on her way. No one says a single word to stop her. She wishes they would. It's taken a little while, probably longer than it should have, but Katniss now knows the truth everyone else tried to keep from her last year. No one wins the Games except the President. Tributes die, and inch by inch Panem dies with them. They're all dead inside—empty and useless. And now she's one of them. Even when he'd returned that first time, he'd had his Capitol smile firmly in place. Off he'd stepped from the train, Mags a solid presence at his back and the sun pounding overhead, only to be hit by a wave of relatives and friends and acquaintances, all rushing to him, all overjoyed to see him. Months passed before his sleep pattern evened out, and his appetite, reflexes, and reactions never truly went back down to normal, but he'd managed to step into the sea within hours of coming home. Later, his uncle Jonas had had to follow him in and pull him out when, long after the sun had set, he'd still made no move to come in, and they both pretended his face and chest were wet from the water, not tears and sweat from fear. It was just him re-acclimatizing. At first, it seems like just a sick joke, albeit one nobody in the room is laughing at, and usually Haymitch laughs at everything. She doesn't know what it says about the situation when even Haymitch isn't laughing, but it can't be good. It's honestly the definition of adding insult to injury, and what's worse is that it's not just her. It's Peeta too. It is, she's informed,