Annie felt certain that of all the ways that the capital could hurt them, making Finnick doubt their love was not one of them. But when Finnick returned from the capitol this time it was different. The games were over, the second since Annie's own. They had finished weeks ago, Annie had found herself sitting with Mags, taking gasping breaths as though she could barely get any air, as a bleeding and broken boy was frozen in place on the ladder of a hovercraft and an announcer boomed his victory announcement around an almost empty arena. But that was weeks ago, the boy had taken some time healing and being patched up into something flawless to watch his recaps and attend victory parties, parties Finnick would be required to attend. The weeks had allowed Annie some time to begin putting herself back together again, and although she was functioning again, and not needing Mags's help or reminders to manage the basic tasks of life, she knew she would not feel whole until she connected with Finnick again. It had been the same last games, and she was not even officially dating Finnick that year. She had been so broken still when he finally got home that she hadn't even realised how being back with her had helped Finnick about as much as it had helped her. She had noticed how much she helped him, after the victory tour later that year that he was required to attend, through which she had suffered his absence but had not been forced to watch a traumatising game of children violently fighting to the death at the same time. She wasn't sure what day the celebrations would quiet down enough that the Capitol would release him, but she had thought that he would seek her out once he felt he could. Instead she woke early one morning, looked out her window and saw a Finnick shaped shadow sitting in the sand of the beach. She threw on some clothes and made her way down to him. Finnick sat with his elbows on his knees, resting his head on his crossed arms, he ducked his head slightly to look her way as she approached, but once he confirmed it was her, he put his face back in his arms. His back jerked as a sob escaped and Annie's worry increased. She knew what they did to him in the Capitol, or the outline of it anyway, Finnick didn't discuss details, he didn't want to think about it in a vivid enough way to describe it, and although she sometimes wondered, she knew enough, she didn't realy want the images that details would put in her head. She knew that this would be a completely normal way to react to what he had just been through. But still it terrified her, because this was not the way that he normally reacted. As she sat down next to him, she managed to see the tears on his mostly hidden face, and although a thought raced through her mind that this might be a more healthy way to deal with it than his normal methods, she was still terrified by the question of what braught this on, and terrified by being confronted with his full emotions which were normally so subtle that she had to pick up little ques and pay attention to the things she had slowly learnt to look for, to know that he was hurting. They sat like that for some time, without saying anything. Annie hoped that her presence was comforting, but she wasn't sure. Eventually she asked "Finnick?" Unable to put words to the swirl of questions whirling through her mind, but knowing that he would understand. And that he would appreciate the opportunity to choose which of those many questions he was up to answering. He answered a small collection of those questions, jumping from one to the other, sometimes without being able to finish a thought out loud. "Every time I think that they have done every thing they could, there is something new, something I couldn't have imagined ... I didn't think they could hurt me here, back home, in my head ... They have owned my body for years, I thought I could keep my mind ... I thought I could keep what happened seperate, out of the district, away from you." Finnick huffed a frustrated sigh through a sob. And Annie knew what was frustrating him, he was normally so good with words, he could say just about anything in just about any way, he could normally carry on two conversations with one set of words, giving the intended meaning to only the intended recipient. He knew how little sense he was making, and Annie knew exactly how frustrating that was. Annie asked him what she normally asked herself when she couldn't make sense, "What is this all about? What's the main point?" "You" Finnick looked into her eyes for the first time since he got back "I need you Annie, I love you." Then he looked away and curled into himself a little more staring out into the still dark waves "I think I love you at least, but what if I'm wrong, what if I just think that because I need you" Annie was confused, she was sure she needed Finnick more than he needed her, and that had never made her doubt her love of him, that just didn't make sense. "That doesn't make sence Finnick, I love you, and I need you much more than you need me, I know I love you and I don't know what I'd do without you." Finnicks voice was dark "I know exactly where I'd be without you Annie, I'd be dead" Finnick had implied as much to her previously, when she had voiced her unease at needing him so much, how it didn't feel fair that he was always the one putting her back together, how she didn't want to keep burdening him with that. But those words and implications had always seemed like they were said for her comfort, an imagined time line that could never happen, or an exaggeration of what she'd just expressed of the loss and depression he would feel without her. But this time, it sounded certain, like an actual planned event. One that she hoped would never happen, didn't even want to imagine. Annie shook her head roughly as though trying to dislodge the feeling that those words, with that certainty, had roused in her. "No Finnick, you're strong, outside and in, you made it for years without knowing me, you could keep going." "I didn't want to tell you about it" Finnick began shaking his own head "but it's the only way to convince you I do need you" he paused and when he started talking again his voice was a bit more flat distancing the words from their feelings. "I was going to kill myself when you died, but then you didn't." Annie didn't say anything, she didn't have to, the look on her face was screaming 'What?' far louder than she could. Finnick rubbed a hand through his hair and took a deep breath, Annie could tell he was gearing up for an uncomfortable story, and she realised that they had sidetracked from the main point, she wondered if that was his plan, to tell one uncomfortable truth to avoid a worse one. But she needed to know about this. She made a mental note to ask about the main point later. "You know I was 14 when I won, I came back here, and I was a bit of a wreck to start with, like all victors are, but they gave me the keys to my house and my winnings, and I had a future. It even looked like a good one from back there. Then I turned 16 and ..." He trailed off and glanced at Annie, she nodded, she knew what changed for him at 16, she wasn't going to make him say it when he didn't have to. "And it was horrible, but I came back here and I tried to leave it all behind in the Capitol, a little followed me back but mostly I was able to put it aside and do things here, I swam and fished and I hung out with my old friends after school, I made myself a new routine, and things, here at least, we're good." "Then I turned 18 and my clients increased, lots, and there were more of them that were into weirder things, and I just barely got through it by thinking that I'd be back in 4 soon, able to forget it all and have fun with my friends. But when I got home, it was still all too much, I couldn't just put it aside, things kept popping into my head when I didn't want them to. And my friends had all started working, some just worked really long hours, but most went out on the haulers, away for weeks at a time and barely back for any time between trips. I couldn't fill my days, I had Mags, but that wasn't the same as friends my age. I'd never felt so alone or bored or useless before. I tried to get a job for something to do and to feel useful again, but I hadn't even finished high-school, I didn't have a trade or any skills other than fighting. Even for the jobs that didn't need anything, I was turned away and told that it would go to someone who needed the work and money, not a victor. I started to feel like the only thing I was any good for was as something to fuck." Finnick paused a moment blinking as if he only just realised that he'd said that out loud, then he continued, "Then it was your games, and during the reaping I realised what I was going back to, and that this time I wouldn't be able to hold onto the hope of coming home. But I saw you and Erik walk up on stage, and I knew what it was like to be a kid walking into the hunger games, I couldn't leave you a mentor down for that, so I decided to wait until you died and then kill myself at the next opportunity." Annie was upset to learn what had been going through his mind when they had met and during her games prep, but she was also annoyed "You wrote me off for dead, like all those people write me off as crazy" she said all her anger at that showing in her voice. Finnick laughed, "I thought you had almost as much chance as a fully trained career, but I'd taken 8 of them to the games and not brought any home." Annie nodded, her anger gone but her distress remained, she tried to remember what Finnick had been like at that time, but she had been too occupied by her upcoming games to notice any of his subtle signals, if he'd given any at all. She nodded for him to continue. Annie had distracted him, even getting him to laugh, leaving Finnick a little less detatched and a little more distracted by memories and distress, she could hear it in his voice when he continued. "After you panicked and ran, hiding, I was so out of it, waiting for the end that I started taking my cues from you, following you in life as I planned to in death. You were zoned out but still you came down to the river a few times a day for a drink, you nibbled the bread we sent you, you kept doing what you had to do to live, if nothing more. So that was what I did too, just what I had to do." "Then the dam broke, and you let the water