There's a spot in the hayloft where the light from the loose rafters spills into the solitary building. The hay feels still feels warm from the day, and she's gotten used to the feeling of straw pressed up against her back. When she lies there, staring up at the ceiling, she can just begin to make out the outline of a beautiful night sky. This is Katniss Everdeen's favorite place in the universe. It's not much, but it's quiet, and it makes her feel small. She needs that sometimes. Needs to feel small. Needs to remember that the entire world is not resting on her shoulders, and that the reason she cando things is not because she matters or because of destiny or because of fate. Things come to people with hard work, and that is exactly what Katniss intends to contribute to herself and her family. Hard work. She's going to make something of herself so that Prim never feels the kind of pressure to be the same person that Katniss is. She doesn't want her little sister to have to work herself to the bone during high school just because she needs a full scholarship. And Katniss certainly doesn't want Prim to feel like she can't do what she loves, because there's no reason that her little sister should lead an unhappy life. Maybe it's not practical or lucrative to become a doctor, but Katniss knows that she will eventually be receiving more money than she would in an average profession. And that's what she's going to do with her life. She's smart enough. She's passionate about helping people like her own family, debilitated by the loss that disease brings. If her junior year of college had taught her anything, it's that she's not squeamish when it comes to dissecting things. Katniss is going to do what she wants. It's just going to come with the hardest work that she's ever had to do. "Are you up here, Katniss?" It's a voice so sweet that it can almost never be raised, and even when Prim is calling out to her sister, she sounds impossibly tiny. Katniss turns over on her stomach and peers down at her little sister, allowing a small smile to grace her expression when she sees the shirt sticking out of Prim's skirt in the back. "Hi there, little duck," she says warmly. "What are you doing out here?" "You came out to milk several billion years ago," Prim informs her, giggling slightly. "I was just hoping that you would come inside so that we could spend our last night together." Her stomach rolls slightly at the thought of going inside and returning to the place with a silent mother and a befuddled little sister and an armchair that is always empty in spite of the fact that the man who used to occupy it every night has been dead for six years. Still, Katniss forces herself to give Prim a wider and far faker smile as she straightens up and heads to the ladder that will descend her back to a more earthly frame of mind. As she steps onto the hay that lines the ground and looks into the wide, hopeful eyes of her little sister, she already feels far too big. (OOO) "So how was your break?" The question is small, but sometimes Katniss wonders why Madge always asks it. She never answers more than an obligatory "good" before hunching her shoulders and continuing to unpack, forcing Madge to fill up the awkward silence. Still, maybe that's just what makes them such excellent roommates. Madge understands when Katniss doesn't want to answer things and Katniss allows Madge to vent. It's a beautiful partnership, when one really takes the time to consider it. "Good," Katniss hums, placing one of Madge's favorite throw pillows in a precise position on the couch. "That's good," Madge says lightly, giving Katniss a look and knocking the pillow over a few centimeters. Katniss just rolls her eyes. "And your sister?" "Fine," replies Katniss, reaching a hand back to glance at her braid. There are a few hairs sticking out of it, so she immediately undoes her elastic and reaches back to redo the end. Madge just watches, her mouth slightly open. "What?" "You always get more... um, controlling during break, but I forget every semester." For the first time, Katniss looks a little ashamed. "When I'm back there, it's like…" She stops talking, but Madge understands and gives her a curt nod. "No. It's fine. I totally get it." Katniss flashes her a grateful smile and one that is certainly genuine. She's extremely lucky that Madge had been in her freshman Into to Psych class because Katniss has strong reason to believe that nobody else would be able to put up with her so easily. "Have you decided which grad schools you're applying to?" Katniss inquires, hoping to change the subject. Madge plops down on the couch and grabs the remote to the expensive docking station that her father had gotten her as an end-of-semester gift. She presses the play button and taps her fingers along to the music as she nods. "I've narrowed it down to four and a safety school," she says. "You?" Katniss swallows, thinking about the price of application fees. "I've got to decide on three," she admits. "At least being here means that I can go back to work." "Speaking of District Twelve," Madge says, brightening, "Johanna and Annie said that they were going to meet us there around… now. Do you want to go to lunch?" Nodding, Katniss heads into her room to grab her purse. She's always starving, and their apartment isn't that far from her job, where she can easily sneak free fries for herself and her friends by sweet talking her coworkers. The bar restaurant is crowded by the time they get there, but their friends have already grabbed a table. It really does feel like the beginning of the semester, and when Katniss thinks about, she can't believe this is her last first semester at Capital University. It feels like just yesterday that she was a shy freshman, genuinely afraid of her roommate and scared of walking anywhere lest she step on the toes of an upperclassman. She's never felt like she belongs here, especially with all of the money that the students have. That isn't Katniss. She doesn't quite fit in. Her friends don't make her feel like that, though, and that's why she loves them. They make her laugh and they make her feel included and they don't make her feel shitty because she has to try so fucking hard. They get it. "Hey, Everdeen!" barks out a voice, and Katniss turns around to see her boss walking towards her with the delightful swagger that only he can possess. "Yes, Haymitch?" she says, voice slightly patronizing. He notices, but doesn't comment. They're at the place in their relationship where they're both aware of the fact that she's smarter than him. "Darius crapped out on his shift tonight. Says that his plane was delayed, but I'm not an idiot. He's going on a date. Anyways, can you take his shift?" She glances back at her friends, who are all encouragingly shaking their heads at her. But then Katniss thinks about the Application Fees, and before she can talk herself out of it, she nods her assent. "Sure. When does it start?" "About ten minutes." Haymitch says, throwing her a sarcastic grin as he saunters away. "I have to go get my work clothes," Katniss tells her friends, rising. Johanna throws a peanut at her, which Katniss dodges expertly. "Be right back!" She exits the building and begins walking as quickly as she can towards her apartment, not bothering with a cab. It's such a quick walk that it would be a colossal waste of money. Still, a glance at her watch tells her that she's definitely going to be late. The pedestrian light has a few more seconds on it, so Katniss makes the decision to attempt a sprint across the street. As she does so, a car almost slams into her. She lets out a screech and turns to holler at the driver of the car, but he seems nearly as shocked as she is. His eyes are wide underneath a mop of curly blond hair. Realizing that she doesn't have time to deal with the emotional issues of this obviously incompetent driver, Katniss knocks her fist against the hood of this expensive car before taking off towards her apartment. She's forgotten about him by the time she's back at work fifteen minutes later, clad in her black shirt and skirt and her obligatory braid. She's been braiding her hair back since she was a little girl on the farm, but she's always regretted how much of a thin, spindly thing it is as opposed to the thickness that accompanies Prim's hair. Still, she doesn't think that she'd be able to work without it anymore. The familiarity of its weight on her back. The way she flips it over her shoulder when she studies. The sameness of it. Katniss loves it when things stay the same. It's a slow night, at least. Most of the students are here with their parents, which means that they're all going to much nicer restaurants than the dingy, cheap District Twelve. With that in mind, Katniss gets to spend most of her evening reading over application requirements and feeling that familiar tug in her stomach when she reads the Johns Hopkins logo. It's so pretty, and perfect, and she wants it more than she's ever wanted anything in her life. But it's far away from Prim, and she can't leave Prim with their empty, desolate mom and… and that doesn't mean that she's not going to apply. That doesn't mean that she's not going to try. If she doesn't go somewhere far away for med school, she will stay here forever, and that won't do her sister any good. She doesn't want to leave Prim, but Katniss wants to give her any opportunity that she can. If that means going far away to the medical school that she knows she can thrive at, Katniss is not going to stop herself. Probably. "Hey." The voice, accompanied by a British accent, is low and shy, causing Katniss to quirk her eyebrows before looking up. This person sounds way too unsure of himself to actually be legal- if he asks for alcohol, she's certainly not going to be serving him. Upon seeing him, however, she recognizes him immediately. "Oh. It's you." The man cocks his head to the side, frowning deeply. "I'm sorry. Do I know you?" Katniss' expression turns from her normal scowl to her angry scowl as she realizes that this boy has absolutely no recollection of her. "You nearly killed me this morning," she reminds him, eyes narrowing judgmentally. His own sapphire eyes widen with surprise. "You're the girl from the crosswalk?" "That would be me," nods Katniss, bracing her hands on the counter behind the bar. "I'm so sorry!" the man says immediately, his puppy dog eyes practically leaking apology. "I was overwhelmed and I had no idea where I was and I swear… I wasn't trying to kill you. I just wasn't looking where I was going." Her stiff posture only relaxes slightly at his words. Shaking her head, Katniss gestures to the bar. "What can I get for you?" "Whatever beer you have on tap. Thanks." "I'm going to need to see your identification," Katniss tells him. "Seriously?" he says, starting to laugh. At the extremely sober look on her face, his chuckles die. "Oh. Okay. Yeah." The man digs into his pocket and brings out a leather wallet. It looks brand new and disgustingly expensive. Looking at it, Katniss knows without a doubt that he's got to be over twenty-one. Actually, she's starting to doubt that