Author: Aelfgifu Co-conspirators (i.e. Betas and plot advice): Ariel and Celendine Goodbody Warnings: AU, violence, very heavy angst Bookverse . Here Begins the Sequel to Ring Around the Merry - "The Redemption of Meriadoc" You need not have read Part One to enjoy this one. In fact- people who could not handle RATM because they hated the idea of the corrupted Merry might like to see his redemption. This a dark fic, BUT I promise that I will NOT kill off any hobbits, and will not end this tragically!! Summary of Part One for Newcomers In Ring around the Merry , Meriadoc becomes fascinated and ultimately obsessed with the Ring of Power in his cousin's keeping over the course of the 16 years. When the time comes to set off with Frodo and Sam, Merry, under the malevolent influence of the Ring, decides that Frodo must be kept in the Shire to safeguard the world of hobbits. So Merry, working from good intentions, proceeds to keep Frodo and Sam captive at Crickhollow with the help of a very conflicted Pippin) until he can be brought to see reason. Frodo, however, does not agree with Merry's plan. Over the course of several weeks, there is a battle of wills in which Frodo is slowly but surely mentally broken by Merry until he recedes into his own mind. Sam meanwhile, is a constant thorn in Merry's side, trying increasingly desperate escape attempts, and, all the while, pressuring Pippin into seeing past his love for Merry and doing right by his Ringbearer cousin. As his master becomes less and less capable of defending himself, Sam is forced to act on his own initiative and-ultimately, to do something totally against his grain – to leave his Frodo and escape with the Ring. Pippin is torn. He loves Merry, but has been dragged into what in effect is a very abusive relationship in which Merry steals his sense of worth in exchange for absolute obedience. But Sam understands that Pip may be Frodo's last hope. Merry has the darkest journey. Corrupted by the Ring, he is willing to commit great cruelties on his cousin in order to "save" him and the Shire. He considers Frodo and the Ring as one, so he takes complete control of the Frodo until he is insensible and pliant. Merry's plans seem to go well, until he betrays his onetime allies, and mysterious ruffians come to claim their due. So Part one ends when Ruffians kidnap Frodo and Merry – not knowing the Ring is now with Sam. Sam and Pippin are left with the wreckage of Merry's plans. Now they must find a way to save Frodo and Merry and decide what to do about the Ring now in their charge. Meanwhile, Frodo will come back to himself and Merry will no longer be corrupted by the Ring. However, these former rivals will both find themselves dragged into captivity by a power greater than either have ever faced. Chapter 1: Many Partings Sam plucked himself up from the dirt, sobbing, bruised, and much worse for the wear. He immediately took off the Ring and jammed it into his pocket. The world snapped back into living color and the pain in his head redoubled. What to do? What on earth to do? He needed help, and no mistake, but who could give Frodo the manner of help he needed? Sam stood at the center of the road for several minutes looking very stupid and dying inside. Go on, said a voice in his head. You must take It and go on. Give up, you ninny! You're in over your head! said another decidedly less encouraging voice. "Right," said Sam to himself. "My giving up won't Frodo none. Beyond all hope, I'll go on." Sam wiped his eyes with dirt-encrusted fingers and stared back up into the sun. "Sam?" Sam felt his insides chill. Pippin . He turned. Pippin stood behind him, balanced precariously on wobbly legs. He leaned heavily against the gateposts almost in shock, his face white as a sheet and beaded with sweat. Pippin gasped with exhaustion, looking as though he might faint at any time. "Where," Pippin breathed, "Where is Frodo?" He coughed deeply, then continued. "Where…is..Merry?" Sam's face fell. This was going to be terrible. "Pippin," he said gently. "Let's get inside and shut the gate." "No." said Pippin "First," another breath, "things…first." "By the stars, Pip," sighed Sam. "Sit down at least, or you'll topple where you stand! You shouldn't ought to have come out here, not as you are. Sit, will you!" Whether by Sam's admonition or not, Pippin collapsed ungracefully into a sit that was more than half a fall. His eyes seemed to roll up in his head a moment before Pippin regained himself, took a steadying breath, and plowed on. "You were crying, Sam," said Pippin flatly as he gazed beyond Sam down the deserted road, still swirling with dust. "Something's happened, something's happened to them!" Sam opened his mouth, then closed it again, his face very much like a child trying to explain how the pie went missing except for the berry stains on his shirtfront. He began again. "I," he stammered, "there was nothing…" Sam stopped. The fear in Pippin's eyes was growing as he looked up and down the road. "Now, Pip," Sam tried to steady his voice. "You are ill and..." Pippin sighed, his voice no longer the compliant, soft tone that Merry had depended upon for so long. "I did not walk all the way out here to be lied to," he said firmly with just a hint of command. Sam sighed patiently as he walked over to Pippin, his feet dragging in the rocky dirt of the road. He leaned down and offered his hand. "Come inside, Mr. Peregrin," he said with another long sigh. "And we'll talk." Pippin pulled his hand obstinately away. "No," he said defiantly. "Now!" Sam huffed but did not otherwise object. He turned back and closed the gate, concealing themselves just behind it. "Would you like a spot of water, Pip?" asked Sam, with forced lightness. Pippin shot an impatient gaze, his eyes narrowed, brooking no argument. Sam nodded and plopped down next to Pippin's side so that eye contact, for the most part, might be avoided. He sat with his knees bent and then leaned his head down onto them before looking up again and staring straight ahead at nothing. "Where, Samwise?" demanded Pippin. "Big folk," said Sam. He took a deep breath. "All right, here it is. Three big folk stole Frodo and Merry. I tried to stop them, Pip, but they was just too big and too many. They had horses…so big. And where they've gone to, I do not know." Pippin closed his eyes, his face a mask of pain that did not all come from his abused back. "I blacked out," he admitted regretfully. "Just for a while, I think. Not long. But long enough. Frodo walked out, I suppose. I awoke and he was gone." "Yes," said Sam. "It weren't your fault." Sam felt his heartbeat quicken - its pounding reverberating against the oppressive silence. It was wrong to let Pippin shoulder the blame. But to take it on himself would lead to…. "Sam," continued Pippin too thoughtfully, staring up at the sky. "Sam, how did the men find Merry if he was inside the gate? I thought you were going to bring him back to the house. How did Frodo get outside?" Sam felt himself holding his breath and he did not speak. Pippin noticed. "Sam?" repeated Pippin, his voice harsh again. "I had no time!" blurted Sam defensively. "They came on too fast!" Pippin did not look at Sam and Sam did not look at Pippin, preferring to stare sullenly at his feet. "Sam?" "What?" asked Sam more harshly than he'd intended. "I didn't loose consciousness immediately," said Pippin. "I stood by Frodo for a few minutes. Long enough to have heard if riders had come into the yard then. I heard nothing." "You were injured," offered Sam quietly, delaying the inevitable. "In a daze. It weren't no surprise you did not hear the men." Another stony silence. Sam fingered a long, supple blade of grass putting all his focus on pulling it apart--precisely down the center. "You left him out there for the men to find, didn't you, Sam?" said Pippin matter-of-factly, staring at the closed gate. He turned his head to look Sam dead in the eye. "On purpose, didn't you?" "I had no choice, Pippin!" snarled Sam, still focused on his blade of grass. "You don't understand!" "I understand," said Pippin. "I understand that you wanted to be rid of my cousin and saw this as the perfect chance to get that done." "No, Pip!" "You could have saved him. He was right outside the gate. You had time to get him inside had you wanted to." "No!" "You. Had. Time." "It was the only way!" cried Sam abruptly. "It was him or Frodo! Can't you see, lad? Have you no memory of what he did to dear Frodo? Or to you? Your back is in shreds! Your mind ain't much better! And Frodo's mind is well nigh gone! I weren't going to let them take Frodo!" More silence. The blade of grass stretched but did not break. Sam had never seen such a captivating plant. "But" said Pippin coldly. "They did take Frodo." "You think I don't know that?" cried Sam, his voice breaking. "You think I wanted that to happen? But I thought I might lure them--" "You thought you might hand them Merry ," said Pippin, his voice now like ice. "And why shouldn't I, Pip?" Sam growled back. "I had so little time, and I had to choose one to save. Shouldn't I have chosen the one who most deserved to be saved?" "Did you?" said Pip scathingly. "Why must you torment me with your questions?" cried Sam. "Why do you suppose I ought to have saved Merry?" "Because," said Pippin forcefully, staring at Sam's lowered head. "You. Promised." Sam felt all the color drain from his face. He knew the lad was right. "I only promised to put Merry where he belonged!" "You knew well enough what I meant!" cried Pippin. "You knew. You knew I knocked Merry out to save Frodo, not to doom Merry!" "I -!" began Sam, but had nothing planned to follow. "You knew, damn you! And you knew I would have dragged Merry in with the very last of my strength if I thought in a million years that you would not! Then p'raps we'd have both here with us now! Perhaps we'd have BOTH!" "Or," countered Sam, "got us all taken!" "You might have at least tried!" repeated Pippin, now thoroughly distraught and paying little head to Sam's flawed defense. "We might have saved them both!" "My loyalty is to FRODO," cried Sam. "Not to that devil of a Brandybuck!" Pippin countered this unsatisfactory answer with an animalistic snarl. "You gave me your word, Sam, and I took it! You wanted to save your treasure, but at the cost of mine!" "Treasure!" hissed Sam derisively. "Merry ain't nobody's treasure!" "He was MINE!" shouted Pippin. "He's been mean and cruel, but it was that Thing that changed him and made him terrible! Perhaps I'll never ever forgive him- BUT he is my cousin, and I do love him, whether or NO!" "How can you?" asked Sam. "Not the point, Sam!" cried Pippin. "He wasn't yours to sacrifice!" Sam fell silent. He had nothing to say to this. He had nothing to make Pippin's statement untrue. But Pippin's worst indictment was yet to come. "Tell me," Pippin mumbled. "Were you so intent on getting Merry taken, that you didn't even see Frodo walk out here?" Sam snapped his head to face Pippin, his thoughts in disarray, a sinking feeling accompanying