Another Percabeth story. Annabeth Chase is a superstar and Percy Jackson is the CEO of Jackson's Industry. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. She arrived at the hotel where the event of the Grace's charity event will be held. She's been invited to perform for the said occasion. She easily agreed to it not just because she's both close to the Grace siblings but also she's devoted to helping children. Her name is Annabeth Chase a renowned international superstar. She's beautiful with her blonde princess curls and striking gray eyes. She's also smart and sexy. She's every bit of the whole package of a superstar. But what she is known for is her talent for singing and composing. She knows how to play the guitar and piano. She's been in the industry for 3 years now and let's just say that she's still going strong. She's sold millions of her albums and all of her shows were sold out. Everywhere she goes, she's being recognized. Her millions of fans adored her so much. They said that Annabeth Chase has it all but she begs to disagree. As soon as she set foot out of the car, she was met with flashing lights of camera. Her name was being called from everywhere. They are all very eager to take photos of her and hope to at least interview her. But her manager and her bodyguard insist that she should go straight inside. Some of her fans were calling her name hoping that they can take pictures of her but she just waved at her not wanting to get so much attention since this event is not about her. Once she's inside she was greeted by the Grace siblings. Thalia went to hug her and kiss her on the cheek and Jason did the same. They thank her again for agreeing to perform for the occasion and it's even for free. Thalia is her best friend and Jason is like a little brother to her. "Hey." Thalia called her attention as she personally guides her to her dressing room. "Yeah?" Annabeth asks as she glances at her. "Thank you for doing this again, I know this must be hard for you…" "Thalia." Annabeth cuts her. "I told you it's not a big deal it's not like we haven't seen each other for the past two years." Thalia snorted. "Yeah you guys did but you never said more than two or three words with each other." Annabeth shrugged her shoulders. "What can we do? He hated me." Thalia shook her head violently. "You know damn well that's not true." "It's been two years." "Yeah well two years of you two in hell for not being with each other." Thalia pointed out. "I thought we've already talked about this not to bring this up anymore?" "I know but I can't help it. You guys are so stubborn. Why don't you guys admit it that you belong together and that my stupid, idiot, dumbass cousin needed you in his life." "He already moved on, didn't he? I've seen a couple of pictures of him with different women.." "Oh so you're keeping tabs of him?" Thalia smirked. They've already reach the room and Annabeth plops down on the couch. Allie who's her manager remains silent all throughout the conversation. Even Alejandro, her stylist didn't say anything. "It's hard not to notice when all the magazines included him." She said sadly and she knows they can hear it in her voice. "I'm sorry." Thalia apologized. "But I swear those women meant nothing to him." "Then why? Why is he doing that?" She questioned. "He's been labeled as a heartbreaker, a playboy and other things." "You know why." Thalia stated. "I'm not blaming you or anything but we all know that he did change when you broke up with him." Their conversation was interrupted when Jason enters the room. "Hey sis, they're looking for you. Uncle P, Aunt Sally and Kelsi just arrived." Thalia scrunched her eyebrows. "Just them? Where's kelp head?" Annabeth remained unfazed hearing the names of what she used call her family. "Uncle P said he'll arrive later. They've talked to him a while ago and he said he just arrived at the airport. " "He better be here for his speech." Thalia threatened. "Don't worry he'll be here. Uncle P made sure of that." Jason smiled looking at Annabeth. Annabeth raised an eyebrow at him. Jason chuckled. "You've got something to say?" She challenged him. He just shook his head smiling. "I just hope you two can talk this time. I mean really, really talk about between you two." "Jason." She groaned. Jason sits beside her, putting his arms around her. "We all know that you guys belong together so why prolonged your agony?" "Let me remind you that Percy already moved on." She pointed out. "Nah ah." Jason disagreed. "That's what you think, but that's not the truth. I've known him since birth and believe me when I say that not yet. My stupid cousin is still very much in love with you." "Ayieee!" Alejandro squealed. "I knew it! You guys really belong with each other." All heads turn to him. "Opss." Alejandro smiled shyly. "I'm sorry I didn't mean to interrupt. But I just want to say that I truly believed cutie here." He said and winked at Jason. Jason chuckled. "See even he can tell." "Just stop." Annabeth groaned. "Shouldn't you two be outside already? Stop suffocating me." "Hey that's not nice." Thalia pouted. "We're just merely stating the truth. You know how Percy is? He's not good at expressing his feelings. You guys dated for a year and you know how stiff he is. You're the only one who broke his defenses and sadly the one who brought it back." "Aren't you supposed to be helping her not blaming her?" Jason pointed out to her sister. "Shut up! I'm not done yet. What I'm trying to say is, Percy's always been too serious about everything and when he met you he totally changed into something that we thought he will never be. And we kind of miss that guy who finally let his defenses down. Being in love with you made him a better person." "Percy needed you Annabeth. These past two years had been hell to him. Even though he tried to deny it but it is the truth. He went back to being his old self and made it worse by dating women who we knew that he's not really interested off and only uses him for whatever reason." "Don't you think I don't know that?" Annabeth reasoned out. Tears are beginning to build up in her eyes. "I've made a mistake for breaking things between us and I know damn well that I'm the reason why he changed." "It's not only your fault, Percy too." Thalia stated. "You know how he first reacted when you started your career. He's never been fond of being the center of attraction even though he will never avoid it by being the son of Poseidon Jackson." "Percy's been a jerk the way he reacted about all the crazy things that happened from the past and he knows it." Jason pointed out. "I for one is not fond of the attention but with our family it comes with it and Percy knows it. He's just not really good at it. You know him. He'd rather bury himself in the office than to attend any social gatherings." "But he knows that it comes with my job." Annabeth started. "What do you expect me to do? He didn't even try to talk to me after I broke up with him. He didn't even try to mend the things between us. How can you expect me to do something when he didn't even try to get me back?" Jason and Thalia shared a look that didn't go unnoticed by Annabeth. "What is it?" She demanded. "What is it that you're not telling me?" "Annabeth." Thalia started. "When you broke up with him, he totally shut himself from all of us." "What do you mean?" She asks. All Annabeth knew was that after she broke up with him, she lost contact with him. She didn't hear any news about him after a couple of months. She's been very busy after their break up so she doesn't have time to ask about him. And back then she thought that Percy didn't love her enough to fight for her. "Jason and I were not here when you two broke up right?" Thalia asked her. She nodded. The two were in London that time. "Aunt Sally said that she never knew that you guys broke up because Percy didn't tell her. She only found out when Kelsi asked her if it's true of what she saw on the news. They've tried to personally to ask him but Percy didn't let them see him. A week after you guys broke up Percy flew to Greece and he stayed there for a week with no communication at all." "By the time he gets back, he's not the same anymore. He went back to his old self and he had looked so bad that Aunt Sally has to force him to see a doctor. He was so depressed that's why we kept him away from the press." Thalia added. "The doctor said that he should take a vacation far away from everything to be able to start again. And that's what we did. His family took him back to Greece and helps him to be better." "I'm sorry we didn't tell you about it but it's what his family wants." "Oh my God!" This time Annabeth is really crying. "I did that to him." "Hush now." Thalia hugs her. "It's in the past now and Percy moved past that. I can say that there's still a good come out of what happened to him. See he doesn't care about the media anymore. He's more confident I think." "He's been an ass." Jason stated chuckling. "But there's still a bit of Percy we knew when you two are together, even though he tried to fight it and be the old Percy." "His family never blames you for anything." Thalia started. "So don't feel sorry about it. Percy deserved the break up for the way he'd been that time. We just didn't think that it will all come to that but nonetheless it did happen and it's up to you if you two will still be an idiot." "Why is it up to me?" Annabeth retaliated. "Shouldn't he be the one to do something?" Thalia snorted. "Like you didn't know him, may I remind you that you're the one who made the first move because my stupid cousin can't take a hint." "Thalia!" Annabeth exclaimed. "Wow I didn't know that." Allie said the first time. "Oh." Alejandro teased. "Believe me, my cousin is still an idiot. I've seen the way he looks at you during those times that you guys attended the same event. Even though you guys didn't talk but I can see how he looks at you lovingly." Jason stated. "I've seen how murderous he looks when he saw you talking to some guys and laughing. And when I pointed out to him, the idiot almost shoved me." "If you still want him back.. "Thalia started. "Then I suggest do something about it." "Ms. Thalia, Mr. Jason, they're looking for you." One of the staff interrupted them. "Oh good gods, I've forget about that. Tell them we'll be out in a sec." Jason instructed. "We better get going before Dad decided to come get us." Thalia chuckled. She turns to Annabeth. "Think about it. Percy will be here the whole night because he's going to deliver his speech before the event ends." "Why do I think that you did that on purpose?" Thalia and Jason smirked. "See you later." The two said