Percy took a sip on his beer as his eyes roamed around party. He is sitting at the bar that was located at the far end of the venue. He's currently at Piper's party celebrating the latter's birthday. There are quite a number of people present to celebrate it with her. He only knows a couple of them. Jason, Piper's boyfriend and Leo are one of them and they are his best friends. Jason was his roommate during college and they instantly became best friends because they do share a lot of interests but mostly about sports. Then he met Piper, who is already Jason's girlfriend by then. They were one of those rarely high school sweethearts who made it through college. Then they met Leo who happened to be their next door neighbor and soon he was included in their little group. And of course how can he forget the one girl that he madly fell in love with, Annabeth. By that time she walks-in in the party but she is not alone. There's a man beside her and just by looking at them you can tell that they are not just simply an acquaintance. Or he's just thinking too much. He tries to shake his head a couple of times to clear his minds. But as he watches them from a far he can't help that his heart is slowly shattering at every passing seconds. You see Annabeth was his girlfriend for five years. Yes you heard it right was, as in past tense. He met her when Piper introduced her to them. She was Piper's roommate. The first time he saw her, he was already interested. She's not only beautiful outside but also inside. And add the fact that she's also a freaking genius. At first Percy was intimidated by her but as time goes by they became good friends and up until he got the nerve to ask her out. During those years, as a normal couples do, they do fight but in the end they always comes running back to each other. They moved in together by the time they finished college. At first everything was going smoothly but not after their recent fight which led to finally ending their relationship. It was six agonizing months ago for Percy. He watches them as Annabeth hug Piper to greet her and she handed her a gift and then she look over her shoulder to introduce the guy she is with to Piper. Percy felt really sick at that time. He felt like he just swallowed an acid that slowly killing him. 6 months, of course she has already moved on. He thought bitterly. It was his fault why they broke up in the first place anyway. Or was it? How did they break up anyway? He closed his eyes remembering where all it started. It all started when Annabeth missed Percy's mom birthday. They were supposed to meet at Sally's house to celebrate her birthday but Annabeth didn't show up because apparently she's too busy with her work that she forgot about the party. Let's just say that Percy was mad about it. They all knew how much Percy loves his mom. And to know the reason why she didn't make it was not enough for Percy. They ended fighting that night. Annabeth tried to apologize but Percy was having none of it. The fight escalated more. It wasn't even about Annabeth's missing the party anymore but more on how she is always busy. Annabeth finally snapped back at him. They throw back insults and accusations at each other. When she can't finally take it anymore she decided that they should just probably end it right then and then she just walk out on him without even waiting for his reply. Percy's world shattered right then. He didn't know that they will end up just like that after all these years. For the past few months they were already having problems due to conflicting schedules but they managed to make it through just like in college. He's supposed to run after her, to tell her that this is not the end that they're better than that. He's supposed to hold her and tell her how much he loves her and that he's not giving up on them. But he did none of it. He's too shocked that his brain temporarily freezes unable to think properly at that moment and that was his biggest mistake. It took him a week to finally talk to her after Jason, Piper and Leo's constant nagging on him. Of course he wants to fix it but part of him doesn't want to be the first to go and apologize to her. It wasn't just his fault. Every single time they fight he was always the one who apologize and right now he's being too stubborn about it. When they finally talk after a week of torture to them, their friends thought that they were finally going to get back together but none of it happened. They ended up fighting again which resulting to Annabeth finally moving out of their apartment. The fight was about Annabeth wanting space. She thought they both needed it. And of course Percy was against it, so they end up fighting again. Percy tried to get her back but she just pushed him away. After a month Annabeth was sent to Greece for a two month project. They never got a chance to talk before she went away. Percy was going out of his mind. It's a good thing Jason and Leo was there to support him. His two best friends were somehow mad at Annabeth. Even Jason and Piper got in a fight because of them. Piper was torn between Annabeth and Percy. They are both her friend. Piper tried to talk to Annabeth but the latter was prideful. Even though Annabeth didn't voice out her thoughts she knew that part of her regretted the decision she made. Before she leaves for Greece they did talk and Piper can tell that she still loves Percy but at the moment her work is far more important than him. Piper wanted to be mad at her but she respected her decision. She's just her friend and as a good friend you can't just demand her on what to do. Even though it breaks her heart to see how Percy was doing, Piper can't do anything but just to support her friend for her choice. Besides Annabeth's family, Piper was the only one present to say goodbye to her on the airport. She can't blame Jason and Leo for taking Percy's side. Before Annabeth finally go, she asked Piper to look out for Percy. And Piper promised her that she should not worry because they got him and she reminded her that she will always be her friend and that they will be waiting for her return. That was 6 months and a week ago. Oh yeah he was counting alright. He never really moved on. He knew that Annabeth just got back from Greece a week ago because her 2 months work was extended for another couple of months because the client was so impressed with her work. Percy hasn't seen her since she got back. Tonight will be the first time. And his heart aches by just seeing her. She's still beautiful just like before. It took all of him to hold back to running to her and hug her to death because that just how he misses her. Maybe coming here tonight was all a mistake. He knew that she will be there that's why he's drowning himself. He's not sure if he can act normal around her anymore, seeing that he's still madly in love with her. Reality sucks. Just as his eyes landed on her, he knew that he never stops loving her. He thought that he'd already move on. Jason and Leo forced him to go on dates and try to move on. God knows he tried hard but they weren't her. Just to stop his friends from pestering him he tried to fixed himself. All he needed was time anyway. It took him some time to finally get back on track and that was only a month ago. He lost a lot of weight during those times. His hair grew long and his eyes were so sad. He even grew a beard much to his friend's distaste. He looks much better right now though. He cut his hair just like how it used to be. He gained weight but not that much to get him back to his old shape. His eyes were still dull though. Percy was snapped back to reality when Jason and Leo appeared at his sides. "How are you doing there buddy?" Jason asks as he put his arm around him. Percy just shrugged and went to finishing his beer. "Woah take it easy bro." Leo teased. "So…" Jason started and Percy knows what he was about to say so he cut him off. "Yeah I already saw her." He admitted. His friends look at him curiously and with worry look on their eyes. "So?" He laughs bitterly. "What do you want me to say?" "You okay?" Jason asked. He shook his head. There's no point of denying it. "But don't worry I can manage." "You sure?" Leo asked again. He nodded. "So will it be okay if you go and say hi to her?" Jason inquired. Percy glanced at their way and for a moment they caught each other's gaze and he's definitely sure that Annabeth was shocked to see him. He tore his gaze away and looks at Jason. "I guess it wouldn't kill me to say hello to her for just a couple of minutes." "Hey no one is forcing you." Leo reminded him. "I know." "Are you really sure?" "Damn it guys. Don't make it more complicated. We've been through a lot together and it wouldn't be nice if I just ignored her just because she already moved on and I haven't." "Sorry Perce. We're just worried about you, even Piper.." "I know Jase and I'm thankful. Come on let's just say hello to her and be nice." Leo and Jason scowled at him. Percy knows that they're still a little upset at her. The three made way to Piper, Annabeth and her friend. Percy was aware that Annabeth was watching him. Jason went to kiss Piper on the cheek as they reach them. "It's been a long time Annabeth. How are you?" He asks formally. For a moment Annabeth tore her gaze away from Percy to look at Jason. She smiled hesitantly at him for his formality. "I'm fine. Thank you for asking." Percy just rolled his eyes from Jason's action. Then Annabeth turn her attention back to Percy. She can't help but study him after not seeing him for the past six months. He lost weight that's the first she noticed and then his eyes. His eyes that used to be so alive and vibrant but now it just looks so sad. "Hey Annabeth." Percy greeted while shoving his two hands in his pockets. "Hi." She greeted back. Percy didn't say anything else. Thankfully Leo butted in before things become more awkward. "Nice to see you again Annabeth. Who's your friend?" Percy wanted to shove Leo for being straightforward. And is he trying to kill him? Piper and Jason glared at Leo. "Umm this is Steve." Annabeth introduced him. "Steve these are my friends, Jason, Leo and Percy." Steve smiled at them as he offered his hand to shake. Percy cleared his throat. "Nice to see you're doing okay." He smiled sadly at her. And he wanted to add not just like me. She just smiled at him. Before he can't take it anymore, he politely excused himself. Annabeth just watched him go. Percy went back to the bar as he ordered