When Hannah Abbott was eighteen years old, she looked in the mirror in the Hufflepuff girls' loo and thought that it was wrong. Her eyes were too hard, her mouth had lost the tiny curve at the corners that used to make her look happy. Her hair was still tied with ribbons. She looked like a little girl- round face and wide eyes and pigtails. She couldn't feel like a little girl, not then. She cut off the pigtails when the war was over. "They were burnt in the Battle," she said to her father, who mourned them. Her mother had loved the pigtails, had tied them for her on the first day she went to the Hogwarts Express. Hannah had felt bad, initially, before remembering that she didn't have to live for her mother or her father or anyone else. She told Neville the truth- she got tired of looking in the mirror and looking like a little girl. She knew, now that she had a scar cutting over one eyebrow and an edge in her stare, she didn't really look like a little girl. She had seen too much. If anything, the pigtails had just made her look wrong. A girl who was at once young and old, innocent and not. Round face, wide eyes, pigtails- those were things for little girls. The scars and the edge, those were for the girl she'd become. She couldn't be both, and she couldn't help the face or the eyes, so it was the pigtails that went. Hannah had worn pigtails for most of her life. They were sensible and neat and cute. She was never naïve enough to claim that she'd been hardened by the war. If anything, it'd softened her. Made her realise what a gift it is to be human. Transformed the bitterness she hadn't even realised she had into something mournful and desperate, something soft and keen. Hardened- that was a word for what happened to some of the other DA. The ones who distrusted and doubted and shut themselves off from the world. Hannah had visited some of them, had sat in a chair next to Dennis Creevey and tried to make herself understand him. "It's not fair," he had said. "The world just sat and watched when people hurt us for no reason. They just let Hogwarts get turned into a prison, they let it get turned into a battlefield." Hannah had nodded, because it all made sense, but she had thought, privately, that it was a shame that Dennis couldn't see that there was still so much beauty that remained. «» When she was fifteen, Hannah had yelled at Ernie to shut up and realise for once in his life that it wasn't about what was right . He'd blinked twice at her, halting his tirade about how unfair everything was, betrayed and hurt and surprised, and she'd had to turn away. Half of her was sorry for yelling, but the rest was darkly satisfied. Let him be hurt, let him be surprised. Because they all are, because Cedric Diggory had been killed thoughtlessly, tossed aside like a rag, because all the fairness and loyalty and strength hadn't been enough. It had been the first time she'd thought that people really didn't deserve anything. That people were irreparably bad. After all, wasn't she? Weren't her friends and her parents and everyone else? It took a few years before she recognised that irreparably bad and inevitably bad are two different things, and that most people are the latter. When her hair was cut, she felt lighter- maybe because without the hair tugging down by her ears, her head was lighter, but it was almost like a physical relief. She didn't feel anything like the girl who'd been taken out of Herbology to the worst news of her life. She didn't feel anything like the girl who'd mourned Cedric Diggory. Hannah felt different, so she might as well look different. "It's new," said Ernie, who had never really thought very much of short hair on girls. "Different." "That's the point," said Hannah, and she ran a hand through it. It's cut to her chin, neatly bobbed. She had considered getting it spiky on top, but she'd rejected the idea on the grounds that it would give Ernie a veritable heart attack. "Well, I like it," said Susan, and she stood up and stretched a hand carefully to ruffle at it. "It's grown-up. Cute." "Is it?" said Hannah, who wasn't sure if she really liked the combination of descriptions. "Thanks." "Yes, definitely," said Justin, stretched across Hannah's bed shooting lazy sparks at the ceiling. "Very sophisticated. And utilitarian." That was better, Hannah thought. Hannah and Susan had been friends long before Hogwarts- her mother had been close to Susan's aunt, and they'd been like cousins growing up. They'd met Justin on the train, and Ernie had joined their little group in November of first year when he'd interrupted their conversation to say that he actually listened to the Auror Erwin radio dramas that Susan was trying to get Justin and Hannah into. She was lucky, and she knew it- there were other kids, even in her own House, who didn't have the luxury of a close group of friends. She shunned them too, because as a kid she'd been fearful of shaking the boat, of being anything but normal. It had been seventh year- way too late, she thought- when she approached Luna Lovegood and asked her about her necklace. "Oh, it's not a charm," said Luna, and she'd touched one of the corks delicately. "Daddy just makes them because he doesn't like to waste. The rest of the bottles were made into a windchime." "Oh," Hannah had said, tentatively. "That's neat. My mum never was much for crafts, but I always wished she was." "That's a shame," Luna had replied, and shrugged and looked Hannah in the eyes. Her gaze was bright, but almost unnervingly so. There was a thread of sorrow in the look, something Hannah had never noticed before. "My mum always loved it, she thought creativity was the most important thing to have." "Yeah," Hannah had said, suddenly remembering that Luna, too, had lost her mother. «» Susan had gone on the run, and Justin had gone to America. Hannah would ask, sometimes, what had happened. Susan hated to discuss it, and Hannah understood. It had been on the run that Susan had spun and Apparated to save herself, then waited for three days before accepting that her mother wasn't coming to get her. It had been on the run that Susan had lost the last member of her family to the two Wizarding Wars, and Hannah, who had never known loss until her mother, had never quite understood exactly how much of Susan's life had been shaped by it. Justin was always more willing to talk about being on the run, because really, nothing had happened. He'd attended a private school. He'd kept his magic secret. He'd been very, very safe. Hannah, for years afterwards, could never really decide if she resented him for it or not. Sure, sure he hasn't suffered like the rest of the DA, but she knew she shouldn't blame him. He didn't choose to be Muggleborn, after all, and he didn't choose to be born rich as all hell. He was just lucky, and try as she might, she could never hate him for it. She knew how Ernie's year was, because she spent it with him- watched as he paced around and fretted over whoever was at detention, watched him fuss at his hair and his fraying sleeves, watched him cry when he'd come back to the Great Hall during the Battle and seen the scale of their losses. She'd held his hand in both of her own and told him they did not have time to grieve. And Ernie had seen her year- watched her cry into her hands because she still felt like a little girl and what chance could she possibly have of doing anything brave or good or right? She had still worn her hair in pigtails then. She didn't properly grieve until long after the Battle, when the majority of the DA is recovering and out of hospital. It had hit her, watching the line of students going into the school, that they had lost so many, so many. She'd kept tabs on everyone in her House. She knew the names of everyone in the DA. The crowd was bigger than it might have been, because the Muggleborns came back and the kids who had been taken to Azkaban came back. But Hannah had known how many kids there were in the DA- almost ninety- and with forty-eight dead, they'd been devastated in the Battle. She cried on the train, with her face in her hands. Then she cried watching the blur of the countryside out the window and she cried in the carriages when she realised that those things had to be thestrals and of course she could see them of course she's seen too many children die. "Don't be afraid," said Luna, when she saw Hannah shiver. "They're very gentle." "I'm not scared," said Hannah. And, the weird thing was, she wasn't. Susan spent more and more time in the library, that year. Ernie spent his time in the Common Room because he got nervous when someone couldn't be found. Justin threw himself into his studies. Hannah, for her part, spent more and more time outside, in the gardens and greenhouses that Neville loved. It was easier to get her hands dirty, to feel like she was putting something in the world. She cried once when one of her Venomous Tentacula plants died. She had thought, maybe, that she'd have stopped crying after the war. That she'd cried herself out over it, the way Ginny and Neville had. But she'd always been prone to crying, and why should that be any different because everything else was? «» When Hannah had graduated from Hogwarts, she went around looking for a job. Neville hadn't even redone his last year, but gone straight into the Aurors instead. A number of the DA had. She ended up as the dishwasher for the Leaky Cauldron. It was boring work, boring and rather disgusting, but it was work, and so she scrubbed at trays and rinsed beer glasses and told herself it was something at least. It wasn't not as though she was the only member of the DA who'd always wanted a career, before everything had happened. She knew a few of them- cashiers and waiters and janitors, when once they'd wanted to Charm broomsticks or hunt trolls or be Potioneers. She'd entertained notions of being a Healer once, but after too many nights staying up and trying to help the students who came in after detentions, she thought that it'd be an unbearable job. How can you bear to watch people hurt, knowing you can't always help them? "You're overthinking it," said Neville, when she told him. "It's a starting job. It's just a different kind." "Do you think I'm throwing my future away?" she asked. Her father had said as much, when she'd told him. "No," he said. "You're biding your time. You'll get better jobs." "Maybe," said Hannah. She'd been working for eight months when she became a waitress, which was definitely a better job. No scrubbing, no rinsing, and she could make so much money off of stag parties that stared at her tits. She knew Neville didn't think it was classy (though, really, Neville never thought anything was) but if tips relied on neckline, she'd take what she got. "You look so different," said Justin, when she got him a cup of tea once. Justin had never been much for drinking. "So grown up." "It's my chest," she replied, in a mock whisper, and he'd sputtered and choked on