[Author's note: This fic is based heavily on the fic "We Grew" by writer "oh help", which, if you haven't read yet, you should really go read. It's a delightfully characterised and very well-written account of Dean and Seamus's lives during and after Hogwarts, and one of my favorite reads of all time.] Seamus wanted very, very badly to go on the run. With Dean. Of course with Dean. Maybe because he's always believed that two heads are better than one, maybe because Dean has become such an important piece of his life that he doesn't want to imagine them apart, maybe because he's impulsive and stupid. His mother is not a particularly formidable woman. She's petite, which he blames for his own stature, and mousy, which he pretends he isn't. Even so, she's about as stubborn as a troll when she wants to be. That's another trait Seamus pretends he didn't inherit. They rarely fight, simply because they rarely disagree. Seamus tells himself that it's because they're both smart, but really it's just that Seamus loves his mother a lot, and for her part, she hates to upset him. It's here that she draws the line. "You're not going on the run," she snaps. She is not focused on the fight as much as she is on her cooking; she is trying to supervise two charmed knives and a pot of water on the stove. "Fugitive from the law, running from the Death Eaters, starving to death, dying of exposure, I won't have it!" "Dean's not safe out on his own, is he?" Seamus shoots back. He's only a foot away from her, leaning on the counter and being unhelpful. "Nowhere in the whole of Britain or Ireland is gonna be safe. It's stupid to pretend that going back to Hogwarts'll protect anyone." "Watch who you call stupid," says his mother, but with very little menace. Seamus is reminded, fleetingly, that this is why he prefers not to fight her. He just feels guilty for doing it. "The worst you can do at school is break the rules. You go on the run, they could kill you." Seamus scowls. "I mean that Dean and I are a team, okay? We work together. We can survive together." " Seamus ," says his mother. "I said no." Seamus scowls again. In truth, he hasn't stopped scowling. It does not occur to Seamus that he could simply disobey his mother. Dean disappears without a goodbye. Seamus throws a book at the wall of his bedroom and kicks his trunk. His feet hurt now. His mother leaves him alone. ·¤· "We can't just let them get away with this," says Ginny. She is sitting on Neville's bed, cross-legged, pyjamas rolled up at the ankles because they're a little too long. "They're terrorising the school. Yelling at everyone, spreading their stupid lies, threatening people-" "What do you suggest we do?" demands Neville, who is sitting opposite her twisting the edge of his blanket. "We can't just go picking fights, Ginny! These are Death Eaters-" "We can't let them just pound us," counters Ginny. "There has to be something we can do! All we need to do is make it clear that there are ways to fight this-" "You realize they could kill us," says Seamus, who is lying in his own bed trying to spin a football on one finger. "Me and Neville are legally adults. Age isn't gonna protect everyone." "Don't be so morbid," says Ginny. "They can't hurt their students, it's illegal." "It is legal, remember Filch? Fifth year? You know what is illegal?" Seamus says, and he spins the football so aggressively that it tips off his finger and falls to the floor. "Killing people. Funny thing is, You-Know-Who doesn't care." He Summons the football and bounces it in one hand. "We're not dealing with You-Know-Who," says Neville. "No, we're just dealing with his devoted followers," says Seamus. "It isn't any different than other Death Eater just because they're both stupid." Seamus doesn't care to admit it, but he's afraid. ·¤· He hears about Dean in the first Potterwatch broadcast, in the list of witches and wizards missing, presumed on the run, and Lavender gives him a tentative look. He supposes she's worried for him. The other recent mention of Dean hadn't even been a mention of Dean and he'd gone berserk. But really, screw Alecto Carrow and her foul, Muggle-hating, bigoted mouth, anyway. He's moody. He's honestly moody a lot, though, so it's nothing special today. This has become his life, wisecracking and moodiness and serving detentions and lying awake at night because he can't ever sleep. What a fucking mess. Not that he cares. He stopped caring a while ago. He's been friends with Dean for six years, six years in which he didn't really make other friends. Now Dean is God knows where and Seamus doesn't have any friends. Sure, he has Neville. He has Lavender and Parvati. It isn't the same. For one thing, Neville doesn't ever want to talk about anything but the DA, which Seamus really doesn't care to discuss every goddamn day. And Lavender and Parvati are already best friends and Seamus really doesn't care to feel excluded all the time. So instead, he mopes around. Mopes when he's alone, at least, and does his best to be an idiot when he's not alone. It's just about the only thing he can do, be an idiot and make idiot jokes and do idiot things and take the lumps with good humour. "You never used to be so much trouble," Lavender says one day, her forehead wrinkled with worry, one hand on her hip. Seamus is slouching in his armchair; he has a wicked headache and truthfully, she isn't helping. "I've always been trouble," he says. "Just being louder about it now, is all." Lavender sighs and sits next to him on the couch. "It won't do anyone any favours if you keep doing these things, you know." "I'm sorry ," says Seamus. He wishes immediately that he had been a bit kinder about it; she bristles immediately, folds her arms. "Fine, then." "Fine," he shoots back, not really giving himself enough time to think it over. He might as well commit to pissing her off. God knows he feels awful already. What the hell. "I don't know why I bother," she says. "Then don't." "You never listen, do you? You're just so determined to get your stupid kicks off fighting anyone you want to." She's going to keep on going, Seamus realises. He wonders how long she's been mad at him, if it's only coming out now. He doesn't care. He will later, probably. "What do you want me to say, Lavender?" "Say you'll stop being such a," she says, then pauses, maybe unable to think of anything appropriately disdainful. "There's a difference between standing up to the Carrows and provoking them." "It's not like it matters," says Seamus, and he looks at his cuticles and not at Lavender. "It's not hurting anyone." "It's hurting you," she points out. "So?" says Seamus. Some third year is staring at them. Seamus glares until the kid looks away. "So, you're better than that," she says. "It's not your job to get beat up every week-" "If you say so," says Seamus, and he picks a bit of lint off the sleeve of his sleeve. Lavender makes a small huffing sound, so he can tell she's still mad. They don't say anything else. Maybe it's all been said already. Maybe Seamus just doesn't care. ·¤· His mother flips out when he tells her, of course. Says she won't send him back to Hogwarts, she's taking him on the run. Which is pretty hypocritical, really, since she'd fought him on that all summer. He has to be there, he tells her. He's a part of something. (It's been a long time since he felt like a part of something.) He doesn't fight her often. But really, he's fought pretty much everyone else by this point, so he might as well. Sometimes he thinks that she sees something in him that isn't there. It worries him, because sooner or later she'll realise he's no better than anyone else. He doesn't know if he wants that or not. Ginny sits on Neville's bed, and they talk more quietly now that Luna's gone. Seamus can still hear everything, but he's putting on a show of not listening. It's the usual crap. Ginny thinks the DA isn't doing enough. Neville agrees but says they need to be careful. They go back and forth for a while. Blah blah blah hope blah blah Carrows blah blah the DA blah blah Harry. "Does You-Know-Who keep tabs on you?" he asks Amycus in class. "Just to check you're doing your job?" Amycus frowns, but can't find anything to punish him for. "The Dark Lord… yes." "Does he know you're still getting mouth from dumb runty micks like me?" That was something punishable. His mother had asked him to be careful, before he'd left. "You don't have to fight them," she'd said. "You can help the school without getting hurt." He doesn't often fight her. He rarely disobeys her. What a mess. ·¤· He goes to Hagrid's party. It's a laugh, like the rest of his stupid life. Of course, the Carrows and a horde of their dumb Death Eater buddies bust in on it and they all have to run for it, but that's life. And they're all used to the Carrows busting in on things by now. Free time, study hour, other classes, meals- Seamus has gotten pulled out of all of these things. Usually without the opportunity to finish whatever he was doing. Not that he cares. He and Lavender are both caught in the Common Room because they bicker like idiots over who should stall the Carrows when they come calling, so they both get Cruciated, which is irritating just because it was totally avoidable. Seamus tells her she's stupid and she should have just left it to him. She tells him he's an insufferable prat and she's not helpless , you know. That's not what he meant, obviously, but when she gets to that part of any argument, there's no fighting her. "People are saying it'll get worse," says Ginny. "Kids, out in the school." "It is getting worse," says Neville. They are sitting on Neville's bed again. Seamus thinks it's rather unfair of them to have these conversations here. For one thing, he's here and he has to listen to them talking around in circles. For another thing, Hannah and Anthony aren't here, and they're the collective third leader without Luna. "If people start losing hope-" "It gives people hope when we stand up to them," says Neville. "That's why we do it." Well, no. Seamus does it because it's funny and he's stupid and because it's really the only thing he can do. They hear about Dean on Potterwatch. His group was killed on the run, and he's missing. Missing is better than dead, obviously. But really, knowing is better than having no fucking clue. Seamus kicks a wall after leaving the DA meeting. Lavender and Parvati watch him from a little ways away, clearly not too keen on approaching to see if he's alright. He hits the wall too, for good measure. Scrapes up his hand, fuck him. For the rest of the Potterwatch broadcasts he pays close attention to the lists, and Dean stays firmly in the "missing" list. Seamus is glad for it. Lavender gives him more wary looks and Neville asks him if he wants to talk about it. Seamus would rather lobotomise himself with a spoon. Neville lets it go and gives him concerned, encouraging looks for the rest of the week. He gives the Carrows more lip and comes back from detentions with a black eye and a bastard lot of bruises. Lavender