"Peeta? Peeta, are you okay? Can you hear me?" A voice breaks through the darkness. A throbbing begins in my temple and I wish the voice would leave. I was much happier in oblivion. The pain in my head is unbearable. I want to fall back into the blackness but the voice won't leave. "Peeta! Can you hear me? Are you okay?" The voice shatters the darkness into a million tiny pieces and light pierces my eyelids and blinds me. I turn my head to the side and scrunch my eyes shut again. The stabbing pain in my temple makes my head reel and I think I am going to pass out. "He's awake! Appam! He's awake!" the voice shouts. "Thank goodness! That bitch! She could have killed him and she doesn't even care!" "She makes me so angry! We have to do something Appam! Now!" "No," I mumble, still in a daze. I can't remember what they are talking about but it sounds like there could be trouble if they take the action they talk about. Something deep down makes me uneasy as they talk about it but the pain in my skull stops me from concentrating. "Peeta? Can you hear us?" I recognise the voice this time. It's Rye. He's one of my two older brothers. I try to reply but my answer is slurred. "Hm, yeah I can hear you." Suddenly Appam's voice is right beside me. Appam's the oldest of the three of us. He likes to try and take care of us; protect us. "Peeta, what happened?" I'd like to know as well but I have no recollection of anything before waking up in darkness. I try to remember but thinking of any sort causes the pain to intensify and I feel myself become dizzy. In fact, the whole world is lurching to the side and I close my eyes to shut it out. "Peeta?" my brothers chorus, worry creeping into their voices. I try to answer them but queasiness takes over and instead of speaking, I roll over and throw up over the floor. "Oh crap, Rye, we have got to clean this up or he is dead." "Ewww gross, I don't want to clean it up!" Rye protests. "Fine, I'll do it! You look after Peeta!" Appam snaps. "Fine!" Rye spits back. He leaves to go and get a drink of water for me. I lie my head back on the pillow, unable to do much else. I begin to shiver uncontrollably. I am suddenly freezing cold and I can't stop shaking. Appam comes over and pulls the blanket up around my chin. "Peeta, what's wrong? Why are you shaking? You cold?" I nod my head and the pain shoots through my temple again. Movement is not a good idea. I wince and touch the side of my head. "Okay, you just lie there Peeta," he advises me. I smile weakly and close my eyes again. Rye comes back up with the water and the two of them watch over me until I drain the whole glass. "We need to see how bad he is, Rye. Whether he has a concussion or not," Appam says matter-of-factly. "Yeah, yeah I know the drill," Rye shrugs him off. "Okay, Peeta, how many fingers am I holding up?" Slowly I open my eyes and the world starts spinning again. I force my eyes to stay open this time and fix my vision on Rye's hand. It's moving so much it looks like he has seven fingers on one hand. I pinch the bridge of my nose and bury my face into my fist. "Three?" I guess. "Lucky guess," Rye mutters. "Peeta, how many did you actually see?" Appam asks. "Seven," I mumble quietly after a long pause. "He's dizzy and throwing up - he definitely has concussion," Rye says. "We have to go and get that healer. What's her name? Everdeen?" "No!" I protest with all the energy I can muster, which isn't very convincing. "I'm fine!" I sit up quickly, causing my head to rush and the queasiness comes back again. For the second time, I throw up, which does not help to prove my case. What is wrong with me? What happened? I feel something warm and wet trickle down my face from where the pain emanates. Cautiously, I rub my face and am shocked when my hand becomes covered in a thick, blood red liquid. It takes me a moment to realise that it is blood. I recoil back from my hand. Where did the blood come from? Why am I covered in someone's blood? What the hell happened? It takes another few seconds for the realisation to dawn on me. "This...this is my blood," I stutter quietly, staring at my hand in awe. Just what is going on? "Awww crap, Appam. Those bandages you gave him aren't enough. He's bled right through them! He's going to need stitches. We have to get him to the healer!" "No! Don't take me there!" I shout weakly, although I won't have much choice in the matter. I won't be able to walk there so Appam and Rye will want to carry me. Even if I wasn't weakened by dizziness and blood loss, I couldn't stop both of them. "Sorry, Peeta, we got no choice. You need to see her and we can't bring her here - Mum would go mad!" Appam reasons. "And probably hit us too," Rye adds darkly. Bam! Suddenly a flash of a memory fills my vision. I can see Mother, screaming at me, calling me all sorts of horrible, derogatory names. I stand silently, watching helplessly as she lifts the rolling pin from the counter. I shrink away from her, scared of what she'll do but this only seems to anger her more. "You worthless little coward! You torture me but you're too afraid to take your punishment? What have I ever done to make you cower like this? Well this time, I'll give you a reason to be afraid!" she screams hysterically. She swings the rolling pin through the air and I shut my eyes. In a second, I feel it impact with the side of my head and then I feel the coldness of the concrete beneath my face. Coloured dots fill my vision and somewhere in the distance, I can hear my mother's rants. Then her voice is gone and I am left alone in total darkness. The memory intensifies the pain and a pained groan escapes my lips. I hold my head between my hands and Appam grabs me to hold me upright. "Peeta!" I bury my face in his shirt and grip it tightly. But the pain only increases and closing my eyes does nothing to help the dizziness. I feel my grip loosen as I lose consciousness and collapse. I dream that I am on a boat out at sea in District 4. The waves gently rock the boat while I lie in a chair on the deck. It is relaxing, with the sun gently warming my face. It feels comforting, safe. Suddenly, the sun disappears and I open my eyes to see hoards of dark, sinister clouds rolling in and blocking out the sunlight. Immediately rain pelts out of the sky, hammering the deck and the wind begins to howl. The boat lurches back and forth violently as the wind riles up the waves. I grab on to something and hold on for dear life. Huge waves are now breaking over the boat, trying to pull me into the unforgiving sea below. I try to hold on but with every wave my grip loosens until the largest wave breaks over me and pulls me under. I wake with a jolt just before I hit the icy sea. The dream seems to linger even after I am awake. I can still feel the waves move up and down, up and down beneath me, albeit at a gentler, more constant pace, unlike the violent waves during the storm. Am I still dreaming? Daringly, I peek out, half expecting to be on a boat. I am confused when I see dirt instead of water. How do I still feel waves if I'm on land? Is this a side effect of being hit in the head? I hope not. It makes my stomach uneasy and I moan. "Hey, you had better not throw up on us again!" Rye teases, half seriously. I want to ask where we are but I can't form a coherent sentence. "Wh-wh-where?" I murmur before Appam laughs and interrupts. "We're in the Seam, Peeta. We're taking you to see the healer, whether you like it or not!" I don't like it. I don't like it at all but I can't recall why. There was something there that I didn't want to run into. Why didn't I want to see Mrs Everdeen? Everdeen! Katniss! It all rushes back to me now. I try to protest, but I have lost my ability to form comprehensible words. I only can groan. I try to break my brother's hold on me but it's no use. Any movement makes my head reel and I am too weak to struggle. So I lie still and hope and wish that Katniss will not be home. I think, for one of the first times ever, I want Katniss to be out hunting in the forest with Gale. Of course, I'd prefer it if he wasn't there but right now, I'd take it happily. My brothers walk around to the back of the Everdeen's house and knock on the door. Little Prim opens the door and gasps when she sees me. "What happened?" she asks, pulling Appam inside. Rye follows behind and shuts the door. "He fell in the bakery and hit his head off the countertop," Appam lies. "It was your mother, wasn't it?" Prim asks quietly. Appam glares darkly into the distance but Prim takes his silence as a yes. She shakes her head sadly. "I'll go and get Mother," she says and walks out. Appam sets me down in a chair and pats my knee comfortingly. "Everything will be okay. She'll heal you up, Peeta." I stare at the floor, willing myself not to throw up again. Prim returns followed by Mrs Everdeen. Her eyes widen when she sees me, but she does not gasp. She walks across the room and kneels in front of me. "What happened, Peeta?" I don't answer. I just stare into her eyes and then down at the ground. Without looking away from me, Mrs Everdeen asks my brothers to leave. "I'll take care of Peeta, boys. You go home to your mother so she doesn't get suspicious." Rye and Appam begin to protest but I agree with Mrs Everdeen. "Guys, Mrs Everdeen's right." That's all I can manage before I think I am going to be sick. My brothers grumble but concede and go home. With them gone, Mrs Everdeen turns her attention back to me. "What happened, Peeta?" she tries again. "Was it your mother?" she asks gently. I sigh. "Yes ma'am," I whisper. She shakes her head but doesn't press me to say any more. I guess she doesn't want to upset me. "You're such a good boy," she says sadly. "Thank you ma'am," I say. "Let's get you cleaned up," she says. "Prim!" she calls. The door opens and Prim enters. I watch the door nervously, hoping that Katniss doesn't follow. Mrs Everdeen smiles. "Don't worry, Katniss is out hunting. I'll be finished with you long before she gets home." I nod gratefully, still unsure whether I can speak without vomiting. My head spins and I grimace. Prim takes my hand and squeezes it gently. "You'll be okay. Mum will fix you up." she smiles. "Thanks," I murmur. Mrs Everdeen cleans the wound on my head and then carefully stitches it up. I wince as she pulls the thread through the