" Even angels have their wicked schemes, and you take death to new extremes, but you'll always be my hero, even though you've lost your mind." Love is patient, love is kind and is not jealous; love does not brag and is not arrogant, does not act unbecomingly; it does not seek its own, is not provoked, does not take into account a wrong suffered, does not rejoice in unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never fails. A quote such as famous and adored as that surely would be the last thing to enter your mind upon death, especially when passing in the circumstances so much like Astrid Flux. Only a person such as her; hardened to the bone with hatred and bitterness, could not love herself let alone another, she had no ability to put others before herself, alone for the majority of her childhood she had never learned to think of others before herself. That, however, had all been blown to hell in the very moment her dark grey eyes clashed with blue, dislike for each other occurring instantly. She supposed now that it had been due his persona being so strangely like hers, yes their motives drastically different, but what lay in their hearts remained the same. They found solace in each other, both of their burning fire of hatred towards everything around them was doused out with each other's presence. But what was formed between them was not kind, nor unable to prevent jealousy, behaved unbecomingly and rejoiced in unrighteousness, it did not bear all things, for they were beyond terrified of that, and it did not hope nor believe all things. It did however endure all things, and despite every single odd to that very moment, it did not fail. For he was still there, the image of him blurred due to her fading sight, but there nonetheless, she felt his presence around as if it were second nature, and for the first time was thankful for such a thing. She supposed it was why she was content now, ready to pass, feeling life slip away from her, knowing she would finally be at peace in the world of slumber. Their first encounter had been in the training room, his large hand contrasted against her small pale one when both reaching for the same weapon. He scoffed, whacking her hand away and dismissing her with indifference before he once again reached for the sword, her simply sneering at him, not allowing him the pleasure to be aware of the fact his dismissal had gotten beneath her skin. She was not surprised of his arrogance, for the big red single number '2' that was plastered onto his uniform was self-explanatory of his behaviour. She, however, knew that it was a matter of proving herself, her district known for only a handful of victors, and the career alliance had already accepted her male partner, the stocky brunette with cold green eyes had no need to ask for acceptance, it was given. She despised him more than life itself, and the feelings were reciprocated, both for reasons running far deeper than just rivalry of a victor, Hazara Rock had been the golden son of District Four's mayor, hiring trainers especially from Two in order to compete. She hated him, hated him with every fibre in her being, the thought of him sickening her to the core and a burning hot passion of bitterness enveloped her whenever she laid eyes on him. He had volunteered of course, although it had been so cleverly done after she had been reaped, it was no coincidence, he hated her enough to volunteer, and with her name being called a year before she would be classified as too old, he would be killing two birds with one stone. Literally. She could almost laugh at it, not expecting any less, the boy had taken so much from her already, why should he not stop? He would continue until her life was taken too. What she hated the most was how justice had not been served, how he had feigned grievance for the loss of his mother, how he had comforted his own father as if it had been some mere accident. How he had gotten away with his treachery, and had taken the only person she deemed worth living for along with his mother. And for what reason? For her following her heart? Or perhaps it was because she had thought of herself before him, that for once he was not the centre of everything. He was selfish, and cruel, and in that respect she deemed him perfect for the Hunger Games. Their hatred for one another was far from unnoticed; their constant clash of volatile words to each other in training had caused a warning from the head game maker. This was what had eventually caused Cato Hadley to allow curiosity to get the better of him, for he truly was intrigued to see such animosity between two people who should have been united in a time such as this. He had been shunned by her of course, his earlier dismissal of her abilities had not been forgotten, and on that very note he began wondering if he had welcomed the wrong tribute into their alliance. The boy himself did not particularly like the male tribute from four, he spoke too much, and too loudly at that, questioning Cato's authority on many accounts, something which made the boy growl like a predator. He was a leader, he was a winner. He would be upstaged. The main event, however, had been on the night of the interviews, with the talks of the highest training scores, the Girl on Fire being the main topic; another had been on how exactly Astrid had outdone her district partner Hazara. That night she had been beyond difficult to work with, Astrid had never worn a dress, nor would she start now, and with enough of Finnick Odair's coaxing, they had at least been able to dress her in a pair of wet look leggings, silver heels that she could barely walk in, and her long black hair pulled into an elegant bun. Her father would have been proud of her that night, smiling softly towards the host Caesar, her laughing melding in with the audiences as she made crude jokes at the other victor's expenses, and she had become likeable. A contender. This was what caused the fire to burn into a blaze, her and Hazara's long-time hatred becoming a main centrepiece for the games. He had cracked. His usual self composed perfect boy façade and disappeared. That night, as she sat on her own in the lobby seating area, other tributes in groups around her, watching the interviews continue, she had not expected the cruel words that left Hazara's mouth in a soft whisper, as he leant over her chair, body close to hers as if it were an intimate moment. "Do you ever imagine how it feels to be burnt by fire?" he had murmured, "how the flames would lick at your skin? How you would scream in agony for however long until you died?" She had sucked him a breath then, biting onto her lip and willing herself to remain calm, knowing that this would have happened sooner or later, she attempted to stand, only for him to grab onto the back of her neck in a painful grip, and yank on her so that her body melded with his. Making her skin crawl, and her stomach to churn in disgust as she clenched her fists, ignoring the now deathly silent lobby as they begun to notice. "I heard him scream. Watched as the fire destroyed everything you knew, watched as he screamed with that whore ," he had lost the soft tone he once held, and now his voice came out strained, his resolve breaking as anger coursed through him, still managing to not raise his voice, "and the best part about it all? Was that I never enjoyed anything more than that." Her fist connected with his jaw before he could even realise what she had done, sending him reeling backwards and falling to the floor, she breathed heavily after that, watching as he registered what she had done. His face turning into a shade of red in anger, and came barrelling towards her, her crashed into her, causing them both to fall into a glass table, shattering beneath them and her blazer ripping from it. They had broken many things that night, Hazara going as far to head-butt a peacekeeper, and successfully knocking him out, in order to continue his brawl with her. Both obtaining several cuts and bruises from each other, until they were pulled apart from their mentor and several other peacekeepers, the both of them screaming profanities as they went. Large arms wrapped around her and yanking her away as the rest of the capitol citizens and tributes watched on in awe. Astrid had been ready to claw at which ever peacekeeper that had the audacity to man handle her in such a way, watching the crowd of people and broken inanimate objects move further and further away as she was dragged to the elevators. That night had been her breakthrough with Cato Hadley, for she had only then realised it had been him who had pulled her from the mess, his face blank and speaking no words as she calmed down inside the elevator, her hands trembling in anger at the thought of Hazara's words. She and Cato had gained something from each other that night, something she hadn't realised until it was too late, when the elevator doors had closed and he had nodded at her; respect. It didn't stop there, for he seemed to be rather lenient with her life at the Cornucopia, catching her just as she was heading for a weapon, and she had frozen, her grey eyes clashing with his blue ones once more, before he again nodded towards her, as if she were a tribute in his alliance and barrelled pass her towards an outer district. She would have thanked him if given the chance, only the cornucopia bloodbath was not a moment to take your time with such things, and she had left, intent on working alone and to catch Hazara at the end, taking his victory from beneath him and revelling in the sweet revenge she had craved for all these years. She needed it, knowing that all those talks of revenge not bringing you peace did not apply with her, because she would feel no peace until justice was served, until he was dead. Her time in the arena had been relatively quiet after that, the game makers not seeming interested in bothering her, they were saving her for the very end, for the entire country new that her final battle with Hazara would be one to watch. It was in this time, that she once again encountered the enigma that was Cato Hadley, his golden hair dishevelled and dirty, blue eyes glazed and unaware of their surroundings, practically stumbling through the forest, sword dragging behind him. She had laughed then, watching his pathetic attempts to swing at invisible forces, figuring out that he must be intoxicated in some way. Tucking a lose strand of black hair behind her ear she had stepped out of her hiding place, exchanging a few words with the golden boy, words she knew he would not remember, before aiding him. She still didn't know why, except for the fact that he had spared her life in the beginning, but she had felt something she had never felt before; pity. He had been a sitting duck, the disabled tribute from ten could have easily slayed him, Cato's co-ordination and common sense had been rendered useless, and she had learned exactly why