Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games Series; all you recognize belongs to Suzanne Collins. A/N: So, after watching the first Hunger Games film and finding out it was a book adaptation, I decided to read the series. Needless to say I loved it, and decided on trying a fan-fiction about it. So far, it's just an idea. Hopefully you'll like it. Reviews are very much appreciated. Happy reading Chapter 1 THE NEW REGIMEN The night is dull, there's no breeze and the stars remain unseen upon the skies. There are no sounds, no lights, nothing but the passing of minutes that go by as silent as if they don't even exist. It feels like the world has stopped, sucked in its breath and just decided to watch as the tears that preferred never slipping, escape his blue eyes. His breathe is slow and painful as he watches an empty television screen, as if he's waiting for it to tune alive and tell him that the past days haven't been real, that it's all a lie, that he doesn't have to fear for his family's sake, that she hasn't snapped, that she hasn't been arrested and locked away. But the TV remains dead; the symbol of the New Capitol doesn't appear. President Paylor's face doesn't show. She will not speak reassuring words to him, to us; and his semblance never seemed darker. "Dad?" a small voice breaks the silence, and his sad eyes, absent of the joy they have held since I can remember, fall upon Piper. "Dad, when can we go see mom?" He doesn't answer right away. He glances back at the TV for a second and smiles sadly at my sister before he holds his hand out, asking her to approach him. I watch her take small steps toward him, her long dark brown hair falling messily along her back, her eyes, blue as his, redden by the tears that refuse to stop falling. "I don't know, cupcake," he says as he rubs the back of his nineteen-year-old daughter, while she sits next to him, placing her head on his shoulder. I watch them cry together for our absent mother and refuse to feel bothered by it. I will not cry; I'm not a baby. I'm strong, unlike Piper. So I turn my back to my broken family and mean to go back to bed, but his voice stops me. "Kaleb?" I look behind me to see my father's hand reaching out to me, wanting me to join them. I look coldly at his hand, then at his face and then at Piper's. I don't mumble a word; I just ignore the gesture and go back upstairs, where the nightmare that has been haunting me for days awaits me. That nightmare responsible for my broken family, responsible for the un-forgiveness I feel towards them; towards my father, towards Piper, towards my mother especially. That same nightmare in which her grey eyes open wide after she realizes what she tried to do. A nightmare that I will gladly miss when a brand new one filled with revenge and guilt, replaces it. . . . "Are you sure you don't want to come?" "Yes," "Alright," I hear my father reply quietly as he shuffles around the living room, looking for his scarf. I stare outside the window while a small, tanned boy in a blue bike makes his way through the wet pavement, rushing by our street throwing today's newspaper. The rolled up paper he throws last hits Haymitch's door with a dry thud and falls to the porch, where it is bound to stay all day. I watch the boy get on with his job and feel bothered by the normalcy of everything this horrid morning. "Here," dad says just as I turn to go have breakfast with disdain polluting my brain. I take the signed permission slip I was supposed to give my history teacher last week, when he gave us the piece of paper that requested our parents' permission to go on a field trip to District 2 today. I say nothing to the man handing me the paper and walk over to the kitchen, where Piper is finishing a cup of tea. "You should come," my sister says softly, not looking away from her now empty mug, like she was embarrassed to say it looking at me in the eye. "I'm not going to," I reply harshly just as our father walks in and stares at me from the door frame. "She's your mother," he says patiently, most likely knowing that I'll say the same thing I always say whenever either one of them brings Katniss up. "I don't care." I watch him stare at the bruises on my neck, letting out a long sigh. He no longer cringes at the sight of the injuries she left behind, but I can tell that they will probably never stop bothering him, even after they are long gone. We say nothing else to each other for the next few minutes. I eat my toast quietly, he sips his tea quietly and Piper just sits there… quietly as well. It's been a week since Katniss was institutionalized for the psychotic episode that almost got me killed, and her being locked away seems to have created more tension between my family and me than the fact that she tried to kill me. "You don't have to go to school today if you don't want to," dad says, his face calm and kind, as if my behavior for the past days wasn't enough to upset him. "You don't have to go to the nut-house if you don't want to," I tell him back looking at him in the eye, not in the witty manner I've been using against him and Piper, not in the ungrateful and disrespectful tone I keep talking to him in, but in the tone a little boy uses when he asks in slight desperation if Santa Claus is real. "Kal…" "Good luck today, dad," I say rather coldly before I jump off my chair and walk out of the kitchen leaving an unfinished breakfast behind me. I sprint upstairs and lock the door shut before sliding against it and sitting on the floor. I stay there for a few minutes, unmoving, trying to think only of my own breathing until I hear ever so faintly the main door close behind my father and Piper. I stare at the blank wall in front of me, trying not to feel like the scumbag I've acting like lately. I do not intend to harm my family with my words or actions. I don't want them to hurt, but I feel overwhelmingly confused at times, and I don't know how I'm supposed to get over what's happened. I know my mother is sick, unstable and that she doesn't really want me dead. I know that a person with so many horrid scars, beyond the ones you can see, can't be held responsible for how they react to certain things. But I can't help but hurt at the thought that my own mother tried to kill me, regardless of how sick she may be. I stand up after too many minutes died in silence and open the closet door to look for a scarf or anything to cover my neck. I would rather stay home than go to school, where most likely everyone knows what has happened. But if I stay I'll just think about it, and I don't really want to spend my day reliving the worst seconds in this short life of mine. I take a blue scarf Piper gave me last Christmas from the rack and mean to put it on, but as soon as my eyes fall upon my reflection in the inside of the closet door, I stop dead. The bruises look worse than what I imagined. I haven't looked at myself in the mirror since Katniss was taken away. I guess she did more harm than the first glance suggested. I touch my fingertips to my bruised collarbone and feel like throwing up the three bites of toast I ate earlier. They don't hurt that much physically, but emotionally, they feel like a thick rope chocking me to death. It feels as if she had never moved her hands, as if no one ever stopped her; as if she was still clinging to my neck, crushing my bones with hers. I don't think I'll ever understand what happened that night. I'll never know what upset her so that she felt the need to end my life. The doctors say she'll regain her sanity sooner or later. According to Piper, who has been handling this whole affair rather well, maybe then I will be able to ask Katniss for a reason. I don't think I ever will, though. I don't want to see her again as long as I live. I will never talk to her again. I will never see her the same way. And no matter what my father or Piper say, I will never forgive her. They don't understand. To Piper it's easy to pretend that Katniss' psychotic episode isn't as grave as it actually is. She will never understand the horrible, horrible feeling of being battered by your own mother. She doesn't know how it feels like to have the same hands that carried you when you couldn't walk, the same hands that patted your back when you accomplished something, the same hands that comforted you when you got hurt, wrapped around your neck trying to keep you from ever taking another breathe. The thought of the woman, who gave me life, trying to take it away, is sickening beyond what words can describe. My father, on the other hand, can only understand her . He knows what's like to lose control over oneself. He knows what's like to hurt others without really meaning to. He knows, because he's done it. Because he too, once tried killing the woman he loved the most, when the old Capitol had hijacked his memories and turned him into a machine programmed to kill Katniss Everdeen. Nevertheless, he knows what's like to be in her shoes, not mine. He wasn't the same kind of victim I am. He'll never know how difficult it is to get past it, or that at least to me, for now, seems simply impossible. I close the closet door harshly, tired of watching my reflection look weak and fragile. There's no point in pondering about things that can't be taken away or undone, so I just grab my jacket and my bag from the floor and exit my room. As I walk outside my house, I can't help feeling grateful towards the weather for giving us such a cold autumn. I tightened the scarf in charge of hiding the events of the past week and start walking through puddles to school. "Hey," I suddenly hear just as I walk through the gates of Appalachia's secondary school. "Hey, Nash," I greet a tanned boy as he swings one of his arms around my shoulders in the most carefree manner possible. "Thought you weren't coming today." "I have a field trip," is all I bothered saying. "Nat told me 'bout that," he says "Still, I thought you'd lock yourself up after… you know." I don't bother replying to that, after all, I don't owe Nash Dimllet anything but common courtesy. He's nothing close to a friend to me; he's just some kid who happens to be my girlfriend's younger brother. Although, sometimes, he seems to forget that and goes on and on about things he shouldn't really have an opinion on. Like now. "… because, you know, she's sick," he's saying just as I finally spot my history teacher while he calls out for my classmates to start getting onto the yellow bus that will take us to the train station. "Talk