Screwed and Swirled By: Lauthica Green Clinkenbeard DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE LORD OF THE RINGS OR ANY OF THE CHARATURES FROM ANY OF THE MOVIES, BOOKS, ETC, ETC…THE ORIGINAL CHARACTURES ARE MINE HOWEVER ANY ORGANIZATIONS THEY BELONG TO, CLOTHES THAT THEY WEAR, WORLDS OR KINGDOMS THEY LIVE IN ARE NOT, ETC, ETC, ETC. THIS STORY WAS MADE FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND I DON'T EXPECT NOR EVEN WANT ANY MONETARY GAIN. THIS DISCLAIMER APPLIES TO EVERY CHAPTER, EVERY SENTENCE, EVERY WORD, EVERY LETTER, ETC, ETC, ETC. ANY REFERENCES TO ANY SONGS, DRINKS, AND SITUATIONS BELONG TO THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS. ANY RESEMBLANCE TO PEOPLE LIVING OR DEAD IS COMPLETELY CONICIDENCE. THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION. CONTAINS STRONG ADULT MATERIAL SUCH AS DRUG USE, STRONG LANGUAGE, VIOLENCE, ADULT SITUATIONS, AND SEXUAL CONTENT AND IS NOT INTENDED TO BE READ BY ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 18. IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 PLEASE DO NOT READ THIS STORY. THIS STORY MAY CONTAIN PLOT SPOILERS IF YOU HAVE NOT READ THE BOOKS, WATCH THE MOVIES, OR PLAYED ANY OF THE GAMES. You get the drift? Author's Note: Hello Fans! I'm back! I know that many of you have been waiting a long time since I last posted anything and I fully intend to return to the other woks within the next few weeks. I experienced a very tragic death in my immediate family and it's taken me a long time to get back not only onto my feet, but also get back into my right mind as well. And if you are reading my work for the first time, I welcome you. To my diehards this story may seem a little odd compared to my other more serious works. It was born on my friend's porch after a few beers and a cloud of bubble fumes from a children's birthday party and is entirely a parody story based solely for the purpose of comedy, so please don't flame me too badly in the reviews. This story is dedicated to my friend, Eden as her birthday present. I hope all, old and new, will enjoy it. Sincerely, Lauthica Green Clinkenbeard Chapter One: Disheveled The bar counter shook as the four friends slammed down their now empty shot glasses. "Cheers!" "To Frank!" "Happy Birthday, Frank!" "Aw, thanks guys," Frank said as he ran his hand through his curly, black hair and wiped away a few drops of whiskey from his burly, beard. "We couldn't have done it without Sam," said another man wearing a black, skull and crossbones bandana that tapered into his long, brown ponytail, "She closed the bar early for us," "I never would have thought you would ever own a bar," said a small, redheaded woman toward the bartender, "She talked about it for years and years. I never thought it was going to happen," "Gee, thanks Michelle," Sam said as she gathered up the empty shot glasses, "And go fuck yourself," she said laughing as she reached for the half-empty bottle of Jim Beam's Devil's Cut. "Frank, Michelle, Lance, are you guys ready for another?" "No, no!" Lance, the man with the ponytail, said holding up his hand, "I'm all whiskied out, but I'll take a Jager Bomb," "Vegas bomb!" Michelle, the small redhead, exclaimed as she held up her Mike's Hard Lemonade into the air. "I'll stick with whiskey," Frank said as he chugged down the rest of his Bud Light, "And beer me," Sam, a tall, voluptuous blonde, fixed their shots and handed out the beers and cocktails for another two hours. Michelle proceeded to blow up the juke-box with Hip Hop while fighting with Lance who wanted a power-hour of Gun's N Roses while ripping off his Goonies T-shirt and dancing on and off the pool table. Frank chugged beers and downed shots until he threw up almost all of his funfetti cake and then continued to drink and repeat. Sam eventually gave up on keeping up with washing the glasses and joined the festivities of dancing, comforting the nauseated Frank, attempting to keep Lance clothed and keep him from breaking pool sticks over his knees, listened to a drunk and extremely over-emotional Michelle as she cried and complained about her asshole ex-husband, and unlocking the door for a couple of other friends who arrived at the party late; Kyle "The Bateman" and Jimmy, Michelle's current boyfriend. "Frank?" Kyle asked sitting down at the table. Frank was slumped over sleeping with one of his eyes open and glossy, drooling on the table, and still holding onto his Bud Light with a deathlike grip. Kyle poked his friend a couple of times in his cheek only getting a grunt and a moan from the birthday boy, and turned toward Sam, "Yup, he's done." He said and let out a deep bellied laugh. "Are you ok to take him home?" Sam asked. "What? Me?" Kyle said, "No way! I live on the other side of town," "Oh! That's right, I forgot that Frank moved out and got his own place," Sam said. "WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Lance exclaimed as he ran past the table completely nude. "Him," Kyle said pointing with his thumb, "I can handle," "Well, that's one off the list," Sam said glancing over at Michelle who was now openly weeping onto Jimmy's shoulder, "They will be walking back to her place…I guess I can take Frank home," Sam said standing up from the table, "Keep an eye on Sir Godiva and the emotional hobbit while Jimmy and I carry Frank to my truck," "Where the hell are Lance's clothes anyway?" Kyle asked bending over to pick up the remains of the Goonies t-shirt. "He hides them," Sam said as she gestured toward Jimmy to come and help, "Easter's come early, good luck bud," After about twenty minutes of lugging drunk, dead weight through the deserted parking lot and coming to a negotiation with Lance that he didn't have the wear his pants in Kyle's car as long as he wore his underwear, which, much to Kyle's lack of luck, was a studded, leather thong, the friends parted their ways. Frank snoozed away peacefully in the passenger seat of Sam's green F150 as she followed the directions Kyle had been nice enough to write down for her to Frank's new house. And Kyle hadn't been kidding about it being on the other side of town, it felt more like the other side of the county. Passing barns and cornfields she finally turned into the long, wooded. shady driveway. "Jesus Christ, Frank," Sam said as she parked her truck by the front door, "Amityville much?" She got out of the truck and circled around to the passenger door and opened it. Frank jolted half-awake and got out of the truck before face planting into the gravel. "Oh for fuck sake, Frank," Sam said as she helped him back to his seat, "You're always going on about being Irish, start acting like it," Frank just groaned and leaned on her. She had already taken his keys before they even started the celebration and she fumbled with them in the lock until she finally found the right key and opened the door. "Come on, birthday boy, do you want the couch or can you make it to your bedroom?" Sam asked as she propped Frank up against the wall. "Bathroom," he slurred barely recognizable as English. "What?" Sam asked. "Toliet….Now…." Frank said "Ok, ok," Sam said as she let Frank lean on her down the hall. Eventually they made it to the bathroom and Frank slumped down onto the floor. He took his cell phone out of his pocket and attempted to set it on the sink, but it only tumbled onto the floor. Sam went to grab it but Frank held up his hand. "I'm good here," he said, "Just lock the door on your way o…..OUUUUUGGGHHCHHHHHHHCCHCCHCHHHHHH!" he said as more funfetti spewed into the toilet. Sam rolled her eyes. "Nighty night," she said as she left the bathroom and out of the house, double checking to make sure it was locked. She left his keys in his mailbox and headed home. That was the last night anyone saw Frank. "We are all worried," Sam said as she took a drag off of her cigarette. It had now been nearly four weeks since he disappeared and she sat comfortably in a patio chair on her friend Eden's porch. Eden was a stay at home mom and her nerdiest companion. "I bet," Eden said handing her a fresh, cold beer. "Kyle goes over to his house every day. The door is still locked, his keys still in the mailbox, and his car is still in the parking lot at my bar," Sam said as she opened the beer. "That's creepy as fuck," Eden said lighting a cigarette. "You should have seen the house," Sam said, "It's no wonder he got such a great deal on it," "Do you think he could be dead on the bathroom floor?" Eden asked. "No, Kyle finally went in to check on day four and he was nowhere to be seen. His cell phone was even still lying on the floor," Sam said and then she chuckled. "How can you laugh?" Eden asked. "Maybe he found a small opening in his wall that transported him into the mind of John Malkolvich," Sam said and the two friends busted out laughing. The next night, Sam was bartending and Eden was able to have a rare night out away from her kids. Kyle sat brooding at his usual seat at the bar downing shots of tequila and huge mugs of draft Woodchuck. "I should have taken him home," Kyle said toward Eden. "It wasn't your fault, and it wasn't Sam's fault. I'm sure he is fine and will be back any day," Eden said. "He's my best friend," Kyle said almost near tears. "Should we start putting his picture on milk cartons?" Eden asked. "For Frank?!" Sam said and started to laugh, "We would have to put his picture on bottles of Bud Light and Jim Beam." "What about that other guy?" Eden asked. "What other guy?" Kyle asked. "The naked one," Eden said. "She's never met Lance," Sam said as she refilled Kyle's shot glass. "Frank isn't with Lance, and besides, he went on vacation last week," Kyle said. "Are you sure Frank didn't go with him?" Sam asked. "I'm sure, I talked to Lance yesterday. He's in fucking Budapest," Kyle said as he took his shot angrily, "What kind of a friend takes off and goes to fucking Budapest when one of his friends goes missing and could be dead?!" "Oh, Kyle," Sam said gently resting her hand on his shoulder, "We have to stay positive. It's Frank. He's a tough man. He can take care of himself and…" The entire bar went silent as the side door slammed open so forcefully Sam thought the glass would surely shatter. A man entered wearing a long, green woolen tunic lined with furs. He had a shield on his back and a sword at his side. His hair was shaggy and his beard nearly dominated his face, smeared and caked in dirt and dried blood. "Uh…You can't have that sword in here, pal," Sam said leaning on the bar. The man was frozen like a deer in headlights. "I made it back?" he said barely above a whisper. Eden gasped and Kyle's full mug fell from his hand. "F….Frank?" Sam asked "Frank!" Eden exclaimed. Kyle stood up from the barstool, "Sam, get everybody out of this bar right now." "What?" she asked. "I'll pay the open tabs, get them out now!" Kyle yelled. Eden nearly jumped out of her skin. Kyle was an intimidating man; skin-headed with a long, bright red, braided Viking beard, broad shouldered and covered in tattoos and piercings, but he was always a kind and gentle guy. She didn't think she had