The Wild Westfold By: Lauthica Green Clinkenbeard DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE LORD OF THE RINGS OR ANY OF THE CHARATURES FROM ANY OF THE MOVIES, BOOKS, ETC, ETC…THE ORIGINAL CHARACTURES ARE MINE HOWEVER ANY ORGANIZATIONS THEY BELONG TO, CLOTHES THAT THEY WEAR, WORLDS OR KINGDOMS THEY LIVE IN ARE NOT, ETC, ETC, ETC. THIS STORY WAS MADE FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND I DON'T EXPECT NOR EVEN WANT ANY MONETARY GAIN. THIS DISCLAIMER APPLIES TO EVERY CHAPTER, EVERY SENTENCE, EVERY WORD, EVERY LETTER, ETC, ETC, ETC. ANY REFERENCES TO ANY SONGS, DRINKS, AND SITUATIONS BELONG TO THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS. ANY RESEMBLANCE TO PEOPLE LIVING OR DEAD IS CONPLETELY CONICIDENCE. THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION. CONTAINS STRONG ADULT MATERIAL SUCH AS DRUG USE, STRONG LANGUAGE, VIOLENCE, ADULT SITUATIONS, AND SEXUAL CONTENT AND IS NOT INTENDED TO BE READ BY ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 18. IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 PLEASE DO NOT READ THIS STORY. THIS STORY MAY CONTAIN PLOT SPOILERS IF YOU HAVE NOT READ THE BOOKS, WATCH THE MOVIES, OR PLAYED ANY OF THE GAMES. You get the drift? Chapter One: The Riddermark I was always a boisterous and wild child. While the other girls were busy playing with their hay filled, rag dolls and learning how to stich I would sneak away. I would play with the horses and run barefoot in the mud. I would follow the boys into the grasslands and practice sparring, wrestling, and throwing spears for as long as I could. Eventually I would be found and dragged back to my parents kicking and screaming. My mother would look upon me in despair, but she would say nothing; only furrowed her brow in shame and looked away while my father yelled, lectured, and eventually whipped me. "You embarrass this family!" he scolded. I was thirteen when I made up my mind to run away from home. I packed only a bit of bread and a water pouch in a makeshift satchel. I stole my brother's golden dagger and my father's horse leaving only a short note saying I was fleeing to Edoras. I lied to throw them off my trail. I was really planning on going north toward the elven woods. I had heard stories of the elves. Women were equal to the men and were even allowed to become soldiers and archers. I figured since they were immortal they wouldn't mind a few decades with me as part of their group. I rode north at first light under the blazing sunrise with the dagger, my satchel, and the clothes on my back. I rode on a full gallop for two days and nights. I had to put as much distance as I could between myself and what I had left behind. I took caution to avoid getting near any villages or towns. News of a missing girl would travel fast and lookouts would be placed with fervor at every outpost and tower. I knew I was drawing close to the northern border, no more than a day or two away, when on the third night my dreary eyes did not spot the uneven ground between a patch of rocks. The horse gave out a shrilling cry as he went down head first. I flew off over him. I heard a terrible snap. I moved slowly and checked my arms and legs. The snap hadn't come from me. I rose to my feet and slowly made my way in the dark toward the horse. He landed awkwardly on his head when he tripped and his neck had snapped. He was dead. I unloaded my satchel from the saddle and spared a few words of prayer for the horse before I quickly resumed my trek north. I had no time to lose now. I ran for as long as I could. At first light I had to stop. My heart and legs couldn't take anymore. I found a small stream and made a fire. I rinsed out my clothes and bathed. I wanted to be presentable when I reached the elves. When I was dressed again I wrapped myself in my cloak and rested by the fire. I fell asleep at some point because otherwise I never would have heard them coming. I woke from my slumber when a hand grabbed my arm and tried to lift me up. I hurried myself into an aware state and quickly shook my arm free. I scrambled to my feet screaming. I abandoned my satchel and hurried away wading through the stream. I looked back to see three wildmen on my trail. No doubt they had hoped to capture me and take me back to their caves in the Westfold. Inbreeding was a problem for them and I had no desire to be their next captured whore. I quickened my pace, but to no avail. They were much stronger and faster than me. They soon caught up and tackled me to the ground. They didn't say anything not even amongst themselves and quickly bound my hands together. They tied another rope around my neck and pulled me along with them like an animal on a leash. I wept. I wept for the horse. I wept to see my parents. I wept for the horrors I would soon see. They stopped to camp for the night in the dying rays of the setting sun. The older wildman, who was no doubt the leader, untied the leash from my neck and attached it to the bonds on my wrists and hands. He wasn't going to risk an escape of such a fair prize. When he was satisfied that the rope was securely tied around his waist he fell asleep by his comrades next to their fire. I moved as far away as I could from them without disturbing the elder one. Their smell was unbearable. Savages! I should have never left home. Death would have been a better outcome than being a prisoner till the end of my days. I decided that the next night I would throw myself into their fire and pray they were heavy sleepers. The wildmen were heavy sleepers indeed for they did not hear the galloping hooves approach the light of their fire. The galloping of the riders stopped shy a few yards from where the glow of fire lost the battle to the darkness of the night. I heard whispers as their shadows drew nearer the ground and began slowly circling the camp. I kept silently mouthing "Help me" hoping they could see. If I had fallen asleep that night the riders would have slain me along with the wildmen trespassing their lands. They must have seen my silent plea because the next thing I knew a spear flew from the dark sky and embedded itself into the chest of one of the lesser wild men. He gave out a cry as he was wretched from his sleep and grabbed at the spear. I covered my ears as best I could with my bound hands when I heard his blood spurt and gurgle about him. The other wildman and the elder quickly woke and rose. Unfortunately as the elder turned to flee from the situation he pulled me down. The leash was still tied to his waist. I screamed as my back scraped across the ground. I closed my eyes as I heard another scream. The other wildman had been struck down. I prayed to myself. Please! Please don't let the elder get away with me! Even in his old age the elder wildman was quick. I prayed he would be struck down. My eyelids unhinged when I heard galloping beside me. It was one of the riders. He unhooked an axe from his saddle. "Hyah!" he yelled as he ordered his horse to go faster. He got a few lengths ahead of me and he hurtled the axe with precise accuracy and cut the rope freeing me. I came to a stop, but laid in shock on the ground. "Whoah!" the rider said halting the horse. His companions rode ahead in pursuit of the elder. He turned his horse around and dismounted. Light from his companion's torches quickly receded as they pursued. The rider that freed me became a shadow of the night once again. I managed to lift myself up onto my knees. He walked over to me careful not to lose his footing in the dark. "Are you hurt Miss?" he asked. He unsheathed a small dagger from his belt and knelt down to cut the bonds on my hands. I didn't say anything. Now that I was no longer in danger the only thing that passed through my mind was the possibility of discovery and promptly taken home. I now wanted to go home more than anything, but I also now owed my father a horse, and I lost my brother's dagger that was given to him by our grandfather. I had an unpayable debt and being young and naïve I feared my retribution. "Miss?" He asked again. He knelt down and gently grabbed my shoulders. "Can you understand me?" he asked. I looked at him. His helmet covered most of his face and it was impossible to see any of his features in the dark. I said nothing still. Horses approached. His companion's returned. "We slayed the third, Captain." One rider said. "Very good, Hama." The captain said. "I need your help. I think she was rendered catatonic by the shock of our attack." The man called Hama dismounted his horse. The other rider held his torch high to illuminate the situation. Hama took off his helmet and carried it under his arm as he walked over. He was an older and stocky man. He too knelt next to the captain and set his helmet down at my side. A bit of light casted on the captain's face but he was still a stranger. The helmet made it impossible to tell his hair colour and when the light flashed in his eyes they were only shadowy, black pools. The captain took my hands in his and looked them over. "She has severe burns from the rope." He said and he reached behind him to a pouch on his belt. He pulled out two long strips of cloth and began to wrap them around my wrists. The shock of the raid was wearing off and my skin felt set aflame when the texture of the bandage reached my raw skin. Hama reached his hand out and lifted my chin. No doubt in an attempt to innocently check my face for cuts and scrapes. The captain had finished tying the bandages. I recoiled from Hama and tried to scoot away backward to get to my feet to flee. "Miss!" The captain called. I got a few feet away and tried to stand but I lost by balance and fell backward. I felt a sharp pain shoot down my spine when my back made contact with the hard soil of the grassland. I cried out for a moment and laid back completely still waiting for the twinge to pass. "Miss!" Hama said rushing over with the captain behind him. He rolled me over to my side gently and felt my back. He held it up into the light of the torch. He looked at the captain. "She is wounded. This is fresh blood." "She can't be properly looked after here in the dark." The captain said rising to his feet. "Make sure she hasn't broken anything. If she has a break, splint it quickly and prepare her to ride with us to the nearest outpost." "No!" I said trying to sit up but quickly grimaced at the pain in my back. "Calm yourself, child." Hama said. "We mean to help you. Don't move too much. You may have also broken a bone." He said feeling my arms and legs. "Nothing is broken, Captain." Hama called