Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. A special thanks to The Lonely God With a Box for beta'ing my story. A/N: I have adopted this story from Severus Addicted. I am making subtle changes to it, but it will basically be about the same premise as her original story. This is an A/U story. This story rarely follows cannon. It starts the summer after Harry's first year at Hogwarts. I hope you enjoy this story as much as I did. The characters are a bit OOC. Warnings: This story will contain Corporal Punishment. Talk of abuse. Nothing too graphic. If any of this bothers you, please feel free not to read. No flamers, please. A True Family Chapter 1: Finding Family Severus was seated in front of the Headmaster's desk waiting for him to start the meeting. Albus sighed and popped a Lemon Drop into his mouth, his eyes were twinkling madly. 'Oh great, I wonder what that old fool wants me to do already; school just got out yesterday!' Severus thought to himself. "Severus my boy I would like it if you could go to Harry's house and keep an eye on him for about two days then I want you to bring him here. I have some things to tell you two." Albus said. Severus' eyes went hard "No! Absolutely not. I will not go to the brat's house!" The twinkle in Albus' eyes disappeared. "Severus please. I need you to." Severus sighed, Albus always got his way. "Fine! Can't I just go get the brat now?" Albus shook his head "No I need you to see how he is treated there. I don't trust anyone else to do it." Albus explained. Severus growled but finally agreed. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Severus apparated to Number Four Privet Drive. Then he walked up the path and stopped at the white door. He charmed himself invisible then he slowly opened the door and walked in. When he got inside, he noticed that there were no pictures of The-Brat-Who-Lived anywhere. To tell the truth, if he didn't know any better, he would have thought Harry James Potter didn't live here. The next thing he noticed was a whale sitting on a peach colored couch. Oh correction, it was not a whale. It was actually, if you could believe it a man. Severus looked around the room some more and noticed a cupboard door locked with six different kinds of locks. His brow creased looking at the locks. 'I wonder what they keep in there.' Severus thought. The human whale of a man stood up and walked through a doorway. Very few things surprised Severus but he was surprised the man could fit through the doorway. Severus followed the large man. He looked around himself and noticed it was obviously a kitchen. There was a small circular table in the middle of the room with three chairs surrounding it. 'Why are there only three chairs? Aren't there four people in this house?' Severus thought to himself. The human whale sat down at the table and grabbed the newspaper. Severus walked over to an empty corner and just stood there for a while. All of a sudden a loud sound came crashing down the stairs. The sound was so loud it sounded like a herd of elephants. A young boy that looked like a lard walked into the room. "Pa, when is breakfast? I'm hungry." Dudley complained while sitting down at the table. Vernon looked over at his son and growled "As soon as that freak gets the bathroom done." Vernon answered. A few minutes later Harry slowly came down the stairs. Harry then cautiously entered the kitchen. "Well it's about bloody time!" Vernon yelled. "You're late getting breakfast, boy! Get started!" Harry put his head down. He was tired and upset. He'd been up since very early and he didn't want to deal with either of the male Dursleys. But when his uncle yelled at him for not having breakfast, it just snapped something inside of Harry. He got angry. "Well maybe if you wouldn't have made me clean the fucking bathroom spotless you would have had breakfast earlier!" Harry yelled back forgetting his place and who he was talking to. Vernon jumped from his chair. Harry's face paled when he saw his uncle coming for him. he was in front of Harry and slammed him up against the wall. Harry yelped when his head met the brick wall. "Don't you ever talk to me like that, boy!" Harry dropped to the ground. Vernon grabbed the small boy by his hair and picked him up. Once Harry was standing up, Vernon forced him to bend over the table. He then proceeded to beat the boy with a wooden spoon he gotten off the counter. After he was done beating the boy, he threw him on the floor and spat on him. Harry curled into a tiny ball hoping it would be over soon. Hoping he was done. Hoping he would just die. His last thought before two large hands grabbed him up and started dragging him towards the hallway was 'Why me?' Severus watched in horror as the human whale beat and then picked the fragile boy up by the arm and pulled him to the cupboard with the six different locks. Vernon literally threw Harry into the small cupboard and slammed the door shut then he locked all six locks and walked back to the kitchen. Hours later, when everyone left the house for their daily routine, Severus unlocked the door and opened it. Harry was sitting there looking out the door but he did not move a muscle. Severus knelt down and looked Harry in the eyes. The once bright excited emerald eyes were now dull and had no emotion showing in them. Harry looked at the man who was knelt in front of the doorway looking at him strange. "Mr. Potter?" came a familiar silky voice but it didn't have the normal vicious tone to it. Harry looked at him "Professor Snape." "Come, I'm taking you to Hogwarts." Severus grabbed Harry's arms and gently lifted him out of the cupboard. Harry stood outside the cupboard and looked at Severus. "Why did you come here?" Harry asked Severus rolled his eyes "I just told you that. I am not repeating myself. Now where is your trunk?" Harry lowered his eyes to the floor then muttered "I'm sorry." He then pointed to the cupboard. Severus knelt back down and saw the trunk in the back of the very small room. He pulled it out, noticing the large padlock on it. He quickly vanished the padlock then shrank the trunk to fit in his pocket. Severus sighed "Come let's go." Severus held his hand for Harry to take. Harry flinched back a little when Severus put his hand out to him. But once he realized he wasn't going to hit him he looked at the hand, then looked up at Severus in questioning. "Mr. Potter take a hold of my hand so we can apparate." Severus explained "Oh, well why didn't you say so?" Harry asked cheekily 'No wonder he got paddled today, he is so cheeky! If I ever had a son, he would never be cheeky or they would quickly find themselves over my lap!" Severus thought. Harry grabbed Severus' hand and with a pop they were gone. Harry fell on his butt when they landed. Harry looked around his surroundings. He saw Hogwarts and Hagrid's hut and the Whomping Willow. 'Home.' Harry thought as his eyes lingered by Hogwarts. Harry and Severus walked the path up to the castle. Albus was waiting for them at the Great Doors. When they reached Dumbledore, they stopped. Albus looked from Harry to Severus smiling widely; his eyes were twinkling so badly. "Why Severus," Albus twinkled. "I wasn't expecting you two until tomorrow." "Well, circumstances led to me taking him out of there now," the dour Professor said. "Well, you're here now. Come, my boys, we have much to discuss." Albus walked to his office. Severus and Harry followed closely behind. Once they got to the office Albus said the password then walked up the stairs and sat behind his desk. Harry and Severus both took a seat in front of the huge desk. "Why am I still here, Headmaster?" Severus asked "Because Severus, I need to talk to the both of you about something. But, first things first, what did you witness at the Dursley's?" Albus asked Severus' eyes went dark. He then looked over at Harry who's eyes were squinted in confusion. Severus finally looked back at the Headmaster "Many things. I saw Mr. Potter talk back and get shoved up against the wall. I saw him get spit upon and also I saw his uncle paddle him while he was forcefully held over the table." Albus' twinkle went dull, looking at the small boy, "Harry is that true?" Harry shook his head "No." "Do not lie!" Severus looked at Harry incredulously. Harry glared at him. "Who says I'm lying?" "Mr. Potter!" Severus scolded "Harry, please tell me the truth." Albus said softly. Harry thought about lying again but he knew if the greasy bastard saw it, he wouldn't win anyway. So he decided he better just tell the truth. Harry lowered his eyes to the floor and whispered "Yes sir." Albus looked saddened that Harry wouldn't look at either of them. He was also greatly upset that he placed Harry in that household in the first place. "Harry, have you ever told anyone about this?" Albus asked the young wizard in front of him. Harry looked up at the Headmaster and said softly "Once, but that didn't turn out good. Of course they believed my relatives more than me. I'm just a freak. Ever since then, I figured it was hopeless." Harry shrugged his shoulders. With his head down, Harry did not see the grimace on both elder wizard's faces when Harry referred to himself as 'Freak.' Albus sighed "You do know in light of these circumstances we will not send you back there anymore, right?" Harry looked up at the Headmaster. He won't be going back. He couldn't help the small gleam of hope that was rising in his belly. "Where do you suppose he will stay?" Severus asked hoping to God it wasn't Hogwarts. Albus smiled "I already have that figured out." "Where?" Severus asked "This is what I wanted to talk to you two about-" Seeing Severus was going to interrupt Albus put his hand up "Let me explain, Severus. Now Harry, your biological father was not James Potter. It was and is Professor Snape." Albus smiled at Harry. Harry's eyes went wide. "How is that possible?" Severus asked "He looks nothing like me." Albus took his eyes off of Harry to look at Severus in shock "Well Severus do I need to tell you about the birds and bees?" Severus was taken aback by the knowledge that the Boy-Who-Lived was in fact his son. He just absentmindedly shook his head no. "Good," Albus said oblivious to the internal struggle that was haunting his Potions' Professor. "Now, you remember that night with Lily you had?" Severus nodded. "Okay, well that night is when you conceived Harry. Now, as to why he looks nothing like you, that's because he has a very intensive Glamor on. Lily put it on as soon as he was born." Albus explained. Severus stared at Harry, his son, his and Lily's son. The boy he just witnessed being beaten and degraded with an attitude problem was in fact his son. 'Great, I'm the greasy git's son. How wonderful.' Harry thought to himself angrily. Harry looked at Albus hoping so badly this was all just a cruel joke. Albus saw the look on Harry's face and shook his head "No, Harry, this is no joke." Harry sighed "Bloody Hell." "Language!" Both adults scolded. 'It's English.' Harry