AN: Hello lovelies! Ok, for those of you who know me, you know that I am normally OBSESSED with Twilight fics, Paul/Bella being my normal pairing of choice(I know...confusing 'cause of the pen name and everything right? Oh well...what are you gonna do?) As of late, I have found myself completely and totally obsessed with a new fandom and a different bad boy. Now, with that being said, this is my first Katniss/Cato fic and my first Hunger Games fic all together. The characters are OOC and this is definitely AU, but I will try to stick to the canon version as much as I possibly can. All I ask is that you just bare with me and hopefully we'll make it out of this thing together! Until, next time! Happy Reading! Beta'd by: Astridt244...hearts you woman! Katniss POV I stood back in the training room, gauging the competition. For the first time since the reaping, the fact that I was soon to be in a fight to the death with 23 children was finally starting to hit home. I scanned the room watching as the other tributes made their way around the various training stations. My eyes land on the Career Tributes from Districts 1 and 2. The short brunette from 2 is focusing on knife throwing while the tall blond girl from 1 is trying her hand at archery. The term 'airhead' comes to mind when I think of her; completely bubbly and extremely ditzy. I watch as she shoots arrow after arrow at the targets. All of which scarcely reach the bulls-eye, flying slightly outside of it instead. Her stance is all wrong; sloppy. Her feet should be further apart. Shoulders relaxed, bow pulled tighter, raised higher. I sigh. Damn Haymitch and his rules. I'm itching to get my hands on a bow. To show what I'm really made of. I shake my head and continue to survey my surroundings. I continue to watch the careers, this time focusing on the males. The tall lanky boy from District 1 doesn't stand out much to me. All of his attention is focused on fawning over his district partner. Hmm. Staying alive apparently pales in comparison to her obvious charm and beauty. I thought.I fought to contain the giggle that threatens to bubble up through my lips, but to no avail. Before I have the power to stop myself, the tiniest of snickers breaks through. It's not enough to distract anyone; but I feel the eerie feeling of eyes locked on me. I turn my head to see that the golden haired boy from District 2 was watching me. No, not watching, studying; analyzing. I had heard about him. He had volunteered at the reaping; similar to myself, but he had volunteered for the wrong reasons. District 2 considered the games to be a chance at glory and apparently, he wanted his chance. I stood their locked in his gaze for what seemed like hours as his eyes raked over my entire body. I felt unclean; exposed. I almost felt as if I was standing there completely naked. He was sizing me up; feeling out the competition. I could tell by the way he looked at me. I took in his general appearance; he was freaking huge! He was big, tall and one hundred percent muscle; and oh so good-looking. Wait. Good-looking? I guess he could be under normal circumstances, but not in the Hunger Games. I shook my head and dispelled all thoughts of the monstrous boy from District 2. Absentmindedly, I made my way over to the knot tying station; his eyes following me the entire way. To say it was hard to focus would be an understatement. I was starting to sweat, the ropes at the station slipping through my fingers. I stopped to take a moment to steady myself; clenching and unclenching my fists. My skin felt flushed. I could feel heat radiating up to my ears. I shuddered at the thought of the scarlet coloring that I was sure was now adorning my skin. "Somebody's nervous ." My breathing hitched as the warmth from his breath fanned out across my face. Damn him! I didn't even hear him approach me. I gulped audibly; steeling myself. "W-what is there to be nervous about?" I stammered. He smirked as he picked up the ropes; pretending to focus on the task of knot tying. "You tell me, Girl on Fire. What has that beautiful skin of yours so red ?" I lift my eyes to meet his cruel, calculating gaze. I notice that his eyes are the brightest shade of blue; but they're cold and hard as steel. His gaze frightens me. "I-I don't know what you mean." "Sure you do fire-girl. You think I haven't noticed you watching us?" I gape at him. "I-I wasn't…" "Yes you were." He growled. He moved closer to me; leaning over to whisper in my ear. "You see, I've been watching you too, twelve. Trying to figure out what makes the Girl on Fire tick. I haven't been able to keep my eyes off you since the parade." He brushed his nose against my cheek, causing me to shudder. I felt him smirk against my ear. "You're scared of me, aren't you?" I bit my lip hard enough to draw blood. Yes, I was terrified, but he damn sure wasn't about to know that. He chuckled bitterly, continually running his nose behind my ear as he spoke. "You may have everyone here fooled fire-girl; but not me. You come across all brave and strong, but you and I both know that you're weak. You're just a scared little girl from District 12 and you're gonna die very soon, just like everyone else here. You'd better watch yourself in the arena. Cause I certainly will be." With that, he left me sitting there; palms sweating and heart racing. I was furious. Who the hell did he think he was? He was no better than me. I didn't give a damn where he was from. I'd give him a reason to be afraid. I stormed over to the archery station. I felt his eyes on me the entire time. Of course, Peeta ran interference, having witnessed the entire exchange no doubt. "Katniss! Katniss, stop!" "Leave me alone Peeta. I have a point to prove." "Focus, Katniss! Remember what Haymitch said; we can't show them our strengths. Not yet. " I knew what Peeta said was true, but right now, I didn't care. He was provoking me. I felt his eyes raking over me; assessing me, analyzing my every move. I looked up to meet those steel blue orbs; they were still just as cruel and calculating as before. I didn't want to admit it, but he unnerved me completely and the bad part was that he knew it. He smirked at me and I shuddered. Being under his scrutiny made me feel like a victim and I had to show him I wasn't. I had to show him that I wasn't easy pickings; and the only way I knew how was to get my hands on a bow. Ignoring Peeta's protests, I marched to the nearest archery station. I picked up the steel bow and carefully lined up my shot. I released the arrow and it went flying directly to the center of the target. All conversation in the room came to a standstill; every eye now focused on me. I felt the penetrating stares coming from the female careers. Ignoring them, I tossed my hair back and continued to shoot. Each arrow hitting its intended target. When my ammo was spent, I chanced a look around the room. I met Peeta's disapproving gaze and dropped my head. I knew I had just screwed up. I exposed my greatest strength to my enemy. I had broken rule number one. But as I lifted my gaze to those cruel, calculating, steel blue eyes, I noticed something else; awe. I smirked. I no longer felt like prey, but like an equal; an equal to one of the strongest Careers in this year's games. He let off a low whistle of appreciation. " Not bad , fire-girl . " He smirked at me and winked and all too soon that feeling of accomplishment had vanished; replaced by something completely unfamiliar. He licked his lips and went back to training; ruthlessly stabbing and decapitating the training dummies with his sword. I felt a fluttering in my stomach and it was soon followed by a wave of nausea. What had I just done? I barely had time to ponder the question before I was being hauled off my feet and out of the training room. I looked at the hand on my arm and followed it to an angry Peeta. "Where are you taking me?" "To Haymitch." He growled. "Hopefully he can fix this little screw up of yours." He dragged me down the hall until he stopped suddenly. He turned me to face him; anger and disbelief written all over his face. I had never seen Peeta so upset; and to know that I caused that made me feel terrible. "What the hell were you thinking, Katniss?" I shrugged. What was I thinking? What did he do to me to make me disobey Haymitch's orders? I just wanted to prove to him that I wasn't weak. He made me feel that way; weak and helpless, easy target. I'm nobody's target. "I don't know what's gotten into you, but provoking Cato and the other Careers isn't the smartest thing you've ever done. I hope for both our sakes that you haven't just signed your death warrant." As promised, Peeta dragged me to Haymitch's quarters where he proceeded to berate me before passing out in a drunken stupor. I sighed and helped Peeta carry Haymitch to bed. I turned to leave as he started to strip him. "Don't worry, Katniss. We'll figure something out. It'll be ok." I smiled at him and walked out the door, closing it firmly behind me. I walked the short distance down the hall and entered my room. I stripped out of my training clothes and decided to take a shower. As the warm water ran over my body, I replayed the events of the day. I couldn't move in the training room without Cato's eyes following me. As he watched me, the same predatory look etched on his face. Just the thought of those penetrating eyes of his gave me the shivers. I would have to stay away from him in the arena; until absolutely necessary. After stepping out of the shower, I dressed in a hurry. I was almost desperate to put the events of the day behind me. Unfortunately, my body disagreed with me. Even after I had been lying in bed for over an hour, sleep wouldn't come. I had tossed and turned the entire time; relentlessly readjusting my position in a fruitless attempt to bribe the sand man. After lying awake in bed for another twenty minutes, I decided to go exploring. I tiptoed my way past Peeta's and Haymitch's rooms and made my way to the elevator at the far end of the hall. I stepped in and pressed the button for roof access; cringing at the loud ding that echoed off the empty walls. I breathed a sigh of relief as the doors closed without anyone coming to investigate the cause of the noise. As I ascended up to the roof top, I peered out of the glass walls in the elevator; looking down upon the streets of the capitol, still blazoned with bright lights and fraught with citizens lining the streets, their parties and festivities still ongoing from earlier in the day. It sickened me. How anyone could willingly celebrate the deliberate sacrificing of 24 children ! I just couldn't bring myself to understand it. The elevator slowed as it reached its destination, the loud