MAGIC IS MIGHT: PUREBLOOD PRIDE AND MUGGLEBORN PREJUDICE Short Summary : When war breaks, it's drawn over Hadrian's Wall. Orphaned and raised by bigoted muggle relations, Harry embraced the Magical World and soon loathes anything and everything muggle. Clinging to his pureblood heritage, Harry is sorted into Slytherin and endeavours to remain unknown, but finds himself at the centre of a Civil War. AU, Civil War, Pureblood Culture, Slytherin HP, Non-BWL, Dark, Weasley Bashing, Begins 4 th year. Disclaimer : Harry Potter series belongs to J.K. ROWLING. Enjoy! Co-Written & Adopted from Septima Holen : Originally titled ' Contracting ' (Check Profile for more detail) Warnings : This work is rated M for future violence (nothing explicit) and references to sibling abuse (nothing explicit). There will be no explicit/graphic sexual or violent scenes, but they will be mentioned and referenced to throughout this work. Transgender-ism, gender fluidity, homosexuality, etc. will be present within this work, if you don't like this, don't read. Extended Summary : The Dark Lord marked his equal in Neville Longbottom, leaving the Potters to be burned alive by one fanatical Bellatrix Lestrange & crew. Orphaned, Harry is abandoned with his only living relatives, the muggle Durselys. Harry Potter never graced the halls of Hogwarts, Harry Peverell, however, did. Upon discovering his true heritage, Harry embraces pureblood culture and magical customs, hoping to escape his abusive past with muggles. He claims House Peverell as his own and endeavours to hide his true origins, instead striving for the reemergence of House Peverell. Sorted into Slytherin, Harry finds many purebloods of the darker variety that share his low views on muggles. Harry soon finds himself entrenched in pureblood politics and society, the half-breed Daphne Greengrass attempting to contract him with a betrothal all the while. When war breaks, lines are drawn, specifically over Hadrian's Wall; a Civil War begins between purebloods and blood-traitors; between Scotland and England. Harry declares his alliance to the Dark, fighting against the Light and the Boy-Who-Lived, Neville Longbottom. A/N : First of all, I owe an apology to my readers not only for the long awaited update, but also for the rewrite. All the chapters have been edited to varying extents (the first three previously published). I have my reasons for the rewrite, most prominently among them being the plot and flow of the work. I apologize if some of my readers dislike the new version of events and understand if you wish to un-follow or un-favourite this fanfiction. Please, however, refrain from asking me to repost the original work, as I wasn't happy with it, hence the long awaited update. My writings are purely for my own and others' enjoyment, if you don't enjoy the rewrite, don't' continue to read it. I have written an extended summary above that will be posted with the first five chapters for those wanting a more general overview of events. My original work had been geared more towards romance, which I wasn't that committed to. There still will be romance, but it will not be the main aspect of the plot – the rewrite on the other hand will focus on pureblood/magical culture, politics, war, etc.. Please read Author's note at the end of the chapter and I hope you enjoy. CHAPTER I – BEGINNINGS D aphne wasn't a particularly beautiful girl, or adolescent, which ever you prefer – she was the type of girl with a forgettable face and she was just that on most occasions, forgettable. It was a relatively warm midday in late august and the sun was three-quarters through the sky, a quarter away from darkness. She sat in her average sized room staring blankly at the white walls with nothing better to do or really no available freedom to do them. It was a quintessential moment to describe her life. A knock on her bedroom door brought her out of her stupor, well, a knock would be far too polite a term – it was actually her elder half-brother walking into her room without knocking, it brought her out of her stupor either way. She tensed immediately; Xavier was one of her least favorite half-brothers. Fortunately, he apparently wasn't in her room for what she had initially expected was his intent if the bored and slightly annoyed look in his eyes was anything to go by. "Father has requested you to come to his study for a meeting, immediately." Xavier spoke tersely and turned around to leave, but hesitated a moment. He turned back to look at her with a contemplative gaze and then spoke again in an uncaring tone. "Oh, and once your done with him could you come to my room?" He didn't wait for a response. "Perfect". Then he walked away to continue on with his day like he had never even spoken to her. She closed her eyes and sighed heavily, pushing her silken black locks out of her face – looking up at her ceiling in trepidation; a meeting with her Lord was never a good omen. With an exceptionally somber grace she stood to her feet and glanced at her bedroom mirror to ensure her headband was firmly in place and that she was acceptable looking before meeting her Lord. The walk through the Greengrass Manor wasn't a particularly long one since House Greengrass was not a overly large or ancient House, but that didn't mean that they were poor by any means. By the time she reached her Lord's study it had been five minutes since the request for her presence was delivered to her. With one final sigh she knocked once on her Lord's study door – a bastard, half-breed daughter may not deserve privacy but a Lord surely did. "Enter." Was the terse response that met her knock and so she gently opened the door, entered, and closed it silently behind her. She stood before her Lord's desk and bowed subtly in respect. "You requested my presence, my Lord." She was never to address him as father. "Indeed, have a seat, Daphne." She obediently satisfied his demand and immediately sat herself in one of the two fluffy armchairs facing his desk; he stared at her in silence for a moment and then spoke. He looked up to her after another moment, ice-blue eyes meeting an identical set. "As you well know your bastard status hinders your ability to meet the expectations of a child born to House Greengrass, but this should never prevent you from doing so." Their meetings always started out in this manner. "What I would like to address today will be detrimental in your future, Daphne. Tell me, do you seek the hand of any particular man or woman?" She was caught completely off guard by the question, but knew she should have expected it since she was around the age when the nobles began discussing possible betrothal contracts. Gathering herself together and speaking in a neutral tone she responded: "No, my Lord." She stated curtly, not particularly enthused by the topic. Her father nodded in understanding and then picked up a stack of parchment from atop his desk and handed it over to her. "I'm assuming you would prefer someone of your own age and of the opposite gender, correct?" She nodded. "This is a vague idea of what I know of your year's male students, the majority of the older years are either not suitable or taken and the younger years are unacceptable since I want you married off as soon as possible." It wasn't a surprise that he wanted her gone but she still winced internally. "From what I have gathered your only available and suitable potential partners are Heir Zacharias Smith, Heir Ernest Macmillan, Heir Anthony Goldstein, Heir Harry Peverell, Stephan Cornfoot, Lucas Moon, Blaise Zabini, and Michel Corner. What are your thoughts on these potential partners?" Daphne paused and looked over the list and contemplated how to answer. "Well… Michel Corner is not an option due to his homosexual status…" Her father interrupted her with a raised eyebrow. "I was not aware of this, cross him off the list then." She nodded and followed his command. "As for Blaise Zabini… I believe he is actually in a current relationship with Corner, but I do not believe he is only interested in those of the same sex." "I do not want to risk the ire of the Zabini family or the loss of the Corner alliance." She crossed those two out and continued. "It is not concrete, yet, but Stephan Cornfoot and Tracey Davis are currently negotiating a betrothal contract." Her father sighed and motioned her to cross him off the list as well. "As for Zacharias Smith, Ernest Macmillan, Lucas Moon, Harry Peverell, and Anthony Goldstein, they are currently all officially available, as far as I know." Her father nodded and rested his back to his desk chair and thought for a moment. "Heir Zacharias Smith is the last descendent of the Hufflepuff line since his immediate family was killed off in the war, as such there is no one with authority over him to arrange a betrothal for him. As you know this means that the only thing that would complicate a shared partnership is your ability to coincide together and reproduce – would you be able to win his hand?" Daphne knew very little about Smith besides him being a Hufflepuff, but they had been forced to do a runes project together last year and it had been very difficult to work together because of Smith's perceived entitlement. "No, I don't think I would be able to." Her father nodded in acceptance – he may not love her or anything of the sort but he could sympathize with a poor betrothal arrangement; her existence was proof of that. "Heir Ernest Macmillan is from an influential house with strong connections throughout the magical world, an alliance with the House of Macmillan would be a great boon to our own house." She paused and tried to think back to what little she knew of Macmillan and what she found was unimpressive – he was a Hufflepuff version of Draco Malfoy. "He could be a potential partner, but I truthfully don't believe we would be happy together – our relationship would be tolerable at best." "Moving on then, now we have Heir Harry Peverell. The boy is also a complete unknown, having come out to claim the dormant House Peverell and has had little to no societal interaction outside of school. His parents have yet to make a public appearance nor has his father made claim to being Lord of House Peverell, for this reason it has been rumoured that Heir Peverell is either orphaned or of creature blood, like yourself. However, this is yet to be seen. "As a student the boy has done relatively good work, being tenth in ranking within your year group, and has been nothing but an exemplary student. From what little information I have on his personality he has been described as polite, respectful, and shy – this is only coming from what little interaction the boy has had with other pureblood families. That is the extent of my knowledge." Daphne nodded for him to continue on. "Well, the other two left are Heir Anthony Goldstein and Lucas Moon." "Anthony Goldstein has… made it quite clear that he has little to no respect for relationships, at least for the foreseeable future, while Lucas Moon has made little initiative to interact with anyone at all besides his sister and cousins." Her father sighed at that, but nodded to her in understanding. "That limits your options significantly to only Heir Peverell, do you believe yourself capable of winning him over?" "I know very little about him, but I'll will attempt to do so." "This coming year there will be a Tri-wizard tournament held at Hogwarts, which should be kept secret, and during the tournament there will be a grand Yule Ball held