Title: Busting Santa Rating: M This was my entry for the Jingle All the Way Contest with Prompt Number 6 (photo of a fireplace). I didn't win, but I had fun and was trying to get my writing mojo back on track after having lots of personal things going on in my life the past year or so. Summary: The Grandpa's are always getting the children to do things that make Bella & Edward crazy all year long. Christmas is no exception; they just ramp it up bringing their A++ game. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Edward's POV It was a long day today and I was really happy to be home with my wife and kids. I finally got them all into bed after we put out cookies and milk for Santa, and at Seth's insistence carrots for the reindeer. Now not only do I have to feed Santa, but his reindeer too! I don't know when this happened because when I was a kid we only left cookies. I guess I can't complain as I'll be eating the cookies and my sweetheart of a wife bought my favorites, Oreo's. Bella promised that she'd eat the carrots. I'm totally not a fan of the orange sticks. I flopped onto the bed fully clothed and asked, "So we're feeding Santa's animals now too?" "I know the kids were all hyped up about them not having something even though I told them that Santa shared the cookies. They informed me that reindeer don't eat cookies. I mean how do they know this? Seriously when I was their age I hadn't a clue as to what a reindeer might eat and if my mom and dad told me they ate cookies, I'd accept it and move on." I had to laugh it was so crazy it was funny. "I know what you mean, I never questioned it either. They are just too smart for their own good, like their Aunt Alice." I grinned. "Yeah, I remember you telling me that she questioned everything growing up, so between that gene and you Mr. Valedictorian for every graduation how could they not be the smartest kids going." She smiled and leaned over to kiss me. I wrapped my arms around her and deepened the kiss causing her to moan. When she had to breathe, she pulled back. Looking into her lust filled eyes, which I'm sure mirrored my own, I knew right then that there would be no sleeping now and I was totally on board with that plan. I pulled her closer kissing her neck, chin and lips. My god she was sweet like chocolate. Bella grabbed my ass massaging it firmly and I moaned like a dog in heat. That'd be the luckiest dog on the planet. She pulled back from me and looked into my eyes and said, "why don't you go get cleaned up. I left something in the bathroom for you to wear tonight," she wiggled her eyebrows at me while palming my goods and the goods perked right up. Fuck, it was going to be a good night; maybe my devil outfit is in there. I loved playing devil and angel. "You don't say." I smirked and jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom striping out of my shirt and shoes along the way. I may have flexed my back muscles a bit too which caused her to moan out. I dropped my pants and boxers to the floor, washed my face, hands and teeth before looking at what she had laid out for me. What the fuck? Well no use in fighting it, I was getting sex with my sexy wife who was horny almost 24/7, but who was I kidding so was I. I quickly donned my outfit and walked out of the bathroom. "FUCK! You're gorgeous Mrs. Claus." There she was on the bed clad in a sheer red nightie with white fur trim which my cock took immediate notice. He jumped straight up to get a better look. Where she found that in her size I have no idea, but I was glad someone thought about making it. "Come here my deer." She wiggled her fingers at me to come to her and I practically ran to the bed. "Now that you're under the mistletoe, I believe there is a tradition that must be adhered to." She had a headband on that had mistletoe attached to it. "Hell yeah." I jumped on that tradition and attached my lips to hers as she pulled me onto the bed and started running her hands along my arms and chest before dipping them into my boxers. She took that rein in hand and started to jingle my bells. "Now my deer, you've been such a good boy and worked so hard that I want you to lie back because I'm going to massage your muscles and ride your sleigh tonight." "Fuck, I love when you get all themed out." She moved to straddle me and I helped her get her leg over my waist. Leaning up I kissed my Mrs. firmly and deeply earning me a nice lustful moan. "Can I unwrap you my dear?" She nodded and I reached up and slowly pulled the ribbon that held her nightie together which were just barely containing her ample breasts. I released the bow and peeled back the wrap to reveal her hardened nipples that begged for some sucking. Laving them slowly and carefully, I sucked and licked each one until she was writhing on top of me. It was then that I noticed my little vixen had on crotchless panties. "I know how you like my themes, my deer." She leaned back to remove my boxers and I pulled up to help wiggle them off. Hell my sleigh needed riding and fast. It was raging out of control and if she didn't ride it soon I was going to crash and burn. We couldn't have that because then there would be no Christmas. Bella lifted herself up and sunk all the way down onto my stick shift. We moaned out together and she took my hands in hers weaving our fingers together so that she'd have some leverage to move up and down me. She started moving slowly and that was when heard a sound coming from downstairs causing her to stop. "Shit, no, no, no. No stopping, keep going." I begged. "But what was that?" "I'm sure it was just Noel; you know how he's in everything." Damn cat. I'm going to kill Emmett one of these days for giving the kids that kitten last year for Christmas. Although, recently I came to the conclusion that I couldn't do that to mom and dad, and that revenge is a lot better. I had a plan that was about to unfold in about eight hours. "You're right." She started moving up and down again slowly, and then picking up speed. "Yes baby, keep going, you're so tight and wet for me. God YES!" "I love your big thick cookie inside me. I want it in me all the time. I'm going harder Edward; tell me if I hurt you." "You could never hurt me and my big cock…cookie loves your oven." She slammed down onto me which felt so damn good. She always worried when she was in this state that she'd hurt me. It's never happened. "Are you close baby, I'm so close." "Yes, Edward, touch me, let's fly through the sky together on your sleigh." I reached down, rubbed her swollen nub and instantly her walls constricted on my cookie causing it to spew forth its yeasty goodness into her easy bake oven. "HOLY FUCK BELLA!" I screamed as I rode out my orgasm. "HOLY FUCK IS RIGHT, MY DEER!" She collapsed onto me and I pulled her onto her side spooning her from behind. We laid there for a few moments before we heard another sound come from downstairs. "Edward, please check on that, I'm scared." We had a security system and cameras, but my woman was her father's daughter always waiting for the burglar. Well she did have her pepper spray that my father-in-law insists she needs. I'll never forget that night that I told him that I'm all she needs, big mistake. He looked me up and down and told me he could snap me like a twig and hide the body that no one would ever find. Yeah, that was date number two with Bella when that happened, but I stood up to him and said they could snap me as long as it would mean that it would give Bella the time to run away. After that he respected me and we got along fine. I only came to find out after we were married for a year that that was my test. He was testing me, but because I had a plan and was man enough to stand up to someone with a gun who could toss me in jail for no reason, I passed and was good enough to date his daughter. I also found out that when Mike Newton arrived the month before to take her out for a first date, they never made it out of the house. Pansy-ass Mike pissed his pants and ran out after seeing Charlie's guns all laid out on the table. I laughed so hard and was never more thankful that Charlie did that because it meant she was waiting for me, the guy with the big cojones and cock. "I'm sure it's just Noel." "Please. Pretty please with sugar on top." She pouted at me. Damn she knew I couldn't resist that look and pout. I was toast. "I'll nibble on your cookie when you get back." "Okay, my love, I'll check it out. How can I resist your sweet face AND a cookie nibble?" I wiggled my eyebrows at her. "Thank you my deer." I quickly tossed on my boxers and walked to the door. "Deer, take the baseball bat just in case." Bella grabbed it and walked over to hand it to me giving me a quick kiss and some words of encouragement. "Now be safe and protect my cookie." She palmed my cook…cock and went back to bed. Me and my cook…cock were in a right semi state wanting to be nibbled. So with that in mind I walked quietly but quickly downstairs and into the living room. I was greeted with a sight that was beyond anything I ever could've imagined. There sitting on the couch facing the fireplace were my demons. I moved around and stood in front of the couch to face them. "Okay, what's going on here?" "We're waiting for Santa?" Seth said in a duh manner. "Daddy you have no shirt, can we now go shirtless too?" "No, you know your mother wants everyone to wear shirts." Except me because she enjoys the view. "But you don't have one on?" Seth continued. Yeah because mommy didn't want me to wear one, she wanted me naked. "I had to rush down here because of a noise and I forgot." "Okay, we won't tell mommy." Seth said as if it was our secret. "Pee-pee alert daddy!" Colin exclaimed. Colin and Seth were our four-year-old twins. They were incredibly bright and always looking up to the other two. Colin was a surprise because we didn't know he was in there until the birth as his heartbeat was in sync with Seth's and he was hiding behind him. Bella thought she was pushing out the afterbirth and there he was. Needless to say, after that I lorded over Em that I had super sperm which is probably why I have Noel running around my house, revenge. "What?" "Daddy, pee-pee alert." Colin said again and pointed at me. Oh for the love of