Mine to Mark Contest Title: The Most Beautiful Mark Pen Name: Ruffluv Rating: M Genre: Crime/ Romance/Erotica Word Count: 3,894 Pairing: Edward/Bella Summary: Edward knew he was going after Bella; he just didn't bank on the how and the why... Rating: M Warning: Sexy times and bad words. Reference to weapons and mild violence. Disclaimer: I do not own The Twilight Saga , Mr. and Mrs. Smith , any other films/books with any similarities, or any works referred to herein. "Eyes on the screen, people. This is who we're looking for." My boss, Berty, pointed at the technology centre in our current base. It showed a stunningly sexy woman with pink, kissable lips, lovely bone structure, and perfect skin. This all seemed to contradict the cold look in her eyes, the "Come at me, bitch," attitude that seemed to emanate from her. But then it would; she had used her feminine wiles to win over a string of wealthy fools, finishing off anyone who had ever gotten in her way, Basic Instinct style. And now one of them had hired my firm to take her out. "Oh, yeah! I'm not sure what I wanna do more, fuck her or fight her!" Demetri was very happy with what he saw. "Shit, she's hot. But that bitch is going down, and I only mean that one way," were Mike's words. "Well, I think I'll be the one to put her there." Paul said, pressing ahead with a plan. "No, you won't. Not any of you. She's mine." She was the most beautiful mark I'd ever seen. I studied up on her, tracked her, basically ate, slept, and breathed her, all the while working through ways to complete the task I'd set for myself. I meant to sneak up behind her in a hired car and hit her from behind— Mmm...hit her from behind — but I failed to go through with it. I told myself it was because I wanted a more personal kill. I moved on to Plan B... Bella Swan: sweetheart to those who raised her, ruthless witch to those she's ripped off, and random stranger to the people in this coffee shop. She ordered a skinny— gotta keep that shape —cappuccino with cinnamon (what the fuck? Weird...) sprinkles every morning to start the day. But she wouldn't be served that today. It was about time she learned she can't always get what she wants. And if I hadn't gotten into the whole hitman thing, I always said I'd have liked to go into teaching... I'd paid off the teenager behind the till, and he'd taken my hot, pure espresso over to Bella, who had at least half that winning combo going on. I swaggered over to her. How did I know this would work? Well, let's just say I've never had trouble hooking up with girls. And when they've given up the goods? I've never had anyone ask for their money back. My boys would tell you I'm a lady killer, something that was about to be put to the test. "I believe there's been a mistake. This must be your coffee I have. You just can't get good staff these days!" I said, diving in to the operation with gusto. "Oh, right," she replied. "Strange, what with them being such different drinks..." "Yeah, well, maybe they were distracted. You are positively the most delicious thing in here, and I've had the double chocolate muffin." Cringe-worthy, sure, but it's all in the delivery. "Well..." She stared at me, waiting for a name. "Edward." "Edward. I do prefer my coffee with a little milk. And my chat-up attempts." "Ah, I see, so you like the shy, discerning type? I'm sorry, it probably was a bit strong." I made to leave, spilling some coffee on purpose. It poured onto her white V-neck T-shirt. I was taken with how the stain looked— like a smear, a symbol on her. From me. "I'm so sorry!" I swept up the napkins she had sitting on the table and tried to soak up what I could from her chest area. "Forget it!" She fought me off. Fuck! Feisty, one we are! "Allow me to make this up to you! Please, for my sake. I feel terrible. Let me take you out for dinner?" "Do you find this approach usually works?" "No, not at all. Then again, you seem...different." "And what seems different about me?" Dramatic pause. Then I pulled my prettiest, widest smile. "Everything." I almost saw her shield split down the middle. Dinner date done deal. Phase one complete. I'll let you in on a secret. You know that stunt that women pull where they're "fashionably late"? Well, it works for fellas, too. I didn't want to look like a Desperate Dan or a Keen Dean , even if this wasn't the real deal. "You kept me waiting long enough." She was at our table, tapping her fingers on the cloth. The only thing I wanted to tap was her . She had on another V-neck, but this belonged to what I believed women referred to as the "Little Black Dress." What? Reading Cosmo is good for research purposes…This V dipped lower. Much lower. Her brown hair hung over one shoulder. In the hand that wasn't worrying the tablecloth, she held a champagne flute up next to a fuck-hot pout. I almost forgot who I was let alone what I was supposed to be doing. "My apologies, Ma'am." I was stunned to my silliest by the sight before me. And I'd once been tasered with 100,000 volts... "Bite me" She said to my mock chivalry. I took a seat opposite her at the table and asked the waiter for a whiskey; I was going to need it. We ordered first and main courses, then made small talk till I tuned into the music playing. "Might I bother you for a dance?" I did my worst with the dashing charm offensive. "I thought this was about you sucking up to me after your mishap, and here you are asking me for more?" Sucking up to Bella...Christ, I'm a hopeless deviant! "Well, you can't hold it against me for trying." I held her against me as we made our way around the dance floor. "This music is wonderful!" With her out from behind the table, I could now admire her in full. She had a thigh-high slit in her dress, and the delicate straps of her shoes showed off her slim ankles. What was really wonderful tonight was her . "Assassin's Tango." "What?" "The name of the piece" "Oh. That's... appropriate." "Uh... come again?" Or come once at my hands... "Come on, you don't really think I fell for that come-on, do you? Didn't your research tell you I'm more than just a pretty face?" I was floored. "What the fuck? You know ? How? I mean, what do you—why would you come?" I felt like I could see right through to the core of her being at that moment. "Because you want to be. You like being marked." My mind swirled with this new knowledge. "Do you have a weapon on you right now?" She seemed way too excited at the prospect. "Please, keep it down?" We were not the only dancers on the floor. She shimmied her way down to the floor and felt her way back up my body in a move that my work colleagues would call the slut drop . She made it look like a winner, though. "Seems to me you're the one who needs to keep it down." She nodded towards my groin region. "That's the deadliest weapon in my arsenal, woman." We were starting to attract attention, so we ambled over to our table to find our first courses had arrived. Bella studied her smoked salmon, then my face. I pointed to her plate. "Seriously? You think I'd have you poisoned?" She slowly picked up a spear of asparagus on the tines of her fork and held the tip between her lips before bringing her teeth down through it. Oh, the phallic fuckery... She swallowed before answering me. She might have been a hustler, but at least she had manners. "Is poisoning not sophisticated enough for you? What approach did you decide to take instead? Do it after my last supper? Slyly tuck a knife down the side of the car seat? Are you going to drive me down a deserted road and stick it in me on the way home?" I'll stick it in her, all right! "I think the more important question is why exactly are you sitting here playing Come Dine with Me with a man you suspect wants to do away with you?" You want to do her, more like... She looked down to her lap then seemed to slip her mask back on. "Well, you're not about to carry out your hit here. You wouldn't want to make a scene. Besides, I suppose you're not the worst company in the world, and a girl has to eat." "There's more. Tell me." She took a moment to think, then said, "It's thrilling— to sip wine with someone who wants to kill me. It makes me feel free in a way I've never known." "Free to do what?" She dipped her head again then held my gaze. "To go to the bathroom, for example." I gave her ten minutes to account for actually using the toilet, and any additional girly shit: make-up application, hair-fiddling, giving herself a mid-dinner treat to thoughts of me taking her down... Then I was in the ladies room, ladies therein be damned. Down in the last cubicle, a window was ajar enough to allow for the escape of one dainty but deadly lady in particular—a lady who had her own collection of weapons, including the art of seduction, and now, evasion . I was so screwed. And so it was, after that, Bella stayed off my radar, no matter how hard I tried to chase her down. It was as if she never existed. The agency was all on my dick about how I'd messed up my first target thus far in the line of duty, but I couldn't seem to care. All I could think about was what she was doing, who she was with... and why it wasn't me. And getting her on my dick. Like with most things—keys, laptop passwords, clean pants—I found her when I was looking for something, or rather someone else. I was filling my assignment car full of gas, getting ready to go after a guy I'd been given the go-ahead on, on the grounds of revenge for a rape that had gone unpunished in court. I glanced across the road where there was a motel, and caught Bella climbing out of the passenger side of a VW Rabbit—with some random boy in the driver's seat. Rewind! Rabbit boy drove away, and with what I thought was stealth, I crossed the road, keeping my distance, and watched Bella disappear into an upstairs room. Urged on by my rage at seeing her with another man, as well as visions of her with all those other others I'd studied up on, roused by my irrational attraction to her, I went up the stairs, searching for my Avanti 747 inside my suit jacket—just because my job involved a bit of blood and guts didn't mean I couldn't be a Gucci-looking motherfucker. I made it as far as her motel door before going back to the stairs, where I sat down and ran my hands through my hair, more madman than hitman. I sensed her before I heard her. "You can't do it, can you?" We were beyond a worded answer to her question, but I had a question of my own. "Who was he?" I kept my head turned away from her. "Nobody. Some hick I sweet talked for a ride." I stood up to confront