Hard Hearted Chapter One He lay in the third story room, hands folded under his head. It was a twin sized bed, and there was a ceiling fan and he thought it didn't do shit but when he pulled the chain on it and shut it down he couldn't breathe at all then. And in a maudlin way he liked the shadows the long brown metal blades threw across his ceiling, streaks, coming through like trains, silently flashing past. He couldn't make them go away…the memories…so he quit trying, they were his bastards, unwanted children…no denying they were his. He'd lost his seventy dollar paycheck at the track night before. He'd had a hell of a time doing it though. His knuckles were swollen and sore, he didn't remember particulars but him and Emmie had gotten in to it with those guys…cause Jasper…even now he laughed, breaking the silence. That damn Jasper. This hot July evening he thought of that girl he'd taken in France, and how thick her body was and how she'd breathed through an open mouth and he'd only saw one tit and a fat rosy nipple and he'd come like a man with no future and if you wondered about that, you'd never been desperate. Now he heard yelling from the street below, but he didn't check it out. Since the war, he didn't feel the need to be curious. Anything got too close, then he'd act. Squash it. Cause nothing that happened here compared to what had happened over there, and he wasn't afraid of anything…real. He moved his head and looked at the clock on the nightstand. He needed to roll to meet Em and Jasper in time for the movie. He didn't know why he'd said yes like a teenager. He was twenty-four, two years of marching over Europe under General Omar Bradley were behind him. He wasn't a kid. But he wanted air conditioning…and popcorn. And after that, a steak and a cold beer and then they'd hear the deal, this job Em got for them. He'd see. Once he left the army he was done with being told what to do. So he cleaned up some at the sink in his room. The common bath was down the hall and he pissed in the sink when he was drunk or just damn lazy like today. But he washed up there and as soon as the cold splash hit his face he held the sides of the white porcelain bowl, water dripping off his nose. He huffed and felt shit move around in his head, the strafing, the boards piled on top of him…like that could stop it. Hell no he wasn't going to sit around here. But a movie wasn't what he wanted either cause that was two hours of being trapped, more if they watched the double. But he went. And Em stood outside the theatre smoking the last of his fag, wearing his suit pants and a white shirt, tie pulled loose, holding the jacket. They'd bought these suits in a southside bar, right off the truck, they didn't ask but gave their sizes, Jasper a 40, Em a 44, him a 42 jacket, and they were the same wheat color, nice made, summer weight, and anything not olive drab, they were good. Em smiled when he saw Eddie, laughed like he had a joke. Beside him were two dames, Jasper with an arm around each. Eddie could tell they'd been fucked by every guy around this Chicago neighborhood. It was always there, a boldness, and a voice, even the eyes, and the hips, always there, the hole looking for the divining rod, backwards and hungry. That was it. He always knew. "Took you long enough. We're going to miss the cartoons," Emmie groused, backhanding Eddie's shoulder. Unlike Em and Jasper, he wore his jacket. Like armor. Em turned to get the tickets. Eddie's too. And Jasper, cigarette hanging out of his mouth, introduced the broads, Blondie one and Blondie two and they loved that, not even knowing the joke behind it, how they called all the easy broads that, one or two with the color of their hair thrown in. "Hey gorgeous," Marlene Dietrich sidled up to Eddie, slipped her arm through his, her short yellow hair in rolled curls, breath like Clorets gum and cigarettes, black mole drawn one side of her mouth, thick make-up on her eyes, red lips staining a black plastic cigarette holder she held close to him. The other looked about the same, right down to the mole on her cheek. That one was introducing this one, and who was he to turn down a pair of warm tits on his arm named Blondie? Jasper and Em were carrying on, the baboon and the gorilla, hooting loudly enough to make his head ache. He didn't want their broads. They accused him of it all the time, taking their women, but he didn't want them, unless he did, then it wasn't his fault they went for him. Em loaded up on food and he bummed two bucks off Jasper cause that idiot owed him twenty, and here he had a roll tonight and he paid for everything then gave Eddie the twenty. The cartoons had just started and Em and Jasper ran to the middle, those girls toddling on their spike heels, and their plump asses, and they made people stand all along the aisle while they made their way to some vacant seats smack in the middle of the row. Eddie held back, standing in the dark, smoking. He'd ditched his box of popcorn. No way he was getting caught in the crowd like that. He saw a woman sitting alone off to the side three rows up. There was an empty seat behind her, on the aisle. He went there. He could see Em up ahead standing to look for him, but he stayed quiet and still and the broad pulled Em back down. This girl in front of him was watching Em and Jasper and those girls. The cartoon played, but she was watching the guys. He could just see the side of her face, the curve of her cheek. Why was she alone? She turned a little to the side as if she sensed someone staring. She had long dark hair and some of it hung over her seat and he smelled her shampoo and it was real nice…girl stuff. He sat back then and finished his smoke. This was better. The cartoon was about a rabbit named Bugs Bunny and he could hear Emmie's laugh over the crowd's. This girl in front of him, her shoulders shook with laughter but there was no sound. Then here came two more, they were loaded with snacks and drinks, and the big tits said, "Move Isbe," to her friend, the one in front of him, and she lifted up, that Isbe, and he saw it then, long wavy hair down her back, the curve at the waist, round at the hip, little, delicate, woman. The two went past her, laughing, tripping some and got in their seats and Isbe dropped down and he swore a cloud of sweet girl surrounded him. She stood again and faced him while she spread her jacket over the back of the seat and one of the sleeves bounced against his leg. "Sorry," she said in a low voice, dark eyes flashing at him and a smile and she turned around and fell in her seat again and she said something to the little dark one next to her, and more eyes on him for just a flash and their heads together and giggles and grins, and he lit another smoke and watched them, he stared cause…shit. He reached forward and felt the sleeve from her jacket that dangled near his leg…it was just a sleeve, but soft, and he imagined her wearing her heart there, and he pressed the material between his thumb and forefinger. And she flicked her hair over her shoulder and one long tendril was over the seat again, lying along her jacket, and he reached enough to let it brush his fingers, just light and quick, he did that a few times like some sick mug. Then he sat back and tried to watch the show but he watched her mostly, wondered about her…carefree, laughing easy, going through all the young girl things, whatever those were, he had little idea, like her breasts showing up…kissing a boyfriend for hours and not knowing he had anything below the waist…and all the while he was in Europe getting his cherry popped. Then it hit him, popcorn, and he brushed off the first few, but they were trying to hit the girls in front of him, and they were short and it was raining on him. He turned around, three guys back row, high school, Biff and Boff and Junior over there. He just gave them the look and they were talking about it amongst themselves. But the girls had turned around, too. The blonde one said, "Cut it out punks." The boys hee-hawed back, and he looked at that Isbe and she said, "You gonna save us Hero?" And she had a dimple. He sat back and stared at her. She was laughing with that little one next to her, and that one said he was cute. He snorted. Cute. Shit. And here came more popcorn, and the blonde one was turning around again, looking at him and throwing popcorn back at the rowdies. The usher came and flashed his light and two older ladies got up and moved to the other side of the theatre. The boys told the usher to get fucked. They seemed to know him, and he threatened to bring the manager. "Kick them out Riley," Blondie said. Riley gulped, and he kept his light on those boys and issued more threats, but as soon as he disappeared they started up again and he got out of his seat and he heard the girls saying, "He's getting up. He's doing it." He walked past the row that separated him from the miscreants and he went behind them and leaned over the biggest one and said, "You throw anymore shit in their direction I'll twist your wrist so hard you won't play football again." He said it softly. The guy looked at him and they stared for a few seconds. This one still had pudge in his cheeks and his top lip was sweating. Then he walked back to his seat. No sooner did he sit than the little one beside Isbe climbed over her seat so quickly he could barely register what she was doing. She plopped next to him. "Hey," she said. He just raised his brows. These girls were crazy. "Um…my friend Isbe up…right there…?" She pointed at the doll in front of him. Isbe was turned around grinning at him. "Turn around," tiny girl hissed. Isbe turned around and laughed. Blondie threw popcorn at her and said, "You guys are nuts." "She wants to sit by you," little climber said. "Oh yeah? What about you?" he said like he didn't know. She gripped onto his arm and laughed, "You're cute." "Hey," Isbe said standing up and moving around the end of her row to wait for the other girl to vacate her seat. That one stood up and skee-daddled out of there and Isbe tripped over his feet, ass almost in his face and he mentally bit a knuckle and she plopped into the seat beside him. The rowdies started up, seeming upset that Isbe chose to sit by him, so he turned around to look at them and that quelled them, but he could feel it building in their little pricks. She had her elbow on the armrest and they were close. She looked at his mouth, she did that, then back in his eyes and…damn