Hermione 10:53 pm The Burrow The squeal coming from upstairs had everyone in the house running to the room Ginny Weasely now shared with her bestie, Hermione Granger. "What is it guys?! What's happened?" Ron called as he bound up the stairs two at a time. His long legs carried him twice as fast as Harry's, who stumbled once or twice in his haste to get to the girls. It was Ginny's face to appear in the doorway of the room as both Ron and Harry skid to a halt. The rest of the Weasley clan filed in soon after. Ginny's smile was bright and the motion lit up her face as she welcomed the hoard into the tight space. "You won't believe it! Hermione's done it!" she happily crowed to the room of onlookers. Harry snatched his glasses off and began to clean them, a sure sign he was feeling nervous and confused. Hermione didn't look happy to him. She didn't even look like she noticed the crowd of ginger Weasley's in the room. Instead, there was a terrible frown on her face, as though whatever was on the parchment she held were some sort of sentencing. The contrast between the happy blotches of red on Ginny's cheeks and the mottled blotches on Hermione's cheeks were also a dead giveaway that something was wrong. For one, Hermione didn't flush. She was always rational, even when it came to things that upset her. In fact, there was only one thing Harry had ever found that could rile her to such a point that her skin would blemish, and that thing was Malfoy. The youngest Malfoy to be exact. The rich blonde prat who'd made it his life's goal to ruin the good fortune of all other's in their school by allowing death eaters into the home and sanctuary of nearly 1000 students, staffers, and house elves. No, whatever Hermione was so intently looking at on that parchment couldn't be good. Her eyes were screwed up to the point where they were nothing but slits on her face, and her lips were pressed and pursed into an awful scowl. There was a sensation in the air of electrostatic. Harry knew it couldn't just be his imagination because the twins looked around and at each other in complete confusion before grinning and touching each other, sending mini-shocks right through their chests. "Eer… Gin? What exactly is it that Hermione's done?" Harry hedged, though the grin on Ginny's face didn't falter. "Head Girl, Harry! She's made Head Girl of course! Isn't it great? We're finally going to have a decent year at school. Hermione will be in charge. No more dark clouds. No more fear. No more Malfo-" "I wouldn't be so sure of that next one Gin." Hermione interrupted. The scowl she'd so dutifully fixed on the parchment a moment ago lifted to shoot directly into the eyes of her best friends. They recoiled from the sheer force of it. Ron, going so far as to shudder. "I can't deal with this right now," Hermione stated before thrusting the parchment at Harry and walking out. Moments later, the shower next door turned on and Hermione's music began to float from the walls. Mr. and Mrs. Weasely turned to each other in silent agreement to let the younger generations take this one as they had an inkling as to what the problem could be, and turned to head back downstairs with a quick, "Give Hermione our congratulations once she's feeling better, won't you dears?" All remaining eyes turned to Harry for an explanation of the mixed signals they were receiving, Ginny included. He read the missive in silence for a moment, allowing no emotion to show on his face. At least, until he read the last bit, after which, a scowl to rival Hermione's appeared as if the letter were to inform him that The Dark Lord himself had been released from Hell on good behavior. "What utter shite is this?!" he bellowed as he fisted the letter and shook it. Ron's face was turning nearly as red as his hair in a show of solidarity to his friends. Whatever was bothering them would be sure to bother him twice as much. He just knew it! The twins, however, were quickly growing bored. "Out with it then mate! What's got Hermione's knickers in such a twist?" "Yeah, out with it!" Harry looked up at the occupants of the room and breathed out slowly, his brow-line nearly covering his eyes. He looked first to Ron, who appeared to be in a fighting stance. Good, they would need that. Then he looked at Ginny. Her face was worried and she was wringing her hands. Probably feeling she'd been the one to upset Hermione for calling everyone up to see this debacle. The twins adopted serious looks for a change, finally beginning to understand that this situation wouldn't call for a show of fireworks. Not unless the sparks and flames were going to abolish whatever insanity had caused the ever-polite Harry Potter to shout and curse in their mother's home. Rather than express to them his extreme distaste for the message clutched in his fist, Harry decided to let the words speak for themselves. "Dear Ms. Hermione Granger, I, Professor Minerva McGonagal, Headmistress of Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry, do hereby applaud you on your exemplary showmanship in the areas of courage, intellect, and compassion these past seven years. It is now my great honor to award you with the title of Head Girl for this coming school year. You will now lead your class and all other years alongside your counterpart and the Hogwarts staff as we attempt to revive our school and our community from this past year's suffering. The task ahead of you will be great Ms. Granger, but I believe in your abilities to unite the school houses for the betterment of all current students and the future generations of Hogwarts Alumni. Enclosed is a list of duties you should expect to begin performing with your partner as early as August 23rd, on the train ride to school. Please wear your badge, indicating your status as Head, on the outer left pocket of your robe at all times, and do remember that no amount of misbehavior will be tolerated from either Head student whilst in your positions this coming year. Once you have arrived at school, I will address both Heads at the close of speeches and the feast to pass instruction and the password to the Head Dormitories. On a personal note, Ms. Granger, I am counting on you to make this arrangement work with your fellow Head. The decision in selecting our Head Boy this year was based on the knowledge that festering wounds will not heal. As such, we have brought back Mr. Draco (fucking) Malfoy under the conditions of good behavior and restitution to the school through service and leadership. I know that you of all people will understand the necessity of an education in its many facets. You may owl me with questions and concerns regarding your Head Girl status any time before the start of Term on August 25th. Professor M. McGonagal Headmistress, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry". Silence. Utter silence. Harry finished reading and looked around the room at the astonished faces. Ginny had her mouth covered with both hands, eyes wide as though in a silent scream. Both twins seemed to be thinking hard about something sinister. Likely some way to banish Malfoy without a trace. They could do it, but it probably wouldn't be permanent. Ron seemed to have been stunned. The normally belligerent red head was purple in the face, but his lips were pressed together and he seemed to be fighting some internal battle. "Ron? What do you say about this?" Harry asked. He had expected Ron to blow his top just like he had, but… this was eerie. Ron had begun nodding his head, fists clenched at his sides. All of his colorings had begun to drain from the top of his head. "That murdering bastard. That pansy-arsed blowhole. I can't believe he's done it again. What's it gonna take Harry? Hmm? What's it gonna take to finally get that ferrety blonde GIT out of our lives for good? And now McGonagal expects Hermione to share a dormitory with him?! He let death eaters into the school! He nearly got Katie Bell killed. He nearly got YOU killed. He nearly got ME killed! He SUCCEEDED in getting Professor Dumbledore killed! He's never given two whits about Hermione or anyone else's well being! And she wants HIM to lead the school?! What sick twisted game is she playing at? Eh, Harry?!" Harry shook his head in the negative. "I don't know Ron. But I'm gonna find out-" "Don't waste your time Harry." Hermione stood in the doorway, clad in a fluffy white towel and her bath shoes. Harry, Ron, and the twins stared at her in awe for a moment before catching themselves. It wasn't like Hermione to walk around in anything less than full attire. She walked into the room with her head held high though, and one hand clutching closed the towel that protected her modesty. Her hair was still soaking and little droplets fell from the slightly curled tips onto her shoulders. She did not note how Ron's eyes followed those droplets from the soft curve of her collarbone down toward the tops of her pert breasts. He swallowed hard and averted his eyes, only to find Harry attempting to do the same, but failing miserably. Hermione walked slowly over to the bed Ginny occupied and sat next to her, crossing her legs at the ankle. Harry had never noticed it before, but his friend had grown a lot these past few years. Her eyebrows were different- maybe she'd plucked them? They reflected her preference of natural beauty. Thick, straight, but not a hair out of place. A tiny pink scar shone just under the left of her beautiful almond shaped eyes. The hazel nut shade of which was most becoming paired with her lightly tanned, vaguely freckled skin. Other than that one blemish, there was not an imperfection to be found on his female counterpart. The straight bridge of her feminine nose led down to a lovely cleft above two of the plumpest pink lips he'd ever appreciated. She didn't have rosy cheeks like he remembered. The baby fat that used to fill out her face had sunken from the stress of months on the run whilst locating horcruxes. At least he'd thought so. It seemed now that maybe she'd just outgrown it while he was too busy to pay attention. There was a bronze sheen to her high cheekbones now. Natural. Sun-kissed. Healthy. Interesting. Harry licked his lips before delving into the topic few would ever wish to discuss. Never noticing the strange and panicked looks Ron was shooting him across the way. "Hermione, what do you mean? It could never be a waste of time to protect-" "No, Harry. I mean it. I've thought it over and… and I think Professor- Headmistress McGonagal is right." Hermione paused and looked around for understanding. No one moved a muscle. "Allowing Malfoy back into the school isn't a mistake?" Ginny asked. She was timid in her approach, as though she thought perhaps Hermione had cracked. Rather than proving Ginny's thoughts wrong, Hermione smiled. A creepy serene smile that brought a dim light into her eyes. "No… I don't think it is. Think about it. He was acquitted of all charges by the Wizengamot. Sitting on the Board of Representatives were Kingsly Shacklebot, who is now Minister for Magic. Also, there were Representatives of most of the Sacred Twenty-Eight, including your father Ron. Malfoy's age, his father's status as a Death Eater, his mother's deal with Snape, his upbringing, his fear-" At this, Ron stepped forward. "Fear?!