Usual disclaimer and thanks: Nothing is mine, etc., etc. Many thanks to my betas, eekfrenzy and Rose. And many thanks also to my reviewers—I really love reviews! For those who came in late: this story is a sequel to my story Misfit in Middle-earth , which you can find on my profile page. I suggest you read that story first. Take a chance-I promise, this isn't a Mary Sue. Chapter 01 There's No Such Thing as a Happy Ending What Has Gone Before... Barbarella Sanderson, a graduate student of linguistics, never read The Lord of the Rings and has seen only the first movie. Her mother, a big fantasy and SF fan, wants to take her to The Two Towers on Christmas Day, 2002, but instead Barb is nearly killed in a road accident, blacks out, and wakes up on the plains of Rohan. Rescued by the Riders of Rohan, our misplaced grad student is brought to Meduseld, where she's taken in by Princess Éowyn as handmaiden, confidante, and ultimately, friend. Caught up in the troubles of Rohan, Barbarella pulls together a band of earnest lads, grizzled old warriors, and grumpy healing women into an ersatz M.A.S.H. unit at Helm's Deep to save the lives of warriors wounded in the Battle. And so it begins... The Battle of Helm's Deep had been won. Against all odds, King Théoden's outnumbered warriors had defeated the evil Wizard Saruman's monstrous army of orcs and hirelings. The people of Rohan had prevailed, and just for a few hours, they were pausing to bind up their wounds, to rest, to recuperate, and to rejoice before they went back to Edoras and to, perhaps, a bigger war against the ultimate enemy, Sauron. But I'm not from Rohan—I'm from Pennsylvania! How was I supposed to know what to do next, when I didn't even know why I was 'beamed into' Middle-earth? I was sure that the Evenstar necklace my Mom had given me must have had something to do with it, but what? I was half-asleep and curled up on the bale of hay that I'd commandeered when I was woken by raised voices. Bleary-eyed, I rolled off the haybale and looked around to see what was going on. Two people were yelling at each other at the edge of the space that my kids and I had cordoned off in the Great Hall as a makeshift 'hospital.' One of them was Merth. She was one of the handful of healers that I'd dragooned into staying 'up top' during the Battle to tend the wounded. The other was a stocky, curly-haired warrior still in the grubby, bloody leather armor he'd worn during the battle. He wasn't wounded, though, so he didn't belong in our hospital. I headed over to where Merth and the unknown warrior were squabbling in ever-more-audible tones. "…you were told to go down to the caves and be safe! What were you thinking of, Mother?" "Of the warriors on the Wall who would need my help!" Merth snapped back with her usual acidity. She's a tough middle-aged woman who doesn't stand for nonsense. "Including you and your brothers, maybe." Good for Merth! She'd never make Ms. Congeniality but she was absolutely right. "Ssst!" I hissed at both of them. "Let's keep it quiet around here, okay? There are guys in this place who need their rest." Both mumbled grudging apologies back at me, but before she shut up, Merth managed to slip in the last word. "Anyway, why are we bickering about this now? The battle is over and done with!" Curly gave us both an annoyed frown, then wheeled away muttering, "Women! If you want me I will be digging in the Coomb with the other men." "My eldest boy, Blaec, is just like his father," Merth confided to me as her son stalked off. "He fusses at the worst possible times." "What are they digging in the Deeping Coomb?" I whispered back. You sack out for just a couple of hours and you lose all track of things. "Graves. The men are digging two big pits, one for the Elves and one for the eorlingas. It must be done quickly because we leave for Edoras tomorrow." Two pits. Separate but equal. Right. "Tomorrow? What about our wounded men? What about Fréalof?" "Guthrun will remain with the men who cannot be moved. I don't know where your boy Fréalof is. That Elf took him, remember?" Merth looked me up and down, then trotted over to a trestle table. She offered me a bundle of cloth when she came back. "As soon as you have a chance, clean up and get rid of that bloody gown. You're our Princess's handmaiden, after all." 'That bloody gown' had been a noblewoman's elegant dress only twenty-four hours before. She was right, though—cleaning up was definitely a good idea. 'Grimy and smelly' had been my Uniform of the Day ever since I'd gotten to Helm's Deep. But first I had to track down Fréalof. He was one of my kids, and he'd been terribly burned on the Wall by Saruman's fire. I'd handed him to the Elves in the hope that they could heal his burns, but I hadn't intended for Captain Haldir to keep him! What I needed was somebody to keep a close eye on Haldir and his Elves. Fortunately, I knew exactly who I wanted for the job. It was time for me to hunt down the rest of the kids who'd worked for me during the Battle of Helm's Deep. When I headed out of the Great Hall it was nearly dusk and big black thunderclouds were filling the eastern sky, but the Inner Court was crowded with people preparing to go back to Edoras. I soon ran into Princess Éowyn, who—unlike me—had changed into clean clothes. When had she found time to do that? Her new outfit was a good choice for travel—the leather vest and brown riding skirt could absorb a multitude of stains. "Barbarella! Good, you are finally awake! And just in time—much needs to be done." "Yeah, right," I sighed. "I'm awake and up now—up and ready for action." Yeah, sure I was. Whether or not I was 'up' and ready for action, Éowyn certainly was. Her face had that 'warrior princess' look to it and her eyes were sparkling excitedly. "Gandalf is riding out at moonrise to confront the Wizard Saruman in his lair," she told me. "A company has been chosen to ride with him and King Théoden—Lord Aragorn and his two comrades, my brother Éomer and a few of his best Riders—and finally, you and me." My first thought was "Great, Éowyn finally got picked for the team." But— "Ummm…I'm not much of a horsewoman. Are you sure you want me to ride along with you?" Éowyn laughed. "No, Barbarella, it is the other way around—I want to ride along with you . Gandalf told me that he wants you to be present when he parleys with Saruman." Gandalf wanted me to come along? Why? But I had to admit, the idea had appeal. From the moment I'd set foot in Middle-earth, Saruman had been at the bottom of every bad thing that had happened around me. Prince Théodred's terrible death. The orc ambush of the refugees. And of course, the whole bloody Battle of Helm's Deep. I wasn't about to pass up a chance to watch Saruman go down. What else could I say to Éowyn, anyway? "No, Princess, I'm not going to obey you"? This was a feudal society and she was my boss. The boss-lady must have noticed that I was weakening because she clasped my shoulder and said, "Fear not. Gandalf says that Saruman has been cast down and can do no more harm. Go now and tell the men in the stable to saddle a horse for you, on Princess Éowyn's command." A horse. What she meant was a warhorse—it's the only kind of horse that they had in the Hornburg. A trained killer on four legs! Well, there was one good thing—if I could survive riding a warhorse all the way to Isengard, merely facing down an evil Wizard at the end of the ride would be a cinch by comparison. As ordered, I headed off to the stable—and who should I find but the very boys that I'd wanted to see: Wulfhelm, Caedmund, and Faegan, the three young squires in my group of kids. They were darting back and forth with waterbuckets and feed sacks. Of course—those three kids weren't the sort to let their buddies down, and the two official stableboys on our team, poor Fréalof and his brother Elric, certainly weren't going to be able to handle their duties as usual. I waved my hand in the air. "Wulfhelm!" Wulfhelm came running up to me. "Yes, Barbarella?" "I've got a couple of questions. First, do you know where Captain Haldir took Fréalof?" "Yes, I do. The Elves pitched tents in the Deep for their own wounded. Captain Haldir put Fréalof there with them." "Okay, good to know. The next thing is, I'm riding out with Princess Éowyn at moonrise as part of the King's company. I need a horse saddled up for me as soon as possible—a gentle one, if there are any. Also, can you find me a saddle that's easier to sit on than those flat things the Riders use?" Wulfhelm cogitated for a moment and then ran off to the tack room. Eventually he came back lugging a huge leather saddle that reminded me of my days at summer camp. "Hey, that looks kind of like a Western saddle! I used to ride on those back home-" "In Rohan they are used by the very old and the sick. And by pregnant women," Wulfhelm said flatly. "Wait a minute! Cowboys ride on Western saddles—cowboys sure aren't invalids!" No, stifle it, Barbarella. There was no point in arguing with Wulfhelm unless the issue was absolutely critical. Once he got into it, he wouldn't stop until he ran out of breath. "Well, thanks anyway. This will help me carry out our Princess's orders. And now for the third thing…" My plan would be even more essential if Haldir intended to keep Fréalof long-term. "Wulfhelm, I need a boy to carry out a mission of great importance." Wulfhelm's heavy brows slammed down and he leaned forward intently to catch my every syllable. Hah! I'd snagged him good! "This boy must be capable of three things. First, he must be able to speak Westron." "I can—I can speak Westron!" he shouted. I'd expected that—Wulfhelm was the best scholar of all the kids in my 'company,' and most of the books that I'd seen in Rohan were written in Westron. "Second, he must be very intelligent and perceptive." That was a no-brainer. Everyone in Edoras knew that Wulfhelm was smart—especially Wulfhelm. "Third, he must be able to act with great humility." Now that might be the dealbreaker. Nobody had ever accused Wulfhelm of being humble! Wulfhelm squinted at me for a moment as if he was calculating out what I was up to, and then said with a certain tinge of arrogance, "I am capable of acting humble—if it is necessary." I supposed that would have to do. "Okay, here's the situation. Haldir promised me that he'd do his best to heal Fréalof. Elves are honorable and I'm sure he'll keep his word—but he doesn't understand mortals. Someone has to be there to tell these Elves what Fréalof needs, and Elric doesn't know Westron. He can't speak to Haldir like you and I can." Wulfhelm figured out what I was driving at within seconds. You do have to like that about Wulfhelm. "The Elves are the best healers in Middle-earth, so anything that you can learn from them is more precious than gold. They seem to be close-mouthed, too, but I should think that even an Elf would take pity