2:46 AM: They're choosing the girl. Angelica Windsman's hand, manicured with an unnatural chemical pink polish, reaches into the glass bowl. She feels around and pulls out a slip of paper. She lifts her pale face, powdered white with the makeup from The Capitol and rubs her lips together, and I notice that their shiny hue matches the color of her nails perfectly. Her Capitol accent sounds thick as ever as she says my name. I wake up drenched in sweat, panting and cold. I stare at the worn wooden planks that made up my ceiling, trying to not think about tomorrow. I start counting the nails. This was a habit that I have taken up for when I can't sleep. I know that this will be another sleepless night. How will I ever sleep when I know that in less than 4 hours, I will be waiting along with thousands of other kids just like me, afraid that my name might be called to be reaped for the 74th annual Hunger Games? My family is pretty poor, since we live in District 11, but we scrape by. Since the main profession here in my district is agriculture, it would be so easy to just steal a bit of grain for our thick, crusty bread that we make at home. But it's not. We're kept under careful watch by the peacekeepers, hundreds of them with big, deadly guns that could put a hole through a grown man with a single bullet. That's why I have to sign up for tesserae and take the bit of grain and oil provided by the Capitol. It seems like a pretty sweet deal, right? Well it would be except for the fact that the exchange is putting my name in extra times to be entered in the bowl for The Hunger Games. It's horrible every year when people crowd around the stage waiting for Angelica to announce the girl and boy who will be selected to participate in The Games. This is the first year that I am eligible to go to The Games and I am scared out of my mind. Every time I think about the possibility of me going into that arena, my breathing grows rapid. Calm down, Rue. I think about how many other people that live in my district. I think about what will happen after the announcement. I will sit down at home and my family and I will each have half a roll and a bit of withered vegetables, in celebration that I will stay in District 11 for another year. I hope I will stay in District 11 for another year. 4:32 AM: I spring out of bed. Since the nightmare, I have been lying stiff and still in bed, waiting for it to be time. Finally, I can't take the torture anymore. I swing my feet over the side of the bed and get dressed pulling on some navy blue pants and a soft button down shirt. My reaping clothes can wait. I slip through the front door, careful not to wake up my mom, and start the brisk walk to the fields. It's still dark, and all I can hear is the rustle of the trees and the occasional buzz of a nest of tracker jackers. I almost wish I had brought a jacket because the wind is starting to howl around me, making my skin prickle with the cold. When I get to an old oak tree, I scale it easily and sit on the highest branch, looking over the fields of crops. A couple peacekeepers stand on the outskirts of the field, their stances alert but their eyes drooping with exhaustion. The corn sways in the breeze, and the night workers start heading out. Before they go, I sing the five o'clock tune in a clear voice. It's three of the same notes strung together, and the fourth note drops down to a low growl. The mockingjays start to repeat it, a replica of the tune, their pitches imitating mine perfectly. The song swells as the mockingjays sing. This feels like it goes on forever with every mockingjay feeling the need to repeat my simple, four note tune. The workers smile with recognition and all wave to me up in the tree. Even the peacekeepers give a half-smile that may or may not be associated with the fact that it's the end of their shift. Finally, the song finishes and I lie happily in the tree, its leaves sheltering me from the harsh winds. Dawn begins to peep over the mountain in the distance, and the workers begin filing into the fields, their skin almost blackened by the sun's rays. The peacekeepers make sure that everyone arrives on time. I know my mother will be expecting me back home soon, so I leap from tree to tree, feeling the rough bark against my fingertips. Finally, I arrive at the large clearing that contains my house, along with 50 others. They are all identical, made entirely of wood, each with a dull brass knob on the door. I pull mine, and find my mother and brother in the kitchen. I am handed a piece of bread, half the size of my fist, and told to eat fast and wash up. I sit in the small metal basin and splash cold water all over myself until I know that I must be as clean as I'll ever get. I pull on a yellow dress that's a little too frilly for comfort. I must look like a lemon meringue pie. That's a food that I heard about that they eat in The Capitol. It sounds delicious, but I would never want to go to The Capitol, not even I could get free food for life. Because to go there, you have to fight in The Games. And kill people. Thinking about this, my breathing grows rapid again, but I force myself to calm down because my mother knocks on the door and tells me in her soft voice that it's time. I walk out in my only pair of fancy shoes, the ones that pinch my toes. Please, please, let this reaping go quickly. 5:58 AM: I make to the town square, just barely on time. I stand in line with the long line of other girls, waiting to get my finger pricked and verified. "Next," says a male peacekeeper with a square face and slicked-back brown hair. I feel a sharp zap of pain as it pricks my finger, and he unsympathetically rubs my open cut onto his notebook, next to my name. After it is scanned and verified, I am pushed along and hustled into a crowd of other girls my age. They look about the same as me with dark skin and large, wide-set brown eyes filled with fear. I know that they were hoping with all of their hearts that anybody else would be picked besides them. I also know that they would shove me onto that stage in a minute if it meant them not going into that arena. I almost hate them for that. 6:00 AM on the dot: Miss Angelica Windsman makes her way onto the stage, her makeup even thicker and more uninviting than in my dreams. She breaks into a smile that shows off her cosmetically engineered teeth and starts, "Good morning, everybody! I see that District Eleven is even cuter than I remember!" Cute? That's what you think this is? Cute? Hundreds of people are starving here every day. They work from 5 until midnight, even then getting barely enough food to scrape by. I don't dare voice these thoughts, of course. I just stand on the gravel, shifting from foot to foot. I shut out her speech. I shut out the video. I feel like I am going to pass out. The girl next to me actually does faint, but nobody comes and helps her. I am forced to watch her crumple on the ground out of the corner of my eye, my vision not daring to leave the stage. I've almost managed to forget about where I am altogether when I see her feeling around in the shiny, round bowl and I realize that she's picking the girl. I hold my breath as she moves her silly pink fingernails around, closing them around a slip of paper. I am about to fall over from not breathing when she removes the paper from the bowl and unfolds it carefully. In this unfolding, I see the tip on an R and I already know that it's me. When she reads the name in a steady but clearly excited voice, hundreds of eyes are trained on me. I walk to the stage. There's a deafening silence and I can hear all of the girls breathe almost inaudible sighs of relief. I am chosen. A million emotions flood me at once. What will I say to my family? How will I try to win? Who will the boy be? I feel hot, wet tears starting to fall down my face as I make my way over to the stage. Angelica ignores me and says, "Now for the boys." Thresh is chosen. He lives a couple houses down from me and I know that he's been signing up for tesserae since he was my age. It's a miracle that he hasn't been picked already. This is the last year that he can participate in The Games because next year is his 19th birthday. His eyes never show even a hint of fear as he shakes my hand with a firm grip and that alone lets me know that I will never be able to win against this boy. I will try though. I can barely make out Angelica's last words as she says, "May the odds be ever in your favor." 7:30 AM: It's been less than an hour since I was picked and I am already on the train. The final goodbyes with my family were the worst. I have never seen my brothers cry before but I suppose there's a first time for everything. My father wasn't allowed to leave the fields today, and I am looking out the window of the train, watching District 11 grow smaller and smaller when I see a man on the train platform: it's my dad. He's holding a bright red peony that I know is from a little bush that grows around the cornfields. His gaze is strong and steady but when the sun catches his face I see a shiny tear streaming down his cheek. Our eyes meet and he waves and I wave back. I almost turn away because he's getting so far away but not before I see an armed peacekeeper stick a gun to his head and usher him back down the road to the fields. There's absolutely nothing I can do about it. I slump down in my seat and cry silently. Thresh looks at me from across the room, his eyes flashing concern. I hear him go out and tell Chaff, our mentor, that I am not ready to talk yet. I drift into a place that is somewhere between consciousness and unconsciousness. I feel a blanket being put on me by strong, dark hands and I sleep, not ready to bear the weight of what is going to happen to me in a few days. My last thought is of my father standing next to the train tracks holding the peony, his lips barely moving to form the words, "I love you." 2:07 PM: When I awake, I see an unfamiliar linoleum ceiling and I panic, sitting bolt upright in my chair. Where am I? Oh right. I am on a fancy, Capitol-bound train on my way to a certain death. I go into the next car where a meal has been set out. It's unlike anything I've ever seen: creamy yellow