Harry and Tom and their family Chapter 1 Lunch "BERWIN TIME FOR LUNCH!" Harry yelled. He waited for him to answer and come down Master to the kitchen but he didn't answer. " Would Master Harry like Missy to get Berwin?" Missy asked as she popped out from behind a corner. "Yes please Missy." Harry said smiling at her. "Missy being right back!" she said smiling. While Missy got Berwin Harry went to get Tom from his office. Tom was sitting at his desk doing some paperwork. When he saw Harry he smiled and asked him if something was wrong. "Lunch time Tom. I sent Missy to get Berwin so I could come get you." "Ok Harry, I'll be there in a minute. You can start without me." Tom said smiling. "All right Tom, if you're sure." So Harry headed down to the dining room and told everyone Tom would be there in a minute and could start eating lunch. The normal group was there, Lucius, Severus, Draco, Fenrir, Rodolphus, Rabastan and Hermione. Missy brought Berwin down and he sat next to Harry. "Where's Tad Dad?" he asked Harry. "He'll be down in a minute, don't worry." 'Although it has been awhile since I told him it was lunch time.' he thought as he helped Ben fill his plate. "Hmmm, I'll be back in a minute. I'm going to get Tom away from those papers." Harry was half way down the hall when he ran into Tom. "Oh there you are, I was just coming to get you away from those papers." Harry said laughing. Tom smiled and walked down to lunch with Harry. When they got there Tom sat down and started filling his plate. After lunch, Tom put a spell on a pack of cards so that Berwin could see them and they went up to the living room and played a game of cards. Ben could see, but very poorly. Berwin was born blind but has been given potions and put under spells throughout the past eight years of his life. He was born blind because of what the Order did to him after they found out. Tom's spell had hit Harry seconds after Lucius' spell had hit him causing the two spells shot at Harry to mix which is how it started. Chapter 2 The big news The next morning Harry woke up to a bit of an upset stomach. When he got out of bed he started to feel a bit dizzy, thinking he was just hungry, he got dressed and headed down the corridor to get some breakfast. Tom was in his study working and Berwin was at school. As he was passing Tom's study he started to get even more dizzy causing his knees to give out on him and fall. Tom looked up from his papers and looked around the room when he heard it. "What was that?" he said to himself. He got up from his chair, headed for the door, opened it and saw Harry on the ground he ran from his study to Harry. And said his name a few times but Harry didn't answer. So Tom picked him up and brought him back to their room, gently laying him back down. About half an hour later Tom went to see if Harry was awake. When he got there he saw that he was sitting up with his hands on his stomach wincing. "Harry, are you feeling alright?" he asked looking concerned. Harry looked up at him and said, "I'm fine Tom, my stomach's just a little upset today." Harry assured him with a fake smile. Tom stood against the doorway, crossed his arms and stared at him with a raised eyebrow. "You do know that I'm the best legilamence in history, and can see if you're lying don't you?" "You do know thanks to the mixture of you helping me after I had Berwin, Severus and getting some of your powers that night when you killed my parents I can keep you out of there with occlumency?" Harry said smirking at him. "Severus?" Tom said looking confused. "My fifth year when you were sending me those visions Dumbledore made him give me occlumency lessons in his office after Nagini or me, still not sure which, attacked Mr. Weasly." he explained. "Ahhhh, I see. I still don't see how a fifteen year old could get me to stop possessing him." he said shaking his head as he went over to Harry and felt his forehead to see if he was warm. "You do feel a bit warm, why don't you stay in bed and I'll call Healer Burns." "OK Tom." Harry said. "Do you want some fruit tea to see if that helps at all?" Tom asked worriedly watching him wince a bit. Harry nodded slowly and laid back down. "Missy!" Tom called. "What can Missy be doing for great Master Tom and Master Harry?" Missy asked as she curtsied. "I want you to get Master Harry some fruit tea for his stomach." Tom answered. "Yes Master Tom, Master Harry." she said smiling and curtsied before she left. Tom waited for Missy to come back before he left to call Burns. Soon Missy appeared with Harry's fruit tea. Tom gave Harry his tea and left for his office to call Healer Burns and gathered his paperwork. "Healer Burns, Harry is not feeling very well today. He said his stomach was a bit upset when he woke up this morning." "Hmm, does he feel warm?" Healer Burns asked. "Yes he feels a bit warm, and looks a bit pale also. I have him laying in bed for the day. I had Missy bring him some fruit tea to see if that helped settle his stomach at all. He told me when we were expecting Berwin that it helped his stomach." Tom told him. "All right My Lord, I'll be right there. Would you like me to come to your bedroom so that he doesn't have to get out of bed?" Healer Burns asked. "Yes. I would prefer he stay in bed today." Tom answered. So Tom took all his papers and brought them back to their room so he could be with Harry. When he got there he found Harry sleeping. He didn't want to wake him but he had to, too let him know Healer Burns was coming to see what was wrong. "Harry? Harry?" he whispered gently shaking him. Harry opened his eyes to see Tom. "Tom?" he asked tiredly. "Healer Burns will be here soon to look at you." Tom told him running his hand over Harry's cheek. "OK Tom, thanks." Once Healer Burns arrived he had Tom move over so he could check him out. Tom didn't want to leave Harry's side so he went over to his side of their bed and held his hand. Healer Burns had an idea of what was wrong when he saw the color of Harry's face, but didn't want to tell them in case he was wrong. While Burns took care of that, Harry and Tom stared at each other. After a few tests he looked up from his results and smiled at them. Tom and Harry looked at him waiting for his answer to what was wrong. "Well? What's wrong?" Tom asked looking annoyed. "It looks like our young Dark Prince is going to be a big brother. Lord Harry is pregnant." he told them. The two of them just stared at him surprised. "Thank you Healer Burns." Tom said slowly. "You're welcome My Lords! Is there anything else I can do?" he said smiling. "No Burns you may go." Tom said dismissing him. "Alright My Lords, congratulations!" he said still smiling as he left. "That explains quite a bit." Harry whispered. "What was that Harry?" Tom asked looking at him suspiciously causing Harry's face to turn red. Harry gulped, started playing with his fingers and said sounding guilty, " I, um, haven't been feeling very well all week and kind of got sick yesterday. And I used my wand to get rid of some of my food when you weren't looking." "Oh Harry, why didn't you tell me? I would've called Burns earlier." Tom said in a mixture of anger and concern. Harry sighed and rubbed his stomach. "I know, you hate me now don't you? Should I give you back your ring and go back to the muggle world?" "Harry calm down! I'm not mad, and you're not going back to the muggle world to be alone and miserable." Tom said putting his hand on Harry's back. "But-." Harry started. Tom kissed him firmly and said smiling, "You're not going anywhere. You're staying right here with me where you belong. You're a wizard not a muggle, and were miserable for too long. Just like me at the orphanage." Harry smiled at him and put his head on his shoulder. Chapter 3 The beginning When Ben got home from school Tom and Harry took him upstairs to his room and told him that Harry was pregnant. Harry went over to Ron and Hermione and told them. Ron told their group and Tom said he'd take care of everyone at the manner but wanted Harry there. That night at dinner Harry was sitting there looking sick and holding his stomach causing everyone to look worried and curious. Tom looked at him and not wanting anyone to hear them used parseltongue to ask him if he was feeling alright. The only one that could understand them was Berwin because Tom was born a parselmouth and gave Harry that ability when he attacked him as baby. But decided to stay out of it. "I'm fine, I just feel sick and nervous about what they'll say tonight." he hissed back. "Would some fruit tea help?" Tom hissed trying to keep his face normal but having a bit of trouble. "Yes." Harry hissed back. Everyone was starting to look suspicious when they saw Tom's face and Missy bring Harry some tea and take his pumpkin juice. Tom said tonight he didn't have to finish his dinner since he felt sick and was just about back to his normal weight. No matter what they did Harry had been fed so little for so long his body kept losing the weight he had gained. But Tom didn't want to make him feel worse. After dinner Harry took Berwin up to his room and put him to bed. After Ben was in bed Harry went back downstairs to meet Tom in the meeting hall. When he got there he saw Tom standing outside the room waiting for him. "Ready?" Tom asked placing his hand on the base of Harry's back. "A bit nervous but, just about." Harry said. "Why are you nervous? You were just fine the night you told me about Berwin. And we were still mortal enemies then." Tom reminded him. "I had to, you were the only person I could go to Tom. And I vowed that night." Harry said. "I know, but think, we were still trying to kill each other when you came weren't we?" Tom said smiling. Harry sighed and said, "I guess you're right." So they went to the meeting hall and told everyone about the baby. After the meeting they went upstairs and laid in bed, Harry was laying on Tom's shoulder as usual and Tom was reading. Soon the two of them fell asleep. After a few hours Harry woke up feeling nauseous and suddenly felt the need to throw up. So he got out of Tom's arms trying not to wake him, covered his mouth and ran into the bathroom. Then Tom started to wake up and heard something, he looked over to Harry's side of the bed and didn't see him. Then he remembered that Harry had been feeling sick so he got up and went to see if he was in the bathroom.