Galadriel, Lady of the Galadhrim stepped out to the balcony of her private talan. It was a beautiful morning like any other, but of which is never lost to her. All the beauty of Arda is worth noting; the swell of the leaves unfurling, the first release of a butterfly's wings after long encased in its cocoon, a newly blooming flower. There is beauty in abundance even where the Valar walked not. It is the work of the Valar, the music of Ea, and thus all is attributed to Him. She inhaled deeply the sweet fresh air, and exhaled slowly. A new day. "It is beautiful," she said to no one. And yet my heart is heavy. A nightingale, somewhere, began its morning song. A chittering sound from above caught her attention and smiling, she looked up towards a smaller branch. "Good morning, my friends." For many weeks she has observed the nest of two mud-brown birds creating a home of their own on the smaller branches of the mallorn tree near her talan. It mildly annoyed her at first, but the couple soon piqued her interest and eventually watching them became the highlight of her day. There are now three hatchlings in the nest along with the couple, and they are currently making their opinions concerning the rate of incoming breakfast known. "You seem to have a busy day today I see," she chuckled to the proud father who immediately burst into a song, chattering cheerfully. In turns, the parents sought out for the young in tireless pursuit of nourishments for their growth. Soon, she knew, the same parents will show these hatchlings how to fly. It was a tranquil morning, one for past reflections. And her mind flew... - I awoke to a sunny day, and there they were by my side, ----- Once, she was an elfing. One exasperating elfing with her Ada at her beck and call, her Nana hovering nearby, keeping her safe and happy. Even at a young age, she was never one to back down from a fight, nor is she one to normally abide to "because everyone does" theory. Oh, no, she'd question everyone her way relentlessly, seeking knowledge, always wanting to know what's behind a leaf, unoverturned stones, the other side of the mountain. Or what's at the top of the tallest tree. It was Aegnor's, her elder brother's fault for daring her to climb and whooping for all he's worth about the wonderful sights 'up there!'. Not that he had climbed the tree before; she knew it to be one of his certain 'possibilities'. Rolling her eyes even now, when she is an old married elleth with several grandchildren, the fond annoyance she had of Aegnor still remained. They were quite close, being the closest at that age. At the time she wasn't keen on 'womanly things'. When one grew up in a family of ellyns, one surely is either indulged beyond redemption or learned survival skills that would rival even her husband's. She was always made fun of for disliking harm upon other living creatures. "How did you think venison got onto our table, pen-neth?" She, like all of her brothers, was bold and adventurous. And quite competitive and cheeky, when together, as one memorable event illustrated. It was quite an enticingly climbable tree. The branches are quite close together, and the texture of the tree bark is such that tempted even the most sensible of elfings. It was as if the tree had-on purpose- moulded itself to suit the elfing's needs. Aegnor, being a show off, succumbed to the seduction the first chance he got. "Naneth says that we shouldn't be this far deep into the woods, and so did Ada." "So they did." "He said...he said he'd punish us for sure" "I'll survive mucking up the stall. This is certainly worth every shovel." rang the casual reply seemingly from the divine above. "I'll tell them." "Please do! I care naught!" All elfings were told to never climb too high, lest they would fall. Though the skill of stealth and so forth is the paramount of elves' formidable reputation, it is not inborn. It takes proper training and years of practise. Needlessly said, elfings and trees with no proper means of heading upwards crafted by elven hands is not to be trifled with. Immortal as they are, they can die of injury, not a good idea when you've barely matured as an elf. Artanis watched her brother made her way up nimbly, as if it pertained not a single conscience thought. "Hey, Artane! Look!" and Aegnor's head popped through some of the leaves, grinning. "You can't catch me!" and he disappeared. "Aegnor, Naneth said..." "Oh, you're saying that because you're jealous. You're too scared to come up here yourself!" "Am not!" "Am to!" "Am not!" "Then come up here and prove it then!" She bristled of the thought of being considered as such. Scared? She? She'll show him! Giving the potential handgrips and footholds a calculating look, she hooked her right hand on a crease on the bark that looked just right and began to ascend. 'One at a time, Artane. One at a time.' She told herself. Slowly, and surely fear crept into her heart. She looked down, after a while. She gulped. "Eru!" she heard her brother swore "Artane, I'm already up here! The view's wonderful!" the piping exultation of his voice unmistakable. Her resolve rehardened. There is no way in Valinor she'd let Aegnor win. "Come on, Artane, you're nearly here! You really must see this!" 'One at a time, Artane. One at a time.' Her arms were beginning to feel strained, due to the unfamiliar exertion of pulling her weight upwards and she could feel her neck muscles taut. It's getting painful to climb further. She gathered up as much as she could and reached for the next indentation in the wood to use as leverage. Her sweating palms had served as a sort of lubrication, making it harder for her to grip. She placed her fingers around it, and tentatively pulled her weight up...and slipped. She fell... It felt wondrous. She lost all thought, all pain, and everything was blank, except for the glorious feel of flying and weightlessness. The she hit the ground, the impact making her body bounce slightly, and the unmistakable crack of snapping bone. "Artanis!" As she was groaning audibly, the coward Aegnor fled and could not be found for hours. Luckily, Finrod was nearby and heard her cries, running to her aid albeit a bit too late. - they laughed with me when times are high, they held me close when I felt alone, ----- She broke her left calf bone, her right arm as it was the first part of her than impacted the ground, and bruised a few ribs. Ada was furious. After wringing the whole story off both of them after Aegnor was found, her Ada had her brother, mucking up the stables for a week for that. She had to pour over the boring lessons, not the history lessons about the great elves she loved, but THE boring stuff she wouldn't have touched willingly otherwise -ladies etiquette- for a week. She plotted revenge. The healing process was swift, and being young helped her heal quicker than any mortal is capable, but it did not make it any less painful. Naneth sat up by her bed the whole time, keeping her safe and comfy. She was in a healing sleep at the time, but asleep or no, there were always the feel of warm hand caressing her forehead lovingly, comforting whisperings which promised love and security always. Nana always worries so. She could sleep, knowing that everything would be all right. Somehow only Ada and Naneth can make it seem that way. Even when the shadow grew, other than Celeborn's strength, she drew hers from the memories of her childhood in Valinor. - they taught me 'twas ok to cry, and that my talents are worthy to hone, ---- "The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the nasty cave. down came the rain and washed the spider out the itsy bitsy spider eats some nasty orc, but some nasty little person stabbed it in the gut!" childish singing in a rather off-key manner, broke the equilibrium of morn. "Cease the horrible howling!" roared Aegnor, followed by a not-so-distant "Artanis, lower your song, saes!" by Finrod. "Snooty balrog sat on the wall, snooty balrog had a nasty fall, come the balrog slayer who slew his fiery head, thus the balrog and the balrog slayer lie dead." "SHUT UP!" roared three male voices in unison. "NANA!" a tiny golden ball of energy rushed by, tearful. Finrod looked up from his studies, his gaze upon his younger brothers with disdain, "Must you be so harsh on her?" The unspoken now-you-did-it-naneth-will-scold-us. "She wails so," complained Orodreth, the scholar in the family. "I cannot concentrate." Angrod, who was reading about the peculiarities of squirrels agreed. "I agree. I love our sister, brother, but you must admit, she is annoying at times." "Plus she's a girl," retorted Orodreth. "That does not mean that you may treat her any less that you would anyone else," he snorted. His brothers looked at each other guiltily. "Plus, you will now have to be wary of her tricks of revenge." The three brothers were silent for a while, and then laughed. "Artanis? Pranks? Nay, she is not capable of such things." "What about the time you 'happened' to get wet walking under the washingellith's balcony on a non-washing day?" "The washing ellith was being industrious, I am sure." "The time Father found out about your escapades with squirrels at night after you hid her doll." the brothers guffawed at the mention. "I was a bit clumsy," his face was growing red. "What about Amroth's sudden kinship with the trees?" Soon after Artanis was well again, the said elf belatedly discovered that his shampoo was contaminated with dye, but was unable to do anything about it. His hair was green for months. Artanis had claimed innocence, and there is nothing that Amroth could prove against her. The brothers shuddered in the memory. "Even if she is resourceful, she's incapable of anything of large significance," said Angrod with conviction. "That's because she charms you with her radiant smile and drops worms in your tunic," replied Finrod. Angrob flushed. "It was my fault that I rolled in the grass with Orodreth." "I am sure that the worms happened to be inside your tunic were inspecting your lean elfin muscles." Orodreth roared in laughter. -------- "Nana!" Artanis tugged on her Naneth's skirts, wanting attention. "Yes, meleth nin? What is the matter?" Earwen stopped her sewing when she saw Artanis's tears. "Aegnor, Finrod, Angrob yelled at me when I was singing." "Weren't they in the study working on their lessons?" she smiled at her wilful daughter, watching her eyes widen. "Yes, Naneth." "Then you know that they need nothing to disturb them, as their lessons, as you will find one day is not easy for them." "But... but...they won't play with me, and they yelled!" Artanis flailed her arms, wanting Nana to see her side. "At all times, Artane, we need to respect others time or need for anything. Right now they are busy, but I am sure they have never refused to play with you when they have nothing in their mind, did they not? Didn't Finrod play hide and seek with you, or Orodreth joined your tea parties, and Angrob read you stories at night?" "Yes, Naneth," comprehension came to her yet undeveloped mind. "I agree with you that they shouldn't have yelled at you, and of that I will speak to them, but have consideration, will you meleth nin?" "Yes, Naneth. And thank you," she said politely back. Earwen kissed her only daughter's forehead. "Now, go play with your dolls in your room," and she saw Artanis skipping