Nobility Summary: When a tyrannical king takes the throne by the blood-stained tip of his sword, two women find themselves tangled in his search for power. Who is the pawn and who is the queen, and what will they sacrifice for love? Hansy/Tomione, eventual Dramione. Historical AU. Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. Credit where credit is due, Joanne Rowling. A/N: This work is an expansion of my one shot Chaotic Good (Chapter 22) from my short story collection Amortentia. It will follow the stories of two female narrators and protagonists (Pansy and Hermione) rather than two sides of a single romantic arc. The magic that exists in this AU is different from the Potterverse, as will become clear after some introductory material. Some characters will not be featured until later in the story, but please note the pairings listed in the summary. Hope you enjoy! Chapter 1: Your Majesty Lady Pansy Parkinson fought every instinct born of pride, every fiber of her being that told her to hold her chin high - a Parkinson, after all, of noble birth, of peerless virtue - to lower her eyes to the ground, her hands clasped as she walked, knowing all eyes were on her. Her shoes tapped against the stone of the castle and she fought a brief shiver of nerves, hearing her father's voice. "Finally," he'd said, as though the wait had exhausted him, "finally, some use for you." "Father?" she'd asked, bowing low. She had been at the stage in her life when she was expected to be ruled by two men; her father, and the king. Shortly - within moments; within breaths - she would learn that the list would condense. "The king has asked for you," her father supplied briskly, scarcely sparing her a glance. "You will do as you are told." She blinked; no other option would have occurred to her. What had been the meaning of the sanctity of her blood - the radiance of her pedigree - if not for this ? "Yes, Father," she replied, bowing her head. Beside him, her mother said nothing, and for a moment, silence ruled; but then Pansy's mouth had parted, the force of her many private burdens bubbling helplessly to her lips, and her father had sighed with impatience. "You have questions, I presume," he muttered, waving a hand. "So ask." What if I don't love him, she thought to plead. What if I don't even like him? "Why me?" she asked instead, and her father's lips curled into a mirthless smile. "Remember, daughter, there are only two reasons men do anything," he informed her, rich with condescension, and she had obediently lowered her gaze, modest in her curiosity. "Power," he said firstly, "and love. But one is far more likely than the other, and this ," he clarified with a careless laugh, "this, I assure you, is not love." Pansy swallowed a bitter mouthful of fear and trapped it; then choked out, "Power, then?" A shrug; a tacit agreement. "We may not be blessed with wealth," her father offered in answer, "but we are rich in land, and for those who see clearly, in strategy, as well." True enough , Pansy knew. Her father was lord of the Borderlands, and she a faithful daughter of them. The significance of this - the isolation of this - had not escaped her. Despite her practiced silence, Pansy was no fool. She knew that in life, games did not end at the edge of the board, nor did they relent to disappear past a telling line of a map - though she could not have guessed how far this king's ambitions extended. They were rich in land, yes, and strategy; that much was true. If her father had borne sons, she knew, they would have served in the royal army, perhaps been officers at court. But Lady Dahlia, the wife Lord Parkinson had chosen for beauty and for show, had only produced a single daughter, failing him in the end - at least, until this moment, Pansy realized, recognizing something that might have passed for affection in her father's eye as he lent a solemn kiss to the word finally. "Finally," he'd said, "someone has need of you," and there was a joy there, in the steepled tips of his fingers; relief, at the thought of her blessed absence. It had been an unsubtle reminder not to destroy her family's only chance to rocket into prestige. She could have been too old, or too young - the king could have called at a less ripened time than this one - but instead she was perfect; just what the king required, existing for his tastes, the highest born and most flawlessly bred from what his selection would allow. Pansy, the manifestation of Dahlia's inadequacy, would finally serve to prompt her family to rise. Her secret fears - what if I displease, what if I falter - what if I, like my mother, only fail? - were of little to no concern. Today they'd yanked her into her corset without a care to how they broke her, and oh, did she look fine. Her skirts rustled appealingly as she breezed through the door, the light hitting her eyes and coaxing her back to the present as she reached the Great Hall. She knew without looking up that he was there, the king himself, with her father beside him. She also knew that if not for her - if not for the king's need, and her convenient existence - her father would not find himself in such proximity; and yet still, in her knowing, she knew better - in her noble birth , her peerless virtue - than to expect his gratitude, or his fondness. She kept her eyes on the ground; she saw the king's boots first, the gilded base of his throne; his face would have to wait. She would need permission first. "Your Majesty," she breathed, sinking into a low curtsy before him. Silence. A rustle. He was shifting in his seat; no doubt looking her over, gauging the value of his purchase. What does my reign cost? he was asking, determining with a glance if sharing her bed were a price he would be willing to pay. "Up," he commanded, his voice low, and she rose, a puppet on his strings, her eyes demurely cast at his feet until she saw him stand; and then her breath caught as he approached her. She knew, impeccably trained as she had been, that she was bound to acknowledge her father, to bow nearly as low to him as she had to the king, but her attention was elsewhere. The man before her - the man who was to take ownership of her - was far too distracting. "This king," her mother had whispered, "are we sure he will be kind to her?" Pansy, concealed in the doorway, had heard her father laugh. "Not so sure as that, wife," he returned bluntly. "But I know sureness in the weight of my purse, and that much, I can tell you, is presently wanting - and won't be, if this betrothal sticks." A hesitant sigh from her mother. "The king is - " "Formidable, certainly," her father supplied at once. "I will be surprised if it's a marriage of affection, seeing as this king appears to have little to spare." There had been a rustle of skirts; a supplication. "Surely," Dahlia whispered, "surely you can ask - " "Ask?" her father echoed sharply, pairing his ire with a humorless laugh. "You're soft ," he snapped. "You've babied her." Anger swelled and taunted. "My lord," her mother said imploringly, and with a telling swish of silk, Pansy heard her mother sink back into the fabric. "Apologies, my lord, if I've overstepped." A dance , Pansy thought, observing; a bold step forward, a coquettish step back. Pansy, an able dancer, took careful note of the steps. "How this king chooses to treat her is out of your hands, and you'll have done her no favors if you fill her head with expectations of romance ," her father spat. "She'll be a queen, and her children will be princes. Kindness or not, you could wish no more for her than that." "I wish no more for her than what you require," Dahlia murmured, a graceful finish. The last step , Pansy knew, is always a bow. Up, the king had said, and so she had stood, looking him in the eye, the man who had previously amounted to less than a spectral presence in her mind. The man who, until that moment, had been no more than the sum of her father's greed and her mother's fears; the intangible shape of her future, edged by the hazy formulation of lore. They whispered about him all over the country; so, of course, she'd heard her fair share of tales. She'd heard that he had claimed the throne in cold blood, a conqueror-king; that he had placed himself atop a throne that only noblemen had previously dared to reach for; that he muted any voice that opposed him; that he, of little name and even lower fortune, had stolen his title, made off with it by the blood-stained tip of his sword. So, in the depths of her knowing, Pansy knew that her mother's whispers of are we sure he will be kind to her? were not so wildly misplaced. What the world had failed to mention, though, in their whispers, and what Pansy took stock of now, had been the stunning arrangement of his face, sculpted from perfection and lined with a consummate grace. They, the fools who'd never laid eyes on him, had failed to speak of the rich paleness of his skin, the ebony sheen of his hair, the keen cleverness of his gaze; nor had they mentioned the velvety richness of the blue which now appraised her sharply, traveling up and down the fabric of her gown - made for this occasion - as well as the offer underneath. Pansy shuddered, feeling naked before him despite the finery they draped her in. "Slender," the king noted, his gaze flicking to her father. "Taller than I expected," he added, and Pansy saw the twist of mockery in his gaze, an acknowledgement of her father's known insecurity. Are we sure he will be kind to her? Pansy heard Dahlia say. Perhaps he was not a kind man; perhaps, Pansy thought, kindness was overrated. The king reached out, lifting her chin; his blue eyes searched hers as he leaned in, something glittering in his gaze. Over his shoulder, Pansy saw her father's brow furrow; she wondered if it was concern, but knew - oh, she knew - that he was no paternal spirit. Lord Parkinson was appalled, more likely - of little name, she recalled of this king, and even lower fortune - but it was obvious that no one on earth would deny this man. He was close to her now; too close. Closer than any man had dared to stand. "Do you have desires, Lady Pansy?" the king asked, his voice low in her ear. "Do you wish for greatness, perhaps, or aspire to ascend?" A breath separated them. She kept her head still, knowing the percussive thud of her heartbeat might be enough to tip her against him. "I desire as you do, Your Majesty," she replied evenly, licking moisture to her lips. A step backwards; a familiar dance. Peerless virtue, she offered, burning fiercely in her pride and in her strange, consuming want. Noble birth. The king, though, looked disappointed. He took a step back, his face composing itself from its moment of intimacy, and she realized - her heart plunging, the beat of it suspended mid-breath - that she was meant to have leapt forward. This, she realized, was not the dance she'd been raised for. "Lovely," he concluded, despite his