Draught of Living Death Summary: A companion to Amortentia . Some love stories are beautiful, some are cautionary tales; all of these are both. Romantic short stories, multiple pairings, and mature themes - for when you crave a little darkness. Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. Credit where credit is due, Joanne Rowling. A/N: This short story collection (one shots and drabbles) is the darker, angstier counterpart of my humor collection, Amortentia. That is not to say there won't be any humor here, but it should be assumed that ALL stories in this collection contain mature themes and moral grey areas. There will be multiple pairings in this collection. Each story stands alone unless otherwise specified. Jan 24, 2017: I will be posting eight one shots to the collection for each day leading up to my birthday on January 31. Thanks for joining me! Soulless Pairing: Harmony (Harry x Hermione) Universe: Post-War AU Rating: M for language, sex, violence Summary: Voldemort may have killed Harry Potter, but Hermione will do whatever it takes to get him back. When I saw the green light strike your chest I thought I felt my own soul vacate my body - but I could not have known then how true that really was. She squinted up at the glowing figure presiding over the darkly cavernous room, knowing with an intangible - and, presently, indeterminable - certainty that she was well below the surface of any familiar terrain. It had been days of walking, of near delirium, and then, precisely as the stories had been told for centuries, she had woken up here, alone and shivering on the cold stone floor. The assembled figures around her - a hawkish court - eyed her guardedly, whispering to each other, clearly waiting impatiently for her to wake; she had stirred, they had gasped, and an uncomfortable staring had instantly commenced. He, the judge, was starkly pale - almost blue - governing his murmuring court with an eerie, unsettling calm. She, the penitent - perhaps , she thought, or else livestock - submitted herself to judgment on her knees and slowly bowed her head, waiting in desperation and in supplication; silently considering the weight of her decisions. Don't do it, Ron had pleaded with her, it's dangerous, Hermione - I know it's hard without him, but we have to move on - Move on ; as though such a thing were possible. As though she had not dreamt of him every night, of his boundless fall and her helpless paralysis. Always the same nightmare; always the same reality. Pain, whether sleeping or waking. I have to go after him, she argued wearily; weary of the argument, weary from the loss. I have to, Ron, it's Harry - I know it's Harry, Ron retorted sharply, and she could read the hint of bitterness in him, the stab of pain; that old insecurity, she knew, that he had never been enough. I know, Hermione, Ron protested, softening, and I miss him too - Not like she missed him, she wanted to say. Ron was saddened, wilted, delicately injured; he mourned the loss of his friend, his brother. Her emptiness, though, was consuming. Devouring. Harry's absence had meant an incurable void. I have to, was all she said, and Ron had eventually managed a nod, understanding in his way, in his practiced resignation - but still, he hadn't come, and despite her present fear, she was glad of it. It was better that way, she knew. She momentarily imagined Ron beside her now; pictured him hesitating fragilely, burdened by indecision and his constant desire to run, and immediately shook herself of the thought, silently pardoning him. There was a reason there had been three of them. There was always one to be loyal, one to be clever, and one to be brave when the others would fail - and so she imagined Harry instead. Pictured him, unbending until the end, and knew without hesitation that he would have done the same for her; and so she bore her flimsy imitation of his courage, waiting on her knees. "How did you find me?" the figure demanded sharply, interrupting her thoughts. She opened her mouth to answer, but was promptly cut off by a careless flick of his wrist. "Nevermind," he sniffed. "I can see as much. You found it in a book ." "Yes," she said hoarsely, "a book." She shifted her shoulders back, glancing up at him. "And it said," she ventured, finding her voice and drawing forth from her tireless recitation of facts, "that if I struck a deal with you - " "A deal," the figure scoffed, looking ruffled; he, either judge or deity, soured in displeasure, glowering at her as he cut her off. "As though I am some kind of troll under a bridge to be bargained with." She winced; she had never been particularly talented with communication. "I meant," she began uncertainly, but he cut her off with a glance. "I'm a businessman ," he informed her, brandishing a snobbish affectation. "I accept only one form of payment." At the prospect of this - of the potential for payment - the whispering around her ceased. The translucent figures leaned in, waiting; in truth, even she was relieved. This , at least, was a concept she understood. "If I pay," she said carefully, swallowing her misgivings before glancing up at him, "if I give you what you want, then - " "Yes," he confirmed briskly, his eyes narrowing from afar. "I'm not an unreasonable being. If you are willing to pay the price, you may obtain what you desire." He leaned back in his chair, steepling his fingers against his lips. "Well?" he said, prompting her with a gesture. "What is it you offer?" "Oh," she said, feeling her heart skip. "Well, um - " She sucked in a breath, uncertain. "Whose soul is it that you offer for his?" the judge prodded imperiously. "Your own? You realize, then," he informed her, and the room filled with a low buzz of cackled mocking, "that in doing so, you will have died for him?" She shut her eyes, summoning her memories, imagining the many times she'd thought she would have died beside him. I'll go with you, she heard herself say, and then - "If it's me for him, I'll do it," she said, her eyes fluttering open. "If that's the price, I'll pay." Around her, curious mutters crescendoed to a dull roar and the judge licked his lips, thinking. "Hmm," he murmured thoughtfully, cocking his head to look at her. "Interesting." "Interesting?" a member of the audience repeated, scoffing. "Hardly." "I agree. What fun is there in that?" another demanded, looking sulkily displeased. "I dare say that's no price at all if it's so freely given." "Indeed," another contributed impishly. "There must be more , your Eminence, or else - " "Silence," the judge barked sharply, waving his hand. "You," he said, once again fixing his unsettling gaze on her. "You say you'd willingly trade your soul for his?" "Yes," she said, swallowing nervously. "Yes, I would." "Do you not value your life?" he demanded. "Or does some other compulsion propel you?" "Er," she said, forcing hesitation down her throat. "It's - he's - " "Yes?" the judge prompted. " Speak , girl - " "For him," she said hastily. "For Harry, I'd - " she stopped, feeling the consummate silliness of he's my friend suddenly turn to ash on her tongue. "I'd do anything for him," she finished unimpressively, and despite her lack of monumental rhetoric, the judge's smile broadened slowly. "Hmm," he murmured again, and she felt a tingling thrill of dread. "For an intent so pure, perhaps I'll show some mercy, then," he mused softly, as chatter erupted around the courtroom. "SILENCE," he roared a second time, permitting the murmurs to abruptly dissolve before gesturing to a waif-like figure on his right, beckoning for them to rise. "The rules of transactions are simple," the judge said, orating as the waif transcribed. "For every soul that enters, one soul must remain." He glanced at Hermione. "Do you dispute the terms?" "No," she said, shifting anxiously from where she knelt. "But - " "Let the transaction be this, then: a division of souls," the judge proposed, and a startled burst of whispers rose again, "wherein the supplicant" - he gestured to her - "will vacate half her soul, as will the host, the remainder of which will be shared - " "Half," she echoed, startled. " Which half - " "Does it matter?" the judge interrupted, his teeth cutting against his thin lip as he smiled insincerely. "Is any fraction of one's being more valuable than the others?" "I - no," she said, frowning, "I just - " "Then you agree," he ruled, slamming down an opalescent gavel. "Two halves for a whole, with one soul between them" - wait, Hermione mouthed, the calculations amounting to addled questions in her mind to no apparent reaction, one soul, but then - "FETCH HIM," the judge shouted, and a hazy arch appeared to her left, revealing a familiar silhouette within its confines. She blinked, her vision slowly clearing, her misgivings dissipating with the smoke; a rush of blood to her head, a hitch in her breath - "Harry," she whispered, scrambling to her feet. " Harry - " He stepped slowly - unsteadily, as though regaining ownership of his stride - into the light, the glow radiating from the curves of his shoulders. He was precisely the same as she remembered, still grimy from the rubble of the castle, sweat still glistening on his forehead as he stepped, each one more certain than the next, rhythmically closing the distance between them - "Wait," the judge called, and one of the many iridescent figures stepped in front of her, halting her stumbled leap towards Harry to thrust a silvery-clawed hand into the basin of her chest, yanking the breath from her lungs. "There," the judge pronounced definitively. "Payment complete - " But she couldn't hear him, couldn't bring herself to process what, if anything, had been taken from her; she could only hear the dull roar in her ears, could only see the smile on Harry's face, swimming in her vision as she collapsed against him - an ecstatic, breathless cadence of Harry, Harry, Harry - She felt his arms close around her, enveloping her - what is a love story, she heard, a haughty whisper that soared through the hollow of her mind, if not the intertwining of two souls? - and felt a wave of nausea force her to her knees as everything around them went black. When she woke he was sitting beside her, staring at her. "You came for me," he said, in rapturous disbelief, and she felt her heart twist and leap; a stuttered sprint at the sight of him, at the familiar sound of his voice. "Of course," she breathed helplessly, reaching out for him. "Of course. " "But I failed you," he murmured, stroking her hair as her head fell against his shoulder. "I failed you, didn't I?" "You didn't," she assured him. "You didn't , Harry - " "He won," he croaked matter-of-factly, his voice still raspy from underuse. "He won, and so I failed." "No," she said, aghast, pulling back to look at him, but he tightened his arms around her. She breathed him in, waiting, words of reassurance caught in her throat; she opened her mouth to speak, rooting around for the right thing to say, but was cut off by the low thrum of his voice in her ear. "I won't fail you again," he whispered, and she shuddered in his arms, succumbing to a sudden unexpected chill. "The Order - or what's left of it, anyway," she mumbled sadly, after they'd apparated to the Forest of Dean, "travels in packs. We'll meet them at their next