How to Win Friends and Influence People Summary: After the war, Hermione discovered she liked to break things; bones, specifically. Similarly, Draco, whose life had crumbled to rubble, became fascinated with explosives. Dramione, post-war, espionage AU. Disclaimer: I do not own these characters and claim no profit from this work. Credit where credit is due, Joanne Rowling. Additionally, the story's title is adapted from the book "How to Win Friends and Influence People" by Dale Carnegie, but it shares none of Carnegie's content. a/n: There will be some espionage-related violence in this story, so please note the rating. Expect the following tropes: (1) forced partnership, (2) fake relationship, (3) enemies-to-lovers, and (3.5) at least one instance of inadvisable desk sex. As ever, I can't wait to start another story with you, and hope you enjoy! Chapter 1: Destiny Says So The first time: Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Sept 3, 1998 "Oh, for heaven's sake," she growled, glaring at him. "I was here first." "If you would kindly untwist your knickers, Granger, you might bring yourself to notice that I am simply reaching for a book ," he retorted, making a show of picking one up off the shelf. "Didn't your mother ever teach you to be polite?" She flipped a page, scowling. "I see you haven't changed a bit, Malfoy." "No, I haven't," he told her, "and regrettably, neither have you." She slammed the book shut, throwing her bag over her shoulder and rising to her feet. "I don't know why I thought I'd be able to come back here with you," she muttered. "I should have known you'd be the exact same bullying prat you always were - " "Look," he interrupted, waving her opposition away. "I'm just here to take my N.E.W.T.s and get out, same as you." She made a face, and he glowered back. "I'm not looking for any sort of reconciliation. You just stay out of my way, Granger," he offered forcefully, "and I'll stay out of yours." "You'd better, Malfoy," she snapped. "Don't think I've forgotten about everything you did." "Don't think I care," he retorted, and crossed his arms over his chest. "So are we clear?" "That you're an arse, and nothing's changed?" she prompted, artificially sweet. " Crystal. " "Good," he said flatly. "Good!" she yelled back. "SHHH," Madam Pince interrupted loudly, and they stared at each other, fuming. "Get out of my w- " "With pleasure," he drawled, stepping aside with a derisive bow, and she promptly stormed out. The second time: The Three Broomsticks, Hogsmeade Village December 25, 1998 "Oh, for fuck's sake," he groaned. "What in the name of Salazar's wrinkled ballsack are you doing here?" "Oh, shove it, Malfoy," she retorted. "Go away." " You go away," he snapped. "I'm just trying to have a drink - " "What are you even doing here?" she demanded. "Why aren't you with your family? Or better yet, at the bottom of the lake," she muttered under her breath, "being swallowed by the giant squid - " "They're n- " he began, cutting himself off, and then immediately grimaced. "I just can't go back there right now, okay? And anyway, listen, I really don't have the energy for this," he told her. "What with all the effort at pretending you don't exist that I've had my hands full with over the last four months - " "Please," she scoffed. " I'm not the one moping around the castle at all hours, staring broodily into space - " "Why aren't you with Weasley, anyway?" he cut in brusquely, glaring at her. "I thought you two were supposed to be some sort of disgusting apocalyptic approximation of romance - " "He's busy ," she said flatly. "He's an Auror now, so - " "Well, what a mindless fucking endeavor," he interrupted, arching a brow. "You must be so proud. " "Oh, shove it, Malfoy," she said, curling a fist and then promptly pivoting to exit. "Have a bloody happy Christmas , then, will you?" "I bloody will," he shouted, slamming his fork down and glaring after her as she left. The third time: Outside Twilfitt and Tattings, Diagon Alley July 10, 1999 "Oh no, don't look," she whispered to Ron. "No," she groaned, bringing her hand to her face as he spun over his shoulder. "I said don't look - " "Oh, wonderful ," she heard Draco drawl, and wanted instantly to sink below Diagon Alley's cobbled steps. "Look, it's my two favorite war heroes, just out for a romantic stroll - " "Shut up, Malfoy," Ron said, promptly throwing his arm around Hermione and discarding the argument they'd been having; the usual one, as always, about when she'd be halting her research at Hogwarts and joining him in London. Much as she hated to admit it, she wasn't entirely sure whether Draco Malfoy's appearance was a curse or - under those circumstances - a rather unfortunate blessing. "Get lost, would you?" Ron snapped, glaring at the other wizard. "I'm surprised they're still willing to serve you around here." Draco blinked, furious, and then he licked his lips, forcing a smile. "So am I," he said coolly, "but money will get you everywhere, won't it, Weasley? Oh, wait," he lamented, facetiously tapping his mouth. "You wouldn't know, would you?" "I'm a fucking Auror, Malfoy," Ron snarled. "I could arrest you right fucking now - " "Ron," Hermione whispered, clutching his arm. "Don't start." "Yes, listen to your fiancée," Draco advised, pointedly inspecting his fingernails. "Many happy returns, by the way. I'm ever so pleased you two paired off so magnificently, especially after such a - what are the papers calling it? A 'rocky start,' was it? I knew those articles about the strained long-distance relationship couldn't be true. Anyway," he said, shrugging, as Ron's face promptly turned scarlet with rage, "do look out for my congratulatory fruit basket, in between the photoshoots and all the convincing yourselves you're doing this for the right reasons that surely must be taking up all your time - " "Say one more word, Malfoy, and you'll have to look out for my wand up your arse," Ron seethed, and Hermione sighed. "Come on," she said, tugging him after her. "Let's go - " "Bye, Granger," Draco called cheerfully. "Do send a postcard when you've birthed the first of the new Weasel clan, will you?" "I'll make sure of it," she shouted over her shoulder, shoving Ron into Florean Fortescue's. The fourth time: Somewhere on Shaftesbury Avenue, London May 20, 2000 It was just her luck that on the rare occasion that she wasn't looking where she was going, she would have to bump shoulders with Draco Malfoy. "Hey, wait a second," he called, turning around as she kept walking. "Granger, is that you?" She sped up, pulling her coat tight around her. "Granger, aren't you supposed to be at - " He caught her arm, a little breathless, and she spun, glaring at him. "What?" she demanded, and he stared, brows furrowed. "Are you - " he swallowed. "Are you crying?" "No," she lied, and turned to keep walking. He, irritatingly, held on. "Wait, I just - wait, " he pressed, rooting her in place. "Are you wearing - " "My wedding dress? No," she said, laughing. "Nope. Just a long white dress, actually," she added, hiccuping once. "No reason." His eyes narrowed. "Granger," he said forcefully. "What the fuck?" She looked down, staring at her feet, and he sighed. "Come on," he muttered, glancing over his shoulder, and then surreptitiously pulled out his wand, apparating them elsewhere. "There," he said, as her feet settled on a lush set of gardens. It was dewy, and fragrant, and would have been beautiful had it not been tainted with the particular intrigue of things-after-midnight and places she shouldn't have been. "Talk," he instructed, gesturing to a bench. He sat. She didn't. "Suit yourself," he remarked indolently, and leaned back. "I suppose I can talk, if you prefer. For one thing, fuck London," he told her. "Do you know how much a pint costs? Outrageous. I hardly need concern myself with money but it's bloody thievery is what it is, really - " "I just wanted a happy ending," she told him blankly. "Was that too much to ask?" He cleared his throat, pausing, and then gestured beside him. She, reluctantly, sat. "So," he said. "You walked out on Weasley?" "He was having cold feet," she said, hearing the robotic tone of her voice and wishing there was something she could do about it. "I heard him telling Harry he wasn't sure. That he thought maybe we'd rushed into it," she added, "because it wasn't working between us, and we'd thought maybe if we were more committed, it would , but - " She trailed off, and he said nothing. "I did us a favor," she ruled, shivering. "And anyway, I paid all the vendors before I left," she added, "and I sent apology owls to all the guests individually, and - " "Fuck, Granger," he exhaled, shaking his head. "You're the only person on earth who could make a traumatic breakup sound like an expertly planned logistical feat." "I'm considerate," she told him. "And realistic, and - " "What was it?" he interrupted. "What you were fighting about." She blinked. "We weren't fighting," she insisted. "It wasn't that we were fighting, exactly, and everything was fine, it was just - " "Was it about how you can't sleep at night?" he asked. "That you don't come to bed, because you don't want to come to bed, and yes, you're reading that book for the twentieth time, because it's easier than sleeping? Easier than thinking, and easier than remembering , and thus, a better use of time? Or was it because you don't like to come home," he ventured, staring out into the dark. "That you'd rather be working - and that no, you don't use your time together well, you're not fully present, because you don't feel normal - you can't feel normal, because everything went wrong and so, maybe, it'll just go wrong again? And then she leaves you," he finished, clearing his throat. "Because you don't make her happy, because you aren't happy, and you don't know why." Hermione swallowed, letting a heavy swell of time pass. "He wanted me to be his wife," she said eventually. "You know? His wife . Hermione Weasley." She turned, facing him. "Does that make sense?" Draco shrugged. "Stupid of him," he said. "Terrible name, firstly, and extremely poor grasp of your personality, if we're being realistic - " "Well, I mean, to his credit, he never actually said that," she murmured. "I just - I felt it." She took a deep breath; let it out. "And maybe that's not fair, but - " "Who cares what's fair?" he retorted. "What part of our lives was ever fair ? We want what we want," he said dully, "and we get almost none of it, so - " He trailed off. She grimaced. "I don't know what I want to do with my life," she confessed, saying the words out loud for the first time that she could remember. "And he does, and I don't think - I don't think it would be right if we - " She sighed. "It's better this way," she finished, and he didn't move; didn't breathe. They looked out into the night, tacitly agreeing to silence, as a peacock warbled something that sounded suspiciously like a long string of expletives. "So," Draco drawled. "Should we have sex?" She turned, staring at him. "No," she said, and he shrugged, unsurprised. "Just trying to make you feel bet- " "There is something I want from you, though," she ventured slowly, and he lifted a single pale brow. "Well, spit it out, Granger, I haven't got all n- " "I want to hit you," she informed him.