Nightmares and Nocturnes Summary: A story per night to save her life. Dramione, dystopian post-war AU. Disclaimer: I do not own these characters and claim no profit from this work. Credit to Joanne Rowling. A/N: This is my second Dramione AU (after my This World or Any Other series) and takes place in a separate storyverse. It stands alone from my other work. The premise is based on the legendary Scheherazade from One Thousand and One Nights and will have numerous other fairytales woven throughout. The story begins seven years after the Battle of Hogwarts, and as will become clear over time, Voldemort has won. The first chapter is by far the darkest, and as a warning, it contains references to psychological torture. However, it will get better from here. As always, I hope you find the story interesting, and look forward to starting a new journey with you. PART I NIGHTMARES Chapter 1: The Night Girl She tried to lift her head from the ground but couldn't; her mind had long since lost command over her movements, and it seemed that even muscle memory could sometimes fail. She let her eyes open and close slowly, feeling her chest creak as it expanded and contracted, wondering why it still did. At one point, she had been keeping track of the days. At one point she had been convinced that her current state of being was only temporary, that surely no twisted fate could have seen fit to punish her with this. And this , whatever it was, had to amount to madness, really. She could identify that, somehow, mustering only the clarity necessary to diagnose herself as though the tiny, nearly inconsequential sliver that remained of her sanity, the piece of her that had managed to evade the slow destruction of her captivity, were taunting her from within; it whispered to her about how far she'd gone, how monumentally distanced she'd become from what she once was. It reminded her of her catastrophic failures and her imagined terrors, every single one of them amounting to both wretchedly true and spectacularly false, trapping her in a state of paralyzing stupefaction for her harrowing lack of proof. She had been heralded for her mind only to have it turn on her, to find herself engulfed by its desolation. She had once been keeping track of her own capture, letting her nails grow savagely unkempt so as to carve a shallow line for each day that passed into the rotting wood of the floor beneath her, only to realize with the last of her lucidity that her captors were taunting her, changing their patterns and shifting her meals so as to take ownership over even her concept of time. It was to be her last possession. Then she became disjointed and unsettled, biting her nails until her cuticles bled, and the tiny lines that railed against the grain of the wood began to change shape and mock her, taking the form of her fears; she steadily unclenched her grip on reality, losing herself with every passing moment that the diminutive, linear army battled relentlessly against her soul. That was when she started hearing them again. Draco Malfoy sauntered through the halls of the manor, hearing the tap of his shoes against the floor as his steps echoed around him, making their grand escape toward the high ceilings and ricocheting back to his ears with a comforting reassurance. Still walking , the sound congratulated him. Still standing. It was hard to consider himself fortunate, though it was perhaps twice as difficult to consider any other applicable term. Funny that what he'd once considered a mistake, what he'd once been so sure would be his undoing - standing in the Astronomy Tower with his wand to a feeble old man's head - would eventually save his life. Morality, then, was hardly an impenetrable shield. What did you imagine would happen? his father had asked, the one time he'd foolishly tried to refuse. What did you foresee would be the outcome? Death, probably. Perhaps it was rather telling that he'd never expected to emerge victorious in the inevitable unfolding between the Dark Lord and the Boy Who Lived. It was no vote of confidence for him; why had he ever expected a teenager to win, in the end? Only in fairytales. It doesn't have to be this way for you , his mother had said, coughing into her handkerchief and trying to hide the blood. Just leave. But of course he'd stayed. Funny she would say that, Theo had remarked at her funeral, placing his hand on Draco's shoulder. Makes you wonder what they thought they were doing with us. Draco did not believe in speaking ill of the dead, and so he said nothing. He propelled himself quickly through the front doors of Malfoy Manor, pulling his coat tighter around him as he stepped onto the manicured lawn. The sky was a viscous, syrupy grey with a smoldering red tint, thick with smoke and heavy with melancholy from a fire somewhere out of sight. There had been a time when he would choke on the smoke and wonder who was responsible; eventually it became customary not to ask, and then pointless to wonder. Draco flicked the flutter of ash from his shoulders and looked up at the partially concealed sun, wondered when he had last felt clean. "Father," he called, advancing toward him. "You needed something?" Lucius turned from where he'd been inspecting the grounds, his grey eyes narrowing in surprise. "You're here," he commented unnecessarily. "I am," Draco confirmed crisply, adopting the particularly erect stance that he'd developed once he'd reached his father's height. "I received an owl this morning that you needed me." "From whom?" Lucius asked, his forehead wrinkling. Draco cleared his throat stiffly, feeling a flutter of irritation. "If you don't want to see me, you can always change the wards," he said carefully, making a point to control the timbre and pace of his tone. It wouldn't do to lose his temper. "That has nothing to do with it, Draco," Lucius retorted sharply, crossing his arms impatiently. "You know that." Right . They'd slowly stopped cohabitating shortly after Narcissa's death; one of the benefits of having been claimed by the winning side was that any potential legal claim that the remaining biological Blacks - Andromeda and the Lupin boy - could make were null and void, establishing Draco as the sole inheritor for both the Black family as well as the Malfoys. What had initially begun as a renovation of the white stucco mansion on Palace Gardens Terrace (a secondary Black property which had passed to Narcissa in the wake of her cousin Sirius's death, and then to Draco) evolved to Draco's full time inhabitation, until his presence at the Manor was limited only to errands and occasions. Draco had made a point to make this transition quietly, as a strain in the Malfoy household simply would not do, for either himself or his father. Draco already had so shaky a claim to authority over the new recruits that distancing himself from Lucius could only cause him harm. He was protected by his name. He always had been; there was no reason for anything to change now. All he had to do - all he ever had to do - was not fight with his father. Though that was more difficult than it sounded. "It was Rowle," Draco clarified, taking care to keep his voice low and edgeless. "If you'd like me to take it up with him, I can." Lucius considered him for a moment. "Fine," he concluded, and Draco wondered how Lucius still saw Narcissa, how he could still find it in himself to resent his son for her absence, when all Draco saw in his reflection - no matter how hard he looked, and truly , the search was unending and fervent - was Lucius. "Check in with Rowle." "Lestrange?" Draco asked, referring to the old manor house. The Dark Lord had been put off by the presence of natural death; Narcissa's had been no exception. Malfoy Manor was long emptied. "Yes," Lucius replied, his eyes drifting up to regard the richly fibrous sky, plum-red where it localized above someone else's suffering. Draco turned without another word. "Hermione." She cracked a single eyelid, peering into the dim light that seemed to shine directly into her eyes, glowing like a halo around his unruly black hair. "Hi," she murmured, her fingers twitching as she attempted and failed to raise her arm, willing herself to reach for him. Harry took a seat beside her, his face placid and still like the last time she'd seen him. She knew what he was going to ask. "Tell me a story," he suggested, making himself comfortable as he shifted against the rotting wood. "A good one," he added, his green eyes appraising her sharply, as though he suspected she would disappoint him. He'd become accustomed to doing this in times of stress, seeking her out for whimsy, despite the fact that she inherently possessed so little. It wasn't so much that she had ever had anything to offer, or any consolation to give; she'd simply learned from experience that people reached helplessly for their roots in times of trauma, and only she and Harry shared a muggle childhood. It had become a ritual for them, the stories, and it was the last thing they had that felt pure, and uniquely theirs. Other than the losses, of course; and when it came to those, they drew from the same vault of emptiness. He waited for her to speak; she felt her heart crack open and bleed for him. "I - " She coughed, struggling. The pressure of her voice was like knives against her throat. I don't know if I can. "Please," he begged, and she saw it again - her last glimpse of his face. The widening of his eyes as she reached for him, only to find a vacancy in the air where his fingers should have been. It was a feral kind of horror, and she wished she could take hold of it and discard it. She wish she could press her fingers to his trepidation and make him whole. "Please." She sighed, closing her eyes. There had never been a thing on earth she wouldn't do for Harry Potter. "Once," she said, stopping again to clear the dusty cavern of her throat, managing a painful swallow. "Once upon a time." Out of practice. Her voice sounded foreign and scratchy. "Good," he told her, nudging her in his particularly juvenile way; the Boy Who Lived. "Keep going." She ran through the stories in her head; the ones she'd grown up hearing, the ones she'd made a point to read. She must have read them all. Which one to tell? The effort of remembering was exhausting; she half wanted to close her eyes and sleep. Potentially forever. She found she welcomed the thought. "Keep going," Harry repeated, and she winced at the sharp pain in her ribs as she attempted to sigh dramatically. Keep going . He would. "Once upon a time," she said again, feeling the motion of accessing her voice start to become familiar. "There was - a girl." "A girl," Harry echoed, his eyes sparkling behind his crooked glasses. "A beautiful girl?" "At one time, yes," she whispered. Not anymore . "Gosforth," Draco said, nodding to him. "Whiddon." They looked back at him, their faces plastered with a stiff, false pleasantness. If Draco were not the son of Lucius, they likely would have been freer with their disdain. "Malfoy," they replied, nodding to him. "You need something?" Gosforth asked dutifully, though his body language leaned towards a scarcely concealed lack of interest. "Rowle sent for me," Draco replied, giving into his ego and taking care to stand unnervingly close to the much shorter, much younger man. Shorter, younger