"Here we go," Katniss exhales as she steps onto the elevator. She thinks of her family and Gale. Wishing with all her heart she wasn't reaped for this. She didn't want this. She and Gale were planning a future together. Since she was reaped to go into the 75th annual 'Hunger Games', and it was Gales' last year being entered in, they were going to move out to the forests to hunt and have a family. But Peeta ruined every last bit of that daydream. "I can't let him get away with saying that about me." Haymitch and Effie say that she's over-reacting. That he made her look "desirable" and "loving". It did all but make her look like either of those. She had a choice on what to do. She could leave it be, or take action. Well, she's never been known to turn down a challenge. If Peeta wanted to play games, she would show him how to play. This is the 75th 'Hunger Games' after all. It's full of games. No, really. It consists of three gaming rounds now. The first round is paintball, second is go-karting, and the final round to choose a winner is a cook-off. In the first round, a total of 12 people will be eliminated, with the rest of the 12 moving on to the next round. In go-karting, a total of 6 people will lose the race, and that leaves the final 6 to move on into the final round. It wasn't always like this. Katniss wished it wasn't all fun and games. Back from the very 1st games through the 25th games, it was a complete bloodbath. Districts would turn against one another, allies vs allies, siblings vs siblings. Everything changed once the presidents' grand-daughter was chosen for the 21st games. Then all the rules had to be changed so he didn't lose his 'precious girl'. "Hey, Katniss!" screams Peeta from across the arena. This makes everyone around her look at her and start laughing. Katniss was not going to take this. She was going to do everything in her power to execute Peeta. She had three main ideas on how to do it, one for each round of the games. Before she said her goodbyes to Cinna and stepped onto the elevator, she was able to get ahold on Peeta's paintball gun and rig it to explode within the first 10 minutes of the games. Finding the gun was easy. Since all the games have to be played fairly now, each district had the same guns, armor, and ammo. All the supplies was on the same floor with them so each person could get an idea on how to use them. It was putting the timer and explosives into Peeta's gun that was the problem. It took her over an hour of messing around with it to finally get it all together. If he were to somehow survive the explosion in the first round, and moves on to the second, Katniss will mess with the breaking system in his kart. In the finale, if he somehow once again slips by her trap, she was going to poison him. She didn't know how she was getting the stuff to do the job, but she will surely find a way. She broke her death glare from Peeta to look up at the countdown and around the field. The field was mostly open, with a few old broken down cars and buses scattered around. She turns around without stepping off her tower and sees there's a forest behind her. Perfect. 5.. 4.. 3.. 2.. 1.. And they're off. Katniss dashes for the forest for cover. Peeta runs off the other way. "Shit," Katniss whispers. "I have to keep an eye on him". As Katniss looks around the field, bright colors are landing on just about every possible spot. She climbs the closest tree to get a better look. It looks like a color run just happened near the area of the small towers she was just standing on. Bright blues, greens, pinks, and purples are covering the bases of the towers, cars, buses, and trees. Katniss quickly glances up at the clock. It's only been seven minutes into the 'Hunger Games', and there are already eight people out. Four more and this round is over. And three more minutes until Peeta's gun goes off. Sprinting through the open field to where Peeta ran to, she watches two more people get struck by bright blue and green paintballs. Two more people left to get eliminated from this round. And only one minute left until the timer is up. As Katniss sprints as fast as she can for the bus where she last saw Peeta, she starts to smell smoke. "Peeta's gun is smoking!" exclaims the girl from district five. Katniss turns around just in time to watch Peeta run around from the side of the bus. She watched his face with satisfactory as his gun exploded in his arms. Screams were coming from every direction possible. Looks of true horror are staring at the spot where Peeta was just standing. But it's all smoke now. As Katniss watches her victory emerge, she looks closer into the smoke to see his body. But, there was no body. Instead, he comes from around the complete other side of the bus, covered in ash from the bomb. There's only from what it looks like burn marks on his body. Otherwise, he is unharmed. "What the hell just happened?" Peeta heaves out as he sprints toward Katniss for support. "I could have died!" "That was the point," answers Katniss. "You were supposed to die." "Well how would you even know? Are you trying to say that was your idea!" Peeta is getting frustrated now. Watching Katniss face, the girl he told the country he had loved, tell him exactly what happened. "No, not at all. I just thought it would be a fun twist to this part of the games," her voice dripping with sarcasm. As the radio from the control room shrieked to life, it indicated that the paintball round was officially over. Peeta was still alive, and Katniss was planning her next move. As everyone was congratulating Peeta on surviving, they all started to wonder if the Capital had turned on them. It wouldn't be the first time they've 'forgotten' about the country they are supposed to watch and care for. Going up to their rooms, Peeta got even more sympathy that Katniss couldn't stand to listen too. She stormed up to her room, changed her fancy window, as she calls it, and starts thinking of ways to tinker with Peeta's kart. After about six minutes of slow and hard thinking, Katniss gave into her tired eyes, and fell asleep. "Rise and shine! It's time to show the world who Katniss Everdeen is!" Effie was standing at the foot of the bed slowly pulling the warm covers off of Katniss. She quickly reaches down to pull the sheets back up to her chin. She wasn't ready for round two. She had given into sleep the night before and had no idea what she was going to do. "Now that's no way to start the morning off," Effie insists. "Haymitch is already at the table. He is wanting to talk to both you and Peeta. And if Haymitch is already at the table, then that means you are very late." Katniss grunts loudly as to show Effie she was not happy with that comment. About ten minutes later she emerges from her room, she hears Haymitch's good morning sweetheart from across the room. "I wanted to talk about what happened yesterday in the field," Haymitch says as Katniss finally get seated at the table. "We don't know who did the damage to Peetas' gun, but we have all reason to believe the capital is ready to turn against the players. We want to make sure you both look over your karts today very thoroughly today. We don't want another mishap of yesterday. That is all". "Wait," Katniss questions. "You seriously got me out of bed, to tell me to look over our karts". "Yes". "Well, thanks for the morning announcement but if you don't mind, I will be taking my breakfast to bed with me". Katniss finally made it back to her room. Back to being alone to hatch out another plan. A few hours go by when she finally came out of her room to get ready for her plan. She finally thought it through so Peeta wouldn't notice. She was going to cut the brake lines. When she looked into the kart, she noticed that they were tucked away so nicely that he wouldn't notice a little separation in the line. At that moment, Peeta came walking around. "Hello, Katniss." "Hi." Are you taking Haymitch's advice?" "Yep". "That's cool. Did you really mean what you said yesterday? About wanting me to be dead?" "Yes. I did. You made me look weak. And I will not let that go". "Well, alright. Nice talk. I will see you on the track". "Bye". Finally. Back to her plan. She only has 20 minutes until they were supposed to be with their costumer. She found the line, which took longer than she thought, and was ready for the Avox to come get her ready. All prepped and ready to win this round, Katniss steps onto the elevator, and waves back at Cinna. The track was unusually bright. A huge pitch black track stretches out in front of them. She looks around with the 11 contestants left and sees that on the back of each kart was their district number and that they were all in order. With ones in the front and twelves in the back. "Everyone, start your engines," roars the loud speaker as it comes to life. Everyone steps down into their little go-kart and turns the key. Peeta gives a hesitant look toward Katniss, to which she returns a murderous glare. The lights have one red, three yellows, and one green. Katniss watches with glee and each one lights up slowly one by one. Once that light hit green, everyone's tires squealed on the black track and everyone was gone. Katniss steps on the gas and gets to sixth place as quickly as she could with Peeta in fifth place. This round was only one lap, so if she wanted to watch Peeta crash into the wall, she has to stay right behind him. The track was absolutely huge and the race was beginning to drag on and on. She couldn't believe this was still going on. They had made their way up to fourth and third place with Katniss behind Peeta. The boy from district eight didn't make it all the way to where they are now. The boy from district three and the girl from district 11, Rue, Katniss thought, were the two people in front of them. "I knew Rue could do it," Katniss smiles to herself. She had always thought Rue had some fight in her. The finish line was finally in sight and Katniss let's a sigh of relief. Finally her plan will be put into motion, and neither one of them had lost their spot. As the boy from three and Rue cross the finish line, Peeta and Katniss follow close behind. Katniss smears an evil grin across her face, as she watches Peeta, filled with glee, cross the finish line with the winner's jitters. The feeling of glee and the jitters quickly fade away as Peeta tries to slam on the breaks that don't work. "Somebody help me!" Peeta screams. "Hopefully those are your precious last words," Katniss whispers to herself. Once again, Katniss hears the screams of the people around her as Peeta crashes into the wall. People run over to his limp body and pull him out of the kart. Katniss is almost jumping up and