This is my new story, if that wasn't obvious, I guess. :) Read and enjoy! Annabeth "Don't forget your sunglasses and hat, and make sure you stay out of the way of people, and if you see anybody with a camera, steer clear immediately, and if—" "Mom." The single word I uttered stopped my parent's rush of instructions. I had half a mind to just hang up right now, but I was incredibly bored on the plane, and listening to my mom rant and rave about what I was supposed to do was more interesting than sitting and trying to fall asleep, no matter how bizarre that sounded. Normally I couldn't stand listening to my mom's instructions. They were more like demands that if you didn't follow, she'd find some way to ground you. Like, not let you try out for a new world-wide movie coming up. Well, that's how I got grounded. Mind you, this is the fifth time she's called. Sometimes I wonder if having a mom as an agent is worse—being more protective than ever and all. Hey, at least I didn't have to have bodyguards. That would suck. Okay, let me back up a little. My name is Annabeth Chase, I'm a seventeen-year-old actress who lives in California, the Golden State. I became pretty famous when I played the lead role in a popular movie when I was nine, and from then on, it was pandemonium. More acting, more movies, more fame, more troubles. You may think being an actress who's name most everybody in the world knows would be fun, but it could get seriously stressful and irritating at times. However, it was my life, and I loved acting. I could get past all the other letdowns if I just got to act. My mom was a good agent. She was a businesswoman who had a lot of important connections with people around, and she got me into a lot of movies. Even though she and I had a rocky relationship, we still worked together pretty well. Recently, there's a new movie being planned. It's called "The Girl's Cowboy". That was my goal. I wanted to be in that movie so bad, and not just because the main actor—who's already been picked—is Luke Castellan, the hottie of Hollywood. Well, yes, I did kind of want to be in the movie for that reason, but I also wanted to get into the movie because I loved horses. Only problem? I didn't know a thing about horses, and the title hints at the movie doing a lot with horses. The solution to this dilemma is learning. So that's where I was right now, on a plane to a ranch in Colorado where I would stay for the summer. Hopefully by the end of the visit, I would be able to ride and take care of a horse. By then, my spot as the main actress was basically established. The movie director had already shown a large interest in using me as the main actress, so I just needed to learn my way around the equestrian life. "Mom," I repeated, "I'll be fine. No one will recognize me. I've done this before, you know." "Well, yes," my mother said. "But that was with me, or Malcolm." Malcolm was my older brother, and he took mom's path of becoming a business person, already owning a manufacturer of his own. He and I were pretty close, but I hadn't seen him in a while. "I promise I'll make sure I'm not recognized," I reassured her, my exasperation barely concealed as my gaze latched onto the square plots of farm land down on the ground. The intercom sounded above me, and I listened to it for a second. "I gotta go, we're landing. I'll talk to you later, mom." "Okay. Remember, your driver is looking for the name Jackson. That's the last name of the family at the ranch, and we're just using that name so they don't recognize ours." I told her I would remember, then ended the call, sighing before settling back into my seat and slipping the belt around my waist. I wasn't on a private jet, that would be too conspicuous. So instead I just had colored contacts in, a Yankee's baseball cap to cover most of my features, and makeup that shielded my face well. I was proud of my makeup artist, Piper McLean, for doing such a good job. She and I were also good friends, and I was hoping she'd find time to visit during the summer. The person sitting beside me was snoring, sounding like a whale coming up for air each time he breathed in. I resisted the urge to see how full of Pepsi I could make his open mouth without spilling. However, I wouldn't have had the time anyway—the stewardess was constantly pacing up and down the length of the plane. We landed smoothly, and I grabbed my bags and hurried out into the airport. The sign up on the wall read, "Welcome To West Burge, Colorado!" People walked by without giving it a second glance, continuing on with their life. I followed the bulk of passengers to the baggage claim, careful to keep my head down. We—as in me, my mom, and some of my other agents—didn't want the world to know I was here for two reasons. One being the fact that my mom believed I needed some "down-time" before the big movie so I would perform better, and two, we didn't really want everybody to know I didn't know how to ride a horse. Well, I did know how to, but not very smoothly or well. So after a bunch of planning, we finally found a relatively small town in Colorado, and the ranch owners knew my mom and assured her they would keep everything secret. By the way my mom talked about the ranch owner, she didn't seem very fond of him. But she allowed me to go to the ranch, claiming it was the only one they could get in such short notice. The thought intimidated me, though: Going to a family I didn't even know and spending the summer at their ranch. I know, big star Annabeth Chase was scared? Hey—I was human. Not some supernatural person who has just about no fears. Don't get all Four or Tobias on me, people. "Ma'am, you dropped this," I heard someone say behind me. I pivoted to see a man holding my wallet, it's button snapped open, revealing my ID and license and all. A picture of my face—not too much makeup and no hat—smiled up at the man, who's eyes widened. But before he could have too close a look at the name, my hand swung out, swiping it from his fingers. "Oh, thanks," I said, trying to keep my voice even. "Didn't know I dropped it." He squinted at me. "Um, what's your name? You look familiar?" "Uh- Annabel. Annabel . . . Jackson." I just said the first name that came to mind. Annabel was a name I often used, and I might as well use Jackson, since I'm going to their house is anyway. I hoped they wouldn't mind. Oh, well. "I really have to go, sorry," I muttered, stepping back and almost tripping on my luggage I just picked up. There were only two big suitcases and my small backpack for the plane that held my purse and other belongings. The man was still staring at me as I hurried away, thankful for the hat that I could pull down low. I found my way out of the airport into a large parking lot. Cars were either stationed on the curb or driving around, and quite a few people were holding up signs with last names. Flipping my sunglasses on, I walked down, my grey eyes searching. Soon I saw a man, probably around his mid-forties, leaning against a pick-up truck. He had black hair turning grey in some spots, and warm green eyes that held smiling wrinkles on the edges, lining his face. When he saw me, he waved me over. I approached cautiously. "Miss Annabel?" he asked, but I caught his subtle wink as he said the name. Smiling, I said, "Yes, sir. Are you Mr. Jackson?" He nodded, introducing himself. I accepted his offered hand, then he helped me put the luggage into the bed of the truck. He came around, holding my door open for me, to which I politely thanked him before climbing in. Then he walked around and got in himself. "Well, Miss Annabeth, it's good to meet you. You can call me Poseidon." I smiled slightly, feeling awkward. "Thanks for letting me stay at your place." He shrugged as he stuck the keys in the ignition and twisted. I felt the car vibrate as it came to life. Poseidon bullied his way into the line of traffic before answering. "No problem. Even though Athena and I have had some rough times, I didn't hold that against you, and I like having visitors to the ranch. It's a wonderful place." "I bet it is, and I love horses," I replied. "I just don't really know my way around them." "By the end of the summer, I promise you will know more than most. We'll get you in that movie, don't worry." I grinned at him, settling back into my seat. "So is it just you at the ranch or. . .? My mom didn't exactly give me details." "No, I have son. He's about your age. His name's Percy, and his mom and stepdad live down the road. They're up at the ranch a lot." I raised an eyebrow, and upon seeing this, Poseidon hurried to explain. "Oh, it's fine. Sally—that's her name—is a friend of mine now, and her husband Paul is a fine man. I don't mind it at all." He took a turn right on the highway, silence ensuing for a moment. It was beautiful here, so different from San Francisco, which is where I lived. Instead of skyscrapers and buildings, trees surrounded the area, and I could see the Rocky Mountains poking over the tops of the branches. The buds had opened on the branches, and the late May air was warm. The sun was going down, and on the drive it disappeared behind the earth, darkness invading the sky. Poseidon and I exchanged small talk as we drove on, but I was really tired and mostly just leaned my head against the window, watching nature fly by. After about a half of an hour of driving, Poseidon turned into a long gravel driveway traveling under a canopy of treetops. "This is beautiful," I commented, staring at the sight above and around us. Wildflowers dotted the edges of the lane, which continued straight for a time before breaking out into the open. "Thank you," Poseidon answered, glancing briefly at me. A quick look in the rearview mirror showed dust kicking up in the light of dusk. Before long we had come in sight of a large ranch house, looking regal and grand up on a hill. It was in the middle of a huge clearing, with a big barn on one side, a paddock next to the barn. On the other side of the house was a garden, but I couldn't see too clearly in the dark. The house was white, with two floors and a balcony on the upstairs. The floor of the upstairs balcony had Greek fashioned columns protruding from the bottom, reaching down to the deck of the first floor with the main door on the wall back a little in the middle of the columns. "That's beautiful, too," I said dazedly. I was used to big mansions that were modern and too expensive and clean. This looked like a mansion, but a... country one, I guess. A few lights were on, and one flickered on in a