Disclaimer: I do not own HP or make any profit from this story. It is for the enjoyment of the fans and an excuse for me to play out my plot bunnies. Photos in cover image are not mine, I just made the collage. Rated M for swearing, adult themes, and future Lemons. Draco is inspired by and based very heavily off of Tom Felton's Julian Albert from The Flash. The development of his and Hermione's relationship (in the beginning at least) will seem similar to that of Julian and Caitlin Snow. Because it is. I am also drawing inspiration from this pairing as well. All that being said, I take no credit for any instances, moments, scenes etc. that may make you go "this reminds me of The Flash", since the CW did it first, and I am just letting my brain run wild with the Dramione they created in Julian and Caitlin. So, again...any similarities are credited to the CW, I am only inserting Draco and Hermione. (Again, also not mine). Summary: Draco is given a choice at his trial between a one-year sentence in Azkaban prison, or one year in exile. Wanting to avoid the wretched place already playing host to his father, Draco chooses exile in Egypt. There, he trains to become a Curse Breaker, fulfilling the condition of his return to England that he must come back with the intention of becoming a functioning member of society. Dramione slow-burn. Note: This chapter is going to feel like it is moving fast. It is. I am covering several years right in the beginning on purpose. I will be more than happy to answer questions in reviews if there is any confusion after reading. Thank you all! See you on the other side! Be still, my love I will return to you However far you feel from me You are not alone I will always be waiting And I'll always be watching you Lyrical credit to Amy Lee Chapter 1 Speak to Me Cold. All he felt was cold. Did the Ministry intentionally keep the Department of Mysteries just above freezing to reinforce this feeling of gloom Draco wondered as he was escorted by the two Aurors down the black-tiled passage to the court room. The deeper into the department he moved the colder it seemed to become. At first, he thought there were Dementors waiting, considering the overwhelming despair that engulfed him when the lift had arrived on Level 9. But upon entering the court he was relieved to see none present. Then he remembered that the Ministry no longer used Dementors. So perhaps they did intentionally maintain a freezing charm over the department. As he approached the high-backed chair in the center of the oval-shaped chamber, Draco looked around. More people had turned up to observe his trial than he had anticipated. His eyes easily picked out Potter, Granger, and Weasley. The first and last had the expected looks of disdain on their faces. But Granger appeared…sad. Perhaps she was merely reacting to the temperature and it was a look of discomfort. But then Draco noticed her eyes flick to his wrists, manacled together with a binding spell, and then back up to his face. No, he wasn't misreading her. She was genuinely upset. Draco didn't have time to consider why, as he was being shoved into the chair. The spell on his wrists was removed only to be replaced once he laid his arms on the sides of the chair. Now he was effectively strapped down. Anger coursed through him. He was being treated like a criminal. Well, he considered, in the Ministry's eyes, he was. He was on trial for crimes he had committed during the war. What exactly he was being charged with, he did not yet know. But Draco suspected, and the thought sickened him. He swallowed hard and looked up to the raised dais before him. The newly-made Minister for Magic, Kingsley Shacklebolt, sat there with a dispassionate expression on his face. Draco matched it the best he could, fighting down the urge to shake with the cold that had now seeped into his bones. He refused to show any weakness or fear. Especially in front of his peers. "Draco Lucius Malfoy." Draco looked up again as Shacklebolt addressed him. "Son of Lucius Malfoy and Narcissa Malfoy, née Black?" "Yes." Draco responded in a clipped tone. "You are brought here today to stand trial for acts committed during the course of the second war against the dark wizard known as Voldemort. Your charges stand thus: The attempted murder of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore on the thirtieth of June nineteen-ninety-seven. The use of the Cruciatus Curse for torture on the Death Eater Thorfinn Rowle during the summer of nineteen-ninety-seven." Kingsley paused and set the parchment down. "An additional charge of kidnapping has also been added for the events that occurred in Wiltshire at Malfoy Manor over the Easter holiday this year. However, testimony has been provided that you were hesitant to identify Harry Potter on that particular evening despite coaxing from other members of the Malfoy family. With this testimony in mind, and the fact that your actions aided in the escape of Harry Potter and his compatriots that evening, it has been decided that this charge be dropped." Draco flicked his eyes over to where Potter sat. His expression remained impassive, and he didn't meet Draco's gaze. He turned back to the Minister, letting out a shaky breath and fought the urge once more to shake with cold. "Do you deny these charges, Mr. Malfoy?" "No." "Do you have anything to say in your defense?" "No." Kingsley stared down at the young wizard. He was taken aback by the abrupt answer. He expected the boy to raise his voice and shout. He was not prepared for the finality in Draco Malfoy's tone. As though he had already resigned himself to his fate. He gave the pure-blood a minute or so to respond, regardless. But the boy remained silent. Kingsley straightened the pile of parchment in front of him and folded his hands atop the documents. This was going to be over sooner than he had anticipated. "Due to the nature of the charges against you, Mr. Malfoy, it would seem an Azkaban sentence to be unavoidable." Draco swallowed. This is what he had feared. He would do anything to avoid Azkaban. His father had already been sentenced to life. And his mother one year of house arrest. What Draco wouldn't give to have her here right now. Just for the support and peace of her presence. But then he imagined the look of horror on her face at the Minister's words. He swallowed again and looked down. There was nothing for it. "However, it has been decided that the Ministry will present you with a choice." Draco looked up. Surely he was hearing wrong. "Additional testimony to your character, and certain reluctances that you displayed toward or while performing Death Eater acts has been provided as well." Shacklebolt continued. Draco glanced once more at Potter. It would not have surprised him in the least if the raven-haired leader of the Golden Trio was the one who had testified to his so-called character. He faced the Minister feeling just a little less scared now. "With this in mind we present you with these two options: A one-year sentence in Azkaban prison without early release; or one year in exile and you must relinquish your wand. Let me add, Mr. Malfoy, that if you choose exile and wish to return to England after one year, you must have the intent of becoming a functioning member of wizarding society. Rehabilitation, if you will." Kingsley paused again. He watched the expressions that crossed the pure-blood's face. Anger, relief, guilt sadness, and finally…defeat. He waited another minute to give the boy time to think. "Have you made a choice, Mr. Malfoy?" Draco lifted his eyes. "I choose exile." "So be it." Kingsley knocked his gavel down, finalizing the wizard's sentence. "You handed your wand over upon arrest on May third. By choosing exile your wand is relinquished until your one year is up. You will be allowed to return home this evening to gather any basic necessities you will need and be escorted to a Portkey. You may choose your destination, Mr. Malfoy. And remember, if you wish to return to England you must become a functioning member of wizarding society. It would be wise to consider your options during your time in exile. This hearing is now concluded." The bindings on Draco's arms disappeared and he was hauled to his feet. Once standing his wrists were bound and he was walked out by the same two Aurors. It should not have been possible, but his heart felt a bit lighter. Only because he was not going to Azkaban. But he was to be leaving his mother behind on her own. She had already suffered one break down when his father was sentenced to life in Azkaban. Draco felt sure she was going to suffer another upon hearing that her only son was going into exile and may or may not return. Draco had not yet decided if he wanted to come back. Right now he was focused on the fact that he was spared the same fate as his father. At least he was getting the chance to see his mother before he had to leave. Draco looked up as he left the courtroom and caught Granger's eyes again. They were filled with the same sadness. He felt his brow furrow, but held her gaze until she disappeared from his peripheral view. He was escorted from the Ministry to Malfoy Manor in Wiltshire and given one hour to pack the things he wanted and say goodbye to his mother. As Draco stuffed clothes into an old bag, he considered what would happen if he told the Ministry he didn't care where they sent him. They would probably just send him wherever and without disclosing the location. But did he really want to leave it to chance? Draco picked up the framed photo he kept on his nightstand and gazed at the smiling face of his mother and his two-year-old self playing outside by the duck pond in the garden. "Twenty minutes." The Auror that was standing watch at his door told him. "Yeah, got it." Draco snapped, stuffing the picture into his bag. He added a couple books and his journal along with a few pots if ink, sealed shut, and some spare quills. "Ready." Draco slung his bag onto his shoulder and grabbed his cloak from the back of his bedroom door. Narcissa waited at the bottom of the stairs, her expression somber as she watched her son descend. He had just turned eighteen a few days ago. Still a child, and yet forced to become an adult before he was even of age last year. "Draco, I could not have asked for more for you. I will be able to rest easier knowing that at least you are not wasting away in that prison." She pulled him into a tight hug and kissed his blonde hair. "Please be safe no matter where you go. And I hope that I will see you again in one year." Draco hugged her back, not caring if the Aurors flanking them judged him for it. He had grown very close to his mother in recent months and it pained him deeply to leave her behind like this. "Do whatever you have to do to come back to me." "I'll try." "Choose someplace with sunshine and adventure. Even if you don't come back I want you to live your life and love what you do with it." Narcissa pulled back and held her son at arm's length. "No regrets. And no worries." "Yes, mother." Draco was determined not to show emotion, but the longer they dragged