Disclaimer: I do not own HP, nor do I make any profit from this story. All belongs to JKR. Cover photo is not mine, no credit is taken. Note: Here is the sequel to WitD that I have been promising. Thank you everyone for the followers, favorites, and reviews on Whispers . You patience is appreciated more than you know. I don't have a guarantee on updates right now since I am in the middle in the three stories and still editing HtDaS. I have not been able to get much done in the last couple of weeks. I blame it on the bronchitis that I still have and just general RL craziness. I thank you all in advance for your continued patience. I know, I'm mad for trying to do three stories at once, but I have a very specific organization system. Wish me luck! There will most likely not be a playlist for this story. Just generic chapter titles. Summary: Severus and Hermione have moved from Cokeworth to a respectable country house in Cheshire where they now make a very comfortable living. Severus is still a Head Potioneer for St. Mungo's, while Hermione has moved on to a new position within the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. Severus plans on asking her to marry him, something he never considered, but now knows that he wants. Everything seems to be falling in to place. Until a letter from Hogwart's Headmistress arrives asking for a favor from the former professor. A very big favor. Chapter 1 Severus watched the morning sun glint off the stone of the ring he held in front of him. The band was nestled within the velvet lined box, currently tipped open in his palm. He had been staring at it like this for months since he purchased it. He had never thought himself the marrying type. But he knew the bond of matrimony would only further strengthen his and Hermione's relationship. They had both been through so much over the years. After leaving Grimmauld Place, they moved into his childhood home on Spinner's End in Cokeworth. They lived there for about two years before it was decided they needed more space. Severus kept the house on Spinner's End, but they moved out and into a modest country house in Cheshire. What really drew him to it was the garden in the backyard. He and Hermione had had to do a lot of work on it, and while he preferred to go about it with his wand, she wanted to do everything the muggle way. "For the experience." She told him. Severus had bent in the end. But when certain circumstances called for it, he used magic. Especially when it came to removing a particularly stubborn tree stump to make way for a peony bush that Hermione wanted planted in that exact spot. Or when it came time to lay out his personal garden of herbs and plants for potion brewing. He wasn't about to spend an entire morning digging in the dirt for that. It had taken a few days but they transformed the backyard into a very picturesque setting of varying medicinal plants, flowers, herbs, vegetables, fruits, and Severus's personal supply garden. His memories of those days were among his favorites. Which he recalled now as he continued to stare at the ring he was holding. Four months he had had it. Four months he pondered over and over how he would ask. When would he know the right time? What if she said no? Severus wasn't as afraid of this scenario as he thought. If she said no, he was sure she would explain her reasons behind it. But he was positive she wouldn't say no. He snapped the box shut and banished it to the cabinet where he kept it hidden just as Hermione called for him from downstairs. "Severus, breakfast is ready." "Be right down." He called back, and grabbed his frock coat off the bed. He did up the buttons as he descended he stairs, the smell of butter and maple syrup reaching his nostrils before he even entered the kitchen. "Pancakes?" "Thought that might get your attention." Hermione smiled at him as she set two plates down at the table along with a bowl of fresh fruit from the garden. "My dear, you merely have to walk into the room to get my attention." Severus told her as he sat down. He watched with satisfaction the blush and smile that bloomed on her face. "Sometimes it doesn't even take that." "Are you trying to butter me up more than these pancakes?" Hermione took her seat, still smiling. "Not for any specific reason." "Such a Slytherin answer. No specific reason." Severus simply smiled at her. ~S~ "Have I ever mentioned how much I hate Summer?" Severus inquired, rather grumpily, as he rolled up his sleeves in preparation for harvesting from his personal garden. Hermione joined him outside a minute later carrying a very large basket. She was dressed for the hot day in shorts and a t-shirt but wore boots for the garden as well as her dragon-hide gloves. She rolled her eyes at Severus when she saw him. All he had done to prepare himself was remove his frock coat and tie his hair back. "Perhaps if you wore something cooler it wouldn't be so bad." "My clothing is not the reason." "Are you sure. You look like you're sweating a bit." Severus rolled his eyes now and pulled on his own gloves. While he may have preferred to use magic to sow all of the seeds, when it came to harvesting he did it by hand considering the delicate nature of some of the plants and the precise parts that needed to be snipped. They worked in silence together for almost an hour. When the sun got higher in the sky Hermione summoned the oversized sheet she had left at the back door and levitated it over them creating a canopy so they were shaded. It was a rare occasion when they both had the same day off. Whenever it happened they made the most of it, doing as much together as was possible. Going on four years since the end of the war Severus was still at St. Mungo's as a Head Potioneer. Hermione had moved on from the Auror Office at his insistence. Not because he believed it unsafe (he did, but he didn't make that part of his reason) or that she was incapable of the position. Hermione had begun expressing her interest in creature rights after an article was published in the Daily Prophet about a land dispute between two groups of centaurs in the Forbidden Forest. Neither group was being shown the proper level of concern or consideration for the issue at hand, which nearly led to an attack on the Ministry officials sent to assess the situation. Hermione had written a response back on how deplorable she felt this lack of respect for centaurs was and how it echoed the treatment of house elves. Putting down those the Ministry considered having "near-human" intelligence, while at the same time expecting them act with the same sense and decorum as all wizards. She went on to mention several ways in which the conflict could have been completely avoided if only there were fairer regulations in place governing centaurs, and how disputes such as these needed to be handled tactfully and with regard to the being or creature in question. She refrained from using the word 'beast' in her letter as part of the point she was making that if centaurs (or elves) were going to be expected to behave as humans, or "near-human", then they should be referred to using more civilized language. Hermione received a letter back not two weeks later offering her a position in the Department for the Control and Regulation of Magical Creatures. After contacting the Ministry to confirm if it was a hoax, which it was not, she accepted the offer. With some encouragement (insistence) from Severus telling her it was time to show the Ministry what she could do. Hermione resigned from the Auror Office after only a year and a half in the field. While it had brought her a sense of closure, tracking down dark wizards wasn't what she was most passionate about. She wanted to help those who had little or no voice. To work hard enough so they could have one. Harry was sad to see her go from his team, but he understood her need to move on. In the past six months since she had switched departments she, Harry, and Ron all still got together to catch up. Harry and Ginny had married last year shortly before she joined the Holyhead Harpies as a Chaser. Severus had joined the three in going to the new Mrs. Potter's first game, much to everyone's shock. He had always enjoyed Quidditch, and was a fair flyer, but he had had no desire to play the sport during his time at Hogwarts. He'd always preferred the level of bodily harm he endured kept to a minimum. "What are you thinking about over there?" Hermione asked, glancing up from the rose bush she was pruning. Severus shook his head, clearing his thoughts. His mind had once again gone to the ring hidden upstairs in his wardrobe. He hadn't taken it out to look at it again for a few weeks. But that didn't keep him from continuing to ponder when and how he would ask. He blinked and turned from the Chinese Chomping Cabbage he was trying to force from the dirt it had burrowed in. As soon as it was free, the cabbage dug itself deeper. Severus rolled his eyes. He would deal with this one later. "Nothing of particular importance. Do I seem distracted?" "Just a bit. More like you have a lot on your mind." Hermione clipped a pink bud and held it up to her nose to inhale the sweet fragrance. "Anything you need to talk about?" Severus shook his head. "No. Everything is fine. I am merely pondering how to extract this rather stubborn cabbage from its hole." Hermione sighed and shook her head. She wasn't going to push him to be forthcoming if he didn't want to be. She clipped a few more roses and added them to her basket of herbs she intended to dry for both cooking and brewing. She passed Severus on her way inside and stopped to kiss the top of his head. "Don't stay out too much longer. The sun is getting high." She advised, her tone soft. Almost motherly. "I won't, love." Severus replied, once again trying to extract the cabbage. "I'll start lunch. What are you in the mood for?" Severus finally managed to liberate the cabbage from the ground and groped for his wand jabbing it into the side of the plant as its jaws snapped threateningly close to his fingers. The cabbage split in half at once, incapacitated. "I think salad will do nicely." He answered with a hint of amusement in his voice. ~S~ "Ready?" Hermione asked, stopping in Harry's office door the following Friday, purse over her shoulder. "Just a minute." Harry told her, scribbling down a few notes for his meeting later in the afternoon. He set his quill down and grabbed his wand stuffing it into his pants pocket. Hermione caught sight of the gold band on his left hand and smiled. Harry and Ginny had only been married since the Fall of last year, but she could tell marriage suited them very well. Harry often described watching Ginny fly out the day of her first game with the Harpies as the second proudest moment in his life, after watching her walk down the aisle toward him. It pleased Hermione greatly to know that her friends were so happy together. She felt the same