This story will be slightly non-canon as Dumbledore, Snape, Lupin, Tonks, and Fred are all alive. And also non-canon because as the title suggests, Draco and Hermione eventually get together. Disclaimer: I do not own HP nor do I make any profit from this story. All characters, places, canon references belong to JKR. (Unless otherwise noted). Chapters will be marked accordingly for sexual content, and as the cover summary states this story contains SELF-HARM Cover photo is not mine, I take no credit. But I do want to say that the whole story is essentially based off this pic. The plot bunny that hopped into existence when I saw it was too good to pass up. Full summary: Following the war the need for stability runs deep among those who survived. The return to Hogwarts for 7th year has not brought about the changes that were hoped for. Ron longs for a normal relationship with Hermione, but fails to see her inability to cope with everything that happened to her. The only person that can relate to her is her fellow Head, Draco Malfoy. However, Draco is suffering through his own identity crisis. The life of a Death Eater was not what he expected. He wants to pick up the pieces of his life, but realizes that he can not do it alone. And the only person willing to help him, the only person that can , is the muggle-born witch he was raised to hate, but will grow to love. I've been looking in the mirror for so long, That I've come to believe my soul's on the other side. All the little pieces falling, shatter. Shards of me, Too sharp to put back together. Too small to matter, But big enough to cut me into so many little pieces. Lyrical credit to Evanescence Chapter 1 Hermione felt a smile pull at the corners of her mouth as she followed Ron, Harry, and Ginny through King's Cross to the hidden entrance for Platform 9 ¾. Harry and Ginny went first, slipping through the wall between Platforms 9 and 10, then she and Ron followed. A wave of emotions washed over her when she looked up at the scarlet steam engine now in front of her. Nostalgia, excitement, sadness, anticipation. She, Harry, Ron and Ginny were returning to Hogwarts to complete their seventh and final year of education. She fully intended on taking her N.E.W.T.s next year, and she knew Harry did as well, so going back to acquire the knowledge that they lost out on in the last year was essential. Hermione followed her three companions on to the train and walked with them towards the back where there were bound to be empty compartments still. Ron gave her a confused look when she didn't immediately stow her trunk on the luggage rack and sit down. "Aren't you joining us?" he asked. "She can't," Ginny interjected as she sat down. "She's Head Girl, remember? She has to go up front." "Oh, right." Ron didn't sound particularly pleased about it, but he finished stowing his trunk and sat down. "You sure you can't stay just for the beginning of the ride?" "I have to meet the Head Boy up front, Ron, and help hand out the assignments for the Prefects. You know this." And she knew he did, having been a Prefect himself. But Ron had turned down the position for this year. He didn't want the responsibility. Or so he had said. Honestly, Hermione thought he was sore over having not been named Head Boy (and the fact that the Head Boy and Girl got to share a private dormitory). "Just thought you might want to spend to some time with your boyfriend is all." Ron muttered as he grabbed the Quidditch magazine he had left out of his trunk and stuck his nose in it. Hermione gave him a disbelieving look, but turned in the compartment doorway to leave. She had barely pulled her trunk through into the narrow hall when she felt Ron's hand close around her wrist. She turned back to him to see an apologetic look in his eyes as he stood up. He followed her out into the hall and shut the compartment door. "I'm sorry, 'Mione. I didn't mean that. I know you have to go up front and do stuff. But … maybe later you can come back here and spend some time with us?" He held her hand and ran his thumb over the back of it. Hermione felt her heart soften a little and offered Ron a smile. He returned it, then leaned in and kissed her firmly but sweetly, wrapping one arm around her waist to squeeze her. Hermione did not know how she felt about the amount of pressure he was applying or that his hand slipped to her backside. She pulled away, breaking the kiss and shoved his hand away. "Ron, I told you I don't like that." "What's wrong with it? I'm just touching you." "It's the way you're touching me." "Come on, Hermione, don't be such a prude." "I'll see you later, Ronald." She grabbed the handle of her trunk and turned, walking away with it dragging it behind her. Ron watched her go and waved her off with an amused smile. She would come around eventually. When he reentered the cabin, both Harry and Ginny were giving him disapproving looks. "What?" he asked with a shrug as he sat down and pulled his magazine back into his lap. "That was unnecessary," his sister told him. "What was?" Ron asked again with a shrug. "Grabbing Hermione like that. I know if Harry if ever did that to me in front of someone else, I would hex his bollocks off." Ron watched Harry throw a fearful look at his girlfriend. "You wouldn't seriously, would you? I need them, you know." "If you ever grabbed my ass like that in public, yes I would, Harry Potter. Don't doubt me. I don't mind a little groping behind closed doors, but not in view of other people. It's demeaning." "Right. I'll bear that in mind." Ginny leaned over and kissed his cheek. "I'm going to find Luna. I'll be back later." Ron watched his sister go from behind his magazine. As soon as the compartment door was shut, he put it down. "You don't think what I did was wrong do you?" "Not in terms of being in a relationship with her, no. But doing it in front of me and Ginny, yes." "Come on, Harry, how many times this summer did you and Ginny snog in view of everyone?" "Plenty, but never indecently. There's a difference between displaying affection and being crude. What you did to Hermione was crude. And offensive." Harry leaned back in his seat, staring out the window. "I'm not trying to pick on you, Ron, but you have been pressuring her a lot lately for things that she's not ready for. You're her first real boyfriend. The only experience you had before Hermione was with Lavender Brown, and even you said that was purely chemical. A lot happened between you two very quickly, and you can't approach your relationship with Hermione the same way. She's not that kind of girl. She doesn't want to spend hours snogging your lips off." "What does she want? Because it seems like every time I ask her to do something with me she's not ready, or doesn't want to at that moment. She had an excuse for everything this summer." Harry sighed to himself. He wished he could make Ron understand that just because the war was over and Voldemort was gone did not mean the world was going to go back to the way it was overnight, and they could all continue as though their lives were perfectly normal again. It wasn't that simple. They had all been affected by everything that happened in the past year. It was not something you could just forget about and go on with your life as though nothing had ever occurred. Hermione had been tortured and cursed. As far as Harry could tell, she was recovered physically. The cut on her arm had healed, but the scar would never fade. She had worn nothing but long sleeves since that night at Malfoy Manor. Mentally, however, he could not know if she would ever be the same again. There was a light missing from her eyes these days. She didn't talk as much, nor did she like being in groups of people, preferring to spend most of her time alone. "You need to give her a break, Ron. We all went through a lot. Hermione more so. She took it upon herself to keep us alive while we were on the run. I don't know about you, but I didn't tell her how grateful I was as much as I should have. Not that she was looking for thanks, but it may have made a difference somehow." "S'pose you're right." Ron muttered. Harry didn't know if he was agreeing with the fact that he had acted like a Neanderthal to Hermione, or that he could have done more in the past year to show his thankfulness for her. Ron returned to his magazine, assuming the conversation was now over. He didn't know if he agreed with Harry, but he would at least put some thought into what his friend said. There were things he wanted with Hermione. To do with her. He had tried at least half a dozen times to broach the subject with her, and she shut him down every time. It seemed to him like she wasn't interested. Or she wasn't interested in him. Maybe he did need to rethink his approach. Hermione wasn't the same as other girls. Harry was right. He couldn't treat her the same as he had Lavender. But if he could just get Hermione to see how good it was, how good it would make her feel, perhaps she would come around. Ron decided to give her a break for now, but he began to devise a plan to show her just how much fun they could have together. He knew he would have to get her alone since she seemed to be more anxious in front of other people. He would go slow, but in the end, he knew Hermione would feel the same way he did. ~~S~~ A prude? Was Ron serious? Hermione replayed the scene in her head as she marched down the train to the Prefects' compartment. The Head Boy and Girl had their own small compartment at the end. Once inside, she stowed her trunk, pulled on her Gryffindor robes, and attached her Head Girl badge over the Gryffindor crest. She then sat on one of the padded benches, pulled a book from her beaded bag and began to read. When the compartment door opened, she did not bother to look up right away, being in the middle of a paragraph. "I guess I shouldn't be surprised. I knew it would be you, Granger." Stated an all too familiar drawling voice, edged with sarcasm and amusement. Hermione felt her eyes widen in shock and looked up to see Draco Malfoy standing in the doorway, arms crossed over his chest. He was already changed into his robes as well, his Head Boy badge pinned above the Slytherin Crest. Draco looked completely at ease, the exact opposite of what he had been the last two years. She noticed that his face had filled back out, and he had gained back the weight he lost when under the stress of being a Death Eater. His cheekbones were still prominent, but he had lost that severely angular look of someone who had lost a lot of weight in a short amount of time. What the hell is he thinking returning to Hogwarts? And how has he been appointed Head Boy after everything