Disclaimer: This applies to all chapters. I do not own HP, nor do I make any profit from this story. All characters and Wizarding World references belong to JKR. One original character of my own is present, and will be noted in her debut chapter (minor significant role in story). All sensitive subjects will be addressed at the front of each chapter for those who wish to skip them. WARNING: Story includes loss, some mild violence, mild swearing, and sexual content. I lie here paralytic Inside this soul Screaming for you till My throat is numb I wanna break out Lyrical credit to Skillet Chapter 1 Hermione checked her watch, it was almost dawn. She had been keeping vigil all night, watching, waiting. The man in the bed in front of her had been inches from death only hours ago. She watched as the potion, magically suspended on a small table at his head, drifted in a thin line to the wounds on his neck pulling the venom from his blood. Bright green went in and muddy yellow came out bit by bit. It floated away to a small bowl beside the potion and deposited itself. The level had risen slightly since the potion was first administered, but right now there was no knowing how long it would take for all of the venom to be removed. In the morning, she had been told, they would know more. Hermione sat down in the chair beside the bed, cradling her head in hands. She wished there was more she could do. But right now the magic had to do its work. It was a slow process, and while she was accustomed to being patient, waiting like this was torture. She had been asked to leave the battle to watch over a man they had long considered their enemy, only to find out that he had been on their side all along. After Voldemort had left Snape for dead, she, Harry, and Ron had rushed inside the boathouse. Hermione remembered watching, astonished, as Harry went to the man's aid, trying to stop the flow of blood from the numerous puncture wounds on his neck as he lay dying on the floor. At the time she had thought even after everything Snape had done he didn't deserve to die like this. She watched as he began to cry. His tears were an odd but familiar blueish color, and she realized that they were memories, and he was asking Harry to take them. Her hand had shaken violently as she groped blindly for a flask inside her bag and was surprised she didn't drop it as she handed it to Harry. He collected the tears and handed the flask back to her. Harry had then returned his attention back to Snape and again tried to staunch the flow of blood, but she could tell by the pallor that had come over the Death Eater's face, it was too late. He gazed at Harry, his mouth forming words she couldn't hear, and then his eyes closed. For a moment they all believed him to be dead. But Harry, who had not yet removed his hand from the man's neck, looked up. "He's still alive." He had said in a rush, and had turned back to her, asking for the Dittany in her bag. But she had shaken her head, it was all gone. The only thing they could do was take him to St. Mungo's. He needed the skills of the Healers there. Harry had asked Hermione and Ron to take him, he needed to get to the Penseive. Ron had refused at first only giving in after precious moments of shouting had been exchanged between him and Harry. Hermione had gotten down on the floor and taken over keeping pressure on Snape's wounds. She had removed his black cravat and pressed it firmly against the slice Voldemort had cut across the front of his throat in an attempt to stop the majority loss of blood. She had turned and yelled at Ron herself that they didn't have time for petty arguing and that he had to make a choice. In the end Ron had helped Hermione magically suspended Snape's unconscious body between them and they apparated off the castle grounds. Hermione still didn't know how they managed to make it to London and inside St. Mungo's without causing Snape further harm. But once they were inside, the Healers on duty conjured a stretcher and rushed Snape into the first-floor ward for creature related injuries. Ron had disapparated the moment they were out of sight. And at first Hermione was about to leave as well. The Healers were obligated to aid any person, muggle or magical, that came into the hospital. She knew they would do all that they could. But something inside her told her to remain and help. They healed the slice across his throat first staunching the loss of blood from the wound. Nagini's punctures were less cooperative to magical medicine. They refused to close and what was worse, the antidote the Healers were attempting to administer was not counteracting the toxin fast enough. There was too much of it in his blood for the antidote to have any real effect yet. If something else was not done Snape would not have survived the night. Hermione had returned to Hogwarts at that point to find Harry and Ron waiting for her inside the hall off the back courtyard. They stood at the base of the stone stairs leading up into the levels of the castle. Harry looked anxious, Ron looked irritated. "Did he make it?" Harry had asked in a rush and Hermione had explained that Snape was still alive, but he wouldn't be for much longer if enough of the venom in his system couldn't be removed in order for the antidote to work. The Healers were attempting to use the same method of treatment that had been given to Ron's father following his attack by Nagini. But the volume of toxin in Snape's body was so high that the majority of it would need to be physically removed before antidotes would have any affect. She asked if Harry still had the basilisk fang and he had handed it over to her. He had made Hermione promise to return to the hospital and help in any way that she could. She was the only one among the three of them that would know what to do. He then explained why he was asking this of her and what he had seen in the Penseive. Snape had been fighting on their side all these years out of love for Lily. "We have to try." Harry had said to her. "He doesn't deserve to die tonight." Ron, who had been silent the whole time, finally stepped up. "And why does it have to be us that saves him? What has he done that deserves our charity?" "He risked his life for years for all of us." Harry had snapped back, rounding on his friend. "He deserves a chance." He had then turned back to Hermione making her promise to do her best. And she had agreed. She would stay all night and come back in the morning when she knew more. But Harry had shaken his head at her and told her to just go. He had to face Voldemort. And it was likely he would not come out of it alive. Hermione knew that had been coming all along and she had hugged her friend fiercely thinking it was the last time she would see him. She stepped back from the two young men in front of her. She had looked at Ron, who only a few hours ago had held her in the Chamber of Secrets and finally showed her how he truly felt about her. The kiss had been an explosion of emotions following the destruction of a Horcrux. She had been so grateful not to have been killed that she would have kissed Neville Longbottom had it been him beside her. But she had had to push those thoughts aside. She disapparated, basilisk fang in hand. Upon returning to St. Mungo's she explained her theory, how it may take the more potent venom from the basilisk to counteract the venom already in Snape's body. The Healers took the fang from her and set to work. While she had been gone Snape had been moved to a private room in the Dai Llewellyn ward. He lay in the bed, disrobed, but a sheet covered him up to his collarbone. His neck was cleaned up as best could be at the time. Bandages covered the puncture wounds, stained red with blood and yellowish-green with the venom leeching from his body. It was a grisly scene, but Hermione had sat down in the chair next to his bed and waited. She didn't know how much time had passed when she heard the door open and the head Potioneer for the first-floor ward came in carrying a small cauldron filled with a bright green brew that smoked wildly. She had asked Hermione for help in setting up the potion at Snape's head, removing some of the bandages so the potion had an entry point and the venom an exit. The effect was obvious after only a few minutes. The deathly gray pallor began to leave Snape's face as the toxin was extruded from his body. "That was an impressive theory." The Head Potioneer had told her with a small smile. "Will you stay and watch? The potion has to work its way through his body overnight, and hopefully in the morning we will know what more has to be done." Hermione had glanced down at Snape, his supine form so still you would have thought he had already died. He had given up so much for so many years. He had risked his life over and over again without ever asking for anything in return. She spoke without even thinking about it. "I'm not leaving." ~S~ The last thing Severus could remember was pain. It consumed his entire body, numbing him as it burned through him. It was like a fire had been lit under his skin and it scorched his nerves as it coursed through his blood cancelling out all feeling. Faces swam in and out of focus as he tried to draw breath. It felt odd. Air wasn't coming in just through his mouth, he could feel tiny wisps of it float through the punctures in his neck. Potter was there, trying to stop the flow of blood from his wounds. There were things he needed to say, important things. Secret things. But words failed him, he couldn't hold the air in his lungs long enough. There was only one way. With the last of his strength he concentrated on the most important details, condensed 38 years of his life into as coherent a pattern that he could. He had no wand with which to draw the memories from his mind. Instead he let them escape as tears. He barely managed to choke out to Potter to take them, he needed to see. There were things he needed to know. Things he had never been told, and now was the time. His vision blurred as the blackness started to close around him. But then he saw her eyes, Lily's eyes, above him. Potter had his mother's eyes. And he was grateful for the chance to see them one last time. ~S~ He was floating, drifting. Lost in a sea of black nothingness. But the pain was leaving him now. He could tell that much. There was feeling again in his fingers and toes. He tried to move them, felt his body respond, but it was delayed. He could hear movement beside him, soft footsteps and the quiet breaths of a female. There was a fresh, clean scent of lemon in the