AN: Hello dear readers, and welcome to Shadow In The Dark. A new story which I hope I will be able to complete. Things look positive so far. Before you get into this I would like to thank two people, first Kurinoone, whose Dark Prince Trilogy server as inspiration for this story. And second, to my beta and dear friend SmartRose15, who beta'd most of this chapter, when she returns from the trip she is currently on, and can read through the whole chapter, I'll replace this chapter with the beta'd version, so watch out for that. Now, happy reading. PROLOGUE PT. I If there was one thing Tom Riddle knew, it was his superiority. Despite being of no wealth or status, he had intelligence. Intelligence far greater than possessed by those around him. His fellow orphans at Wool's couldn't tell their head from their ass, the adults were even worse, and then came the magicals. When Tom discovered he was a wizard, he was only slightly surprised, he had always been able to do strange things, but he had never imagined that there would be a whole secret society of beings possessing magic. But he quickly adapted, and he found that wizards and witches were just as slow as muggles (Tom found the term muggle quite acceptable for those without magic, it showed just how little they were worth). While it was unpleasant being considered a mudblood (another term he found acceptable), he knew that he was not, and it was only a matter of time before he proved it. Throughout his first five years at Hogwarts, he took as much money as he could from pickpocketing, both muggles and magicals. By the end of his fifth year, he had acquired quite the sum of money, and was able to get an inheritance test at Gringotts. He greatly enjoyed his discovery of his Slytherin ancestry, he always suspected (as only those descended from Slytherin could speak Parseltongue), but having it confirmed made the victory only sweeter. At that time he took his place as Lord of the House of Slytherin, and found that the Slytherin vault contained quite the sum of money, making him one of the richest magicals in the Wizarding World. Through that inheritance test, Tom discovered the name of his living family members, his father, paternal grandparents, and his maternal uncle all lived. He quickly changed the status of the first three, and framed the fourth. He also fashioned a more… appropriate name for himself, Lord Voldemort. Putting the words I am in front of the new name, turned it into an anagram of his given name. You could say that the two names represented who he was, and who he is. With his newly acquired wealth, status, and name, he returned to Hogwarts, for his sixth year. A year in which he began recruiting, slowly, but surely, the Death Eaters rose, ready to take back their world from the mudbloods who wished its traditions abolished. -BREAK- With his Hogwarts years over, his position at Borgin and Burkes terminated, and his application to teach at his Alma Mater rejected, Voldemort decided to travel. He and his most loyal follower, Abraxas Malfoy, from 1950, to 1953 he and Abraxas traveled the world, visiting ancient Magical civilizations and learning much. However early in the year 1953, Abraxas learned of his father's passing, and returned to England to take the position of Lord Malfoy, he married, and quickly had a child, Lucius Abraxas Malfoy. Voldemort continued his travels until 1965, having been joined by another follower of his, Antonin Dolohov. -BREAK- On Halloween, 1965, Voldemort returned to England, and using symbols he had given his followers, he called them to his deceased father's mansion. Over a hundred pure and half-blooded wizards met him, donned in black robes, and white masks. Included in those hundred people, were his most loyal, Abraxas Malfoy, Antonin Dolohov, James Avery, Radolph Lestrange, Theodore Nott, Alexander Rosier, and Harrison Mulciber. Voldemort stood tall, his handsome features hidden behind a large hood on his black robes, his followers knelt before him as he spoke: "Welcome my friends! Welcome Death Eaters! On this glorious Samhain, we gather to take the first step on a long path that rests before us! Today, we gather to take back our world from the filth that wishes to destroy our traditions, pollute our society, and then make us out as the evil ones. Today, we shall attack Diagon Alley! We will show them that not everyone is so content to sit back, and watch our culture be destroyed by those worthless mudbloods. Join me, as I take the first step towards freedom of the Wizarding World!" The Death Eaters stood as one, and adopted relaxed stances, arms held tightly behind their straightened backs. Voldemort smirked inwardly, wizards were so easy to control. Of course, he did intend to rid the country of as many mudbloods as possible, but he would show mercy to those willing to accept wizarding tradition. This idea of purity was a mean to an end, what he truly wanted was power, and by using the screen of blood purity, he could have hundreds of wizards and witches rally to his cause. Kill some mudbloods, flex some magical muscle, and eventually the wizarding world would be under his command. "There are one-hundred and five of you, Malfoy, Dolohov, Avery, Lestrange, Nott, Rosier, and Mulciber shall come with me, leaving ninety-eight. The rest of you shall split into fourteen seven man squads. You all know your targets, and you all know when to attack. Let us leave." With that, one-hundred and six wizards disapparated intent on the destruction of Diagon Alley. -BREAK- Diagon Alley was a bright and lively street, shops lined both sides of the half mile stretch. From the very beginning, marked by The Leaky Cauldron, to the very end marked by Gringotts and the break into the financial, residential, and Knockturn alleys. While not nearly as populated as during the weeks leading up to the first days of classes at Hogwarts, the Alley still held hundreds of products wizards and witches needed on a daily basis and as such one could always find a few hundred or even a thousand witches and wizards roaming the Alley. As the people of the Wizarding World wandered around Diagon Alley, they worried about nothing, feeling safe with the patrolling aurors. Roughly fifty of the magical police roamed the street. The alley was alive with the hustle and bustle of the wizarding world, children, who weren't quite old enough for Hogwarts, ran around quidditch stores, prank and sweets shops, and Fortescue's, their parents made their way in and out of robes shops, apothecaries, and butchers stores. There was little noise besides the pleasant laughter of children and the moderately volumed meetings of old friends, shoppers, and the like. That is, until the sharp cracks of one-hundred wizards apparating directly into the alley echoed around like a sonic boom. Within moments, light exploded across the alley, as the black robed, white masked figures began shouting the darkest of curses, causing mass hysteria. The aurors on guard however, many still being in service from the time of Grindelwald, responded quickly, throwing high powered shields between the Death Eaters and the civilians. They cast their own curses, and backed the robed wizards into a corner, putting them on the defensive. Within moments, many of the dark forces were cut down, and the cold voice of Voldemort shouted out " MORSMORDRE! RETREAT! COME MY DEATH EATERS, YOUR LORD VOLDEMORT COMMANDS YOU TO RETREAT!" At once, the black robed wizards disapparated, and in an instant, the alley was quiet, except for the heavy breathing of the aurors, as they began to help the civilians, and arrest surviving Death Eaters. In all, nine magicals were killed, including one goblin and one house elf, and seven were injured. Forty-two of the so called "Death Eaters" were dead, and an additional eleven were too wounded to have apparated away. Magical Britain laughed at the wannabe dark legion. In a world where most living people remembered the time of Grindelwald, an attack in which less than ten were killed, and nearly half the attacking force died with them, allowed no one to fear the new dark order. The secret nation looked at Albus Dumbledore (Supreme Mugwump of the Wizengamot, British Delegate to the International Confederation of Wizards, and Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry) to end this group of Dark Wizards. After all, he had defeated Grindelwald, surely he could destroy a weaker dark lord? -BREAK- Voldemort sat quietly on his throne, inwardly raging at his failed attack. He awaited Abraxas, who would give him report to him the response of the ministry. Roughly six hours after the attack, and five after Abraxas and the other members of Voldemort's inner circle had been called to the Wizengamot, the man returned, and knelt before him. "Abraxas, my friend, how many did we lose in the attack?" Abraxas shuffled slightly, not looking forward to informing his master of the numbers. While the man was most definitely sane, and would never injure his followers for no reason, he was difficult to deal with when angered. "My lord, forty-two men are dead, and an additional eleven were captured. All of the captured are in cells in Azkaban, awaiting the Kiss." Voldemort took a deep breath, and asked his next question. "How many did we kill?" "Aurors, or civilians my lord?" "Both." "Seven civilians were killed, another seven wounded. In addition one goblin and one house elf were killed in the crossfire. No aurors were killed." Voldemort sighed and dropped his head to his hands. "Abraxas, call the other six in." "Of course my lord." Soon, the full inner circle of Death Eaters stood before Voldemort, and he spoke to them as a group. "My friends, we have been severely weakened. Nearly half our forces have been decimated. Mulciber, Lestrange, and Dolohov, begin preparations for the ritual, find me one-hundred virgins, who will turn seventeen on Samhain night, four years from now. Malfoy, Nott, Avery, and Rosier, get others to join. I want everyone, get Black, Crabbe, Goyle, Gibbon, Rowle, Macnair, Yaxley, Wilkes, Travers, Sewlyn, Jugson, Rookwood, Carrow, get all of them. For too long they have said maybe, it is time for them to join or die. Get others too. Smaller families, half-bloods will work. We need more men. We will attack again in five years, exactly one year after the ritual is performed. Go, now." -BREAK- Albus Dumbledore was, for all intents and purposes, your typical wizard. The only thing that truly seperated him from others, were his above average intelligence and magical stores. While he did have great power and status in the wizarding world, there were hundreds of old wizarding families, and many had as much, or even more power than he. His title of Headmaster, did not bring any actual political power, sure many trusted him more, as he was responsible for the safety and education of nearly a thousand young witches and wizards, but it did not give him a vote on the wizengamot. His title of British Delegate to the ICW gave him little standing, as that title came with his title of Supreme Mugwump, which only gave him one additional vote. The title of Supreme Mugwump, besides giving him one extra vote, did little, he was more or less a judge in a jury court, all he did was keep order. That one vote did give him four total, but considering that most wizengamot lords had 5, he was still not all too powerful. His political power came from his actions, he had killed (at least the wizarding world thought he did) his old friend, and lover (this also was unknown to the wizarding world), Gellert Grindelwald. For saving them from the Dark Lord, the wizarding world began to look at him as the