Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. All rights belong to J. K. Rowling. A/N: First of all, welcome. I left the genre blank because this is more character-driven than anything else, with a bit of self-discovery subtext. So here are some tags instead. There will be magical theory, political undertones, soul-searching, wanderlust. Heavy prose, too...and present tense. I think that covers most of it. If you're still interested, I hope you'll enjoy the story. Onward! :)) "Watch what you're doing, freak!" The woman's voice is shrill, echoes jarringly inside the pristine kitchen, angry, always angry. Harry flinches and hides his bleeding hand behind his back, fingers curled tight and flesh throbbing. The knife lies flat on the cutting board, metal wet with fresh blood and celery residue. "I'm sorry, aunt Petunia." It is pure reflex that moves his mouth, forms the words that never quite manage to placate her. His aunt doesn't care to hear excuses or reasons, at least not from him. Dudley, on the other hand, can get away with anything if he scrunches up his face and whines long and loud enough. A sniff and an upturn of her nose is all Harry merits, and shrieked orders. "Wipe off that mess. I don't want your dirty blood all over my clean kitchen. God forbid it gets into the food… My poor Dudley could get poisoned or—or worse!" She clutches the coral silk of her blouse with one hand above her heart, as if the thought of such mishap is more foul than the blackest murder. Her eyes fall down on him, narrow with ill-concealed distaste, pupils blown wide. "But take care of that cut first. Who knows what's in your freakish blood… Abnormal, the whole lot of you." Harry ducks his head and clenches his fist. Blood spills on the white-gleaming tiles, and her nostrils flare. "Yes, aunt Petunia." He says nothing more and does as he is told—but he is smiling through the pain. His hand hurts. His head hurts. His mouth hurts. He keeps smiling. Passive-aggression is his dead mother's milk. It begins with blood, the way all things begin. Blood, pain, something wounded and trapped and screaming for never-given mercy. Deep inside. Close to the surface. A scar upon a soul that can neither close nor open. The Curse and the Vessel. Wrong , unnatural, damned to live between agony and oblivion—and still, wanting to live . "Get in there, boy! And don't you make any noise or it will be the belt for you." His uncle's grip on his arm is brutal as he drags him into the cupboard that has been his for as long as Harry can remember. Bones rattle under blotched skin, grinding, nerves blazing excruciatingly. Sensation overpowers sense, and he snarls against the man's violence, but the door is slamming shut and Vernon's monologue mutes out the guttural cry. "Why we took you in, I'll never know. Eating our food and spitting on our kindness. Not worth the trouble. If it weren't for those freaks of yours… Blackmailing good people and dumping their orphans on our doorsteps. Never paid us either, did they?" Harry gathers his savaged arm close to his chest and melts into old dust and darkness. Then why did you? And who are they? Why am I here if you don't want me? Wracked with pain, he thinks long and hard, twists and twirls his uncle's words inside his mind until he finds meaning beyond bare loathing. Someone else is out there, someone else like him—that is the last thing he gleans before numbness overcomes him and swallows the pain. Tom Marvolo Riddle becomes aware of his existence far too late to exist as himself. And more than that, he realizes—he is less of what he was and more of what he could be. A broken shard of soul, made of hate and madness and juvenile mistakes. He doesn't understand what has become of him—what he has done to himself—until he grasps how little of him remains. Believing it is… wrong , that he has been wrong, is another impossibility he struggles to accept. But he does, oh, he does . Clarity is slow to come within the long sleep. There is pain, nothing but pain, too much and not all his. He latches onto the pain-not-his with the jagged edges of his soul and pulls, rips, mutilates. A soul bleeds through, whole and pure and desolate. Not his, never his, but…he remembers. He remembers this —feeling like this, so very long ago, full of helpless fear that culminates in mindless rage. Unkindness in gaunt faces, childish cruelty, petty, empty words. I don't belong here. Perhaps it is visceral abhorrence for weakness. Or perhaps that he cares not for remembering. You don't belong here, he tells the other-soul, the child-soul not his. Then the memories surge. Light filters through the large window his aunt favors when she takes her morning tea, gaze focused outward, eagle-keen and twice as predatory. A creature of habit and slow-festering malice. Harry is too young to fathom that scandals are sweeter than the scones she nibbles, brown sugar for self-inflicted misery, but not too young to be unwary of her gaze. "I'm enrolling you in primary school with our Dudley." An announcement, matter-of-fact. Seeds of newborn hope sprout inside him, bright green and peeking through the choppy mess of strands that covers his eyelids. School . New people. Friends even. Freedom . School is the promise of friends, wonderful, precious promise. Cold blue pierces through his budding elation. "You will behave yourself. I don't want teachers calling to tell me you've caused trouble. Do you understand?" No, not really. Harry doesn't have enough fingers to count the many implications of trouble in this house. Despite his waning hope, his broken trust in expectations, he dares believe once more. Maybe, this time, with two of his tormentors absent, things will be different. "Yes, aunt Petunia." Silence suffuses the space between them after his hoarse whisper. Tense, suffocating. Resigned, head hung low, Harry stands still and waits for the inevitable vitriol of her tongue. Her lips stretch thin, flesh drawn tight and bloodless, peeling back to show rows of overlarge teeth. "Harry James Potter." Syllables hissed, venom-drenched. His aunt stares at him as if dreading some kind of revelation. Confusion furrows his brows—he knows his name is Harry, and Potter rings half-hollow, half-forgotten, but James is unfamiliar to his ears. Oh . Uncle Vernon has mentioned the Potters a few times before, a slurred litany of insults when heavy with drink after dinner. Potter must have been his father's family name then. Petunia nods curtly the moment realization enters his eyes. "That's your full name and what the teachers will call when taking roll to see if students are in attendance. Remember it, boy." His chin dips while he savors the fullness of his name, another distinction, another proof his ties to this family are as tenuous as their tolerance. Another hiss is flung into the lemon-scented air, sourness distilled into sound. Harry's head snaps up and he sees bones outlined on skin that has become too brittle, too wan to veil the skull beneath. "James was your father's name, you know. Absolutely horrid man…he and his freakish friends, strutting around like gormless baboons, thought they were better than the rest of us normal, hardworking people." Petunia's breath comes out fast and frantic, chest heaving, saliva dripping. Spite personified. "Lily was bad enough before, but he—he ruined her." Something vengeful snakes into her voice, rancor old and unforsaken, trembling on the edge of hysteria. "And look where that got her. Dead and buried who knows where and you —" She inhales sharply, shattered and cut on all the pieces. Wretched. " Just like her ." Shaken, shaking, she turns her back on him. "Get out of my sight." Harry runs out of the kitchen, fleet on his feet and quiet, mind awhirl with questions. Friends — friends of his parents, just like them. He may not have friends, but Dudley has. His cousin has playdates and children to laugh with. Many of those children's mothers are his aunt's friends, too. Shouldn't his parents' friends want to visit him? Why have they not come if they are just like him? Harry James Potter is a name he knows well, if only that. Fate-touched, beloved child. Pitiful, Tom learns, suits him better. What does it say for the magical world that this boy, his prophesied vanquisher, has been abandoned to the vicious care of muggles? What does it mean? Nothing is changed. He is no more…and nothing has changed . They love their saviors and they hate their villains and they are terrified of power. Of the primal magics, wild and instinct-glutted, the kind that break souls and minds and lives, their prices too steep to pay. Terrible, great things, they are. Better they drown their infants lest they become something that cannot be controlled. After all, they drown their magic-less ones. What is one more? Contempt seethes hot and deep inside the cracks of his maimed soul—because he has paid the price. Lily Potter has paid the price. Her son is now paying the price. And the magic is worth all that and more. But them? The ignorant, the shallow, the cowards, the imbeciles? Fuck them, he tells Harry James Potter, the magic-blessed, the magic-cursed like him. Harry steps into the shower and steels himself for the frigid onrush. Water flows clear and free and washes away everything—the mud, the blood, the warmth, the fatigue. Shivers erupt as the chill slides down the curve of his spine, soaking through muscle and sinew, limbs growing sluggish, alarmingly numb. He lathers his body with stiff, careful motions, teeth chattering, fingers contorted around the bar of cheap soap bought for his use. A sudden rap on the bathroom door startles him and the soap slips through his fingers. "Hurry up, boy. Vernon will be home soon and you need to set the table." Picking up the soap takes far too long, his waist and knees too rigid to bend easily. The door bursts open and his aunt strides inside with an ugly sneer mere seconds after he turns off the water. Their eyes meet— Something thickens the density of the air, crawls along the pathway of his vertebrae, simmers in a mass low in his abdomen. It feels… sentient . Heavy. Power transmuted into nerve-sensation, condensed into fiery essence. Heat wraps around his senses, sizzles down his nerve endings. He shudders, curls his tongue inside his mouth, tingling with the aftertaste of its fury. "You—what are you— what did you do ?" Steam saturates every tile and surface when Harry regains sight. He gasps, peers at her through damp lashes, bewildered. "Aunt Petunia?" A whimper answers his call. Petunia is kneeling on the floor, rocking back and forth, the white of her sclera streaked with carmine, patches of skin boiling on her face and arms and legs. "Stay…stay away from me…freak." She sounds… afraid . Her gaze flits to his then jerks away violently. Devil… she murmurs and crosses herself. "Into your cupboard. Now!" Harry reaches for the towel near the mirror, body seized with shock and gooseflesh—and he sees . Blood-fire reflected in the misted glass. He blinks, and it is vanished. That night, he dreams of hair and eyes the color of perdition. Lily Potter lives inside her son's blood—magic given sentience and memory. She burns . She loves. She hates. No subtlety, no inhibition, that war-fire red. Tom can't even begin to understand what her sacrifice has invoked, and he isn't sure he wants to know. Life-force devoured, from mother to child, bound to blood and skin, writhing and coiling around the boy's magic. Molten wrath in swollen veins. The taste of her … He laughs and laughs and laughs. It is fortuitous that she is shackled inside her son—or she will set the