DISCLAIMER: If we were to write down everything we have to disclaim in here, this whole first chapter would be one long disclaimer. So let's just say that if you recognize it, we don't own it. AUTHOR'S NOTES: Welcome to The Lord of the Ringtones, coauthored by Arcticwolfe and Christina TM (fanfiction . net /u/110877/). It was a rather extensive project we took upon ourselves several years ago, and we hope that you enjoy it as much as we have. The story is a mix of the Lord of the Rings movies and the books. Other books and movies also play a role in this train wreck—oops, sorry, story—you're about to read. There have been whispers of rumors of a notebook containing the first two chapters of a sequel. It might appear here eventually, though we offer no promises. As the authors no longer live in the same state most of the time, odds of its completion are low. We would also like to add that, as we have 15 chapters that employ the same kind of humor, you will undoubtedly get bored of it after a while. I know I would. Don't feel obligated to read all of it at once; just read a few chapters and come back later. Do feel obligated to read chapters 1, 9, and 10, as those are my favorites. Edit 9/19/09: Updated Author's Notes, removed a few extraneous line breaks, added a few horizontal rules. RATED: PG, mostly just so we don't get in trouble with parents. SPECIAL THANKS: We want to thank EruDaughter and our friend Courtney, both of whom have helped and encouraged us in this monumental task. THE LORD OF THE RINGTONES Three Ringtones for the Elven-Kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-Lords in their halls of stone Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne In the land of Mordor where the shadows lie One Ringtone to rule them all One Ringtone to find them One Ringtone to bring them all and in the darkness In the land of Mordor where the Shadows lie THE LORD OF THE RINGTONES: THE E-COMMUNITY OF THE RINGTONE – CHAPTER ONE – A LONG-EXPECTED CHATROOM When Bilbo Baggins announced that he would shortly be celebrating his eleventy-first birthday with a party of special magnificence, there was much explanation of the fact that he was indeed not turning 7, but in fact had lived eleventy-one years (as many in the Shire were nerds who understood binary better than normal numbers). Nonetheless, every computer in Hobbiton had at least 10 IM windows open at a whack, and phone bills were up by 12. Much of the conversation between the hobbits regarded his incredible age. Bilbo had aged to 111 years, and looked not a day over fifty. As far as everyone in Hobbiton knew, he had never undergone plastic surgery or had a BoTox injection. "What's his secret?" All the ladies wanted to know. They would speculate endlessly, but the truth of Bilbo's seemingly indefinite youth was something they would never guess. His long life and remarkably youthful appearance was entirely attributed to a single item in Bilbo's plethora of techie things. The item in question was the One Ringtone of Power. This Ringtone slowed Bilbo's aging and gave him an extra-long life. It also made him completely immune to annoying sounds. This immunity earned Bilbo full-time work at the Squalling Little Brats daycare center. Bilbo lived at Bag End, along with his nephew Frodo. Frodo had been living with Bilbo since Frodo's parents died on a Duckboat Tour on Lake Evendim. During the tour, the guide (who had always been considered a few cartridges short of an inkjet printer) let tourists try driving the boat. Frodo's mother, Primula, jumped at the chance. Unfortunately, her driving skills were somewhat less than stellar, and she drove the boat into the pillar that held up the Brandywine Bridge (which, contrary to what its name implied, was not on the Brandywine River), killing all 18 people on the boat. After his parents' rather untimely passing, Frodo came to live with Bilbo at Bag End. As Bilbo's birthday approached, email forwards (rumored to have been started by one Samwise Gamgee) telling of fireworks at the party were rampant. Questions about its validity were raised, especially pertaining to the last line, which read "Send this to 10 people by the end of the day or something very bad will happen to you. Lily Proudfoot thought this was just a prank and decided to delete it. She fell off a ladder later on and broke 12 bones." While this unfortunate incident had befallen Lily Proudfoot, she denied that it had anything to do with the email. All questions were soon answered when a white Hummer with a license plate that said "SHDWFAX"-for that was the vehicle's name-drove up through Main Street. "Gandalf! Gandalf!" Shouted the hobbit children as they ran behind the Hummer. "Show us a firework, Gandalf, please!" They begged, and then screeched in delight as a green carbon monoxide dragon shot out the tailpipe. Gandalf chuckled at the children's delight as he pulled his Hummer over to the side and pulled out his laptop computer. He connected to the Internet and-hoping he wasn't in a bad cell-wrote an email to Bilbo. From: grayhame at To: master at Subject: PARTY Bilbo: I will be arriving today at 3 PM. Pleas know when I knock That I am NOT the Sackville-Bagginses. Ride on, Gandalf Bilbo sat down at his computer to check his email. He gaped at the spam flooding his inbox. "'Lose fifty pounds in one week!'" He grumbled, reading the subject line of his first email. "'Earn a million pieces of gold in two minutes without working!' 'Get out of debt!' 'How to succeed in business without really trying!' Viagra, Cialis, Levitra! There is nothing of use to me here!" He was about to sign out when he saw one potentially worthwhile email. grayhame at PARTY Bilbo opened and read the email. Looking at the clock, he saw that it was almost 3 PM. Gandalf shall arrive soon, he thought just as there was a knock on the door. "Gandalf, my dear-" he began, but when he opened the door he saw that it was not Gandalf at all, but rather the hopelessly bothersome Sackville-Bagginses, Otho and Lobelia. "I'm not home! This is a prerecorded hologram!" He yelped, slamming the door. Seconds later another knock came. "Otho! Lobelia! Go away!" Bilbo barked. He'd had more than enough of his relatives, and the Sackville-Bagginses were the worst. "They already have," a deep, familiar voice boomed. "Let me in!" "Oh, Gandalf!" Bilbo gasped. "I'm so sorry!" He quickly opened the door. "Come in, come in! Please forgive me; I thought it was those blasted Sackville-Bagginses." "That much I gathered," Gandalf said, removing his tall pointed hat and entering the hobbit-hole. "You are forgiven." "Can I get you something?" Bilbo took the wizard's staff and hat. "I have some old wine, if you'd like. Or coffee, perhaps? I can even cook a steak if you want. A big, juicy-" "Coffee will be fine, thank you," Gandalf said politely. "Very well then!" Bilbo said good-naturedly, pouring Gandalf a cup of coffee and getting a bag of potato chips. The two old friends took a seat at Bilbo's table and stared at the hobbit's screensaver. It was the rather annoying sort with a black background and white dots rushing towards the front. It gave one the impression of staring out the front window of a spacecraft. "What a nauseating screensaver you have," Gandalf observed. "Really?" Bilbo asked. "I am very fond of it, and of all the many screensavers of the Shire. But I think I need a vacay." Gandalf eyed his friend. "So you mean to go through with your plan, then?" "I do," Bilbo answered with certainty. "I've had it in my PDA for months and I've not deleted it. I'm going to have my fun on Thursday. Who's gonna laugh, I wonder?" "We'll see," Gandalf said patiently. All week, the Strong Backs & Weak Minds Construction Company had been setting up tents around the Shire. Some of these tents housed big screen TVs so the men could watch football and the kids could play PlayStation. The women had other big screen TVs set up with chick flicks and massaging chairs. Those who cared for none of the aforementioned activities were breakdancing. Coolers everywhere held soda and beer. A good deal of the men were barbecuing. Near the big screen TV that showed a football game, Miggenand Daisy Chubb were arguing over what to cook. "We need to have chicken for those who don't eat meat!" Daisy insisted. "Hamburgers. Hot dogs. Chips." Miggensaid simply, putting some burgers on the grill. "But what if they don't like it?" Daisy asked shrilly. "Hamburgers. Hot Dogs. Chips," Miggen repeated. "Not everyone eats meat, you know!" Daisy pointed out. "Oh, Mother," sighed Harry, the littlest Chubb. "Who ever heard of a hobbit that didn't eat meat?" Daisy's response was drowned out by the menfolk's cheers. The Gondor Vertically Enhanced had just scored a touchdown against the Rohan Indigenous Peoples. "Oh, look, there's Merry and Pippin breakdancing," Frodo commented, pointing to his cousins Merry Brandybuck (whose real name was Meriadoc, but no one ever called him that) and Peregrin Took (whose nickname had somehow become Pippin). "Well, at least they're not playing with Gandalf's fireworks," Samwise Gamgee (who was more often called "Sam") reasoned. "Do you remember the last time Gandalf came?" Frodo asked. "Those two got into the fireworks and sent the entire Marine Corps from Medal of Honor after us!" "Oh, Mr. Frodo, don't worry about that," Sam said. "That was years ago. Merry and Pippin are much more mature than they were back then." "Quick! Hurry! Let's go!" Merry yanked Pippin off the breakdance-floor. "Are you sure this is a good idea?" Pippin asked, looking over his shoulder "Of course!" Merry tried to assure his little cousin. "What's the worst that could happen? We're going to launch the Army of Darkness out of Gandalf's tailpipe!" "And how do you propose that we do such a thing?" Pippin asked as they reached the Hummer. Merry took out a bottle labeled "Army of Darkness" and popped the hood with Gandalf's keyring. "Where did you get those?" Pippin yelped. Merry grinned devilishly. "Haven't you noticed Gandalf looking for his keys?" Pippin gasped. "How did you find them?" "They have a Clapper," Merry explained. "All I had to do was walk around and clap twice every five feet until I heard a beep. We were breakdancing so it didn't look unusual. Now hurry, let's do this before anyone sees us." "Have you seen my keys?" Gandalf asked Random Hobbit #50. Random Hobbit #50 shook his head pitifully. He was rather proud of himself. It was the best acting he would do in a long time. BOOM! All eyes turned towards the south. There was Gandalf's Hummer, with the Army of Darkness crawling out of the air conditioning vents. "My Hummer! My Hummer!" Gandalf cried, running towards his car. "Oh, no!" Pippin gasped. "Here comes Gandalf, Merry, run!" "I can't!" Merry cried. "The Army of Darkness has us surrounded!" Indeed, the two hobbits were surrounded by green, medieval-looking creatures. " YOU FOOLS!" Gandalf bellowed as he stormed towards the car. "Help us, Gandalf!" Merry begged frantically as a Soldier of Darkness tried to shoot out his eyeballs. He failed miserably, however, because he wasn't real. "No!" Gandalf snapped. "Let this be a lesson to you!" With that, he wandered off with fireworks from Star Wars, Pirates of the Caribbean, Spider-Man, and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen to entertain the hobbits. After watching Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker duke it out, Bilbo decided that it was time for food and speeches (in that order, of course). When most had eaten their