AN: This is just a dabble I wanted to write when I need a break from my main story, The Artist and The Mockingjay. I will continue this story too if you'd like to read more. My favorite thing about Sunday is that it's my 'date night' with my best friend Gale Hawthorne. He's not really my boyfriend and I'm not his girlfriend, we're just really good friends. We met for the first time almost five years ago, but it wasn't a happy meeting. Our father's had been co-workers at the coal mine, the major source of income from most of the families in our small town. Our mine is know as 'District 12' the other 11 mines are in other different states. I remembered seeing Gale at school but we never really talked because he was two grades ahead of me in school, so we never had a class or even a lunch at the same time. Like I said our first meeting was not a happy one, because we met at the funeral service, paid for by the mining company Panem Industries, for our dad's at the Justice Building. I remember his mom, Hazelle, who had Gale and his two younger brothers Rory and Vick. She had Gale's sister Posy two weeks after service. We didn't speak that day but I will always remember how sad his face looked that day. The first time we talked to each other happened about six months after the accident. My mother, who is the closet thing our little town has to a real doctor, shut down after my father died. She would get up, go to work and treat her patients, come home and just sit in front of the tv in her bedroom and cry. I hated her in those days, I was hurt and I wanted to cry too but I couldn't because someone had to make sure Prim and Buttercup were taken care of. Prim was only seven when are dad died so she couldn't really take care of herself, that fell on me to do. I would help her with her homework, fix her dinner and put her to bed at night. One day I had grown tired of my mother's at home depression and I needed to get away from things for awhile. I took Prim over to my best friend Madge's house, her dad was the Mayor and we had been friends since forever and our mom's had gone to school together so I felt safe leaving Prim with her. Me and my dad had gone hunting every Sunday morning, he loved to go bow hunting and fishing. He had made me a bow for my birthday the year I turned eight. I hadn't been able to go by myself after his death because it was too painful but that day I had decided to go just to feel closer to him. I had worn a pair of old jeans, a simple white v-neck tee, and my dad's hunting jacket, a worn caramel leather jacket. I unpacked the bow and arrows from the storage closet and set out for the woods. The best hunting spot was the woods behind Madge's house, so I head into the woods after dropping Prim off and promised to be back in time for lunch at 1pm. I had been walking for a while just getting use to using my bow again, it had been six months since my last hunting trip so I felt rusty. I had shot two squirrel. when I saw the rabbit hanging from the snare. I ran my finger along the line of the snare, I had set a few but mine never worked. This one was really well done and I was watching the rabbit twitch when his voice came out of nowhere and scared me. "You know stealing isn't taken to kindly around here." He was big, too big to have just turned fourteen. He was taller then me by at least six inches, his shoulders and chest already broad and muscled. We kinda looked alike, straight black hair, gray eyes, and olive skin. The difference was I looked like a twelve year old kid, Gale looked like a man already. "I...I...know that." I was so nervous I thought I would die on the stop where I stood. "What's your name?" His lips turned up in the hint of what might be a smile. "Katniss." My voice was so small it might only be a whisper and I kept my eyes focused on my boots and not the boy ten feet from me. "Well Catnip, that's my snare and my rabbit so..." "Katniss." My voice sounds a bit stronger so I try it again just to be sure. "Katniss...Katniss Everdeen." This time I'm sure that there is a smile on his face, bit it's a sad one like he's remembering something he doesn't want to. "Everdeen? Your dad and mine..." "Worked together in the mines. They died in the same accident." I say and kick a rock at my feet, sending it flying into a near by tree. "I remember you. It's just you, your mom, and sister." I nod my head and finally look up at him, he's less scary now but still intimidating. "You have two brothers and..." He cuts me off, I hate this but say nothing. "A sister. Posy." At her name his smile grows soft and he is now just a boy, still scary but just a boy. "You're really good...with snares, mine never catch anything." I say running my finger along it again. He closes the space between us and runs a finger along my quiver. "And I'm no good with one of these, not good enough to hit anything." "I could teach you everything I know about bows, if you'd like. But you have to teach me everything you know about snares. Deal?" I hold out my hand and wait, feeling like an idiot. "Deal Catnip." He shakes my hand and I turn up my nose at his nickname, this earns me a real smile. I like him when he smiles like this. After that we would talk after school everyday, just normal talk about our families, friends, the teachers, and he would help me with my math homework because I suck at it and Gale's a wiz with numbers and stuff like that. I would take Prim over to Gale's instead of Madge's because Rory and Vick liked having someone older to play with and Prim was in love with Posy. I still had lunch at Madge's and she insisted that Gale join us. After a few weeks my mother started coming out of her depression and Gale started coming over to my house a lot but we always went back and forth between our houses and the laundry mat that his mom ran. But my favorite day was always Sunday and our weekly hunting trips. Gale and I where always happiest when we where in the woods together. We had a special spot that was just ours, a large flat rock in what some people would call a meadow. It had wild flowers and berry bushes. We would pick berries and eat them on the rock. We always made a game of it. "Ok Catnip let's play a game." He smiles and I glare. "Gale you know I hate that name it's stupid." "No, it's cute. I like it so...you're stuck with it. So deal with it and play a game with me." I shrug and roll my eyes. "Fine. Let's play this game." "Good, now you sit here," he its me on the edge of the long flat rock and walks to the other side. "And I'll sit here." He smile and I laugh. "So what's the game, Hawthorne?" "It's simple Everdeen. I'm going to take these," he picks up a handful of blackberries and shows them to me. "And you're going to catch them." I hold out my hands and he laughs. "Not with our hands Katniss." "Then with what Gale?" I look confused, he laughs harder. I turn up my nose and he almost falls off the rock from laughing so hard. "Don't get mad Cat...Kat." he draws out the second so I know he's correcting himself. He knows that if he uses that awful nickname right now I'll slap him. "With your mouth Kat. You catch five and than you get to throw some at me. Deal?" I smile and plan my payback. "Deal. Hawthorne." The first few miss but after three I get the hang and quickly catch my five and get ready to exact my payback. I pick up a handful and take aim. The first hits him in the hollow of his throat and he glares at me. "That's not very nice Katniss. What would Ms. Trinket say?" I roll my eyes and snort. Ms. Trinket is the principal of our town's school and she obsessed with manners. "Something like 'That's quite unlady like Ms. Everdeen. Now say you're sorry.'" I smile. "But you know that I'm not at all sorry." We both laugh and the next five go right into Gale's mouth. After our game Gale lays across the rock and pats his shoulder and I can't help the smile. This is my spot. I nestle my head into the crook and his arms wrap around me. I love being this close to Gale because it makes me feel so safe. "So are you looking forward to next Saturday Kat?" "Kinda, but only because it means so much to Madge and she is one of my best friends." "She loves a party, even if it's not about her. But with it being your birthday she can't wait for this one." "It's going to be a lot of people though." I say ever though I know it's not going to be that bad. "Just her and Peeta, Finn and Annie, Jo and Cato, and our siblings and moms. So not that bad Katniss, stop being a pain." He pokes at my ribs and I yelp in mock hurt. "But the real fun happens on Sunday." I raise an eyebrow and life my head to look into his eyes. "What happens on Sunday that's so special?" Gale smiles the kind of smile that he saves for when he plans to egg a house or paper a tree or sneak out after curfew. "Well I talked to your mom and she said that I could take you some place special, just you and me." "Where are we go?" I ask but I know he'll never just give me that kind of information and none of our friends will. "Don't think of asking anyone...not even Jo, because she won't tell." "That's fine. I'll ask Annie...she'll tell me everything." He smiles and I want to hit him again, just for being a dick. "She doesn't know anything, we all made sure of that cause she can't keep a secret for five seconds before she spills it." He gives me a kiss on the forehead and looks at his watch. "Let's get back before Prim and Vick drive Jo crazier then she already is." My phone goes off and I smile. It's the little four note tune that tells me I have a text from Gale. I slide my finger across the screen and see his message. 'Be there in ten. You better be ready Kat.' I roll my eyes and put the finishing touch on my hair. I've been wearing my hair in a braid since I was five. My dad would put it in two braids and when I started hunting with him at eight he started to do it in one. Gale told me dress comfy but pretty and told me if I needed help with that I could always ask Madge and Peeta, who are the best dressed couple at school. Personally I would rather let Finnick do