Glorfindel lay on his bed and rested he closed his eyes for a while and remembered all what happened to day. Ecthelion and he had been training together as always, they were both going to be chief's of their household when they reached their age of mature. He and Ecthelion had been friends as long he could remember and he enjoyed the dark haired accompany. They had trained and now lay on the grass top less and enjoyed the sun. 'Thelion' a sweet voice said and Glorfindel opened his eyes and saw Ecthelion's little brother standing there a light robe on his form and a book pressing to his chest. Glorfindel had seen his best friend's brother many times when they were much younger but then Erestor, Ecthelion's little brother had been a long time gone. According to Ecthelion he had been in a private scriber's school and now was the first time he saw Erestor after that. The other had grown much in height and all the child fat was gone. 'Hmm, what is it Tor?' Ecthelion looked at his little brother. 'The dinner is ready, amil told to invite Glorfindel to join us' Erestor said and pressed his book against his chest. 'Thank you, I'll gladly join' Glorfindel said and smiled and they dressed and walked with his best friend in to the house. After that couldn't he resist always glance at Erestor when he had the opportunity. Glorfindel sighed in his bed and saw the beautiful dark haired in his mind long and slender, raven black straight hair braids going from the side of Erestor head to the back, two on each side, the deliciously brown eyes with long black eyelashes, high cheek bones, cute roundish nose tip and the rose red lips. Glorfindel felt that his leggings grew tight when he thought about Erestor, but left the matter for today and fall a sleep. 'Now rise Glorfindel, chief of the household of Golden Flower' King Turgon spoke and he rose and bowed deeply to the king and waited until all the rest households new chief's had been named. All the chief's from the twelve household sat, chatted, eat and drank for to celebrated their new title. It wasn't long after that the real work begun. Collecting an army, train them, wrote agreements and much scribers work. Someone knocked on Glorfindel's offices door and he sighed and looked up from the papers, it was an other day in the castle in his office. 'Enter' Glorfindel said and leaned back in his chair and braided his long blond wavy hair at back of his head. 'Lord Glorfindel, the king asked me to deliver this to you' a familiar sweet voice said. Glorfindel turned head so he could see the one who had entered his office, he was surprised to find Erestor standing there and offering a letter to him. Glorfindel rose from his bench and walked in front of the slim dark haired beauty, Erestor was long but if he would pull the dark haired in a hug the smaller ones forehead would press his nose. Glorfindel pushed his stupid thoughts away and took the letter from the dark haired. 'What are you doing here?' The golden haired asked as he opened the letter. 'I'm one of the scribes in Gondolin, milord' Erestor answered politely and looked at the other. 'Congratulations' Glorfindel said and walked to his desk. 'Thank you milord' Erestor said. Glorfindel smiled a little and looked at his paper pile and sighed heavily. 'How does your brother survive this?' Glorfindel asked and gestured on his big pile of unfinished paperwork. 'He has a personal scriber to help him, did you not know milord that you have the right to take one too?' Erestor asked and golden haired shook his head and looked at Erestor then on the papers and smiled. 'Nay, I did not. Are you someone's personal scriber?' Glorfindel asked and smiled when he saw that Erestor was blushing and looked very surprised. 'Nay milord, I'm the newest scriber and I think you want someone else than me. You know me and my brother is your best friend and...' Glorfindel silenced the dark haired by placing his finger on his lips. Erestor stared on Glorfindel not pleased that he was interrupt when he spoke. 'I want someone I know, but I'll have one test to you, Erestor' Glorfindel said and searched for a paper and when he found it he said; 'Here we go. If you solve this I'll make you my private scriber. I have been stuck with this for weeks' he handed the paper to Erestor who laughed lightly and walked in front of Glorfindel's table and wrote couple of lines and the golden haired leaned over and read through the lines. 'I didn't even consider that, you're clever' 'Nay, it was too easy' Erestor said and straighten himself. 'So you say that I'm stupid?' The golden haired teased a bit and Erestor laughed and continued the teasing; 'Perhaps' Glorfindel laughed and straighten himself and joked; 'Don't tell 'Thel, that you're my personal scribe' 'Oh I'll not this will be our secret Lord Glorfindel. If you don't mind I'll move my desk to your office' Erestor said walked from Glorfindel's office. Oh how Glorfindel loved to work with Erestor, he had so much fun with the dark haired and he was to great help too. Their relationship improved much from what it had been, they were very comfortable around each other. Glorfindel had even bought a very pretty circlet to Erestor when he reached maturity. They had been working together for many years and one day Glorfindel had decided to go and visit his best friend. He knocked on the door and a very familiar beautiful face was revealed from behind the door. 'Good day, do you need my assistant?' Erestor asked and brushed away a dark hair from his face. Glorfindel smiled and shook his head and answered; 'Nay, no work to day raven. Is your brother home?' Erestor shook his head. 'Nay, he comes home first late at the evening' Erestor said and added; 'You can come much later and check again' 'Or I'll spend time with you until his back' Glorfindel suggested and a beautiful smile appeared on Erestor face. 'Well come in side then' Erestor said hold the door open for Glorfindel. They had sat down in the common room and was drinking wine and chatting. 'You do realize Fin that you must soon marry someone and provide children' Erestor pointed out. Glorfindel sipped some wine and chuckled a little and said; 'I know. But this information perhaps will please you, I've for long loved one and I should make a move on the elf' 'You have? I know, it is king Turgon's daughter, Idril' Erestor said and Glorfindel laughed, sat beside Erestor on the couch and shook his head. 'Nay and she is married Erestor and has children. For the first the one is an Ellon but you can see him quite often in the castle' Glorfindel said and wondered if Erestor could guess. 'So you're joining households, how sweet. I can't guess, you've only been spending time with me in the castle' Erestor and looked thoughtfully at the chief of Golden Flower. 'You're very close dear raven' Glorfindel said and smiled. He sat his wine glass on the floor and leaned closer the dark haired and kissed him on the lips. Erestor blushed when they broke the kiss. 'You're planning to court me? Fin I like you very much, but you can get much better' Erestor said and was still blushing. 'You're the little brother of Ecthelion, your family is wealthy and high ranked and you're the most beautiful elf of all' Glorfindel said and leaned closer to steal an other kiss from those sweet lips. Erestor's hand sneaked behind the golden haired head and pulled him closer. Glorfindel grinned in the kiss and let his hands rest around Erestor's waist. 'Titta quen, do you want me to bring something to you? And have asked Ecthelion's opinion...' 'Amil' Erestor turned his head so he could see his mother who was leaning on the door frame and smiled happily. 'Ah but my lady, I do only need your and your husband's blessing' Glorfindel said and stood up and walked to the lady. 'May I have the honor to court your beautiful son, Erestor?' Glorfindel asked and the lady's smile widened. 'Darling, it is happening' the lady called for his husband who walked beside his wife and looked at Glorfindel with a smile. 'Of course, if it is what Erestor wants, titta quen?' the lord looked at his younger son who walked beside Glorfindel. 'I love him, you know that atar' Erestor said and said. 'You have our blessing, young once' the lord said. 'I'll break the news to your parents Glorfindel and I believe your mother is eager to begin plan the wedding with me' the lady said the two elder walked from the living room leaving two alone. 'Well that was... Fast' Erestor said slowly and Glorfindel warped his hands around Erestor and kissed him on the forehead. 'I love you Erestor' Glorfindel said and hold the smaller elf. 'I love you too, lion' Erestor said and Glorfindel laughed, the dark haired had made up the nickname when Glorfindel had called Erestor by sudden, raven. 'You know that 'Thelion is going to kill me and laugh to you when he finds out' Erestor said calmly. 'I know' Glorfindel said and added; 'And I keep you safe darling' In a month Glorfindel and Erestor was going to be wedded. 'Hello my beautiful' Glorfindel said when he had sneaked in to Erestor's and his family's house, his hands were around the dark haired. He had found his beloved in the common room sitting by the window and was reading. 'Fin' Erestor said and closed his book and rested his head back so he could see the golden haired. 'What a nice surprise' Erestor said. Glorfindel smiled and leaned closer and kissed Erestor very passionately. 'Are alone my beautiful?' Glorfindel asked and placed light kisses on the dark haired ones neck. 'Aye, melme. Thelion and my parents are not coming back before tomorrow' Erestor answered and a little gasp escaped his lips when the golden hared nibbled his neck. 'Fin... Mhhm... If you continue that... I am not sure I can hold myself to the wedding night' Erestor said and gasped in surprise when the chief of Golden Flower picked him up. 'Perfect, because I have no intention to wait' Glorfindel whispered in the others pointy ear and carried Erestor to his room and gently placed him on the middle of the bed. The golden haired closed the bedrooms door and crawled on top of his beloved. 'No intention? You are impatient melme' Erestor said and stroked Glorfindel's cheek. The golden haired chucked lightly and said; 'I am very impatient, at least when it comes to you' he brushed the dark hair for the way and begun to nibble the others pointy ear which made the dark haired nearly scream in pleasure. The slowly undressed each other and Glorfindel continued his exploring with the mouth. 'You are beautiful' Glorfindel said and looked on Erestor who lay in the bed naked. Erestor blushed, let his hands move on the broad and muscular chest of Glorfindel and said; 'And you are very, very handsome my soon to be husband' 'This is only for your eyes my beloved. Do you have oil?' Glorfindel asked and nibbled the lower waist. Erestor reached for the night stand and when he found the oil bottle he gave it to Glorfindel. The golden haired coated his fingers with oil and when he pushed the first in, he distracted his love with liking the others manhood. When Glorfindel had gently prepared his love he coated his manhood with oil and looked at his beloved. 'Erestor are you