Author's Note: Hey y'all, this is set 20 years after the last Harry Potter Book! And the curse child is being ignored! Hope you enjoy! ~Rose POV~ 1. Making escapes and introductions I turned through the air, flying by the world, being above, beneath, within. The swirling of my robes slapping against my legs as I felt my stomach drop to the floor, except no floor was there beneath me. I was not flying, but I was also not yet accustom to the feeling of apparating, as if you were on a roller coaster that had climbed so high and teetered, tipped, and then fell, racing to the floor. My feet hit the sidewalk jolting me to an abrupt stop, the pavement dusty and grimy beneath my feet, and the dust rose and clung to my clothing. My trunk was clutched in my hand, as my knuckles turned white, and I rest it down with a sigh, I never was able to travel light. The sound of a whistle brought me out of my quite revere, loud and piercing, as the whole world turned into action, and I was lost in the crowd. Looking up, just above me was the station, 10, and there, to its immediate right was number 9. The numbers shined with a dinted gold gleam, which peeled at the edges as the paint detreated more every year, now barely covering the 1 in the10. The train station was busy, bustling with noise and filled with the flurry of movement. The familiar sent of London, a mixture of smoke and ash, but with the undertone of freshly baked bread, that always made my stomach growl. And that warmth of the familiar sent made my lips slightly turn up at the sides, and a ghost of a smile that was lost over the long months of summer holiday began to make its first appearance, the muscles in my cheek unused and creaked and complained, but my heart it picked up its pace. And one thought only stuck in my mind, 'Almost home'. And therefore free to leave the nightmare behind and the cold of the world without magic as well. The distant roar of trains approaching and disappearing and the rumble of their heavy metal wheels on the train tracks filled my ears and clouded my senses. That too was familiar, this was my way away, and it took me back, flashing through memory after memory, the first time I met the Potters, my friends laughter, the tears of joy, backtracking through good times, and times of grief, and my pulse remembered with me, beating its own melody. It took me back to when I first arrived at this crowded station, smaller, and big eyed, filled with adrenaline to the brim, and longing an escape, but afraid of what lied ahead. I remember asking the tall officer, with his blue uniform and shiny buttons where platform 9 and ¾ was, I remember the way he laughed and said, "We get that question every year, on this date, funny ain't it?" I can still close my eyes and remember first feeling the red paint beneath my fingertips, and that emotion, something unknown, hope. As well, thinking back, to standing in that crowd for hours, looking around, waiting for a train on a platform that didn't exist, getting more desperate by the minute, so I sat down on my little trunk, clutching a kitten to my chest, and murmuring to myself, and that is the first time I saw magic. They were older than me, taller, but they had the same ticket clutched in their hands, the same look of joy on their faces, and they had big trunks, like mine, and they ran at that wall, head first, laughing all the way, and they disappeared into that wall, as if they never existed. And vanished into smoke, I thought it was a trick of the lighting, and that the fog was too thick to see threw, but I was sure that my eyes were not playing tricks on me. I remember how my heart pounded, and how I jumped to my feet, eyes wider than before, heart beating faster than before. And I remember following them, timid in my step, not running, but walking and I remember it not working. And then I ran, feet hitting the pavement, wind in my hair, and I was magic. A loud yell rings through the air, and the action in the crowd awakes me from my thoughts yet again, and I move within the sea of people, and we all move, together as one, rushing, quick in our step, and walking towards our futures, even if it is a tomorrow. I turn right, into a familiar alley way, where no one sees me cling to the shadows, and I take out my wand, something more precious to me than myself. It is elegant, every centimetre of its long 13 inches, made out of evergreen wood which is a dark colour, so dark it could be mistaken as black, smoothed and curved into a straight line that stretched to a tip, and gleamed with a finish that made it look alive. Its shine was reflective as it had a rose growing from its base, its petals and thorns etched to perfection, and it seemed to grow and bloom when it caught the light. Its core was a dragon's lost loved heart, and pixie dust with 4 drops of unicorn blood. But what made it rare was the tear of a mother's first born child, which gave the wand its power and a love that was unknown, and pure. And just beneath the wands base, were my initials, carved into the wood, marking it as my own, R.N.T short for Rose Nadia BlackThorne. "Accio!" The spell rang through the alleyway, which had fortunately remained empty. And there out of the mist and fog that clouded my vision, swinging through the air, and coming to an abrupt stop before banging to the ground, and hitting the cobblestones arrived my owl, Tempest, and book bag, as well as my cat, June, grey and blue eyed and young, a kitten that I had adopted over the vacation. Swinging the bag over my shoulder and picking up the two cages and my trunk, after tucking my wand away, hidden beneath my robes, I step out into the busy street, and head for my platform. There is a fog, of smoke, and the cold, as both muggle and wizard's breath mixed together, the September air is chilly and it sends a thrill down my spine, my breath is steamy and creates a mist of its own as does everyone's around me. And out of that fog there it is, hidden behind the mist, and a part of the smoke, a brick wall, simple, etched with a few cracks of age here and there, and grey with the ash of cigarette smoke and the trains exhaust. It is a comforting sight and before I charge towards it, I take a final look at muggle London, the streets, that you can see just a glimpse of above the steps that lead out of the train station, and I value the way those steps lead to a different part of my life. A part where I am no one, and I am just another person in the crowd, moving with the people, and then I look to the wall, simple, but beckoning, and inviting me to come see what is on its other side. And I take its invitation. I run at it, my heels hitting the ground, making a satisfying sound, my heart beating loud, and I don't stop, I keep running towards it, excitement and adrenaline coursing in my veins, almost free, it is millimetres away, and I feel as if I am to crash and then I hit, no, I slip through, as if the wall opened to my command and I step onto the platform, and a new smell welcomes me, and it is the smell of home, the smell of magic in the air. And I look up, above me, shining as if the sun itself, polished to perfection, with no cheap painted coat, but real and solid gold, shines my platform number, 9 ¾ and it is, large, curving, and standing out against a wall, that is not covered in cigarette ash, or stained with smoke, but instead, a wall of red brick, that shines new and real, and I drop my belongings and spin around to face the world I was born to be in. "It never changes does it?" The voice is as happy as I am, and the voice, a voice I have missed so very much over these past 3 months, it is the voice of a thousand great memories, funny times, and hard days, the voice of someone I could not live without, and a shriek escapes me. "V!" My arms are around her in seconds crushing her to me, and a laugh escapes me, I take in her familiar sent, of Lavender and Sage, and I am happy, happier then I have been all summer long, and she laughs, a melody that sounds like bells at Christmas time. I pull away to inspect her, "Your hair !" She giggles; the ends are long, silky as they run through my hands… "Merlin!" She is gasping for breath a grin that touches both of her ears and lights up my world is planted on her face, and her laughter has turned into a silent giggle, "I know" I am shaking my head, "All those letters and you didn't tell me once you were growing it out!" "You're one to talk" Her eyes leave my face and take me in, "Are you taller?" I look down at me, and roll my eyes punching her in the arm, "No, I don't grow, okay, and the fact that you brought that up is highly appalling and too early in the day to talk about such serious issues and you have no idea the struggles I must face-" She cuts me off, "Yeah, yeah, I know, 'cause you have to wear higher shoes, and you don't get the same amount of respect that taller woman do… I know…" I shake my head, and mutter under my breath "Yeah right you do" She laughs again, and pushes me, causing me to glare right on back, eyes narrowing, "You are bloody evil!" She walks away, facing me, as she takes each step backwards, her long caramel hair swinging side to side, "Uhuh! Always!" And then I smile, I smile because the laugh came unforced, the banter was natural, this life, it was my life, and I smiled because I am happy. I pick up the luggage I dropped in a hurry, and though my arms strain to hold it all, I welcome the extra effort I must exude to hold it. And I follow her, my feet hitting the cobblestones beneath me, which are clean and swept for this big day. The day we go back. And my eyes roam the platform, the crowds of people are unlike those at King Cross Station, these crowds are all one, and we all stand, some levitating, others zooming around on broomsticks, but what makes us different is the magic, it courses through us like electricity and surrounds us. "Get your last minute school supplies here!" "3 Knuts for an exploding snap, have your last dash of fun!" "Butterbeer, 4 Knuts a gallon!" The voices in the air are crisp, as little carts and wheelbarrows are turned into instant shops, and selling their trademark items, sugar quills, textbooks, ink, potion ingredients, sweets and candies, savoury foods for the journey, potions to stop sickness that some students get aboard the train, pet owls, and toads of every variety. The shops line the walls of the station, and compete with each other, calling