Hi people. I am also the author Henrie locker. Now I lost a bet with my best friend and she made me write this story to drive me nuts. The Prince of Atlantis was visiting the city of Rome. Many believed that the city was destroyed hundreds of years earlier when it was claimed by the waters but Poseidon just withdrew from the world. Now the city was back. It was rich, powerful and in direct conflict with the interests of the Roman Empire. So People were kind of surprised when the prince of the legendary kingdom and a god to blood became friends with the aristocrats and half gods Jason Grace and Frank Zang. Jason Grace was married to the politician Reyna Bellatona and Frank to a woman named Gwen but in trough they had more fun with there Slaves. (Piper, a Greek woman from Argos and Hazel from the Continent of Africa. Soon also a young maiden named Annabeth should join.) I entered the capital of the young empire and was awaited by my two friends. "Hi Percy." Jason and Frank greeted me. We shook hands from the backs of our horses. "So Jason I heard you have a trade alliance in mind." Jason nodded. "I need the freedom to send my merchant fleet across the Mediterranean with out your fleet stopping it and sacking in taxes." I sighed. My father may be the God of the see but I still did most of the managing for Atlantis. Things like diplomatic relations and other kind of agreements. Since he was the god of the sea, the shipping was at our mercy. I grin at Jason. "I think we can find an agreement." Jason smiles at me. "And you Frank. How is your life going." Frank was a born Roman but his ancestors came from a distant region of the earth. He laughed. "My wife is bugging me do stay home more but when I am she has other plans then I do. But I am getting her servant Hazel to warm up to me if you get the meaning." We chuckle. Jason grinned. "Reyna has this servant named Piper and she keeps us quite happy. I am trying to get her to make another servant who we got from Athens to join our games but for some reason she stops me. " Jason informs us. "Can´t you just order Reyna to make her. You are her husband." The blond Roman grits his teeth. "I could but then Reyna will be in bad mood." Even though the politician was officially owned by Jason she still was quite rebellious and could make is life miserable "So what of you?" I grin. "Well I have my servants Rachel and Calypso to amuse me but apart from that no one. Rachel is a total whore and Calypso is seacretly in a relationship with Leo for some reason but I sill like fucking her." It was clear that Jason and Frank had many other servants but they preferred to have fun with those that their wives allowed to keep them in good mood. Jason whistled and we started laughing. The two Romans led me to my quarters inside Jason's villa and we agreed that I should rest a few hours and we would talk business in a few hours. I pulled of my armor and weapons and then my dirty cotton tunic and laid down on the bed to rest. "Well met Perseus." I jerk awake and grab for my weapon until I recognized the intruder. It didn´t make me feel better but I knew that I was out matched. I gazed at the blond, gray eyed woman. "Lady Athena." I scrambled out of bed and bowed. "To what do I owe this pleasure." My father and the war-goddess wern´t on best terms so I was alert. "Your father and I have decided to lay aside our differences and form an alliance." I smiled. This would make a lot, a lot more simple. "What does this have to do with me." "My favorite daughter is a slave in Rome. This is a humiliation I can not take. If you make her your wife it would not only put you in my favor but also strengthen our young alliance. Now. She knows of the deal you and Jason are striking and will confront you. She will ask you to request the city of Athens as a price and she will offer herself to you. I guess she would much rather be the possession of a god and a Greek then that of a Roman. You will agree to this and when you make the deal with Reyna and Jason you will request her to be a little gift in the agreement." I nod. "I guess that she does not know of your plan." The goddess shook her head. "No. She does not even know that she is a demi god. I assure you. She is seventeen and as fair as she is wise and she is still a maiden. I also would feel better if she was with you. Ones she is your wife it is your decision how you treat her. Now I must go because my daughter approaches." With that the goddess of Wisdom turned into a owl and flew out of the window. There was a knock on the door a second later." You may enter." A young woman with slender body, fare tanned skin, golden blond hair and sparkling gray eyes enters the room. She was dressed in a simple dress. Her face was gracefully cut. "My lord. I am to bring you clean cloths and I am to polish your armor if you wish." She showed me the clean tunic. I nod and she close the door. I remembered what Athena had said. "Is this the only reason why you are here?" I inquire. The daughter of Athena sighs. "No, I admit it isn´t. I have a request." I lay my head to one side."Go on Annabeth." "I want you to request the city of Athens in your deal with lady Reyna." I pretend to contemplate her Idea. "And why should I take that city?" The girl gulped. "I will offer my self to you." I almost smiled but I walked toward her instead. She was about a head shorter them me and a lot less wide and I knew that right now I was a giant to her. "I could just request you in the deal anyway and take another city." I offered. The girls face fell then it hardened. "I would offer my soul to you." Now it was my turn to be surprised. It was impossible to force or pressure some one to do that and it made the person physically unable to go against her master. "No. I will not take your soul. I will take you as my wife and you will take all vows coming along with it." The girl looked up to me in surprise. "Your wife? My lord? Why. I am just a slave from Athens." I shook my shoulder. "Partly I admire your loyalty to your home and I may marry who I wish and the other reasons are non of your concern." The girl looked like she couldn´t believe what was happening. I offered her to be the wife of a prince. "I will accept." I could feel my manhood hardening in my trousers. "When are you expected to return?" She looked at me nervously noticing my hungry eyes wandering down her body. " I am not expected back for a few hours. Lady Reyna offered me free time. " I chuckle. "Then I want to see what I just bought." The girl paled. I sigh. "I will take you when I marry you but I am quite board. I undo the knots holding her dress at her shoulders and the clothing falls toward the ground. The girl eminently tries to cover herself with her arms. I had a thought, this was Athenas favorite daughter. That would be because she is the one that reminds her of herself the most. So if this one came after her mother her fatal flaw would be pride. This would be fun. You might say that offering herself to me as an object of amusement kind of clashed with her pride but this was a different situation. She willingly sacrificed her self to me to help her home and friends wich was a show of strength of heart and courage. So I would humiliate her a bit. "I pull her hands away. Gentle enough not to hurt her but with enough force to let her know that I wasn´t asking. " She looked down in shame as gazed at her body. It had less curves than Rachel or hourglass body of Calypso. I thought back to how I had gotten them. Calypso had been a spoil of war. She had announced that she wanted me as a war prize if the Titams should win. So when I stormed her fathers fortress and forced Atlas under the sky I had claimed his two youngest daughters as a war prizes. I admit I was a bit blood crazed at the time but hey. Anyway I had taken Calypso in front of her father wich kind of was the ultimate insult. Just as I went for the second daughter I noticed that I didn´t recognize her wich meant she was very young. When I asked her what her name was she said it was Zoe and that she was fifteen. Since I knew of nothing she had done wrong and I saw that she seemed to have been beaten, most likely be her stressed out father who was loosing a war. I offered her to Artemis as a peace offering wich had gotten me her favor. Now Calypso was gentle as a flower... most of the time. Back to the present. I softly touched one of her breasts. When I squeezed it I felt that they may be quite small but they were firm. I grin at Annabeth whose face was as red as a tomato. "You know I really like them." I murmur and Annabeth mumbled, "Stop staring." Then I cupped her cheeks and kissed her. The daughter of Athena just stood there, for ones in her life not knowing what to do. Actually I noticed that she was so slim that you could see a few ribs shining through her skin. I let my hand brush over her skin and to my pleasant surprise she shuddered and goosebumps erupted over her body. Then I walk around her. Her ass was firm but small. She was definitely Athletic. Just to tease her I touched her butt and gave it a squeeze. She spun around and slapped me. I managed to block her strike but she flipped me over her hip. I would have been able to defend my self with ease under normal circumstances but I was so surprised that I couldn´t realy do anything. So I ended up crashing on the floor. She planted a knee on my chest and glared at me. I grinned cheeky. If I didn´t watch out I would have no say in how my life went with her. "You know that a slave just attacked the price of Atlantis." Before she could react I pushed her of me. Then grabbed her and fling her on the bead. There I pinned her on the fury madras and started playing with her breasts. After a while she growled "Are you finished?" Okay. Being married to her would be a very hmmmm tiring? I let my hand wonder over her thighs and commented. "You know youre thighs have just the right around of fat." Then I let my hand wonder to farther up to between her legs. She gasps and blushes. You know I think I did enough to you. Your turn."