Just so you know I have no idea how bus stations work. These are only my assumptions. Updated this first part to tweak a few details here and there or to clear things up. I don't know if I'll update this or not in the near future but I do have a few ideas. I am grateful for those still following this story. I'm not fussed with grammar too much in writing this fic, as I do it for fun, but I do try my best on my own but nobody's perfect. And yes that is a tiny little Harry Potter reference in there Disclaimer: I don't own the Twilight series nor Leah Clearwater. Just Jimmy White. I don't like Twilight but I love Leah and she deserved a happier ending than what she got. Leah was finally leaving home a month and half after the whole Volturi situation had been defused. (funnily enough, the day she had finally decided to leave on was on Valentine's Day) She didn't tell anyone she was leaving not even her mother, for out of fear that Sue may try to talk her out of it. She avoided the Cullen s as much as possible in an attempt to keep her thoughts guarded from the mind-reader and the brat who would rat her out to Jacob and possibly Bella (who might just rat her out to Sue). In the end she had left short notes for her mother and Seth telling them that she was fed up with nearly everything and everyone around the Res, La Push and Forks and now that the danger had passed she didn't feel that she had to stay anymore. There would be a total of sixteen(wolves once she left, neither Jacob nor Sam could argue that there were too few to patrol the territory once she left. She'd given her Mom and Seth her new phone number in the notes but warned them not to call her before a week was up, if they did she wouldn't answer them. If there was an emergency, then they could text her if they needed to (Sue had one, because she needed one for work). Leah's was one of those pay-as-you-go type of things as she didn't want to pay a bill every month for just for the most basic of her needs (calls and texting). She'd never really had one before but after she pulled out her savings a few days ago, she thought it would be a good idea to have one, just in case. She started packing several days ago just after the Volturi confrontation had ended, whenever she was "off-duty" from patrolling and whenever Seth was on patrol and her mom at work or at Charlie's. Little by little she packed away bits of her life. Some photos of her family, a picture of Emily before she was scarred because of Sam's recklessness and one of her and Sam for old times sake. She also packed a small pile of yet-to be-added minutes for her new cell, and a few other personal items she cherished but could never bear to part with, but it was mostly clothing, pajama's and underwear that she packed. Basically whatever else she couldn't replace was to be left behind. When she had started packing but couldn't finish, she had slipped the bags into her closet whenever someone came home, just out of sight in her room. Since she did her own laundry there was little chance her mother or Seth would see them. She knew that her father would've supported her if he were still alive, she didn't feel guilty once for even thinking of leaving. Leah was thankful that Jacob had never Alpha-ordered her to never leave the packs as they were now. She smirked a little at the thought, Jacob hadm't thought of that little loophole yet, apparently. He was much too busy with that spoiled Cullen brat these days, which was fine by her, she wanted to get the hell out of here before Jacob could even think of sending her back to Sam. With that thought she zipped up her last bag of things and hefted it to the front door. The taxi she called about a while ago had just pulled into the driveway. The driver honked a couple of times to let her know that he had just arrived. When she heard him she went to the door to signal that she'd be out soon. Leah hurried back to her room and grabbed two more bags and looped the last over her head and shoulder before she made her way back barely giving her surroundings a second glance. She stopped, however, at the sight of a picture of her father with his two best friends Charlie and Billy. It was one of her favorites taken just before one of their fishing trips together, before Billy's diabetes took the use of his legs from him. There were many other pictures of Harry around the house but it was this one she wanted more than any of them. She took it and slipped it into the suitcase that she had brought in earlier, and picked up the last suitcase and headed out the door. She chuckled a little when the drivers jaw dropped open at the sight of her handling so many bags with ease but she said nothing and set the bags down before she slid into the cab. She took a few deep breaths to settle what few nerves she had. When the driver had just finished putting the last bag into the trunk before he slid himself in behind the steering wheel. "So where you goin', Miss?" Leah gave him a small little smile and said, "The Port Angeles bus station, please. I'd take the car but it's my brother's and I don't think he'd like it too much if I took it and left it there without telling him." She tucked a strand of loose hair behind her ear as the driver nodded before he pulled out of the driveway. Changing the title of her car over to Seth was one of the best things she could've done for him at this point. He'd be sixteen soon and he'd been wanting a car already despite the fact that he was only fifteen and learned to drive with hers. It was only natural to leave the car to him and spare her mother the aggravation of shopping for him or having Seth ask their Mom if he could use hers. Besides Jacob would probably try to get the Cullen's to track her down using the car's information against her or hack into God knows what in order to follow her in an attempt to get her back. Not that they'd even bother to try to go to so much trouble just for her. Hell most of them would probably be glad to finally be rid of her. She knew Sam would be relieved and oddly enough, she was too. The trip to the bus station felt like it was both the longest and shortest trip of her life. She had watched the scenery fly by in a daze but before too long she found that the cab was now pulling into the Greyhound station. After the driver pulled up to the curb, he helped Leah put her bags onto the sidewalk before she paid him. When he pulled away she could feel her heart thumping wildly. As soon as her bus pulled out of the station, she'd finally be free of everything holding her back. But that was temporarily forgotten as the cellphone in her pocket screeched to life. She fished it out of her pocket and looked at the caller ID. "That furry son of a bitch!" She growled (she had added his number to her phone so she would know when NOT to answer it), briefly wondering if she should ditch the phone. She didn't, she loved her mom and Seth and this phone was now her only connection to them, but this call did not come from them. The call that Leah was not about to answer was coming straight from Jacob Black's iPhone (a gift from Bella as a belated Christmas present). She turned off the phone and stuffed it back into her pocket, wishing she'd left it off to begin with. He shouldn't have been able to get a hold of her cell number that quickly, not unless he went over there for some reason or another and managed to find her note to Seth. She could tell that if she didn't calm down quickly Port Angles would have one "furry little problem" on their hands. She quickly closed her eyes and focused only on taking deep calming breaths and thinking happy thoughts in order to slow her heartbeat down. The thought of living somewhere without Bella, Jacob and Sam to influence her life was the perfect thing to sooth her nerves. When she opened her eyes, she was slightly taken aback when she saw a few strangers looking at her worriedly. She smiled at them looking slightly sheepish, "I'm fine, just nervous." She didn't explain further before she turned around and began to look for the ticket counter. She had taken a couple of steps before she realized she'd forgotten to do something, the letters she'd written to Charlie and Jacob. They still needed to be mailed. She wished she could've given Charlie's to him in person but she couldn't risk being caught for a moment in her attempt to leave. She dug around in one of her zippered bags until she felt the long stiff envelopes brush her fingertips. One addressed to Charlie, the other to Jacob which would be sent to Billy's house and not the Cullen's place, where he spent far too much time at these days than Leah thought was healthy. But she knew if she sent the letter to Jacob at his Dad's place it take longer for him to receive it. She grinned at the thought of Jacob stewing and fuming wondering just where she ran off to. She'd bought the stamps the other day for the letters but she hadn't mailed them. She hadn't planned on doing so either until she was safely at the station. She was sending Jacob's with the slowest delivery rate as she could possibly find and Charlie's with same-day delivery. It was late morning now and Leah was hopeful he'd recieve the letter before nightfall. She looked around for a moment until she saw the mailbox and slipped the letters inside without a moments hesitation. With the letters now securely in the box, Leah turned and headed towards the ticket office. When she found it, Leah looked at the destinations looking for one that would take her far away from Port Angeles. She knew that this could be one of the places that they'd look for her at but probably (thankfully) not the first, so she needed to get out of here as quickly as could be managed before they got wise to her location. Thank God, Alice the fortune-teller vamp, couldn't "see" shapeshifters or she'd be so screwed so fast her head wouldn't even have time to spin. In the end she decided to go to Atlanta, which was the next bus leaving, at least for now until she could make up her mind further on where she wanted to go for certain. Atlanta seemed like a good starting point, and it was far enough to ease her mind but the trip didn't start boarding for at least a half-hour. Once she bought the ticket she looked around for a moment, wondering what she could do with the little time she had before she could board. When she spotted a small in-station shop, and took a step in it's direction and then realized she was holding her luggage. Fortunately for her one of the off duty