"Keep running." Luke screamed pulling Annabeth behind him where she was stumbling being much smaller than and not as fast as Luke. Grover stumbled next to Thalia due to his hoof feet but he quickly got his footing or rather hoofing back and kept running. "Were almost," Grover huffed getting winded. "There." He pointed ahead. They had to get up this giant hill then they could find the opening of the camp. That was if they could out run the monsters. Luke cursed himself out. This was his fault. If he hadn't tried taking on that stupid hellhound mutt, then the furies wouldn't have found them so easily. Then they wouldn't have tried hiding in a Cyclopes layer who evidently tried to eat Thalia, Grover and him. They were lucky enough Annabeth, who was only seven was brave enough to stab the Cyclops in the foot and cut Thalia bonds so they could survive another day. All three of the furies were chasing them, with an army of hellhounds. Man did Luke really wish those Hunters of Artemis were still here. I mean Thalia almost punched the lead hunter girl in the face because something she had said to her, which he had no clue was about; but they had killed the monsters chasing after them and gave them time to run. Luke's heart pumped a beat with every step he took when he ran. He looked back and found three women who didn't look anything like women, flying up in the sky above them. There leather wings spread out as they glided above them. One of them started to swoop down and her sisters fallowed her. The three demigods and Satyr just kept running. They had to get to the camp where Grover said other camp members could help them out with there monster problem. "Watch out!" Luke yelled. Right then the Furies came down with there claws extended. Luke yanked Annabeth ahead of him and slashed at the Fury with his sword backbiter; she screeched and flew away from both of them. Grover screamed but when Luke looked at him he was fine and still running. Thalia had her magical shield Aegis out pointed at one of the furies who were trying to attack her; the monster hissed and flew away. "What are you waiting for? Run!" Thalia said looking back at Luke who had stopped running unlike Grover and Annabeth who were ahead of both of them. He nodded and they both dug there feet into the ground with every step they took to get away. Luke had this terrible Nott in his stomach. The Hellhounds were barking behind them and the Furies were cackling with joy tormenting all of the fleeing half-bloods, and Grover. "Stupid." Thalia grumbled under her breath. Luke had no idea if she was referring to the monsters or to him being so stupid. One of the hellhounds was faster then his other siblings and bit at the ankles of Luke and Thalia. Luke swiped behind him with his sword but he couldn't tell if he was actually hurting the hound. Thalia had her shield pointed behind her at the hound and glanced back at the monster still running. Luke spun around and slashed at the face of the hound. He must have aimed well because the dog yelped and thrashed and retreated into its siblings. It knocked one of the furies out of her flying pattern where she crashed into her sisters. "HA!" Luke gloated. He smiled even though he was terrified. "Come on." Thalia grabbed his free hand and pulled him along with her. Her shield had turned back into her little silver bracelet. It was easier to run when you weren't carrying a heavy scary looking shield. Grover had just reached the top of the hill ahead of them. Annabeth was between the goat boy and her two underage guardians. Luke was glad Annabeth wasn't seriously hurt unlike Thalia and him. They both were bleeding heavily from getting raked with so many different sharp claws, but it was better that they took the pain and not the little blond girl they both acted like parents for. Luke the Father and Thalia the… well you get the idea. He would have blushed thinking about this but he didn't have the blood to spare or the time. Annabeth stumbled and fell down scraping her knees and hands on the ground right before she reached the top of the hill. Thalia pulled away from Luke and rushed up to help her. She grabbed her arms and pushed her up to her feet. "Hurry, Annabeth." Thalia's voice trembled. The little girl had mud smudged all over herself. She had a few scratches on her arms, neck and one on her cheek but she seamed to be okay. Her curly blond hair was tangled over her grey eyes that streamed tears. Thalia pushed Annabeth forward softly and the little girl stumbled down the hill past a couple of lone trees after Grover who was half way down the hill now. Luke reached the top of the hill next to Thalia and they both could see the stone columns that signified the opening to the camp that could be a new safe and permanent home for them. "We did it." Luke's heart fluttered with a wide smile spreading across his face. "Come on." He never took his eyes away from the columns. Safety, Finally. He grabbed thalias hand and tried pulling her forward but she kept to where she stood. He looked back at her surprised. Her spiky black hair swished with the wind. Her face held total despair, which only made Luke want to fix anything that was making her sad. She had three even scratches over her left cheek, but even that couldn't make her any less beautiful then she was. Her leather jacket had saved her from the worst of the attacks but she still looked hurt. "Go, Luke." She stood planted to the ground looking at him petrified. "What are you doing? Were almost there." he looked back at the columns that Grover had run past into the safety of the camp to get help. Annabeth was almost there but she could still be hunted down easily. "There's no way your going to get there. They'll catch you. They want me. They always have wanted me." She shook her head as tears began to flood down her cheeks. "Go get help, I'll stay and fight. You'll have a better chance of surviving if I do this." She tapped her bracelet and spoke its name, and then her shield reappeared. Electricity crackled around her but she didn't seam to notice. She looked back behind her bravely. Luke couldn't breath, and it wasn't because of the running. He didn't want to loose her. He was too attached to her, and if he had to say it then he would even say he was in love with this black haired blue eyed girl. He thought it ridicules for a fourteen boy to be so infatuated with a girl who was two years younger then him but after she had been the only one he could depend on and it was the same for her that he had begun to love this girl. Annabeth had only made there bonds stronger like a couple bonding over a child. The furies screeched out in the night under the full moon. They had recollected themselves from the surprise attack from the blinded hellhound and now they were searching for there targets who were just standing on the top of half-blood hill as if they were asking to be killed. Luke swallowed hard and grabbed Thalias free hand. She gasped and looked back at him like he had just appeared right in front of her. "No, we can make it if we run now." Tears streamed down her face which only made her blue eyes brighter under the full moon light. "No, we can't. You can, but I can't." She looked back at the hellhounds who were running up the hill and would be there in seconds. "Go, Luke. They only want me, Hades is angry for some reason that I'm alive. He wants me dead, they only want me. Protect Annabeth." Somehow she kept a calm expression. She shoved him away from her but he still had her hand. He couldn't just leave her here to fight the monsters alone. "No, I'm staying. You won't die today; no one will accept those filthy monsters." Her eyes widened then she wrapped her arms around him and kissed him. It shocked him but he just melted and went with it. He had dreamed guiltily about kissing her and calling her his one day and this could be the day. Her lips were soft just like he thought they would be. Electricity hummed around her making the hair on his arms stand up, it was exhilarating and he loved it. He loved her. He kissed her back wrapping his arms around her waist. She was the only thing he had ever wanted, a person who he could love and she would love him back. Her shield was still in her hand that was behind his back, her other one was around his neck that was moving down to his chest slowly. He rubbed her back feeling her smooth skin under her ripped and torn shirt and jacket. She moaned a little then her eyes shot open and pain flared up in his chest. He went flying and tumbled away from her down the hill. The sky and the ground got swirled together as he tumbled down the hill. When he stopped rolling he looked up and found the girl he had just had in his arms slashing at two of the Furies who hovered in front of her up on the top of the hill. He got up to his feet dizzy and his chest throbbing. He looked down and found his shirt black and partially charred around where he was hit. Thalia seduced him into kissing her then blasted him with a bit of her electricity to get him away from the monsters. She was protecting him; even though he was suppose to be doing that for her. He looked back to her petrified. She had her spear in her hand now and was jabbing at a hellhound; she jumped out the way but only into the range of another. She was doing okay now but she couldn't do it forever. He had to go get help he decided. He ran down the hill half stumbling half running past all the trees. He would look at the gate then look back at Thalia to make sure she was okay. Annabeth had just reached the gate and Grover was long gone past it. He looked back up the hill. Thalia had three Hellhounds around her and a fury had its claws wrapped around her shoulder of her jacket where she was hovering in the air a few feet. Come on idiot! He screamed at himself. He ran and ran, jumping over roots daring to trip him or past trees acting like obstacles for Luke. His heart pumped and his body responded to his screaming head. She's going to die if you don't hurry up! He stumbled the last part when he reached the columns. He looked back up to Thalia. She stabbed a Hellhound turning it to dust with her spear but another took its place next to her. Now that he wasn't up there he could see just how many hellhounds there were. Thalia was the little speck that was hacking at everything around her then there were hellhounds at every side of her plus more. The furies cackled as they swung there whips that danced like flames at her and she would cry out in pain but kept hacking with her spear and kept the monsters at bay with her