The Malfoy Brothers By: SKFerguson1771 AN : Alright so this is my first attempt at a Harry Potter fanfic so I'm a little nervous about it, but here it goes. Please do not forget that I only write fanfiction so it is going to very OC and not really follow the books outside of certain big events such as the Sorcerer's Stone and the Chamber of Secrets and maybe parts of the Prisoner of Azkaban. This will be a darkish Dumbledore fic with light Malfoys. There will be some Ron bashing and Gryffindor bashing. As you can probably assume this is a fic where Harry runs away from the Dursley's after Vernon takes it too far with a beating and he runs away. A sibling relationship with Draco nothing more; Draco ends up being a very overprotective big brother towards him after learning of his past. Alright I'm done talking so on with the show, Ja ne! Chapter 1 "Boy!" yelled Vernon Dursley his face turning purple as he looked around the immaculate kitchen with the fridge wide open. A small, malnourished child with wild and spiky hair rushed out of his cupboard not wanting to anger his uncle anymore. He stands at attention in front of the large man shaking as he says in a quiet voice. "Yes, uncle Vernon?" "What have I told you about getting into the fridge?!" The bulbous man as he glared down at the boy who's shaking had increased as he looked up at the man towering over him. "WELL!?" "N-not t-to-to." He said, his body shaking increased as he built up the courage to say. "B-but I did-didn't Uncle V-Vernon…I-I've been i-in my r-r-room." Then the boy felt pain in his ribs as he was pushed to the ground and kicked in the side, before he was grabbed by his throat and pushed against the wall as his uncle put his face right in front of his and say in a deathly calm voice. "Are you calling me a liar boy? Well little freak, are you?" The boy's face showed only fear as he continued shaking with soft whimpers added in-between the soft groans of pain as he says. "N-no of c-course not…" He was cut off as his back was slammed even harder into the wall causing the child to cry out as he heard a crack and the man tightened his grip around his neck cutting off his air supply as he says in a sickly-sweet voice. "Really…because it sounds like the freak is contradicting me and you know what happens to freaks when they misbehave…I've got to beat the freakiness and insolence out of them." Right after he says this he drops the child to the ground with a soft thud sending him into a coughing fit. He holds his arm as he tries to back away only for Vernon to punch him hard in the face breaking his glasses and sending him sprawling on the ground. Vernon walks towards the boy menacingly as he says. "I'm going to enjoy this boy…you are going to feel pain and maybe then you will learn your lesson." The child looked around the room franticly only for him to here Vernon chuckle before saying. "Petunia's not here to stop me boy, she and Dudley are at the park, I'm not even supposed to be home I "forgot" my lunch and needed to come back for it." The boy began to shake as he realized that there was no one there to stop his uncle from hurting him, like really hurt him. As he thought this he felt two hands around his neck shaking him before he was once more dropped to the ground and kicked repeatedly in the ribs. His shirt was ripped off showing how malnourished he was causing the man to laugh as the telltale sound of a belt being removed before he heard it whistling through the air, crying out as it made contact with his naked skin. This continued until the boy passed out, the man left him passed out on the ground before he sees Petunia and tells her that he wants to take her and Dudley out to the country and that he had left the boy with Mrs. Figg for a few days. 6 Hours Later The boy finally stirs with tried blood caking his head and back, wincing he gets up and walks to his cupboard, grabbing his backpack and what few possessions he has as he changes clothes. He does not know how long he has before his relatives get home but he knows he can't stay there anymore, his uncle would kill him next time. He goes to the fridge and the drawers to grab some food and water before he puts on his 'too big' jumper and walks outside the house into the night. ' I can't stay here anymore. I don't know where I will go and I don't care, but anywhere is better than here. ' Thought the child as he began to walk down Privet Drive setting to leave Little Whinging, Surrey for a new start and a new life not knowing that in doing so he has changed history. 1 Week Later We find the child in a wooded area near London, as he ends towards a place he hopes he can find a family in. As he walks he stumbles into a bush as he hears. " Hey watch your ssstep! " He looks around and sees a snake before saying. " I'm sssory I didn't sssee you. " The snake looks at the boy intrigued and says. " You ssspeak the language of mine kin little ssserpent. " The boy looks startled before he puts it together and cries out. " Blimey, I can talk to sssnakesss! " This causes the little black serpent to look amused and reply. " Yesss you can and sssurprisingly well for one who hasss just discovered the ability. " The child looks at the snake and smiles, this is the first creature that has ever been nice to him, before asking. " Are there othersss like me? " The snake shook its head before replying. " Not anymore or if they do they do not tell. It isss looked down upon now to be a ssserpent ssspeaker. " This causes the child to look sad before he looks at the snake and asks. " Do you have a name? " Looking amused he looks at the curious child in front of him who he is beginning to like and says. " Namesss be a powerful thing little ssserpent, but you may have mine; it isss Magnusss. " The boy smiles and says. " My name isss… " and then he pauses realizing that he is unsure of his own name at five years. With sad eyes, he looks at the snake and softly replies. " I don't know my name I was always called boy or freak by my relativesss. I remember at one point being called Harry but that doesn't seem to be it I don't think otherwise why not call me that? " This causes Magnus to look at the child he felt a connection with and slithers onto his humans arm before settling around his neck. " Well you intressst me little ssserpent ssso I am ssstaying with you. " The child looks at the snake in shock before he smiles and nods before getting up and walking towards the way he hopes it London, wanting to start a new life with his new friend Magnus. 4 Months Later It was a very cold day in Diagon Alley a week before the Yule holiday and Narcissia and Lucius Malfoy are walking down the wizarding shopping center looking for a gift for their 8 year old son Draco. He was the apple of their eyes always wanting to spend time with them or his godfather Severus to learn more about the magical world that they lived in. Narcissia sighed contently in her husband's arms as she looked around them seeing the hustle of wizarding families, some with their children others with arms filled to the brim with presents. "Such a deep sigh love, is there something on your mind?" Asks Lucius as he leads his wife towards a little restaurant called the Serpent's Den , a restaurant that a friend of theirs, Melinda Parkinson who was a Slytherin. "I'm just so happy to be with you, to be a mother of Draco, to be able to do what we do with are son and each other." She says as she pecks her husband on the lips. "I just feel so bless-" A sound from the little alley next the restaurant that sounded like a child, interrupted her and drew her attention away from the restaurant as she and her husband walked towards the sound and are shocked at what they see. A young boy covered in dirt with spiky hair and a snake curled around his neck. He was shivering badly and out of instinct Lucius took off his cloak and wrapped it around the child and snake. The snake hissed pathetically as Lucius looked at it and said. "I'm going to help your human, I promise." The snake stared into his eyes before nodding as he lifted the little boy up, troubled by how light he was. He turned to his wife who nodded as they apparated to their manor. They arrived in their large and beautiful manner with the child and serpent running to a spare bedroom before calling out "Severus!" Laying the boy on the bed as the potion's master walked in staring in shock at the scene before him be for taking out his wand and running a diagnosis charm on the boy. As he read through the report in front of him he is horrified at what he is reading. Gender: Male Age: 8 Current Ailments: Hypothermia Pneumonia Malnutrition Past Ailments/Injuries: Fractured Ribs (Age 8) Separated Shoulder (Age 8) Back Lacerations (Age 8) Minor Concussion (Age 8) Burned Forearm (Age 7) Broken Wrist (Age 6) Animal Bite (Age 5) Broken Nose (Age 5,4, &3) The two elder Malfoys are in shock as they hear the magnitude of injuries that are being listed off, it is then that Narcissia pushes back the boy's long and matted hair to see a scar on his forehead, not just any scar though one that the Wizarding World knows all too well as it marked the child in front of them as Harry James Potter, the-Boy-who-Lived. "Bloody hell!" Swore Lucius as he looked at his closest friend who had a look of pure horror on his face, while his wife just looked like she was going to be sick. Severus summoned some potion vials and spelled them into the child just as Draco walked in with a despondent Dobby behind him. The little boy gasped when he saw the little boy on the bed. "Mum, Papa, Uncle Sev…who is he, what happened to him?" asked the child as he looked at the younger boy with tears in his not knowing how someone could do this to a child. "Dobby I thought I told you to keep Draco in his room." Said Severus as he watched Narcissia picked up Draco and took him back to his room while Lucius went to call Serenity Malfoy, a skilled medi-witch and his younger sister to help them with Potter. "Dobby tries, Mr. Snape sir, but young master was too fast for Dobby." Says the elf with tears in his green eyes as he awaited his punishment only for Severus to sigh and say. "Dobby do not punish yourself I want you to be Potter's elf when he wakes up alright? He won't be able to do much for himself for a while so he is going to need help." "I think that is an excellent idea." Stated Lucius as he walked back