Can You Imagine? Carlisle's POV "How long?" My wife of twenty-five years demanded to know. "How long, Carlisle?" "A few months," I whispered. I had never intended this...getting caught or the affair. I loved Esme. We had two, incredible children together. When I pictured my future, we were sitting on a swing, watching our grandkids running around our yard. I pictured us dying together because living without each other would be too painful. It was her. It had always been her. Except when it was Heidi. The new, much younger nurse at the hospital. At first, I never thought much of her. She was only a little bit older than our eldest son, Jasper. She'd just finished nursing school and had just moved to New York from somewhere in Texas. I mean, don't get me wrong, she was beautiful and I imagined guys were throwing themselves at her. But, I was married. She was just a pretty girl and there was no way in hell I'd even look at her that way. And then I did. We had been working on saving an eleven-year-old who was an innocent victim of a horrific accident. Her Mom just wanted to take her to get some ice cream when some drunk man ran in the middle of the road. The mother swerved to avoid hitting the man but ended wrapping her car around a pole. She died instantly, and the daughter was barely alive when the EMT's arrived. We tried for hours to save her life, replenishing her blood supply and doing CPR until we were exhausted. I just wanted to save her because...she was so young and had her entire life in front of her. And...her poor father who was waiting for us to come and tell him his beautiful daughter was alive. Life just wasn't that kind, though. And eventually, I had to call time of death. "Time of death..." I trailed off as I look down at the little girl lying on the table. "Ten twenty-two p.m." I ripped my gloves off and ran from the room into the nearest bathroom. I was a doctor and had lost a handful of children before. It was an awful thing that came with being a doctor in a hospital. But this one...this little girl hit me hard and I just couldn't get a grip. But I needed to get a grip. There was a man pacing around the waiting room for me to come and tell him what happened. I didn't want to do it, but I had to. I took one last shaky breath and went out to where he was waiting with people I assumed to be his parents. "How is she?" He jumped out of his seat and ran over to me. "How's my Maddie?" "Sir, we...we did everything we could," I told him and he stepped away from me. "Where is she?" "Sir, the damage caused by the accident was just too severe," I whispered, barely able to look him in the eyes. "We tried everything, but we just couldn't bring her back. I'm so sorry." "No," He cried as the couple who'd been sitting with him pulled him back to his chair. "NO!" He cried and I could feel my heart shattering for him. I silently backed away from them and retreated to the nearby supply closet. I buried my face in my hands and started to cry for the things she'd never do. I didn't know what had come over me, but I couldn't help it. I usually didn't get emotional about my patients not making it, but this kid just got to me. It brought back terrible memories of the time Esme and my youngest, Edward got into a fender bender when he was thirteen. It was nothing serious, and the worst that happened was Edward had a bit of whiplash. But, as I looked down at that little girl I couldn't help but remember that day. I couldn't help feel sorry for the father who'd lost his wife and child in one, swift movement. For the family that had been broken. My family was everything and I never wanted to know what kind of pain that poor father was in. It had to be unbearable and I felt as if I was partly responsible for it. "You okay?" I heard Heidi's soft voice from behind me. I wiped my face and then turned around to face her. She was covered in the little girl's blood, and when I looked down at my white coat and light blue button down shirt, I realized I was also covered in her blood. "Yeah," I lied. "We should get back to work," I tried pushing past her because I just needed to do something productive so I just felt a little bit useful. "Carlisle?" She asked before reaching out and grabbing my arm. It was strange. She's never called me by my first name before. I cocked an eyebrow in confusion at her as she pulled me close to her and then ran her hands up my chest. "Heidi, no," I argued. There were flashing red lights and loud sirens going off in my head. I needed to get out of this closet. "I'm married." And I was her boss. "So?" She asked, pushing my coat off my shoulders. "I have a boyfriend. But that doesn't mean we can't have a little fun," "Heidi, I'm happily married," I told her as she began to unbutton my shirt. My breathing started to pick up as she continued to unbutton my shirt...I really needed to get out of there. Then, she reached down and cupped me through my pants and I hissed. It shouldn't have felt good, but damn did it feel good. "Then why are you hard for another woman?" She asked as she gripped my shirt and pulled me closer to her. I pulled her scrubs off her body and told her to turn around. I couldn't look at her as we did this. I should have walked away at that moment, but she grabbed my dick and positioned it at her entrance. I growled as I entered her and shut my eyes. It was quick and dirty, but it didn't matter how fast we went. I was a cheater. I had never felt more like a pig than I did as I pulled my clothes back on. She promised she wouldn't tell anyone and I told her this was never going to happen again. After I was dressed, I bolted for the bathroom and threw up. I had just cheated on my beautiful, perfect wife. I had an amazing life and an amazing family. I had just broken that within a few minutes of pleasure. I knew better than to get sucked into what had happened, but my head just wasn't thinking. That was no excuse though. I went home and was thankful my wife were already asleep. I climbed into bed and turned away from Esme, unable to look at her. If I looked at her, I would start crying and then she'd wake up. I fell asleep and had nightmares all night of what I'd done. I promised that nothing like that was ever going to happen and I was going to be a better mad for Esme. The next morning, I got up before Esme to go for a run to clear my head and when I got back, I could hear her in the kitchen. I ran upstairs to get showered and hoped she would be on her way out the door when I got out. I hated this. I didn't want to avoid her, but I couldn't risk blabbing about what happened. We'd always been honest with each other, but I couldn't tell her this. It would break us. But, she wasn't even dressed when I got out of the shower and she gave me a classic smile as I padded into the kitchen. "Morning, honey," She smiled as I poured myself a cup of coffee. "Morning," I avoided eye contact with her. "You got home late last night," I froze, praying and hoping I didn't smell like Heidi. "There was a bad accident that came in around nine," I explained. "And we lost the little girl and I just needed...time to clear my head before coming home." "Awe, sweetie, I'm sure that was hard," She came over to me and ran her hands through my damp hair. This was my second chance. I vowed to myself that I would never let Heidi get that close to me again. We didn't stop though. At first, it would happen after a rough night in the ER and it always ended with me running to the bathroom to throw up. The guilt never was awful and I never stopped feeling guilty, but she was just so damn alluring. I turned into someone completely different when she was around me and I forgot about the ring on my left finger. I forgot about my vows for the time we were together, and then I remembered who I was when we were finished. With my demanding job, my family never expected anything was going on. I was staying at the hospital with Heidi in my office, but they never guessed. I always just told them things were hectic and we were short staffed. That was true. We were short staffed...for about two weeks. Then they hired a new doctor and we were fully staffed again. But, my family didn't know that and I spent my nights, buried deep inside someone who wasn't my wife. "A few months?" She yelled, picking up the coffee mug that was sitting on my desk. "You've been fucking another woman for a few months?" she screeched, throwing the mug at me. "Esme..." My worst fear had come true that afternoon when Esme decided to surprise me with lunch. Heidi's schedule had been altered and we didn't work together at night anymore. She worked mornings and left only an hour after I got there. At first, I thought this was the sign we needed to stop what we were doing. And it worked for a while. But then, this afternoon, I found her sitting on my desk, and she was only in her underwear. I dropped the charts I was carrying and walked over to her. "Fuck," I mumbled as she pushed my coat off my shoulders and I reached around to unclasp her bra. I had forgotten to lock the door. We hadn't gotten very far when Esme opened the door, but she wasn't dumb. My white coat was on the floor, my shirt was unbuttoned, and Heidi's legs were wrapped around my waist. Not to mention Heidi was practically naked. We jumped apart so fast and Heidi looked absolutely mortified as she gathered her things and ran out of my office. I was pretty certain she had no idea that the person who just walked in on us was my wife. "I think you should just sleep here tonight." She whispered, tears streaming down her cheeks. I felt awful. She was in so much pain and I was the one to cause that pain. I had crushed her. "Please, Esme." I pleaded, walking over to her and grabbing her hand. I couldn't lose her. I wouldn't make it without her. "Don't fucking touch me!" She yelled, pulling back and turning away from me. "You promised me you'd never do what Marcus did to my sister." I cringed at the memory of when Claire came to our house in tears when she found out her fiance had been sleeping with their neighbor. "You made vows to me! We're married, Carlisle!" "I know." I didn't know what to even say. I hated myself just as much as she did. "Don't come home tonight." She shook her head, bending down and grabbing her purse from the ground. "Or tomorrow night." "Esme," We needed