Anywhere I Would Have Followed You Bella's POV Growing up in the suburbs of New York had been something of a dream for me. Good Chinese food was never too far away, the shopping was always incredible, and there was never a dull moment. Especially since I lived next door to Emmett McCarty. He was the dreamboat all the girls wanted, even in the third grade. He could have had anyone, could have been friends with anyone. But, he chose me. The second our moms planned a play date for us when we were three we were inseparable. Even in middle school when his friends would tease him for having a girl best friend, he stuck by my side. The girls were jealous of me and never fully understood why he chose me. I was nothing special. Average at best. I mean, I wasn't ugly by a long shot and sometimes, my hair cooperated and I looked great. But, for the most part I dressed for comfort and pulled my hair up in a ponytail. That's one of the things Emmett always said he loved about me. He told me some of the girls at Bronxville High were trying too hard and that wasn't what he wanted in a girl. Sometimes, he made me think he wanted...me in that way. I mean, why would a guy hang out with a girl so much without wanting to get anything? But, Emmett never saw me like that. He always saw me as just as a friend and it was hard sometimes. He would always be my best friend, but sometimes...okay all the time...I wanted more. I was completely in love with him, and as smart as he was, he would never understand how much I loved him. It was difficult, but somehow I managed to cope with the multiple girls he would go on dates with. He never told me the details about the date and I was thankful for that. It was just sort of an understanding we had with each other that we wouldn't always tell each other everything. Sophomore year was a hard year, though. He finally got up the courage to ask out Rosalie Hale, the girl he'd been head over heels for since the eighth grade when she moved here. She agreed and one date turned into ten and ten dates turned into a year and a half long relationship. It was hell watching them together, but he was happy. Happier than I'd ever seen him so I guess it wasn't the worst thing that could have happened. After the breakup, Emmett started getting more serious about school and his football career. Ohio State had been his dream ever since his dad took him to a game in the seventh grade. He had always been a decent student and he did try. But, it wasn't until Rosalie ripped his heart out and danced on it that he decided what was actually important in his life. He wanted to go to OSU, play football, and study athletic training. It was the dream and he was going to do everything and anything he could to make that dream come true. We spent countless hours with SAT prep books, AP practice tests, and time at the football field, allowing him more practice time. Soon enough, it was time to send in the application and I've never seen Emmett so nervous and shaky before. It was cute as I watched him pace back and forth, waiting for the envelopes to come. Finally, at the beginning of April, we got our college acceptance letters back. I sighed in relief as I read mine. I had been accepted to Cornell University and I had to keep myself from crying. I looked over at Emmett and couldn't tell what he was thinking. He was just staring at his page. "Emmett?" I asked softly, walking over to him. I touched his shoulder and he turned to face me. A giant grin spread across his face and he wrapped his arms tightly around my waist. He picked me up and spun around, over and over again until I had to yell at him to stop. "I did it." He shouted as he handed me the letter. I smiled as I read the top line that said he'd been admitted to OSU with a football scholarship. From there, everything fell into place. He took me to prom like he'd promised in the ninth grade and I fell even more in love with him. I didn't think it was possible, but it happened. It was that night though that I realized how good of a friend I had and that if we were anything more...it would possibly ruin that. I knew I'd always harbor feelings for him, but I knew if it was supposed to happen it would eventually. Graduation came and went and it was time to start our last summer together. September would be the first time since that first play date that we would be separated for more than two weeks for vacations and other random things. It was hard to cope with that, but we weren't going to waist our summer being sad. We went to the county fair, Coney Island, explored the Jersey Shore up close and personal and did pretty much anything and everything a tourist would do when visiting New York. It was the perfect summer. Up until the accident. Emmett had gone to a party with his team from high school for one last banger before they went their separate ways at the end of August. Emmett decided to be DD since he didn't want another lecture from his parents, and since no one else was willing to be responsible that night. It wasn't until that morning that I learned about what had happened that night. I went downstairs and found my parents and brother, Jarod, standing and staring at the TV. "What's going on?" I asked when I saw my mom crying. I looked at the TV and it was playing a commercial. I looked at my parents and they looked at each other and nodded. "Mom?" "Jarod, please go upstairs." Dad whispered and for once, my little brother didn't obnoxiously argue with him. "Let's sit down." "You're scaring me..." I told them with a shaky voice. I followed them to the kitchen table and I could tell my mom was fighting tears again. "Bella, there was an accident last night. A hit and run." Dad told me, and I could see his eyes filling with tears. My mind immediately went to Emmett, and I started breathing heavily. I knew he went to that party, and I knew he wasn't planning on drinking. But... "Jessica was hit by a car late last night." "Jessica?" I asked. I had known Jessica since the seventh grade when she moved here from the big city. We were good friends until Emmett didn't call her after their date in the ninth grade. She concluded that I had gotten to him and convinced him not to date her. I tried telling her that I had never had anything to do with whom he went out with, but she chose to ignore me. "Sweetie...Jessica was killed last night." Mom choked out. "No she wasn't." I argued. "There was a party at her house last night. Emmett went, mom." I told her. "She was at her house at her party. "Bella," Mom cried. "She was drunk and she went wondering around with a couple of kids from that party. The accident happened only a mile down the road." "The cops said that she was drunk and she probably didn't know where she was and she wasn't paying attention to the road." I couldn't take anymore of them telling me lies so I went to the TV and turned the volume up. It was the big story today and it was on every news station. The news faded back onto the screen and my heart dropped. After they talked about the weather and how well the Yankee's did last night, each newscaster took a deep break and turned towards a new camera angle. I listened as they told the story of how Jessica was killed. They told us what they knew about the accident, and what they were still trying to figure out. It happened at two in the morning. She died almost instantly. Whoever hit her drove off, and they were still looking for clues. "I'm so sorry, baby." I heard dad say behind me as he touched my shoulder, trying to comfort me. I shrugged him away and ran outside. I sat down on the steps of my front porch and buried my face in my knees. I sobbed until there were no more tears and until I thought I was gonna be sick. Even though I never really liked Jessica, I couldn't imagine dying the way she did. She was a smart girl; she was going to the University of Pittsburgh to study Psychology. She had dreams, just like the rest of our class, and now those were gone. Someone took those away from her. I looked up and saw Emmett's jeep in the driveway, looking banged up and dented. I shrugged my shoulders, figuring anything could have happened last night and made my way across the yard. I rung the doorbell, but no one came to the door. I kept ringing the doorbell, just needing a big bear hug from him. Eventually, the doorknob turned and the door swung open. Emmett was standing there, his eyes puffy and sunken in like he'd been crying. "Emmett?" I asked cautiously. "It was me." He whispered. "I did it." "Did what?" I asked as my heart began pounding. "I hit Jess with my car. I killed her." He told me and I thought I was going to be sick. I pulled myself together and pushed him inside the house, people didn't need to be hearing our conversation. "No you didn't." I argued. "You didn't do that because you're a good driver and you weren't drinking last night." "Bella," He whispered, looking at me with that look. That look he always gave me when he knew he did something wrong when we were kids. It was the look he gave me when he got into a fight with Felix in the forth grade. It was the look he gave me when he pranked the school sophomore year. It was the look he gave me when he slept with Tanya, our friend Edward's girlfriend. "Oh my god." I said, as my breathing became fast and short. "You…you did it. You killed Jessica." "Bella, please." He begged. "Were you drinking?" I asked as I backed away from him and began pacing around his living room. "I had a few." He shrugged, looking disgusted with himself. "Three. I had three drinks." "You were DD…" "Alec told me he would drive at the last minute." He explained. "So, I had a few drinks and when I found him…he was completely shit faced. I was the only one of us who was the slightest bit sober." "But you weren't sober!" I screamed at him. "You were drinking, Emmett! Why didn't you just call me?" "I wasn't thinking clearly. I thought you'd be asleep and I didn't want you to have to explain to your parents that you were going to pick my drunk ass up." "I would have done it and you know it." I told him. "I would have called you a cab or stole the car or stole your parents care if I had to. I would have come and helped and you know that!" "I know, Bella." He whispered as he sat down on the arm of the couch. "Okay, so you were driving drunk…why'd you drive away?" I asked, my eyes filling with tears. "I know drunk Emmett, and he's still pretty smart." "I just…didn't know what to