Chapter One: Everybody's Got a Story I wasn't usually one to brag, but by the time senior year started I felt that I was finally allowed. I had the straight A's everyone worked for, the friends everyone wanted, and the girlfriend everyone wished they had. It also helped that my dad was the Chief at the hospital and my mom owned one of the most successful stores in town. I was living comfortably to say the least. I pulled into the school parking lot in my new car and felt like a king. Sure, there were kids who had gotten a car for their sixteenth birthday and I had just gotten this as an early graduation/birthday present. It was just nice not to have to drive the mom mobile around town and to not have to rely on Emmett for a ride to school. I parked in the spot next to where Emmett parks and pulled the keys out of the ignition. I unbuckled by seatbelt and got out of the car just as I heard someone's obnoxious car horn. I laughed when I looked and saw Emmett pulling into the lot, trying way too hard to be cool. "Nice car, bro." Emmett eventually said as he inspected it. "I didn't picture you as a...Volvo guy though." "I didn't get to pick it." I shrugged. If I had my choice, I probably would have gone for something a little less preppy and clean. But, a car was a car and I knew this car was safe which made my mom happy. "But, at least I don't have to drive the mom mobile around anymore. "Amen!" Emmett laughed as I turned and saw Rosalie's car pulling into the lot. Emmett began to drool just a bit, and I had to nudge him. Even though him and Rosalie had been dating for over a year, he was still drooling all over her. I laughed at him every time, but he just said he couldn't help it. I smiled when I saw the passenger door open. She was beautiful, but today was somehow different. She got out and looked over to meet my gaze. She smiled as she slung her bag over her shoulders and made her way over to me. "Hey, you." She whispered as I bent down and brushed my lips over hers. Tanya and I started dating at the end of our freshman year. We had known each other practically our entire lives since her dad helped my mom buy the store, and we had always just been friends. I mean, I always liked her and I'm pretty sure she'd always liked me, but it wasn't until Emmett dared me to ask her on a date when I finally got the balls to make a move. Thankfully, she said yes and I didn't have to live through Emmett tormenting me that I'd been rejected. From that date at the pizza place, we had been almost inseparable. "You guys literally saw each other a week and a half ago." Rosalie scolded as she moved towards Emmett. Tonya has been on a bunch of college visits on the east coast, which meant we were spending more time apart. With our family vacations, and all of our visits we hardly saw each other over break. "It was a long ten days." I defended as I laced my fingers through hers and we made our way inside. We'd almost gotten inside when we heard the harsh engine of a beat up red truck. I turned and saw her parking the truck at the far side of the parking lot. "She should really get that thing fixed." Emmett noted as Tonya tugged on my arm to pull me inside. "It really doesn't sound safe." "Please, you think she has the money to get it fixed." Rosalie laughed. Rosalie was a good person and she was one of my best friends. But, sometimes she could really be a brat. In her defense, though, her home life was not a good one. Her dad was a high up lawyer who was hardly ever home and her mother didn't hide that she liked a drink...all the time. "Rosalie," I said gently. If I was being honest, I was kind of the odd ball out in my circle of friends. Sometimes, my friends didn't have a very good filter and I always felt bad when they started picking on people like Bella who didn't have very much money. In Forks, you either had a lot of money, or barely any money. There really wasn't much of an in between. "It is true." Rosalie defended, but shrugged her shoulders in apology. "Where the hell is Jasper?" Emmett asked exasperated as he slammed his locker shut. Emmett, Jasper, and I had been best friends since sixth grade when Jasper's family moved her from Seattle. When we sat with him, we kind of just wanted to find out why anyone with good money would willingly move to Forks. We got our answer, but from then on we were the three amigos. Literally we went as the three amigos for a Halloween party in eighth grade. "Probably making out with Alice." Tanya giggled as she settled herself against my chest. I wrapped my arms around her from behind and held her protectively. I wasn't sure what we were going to do after graduation, but we promised we would figure it out. She wanted to follow in her mothers footsteps and become a zoologist one day. Her top choice of school was Cornell, which was good because it was relatively close to Boston which was where Harvard was. It was kind of a right of passage for me to go to Harvard. My great grandfather, grandfather, and father went there and if I didn't, I would be breaking some sort of code they had. Don't get me wrong, I loved Harvard and I was excited for it, but sometimes I wished I could just go anywhere I wanted and be anything I wanted. Harvard Med School was the next step after college graduation. From high school all the way to med school my future had been planned out for me before I was even born. I was a Cullen man and Cullen men went to Harvard and became doctors. I had accepted that was my future and I was okay with that. But, as I heard everyone talk about schools and majors and dream jobs, I wished I at least had the choice of Harvard and being a doctor. "There they are!" Emmett shouted as Alice and Jasper finally waltzed in the door. They got lucky this time because they actually had two minutes to spare for the bell rang and the school locked the front doors. "Where have you two been?" Rosalie poked as her and Tonya went to her locked with her. "Jasper?" I asked when he couldn't stop grinning at us. "What did you do?" "We did it." He said excitedly as he opened his locker. "Like she came over last night and we were making out and then...we did it." "Way to go." Emmett congratulated as he clapped him on his back. I was a little surprised since they'd only been dating for six months, but they seemed to really care about each other. "Was it good?" "Hell yeah it was good." Jasper nodded. "Weren't your parents home?" I asked. Jasper's parents weren't strict, but I know they didn't let him and Alice in his room with the door shut. "Nope they had to make an emergency trip to Seattle." He explained. Jasper's family moved here when his mom got tired of the city life and the traffic and the noise. His fathers company though was still in Seattle, and he worked from hime to keep it going. "Our little Jazzy is all grown up." Emmett mocked as he pretended to wipe his eyes of fake tears. "Now we just gotta get Edward laid." "Emmett!" I scowled. But, he had a point. Believe me, I wanted to have sex with Tanya, but she wasn't ready yet. I tried not to push her, but she continued to tell me she didn't know when she'd be ready and to be patient with her. "Excuse me." I heard an annoyed voice said from behind me. I turned and saw Bella standing there, looking more angry than normal. "This is my locker!" She spat and I apologized and stepped away. She was one of the people in this school that I just couldn't figure out. She had moved here freshman year and hadn't made any attempt to make friends. The only person I'd ever seen her with was Jacob, who technically didn't even go to this school. When he wasn't around, she kept to herself and skipped more class than anyone could count. She never wore any color and kind of looked like she was going to a funeral everyday. "She needs to get a grip." Jasper sighed as we walked away towards our separate homerooms. Alice was the only one in my homeroom, and it was really hard not to just stare and smile at her. "Get a grip, Edward." She sighed as she sat down next to me. "I know you know that we had sex last night." "Sorry," I laughed as our homeroom teacher came in and sat down at her desk. She took attendance and we listened to the daily announcements before being let go to our first period class. I didn't know whose brilliant idea it was to put AP Chemistry first period, but I headed to the science wing of the building. I took my seat next to Tanya and behind Jasper and took my three subject notebook out of my bag. Emmett walked in just as the bell rang and smiled as he sat down next to me. Emmett was one of the smartest athletes in the school, but he was also one of the laziest. Sometimes I didn't know how they let him take as many AP classes that he was. We were starting to get to the good stuff in chemistry, so the time didn't pass as slow as it sometimes did. The morning went pretty quickly and I was happy when the lunch bell finally rung. Since my computer class was right next to the cafeteria, I beat most everyone there. I set my bag at the table we always sat at and headed up to the line. Today I was regretting not taking my moms offer to pack me a lunch since it was fish sticks or a dry hamburger. I took my chances with the burger and went to grab a drink. "Four dollars for some greasy fish sticks and a bottle of water?" Bella asked as she stood in front of the cashier. "That's bullshit." "I'm sorry, sweetie, but there isn't anything I can do." The lady apologized. "Fuck this." Bella cursed as she started to storm off. "Hold up!" I called and fished my wallet out of my pocket. "For hers and mine, please." I said as I gave the lunch lady a ten. She thanked me and gave me my one dollar change. I grabbed the tray Bella abandoned and walked over to hand it to her. The cafeteria was beginning to fill up, and she looked at me like I was an alien. "Why?" She asked as she took the tray from me. "I don't need your charity." "It was just a favor, Bella." I shrugged. "I'll pay you back." She tried to argue. "It's fine. Four dollars isn't a big deal." I told her. "Yeah, for a rich boy like you with her doctor dad." She snarled and stormed away. I stood there, unsure what to do exactly until someone shoved into me. I saw that it was Jasper and I followed him back to the table. I watched as Bella sat down by herself on the