The dust kicked up by my horses feet tickled my nose and made my already gritty eyes feel worse. The horse underneath me snorted tiredly, his coat white with sweat. The sun beat down on both of us making my mouth dry and skin feel cracked. My water skin was bone dry and there was no water for another 2 miles. Ahead of me stood a glimmering city, it's whiteness almost blinding in the stifling heat of the day. Banner dropped on the turrets as no wind stirred on the scorching summer day. Guards who from this distance looked like ants scuttling along the tops of the city had already spotted me. The lone rider in the distance trotting along the deserted road to Minas Tirith. I had pulled out of my bag the small banner I used to approach city and it was well known in these parts. The banner of the Stewards was not to be missed, neither I, the personal messenger rider of the family, could be mistaken for anyone else. I kicked my spurs into my tired mount who obliged me by breaking into a steady canter. The young brown horse underneath me was near exhausted and I couldn't blame him. I felt the same way having made the trip to Dol Amroth and back in just 5 days. The young horse had done well though and I was impressed enough to have him join my small string of horses. My name is Devera and I am the personal messenger of Lord Denethor, the Steward of Gondor. My father had been the personal weapons and horseman tutor of his sons as younger men. Originally from Rohan, my mother passed away when I was a small girl. My father back in Rohan had a similar position teaching the King's guard. To escape his grief he packed our small belongings up and ridden to Gondor within a week of my mother being buried. He'd marched into the throne room of Lord Denethor unnoticed and simply asked for the position. Initially turned away from it, the gods must have been smiling upon us. A mere day later a summons had been received from Denethor and my father had the job. With no mother and no other siblings to keep an eye on me I had to tag along with my father at work. Boromir and Faramir were already young men and took delight in becoming brothers to me. Thus my connection with the family started. When we moved to Gondor I was already an accomplished rider. As soon as I could sit upright as a young babe I'd been sitting in front of my father in the saddle. This resulted in my riding skills not going unnoticed by the time I was a young woman. With no substantial dowry and no real marriage prospects as my father seemed to scare most of them away. Denethor had taken pity on me and started asking me to run messages for him. The small amount of extra money had been a welcome independence and soon turned into a full fledged job. A messenger had been sick and I had jumped at the chance to ride to Osgiliath. From there, I hadn't looked back. After my father died 2 years previously Denethor had been kind enough to let me stay in the palace. Perhaps kindness was not his main priority, of late I'd been roused out of bed at all hours. In the last 2 months I'd spent a mere week at home and I was in desperate need for a break. The huge gates of Minas Tirith opened up in front of me and the guards greeted me politely. I slowed my horse down to a walk to maneuverer through the busy streets. As always, even in the midday sun, the markets were alive with activity in the lower circles. The air filled with various smells of exotic spices, fresh bread, cooking meat and some other less than savoury scents. My favourite stall was close to the gates and I did my customary stop. The old lady who's name I never knew greeted me with a kind smile. Her teeth long gone with age and her wrinkled face always seemed to light up with kindness no matter what customer she had with her. She handed me a carefully wrapped sweet bun without me even having to ask. The smell of honey and far away spices filled my nose and my stomach grumbled instantly. I fumbled around in my belt pouch for the required money and as always came out with the right amount. The old lady waved my coin away with a gentle smile. "This one is not as fresh as it should be, no coin today." As always I tried to protest but she pressed the bun firmly into my hand and waved off my protests. I always paid her for her amazing baked goods however there were some days where she refused payment. It always made me feel guilty as she was living on one of the lower levels of the city. It was notorious for the poverty and rough living until you reached the 4th ring where the lesser merchants started to live. Like her name, I had no actual idea of where she lived, nor what her life was really like. My life in the upper levels may have been more privileged than most. A roof over my head and hot meals when I needed them were a luxury for some. I was very fortunate to have both. As I wound up through the various gates of the city my weariness increased. I barely noticed the activity around me. The daily motion of people passing in nothing but a colourful blur. The weariness I felt wasn't one just of body, but also of mind. Although I was never privy to all the information Denethor passed on I knew better than most the goings on of the gleaming walls of the city. I had outrun 2 bands of Orcs just the previous week. Although not unheard of to hear of smalls bands attacking travellers, this had become a regular occurrence. What was smalls bands, hungry and desperate were now well formed ranks. Disciplined and waiting for the ideal target to pounce upon. I was of little concern to them and they left me alone. My horses too fast and the small bow I carried could fire a warning shot easily. I was no expert shot with my bow however it kept the orcs well away from me and also served as an easy way to hunt dinner. The less supplies I carried the faster my horses could run. One could call these Orcs attacks simply coincidence however the whispers of an approaching war reached many ears. The growing shadow from the land of Mordor had begun to nibble at the edges of Gondor. Villages in Rohan were under attack by well equipped and well organised Orcs and Wild Men. Theodred, the king of Rohan's son, had met me on the road several times on my trips to Edoras. Always grim and heavily armed these days, the light hearted boy I knew from my youth was gone. His reports were similar to those of everywhere else I had been. Little by little did these small bands of attacks nibble at the edge of everyone. Dol Amroth fought off Cosair attacks daily and had reported Haradrim seen to be moving towards Mordor. 6 months previously Denethor bade me to ride to Rivendell in search of news in the North. I made it to the first guard post of Rivendell before being promptly turned around by none other than the legendary sons of Elrond. Unperturbed by their actions I simply set up camp within what I hoped had been sight of their guard post. 3 days later they begrudgingly took Denethor's message to their father after seeing no signs of me moving. Within a day I had my response and rode long and hard for 3 weeks to get home. When I delivered the message to Denethor, he locked himself in his study and refused to come out for 2 days. In the end Boromir had broken down the door to get him out. It had taken nearly a week for Denethor to then speak to anyone. After the 6th gate the stables were now in sight. I heaved a sigh of relief as my horse wearily stumbled into the courtyard. The sound of iron clad hooves on the pavers caused grooms to come running out of the shade of the stables. Dismounting I handed the reins to the groom and gave the young horse a long pat. He had done me proud and now deserved a break in the paddock. All of the messengers horses were regularly rotated from the city stables to a farm halfway between Gondor and Rohan. The lush pastures and rolling fields rejuvenated not only their bodies, but also their minds. My young horse had been at the stables for a little over 3 months now. Longer than I usually would like to keep a young one in training. I was hoping to personally ride him to the farm once he'd recovered sufficiently from his journey. While there I might also get a few days break. After a kind word to the young stableboy I began what always felt like the longest walk of my life. If I had an urgent message I would ride straight to the palace and a groom would come to collect my horse for me. However the news from Prince Imrahil was not urgent and I would spare my horses legs for today. I paused only long enough to refill my water flask from the stable well and began the long walk. Unlike the lower levels of the city, the upper rings were quiet at this time of day. Ladies and Men of the court sheltered out of the heat only to emerge when the sun had sufficiently dimmed so not to wreck their fair complexions. My spurs jangled softly and my well worn leather boots creaked as they kicked up soft clouds of dirt. I had slung my saddlebags over my shoulder, they were on small concern today as they carried little more than a letter. My supplies long gone and the nights were pleasant enough to simply wrap myself in a cloak if I chose to sleep outdoors. I had nearly emptied my water flask within 100 yards of my walk. After a bitter long winter and a frosty spring, summer seemed to make the most of drying the country out while it still could. By the time I'd reached the 7th gate I was exhausted and sweating profusely. The guards shot me a pitied look as they let me through without question. I smiled in thanks and continued what could only be called a trudge to my quarters. The palace, like outside, was quiet in the heat of the day. Only the occasional servant could be seen scuttling around in their usual haste. I ignored them except for a kind smile to the ones I knew and liked. Along the way to my room I passed Boromir's door. I hesitated slightly in front of it before knocking loudly. Pausing for a minute I waited for any sign of activity before shrugging my shoulders and moving on. It would have been a rare occurrence for Boromir to be in his rooms at this time of day. I wasn't even sure why I had bothered knocking in the first place. I opened my room with an audible sigh of relief. Dumping my saddlebags on the floor beside my bed I flopped down on it in relief. Fumbling around I managed to kick off my boots. I groaned in pleasure as the leather was relieved off my feet and I could wiggle my toes freely. I knew I couldn't lay there for