Al bit his lip and watched the train apprehensively, as if waiting for it to leap from the tracks and start gobbling up students. Harry glanced at the train, then at his wife, who was watching him expectantly. He placed a gentle hand on his son's shoulder and said, "Luna, why don't you check on James and Ariadne? I'll come find you in a moment." Luna nodded, and with a final smile for her youngest son, wove through the crowd toward the engine, Ariadne's favorite place to go before boarding. "All right, son?" Al tore his gaze from the train and turned to face his father. Any thoughts of lying were tossed aside when he saw the concern in his Dad's eyes. Al sighed. "Not really." "What are you thinking about?" Al sighed again. "It's just…I really liked being with you and Mum, just the three of us." Harry nodded. "Your Mum and I have enjoyed these last few years more than you know. We're certainly not trying to get rid of you," he added with a grin. ''I promise you this: Hogwarts will be far more exciting than our house." Al's eyes were on his shoes. "I like our house." Harry knelt down and tried to catch his son's eye. "It'll still be there when you come back for Christmas." He gestured back toward the train. "There are plenty of kids over there just waiting to be Albus Potter's new friend and have grand adventures at school. What's holding you back?" Al looked up hesitantly, a swirl of emotion clouding his hazel eyes. "What if there isn't room for another Potter?" "There's a place for every child at Hogwarts, Al," Harry said firmly, "even if a dozen Potters showed up next year to be Sorted." Smiling, he added, "There are still two Houses left, you know, if you'd like one all to yourself." Al cast him a sidelong glance. "You won't be upset, no matter which one I get?" Harry shook his head. "Not one bit." "And you won't forget about me once I go away to school?" Harry put a hand on each shoulder, making sure he had Al's full attention. "Have I ever told you what your name means?" Al nodded. "I know who they were; Aunt Hermione showed me their chapters in James' schoolbooks ages ago." "Those names may refer to other people, people it was an honor for me to know, but the names themselves mean something, too. 'Albus' comes from a Roman word that means 'white' or 'light'." "What does Cedric mean?" Al asked curiously. "'Cedric'", Harry continued, "means 'bounty'." Al scratched his head. "So what does that mean?" "It means that you , Albus Cedric Potter, are my light and my treasure, and nothing will ever change that. Even if you were the youngest of ten and the only one Sorted into Slytherin, you'd still be my Albus, and I'd love you just the same. Do you believe me?" Al nodded and threw his arms around Harry's neck. "Love you, too, Dad," he said, and Harry held him tight a moment more before getting to his feet. "Tell Mum I said I love you, won't you?" Al asked. "And that I'll be watching." Harry nodded, wishing, as always, that he could be privy to Luna's night-before-term conversations with the children. "Of course. Shall we head over, then?" Al stood up a bit straighter and grabbed the handle of his trunk; lifting the other end, Harry followed Al and helped him lift the trunk up the steps. "Write us when you get there, please? And remember to keep an open mind about everyone you meet." Al shoved his trunk into the hallway. "Okay, Dad." "Listen to your teachers, and don't be afraid to ask questions. Keep an eye on your sister, please, you know how she is. And if you ever need help, talk to Professor Longbottom-" "Bye, Dad!" Al called, disappearing down the corridor. "And let me know if anything strange or mysterious happens!" Harry called, scanning the windows for a flash of dark hair. "It's very important! Al?" "Harry." He turned to find Hermione at his side, an amused look on her face. Laughing, Ron threw an arm around his shoulder and said, "That's the last time you'll get to give that speech. Don't worry, mate; he'll be fine." Harry rolled his eyes. "I say the same thing to James every year. Sometimes he seems awfully dense for a Ravenclaw. Was I ever that stubborn? No, don't answer that," Harry said with a sigh; Hermione bit her lip to keep from laughing herself. Al and Ariadne suddenly appeared in a nearby window, dragging a disgruntled James behind them. Harry felt a hand take his; turning, he smiled at his wife. It was time for them to go. Harry grinned up at his children as they leaned out the window, waving and calling out their last farewells. "Bye, Mum! Bye, Dad! We'll write soon!" Harry raised a hand in farewell, and Luna did the same. A moment later, the pair had vanished, and the Potters found themselves waving down at the Weasleys. "Take care, you lot!" their Uncle Ron called up to them. "We'll keep an eye on your parents while you're away, keep them out of trouble." "See you at Christmas!" Hermione said with a wave, and then they were gone as well. Al knew they left quickly so the other children didn't get distracted by the War Heroes in their midst, but that didn't keep him from feeling bereft as he found himself looking down at a platform full of strangers. James immediately straightened and clapped him on the back. "Best be off. Good luck, Al, see you at dinner!" As he ducked into the hallway, he called, "Keep an eye on him, won't you, A?" Ariadne shook her head, then turned to Al with a smile. "Eleanor and I like to go up and down the cars and say hello to everyone. Would you like to come?" Al shook his head, rather terrified of meeting the entire student body before he'd even found a seat. "I think I'll just find some first years to sit with," he said. Ariadne tapped her chin thoughtfully. "I think I saw a few sitting three cars down," she said, pointing. "Would you like an escort?" "No, you go find Eleanor, I'll be okay." With an airy wave, Ariadne skipped off, leaving Al alone in the corridor. Taking a deep breath, he gripped his trunk handle and trudged toward the car Ariadne had mentioned, hoping it wasn't full of seventh year Slytherins, or worse, James, who would probably ignore him, while his Ravenclaw friends felt sorry for the poor friendless first year, already lost on day one… open mind, open mind, open mind , he chanted silently. When he reached the open door, he squared his shoulders, held his head high, and stepped into the compartment. Seven heads turned his way as conversation ceased; the room had certainly filled up since his sister had wandered by. As there seemed to be a few inches of space available on the bench to his left and no one had shouted for him to get lost, Al asked the group at large, "Is there any more room, or should I…" "Go ahead," one of the boys said, nodding toward the bench, and the others murmured their assent as everyone on that side of the compartment scooted over to make room. "It's no use, anyway," a girl with long brown braids added as Al squeezed onto the bench, laying his trunk at his feet. "It sounds as if the seventh years are having an epic row over who stole who's boyfriends and are taking more than their fair share of compartments." "They told us all to shove off, so here we are," said a tanned boy with dark blond hair by the window. "The next room over is just as packed." "I suppose we should go around and say our names again," said a girl with dark curls. "I'm Sarah. What's your name?" The blond boy snorted. "You mean you don't recognize him? Who else could he be but-" "I'm Albus," Al said hastily. "But you can call me Al. Have I missed anything exciting?" The others introduced themselves and the group fell into easy conversation, alternating between Quidditch, football, annoying siblings, and Batman. Two Muggleborn boys quickly bonded over their shared love of the various animated series; Al happily showed them an old Justice League comic he had brought from home in case the train ride had proven to be a lonely one. When the witch pushing the snack trolley stuck her head into their compartment, she was shocked by the size and overall cheerfulness of their group, and was quickly bombarded with requests for various sweets. After munching on their snacks in peaceful silence for a few minutes, Libby, a girl across from Al, asked softly, "What do you think it will be like?" The others paused, exchanging nervous looks. Sarah glanced around the group, then said hesitantly, "I heard the school is in a castle ." The Muggleborn boys exchanged wonder-filled looks, and all three looked up nervously, as if waiting for the others to laugh. Al watched the rest of the group closely, waiting for someone to make a scathing remark; the blond by the window was the first to speak. "It's true," he said, grinning. "Like nothing you've ever seen. My Great-Grandfather supposedly found a room where up was down and you could walk on the ceiling; I can't wait to see for myself." "My sister says there are towers and turrets and dungeons, just like in old stories," said the girl with the braids, her voice filled with awe, and the others murmured appreciatively. A boy to Al's left was watching the blond suspiciously. "What did you say your name was?" He shrugged. "Eddie." When the other boy raised an eyebrow, he rolled his eyes. "Is that how we're playing it, then? Fine. I'll confess to being a Burke if he admits he's a Potter," he said, nodding in Al's direction. The Batman fan next to Sarah looked back and forth between them nervously. "Is that important?" Al put his hands on his shaking knees and said firmly, "No, it's not. It just means Eddie here will always win out when things are done alphabetically. Hopefully he won't lord it over the rest of us when he gets his exams back first." Al grinned as the others chuckled, even earning a small smile from Eddie Burke. "We first years need to stick together, or the older kids will walk all over us," Agnes, the girl with the braids, added firmly, and the others nodded. The boy who called out Eddie shook his head. "It's a little late for that, wouldn't you say?" he asked, gesturing around the cramped room. The others sighed and grumbled. "And how are we supposed to change into our school robes without trampling one another?" Al turned to him and said, "Actually, you've just given me an idea…" With a final wave to the others, Albus and the other boy stepped cautiously into the hallway. He reintroduced himself as Charlie Corner, saying, "After all of the stories I've heard, I can't believe everyone's being so nice. My Uncle got into a fistfight on his first day when some tosser called him names." He gave Al a rueful smile. "Guess I shouldn't go looking for my own fights." "You can redeem yourself by helping me clear out this compartment," Al said with a grin, peering cautiously through the glass at the three seventh years chatting inside. "Follow my lead." Stomping his feet to sound like he'd been running, he shouted, "You won't believe what I just saw! There's a duel going on up near the engine, and a huge crowd is egging them on!" "Yeah, they're really going at it,"