Hey everyone this story came to me head a few days ago so I decided to write it out and share it with you ! Ps. I own nothing except the plot and any OC characters. Also I know that Annabeth apparently has a half brother who is Athena's son but I will ignore that fact as I had never read the books and I'm not planning on it as some idiots decided to spoil them to me ! I have only seen the movies and that will sadly have to be enough for me. Chapter 1 I Have a What ? Annabeth Chase the daughter of the Greek Goddess Athena and a mortal human Frederick Chase always thought that she is Athena's only child. Not that she would mind if she was not. She already has two half-brothers Matthew and Bobby. But it was nice to think that she is the the only important person in someone's life. But she would have never dream of what she was about find out on this hot Jully Summer day. When Mr.D and Chiron summoned Annabeth to their headquarters she was not worried as she knew she did nothing wrong. But she still wondered what might be the reason behind it. "So what crime have you committed Wise Girl ?" Percy Jackson the son of Poseidon and her boyfriend asked. "The only crime I can ever be accused of is hanging out with you Seaweed Brain." She turned around to look him in the eye. When she turned back Chiron was standing before her. "Hello Sir. I was summoned to see you and Mr.D. Did something happened ?"She asked him. "No not really we just have some news for you. You are also about to meet someone you would never thought exist. After all myself and Dionysus had no idea he did." Chiron explained nervously. "What are you talking about Sir ?" Annabeth asked confused. A Few Min Later "What !" Annabeth shouted. "Are you kidding me ?" She asked. "Sadly no. I'm not my child." Chiron responded. At the same time Percy laughed. "Now you won't be able to make fun of me for bonding with my brother. Now you have one too !" He said while still laughing. "Percy you are my favorite student that's why I'm warning you to stop that. After all you really don't want to make fun out of a full fledged Greek God who holds his own place in the meeting room." Chiron warned him. "What do you mean by full fledged ?" Annabeth asked and Percy froze. "Exactly what it means my child you brother. The only other child of Athena is a full god. His father is a God too." Chiron explained. Annabeth just stood there in shock and so did Percy. "I know that's a shock to you but he is here now. Would you like to meet him ?" Chiron asked but there was no response from Annabeth. "If you don't want to you don't have to. You can have as much time as you want to think about it. He said so himself. But all I can say about him now is that he is is one of the nicest full gods I have meet in a very long time." Chiron add. Another few minutes passed and there was still no word coming from Annabeth. Chiron sighted and turned around to leave. "I will tell him you want some time. You can leave now." He said. "Stop." Annabeth called out. Chiron turned to face her once again. "I want to meet him. I have some questions and I doubt you or Mr.D will be able to answer them." Annabeth said. Chiron nod his head at her and motion for her to follow him. "Percy I advise you to wait for her somewhere else." He added looking over at the son of the Ocean God. Inside Mr.D Office "Really ?" Annabeth heard Mr.D asked. "Yes no kidding." She heard someone respon. For some reason his voice sounded strangely familiar. "And it works every time ?" Mr.D asked. "It should." The voice respanded again. In that moment Chiron and Annabeth entered the room. Mr.D turned to them. "Chiron you won't believe it. That guy showed me a trick that makes any non alcoholic drink tastes like one." He said with a smile. "And how did you manage that ?" Chiron asked shocked. "It's just a simple little spell I learned from reading the diaries of the great Wizard Merlin. He used that trick all the time with grape juice that was served during the meeting of the round table instead of real wine. Believe it or not King Arthur and his knights were drunks." The young man explained. "Isn't it fantastic ?" Mr.D asked. "I can taste alcohol without really getting drunk." He quickly added. "Do you see this Zeus ?!" Mr.D shouted while looking at the sealing. "Your own blood your own grandson is helping me !" He shouted. The other people in the room just stood there not sure how to react. But Annabeth looked at the man that is supposedly her brother for most of the time instead of bothering about what's going on around her. He was tall and quite thin but not too thin. He had very light brown hair cut short enough with a fringe. His eyes were light green and were behind a pair glasses. They were a bit shaded and Annabeth was able to say that they must be photochromic and that meant he had an actual sight problem. He wore a navy blue suit with a white shirt with no vest. His shirt was tucked into his trousers which was normal while wearing a suit. He finished everything off with a velvet red tie that was standing out a bit to be honest. He must have sense that Annabeth was watching him because he turned to her and smiled. Chiron spot that and remembered what he is here for. "Well Annabeth as I told you before you have a half-brother this is him." He said and motion at the man standing before them. Mr.D on the other hand was busy drinking his orange juice. He really did miss the taste of alcohol. "Maybe you two should go outside." Chiron advies. They both nod their heads and left. Outside When they exit the building Annabeth turned to him. He did the same thing. "My name is Arthur Strings it's really nice to finally meet you." He said and brought his hand out. "I'm Annabeth Chase." Was all Annabeth said and place her hand in his. She was surprised when instead of shooking it he bend down and kissed it. "Old school." She thought. "No one has to be as smart as our mother to guess that you have a lot of questions." He said. "And I can answer every single one of them. No matter how hard they will be." He added and smiled at her once again. "Thank you but I don't want to talk here. I really hoped that we could talk in Mr.D's office. As there is too many people here." She explained. "Well in that case we can leave the camp if you wish. My car is not to far away from here. We can go wherever you want including Olimp. I have a house and all there. Also as you probably know who does a Greek God invites into his house is their and their business only. So in shortage as long as you say you are coming over to visit me you can enter and leave Olimp as you please." He smiled at her once again. And she just looked at him. "Normally I would decline since I know you for a few minutes but for some odd reason I trust you." She said. "So why not." She smiled back at him. "Great I will tell Mr.D and Chiron that I will be taking you away for a little bit. Inside Mr.D's Office "Excuse me but I would like to take Annabeth for a ride. I promise to return her before carefue." Arthur just popped his head threw the door. Both Chiron and Mr.D turn around to him. "Normally we shouldn't allow that. But since you are a Full God. The son of the two smartest ones on top of that we can make a little exception for you." Chiron said. "And thanks to you I can drink again. I own you kid." Mr.D said. Arthur just laughed and thank the two. Back Outside "All settled we are free to go." Arthur said exiting the building. Annabeth smiled and they head for the main entrance gate. When they were halfway there Arthur hid his left hand in his pocket and caught the edge of his suit coat with his right like it was done centuries ago and Annabeth immediately wrapped her own hand around his from the back. ( You know the way couples walked around in the 19th and 20th centuries .) He giggled at that. "What is it ?" Annabeth asked. "Oh it's nothing really. It's just that mom does the exact same thing." Arthur explained and pointed and their hands. "Oh sorry." She said and take her hand away. "No no that's not what I meant." He said and he placed her hand back where it was. "It's just that it reminds me of our mom. She does that all the time with everyone. Me, my dad, even grandpa and some of our aunts like Aphrodite or Artemis and uncles like Ares or Hermes." Arthur explained. "Whenever she is walking somewhere with someone she makes them walk there like that." Once again he pointed at their hands. "Wow. I never thought that she would." Annabeth stated surprised. "I know right." He said. "And I really don't mind it. Me and my wife walk around like that everywhere we go. So don't be afraid any time you want we can walk like that I don't mind the slightest." He smiled at her once again. "Wait you are married ?" Annabeth asked shocked. "Yes. I also have a 3 year old son. His name is Zane." Arthur stated. "Oh. And who is your wife if I may ask ?" She asked. "Hey I told you I will answer every question." He reminded her. "She is the daughter of Thor the king of Asgard and the son of Odin. Her name is Tiana." He said. "I had no idea Thor has children." Annabeth stated. "So did I until I met her." He said in a cheery tone. From then on they were quiet until they reached the car as a lot of people was looking over at them. In The Car "So where do you want to go ?" Arthur asked. "How about Olimp as you proposed. I haven't been there in a while." Annabeth admitted. "As you wish my fair maiden." He said and start the engine. "Fair Maiden really ?" She asked. "So how am I supposed to apply to you. We know each other for too short for me to call you sis or something or to call you dear, sweetheart and things like that. Like I call some of our cousins." He asked. "Just Annabeth will be fine." She answered. "That I thought of it just didn't suit that phrase." He said. Annabeth just smile. "So do you want to know anything more or is the fact that you are a lot like mom and that I'm married and you are an aunt to some extend enough for you ?" He asked. "Ok then who is your father ?" She asked. Arthur smiled. "Apollo the God of knowledge, music, arts, crafts, archery, sun,light and so on." He answered. "Wow." Was all Annabeth said. "And...How did...How…" Annabeth was afraid to ask that question as she was afraid of possible hurting Arthur because after all he