A/N - Hello! It seems like it's been forever since I've written anything, but I've finally coaxed the Muse into cooperating enough to get this new story started. While this will ultimately be a Remus/Hermione pairing, it will be a slow burn and Hermione and Ron will be together at first. It is also a story about healing and recovery after the war so there will be a lot of angst and sadness, especially here at the beginning. Right now I am planning on updating once a week, but I only have five chapters written and my Muse has been rather fickle this past year, so I'm not promising that schedule will continue. Thank you to my Falcons - MaryRoyale, trollnexus and asebi, who beta'ed and reassured me when I had zero confidence. Go and read their stuff, they are all awesome! Enjoy and please let me know what you think! Chapter 1 1 August 1997 "Again," Voldemort demanded. Draco's arm shook with the effort to hold the curse, his face pale, his eyes wide. When Dolohov did not seem to be suffering enough for the Dark Lord's liking, he snarled and cast a slicing hex at Draco before turning his wand on Dolohov. "Crucio!" Voldemort shouted and Dolohov's body bowed and convulsed, his screams echoing off the walls of the drawing room. Voldemort wore an angry scowl as the Death Eater in front of him turned to his side and attempted to curl in on himself. Voldemort lowered his wand for a moment, allowing Dolohov to take in a great gasp of air. "M-my L-l-lord, pl-please," he managed. "You beg me after your continued failings, Dolohov?" Voldemort questioned. "You and Rowle have called me back for nothing and yet you expect me to be merciful?" He cast the curse again and Dolohov screamed for a few moments before his cries tapered to pitiful whimpers. A spreading puddle beneath him made the Dark Lord drop his wand again, scoffing in disgust. "Draco, clean that up," he spat. Draco managed to raise his wand, despite his bleeding arm, and cast a cleansing charm around the fallen Death Eater. Voldemort stared at the man on the floor in front of him, Rowle already having faced his displeasure. They'd had Potter in their hands and yet the idiots had let him escape again. Three teenagers had bested them. Voldemort roared out the curse once more and when he finally dropped it Dolohov was no longer making any noise. Voldemort kicked at the man with his foot and he rolled to his back, his eyes unfocused, his head lolling to the side. The Dark Lord pushed his way into Dolohov's mind for a moment and scowled once he had retreated. "Weak," he muttered under his breath after finding nothing coherent. It was rather disappointing; Dolohov had been with him from the beginning and was one of his more vicious followers. "Dispose of that," he said to the room at large. "And let this be a lesson to all of you. Lord Voldemort does not tolerate failures." He glided from the room and the Manor before taking flight and disappearing. Harry gasped as he pulled from the vision. "Harry, are you all right?" Hermione asked as she knocked on the bathroom door. "Fine, m'fine," Harry mumbled. He stood and turned on the tap, splashing a bit of water on his face. When he opened the door, Hermione was standing in the corridor, her arms crossed. "It was another one, wasn't it?" she demanded. "Yeah," Harry said with a sigh. "Harry-" she began, but he held up a hand to stop her. "I know, Hermione, all right. It's not like I can stop it." "You can!" she insisted. "Hermione, give it a rest, yeah?" Ron said as he came up behind her. He looked at Harry. "All right?" "Dolohov is dead or insane or something," Harry said. Ron looked at him in confusion while Hermione stiffened. "What do you mean?" "Voldemort tortured him with the Cruciatus," Harry explained. "Because we got away. He wasn't moving when Voldemort was finished." "He was the one," Ron said looking at Hermione. "In the Department of Mysteries, he was the one, right?" Hermione nodded. Ron's face hardened. "Well, good. One less that we have to deal with." Hermione looked as if she was going to protest, then closed her mouth and looked away. "C'mon, let's see if there's anything to eat around here." 2 May 1998 Remus shielded against another curse as he shot a stunner at the retreating Death Eater. The Death Eater crumpled to the ground and Remus ducked behind half a stone statue that had been blasted apart. Taking a breath, he looked around the courtyard. It only took him moments to realize that all the Death Eaters, as well as the creatures Voldemort had on his side, were retreating. Frowning, Remus wiped at a gash on his forehead as the disembodied voice began speaking. Remus shook his head at the end of Voldemort's little speech, knowing exactly what Harry would do. Remus needed to get back inside and find him before the boy did something stupid. As he hurried across the courtyard, a moan to his left made him pause. He drew his wand and listened; the noise seemed to be coming from behind a stone bench that had been broken in half. Remus approached quietly until he saw a pair of feet sticking out from underneath the bench's larger piece. Levitating the stone away, Remus was met with the sight of Cho Chang covered in blood, one leg clearly broken. Remus began to siphon the blood from her, looking for the source of the bleeding. He found it seconds later, a deep cut across her upper arm which he healed quickly. Her eyes fluttered open. "Professor?" she croaked. "It's all right," Remus assured her. "I'll take you to Madame Pomfrey." He muttered a stabilizing charm on her leg, but she still cried out in pain as he scooped her up into his arms. "I'm sorry," he said with a grimace. Mercifully, she seemed to pass out. Remus picked his way through the rubble of the courtyard as quickly as he dared while carrying her. It was remarkably empty, save one dead Death Eater whom Remus didn't recognize. Wondering where everyone had gone, he entered the side door into the corridor to the Entrance Hall. There was more rubble and debris here and Remus saw movement up ahead of him. It looked to be Kingsley carrying someone in as Remus was, although Remus was quite sure whoever Kingsley carried was dead. Remus once again thanked Merlin that he had been able to convince Dora to stay with Teddy. By the time Remus had reached the doors to the Great Hall, he was struggling to maintain his grip on Miss Chang. It wasn't that she was overly heavy, but the gash on Remus' forehead had started to bleed again and the spot on his back where he'd been hit by falling stone was throbbing. He stumbled into the Great Hall and sank down onto the floor. He eased Cho from his lap, conjuring a small pillow to put beneath her head. He looked around for Poppy but she was busy tending to another of the injured. He wiped at the blood on his face, the sleeve of his shirt now sodden with it. Grimacing, he muttered a Scourgify, then healed the cut as best he could without seeing it. He looked around the Hall. Pomona was only a few feet away, helping Poppy from the looks of it. He rose and started towards her, but then saw a sea of redheads in one corner and frowned. When Bill turned to the side slightly, tears on his cheeks, Remus gasped. "Pomona," he said as he reached her. "Miss Chang has a broken leg." He didn't wait for Pomona's response, but hurried towards the Weasleys. "Bill," he said, putting a hand on the younger man's arm. Bill turned to him, a tearful Fleur in his arms. "It's Fred," Bill managed and Remus' stomach dropped. "Is he-" Remus trailed off, not wanting to give voice to his thoughts. Fleur spoke up. "'e is dead," she said through her tears. "I'm so sorry," Remus said, getting a bit choked up himself. He had always been fond of the twins. Their pranks, of course, reminded him of his younger days, but they were also incredibly smart, smarter than anyone gave them credit for. Their shop was a thing of beauty, something he wished Sirius and James could have seen. Bill moved a bit and Remus could see George sitting on the floor, his twin's head in his lap. Molly was kneeling next to him, holding tightly to his hand. Both were sobbing. Arthur stood behind his wife, his hand on her shoulder, as he silently cried. Remus caught Arthur's eye and tried to convey his sorrow at Fred's passing through a look alone. Arthur nodded in acknowledgement and Remus suddenly felt as if he were trespassing. "I'm going to help Poppy," Remus said to Bill as he turned, although the other man did not seem as if he had even heard. Remus moved away from the Weasleys, searching the crowd again for Poppy. Given his lycanthropy, he was relatively well-versed in simple healing spells and figured that she could use the help. When he spotted her, she was bent over Firenze, working on a large wound in his flank. Remus began to make his way across the Hall, but before he was even halfway there, Kingsley stepped into his path. "Remus," he said, his deep voice seeming to quaver slightly. Remus looked at him, a bit surprised at the emotion on the usually stoic man's face. "Remus, I," he paused and took a breath. Something shifted in Remus' gut, but he refused to put name to it. "Have you seen Harry?" he asked instead, realizing he hadn't spotted the boy when he was looking for Poppy. "Harry?" Kingsley repeated. "No, I haven't. Remus there's something-" "We've got to find him Kingsley, make sure he doesn't go and do anything stupid." Remus turned away from the larger man and began to scan the Great Hall again, looking for Harry. "Remus," Kingsley said, putting a hand on his arm. Remus knew there was something wrong, but he refused to look back at the Auror. Kingsley sighed. "I need to speak with you. It's about Tonks." Remus finally turned, his brow furrowed. "Dora? She's at home with Teddy." "No, she isn't," Kingsley replied, his voice trembling again. "What are you talking about Kings? Of course she is." "Remus, she," Kingsley trailed off and shook his head. "Just come with me." He began to walk away, but Remus stayed where he was. He needed to find Harry. Kingsley didn't know what he was talking about. Dora was home with her mother and Teddy. Kingsley paused when he realized Remus wasn't behind him. He sighed and turned back, taking the werewolf gently by the arm until Remus was forced to follow. "Kingsley, we've really got to find Ha-" but Remus never finished what he planned to say. Kingsley had stopped moving and there, on the floor in front of him, lay Dora. But that was impossible. "I'm sorry, Remus," Kingsley said, but Remus shook his head. "This isn't…no this…it can't be." Kingsley's hand tightened on Remus' arm. Remus turned to him, confused expression on his face. "She's at home." "Remus, I'm sorry," Kingsley said again. "She must have come later." "No, she told me, she said," Remus looked down at the woman on the floor again. "She promised me." "Remus," Kingsley began, but Remus shook his head violently. "She said she would stay with Teddy," he insisted. "It's not her." Kingsley looked at him, pity in his eyes. "I'm telling you Kingsley, it's not her!" "Remus," another voice said and Remus turned to see Minerva standing beside