As a Wandmaker Directly inspired by Harry Potter by JK Rowling Characters derived from The Path by me ( First year complete ) Present Day Warmth and light from the seven everlasting candles poured over the mess of scrolls and parchment on my desk and over my tired face, keeping the outside chill of winter night at bay. I squinted at the list I had been scrawling on the paper before me: one phrase, ten words long, that was repeated over and over about fifteen times. Standing less than a foot from my forehead was a bowtruckle named Etik, my longtime companion, and he was holding a glass plate of water firmly over my work in his strong, sharp, twig-like arms. I touched the plate gently with my wand and Etik's cranberry-like eyes widened as the water lifted itself into a convex body. Seen through this, the words on the desk parchment grew twice their size and seemed to jump off the page so my tired eyes could relax. I touched the plate with my wand again, with a slightly different flick to my wrist, and Etik must have felt it suspend into the air of its own accord because he consented to removing his own grip. Satiated, I shifted my attention to a large textbook far to my right and began flipping rapidly through it. "Espial…" I muttered as my fingers danced around the pages. "Espionage… from espier… espiaille, in the French…" Grabbing my quill, I nudged the water plate a little to the side – it drifted obediently – and jotted down a couple notes. That's when I heard the knock at the door. My attention was startled rudely from the spell-in-progress and I looked nervously around my study for a moment as Etik hopped off the desk and ran toward the front entrance. I kept the room fairly spacious so my few prized pieces of "furniture" could bask in their own airy splendor. The main piece was my large aquarium tank which held several different aquatic beasts, including families of murtlap and plimpies—the former was valuable for my business, but both were capable of interacting with my magic. The table on which it stood was wide and held many fragments of soon-to-be-wands, from chunks of wood to scales, hairs, and whiskers of variety—many owners of which snoozed or played around me right now. Behind was my grand window to the blizzard outside, closed and curtain drawn for sake of night. On either side were my fire and iceplaces. Left and obvious, the fireplace was purring with a gentle glow and home to my fire salamanders. On the right was its cousin of my own invention: an iceplace. The same concept, it held a flurry of snow and ice, swirled like a gentle beach tide, fed on rock (preferably frozen), glowed a soft blue, and was a happy home to my frost salamanders. It was slowly becoming a commercial success among wizards in the Eastern desert countries with unforgiving summers. I slowly began walking around my desk toward the exit of my study, just as one of my golden snidgets swooped whimsically past, making a loop around the brass perch I had set up for what I thought would be my lifelong phoenix companion. Alas, after several days of respite in my home, the powerful, majestic creature took her departure and has not returned. Walking out the door, I crested the stairway in time to see Appa – my griffin – and Momo – my kneazle – trotting toward the entrance ahead of me. Etik had swung himself atop Momo's back, easily the gentler and more docile of the two, as I peered between the curtains of my front door. Behind me, I heard my wife, Sarah, walking softly up. "Josh?" She asked. "Are you expecting someone?" I shook my head in answer just as my eyes laid upon two warmly familiar faces, and my heart soared with curious happiness. "It's the Professor and Pofus!" I exclaimed to her, to which her face reflected a milder version of my own excitement. I opened the door and bade them quickly inside. "Come in, Professor Ecclesiastes, come in! And you too, Pofus, you must be frostbitten!" Sarah held Appa back from leaping at them and soothed the griffin's wings from unfolding. "Thank you, Josh, thank you," Professor Ecclesiastes responded tiredly but gratefully as he began removing his winter cloak, which I took from him as Sarah attended to Pofus. "I'm so sorry about this hour of visit. It wasn't intentional, but it's urgent that you find out." "Urgent?" I asked, throwing Sarah a worriedly look that she reciprocated, this time fully. "Yes. You see—have you heard of the recent kidnappings?" the Professor asked exasperatedly. "I have…" I replied slowly. "One of their bodies has turned up with very curious wounds – the Congress is investigating them as we speak – and another person has been kidnapped, Josh. It's—" "Mr. Evercare!" Pofus wailed, speaking for the first time so far. "Mr. Evercare's been kidnapped!" Wambleeska Year 1 Even though I'm the half-blood son of a Muggle and witch, my parents knew I was a wizard before I received my letter to Wambleeska: I had a very strong affinity to magic, especially in manipulating my environment. With my older sister being a Squib, my family couldn't have been more divided between worlds and all four of us (my father after meeting my mother, of course) gained extensive knowledge of both worlds during our lives together as a family. The arrival of my letter from Wambleeska (Sioux, White Eagle) was a very bittersweet day for my family. It had come in with the regular Tuesday morning mail and my father's eyes lit up as if he'd won the lottery. My mother had been going through her personal mail: flicking through levitating parchments with her wand while her owl sat perched a few feet from her chair, and iPad with an open Hotmail account sat in her lap, waiting for its turn for her to peruse her Muggle friends' messages and business reminders. My sister had just graduated from eighth grade the previous school semester; her 15 and me about to be 11. She was sitting at the dining table, listening to music on her phone, working on some homework from her summer school class that she was taking to get a little ahead in order to study abroad soon. I was sitting on the floor, focusing on a glass of water on the coffee table, trying to persuade it to ripple or change forms. My parents had both encouraged this; I had gained a certain level of control over the mysterious circumstances that had surrounded me my whole life. After my mom had successfully taught me to stop them, she proudly proceeded to help me create those of my choice—under careful control, of course. Therefore, when my father called my name in snappy excitement from five feet away, the startle caused me to knock my glass over. I was almost frustrated at the mess it made when I realized with glee that the water had frozen, and therefore not spilled. "Yeah, dad?" I asked, getting up and replacing the water on the table. I tried to will it to liquefy, but noticed it didn't respond as I turned my attention away. "Take a look at this, and show your mother!" I knew what it was before I even saw the letter. There's nothing else my dad would be this excited about. But the confirmation was still awing: the official Wambleeska seal, the Headmistress's name and title at the top, my name printed in beautiful old English script beneath, and then the message I had to consciously slow my brain down to read: " …pleased to inform… enclosed a list… we await your owl …" with the Deputy Headmaster's name at the bottom like a cherry on dessert. "Wambleeska!" I exclaimed, looking up to my dad, who bore an exaggerated smile. "Are you excited?" He asked. "No, this is probably one of the more boring moments of my summer," I told him sarcastically. "I'd rather be over there with Roxanne." I nodded over to my sister who was poring over a textbook. My mom had already rolled up the parchment she had been reading and, with a wave of her wand, had the letters stack themselves neatly on the floor next to her as she received the invitation from me and looked at it for herself. "Wambleeska, huh?" Roxanne called over from her place at the dining table. "That's pretty exciting! Are you ready to switch over your education?" "I think I am," I said confidently. "I really like what I've seen of magic and can't wait to learn more. Would you learn magic if you had the choice?" "You know, I don't know if I would," she said. "Magic is cool and convenient and all, but I prefer more hands-on stuff. Not having magic helps you relate to more people and you don't always have to depend on a wand. Plus I want to be a real-life nurse, and you don't need magic for that!" "I bet there are all sorts of healing spells!" I exclaimed. "And I bet none of them can match a real doctor with years of experience," she smiled. "Anyway, are you sad to move away?" "It'll be tough, leaving my old friends behind. And all of the Muggle world, huh?" I asked, turning to my mom. "That's right," she said, having just finished reading the invitation. "Wambleeska is completely magical. There's nothing Muggle there, certainly no technology, and none of the purebloods will know anything about the Muggle world! I certainly didn't before meeting your dad. Well, besides what I learned in Muggle Studies, of course." "And now we live mostly in the Muggle world, except on holidays," I finished, smiling at what I reflected on as our good fortune. "Yep, with the help of a few hiding spells and charms so our neighbors can't see my magic or yours. So you should perform perfectly well the other way around, son! I'm sure you'll fit in great with your peers at Wambleeska. And you'll be able to relate with people of every family!" And so it was with excitement and anxiety that my family took me, the following week, to Cyk Lake Market. After purchasing my robes, cauldron, first year's potion ingredients, and a snowy owl that had taken to me uncannily well, we encountered our first oddity of the school year at the wandmaker's shop. The owner was an older man who looked to be of Native American ancestry. He had thick gray hair that reached his chin on all sides and vaguely resembled a bomber hat. His suit was simple, gray like his hair, and patterned with thin white vertical stripes. After a solid half hour of trying different wands, the shopkeeper was still unsatisfied and my dad and sister had left to a café down the street. Books had been strewn everywhere, a window and multiple lightbulbs broken, winds had stirred a thick layer of papers on the ground, and several odd disembodied voices had even been heard. Mr. Evercare, as I had come to learn the shopkeeper's name through our difficulties, had disheveled several tall and, by the looks of them, carefully maintained stacks of wand boxes to the point that I felt pretty bad. The only consolation of the situation was that he stopped every ten minutes to help another customer, and even then there grew a line of two or three between each interval. A full hour after I'd come in, I was getting very worried. "This is incredibly rare, Mrs. Hatchlet," Mr. Evercare was telling my mother. "Wands usually aren't this particular. Although, you will be pleased to know that I don't sense that the wands are being picky—it's not that they don't want your son," he said, seeming to choose