The Broken Hearts Club Summary: "I'm not ready for this." She looks apologetic and scared and tiny, and he wants to give her a hug, even as she's speaking the truth of his own heart. (A Valentine's Day one-shot.) Rating: T Acknowledgement: A bottomless wineglass of thanks to HollettLA, who is all things amazing and awesome. Be my Valentine? A/N: This is just a quick Valentine's Day one-shot, something a little off the beaten path. (If you're looking for something more citrusy, check out last year's V-Day offering, "How Bella Got Her Groove Back.") Big, chocolate-covered, candy-heart-messaged smooches to all of you. xo . . . This is a mistake , she thinks to herself, glancing around at the sea of bar patrons paired up as if this were the loading dock for Noah's Ark. Nary a single to be found, not a group of three in the bunch. All pairs, duos, couples, leaning into each other like beams, postures curled together like parentheses, heads bent to murmur soft, secret words into ears. She has never felt so conspicuous. The wool turtleneck of her sweater dress scratches at the skin of her throat, and she had forgotten why she never wore this particular garment. Pinpricks of sweat gather at the small of her back, and she shifts uncomfortably on the leather barstool, debating the merits of fleeing. Suddenly, as she casts another glance around, she spies a head of hair above the sea of people, and her heart skips in her chest. It's him , she thinks for a split second before remembering that it can't be. And, when the crowd parts just enough for her to see his face as he bends and nuzzles the neck of a blond woman in a tight red dress, the disappointment is familiar in its crushing weight. Stupid, she silently scolds. It's been a while since she did that – hoped, even for the briefest of seconds – and she had very nearly forgotten the sharp pain that would slice through her when reality, swift and crushing, hit her. She bites the inside of her cheek and tears her gaze away from the couple, focusing instead on the untouched glass of wine before her, the bartender, the rainbow row of bottles against the wall…anything but the thick mist of love swirling around her like a dense fog. The lighting behind the bar has clearly been selected to complement the occasion – reds and pinks and purples – and it casts the skin of everyone standing nearby in odd color, making them all appear feverish. She's momentarily transported to high school, when students would be in a frenzy all day, wondering if there might be a secret admirer lurking in the wings, if there might be a rose taped to a locker door, if a girlfriend might finally agree that tonight was the night. A crash of hormones and desire and blind optimism reserved for that one day in the shortest month of the bleariest time of year. She had been guilty of it, too, even as logic suggested that few teenage boys would want a flat-chested, limp-haired, dull-eyed introvert, but still, she hoped. She hoped, and she was always disappointed – until he arrived in her life, all easy smiles and bright eyes and warm laughter. She had been twenty-one, longer than she would have liked to wait, but in the end, the wait was more than worth it. Her life once he was part of it became a constant flurry of happy moments: soft kisses pressed to the side of her neck, warm skin against hers beneath bed sheets, long fingers tangled with her own on the center console of the car. She had been one of these women, leaning into a tall man in a suit, giggling as he whispered something – usually mischievous – into the shell of her ear. Expectant, aflutter with love and joy and more than a smidge of lust. Now, she sits alone, watching the colored lights spill out over the crowd, her fingers idly playing with the stem of a glass of wine the color of blood. When her clutch purse vibrates in her lap, she pulls her phone out to see a text message from Rose. What are you wearing? She chews her lip as she taps out a reply, and when Rosalie's response – Perfect. Sexy but not slutty. Have a good time. We love you. – comes through, she is faintly reassured, even as the sudden desire to be at home in her sweatpants with her best friend and a movie crashes over her. I'm not ready for this , she thinks and debates typing, but instead she slips her phone back into her clutch. Rose has heard enough of her self-pity to last a lifetime; the last thing she intends to do is to infect her best friend's first married Valentine's Day with her own melancholy. Taking a cautious sip of her wine, she casts another glance around, almost immediately regretting it. This – the thick, heady syrup of love – is what she has hidden from for so long, and she feels raw and exposed, like a wound whose bandage has been ripped off before it has had enough time to heal. Once again she considers fleeing, but instead forces herself to remain seated and takes another measured sip from her glass. . . . This is a mistake, he thinks, stepping through the doors of the restaurant and glancing around, feeling immediately caged in. There are tiny spherical vases on every available surface holding clusters of red roses, and he can hear her voice in his head, see her eye-roll. Ugh. Red roses. Such a cliché. He remembers with a sharp pang how she'd admitted to him after their first Valentine's Day together that she hated red roses. When he'd asked what she did like, the enigmatic smile he'd fallen in love with had crept across her face. Surprise me, she had murmured, pressing a soft kiss to his mouth, brushing her hand across his chest. After that, every occasion had been something different: orchids for their second Valentine's Day. Violets and pink Gerbera daisies for the anniversary of their first date. A cluster of jonquils and tulips for Easter. A single, enormous sunflower for her birthday. When she had walked up a church aisle toward him holding a cluster of every single bloom he'd ever given her, his breath had caught in his throat as tears rose behind his eyes. Now he eyes the red roses with disappointment, even as he feels slightly guilty and more than a little ridiculous for casting his bitterness on something as innocuous as the restaurant décor. His eyes scan the restaurant, and a faint bell of alarm sounds somewhere in the recesses of his mind. This is exactly the type of scenario he tends to avoid, if only because he is painfully aware of the fact that his presence can make people feel awkward and uncomfortable. Double-dates don't work if you're a single, and, as fate would have it, every single one of his close friends is married. People don't quite know what to do with someone who is, for all intents and purposes, available but isn't interested in looking. It's as if society has programmed everyone to believe that anyone unattached must be looking to be paired up, and his protestations to the contrary are just one more thing that makes people uneasy. Emmett is the only one who has been content to just let him be , but even he seems to be beginning to think enough time has passed. Enough time , he thinks now, looking around at all of the happily paired people, tasting something faintly like panic at the back of his throat. Enough. Such a complicated word. Not enough time with her to be satisfied, not enough time since her to move on. Not enough, nowhere near enough. A part of him wants to turn on his heel and run, flee like a scared child back to the sanctity of his home – their home – and lose himself in memories, equal parts consoling and agonizing. As if in reprimand, his phone buzzes against the muscle of his thigh. Fishing it out, he sees Emmett's words appear on the screen. You'll be fine. Good luck, bro. He debates the merits of responding, but finds that he has nothing to say outside of a plea not to make him do this. But even thinking it makes him feel like the most pathetic kind of coward, and he slides the phone back into his pocket, surveying the bar. Everyone is paired off like it's a dance, and he scans the crowd until his eyes fall on a dark-haired woman sitting at the bar alone. Taking a deep breath, he steps forward. . . . "Excuse me, are you Bella?" She turns slowly, dark eyebrows arching slightly as she meets his gaze. She doesn't respond for a moment, and embarrassment begins to swirl and bubble low in his stomach like a cauldron until, finally, she nods. "Edward?" He mirrors her nod, jamming his hands into the pockets of his slacks before remembering how Kate used to tell him that the habit made him seem secretive, closed off, unapproachable. Uneasily, he pulls his hands back out, letting them hang awkwardly at his sides just as Bella extends one of her fine-boned hands toward him. "It's nice to meet you." But her eyes are wary, uncertain, and he finds he's mildly relieved to see his own reticence mirrored in her gaze. "Likewise." There's a moment of awkward silence, and he realizes swiftly, painfully, how completely out of practice he is at this. He met Kate when he was nineteen and married her when he was twenty-four, and he never stopped to consider that he's never really had to date anyone before. As such, he's at a loss as to what constitutes normal first-date conversation. So caught up in his own mild panic, he doesn't recognize a similar distress in her own eyes. She has no idea what to say, how to make polite, date-like conversation with a complete stranger, and for the millionth time, she aches for the familiarity of home and comfort and Ben. Ben . The simple thought of his name is enough to make her spine go rigid as if in response to a physical pain, and she sees him notice her flinch. "Sorry," she says when she realizes that she hadn't thought to save him a stool. She throws her hand out to gesture, but before the words can come to her lips, the back of her hand makes contact with the bowl of her wineglass, knocking it over; the sharp shatter of glass causes a momentary drop in the hum of conversation around them, and she feels her cheeks burn as she attempts to mop up the deep red liquid with her lone cocktail napkin. It's sodden in a matter of seconds as the puddle continues to spread across the dark surface of the bar, shards of glass glittering like pink diamonds. "Oh, God," she mutters under her breath, feeling ridiculous and stupid as tears sting her eyes. "Hey, don't worry about it," she hears Edward say, and in her peripheral vision she sees his long arm reach behind the bar to grab a small stack of cocktail napkins. "Here, let me." She watches as he wipes up her mess, the paper napkins turning burgundy, bleeding into the ambiance lighting as if they are another complement to the occasion. Even spilled wine is less out of place here than I am , she thinks bitterly, as the bartender appears to take the cluster of saturated napkins from Edward and swipe the broken glass away with a microfiber rag. "Can I get you a refill?" she asks, dumping the wad of soggy paper into a garbage can