The Prettiest Regret Rating: M. Summary: He looks like summer. He looks like freedom. He looks like the best kind of bad idea. Acknowledgement: This is where I should be thanking HollettLA for fixing my overabundance of semicolons, but instead I'm gonna go ahead and thank her for the ridiculous salted caramel Rice Krispie treat and chocolate-peanut-butter-Kit-Kat-crunch-bar recipes she just sent me. Because hooooooly balls. This is just a fun, smutty, summery little one-shot. If you're looking for a significantly detailed plot or a certain amount of depth, you may want to look elsewhere. Otherwise, welcome! Here's the thing about going away to college: you spend months feeling like you're out on your own, like you're finally living your life, like you're doing your thing, and you've left the trappings of your past behind. You go out and party. You sleep in other people's beds. You make adult decisions – or, at least, what feel like adult decisions when you're making them. You do a very good job convincing yourself that you're an honest-to-God, independent, grown-up. And with the doing of laundry, the buying of groceries, the balancing of checkbooks, it's a relatively easy thing to believe. And then comes summer. And you go home to a too-small bedroom in a too-small house in a too-small town, and you realize that the life you were living was mostly smoke screen. You cross a threshold to find parents who expect you to be the person you've always been, the person you were before you learned what freedom tasted like. You try to be patient with the raised eyebrows that come when you ask for coffee with breakfast instead of milk, with the piercing stare that lands on you when your mother finds your compact of birth control pills as she's returning a stack of clean towels to the bathroom cupboard. You try to squeeze back into an old skin, even if it never seemed to fit all that well the first time around. You try to remember what it felt like to be the girl who was afraid of the world, instead of the girl who was desperate to get back to living in it. You feel, with each passing day, like the new version of you is fading, yielding to the version of you that had existed for eighteen years prior: the one afraid of change, even as she was desperate for it. The one terrified of heights, even as she yearned to soar. The one who dreamed of grandiosity, even from the safety of her tiny little life. You pretend, but with every minute you spend pretending, the lie begins to feel a little more like the truth. And, day by day, you forget how to breathe. . . . I can't stand this town. I never could. It's suffocating and smothering, prying eyes and clutching hands. For as long as I can remember, it's been a place I wanted to escape. And I did. I escaped. Bright lights, big city – they called my name long and loud, and I answered. I went. I flew. And yet here I am, back in this nowhere town for three interminable months, pretending that my skin doesn't feel too small for my bones, pretending that I'm not being crushed beneath the weight of expectation. "Bella," my mother says the second Saturday I'm home. Her hair is carefully pinned away from her face, her white capri pants painstakingly ironed into precise creases, her sleeveless blouse the color of lemons. The Keds on her feet are a pristine white, and if I didn't know better, I'd think she'd never worn them outside the house. My mother is a JCPenney catalog summer spread. "I promised Pastor Weber that we'd do our booth at the carnival again this year." This is my mother's way of asking without asking – in years past, I've helped her sell her homemade soaps at the church flea market, which piggybacks on the annual carnival. My help has always been a foregone conclusion, and a protest wells up in me at the increasingly familiar sense that she's trying to stuff me back into a mold that no longer fits. But as different as I am, as much as I've grown, I still haven't quite figured out how to respectfully deny my mother's orders-disguised-as-requests, and I'm still searching for the words when she turns away with a curt nod, a dismissal, an unspoken acceptance of the agreement I didn't offer. I bite my tongue, and my silence tastes bitter. . . . The day is hot, the sun relentless, and I'm grateful that our table is beneath the shade of one of the looming trees that line the church parking lot. Mom's soap supply is dwindling, and she's abuzz with pleased satisfaction. It's the oddest thing, how the woman who once scoffed at organized religion and prayed to a sun god has embraced the structure of small-town Methodism, how she has become a Church Lady, baking and making soaps and shepherding potluck lunches and Bible study groups. I haven't missed the number of times today she's tossed disapproving looks at my tank top, which shows a barely-there amount of cleavage, but I refuse to do what I once would have done: take the bait, be the one to make a comment, give her an opening through which to actually voice her disapproval. Instead, I pretend not to notice her frowning at my boobs, and I smother the laugh that threatens to bubble up when a few of her patrons rather shamelessly ogle my tits. Her carefully lipsticked mouth pinches in a moue of disapproval, and I look away, smiling at her customers as I slip bars of honeysuckle-, lavender-, vanilla-scented soaps into paper sacks. A few times she tries to start inquisitions described as conversations, but after years of practice, I can identify when she's trying to bait me, and I resist, a small flicker of triumph surging through me with every successful deflection. Have you decided on a major yet? They say you should know going in to your sophomore year. Have you met any nice young men? I know you're smart enough be responsible about dating. How is living with that nosy roommate of yours? My mother, whose life is too bland for any genuine drama, likes to live vicariously through the dramas of others. I don't have the heart or the energy to tell her that, actually, Alice turned out to be pretty cool, and that no, I haven't met any boys she would deem "nice young men." I also don't have the heart to tell her I'm declaring art as my major, knowing that she'll only launch into a tirade about the impracticality of it. Instead, I shake my head, offer noncommittal answers, wait for the soap stock to vanish entirely and thereby grant me a brief window to freedom. When all that remain are a few bars of coconut lime and sandalwood soap, my mother checks her watch and gives the go-ahead to start packing up our table. Just as I'm reaching beneath it for the cardboard box with the leftover individually wrapped bars, Pastor Weber's wife appears at the table before us. Her eyes are slightly red-rimmed, and her usually smiling mouth is pinched into something that looks like she was aiming for a smile but somehow fell short. "Hello, Karen," my mother says, placing a hand on my shoulder. "Oh, I'm going to miss your soaps," Mrs. Weber says in lieu of greeting, and her eyes pass once over our empty table. "I just love your orange blossom." My mother leans halfway over the table, as if she's a black-market haggler. "I've just made a fresh batch for you to take with you." You would think, judging from Karen Weber's face, that my mother was a dealer who just offered her a free hit. "Oh," she breathes, and her eyes well up. "Oh, thank you so much, Renee." She fishes a wadded-up tissue from the sleeve of her blouse. "I'm just going to miss all of you so much." I glance across at my mother, who's nodding in sympathy as Mrs. Weber blows her nose. "We're going to miss you, too," she says, and I vaguely remember her writing in one of her thousand e-mails over the course of the spring semester that Pastor Weber had been reassigned to another church somewhere in Oregon. "Both of you." Mrs. Weber nods, and I watch her curiously, trying to imagine wanting to say in Forks, being sad at the idea of leaving. Unsurprisingly, I can't. Then again, I can't picture being happy as a pastor's wife either, so I suppose there are just lives some people aren't meant to lead. After my mother promises to bring the supply of orange blossom bars to Sunday's church service, we finish loading things into boxes and pack them into the back of Mom's station wagon. "I'm going to stay for a bit," I say, sliding the last box into the back of the car before brushing imaginary dust off the cotton fabric of my skirt. "I think maybe Jess and Lauren might show up soon." It's a lie – I haven't spoken to Jessica or Lauren since we said goodbye last August – but I just can't stomach the idea of going back home again and sitting on the couch with Mom and Dad to watch whatever's on the Hallmark Movie Channel. I feel a pang of longing for my noisy dorm, my nosy roommate, my fake ID. My freedom. My autonomy. My life. "Okay," Mom says haltingly, glancing at her watch, as if 8:30 is too close to the witching hour. She purses her lips the way she used to when I was in high school, right before she'd remind me that "Curfew is eleven!" Please don't, I silently will her. I don't want to have an ugly mother-daughter argument in the middle of the church parking lot, but the oppressive heat and the weight of my mother's watchful eyes have been bearing down on me all day, and my composure and patience are melting faster than the ice cream cones that have been dripping tracks down the hands of people emerging from the carnival. "Okay," she says again, and for a brief moment, I can breathe. She looks like she wants to say something, and I don't think it's lost on either of us that, for the first time, I didn't ask her permission. Finally, she simply nods. "Call when you want me to pick you up." I rankle at this, a seemingly innocent offer, knowing that it's a subtle parry for a modicum of power. I wonder if it was always like this, if she was always so desperate for control. Then I wonder if that's what it is at all, or if I'm just being overly sensitive. Then she adds, "Preferably before eleven," and I nearly bite my tongue bloody not to sass her. "Thanks," I say instead, slipping away before the last tether to my control snaps. I blend into the crowd, desperate for anonymity, knowing as I look around the sea of once-familiar faces that I won't find it. . . . The sky is a watercolor wash of blue and purple with a thin thread of pink draped over the tree line, and the lights of the carnival grow brighter by the minute. The smell of fried dough and spun sugar sits heavy over the church lot, the normal hum of crickets and bullfrogs overridden by the plinky carnival music, the beeps and blings of game booths, the whir of whizzing rides. People gaze up in wonder at the Ferris wheel, laugh at their own failed attempts to sink ping-pong balls into fishbowls, gorge themselves on carnival food, all in the name of Jesus. If there are two things less suited to each other in my mind, it's traveling carnivals and churches.