From My Bedroom Window (A "Through the Kitchen Window" outtake) Rating: T Summary: " I feel silly, and I feel vindicated, and I feel sad. I feel a lot of things, but what I don't feel is nothing, and I'm not entirely sure what that means." Acknowledgement: HollettLA. Awesome now. Awesome forever. A/N: This was written in 2013 for the Fandom4LLS fundraiser. Apologies that it's taken me this long to post it, and sincere thanks to everyone who asked for it and who donated to a great cause. Thomas Wolfe said, "You can't go home again." The oft-referenced sentiment has never felt so simultaneously true and absurd as it does now, as I lay in bed staring at the rectangles of moonlight cast on the ceiling by the windowpanes of my childhood bedroom. The illustrious Mr. Wolfe's meaning was clear: once a man has set out into the world, home is ever changing in his absence, and as a result, any attempt to return to the home of one's childhood is an exercise in futility. The home is no longer the same and neither is the man. That said, the sounds that this house makes as it settles in the darkness are the same as they always were, and my parents' footfalls on the stairs and low murmurs behind the closed wooden door of the room across the hall as they get ready for bed are the same, and the direction my mind takes when I peer through the darkness to look at my bulletin board is the same until I notice that the photo I'd turned around years ago is staring back at me, reflecting my younger face. Bella's younger face. I rise slowly, quietly, and pad across the wooden floor on bare feet, unpinning the photo and gazing down at it before flipping it over. I remember penciling the well-known words there in a moment of particular anguish, as the throbbing in my split lip kept time with the thumping of my heart. In truth, I remember everything. Returning the photo to the cork board, poem once again facing out, I glance at my rumpled sheets before cracking my door open and straining to hear the sounds of my parents' voices in the darkness, but I'm met with silence. I slip down the hall, avoiding the floorboard outside Jasper's old room that creaks before coming to a halt in front of the only door in the house that ever intimidated me. In keeping with ol' Tom's theory, the man I am is no longer afraid of a door – no longer afraid of anything related to Bella Swan, for that matter – and I push the door open gently and step inside. I imagine that I can still smell her here, though I was never in a position to know what she smelled like once she was old enough to stop smelling like sunscreen and strawberry bubble gum. I look around the sparse room at the simple white eyelet bedspread, the wooden dresser, the nightstand that holds nothing but a small clock and a reading lamp. It is a guest room, nothing more. I feel silly, and I feel vindicated, and I feel sad. I feel a lot of things, but what I don't feel is nothing, and I'm not entirely sure what that means. Returning to my own room, I slip back into bed and stare out into the inky nothingness outside my window, imagining that I can see Charlie Swan's house, imagining that behind one of the windowpanes across the way, there's a girl…even though I realize I don't know where she sleeps at night these days. I left a lot of things behind when I ran, but I'm not sorry that I left. I had to. Self-preservation. Growth. Escape. Call it whatever you want, I had to go, and in going, I realized that someday, eventually, I would come home again. In my absence, I had experiences that had nothing to do with Bella: I dated other girls. Loved other girls. Made love to other girls. At the end of the day, though, whenever one of those relationships ended, I found myself wondering what ever became of the girl who threw a better slider than most of the guys I knew, better even than a couple I played college ball with. Whenever I was sitting alone in a dorm room on the opposite side of the country, I'd wonder. It was an idle kind of wondering, though – the dreamy, gauzy, what-if kind of wondering that people engage in when they receive invitations in the mail to ten-year reunions and suddenly think, "I wonder whatever happened to…" It was harmless. Innocent. Indicative of nothing more than curiosity. The first time I actually thought that perhaps Bella's and my story wasn't over was when I saw her that Christmas, beautiful and healed and holding my favorite pie in her mittened hands. When I flew back to Florida and couldn't do more than kiss my girlfriend on New Year's Eve because when I closed my eyes, it wasn't Amy's face I saw. When my wondering became something more than idle. I remember a seemingly innocent game of Spin the Bottle all those years ago, during which I handed over to Bella the last part of myself that I'd been holding hostage, and I remember the next day when she left it on the nightstand in the guest room like a "thanks, but no thanks." I remember the moment I threw a punch, the night I asked her to choose me, the morning I laid it all on the line. I remember her shaking voice when she said goodbye, her unsteady footsteps as she walked away from me. I remember it all, and I realize that while home may change, the memories I took with me the day I left it are as crystal-clear as they were four years ago. I realize that all the parts of home that make it such a minefield are the ones I carried with me, and I wonder what Mr. Wolfe would have to say about that. French toast. I should have expected it, but it's a testament to the fact that I've been gone for four years that it doesn't occur to me until I descend the stairs to the smell of cinnamon and maple syrup that my mother would pick up our Sunday morning tradition once again. I don't have the heart to tell her that I avoided French toast in the college dining hall like a case of the clap because I couldn't taste syrup and cinnamon without tasting blood, anger, and humiliation. I don't have the heart because when she hears me enter the kitchen, she turns to beam at me, flour on her chin and joy in her eyes. "Morning," I say, crossing the expansive kitchen to retrieve a mug from the cabinet near where she's beating the batter into submission while Billy Joel plays on the radio on the opposite counter. "Morning," she replies, dunking a slice of challah bread into the mixture and dropping it onto the griddle, where it sizzles. I pour myself a mug of coffee and lean against the counter. "Dad at work already?" I ask, and she nods. "How'd you sleep?" "Like the dead," I half-lie. Once I finally drifted off, I slept well enough, but shutting my mind off enough to get there was a bit of a challenge. "What are you doing today?" "Not much. A few errands. Why, what do you have going on?" "Absolutely nothing. Want to hang out?" My mother beams, and I realize in this moment that I'd forgotten a very basic truth about my mother: that there was never anything else in the whole world that she'd rather be doing than spending time with her kids. A faint pang of sadness hits me when I realize that, over the past four years, her opportunities to do so were probably pretty minimal. "I'd love to," she says, trying unsuccessfully to hide her joy. "Okay." I glance toward the griddle, where the batter around the edges of the first slice are papery and dry, and she flips it with an expert flick of her spatula. "French toast, huh?" She peeks up at me, and if I thought she might have forgotten the last time we ate French toast together, the half-guilty, half-worried look in her eyes gives away the truth. "I thought…it had been a while since I made it. I thought you might like it." "It smells great. Thanks." The pinch of concern around her eyes disappears, and my mother smiles. I return it, bumping her shoulder gently with mine. "It's good to be home." She grins, reaching around my shoulders and wrapping her small hand around my other bicep. "It's good to have you home." June melts into July, and I relax back into the life I thought I left behind: weekend cookouts on the back deck, helping my dad flip burgers or marinate steaks; pickup basketball in the driveway whenever Emmett or Jasper stops by the house; sorting through old clothes and old books and old things in my bedroom so that my mother can take them to Goodwill and, ultimately, turn my bedroom into something like a study or a guest room. It isn't until August that the ghost that has danced around the periphery of my awareness since my return to Forks takes its place at center stage. I'm sitting at the table going through my course catalog when my mother bustles into the kitchen, purse and keys in hand. "Okay, honey, I'm just running out for a bit, okay? I'll be back in plenty of time for dinner." I feel her lips on my hair and I glance up. "Okay. Where are you headed?" "Just to Port Angeles," she says, avoiding my eye to rummage in her handbag. "I have to pick up a few things for dinner, and something I ordered from the bookstore is in." I love my mother, but she's a terrible liar. "Okay if I tag along?" I ask, closing the catalog and standing. "I haven't been to Port Angeles in years." She's a deer in headlights, even as she nods. "Of course you can come." I disappear up the stairs and grab a few things from my room before following her to the car. As we drive, her guilty conscience gets the better of her and she admits to maintaining contact with Bella, as if it were some great secret. I don't tell her that I'm secretly relieved to hear it; as angry, as heartbroken, as jealous, as hurt, as bitter as I was when everything with Bella went to hell, I wondered who would look out for her when she stopped letting me do it. "Something at the bookstore?" I tease, and the way my mother flushes slightly reminds me of another pair of pink cheeks, and in this moment it seems absurd that I ever thought distance would make me forget anything. "I visit," she confesses. My mother would have made a good Catholic. "Mind if I take your place this time?" I ask, and I ignore the disappointed flicker in my mother's eyes. I know she's curious, but the last thing I need for this particular moment in my life is an audience. Or a cheerleader. "Of course not," she replies, and I nod before looking out the windshield, taking deep breaths as I try to come up with an opening line. What does one say after four years of silence? The bell that jingles overhead when I step into the freezing air of the tiny florist is chipper, and when the girl behind the counter looks up at me and smiles, I feel a surge of disappointment trip through me. "Can I help you?" she asks, blue eyes warm, and I hesitate. "Callie, did you order more paperwhites? We have a