Odds A Oneshot by Olive This is an AU world where Katniss, erm.. destroys her nightlock. And stuff... It is for the Starvation May 2013 Prompt: AU. "The previous changes have been revoked. There now may be only one winner." One Winner. The thought and words bounce off my skull, bringing abrupt dread. After all that we have been through, there can only be one. From when we were young to now, only one of us can thrive. We tried beating the odds, tried to survive. Yet now, the Capitol is crushing us. The star-crossed lovers will be no more. I take a brief look at Katniss who is staring at the ground. Her face holds slight lines of sadness. Giving a sigh I drop my handy knife, which hasn't brought me much luck anyhow. There's a loud clank as the metal hits the earth and Katniss looks to me in wonderment. "I'm not going to kill you." I state, gulping slightly. A miniscule feeling of nausea tints my stomach, causing me to bite my tongue. I can already feel what I had eaten before threaten to come up. My eyes gaze at her beautiful face, tainted by blood and dirt as she seems to be thinking of something. Her eyes cast downward as her fingers loosen around her bow. I can see a slight cut on her arm, dripping crimson blood. She gives a small helpless sigh before another clatter, this one not as loud. Another one follows, with scattered sounds of arrows pinging up from the ground. But all I'm focusing on is Katniss. "Well, I'm not either." she says in that air of hers. Her eyes are a light with a certain grimness and lost hope. I had seen the look once on her before, before I had given her the bread. It had took all of my courage to actually do such a thing. I knew the punishment that would result, yet I couldn't stand to see some helpless person starving when I had the opportunity to help them. Especially her. Her with her gaunt figure, shivering from the pouring rain. Her safe haven underneath a practically dead tree with meaningless leaves trying to survive as well. The sight was rather pitiful actually. It played with my emotions none the less. Whilst my mother was kneading raisins into some new dough, I took the time throw one loaf in her direction. Her seemingly lethargic figure slowly turned to meet my gaze, her eyes half shut. I then threw the other one, the impact of the bread making puddle splashing her sightly before she took the hint. With a sudden burst of energy she grabbed the loaves and ran. I watched her figure disappear into the setting mist, her lovely brown hair flying in whips behind her. I watched her go, I even watched the road after she was gone. Soon enough, my mother grabbed me by my ear, dragging me back into the bakery. I give a forced chuckle, turning my head to the side. I stare the cornucopia before returning my gaze to Katniss. After a moment my lips parted. "Well then.. What are we going to do?" Her eyes dilated in realization and I smiled. Her face looked so cute in that moment, her eyes still as enchanting as ever. "Umm." she began, shifting her gaze to the side. Her fingers twitched slightly. After a moment she jumped up a bit. She returned her eyes to mine, with a newfound light radiating hope. I felt a smile threading its way upon my face but awaited for her to speak. The corners of her mouth twitched slightly, yet she seemed not to notice. Her slender, calloused hand was reaching toward a pack firmed on her side. Her fingers fumbled a bit until she managed to open it. Her eyes briefly gazed to mine before darting nervously to her pack. "Wait!" I say, a realization finally hitting me. She couldn't... My hand impulsively moves to her hand, yanking it out of her pack. With a flurry of purple, Katniss falls on the ground. A loud squelch erupts from her impact. She glares at me before letting out a strangled moan, anger clear on her face. "Did you fall on something?!" I ask, worried she fell and cut herself. "Damn you Peeta!" she screeches, rolling over slightly. Completely ignoring my previous question. With a hand briefly touching the ground she's back on her feet, a mess of squished juice coating were she had fell previously. "Couldn't you have waited?!" "I.." I begin, my hand still hanging where it was before. "I.. thought you were.." it drops, hanging limply at my side. "Were what?" she asks, placing her hands on her hips. I don't answer, only stare with shock. A moment passes before she opens her mouth,"Answer me." she demands. "I thought you were gonna... commit suicide.." I mutter, finally blinking. My eyes burn with dryness but that doesn't really matter in the moment. She scoffs, turning her head to the side. "Idiot!" she mumbles. " We. We were going to commit suicide!" she screeches, throwing her hands in the air. "We could.. get some more?" I offer questioningly. I knew it was a ridiculous idea, the gamemakers would never allow it. They had heard her plan because she had impulsively said it, and now... all of the bushes were probably burned or something. If not, when we tried to get to it(we most likely wouldn't find it I'm guessing) the gamemakers would sic a mutt on one of us. As if on que she glares, her lovely eyes narrowing in annoyance. "You're kidding me, correct?" she asks, placing her hands on her hips again. I contemplate lying, though I knew other wise. I wasn't sure if a yes or no would be sufficient enough, so I went with the possibility. "Maybe." I say, my lips empathizing the 'm'. With her eyes still frozen in a glare she huffs, turning around. "Well, we ought to try I suppose." she begins, her voice muffled slightly. "Again, I'm not letting these people get there way." I smile briefly, a quick moment of me admiring her determindness. With a huff I bend down painfully, snatching up my knife. My fingers stumble a bit, yet manage to get a decent hold. "Katniss!" I call out, seeing her begin to walk. She doesn't respond, only continuing on her journey. "KATNISS!" I say again, this time louder. She pauses and turns around, stomping over to me. "Yes?" she asks, her eyes radiating curiousness. "S-shouldn't you get your bow or something? Maybe.. the arrow in.. Cato?" I say, staring right into her gray eyes. For a moment, I am lost in their uniqueness. They are something totally different from what I've seen. Sure, other people have gray eyes. Yet Katniss's are different. The are gray with a light swirl of blue. Her emotions are the most clear there, with their radiance. "Probably." she says, giving a nod in agreement. "Wait, Katniss." I say, grabbing her arm. She turns around and looks to me. "Yes?" she asks. "Erm.. if we can't find it." I whisper lightly, getting closer to her ear. I put a hand around my mouth, protecting my words from the invasive ears and eyes of the Captiol. "You can.. Kill me." I say, giving an audible gulp. If in the end there really could be only one victor, I'd rather Katniss go home then me. I could never imagine living without her. For so many years, I just watched in the shadows telling myself now was a good moment to talk to her. To know her more. To get better acquainted. Yet each time my mind shut me down. I tried, yet when I got close to her my mind drew a blank, something very uncommon for me. I spent what feels like years, trying to sort it all out. I knew I had a crush on her, that was for sure. I admired her for her strength and dignity. She was so beautiful, in her features and personality. Her voice. Yet, it never came. Not until the chariots I truly realized what was messing with my mind and heart. Love at first sight is what some call it, and I suppose its true. I knew when she sang that day, yet even in my young self I cast the thought aside. It was ridiculous and unlikely. Though now, I knew. It felt it too late, too little of time to enjoy these moments no matter how painful(Hunger Games and such). No, I figured it out too late. I knew from the beginning in my heart, yet it didn't fully register in my mind. Anyways, if she won.. I'd be happy. I'd be sad to be away from her, yet I hoped she would hold me dear to her heart. She had finally admitted to the feelings I had for her myself. The ones I had so terribly failed at hiding. I'm glad it turned out that way though. Even in such a predicament.. Just.. "What?" she says harshly, backing away. Her eyes were wide in fear and disgust at such a thought. My wandering thoughts ceased and my mind snapped back to horrible reality. "I'd rather you win." I mumble, looking at the ground like a child done wrong. "It's just.. I really love y-" "I couldn't do that. We've come to far. They can't revoke these rules!" she interrupts, her voice laced with anxiousness. Her thumb goes to her mouth and she starts chewing on it. "But they can." I counter sadly. "They can and they have. Anyways, just get done with it. My leg feels like hell." "No." she states stubbornly. "I will not." "Then should I?" I say, a slight anger at her stubbornness. Oh, Katniss... I hold the knife up. "I could just finish this all right now you know." "You don't have enough energy." she scowls. "Wanna find out?" I taunt, the situation playing with my mind. I bring the sharp blade to the top of my wrist, digging it in slightly. I find the my arm is weak, pins and needles paralyzing its ability to a point. The blade draws a droplet of blood, soon to scab over. "Stop it Peeta!" she says suddenly, her hand snatching out to grab it. Her fingers graze mine and I feel immediate warmth, yet shake the feeling off. My fingers hold tight enough, my arm backing away a bit. She falls into me suddenly with full force, forcing me to the ground. I feel stunned as she places her knee on my arm and pries my weak fingers individually off the knife. "Don't do that! You scared me, I thought you were actually going to do it!" she cries. I glare at her slightly. "I would've." She glares at me as well, before removing her knee, knife in hand. My own hand reaches to snatch up the knife, yet I fail as she jerks her arm back. "No." she says. "Neither of us are going home, let's just.. lick up the juice!" she says, newfound excitement present. I look at her in questioning, yet give a brief sigh. I sit up, my body suddenly protesting and I get to my knees. "Katniss.." I begin suddenly, placing my palm on her shoulder for support. "Why haven't they killed one of us yet?" She helps me over to the squished berries. "They like a show." she says bluntly, her hand grazing over the juice. Her warm hand grabs mine and places it on the skin and juice of berries. I put my hand down into it, my hand soon covered with the liquid. "On the count of three." she says, giving a slight nod. "Wait.." I begin, wanting to say some last words. "Are you sure?" I begin helplessly. She nods. "One..." "Wait, just know, whatever happens I love y-" "Two.."