Pitter, patter, pitter, patter, plop, patter The prince of Rohan sat glumly inside his one-man-half-a-person tent. Honestly, it wasn't much different in there than outside in the drizzle. Rohirrim women were killers at the horse shows, but ask them to Scotch-Guard a simple tent...! He could have done it. He totally could have grabbed that can and read the instructions. But he was too busy binge-watching season three of Sherlock with Theodred. And you couldn't pay proper attention to solving the mysteries before Sherlock did if you were trying to spray a tent too. But was watching television then worth having a leaky tent now? Theodred would have said yes. If he was there, camped out on the front porch of Mordor in the rain, he would sit inside his own little Scotch-Guarded tent and laugh at Eomer. Theodred always made sure his tent was so water-tight he could float down the Anduin in it. But he wasn't there. And why? Because Theodred couldn't just sit around the campfire and eat dinner. They were supposed to be keeping an eye on some orcs at the time and had just made their encampment for the night in a nice little hollow where the wind didn't get to them. Sure it was a little muddy, but it was better than going out and facing a couple squadrons of orcs. Theodred's last words still rang in Eomer's head: "Hey, Eomer! Hold my horse and watch this! " And Eomer was dumb enough to grab the horse instead of the cousin. Eh, the (technically cousin of the) prince of Rohan thought; they said Theodred would make a full recovery in a few months. Just some deathlike symptoms. Natural consequence from being mauled by orcs in the middle of the night . Eomer snorted, then sneezed, then cursed the rainwater dripping into his eyes through the green fabric. Ka-klang! Ka-klang! Ka-ka-KLANGGG! Rubbing his head from where it hit the tree branch, Eomer picked himself up, disentangled himself from his tent, and walked slowly to calm his mild heart attack. Dinner bell. Of course he would have to set up his own three foot tall tent right smack under a low branch so that any time he sat up, he would get a concussion. Genius planning there. Reaching Aragorn's tent (which was one of those nice roomy ones that you could stand up in and had the little flaps to pull out and make rooms with), he entered and plunked down on one of the camp chairs around a camp table. Eomer's own camp chairs were whatever half-rotten logs he could pull out of the swamp; camp chairs were expensive Rohan had been faced with providing its troops with food or camp chairs. As usual, food won. Eomer folded his arms and looked around sourly at the officers of Gondor and at Aragorn (without his Strider hairdo; he'd actually brushed it!). Rich Gondorian pigs. One of Aragorn's servants (yes, King of Gondor had brought those on a suicide mission to the Black Gates) brought out the first course of the meal: lasagna souffle with buttered asparagus. The man made some lengthy apologies: there was no appetizer because they were on the trail and had to rough it—it was also only a two course meal and there would be very little for dessert, but he had some wine of excellent vintage, monsieur . In silence, the group dug in—or Eomer did at least. The others had to take time to put their napkins under their chins and stick their little fingers out. And this is why the Elves prefer Gondor , Eomer thought, shoving a dozen pieces of asparagus into his mouth in hopes of having to obey the "no talking when your mouth is full" rule. Aragorn looked like he was about to ask a question. "So, Eomer," the king said, timing it neatly (and to the other's dismay) between one forkful of lasagna and the next, "when we reach the Black Gates, what do you think should be our first course of action. We want to minimize casualties, naturally. I'm interested in your thoughts on the matter." Eomer paused, his chewing slowed to a crawl. Was this guy an idiot? They were marching on Mordor—home of Sauron, the super-powerful Maia who trained for millennia under Morgoth/Melkor/the biggest bad guy the world had ever known, and Sauron's thousands (probably more like millions since nobody ever took the time to tally them up) of orcs and other more deadly creatures—with all the mustered forces of Gondor and Rohan which had been pretty weak before the Pelenor Fields and were now not only depleted but tired as well. There was no way they were going to walk out of there with less than 100% casualties. This was a suicide mission, not a war. Now what was this long haired weirdo thinking? Eomer swallowed and said, "Uh... we could try a couple of strafing runs and some targeted divebombing? And if we really wanted to give it to Sauron, we could give some tactical nukes a go." The rest of the dinner conversation was spent ignoring the only Rohirrim in the room. Finally, Eomer trudged beck to his tent in the dark. It had stopped raining but the effect was simulated every time a gust of wind came down, shaking the droplets off the trees and onto him. The entire mission was stupid and pointless. In the end, the only conclusion that the Gondorians (carefully avoiding any input the Rohirrim leader might have had) had come to was this: to ride up to the Black Gates and challenge Sauron to a fight to give a couple of hobbits that nobody was sure were even still alive after the last time Faramir saw them time to stroll over to a volcano and drop a ring in to end all evil in Middle Earth or something. This was assuming that throwing the Ring in would somehow magically make Sauron blow up or collapse into the ground; even Elrond had only been speculating. Result that nobody bothered to mention: Sauron's forces would come out full swing and wipe everybody and his horse to kingdom come. So what made this the best course of action? Because, Eomer thought, people are stupid. The Gondorians probably never read The Art of War . He knew there were copies translated into Rohirrim, but he'd never seen one in any of the languages Gondor typically used. If any of them had read it, they might have recalled some words of wisdom from between its pages. Like Rule no. 1: Don't be a retard. He crawled into his tent and collapsed into his blankets. These Gondorian bigwigs were going to get everybody killed on spec. And Eomer had heard that the Halls of Mandos had a terrible internet connection that made streaming movies virtually impossible. Nope, not dying until season four of "Sherlock" comes out on Netflix. No matter what it takes, even if I have to fight Sauron armed with nothing but a toothpick... The Mouth of Sauron fixed the captains of the free world with a sincere stink eye and patted his creepy horse. Somehow, there was smoke coming out of places it shouldn't have on that horse. It also looked very mean. "So," Eomer began, hoping to clarify that the hobbits were actually dead dead and not going-to-be-dead-we're-just-celebrating-prematurely-like-true-bad-guys. Of course, attention-hog Aragorn cut him off. "Give us that!" he demanded, pointing at the mithril jacket that sparkled in the sunshine. It should be raining, Eomer thought. You're not supposed to go into dramatic death-rushed on nice days. It rained on all the other big battles, but the sun had decided to come out and the birds were hopping about like it was just another pleasant day for the forest animals living a stone's throw from Mordor. A bee buzzed by his head. Then it came back and settled into orbit around his helm. Then its friend came over and started nosing around his blond hair. Suddenly, as three or four honeybees started crawling around on his hair, he realized his mistake in stealing his sister's rose-scented shampoo. At the time, he'd been thinking of how if he was going to die, he wanted clean hair. He'd used the last of his manly scents up before the battle of the Pelenor Fields, but with his sister in the hospital (or House of Healing as they called it in Gondor; they always had to add six or seven syllables on to everything ), it wasn't like she could say anything about it. Plus she was all drooly over Faramir now. After pushing him off the balcony of the Golden Hall fifteen years ago when Denethor and crew came to Rohan for a visit. She thought he was a real wimp then. Scrawny buzzard was what she called him. Now that he was interested in her (and she'd found out about Aragorn's elf princess girlfriend), of course... Eomer snorted and almost fell off his horse when one of the bees buzzed in his ear. The Mouth of Sauron was trotting back through the Black Gates and it looked like Aragorn had got his way with the Mithril jacket. A lot of good it would do him. Ten sizes too small for a man and the hobbit it belonged to would probably never see it again. If he wasn't already, the hobbit would be dead soon. Just like everybody else here. And Eomer himself would be buried with rose-scented hair. Without ever seeing season four of Sherlock ... "Oi! Oi!" He spurred Firefoot forward after Sauron's messenger. "Mouth!" The Mouth of Sauron turned and signaled to the trolls to leave the gates where they were; there was about a yard left before the gates shut completely. "What?" the Mouth asked, turning his stink eye on the captain. "Tell Sauron I'm challenging him to one-on-one combat. Instead of having our armies fight this out, we can both save assets. Him and me. Out here. Just us two. Tell him that." The Mouth of Sauron snorted and put a hand in front of his mouth, partially covering his pointed yellow teeth. Somebody obviously didn't believe in dental hygiene on Sauron's side. "Right," he said, turning his horse around again and waving the trolls to continue with the gates, "Will do." "Are you crazy?" Aragorn stared at his ally as he trotted his horse back to the group of leaders in front of the army. "Look who's doing the asking," Eomer retorted, pulling his cell phone out. One had to do what one had to do in these kind of situations. He waved the others silent as he held the device to his ear. "Yes, can I have Manwe, please?" Ten minutes later, the towering figure of Sauron emerged from the Black Gates. Judging from the mace in one hand and the sword in the other, he was prepared for battle. Eomer dismounted, leaving his horse with Gandalf, and walked forward. Sandwiched between two armies, ten feet shorter than his opponent, and armed with nothing but a mobile phone, Eomer's odds didn't look good to Aragorn and co. "Be careful!" he shouted to the Rohirrim. Eomer approached to ten feet of Sauron and took a minute-long look at him. Sauron said nothing for a long while until impatience finally got the better of his desire to be cool and he said, "Well?" "Well what?" the man replied. "Are you going to beg for your life or die?" "You don't have to say that, you know. There's more than enough incriminating evidence on you by now. Including video footage that can land you lifetime imprisonment." "What are you getting at? You can't imprison me. There's no prison in Middle-Earth that can hold me!" "What about Valinor?" Sauron was silent. "I've phoned Manwe and his crew is on their way here. Now, I wasn't very clear on what was the matter over the phone,