Zara and James walked through the halls of the school, with a very intense feeling of forgotten. It was about six o'clock in the evening and was almost time for dinner. Not only did they have that strange feeling but also they couldn't find any other Marauder. They were all gone, not a clue where to though. They spoke randomly about everything, just making the time pass as they thoroughly searched for their missing group. They ended up somewhere, The halls gently lit by fire that stood at least one meter away from each other. James looked over the walls and found not a single portrait, which was very odd. The doors were all bolted shut and locked with more than a thousand spells. Zara was watching a light bounce of each wall, she found it incredibly intriguing. It landed in front of her and she jumped onto it. James turned at the loud sound of her feet hitting the floor, Zara didn't understand why the light kept disappearing. It flew to the wall at the end of the hall, a wicked smile passed her lips and she grew more and more determined to grab the light. She ran fall pace at the wall and just as she was about to place her hand over it, it rapidly shot up. Unfortunately, the floor was covered in dust and it made her shoes slide and she ended up colliding with the brick wall in front of her... face first. James began to laugh uncontrollably, and he tried to breath out the words 'are you okay?' but it just didn't come out. He fell on the floor next to her, Zara was on her back, groaning in pain from where she collided with the wall at such a horrible speed. She sat up and was hit with a wave of dizziness. James just laughed harder and harder until it got to the point of him rolling around on the floor with a face as scarlet as his house. Zara stared down at him, hands crossed over her chest with a death glare in her eyes. He immediately stopped, got to his feet and cleared his throat. "We should go!" He coughed, cheeks still lightly dusted pink from the previous laughing fest. She nodded and narrowed her eyes a little more. "MmmmmHmmmm" She glared, walking off down the hall way that lay ahead of her. Zara saw the light once again, she took a deep breath and tried not to go after it but it was sort of teasing her. The way it did figure eights in front of her face, it was taunting her gravely. James placed his hands on her shoulders and steered Zara as far away from the little ball of light as possible. As they ended up back at the staircases, James gave a loud gasp. "The Prank!" He shouted. Zara gave a gasp and they flew down the hallways towards the Astronomy Tower. The portraits shouted and screamed as they shot past them all the way up until they reached the staircase. They slowed and kept quiet, James told Zara to 'shh' by putting his finger to his lips. She nodded but every step she took, something rustled in Zara's pockets. He snapped his head to the sound. "What is that?" James angrily whispered. Zara leaned in, so she could be as quiet as possible, something still jumping around in her pockets. "Don't talk to me like that!" She shouted in his ear. Earning a loud groan from him as it burst his ear drums. "Ow!" He shouted back, dragging the 'O'. When they reached the archway, leading into the Astronomy Classroom, James warned Zara. No one was up there when they reached walked in. James and Zara looked around on opposite sides of the classroom. No one was seen, not under the desks or in the beams hanging from the ceiling. James waited for something to happen, Zara was not paying attention to anything. When they walked into the middle of the room, they were met with a surprise. The floor gave way, dropping down into some classroom underneath it. Kelsi stood there with the rest, fury burning in all their eyes. "WHERE WERE YOU?" Kelsi raged, hands on hips as she hissed at them. Zara opened her mouth to say something and when it came out, it sounded completely fake. "Well you see, we completely forgot! We went looking for you for hours and then we came to a hallway that had dust all over the floor and an annoying little ball of light that made me run into the nearest wall, James ended up on the floor laughing which I got angry at and death glared at him, we then went to the staircase that's when James remembered and then we went up the stairs after I was shouted at by James and then we went to the opposite sides of the classroom, then we fell through the floor and here we are!" Zara said without taking a breath, ending with a smile. James shook his head, it sounded so stupid. Kelsi turned on James. "So what was the real reason?" Kelsi spat, venom in her tone, it was like talking to Shea, who stood at the back trying to hide her laughter. Sirius looked angry as well, although whenever he'd look back at a laughing Shea it would melt a little. Remus and Kyra on the other hand, looked so amused a lot like Shea and Kyile. James gave a nervous chuckle and rubbed the nape of his neck, not wanting to annoy them anymore. "I needed you here! The whole prank turned into a bust! We are currently hiding from Filch, because he caught a glimpse of Shea's auburn hair... thank you by the way!" Kelsi ended sarcastically. Shea held her thumbs up. "No problem!" Shea smiled. James went up In Kelsi's face. "Sor-ry... I was a little tied up" James groaned lowly. Kyile moved forwards and placed a hand on her shoulder. "Don't get up in her face!" Kyile said, shoving James backwards. Zara moved forwards and looked as if ready to kill. "Oh Hell No!" Zara shouted, hands up ready to throw a punch. Remus, Kyra, Shea and Sirius watched the scene unfold, Kyra turned to Shea a bit worried about the situation. "Shouldn't we stop them" Kyra asked softly. Shea gave a long sigh and got up from her position on the table. Shea walked up and placed her hands on Kelsi and Kyile's shoulder planning to walk in between them, until they dropped to the floor. Both ended up on the floor, still breathing but looking barley alive. James gave a jolt and Zara put her hand over her mouth. Kyra and Remus surged forward and began shaking them violently. "They are not waking up!" Remus shouted, frantically. His eyes darting to Shea who looked pale and physically sick. "Get them onto a table!" Shea whispered calmly, still looking traumatised about this situation. James and Sirius lifted Kyile while Zara helped Remus with Kelsi. They were just lying there, Shea placed a hand on either side of Kelsi's head and took a deep breath before closing her eyes. A thousand images and scenes flashed through her mind as she delved into Kelsi's and, to her relief, both were alive. The colours of green and silver met her irises and Shea threw herself away from Kelsi as she saw a familiar scene. "There in an alternate reality!" Shea whispered. ... Alternate Reality... She woke up with a pounding headache, the room still fuzzy and her mind blank. The air felt thick and it was getting harder and harder to breath and each one she took, changed the way the atmosphere felt. There was a sense of new, of un familiarity, something that she is not used to. she got to her feet, shakily and walked over to a mirror that reflected in the corner of the room. She let out a loud involuntary gasp once everything became focused and whole once again. This wasn't my common room. It was full of the Slytherin symbol and the snake. She turned around frantically, trying to work out what had happened before she started to laugh nervously. "Okay guys... it's not funny! You pulled a good one on me. Got me good!" She smiled, shouting to no one in particular. The girls in the beds next to her, shuffled and turned to the loudness of her voice. "James! I'm sorry... I Know you didn't mean it!" Kelsi whispered this time, not having any answer and it gave a false sense of stability. She turned around frantically, looking around to find the Slytherin Uniform. She gave a disgusted sigh as she slipped it on, touching enemy robes. She felt ill wearing these things. She felt her wand in her pocket, at least something was familiar. As she tiptoed down the girls dormitory stairs, a familiar voice caught her ears. As Kelsi peered around the corner, she felt an overwhelming sense of dred as she saw Sirius sitting with Lucius Malfoy, Grayson Goyle and Malcom Zabini. He sat proudly on the green leather sofas, barely visible through the dark light of the dungeons but Kelsi could tell he was older. Just a glance and he was about sixteen. Kelsi strode forward in front of him, earning a glare from the three surrounding him. "What is happening? why are we here?" Kelsi asked, fairly worried about these circumstances. Sirius gave one meek laugh before getting to his feet. The boy towered over Kelsi with a sneer on his lips. "YOU were sorted here! Only Merlin knows why and how?" He spat, venom lacing the word 'you' the most. She shook her head in shock, never has she ever heard him speak with such hatred to anyone... not even when he spoke about his parents. "I can't believe you" She stormed, turning around and jumping out of the portrait hole before running towards the great hall and when she arrived it wasn't anything like it was before. James and Zara were on the Gryffindor table. Opposite ends. Lily hanging off of James's shoulder, him and her kissing in-between laughs. He seemed the same, except of course for Lily. Zara on the other hand, had her head in a book, that was weird enough, reading it fiercely not taking even an inkling of a break with Snape next to her. She wore thick rimmed black glasses, tie done up properly and tights underneath her below the knee skirt. Her Hand intertwined with Snape's, he place a small kiss on her forehead and drew her attention. Sirius entered behind Kelsi and shoved her roughly as he pushed past her to get to the Slytherin table. Remus and Kyile were on the Hufflepuff table, Remus had his scars still but he seemed different. Her wore his tie loosely, hands clenching the table as he shot daggers at Kyile, who looked beyond confused at the boy. Kyile started to look around, frantically trying to tear Remus's glare, until his eyes landed on Kelsi. Kyile shot out of his seat and pulled her into a hug. "Please tell me you haven't gone insane as well?!" Kyile asked, awkwardly letting go of her and looking Kelsi dead in the eyes. She laughed and pulled him into another hug. Thank Godric he was the same. "I'll take that as you haven't... What happened?" Kyile asked. Kelsi shook her head. "I'm not sure. First of all i thought that it was a prank but not even our friends are this low." Kelsi said. As the pair stood just a little bit in front of the great hall doors, they'd receive weird looks from everyone as if they'd never seen the two of them converse civilised before. Kelsi stared back at everyone until she noticed the people were all staring past the pair, instead they were