Calypso hadn't lost hope. She wasn't exactly sure how long it had been since Leo had inevitably left her, but to her it felt like centuries had gone by. She was sure that were he any other hero, the sharp pangs of pain that coursed through her at the thought of him would have been reduced at the very least to a dull ache by now, if not gone completely. But of course, Leo wasn't just any other hero. Usually, heroes would simply wash ashore on the crest of a gentle wave, injured and at the cusp of death. Usually, Calypso couldn't help but be struck by their appearance, they always looked like heroes: strong, built, and handsome. Usually, Calypso would gently care for them and nurse them to health. Usually, Calypso grew to care for them before they even opened their eyes, knowing all the while that they had undoubtedly gone through some particularly terrible ordeal, nearly giving up their lives for the sake of their cause. Usually, they would open their eyes and gaze at Calypso like she was the most beautiful woman in the world, stumbling about their words, staring after her, sometimes openly singing praises to her. And usually, they would laze about the island with her until they received some reminder from the outside world, telling them it was time to leave and rejoin the real world. Time to go back to their quest. Time to go back to the woman they loved. Usually, Calypso would desperately ask them to stay with her, to leave their world behind and love her as much as she did them. And always, they left. Leo, true to form, had completely disregarded tradition. She would often think back to the day Leo had so spectacularly crash-landed on her island; the boy certainly knew how to make an entrance . Of all the heroes and all the millennia that she had lived through, she never saw anything or anyone even come close to making that kind of scene. Leo had been different from the second he caught sight of Ogygia. From afar, he had looked like nothing more than a skinny, lanky little elfling covered in grease and soot and sweat, the mop of dark curly hair atop his head looking like a bird's nest. And gods did the mere sight of him make her angry . Ogygia was supposed to be a calm and peaceful prison, and just like that Leo shattered it—or well, her table at least. The one that she'd taken decades to carve centuries ago when she had gone through a carpentry phase (there were only so many things she could do in her small little island). He certainly hadn't looked like a hero. He didn't act like one. And when he so quickly snapped back at Calypso's comment gods did she loathe him. He hadn't even spared more than a passing glance at her! He'd acted like she was nothing more than an annoyance, someone not even worth taking note of. Not that Calypso was shallow, but in all the millennia that she'd been on this island, no one had ever treated her like that—she wasn't even sure how to relate with mortals that weren't taken by her. So she stayed angry and resolved to get him off the island, pronto. Of course, as her luck would have it, the one time she actually wanted the raft to appear was the one time it wouldn't. Because she clearly wasn't in love with him. She didn't think she could ever fall in love with this boy. At this point, it just seemed cruel that the gods would do this to her, after all, she'd done nothing wrong! Why would they stick her with him? She later realized that the things she said to Leo that night were undeserving and uncalled for, but at the time she'd been so furious with the gods that she took it out on the only person who would hear her. She remembered storming off to her garden in a fit of tears; the gods were supposed to set her free by now, not send another hero! And if they were to send one, did it really have to be this kid?! So of course, she lashed out at Leo again, after he managed to put all the dots together and figure out her curse. And yet, once more, Leo didn't react how she'd come to expect. He didn't resign himself to his fate, he didn't curse the gods (like she wanted to), but instead he walked away and started looking for a way out. For the few first weeks, Leo mostly kept away from her (another first), Calypso sent him provisions, and aside from brief encounters, she was almost able to forget he was even on her island. And then the clanging began. For a few days, she just gritted her teeth and pretended it wasn't there. She had been tending to her garden in peace when she heard it, a big " CLANG" that startled the birds straight out of their nests and sent them flying. She tried to ignore it again, but when she bent down to resume her work she heard it again " CLANG" and then once more. She huffed in annoyance and resigned herself to count ten and relax, but when yet another " CLANG" interrupted her she shot up and stormed to his campsite before she even registered what she was doing. Then, she noticed the uneaten baskets of food sitting at the edge of her garden and realized the fool wasn't even eating. How was he going to find a way out of her island if he was too weak? Once again, when she addressed Leo he replied with sarcasm and didn't even bother to look up at her entrance. ' Look at me, dammit!' she thought. And then, he did. It was like a white hot flame ran through her. There he was, surrounded by equipment and half-finished machines he'd built out of his own hand, his shirt singed and covered in grime, his curly hair sweaty and plastered to his face, his skin glowing with a sheen of sweat, his arm held up holding a hammer, showing strong muscles she hadn't realized he'd had. And when she looked into his eyes she saw such fierce determination that at that moment Calypso would have believed he was capable ofanything; at that moment, she realized that this wasn't just some scrawny, annoying little kid. Leo would do whatever he needed to do to get off this island, and she couldn't help the feeling of admiration she felt towards him at that moment. "I'm hoping to get off this island," he'd said, "that is what you want, right?" She scowled. Of course he wanted to be off this island, what was she thinking, finding praise-worthy traits in him? Distracted, she dropped off the food and went back to her cave. Clearly, she was getting desperate for attention, because there was definitely nothing attractive about Leo. Nothing at all. Definitely not the way he'd looked so at home with his forge. Definitely not the resolve in his eyes, or the confidence in his work. Definitely not the way he'd so easily disregarded the god's wills and decided to make his own path. Definitely not. Calypso resolved once again to ignore Leo's existence, and she was doing a pretty good job of it, until she walked by her fountain on the way to her garden the next day. It was no longer making weird noises and spouting water in awkward intervals like it had for a few decades, and she knew Leo had fixed it. She set out to work on her garden, but when she took out her tools she realized they were all gleaming, looking wickedly sharp, like they had when she'd first gotten them from Hermes some centuries ago. She sighed, not wanting to be reminded of Leo, and went back to her cave, only to once more see he'd fixed something of hers. Somewhat impressed at the elf-boy's efficiency, Calypso decided that since he'd done such a kindness for her, she should at least pay him in kind. She wondered what she could to for him that would be helpful for him on his journey and looked around the room, and when her eyes landed on her loom, an idea quickly sprung to mind. Over the time Leo had been here, he'd burned through more pairs of clothes than she'd thought was even possible, so she decided she'd provide him with clothes that could withstand the flames that seemed to constantly spring from his body. As she was beginning her work, she decided to use some of her limited power to scry into his past to see what modern clothes looked like nowadays—when Leo left this island, perhaps he could take a bit of her magic with him? Once she was done, she folded her finished products over her arm and headed out to meet him (and she most definitely did not re-do her braid to look more presentable, twice. She didn't!) When she approached his work-site once more, she was once again surprised at just how much work he'd gotten done. He was diligently working on some strange mirror-looking contraption, entirely focused on his task. So focused in fact, that he once again failed to notice her presence. "Bronze bulls, girl!" he'd jumped, and when he looked at her his eyes were wild, "Don't sneak up on me like that!" "I wasn't sneaking, I was bringing you these." Leo looked at the clothes in her arms, a confused expression clouding his face, "How?" Slowly, unsure of how to deal with a suddenly inquisitive Leo, she placed the clothes at his feet and stepped away, explaining the nature of her gift. For once, Leo actually appeared like he was impressed by her—well, maybe not by her but by what she could do. That was a first, usually men would be awed by her beauty and then sometimes realize that there was something more to her. But that was an incredibly rare thing. And then, shocking her once more, his face had light up and he gave her the most cocky, infuriating, adorable grin, "Oh yeah. You're really warming up to me." ' What? The little — ' she could actually feel her face reddening, "You are the most insufferable person I have ever met! I was only returning a favor. You fixed my fountain." As if she would ever "warm up" to this annoying, obnoxious—he laughed, "That? That was no big deal. I don't like it when things don't work right." "And the curtains across the cave entrance?" she challenged "The rod wasn't level." He replied evenly. "And my gardening tools?" "Look, I just sharpened the shears. Cutting vines with a dull blade is dangerous. And the pruners needed to be oiled at the hinge, and—" She cut him off, seizing the opportunity to get even with him, "Oh yeah," she imitated his voice as best she could, "you're really warming up to me." And then, magically, Leo was speechless. He stared at her, wide-eyed, looking impressed by her. Looking exactly the way heroes usually looked at her. And yet, this time, he was actually impressed by her wit, her personality. Suddenly, Calypso felt that strange heat wash over her once more and, feeling pleased with herself, she carried on the conversation. "What are you building?" she said, as she looked a bit closer at his work. It just looked like a giant mirror, but she was confident that there was a bit more to it than that. "Oh," he turned towards it, "it's a seeing device, we found one like this in Rome, in the workshop of Archimedes. If I can make it work, maybe I can find out what's going on with my friends." ' Oh Leo,' she shook her head,