!-- page { margin: 2cm } { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif } { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif } { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif } P { margin-bottom: 0.21cm } -- Chapter 1 As his breath flowed over the glowing coals in the bowl of his chipped clay pipe, the flames surged to life before dying back down. Exhaling the smoke into the already pungent atmosphere, Strider turned his eyes once again in the direction of the door in the opposite corner of the inn's common room. He had heard the rumours, as had all in the Prancing Pony, of four hobbits from the Shire having arrived an hour before, and knew they were highly likely to be the four he was waiting for. Nobody near the door saw his glance in the firelight and wreaths of smoke, but this was also partly because, being a Man not prone to taking risks, he had also let the hood of his travelling cloak fall far enough forwards to cover most of his face before he had sat down hours ago. Tonight's work, he knew, was of the utmost importance. For the next few minutes Strider contented himself with straining to overhear conversations between other guests at the inn. Travellers, even the Dwarves, he bothered little about; their news was old news to him, a Ranger who walked in the Wilds and influenced the events they only talked of. The locals, on the other hand, were the Men and hobbits he was attempting to listen to. They were the ones most likely to ask too many questions of the type he didn't want the hobbits to have to answer. The tall, weather worn Man removed the stem of his pipe from his rough lips to take a small sip from his tankard of ale; the golden liquid was high quality and always much looked forward to when he was journeying towards Bree and the Prancing Pony. Replacing the pipe he tried to focus on the words of a small group of Breelanders sitting a few tables away. In the confused noise and talkative babble it was difficult to discern what anybody, even somebody sitting at the same table as the listener, might be saying. Strider's keen hearing was shown to it's best advantage when trying to pick up a far-off dim sound in the distance against a background of silence or natural noise of wind, birds or rivers. It was beyond any mortal ability, however, to pick out one conversation in a room of many conversations, incessant laughter and much shouting, so Strider did not fare much better than a lesser Man not born of the blood of Westernesse could have done. Barely had Strider made out the words 'Shire', 'hobbit' and 'Sauron' when his attention was caught by a different sound. The distinctive noise of the door creaking could barely be heard above the volume of the tavern's guests but because it was different and he'd been listening for it, Strider's acute hearing alerted him as three of the four he had been searching for walked tentatively into the common room. Obviously the round little innkeeper, Barliman Butterbur, hadn't suggested they would be safer in a private parlour or their bedchamber. His eyes narrowed as he thought of Barliman's refusal to let the Ranger visit the hobbits in a parlour as they supped. Did the portly Man not trust the Ranger, as so many did not, or was there a more sinister explanation? Strider wanted to think he could trust Butterbur but offending a friend would be by far the lesser of two evils; if he didn't let Butterbur know the secret of what was happening in his quiet town he couldn't pass the information on. If by foul chance the innkeeper was showing sympathy towards Mordor Strider couldn't afford to trust him with anything. Suddenly a hush fell over the whole room as the other members of the company slowly noticed the rotund but permanently harried Butterbur leading the three hobbits to a shorter height table close to one of the roaring fires. He clapped his hands, evidently about to introduce them to the crowd, and the few remaining talkers fell silent. A good many names were mentioned but Strider ignored them; he already knew or knew of everybody present. He again tried to catch any whispers but the only voices other than Barliman Butterbur's were voices shouting welcome, or correcting the innkeeper's pronunciation of their names. After Butterbur ran off to see to some other of his numerous never ending duties, the three hobbits were subjected to questioning by the crowd. The sounds swelled and merged into an indistinguishable babble once more as people shouted out, wanting the three to repeat their names, give news from the Shire and give an explanation of what they were doing in Bree. The answers came back as soon as each individual question could be understood. Mr. Underhill, Mr. Took and Mr. Gamgee were, so Mr. Underhill told the crowded room, collecting information for a book he was writing about history and geography of the lands outside the Shire. At this the crowd stopped asking for news, of which the three hobbits had mentioned nothing yet, and started giving Mr. Underhill information about Bree, advice on how to write a book and suggestions for people he might like to talk to. The middle-aged hobbit pretended to look interested, but failed to write anything down. It was this, maybe, that caused the company to lose interest in the book and turn again to asking for news from outside Breeland. Given that they had come downstairs into the crowd, things were going as well as could be expected, Strider thought as he remained seated in his corner slowly smoking and occasionally sipping his ale. At least the fool hobbits had not yet revealed Mr. Underhill's true name, Baggins, or their true purpose. He uncrossed his legs underneath his table and his travel worn but comfortable leather boots creaked slightly. It was the first move he had made, excepting the movements necessary to use pipe and tankard, since he had sat down at midday. His eyes never left the three, although they could not tell with any certainty that they were being watched because Strider had still not removed his hooded cloak or even pushed the hood backwards over his head to lie against his muscular shoulders. The crowd began now to turn to Pippin Took and Sam Gamgee, Mr. Underhill's companions, as Frodo himself failed to give them as much talk as they would like. Only a few minutes after they had walked in, Strider noted Mr. Underhill sit down quietly with his half pint whilst the two younger hobbits entertained the crowd by retelling tales of recent goings on in Hobbiton and other villages in the Shire. Staring intently at Mr. Underhill until the hobbit noticed, Strider caught the attention of the curly haired traveller, who immediately called Mr. Butterbur over. Strider had no way of overhearing their words over the applause Sam and Pippin were now receiving but could guess that the hobbit was asking about himself. As soon as the innkeeper had left Frodo's side, Strider beckoned for the hobbit to come over and sit down. Frodo did so and Strider dropped his hood back. He was revealed to be a tall Man with dark hair, peppered slightly with grey. The face now showing was as weather worn as his boots but still ruggedly good to look upon. His eyes seemed to miss nothing and Frodo felt he was being scrutinised under Strider's gaze. There was something slightly proud about his bearing and the set of his shoulders but by no means could Strider be called arrogant. Belted under his cloak and hidden from the hobbit's view, the hilt of his sword barely made a dent through the think material. Despite the torn, dirt-stained clothing he seemed to be a Man with a knowledge of power and command. Frodo did not feel entirely comfortable in the Ranger's presence, especially when Strider revealed, within seconds, that he knew Underhill to be a false name. Strider proceeded to warn Frodo that the current situation was dangerous, but could tell that the hobbit considered the tall Man himself to be the biggest danger in the warm, comfortable but slightly smoky room. The two younger hobbits, meanwhile, appeared to have forgotten the peril completely; Pippin was still entertaining the crowd by acting out stories from the Shire. Frodo's whole body tensed as he realised which story Pippin was telling. He knew in a few moments' time the tale would turn from humorous to one that would best be kept quiet. It ended with Bilbo putting on the Ring of Power he had now given to Frodo but it was essential that the Ring remain a secret. The wizard Gandalf had entrusted Frodo and his companions with the task of taking it to Rivendell, the elf city grown up around the house of the Lord Elrond. If ever returned to Sauron its maker, the Ring would give him the power to destroy Middle Earth. It was plain to Strider and even to Frodo that Pippin must be stopped from mentioning the Ring at all costs; Strider immediately instructed Frodo to do something to distract the audience. Panicking a little, Frodo jumped on top of the table and shouted, causing people in the crowd to believe he'd had a little too much ale than was good for his little size, so it followed that one called upon him for a song. That one voice was echoed by others in seconds, leaving Frodo no choice. Hobbits can sing fairly well, as a rule, and Frodo was no worse than most. An old song of Bilbo's invention was the first that occurred to him, and he began. There is an inn, a merry old inn beneath an old grey hill, And there they brew a beer so brown that the Man in the Moon himself came down one night to drink his fill. T he ostler has a tipsy cat that plays a five-string fiddle; And up and down he runs his bow, now squeaking high, now purring low, now sawing in the middle. The landlord has a little dog that is mighty fond of jokes; When there's good cheer among the guests, he cocks his ear at all the jests and laughs until he chokes. T hey also keep a horn é d cow as proud as any queen; But music turns her head like ale And makes her wave her tufted tail and dance upon the green. And O! the rows of silver dishes and the store of silver spoons! For Sunday there's a special pair And these they polish up with care on Saturday afternoons. The Man in the Moon was drinking deep, and the cat begin to wail, A dish and a spoon on the table danced, The cow in the garden madly pranced and the little dog chased his tail. The Man in the Moon took another mug, and then rolled beneath his chair; And there he dozed and dreamed of ale, Till in the sky the stars were pale, and dawn was in the air. The ostler said to his tipsy cat: 'The white horses of the Moon, They neigh and champ their silver bits; But their master's been and drowned his wits and the sun'll be rising soon.' So the cat on his fiddle played hey-diddle-diddle, a jig that would waken the dead: He squeaked and sawed and quickened the tune, While the landlord shook the Man in the moon: 'It's after three!' he said. They rolled the Man slowly up the hill and bundled him into the moon, While his horses galloped up in rear And the cow came capering like a deer, and a dish ran up with a spoon. Now quicker the fiddle went deedle-dum-deedle; the dog began