A/N: This OS was written for the July rare pair competition in Wordsmiths and Betas. We've decided because we had so much fun writing it, we'd expand! Below you'll find the original one shot, and the following chapter will begin the TBS journey as a Drabble series! Leave us reviews, let us know what you think or what you'd like to see happen! Warning: language, smut, mention of abuse, fertility issues The Baby Shower Pansy Parkinson stared at the cream coloured envelope in her hands. The invitation inside held beautiful script with a request to attend Hermione Malfoy's baby shower. Over the years - since the end of the war - Pansy grew rather close to Draco's girlfriend, now wife. She knew all the little details about the shower - the colour scheme, the party favours, and just how many fucking Gryffindors would be there. Pansy hated baby showers. She hated uptight Gryffindors even more, and that's all Hermione had invited. What she wouldn't admit out loud was how much it hurt to be around babies, and those sodding Gryffindors would be absolutely ridiculous over this one. She checked her appearance one last time before throwing a handful of floo powder into the fireplace and calling out Malfoy Manor . The fire engulfed her, and she stepped out of the flames into an immaculate sitting room. "Pans!" Hermione squealed and waddled over to her. Pansy immediately pulled her glowing friend into a hug. "Hey, Mi. How are you feeling?" She affectionately rubbed Hermione's belly. "How's the little quidditch player doing?" "The baby has been extremely active. I'm already over this day!" Hermione chuckled. "Hey Pansy." Draco walked into the sitting room and pulled his wife into his chest. "Listen, Hermione and I wanted to talk to you before everyone else arrived." Draco looked at Pansy with a shy grin. "We wanted to know if you'd be this little one's godmother?" Hermione beamed at her. "Really? You think that's a good idea?" Pansy joked, but she couldn't hold back the huge grin that spread across her face. "I'd be honored!" She quickly pulled Hermione into another embrace, kissing her cheek. She smiled brightly at Draco, but she could already feel the tears gathering behind her eyelids. "Thank you. I really can't wait for this baby to make his - or her - appearance. I'm going to spoil them rotten!" She grinned. "If you'll excuse me, I'm going to grab a smoke before all the Gryffindorks get here." She winked at Draco before making her way towards the room's exit. "I can't believe that you got her hooked on that filthy habit, Draco. It's absolutely disgusting!" Hermione crinkled her nose in distaste. "More like I got him onto it!" Pansy laughed, walking out of the room. She didn't start rushing towards the library until she was completely out of sight from Draco and Hermione. The tears were spilling down her face by the time she pushed through the huge balcony door. She was so excited for them - she really was, but it still hurt . Every time babies were brought into the conversation it hurt. It was getting harder and harder to avoid the topic of children. It seemed like everyone she knew was married and popping out heirs. Daphne and Theo just announced that they were pregnant, and Astoria and Neville announced that they were pregnant with baby number two just last month. Fucking rabbits, she thought bitterly. Pansy took a deep breath and pulled her pack of cigarettes from a pocket in her dress. As she balanced one between her lips, she realized she had set her purse down in the living room and her wand was inside. Now she had no way to light her cigarette. Just wonderful, she groaned. Her anxiety was already eating at her, and she really didn't want to go back in until she had a chance to compose herself. "Hey," someone spoke tentatively. "I'm supposed to let you know that the shower is going to start soon - everyone arrived a bit earlier than anticipated." The voice startled her, and she turned around to see Harry bloody Potter standing just outside of the balcony door. Fantastic , she thought, rolling her eyes. Just who I wanted to see. She quickly wiped at her face, hiding any evidence she'd been crying and plastered a sneer on her face, hoping it rivaled Draco's favourite facial expression. "Are you, uh, okay?" he asked awkwardly. "Yes. I'm fine, thank you ," she spat out. She didn't want to voice any of her concerns to him . "Upset that you're too young to be a godmother?" He laughed. She just stared at him. Too young ? She was too young to have this problem! To her horror, she started to sob. Harry rushed forward and before she could protest, pulled her into his arms. He smelled like grass, parchment paper and leather. It was intoxicating. She felt her face warm and prayed he didn't hear her inhale. "Oh gods. I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to say anything rude," he spoke into her hair. She pulled back and looked right into his emerald green eyes; she was shocked at the look of genuine concern there. "No, no. It wasn't rude. I'm sorry that I'm such a mess," she mumbled quickly, pulling herself out of his grasp. "I wasn't expecting anyone to come out here, honestly." "Do you want to talk about it?" he asked gently. "Also, need a light?" He pointed to the cigarette still resting in her hand. She nodded her head and put the cigarette back to her lips. He used his wand to light the end, and she took a long drag before opening the pack for him. He grabbed one, nodding in thanks, and they sat there for a moment, both enjoying the nicotine coursing through their veins. "I can't have a baby of my own. Took too many cruciatus curses in our 7th year, and my father was an abusive prick," she spoke reluctantly. "Baby showers kill me. I fucking love babies , but being around all these happy pregnant women is draining." She inhaled her cigarette and stared back at Potter. "I'm really sorry. I can't even imagine. That's definitely gotta be rough." He gave her a weak smile, and she was surprised to find herself smiling back at him. "It is what it is," she sighed. "I love those two idiots in there. I'd sit through every bloody baby shower in the world for them." She laughed. "Say, how did you know that I'm going to be a godmother?" "Oh, they told me after they asked me to be the godfather ." She grinned at him, hardly shocked. She knew that he was a great godfather - Teddy Lupin was a good indication of that. "Right, of course. Good choice." She stood, stubbing out the remainder of her fag and turning on her heel to go back inside. The party had started, meaning they were late, and Hermione's pregnancy hormones were fierce. Harry reached out to catch her hand before she could get the door open. "We could do something!" "Do something?..." She replied, raising a brow at the awkward statement. "Right. With the baby, I mean. We could do something with the baby. Like dinner!" She stared at the wizard fumbling over his words. "Dinner… with the baby? The baby that isn't here yet." Harry flushed, and Pansy smirked at the boy who lived - the boy who couldn't even properly ask a woman on a date was more like it. "What I mean to say is we could have dinner. You and I." Pansy assessed the situation quickly, unsure how to respond. This was Harry Potter, bleeding heart, Gryffindor Golden boy. Man , she amended as she eyed his frame. He'd certainly grown into himself over the years. He was lean, lithe - his body showing off those years of playing seeker for the Quidditch team. But… "I tried to hand you over to the Dark Lord." she sputtered, her usual poise forgotten momentarily as she stared at the man who'd clearly been dropped on his head at one time or another. Or been Avada Kedavra'd once or twice, she thought with dark humor only a Slytherin could appreciate. "Pansy, it's been five years. I know where you stood. Hell, I was just as scared as you were. Granted, I can't imagine sacrificing someone as pretty as you..." He winked. "I forgave you a long time ago. That year with the Carrow psychos couldn't have been easy on you. Clearly, it wasn't." She stared at him with her jaw slack. Had this really just happened ? Was she in the Twilight zone? Harry Potter forgave her. Forgave her for trying to sacrifice him, AND he complimented her at the same time . That cheeky sod. "Thank you. That means a lot to me. That year was utter shite. I didn't honestly think I'd make it out alive." She shuddered thinking about it. "Dinner sounds nice. Please tell me you've got somewhere decent in mind?" "Well, obviously. I wouldn't have asked if I didn't. Only the best for the Slytherin Princess." "Ha ha," she mocked, playing along. "Let's get inside before Hermione murders one of us." Evidently, Hermione was all too pleased to see the pair getting along, if her sheepish grin was any indication. Pansy spent the next three hours in misery as she was forced to play ridiculous games, plaster a smile on her face while Hermione opened gifts, and pretend that she didn't notice that Harry had been eyeing her the entire time. xxx Pansy sighed, staring at the growing pile of dresses that had overwhelmed her bed. She had absolutely no clue what to wear. Should she go sultry? Casual? She'd never felt this insecure about a date in her life, and that was saying something for her. Being asked on a date by Harry Potter was not something Pansy had been prepared for. If someone had told her years ago she'd be standing in her room, choosing the perfect outfit for dinner with the Golden Boy , she'd laugh in their face. To top it off, he'd been studying her and sending shy smiles her direction all throughout the baby shower. Why would he ask her of all people? If it weren't for the Malfoy heir, they wouldn't even be speaking. Surely the savior of a Wizarding Britain had a handful of prospects falling at his feet. Pansy groaned, flopping onto the bed and sinking into the mountain of discarded dresses. She desperately wanted to floo Mi and get her opinion on what to wear, but she wasn't ready to mention the date. What if the entire evening blew up in her face? She'd be humiliated! "Mopsy!" she called out. With a Pop! her elf appeared in front of her. "What is young miss needing?" the little elf asked. "I can't settle on a dress. I have a, uh , date tonight, and I really need your opinion." Pansy gave Mopsy a shy smile, but she felt ridiculous. "Oh! Mopsy would love to help her young miss!" The elf responded brightly and clapped her hands. "Up! Mopsy will look at your dresses." Pansy did as she was told, crawling reluctantly from her bed and plopping down onto her vanity chair. "Young miss has made a right mess! Mopsy will clean it up!" With a snap of her fingers, Pansy's dresses righted themselves back into her closet. She watched Mopsy disappear into her rows of material, and she could hear the elf making tsks and hmms as she scanned the racks of clothing. Finally, a dress floated out the door with Mopsy following right behind. "This be the perfect dress for my Missy Pansy. She will be so pretty in it!" Mopsy said with delight. The dress in question floated gently onto Pansy's bed, and she