balloon chair .::. She crouches over a white plastic lawn chair, deep in concentration, her clumsy five-year-old fingers struggling to tie a string onto the bright red helium balloon. This was much more difficult than Mags made it look, she grumbles to herself. "What are you doing?" someone interrupts. "Ah!" she whirls around in surprise, almost letting the balloon go. Thankfully, she doesn't. "You scared me!" she says, one hand on her heart, glaring at the bronze-haired interrupter that is none other than her neighbor, Finnick Odair. Finnick is two years older than her, although sometimes he acts as if he is ten years older. Nevertheless, they get along fairly well, and Annie knows that Finnick is a good person, most of the time. "Well, what are you doing?" he repeats, surveying the scene. It's a bit of a strange sight. The tiny brunette girl is standing in her backyard, next to a lawn chair and a wooden table. On the table is a roll of duct tape, a roll of twine, a bag of multicolored balloons, and a pair of black scissors. He raises his eyebrows when he spots a red metal helium tank under the table. "Seriously, Annie? You're playing with balloons?" "I'm not playing !" she corrects. "I'm going to attach these balloons to the chair, and then I'm going to sit on it, and we're going up into the sky!" She's finally finished up tying her balloon and uses a piece of duct tape to attach the balloon to the back of the lawn chair. She then digs out a purple balloon from her bag and crouches under the table, next to the helium tank. He snorts. "Are you serious ? That's never going to work! And anyway, even if you did, do you know how dangerous that is? What if you floated away and never came down?" "I thought of that already," says Annie, coming out from under the table with a fully-blown balloon. She gestures towards a silver needle on the table, which Finnick hadn't noticed before. "I'm going to take this needle with me, and when I'm too high, I'll pop a balloon." He stares at her for a few bewildered seconds, and then bursts into laughter. "Are you serious, Annie?" he chokes out. "That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard! You're just going to fall, and it will hurt . Listen to me, Annie, and stop." She pouts. That's what she means about Finnick acting like he's ten years older, instead of two. She ignores him and attaches her purple balloon onto the chair, and then moves onto another balloon. This is getting easier. "Where did you learn how to use a helium tank anyway?" "I asked Mags to teach me yesterday," she answers tersely. "And she didn't ask you anything? Like why in the world a kindergartner would want to know how to use a helium tank to blow up balloons?" Finnick asks incredulously. She shrugs. "You know how she is." She attaches an orange balloon. Now she has three bright helium balloons. But it isn't enough. She works faster, and attaches the balloons one by one under Finnick's amused gaze. This is going to work. The balloons go up one by one. Yellow, blue, green, pink… She shrieks in delight as the chair begins to float ever-so-slightly and tapes on more, working faster. Red, orange, purple, green, red, yellow, blue… "I think I'm done!" she shrieks in excitement, admiring her handiwork. "Don't tell me you're still going through with that plan? You're just going to stare at the pretty colors and have fun popping the things and then go back inside, yeah?" Finnick says. She rolls her eyes. "It's going to fly! And I'm going to fly!" "And crash," he snorts. "Why do you keep saying that?" she asks, irritated now. It's going to work . "Because it's true," Finnick says. His calm, light tone only angers her further. She takes a step towards him, drawing herself to her full height and cursing the fact that he's still at least half a foot taller than her. "No it isn't," she insists. "Yeah, it is," he says, still calm. She glares at him, daring him to look away. He stares back. This goes on for maybe thirty seconds, just glaring, when all of a sudden Finnick's green eyes widen. "Annie, look behind you!" "Huh?" Hoping that this is not a trick, she temporarily forgets about their glaring match and looks away, and oh, goodness, there's her lawn chair, floating away, without her on it . She exclaims the first thing that pops into his head. "I knew it'd work! It's flying!" "Without you on it," Finnick points out. "Whatever," she says with a wave of her hands. She can't make it seem as if Finnick won, and her balloon-powered lawn chair does look rather beautiful against the blue sky. "Oh, it's going to fly forever!" "I bet it'll crash in five minutes and land in Mags's lawn or something." "Oh, but it won't, Finnick," she says dreamily. "It won't." .::. He stomps out of the house, away from his father, deciding that he will never enter the house again. Ever. Never, ever, ever . Instead, he heads for the beach, fuming, thinking about what his father said, his fists clenched. He walks first, then speed-walks, then breaks into a full sprint because he needs to get away from his father and towards the beach. He doesn't stop until he feels sand getting into his sneakers and hears the crash of waves. The beach is almost empty today, except for a nearby cuddling couple and a young toddler that is building sandcastles. Good. He likes it when it's empty. He won't be bothered. He sits down next to the waves and closes his eyes and tries to calm himself down. His father just doesn't know anything — "Hey, Finn. What's wrong?" He doesn't have to turn to know who's asking. He recognizes the voice, the tone. "Nothing's wrong, Annie," he says with a sigh, opening his eyes and staring at the waters. "Don't lie to me, Finn," she says. Out of the corner of his eyes, he sees her sit down next to him. "What's wrong? Is high school really that bad?" She turns to him, her forehead crinkled and eyes begging. "Come on, talk to me." "It's just my dad," he finally says. "Well, there's not really a just about it. You know about, you know, the swim situation?" "Oh," she says. "You mean your dream of becoming an Olympic swimmer?" "It's not a dream ," he snaps. "That makes it sound stupid or something. It's a plan. My future. Reality ." "Okay. Whatever makes you happy. I think you can do it," Annie says after a brief silence. "Swim in the Olympics, in five years or so." "I want to do it next year," he blurts out before he thinks better of it. He braces himself for the reaction that he knows is to come. "You're only thirteen…" Annie begins contemplatively. "I turn fourteen in a week. So I'm more like thirteen point nine, Annie," he interrupts. "But if anyone can do it, it's you," she finishes with a wide smile. "I think you should go for it." "You don't think it's stupid?" She shakes her head. "I think you can do it. I know you can do it. And even if you can't, I think you should try." She pauses. " That's why you were gone all this summer. Everyone said you'd gone to swim camp or something, but I think it was something a little more intense than that?" He nods. "I've really thought this through, Annie. I'm not recklessly charging into this, even if that's what my dad thinks." "When have you recklessly charged into anything?" Annie asks, a teasing tone creeping into her voice. "I can't imagine Finnick Odair doing anything without carefully planning first. The boy that's such a realist that he won't even call his dream, you know, a dream. He'll call it a plan . It's okay to dream, you know." He laughs. It feels good to laugh. "Better to be a realist than someone who thinks that duct taping balloons onto a lawn chair will help her fly." "I was five!" she protests. He shrugs. "Race you to the water!" And with that, he takes off. "No fair!" he hears her voice behind him. "You had a head start! Wait for me!" .::. Almost exactly a year later finds him in almost the exact same spot. He sits there with his head in his arms and wonders how he'll face his father—and Annie—and everyone . "Finnick?" asks a familiar voice. "You're not supposed to know I'm here," he says, not looking up, his voice muffled. "It is you, Finnick!" Annie exclaims, and he looks up when he feels warm arms encasing him in a hug. "What are you doing here? I thought you weren't coming until tomorrow!" "Early flight." "Well, why doesn't anyone know you're here? What are you doing mulling on the beach by yourself? Don't you know how much everyone has been waiting? And we were planning a party; oh, now it'll be a day late!" she rambles. "A party for what?" "For you, silly!" Annie exclaims with a little laugh. "Who else?" He frowns. "But I didn't win. I didn't qualify," he says flatly. He wants to say more, explain himself, yell maybe, but there's nothing more to say, really. He didn't qualify. That's that. "We would throw you a party anyway," Annie says softly after a few seconds. He feels the scent of honey tickle his nose and damp hair tickle his cheek, and he turns his head slightly to meet Annie's green eyes. She lies down next to him, and he feels someone take his hand. She doesn't say anything. She doesn't have to. He closes his eyes and lets himself relax, just for this moment, listening to the waves and her steady breathing. .::. Sweat mixing into the blue-green chlorine waters. Pain burning through his muscles and lungs. Foggy vision and muted hearing. There's the wall, prepare to turn, just a few more (hundred) laps and when he goes back into the real world everything will be fixed. "I knew I'd find you here." He is jarred out of a what-would-be flawless turn and instead he angrily bursts from underneath and grips onto the wall. Annie Cresta stands at the side of the pool, carrying a fluffy blue towel and a lunch pail, an Amazing Spiderman helmet over her messy brown ponytail. "What the hell, Annie? Pool's closed." "How come you're here, then?" His grip tightens. "Mags lets me practice here late. She likes me." Mags is the aging owner of the pool and a former Olympian herself, although she retired a long time ago. "Well, she must like me too, considering I'm her neighbor and she's the one who told me to check up on you. I think she was getting worried. Come on, Finnick, get out of those waters. How long have you been here? An hour? Two?" He checks the clock. "Maybe six." Her eyes pop. "Out. Now." When he glares at her, she urges, "Come on , Finn, if you stay in there any longer the chlorine will get to your hair and it'll turn green, and you don't want your precious bronze locks turning green, do you?" "Says the girl wearing a Spiderman helmet." She blushes. "It's Steven's!" Steven is her younger brother. "I couldn't get a ride so I biked here. I took Steven's bike because it was closer, and his stuff has built-in flashlights." She sighs. "It's ten p.m., Finnick. I took a whole lot of trouble to get here, and I'm not going to leave unless you get out of that pool." He stares at her impatient but concerned eyes and grunts. Five minutes later, he and Annie