Kitten 001. Milk is the first thing he senses. His eyes aren't even open yet. He's a newborn kitten, completely helpless and vulnerable. But the milk is there, and as long as he can eat, he knows he's fine. 002. He's hungry again. Now his eyes are open, and his mother's milk has just run dry. She is too sickly, she mews. Normal, healthy cats should be able to produce milk for as long as their kits need them. But she is a weak street cat who cannot get food. All she can do is dig through the garbage cans and beg on the streets and pull up plants, while her kit mews and mews for food. The kit wants to do more than just mew, but he's too young to take care of himself. All he can do is depend on his dying mother. And he doesn't like being dependent. If she dies, he dies. She looks upon him pitifully as she gives him nothing but a few dry crusts while she wolfs down the more substantial foods she has found. He's still hungry. 003. His mother's dead, and he feels nothing. No sadness. No guilt. Nothing. He's never cared for his mother. She always fed herself first and then gave him the leftovers. From what he can tell, his mother used to be a pampered housecat until the humans who kept her couldn't afford her anymore and kicked her out, leaving her on the streets. The reason why she died, the kitten thinks, is because she was too accustomed to the soft house life. Too dependent. Well, he's never going to be like that. He's older now, old enough to take care of himself. Sort of. He's still young, very young. He learns how to beg. He goes to the shinier side of the town he lives in, the side with the fuller trashcans, and tries to look as small and cute and pitiful as possible. Sometimes, some of the humans with the bigger bellies will toss him a scrap or two. But he can't live off scraps and begging forever. He teaches himself how to catch mice. He finds that it's easy. The mice are so stupid. He's ruthless with them. After all, as long as he can eat, everything is fine. 004. Begging doesn't work anymore, and he knows it. He's hideous. He'd never been a particularly handsome cat, but as a little orange-yellow kitten, he'd been small and soft and pathetic. Not small and soft and pathetic enough that someone would let him into their home and feed him forever, but small and soft and pathetic enough that occasionally someone would toss him something edible. Not anymore. He's big and scraggly and ugly. Encounters with wild dogs have left him with a torn ear and mashed nose. He hasn't properly washed himself in days. He's so thin he can see his bones. Now when he takes to the streets to beg, people shoo him away. Even the ones with the big bellies don't bother tossing him a thing. He doesn't like begging anyway, not anymore. He can take care of himself. He knows which plants to eat and where the mice are most abundant and eventually he'll even run into a dead carcass, if he's lucky. Begging is just a last resort. 005. Is this how his mother felt like in those days before she died? He's so tired he can't catch mice, not even the stupid ones. He can't remember the last time he's eaten anything. He pads around the shinier part of the town, trying to look small and soft and pathetic. But it's hopeless, and the humans just shoo him away. He's dying, and it's scary. He can't feed himself, and nothing is okay. He pads over to the dirtier part of the town. He knows that nobody there will even look his way—some will even try to kill him—but he still tries to look small and soft and pathetic. Naturally, no one pays attention. He goes over to the fence, because sometimes there are edible plants around there, when he tears his ear on the fence. His torn ear snags on the fence and the wound reopens, bleeding freely. Great, just great. Well, he thinks to himself. At least after he dies he'll become a decent meal to some other starving cat. It's a cat-eat-cat world, after all. 006. "Oh, you poor kitty," says a human voice. He's given up. Too tired, too hungry, too hurt. He can hardly even open his eyes. But the voice is filled with pity. That's good. Maybe if he looks small and soft and pathetic enough, then the human will give him a scrap. It won't help him very much, but it might extend his life by a few days. Then he remembers how ugly he is and where he is. He's in the dirtier side of town, where a dead cat is just seen as food. He lives in a cat-eat-cat world. But the human crouches down and looks him in the eye. It's a small human, with blue eyes and yellow hair. "You poor kitty," she repeats. She reaches out to touch him, and he reflexively recoils. "Don't be afraid of me, kitty. I'm your friend," says the human. "My name's Prim, short for Primrose. What's your name?" He says nothing. "You don't have one? What about… Buttercup?" She smiles. "The color of your fur is the color of that flower. A pretty name for a pretty kitty. Don't you think so?" She reaches out to touch him once again, and this time, he doesn't spring back. He lets the human, this Prim, touch him. Her touch is soothing, and she pets him gently. But it's not petting he wants, it's food . He meows, trying to tell her this. "Oh, you're hungry? Well, I'll take you home to my family, and I'll get you some food, okay?" she says, and she picks him up. Normally he'd protest in some way, but he's so tired that he just lets himself be carried. He's tired, and his eyelids droop, and he falls asleep. 007. Meowr! His eyes snap open, and automatically he begins to flail and wail for all he's worth. There is water, which would normally be good, but there is much too much of it, and he is drowning. Why is he drowning? That girl! Prim! She must be the one drowning him. He should've known, that in a cat-eat-cat world, a nice girl who would actually feed him was too good to be true. He flails around some more, and he catches a glimpse of his drowner for a second. It's not Prim. It's a different girl, a bigger girl, with brown hair and gray eyes, who stuffs his face into the water the moment it surfaces. "Katniss, stop!" says a familiar voice. It's Prim! "Why, Prim, why?" whines his attacker. He feels hands lift him out of the water, and, shivering, he snuggles into Prim's warmth. "Look at him," says Prim. "He's shivering! Poor Buttercup's scared to death. And look at how thin he is. He needs food, Katniss. I promised I would feed him." "Feed him!" groans the other girl, his attacker. She sounds exasperated. "Feed him, Prim? The last thing I need is another mouth to feed. That little animal is useless!" More water hits his fur, and he jumps and looks up. Prim is crying, and she clutches tighter onto him. "B-but i-if we don't feed him, h-he'll die!" His attacker seems to have finally given in. "No, no, Prim, don't cry. Fine, I'll let you keep that animal ." Immediately, Prim brightens up. "Really?" A scrap of food is tossed his way. He devours it immediately. "Thank you, Katniss! Thank you, thank you, thank you! You're the best sister ever!" shrieks Prim, while Katniss, which by now he's figured is the name of his attacker, groans. "The things I do for you," she mutters. 008. This girl, Prim, has saved his life. And now he must return the favor. He doesn't want to owe anyone. He's not dependent, he is proud and strong. It's dark now, and he sits in front of the girl's bed, protecting her. If anyone, such as that horrible Katniss, tries to harm her, he will rip them apart. He has faced wild dogs and some of the particularly mean humans, and nothing can stop him from repaying his debt. 009. She doesn't want anything in return, he realizes. Prim dotes on him. She never fails to feed him. Every morning, food is there, and she is there. She pets him and tells him that he is soft and pretty. No one has ever told him this before. He had long accepted the fact that he was a hideous cat. Sometimes, Katniss gives him dirty looks as if he would be better as dinner, but she leaves him alone whenever Prim is around. And sometimes Prim leaves him, but she always comes back. Even as Prim and Katniss and the mother human (who never helps him, like Prim, but at least never harms him, like Katniss) grow thin, he always has food to eat. Prim constantly tells him that she will never, ever abandon him. He's still worried. He remembers how his own mother was kicked out and left on the streets when the going got tough. So he still keeps in shape. Even though there is always food, he continues to catch mice and sometimes rats. They're still dumb. He constantly hisses at the Katniss girl. And he always, always watches over Prim at night, still trying to repay this endless debt. But days, weeks, months, and even a year passes, and eventually he realizes that she really doesn't want anything in return. Except, maybe, a bit of love. So he gives her this, purring and comforting her whenever she is sad. Prim doesn't seem to realize it's a cat-eat-cat world. Or maybe, she realizes it but still chooses to live as someone who helps, not harms. And he loves her for it. 010. Entrails. No hissing. This is the closest they will ever come to love. He still distrusts Katniss. She's very aware that it's a cat-eat-cat world, and she would probably eat cat if she had to. Katniss is a hunter, he knows. He watches as she brings freshly-killed meat and carefully skins it. Humans have sensitive stomachs, and apparently they can't eat every bit of the meat. But cats can, and sometimes Katniss will give him entrails. So he has stopped hissing at her. But the entrails are not the only reason why he has stopped hissing. It is because, as the years have gone by, he has realized how much Katniss loves Prim. She would do anything for her. And he would too. They have much in common. Two hunters, two survivors, who hate being dependent, who love Prim. Of course, this does not mean that he loves Katniss. No, definitely not. He still remembers that day years ago when she tried to drown him. But he can empathize, in a way. So he has stopped hissing, and he eats the entrails she gives him. 011. The goat, Lady. What a stuck-up, dependent joke. Katniss brings this goat, this Lady , home one day. She's dying and weak and helpless, with a pink ribbon around her neck. And what does Prim do? Prim rushes towards the goat and begs to keep her. For hours, he's neglected while Prim dotes on this Lady, completely set on reviving her. Prim even forgets to feed him dinner. As he watches Prim bandage and pet her, he feels jealousy, and worry, ripping his heart. He hears Katniss boasting about how Lady is actually a useful animal, someone who will make milk and cheese. And he's worried because this means that he might be sent out. Katniss has never liked him, and