title: Quarter Candy summary: Like people, some candy is worth more than others. —featuring Haymitch Abernathy and the Donner twins. For Cee. word count (without a/n's): 5549 Like people, some candy is worth more than others. . It's finally stopped raining, so of course six-year-old Maysilee Donner wants to go outside. "Come on , Mira. Let's go to the playground." Her twin sister sighs. "But Maysilee, I was reading…" "You can read any time!" Maysilee insists. "Come on . Mom and Dad won't let me go alone, so you have to come with me! You're supposed to listen to me anyway, Mirabelle. I'm older." "By two minutes!" protests Mirabelle. But she knows it's a lost cause, when Maysilee's using her full name and glaring like that. Maysilee almost always gets what she wants, when she pouts and glares like that. If all else fails, her twin sister also knows how to cry on command. She almost slams her book down on the table and sighs. "I'll go with you." "Yes!" Her sister grabs her hand. "Mom, Dad, Mira and I are going to park since it stopped raining! Bye!" The next thing she knows, Maysilee is splashing in the puddles that have formed in the gutters while Mirabelle tries not to get wet. "May! You know I hate getting wet! Don't splash me! Eek!" Maysilee, of course, ignores her. Mirabelle runs around as Maysilee chases her, hands full of water. But Maysilee finally gets tired and says, "Fine, have it your way! Stay dry and be a fun-sucking stick in the mud!" "So long as I'm a dry fun-sucking stick in the mud," she mutters. She makes her way to the swing set, which is the only part of the playground that is far away from the gutter so that she can ensure staying dry. Frowning at the wet seat, she takes off her coat and primly sits on it. She's hardly swung for a few seconds when someone else enters the playground. She immediately recognizes him as Haymitch Abernathy. He's from the Seam and in her class. He's the boy that's always standing up to the teacher and not doing assignments and making comments that get him in trouble like, The Hunger Games are stupid and useless and just an evil way the Capitol tries to get revenge on us for something that happened almost fifty years ago. Of course she recognizes him. He sees her on the swing and immediately begins glaring so intensely that it makes her squirm uncomfortably, the way Maysilee's does. "Get off my swing." "I-I was here first," she stammers. "It's not your swing." He grunts and sits down and mutters something under his breath like townies ruining everything . "Okay," she says. "If you really want it…" She begins to get off when suddenly Haymitch stops her. "What do you want in return?" he asks. "What?" she splutters, flabbergasted. "Nothing. I, just, think you look, well, kind of like you want it more than me?" His eyes narrow, and he stares at her suspiciously. Mirabelle wonders why Haymitch is so, well, distrustful all the time. She gets off the swing and begins making her way to the slide. "Really? You're giving me the swing. Why?" he asks, his tone distrusting. "Tell me." "No, really! It's just a swing… take it!" With that, she rushes off. That had been odd. She'd known Haymitch was proud, but not that … weird. She goes back to Maysilee, who is no longer alone in the gutters. She's crouching on the pavement with some chalk and drawing images while another blond-haired child laughs along. Mirabelle recognizes her as Annabel Maycreek. The three of them all draw together. Later she learns that there was a mine accident earlier today. There were many casualties, but the only one that sticks in her mind is Keven Abernathy. . Ling-a-ling . "I'll get it," says Mirabelle, heading to the front counter. "Thanks," answers Maysilee, who is in the back storage room applying nail polish with Annabel, who claims to be their (but is really more Maysilee's) best friend. She goes out front and puts on her customer-smile and peers over the counter to see a tiny little boy with a gap-toothed smile staring longingly at the candy display. A tiny little Seam boy. Mirabelle sighs inwardly. It seems as if she's always the one who gets stuck with these awkward situations. "I'm sorry, were you going to buy anything?" she asks, as gently as possible. She's not supposed to allow customers without money to crowd around their counters and stare at their displays, but she really just hates turning around the little Seam boys. If she had it her way, she would give them some of the dollar candy. But she supposes that if she did that every time, they would be completely out of candy. "No, he isn't," interrupts the irritated voice of Haymitch Abernathy. "Come on, Conner. And don't touch the displays." "Please?" Conner begs. "Oh, pretty please, Haymitch? Just one piece. I just want one jawbreaker." Haymitch sighs and runs a hand through his hair. Turning to Mirabelle, he points at a giant jawbreaker and asks, "Is that quarter candy?" She nods nervously, heart beating too fast. She's been awkward around Haymitch ever since that incident at the playground nine years ago. Haymitch pulls out a quarter and practically throws it onto the counter. "What color do you want?" Haymitch asks Conner. "Green, please!" exclaims the younger boy, grabbing the round, hard treat. "It's so big!" he exclaims excitedly as the pair leaves. Haymitch rolls his eyes, but Mirabelle sees him smile. She watches the pair retreat and puts the quarter in the cash register, humming to herself. She made Haymitch Abernathy smile. "That wasn't quarter candy," says a voice from the doorway. Maysilee. Mirabelle turns around. "So? He doesn't need to know that. I'll take it out of my own piggy bank." "That was dollar candy, Mirabelle. You're not supposed to give discounts, especially not to Seam boys," criticizes Maysilee, blowing her pink nails dry. Mirabelle frowns. She hates it when Maysilee acts like she's all big and mighty. They're twins, for heaven's sakes, and only two minutes apart! "Maysilee, his eyes were about as big as those jawbreakers, and he was so skinny !" "Are you sure you didn't do it just because it was Haymitch Abernathy?" interjects Annabel, joining Maysilee at the doorway with a coy, knowing smile. "N-no." But she's blushing. Annabel laughs in her soft, sweet way. Maysilee glares. "Don't do it again." . She hates how Maysilee's always the better twin. The clever one, the popular one, the adventurous one, even the pretty one, which may seem impossible since they're identical twins but really isn't when it comes to Maysilee Donner. Contrary to popular belief, they are not joined at the hip, they are not best friends, they don't complete each other's sentences—in fact, sometimes, they hate each other. (Except around Reaping times. There's something about mutual chance of death that always makes them reconcile.) "H-here you are," a stammering voice and the smell of cookies jolts her out of her thoughts. It's the baker, Adam Mellark. Oh right. She's at the bakery, with Annabel and Maysilee. "Thank you," says Annabel in her soft, gentle voice, receiving the cookies. She smiles at the baker, and Mirabelle refrains from rolling her eyes as the man turns tomato red. "He likes you," teases Maysilee as they leave the bakery. Annabel offers a frosted cookie to both of them, and they take it. They're for surviving another Reaping—the 49th came and went without a hitch. Mirabelle waits for Annabel to deny it like she always does when Maysilee points out that half the boys in the school are in love with her, but Annabel only looks down and says, "I know." If Maysilee's surprised, she doesn't show it. She only smirks. "And…?" "And nothing," answers Annabel. "Look, I don't really… Adam's sweet, but really only that. If you know what I mean?" Mirabelle doesn't. She says nothing and focuses on her cookie, like she always does when the conversation turns to boys. "Yeah, I guess," says Maysilee with a shrug. "So you like the bad boys, huh? Maybe even Seam boys. Boys like Everdeen? Or Abernathy, like Mira here likes?" She hears her name, and her head snaps up. "May! I don't . He's a Seam boy…" Her twin sister shrugs. "Okay, maybe you're right. Seam boys and Town girls never work out. Unless Annabel here begs to differ?" At this point, everyone's blushing except Maysilee herself, who's laughing. Mirabelle pouts. Maysilee's so good at making other people flustered. Maysilee laughs. Annabel blushes. Mirabelle seethes but she can't think of a good enough comeback. . Reaping Day. Quarter Quell. "Have you seen my pin?" Maysilee asks. Mirabelle shrugs. "Which one?" Maysilee has a lot of pins—hair pins, clothespins, bobby pins, whatever. "My favorite," she answers. "The golden mockingjay one." "On my dresser," Mirabelle automatically replies. She remembers that Annabel had been admiring it. "On your dresser?" Maysilee asks. "What's it doing on your dresser? Mirabelle, you know you're not allowed to touch my things! Especially not my favorite pin!" "Annabel was looking at it! She's the one that left it there!" she says defensively. "Why do you always blame me? And why do you care if I touch your stuff? You touch my stuff all the time!" "Girls, girls, please don't argue," interrupts their mother, poking her room into their room. "It's Reaping day." The twins exchange guilty glances. "I'm sorry," they blurt out at the same time. Because they both have the same fears—the fear of being Reaped, of losing their friends, of losing each other… Even if they argue all the time. Annabel would probably describe it in a nice way like, "It's good you argue. You balance each other." "There are my girls," says their mother approvingly. She steps toward Maysilee and pins on the little mockingjay. "Stay brave. The odds are in your favor. There's no chance you'll be Reaped." She also hands them each a bag of candy—jawbreakers, licorice, fruit drops, mints, chocolates, sticks of gum, and lollipops. She mentally calculates that it's worth at least ten dollars. It's their Reaping tradition. They never get this much candy, not even on birthdays. "No chance," their mother repeats. None of them really believe that, but they all smile anyway. . No chance. Right. Her twin sister sits, stony-faced and brave, on the velvet couch in her brown sleeveless dress, blue eyes brighter than they've ever been, the golden pin twinkling on her chest. At that moment, Mirabelle thinks she gets what people mean when they call Maysilee the pretty one. "Don't die," she says. Maysilee smiles. "Hey, of course I won't." "I'm serious , Maysilee." She's crying, and Maysilee watches her, so much more mature, and Mirabelle feels ashamed. She runs into her sister's arms. "I should have volunteered," she stammers out in between the tears. Suddenly, Maysilee pushes her away. "Don't you dare say that, Mirabelle. You'd only end up killing yourself, and then I'd never forgive myself." " I'll never forgive myself!" she cries. "Yeah, well, suck it up then!" Maysilee shoots back. They're arguing again. They shouldn't be arguing. They both seem to realize this simultaneously, and they look down. "Okay," says Mirabelle. "But you have to win then. I know you can. I'm serious." "I am too," answers Maysilee. "And I'll prove it." She takes off her pin and gives it to her. "This is yours. Give it back to me when I come back." "That's ridiculous, Maysilee!" She shoves the pin back. It's too special, given to Maysilee as a gift from their grandmotherbefore she had died. (Maysilee had always been the favorite.) "You need it as a token." "I don't need a token," insists Maysilee confidently. "This is for you, Mirabelle. Give it back when I