The dress is a delicate white and as soft as a cloud, the silk cool against her skin. She leans into the mirror and pulls away her honey curls with a pink ribbon. The ensemble is complete with a Mockingjay pin, exquisitely crafted and made of real gold, given to her from her mother. She looks like a doll, as fragile and refined and artificial as glass. Only the best for the mayor's daughter . "Madge!" her father shouts from downstairs. "Coming!" she yells. In her haste, she accidentally knocks over a bottle of perfume, and the contents spill out onto the floor. The scent of flowers and sugar and "tropical paradise" overpowers her nose, and she grabs her pillow, takes off the pillowcase, and wipes everything up as quickly as she can. " Madge! " her father shouts again, a bit louder. "Coming, father," she repeats, putting the empty perfume bottle back onto her dresser and throwing the doused, scented pillowcase into the laundry hamper. She stops in the kitchen and takes out the blender, a carton of milk, a bag of fresh strawberries, a jar of sugar, and lastly, her mother's pill basket. She works mechanically. Half a cup of milk, a handful of strawberries, a tablespoon of sugar, two nutrient pills, an antidepressant, a painkiller, and a hefty dose of morphling. The blender whirls, whirls, whirls. " Madge! " her father yells for the third time that day. "Your mother - " "I'm coming, I'm coming," she mutters under her breath. The smoothly blended mixture goes into her mother's special blue mug. "I'm coming, I'm here, I'm here," she says a bit louder, taking the cup and making her way to her mother's bedroom. Her father sits at her mother's bedside. His hair is gray and thinning, his blue eyes dim, his under-eye circles dark. Madge feels bad for making him wait. He's always so tired and stressed and half-dead; the least she can do is be a good daughter. A good mayor's daughter. "I'm here," she repeats. Her father takes the cup from her and helps her mother sit up and drink. If her father is half-dead, her mother is completely dead. Her face is sunken and ashen, her eyes devoid of life and color, her body limp and unmoving. Once her mother was beautiful, according to her father anyway, but in Madge's memories, her mother has always been like this - more dead than alive, brittle bones and decay. But her mother seems even worse today. Madge briefly wonders why and then she feels stupid for forgetting. The Reaping. "You have to drink," her father coaxes. "Please, you need to keep your strength up…" Her mother picks up the cup with quivering hands and takes a small sip. "I put strawberries in it," Madge says in a small voice. "Your favorite." If her mother hears her, she doesn't react. She takes another sip and then pushes the cup back towards her father. "Drink more," he insists, pushing the cup back. But her mother refuses to take it. Her father sighs and gives it back to Madge. Wearily, he says, "Take it back to the kitchen. Flush it down the sink. Or something. Just - just get rid of it." Madge nods and takes the mug of the frothy pink liquid. Nine out of ten mornings, this is what she ends up doing. She wonders why she and her father bother to keep trying. She's at the sink when she hears the doorbell ring. She places the mug right next to the sink and rushes over to the door. Katniss Everdeen and Gale Hawthorne stand at the door, side by side. Her heart does an irrational beat-skip-jump at that sight. She's often wondered if Katniss and Gale are together, but Katniss never mentioned anything about it, and Madge is too shy to ask. Katniss and Gale sell her strawberries. Of course, they came over for some practical reason. They would never come over to her house just to hang out, just to see her. She tries to calm down her heart rate and takes the ripe berries. She loves strawberries, but she resists the urge to pop one into her mouth. She needs to save them for her mother. \ Her mother didn't really give her the Mockingjay pin. Giving would imply that her mother kissed her on the forehead, told her I love you , and the pinned the golden Mockingjay onto her blouse. The truth is, her mother was about to throw it away, and Madge thought it was pretty, so she took it. Later, her father told her that the pin had belonged to her aunt. "What happened to my aunt?" Madge asked. Mayor Undersee ran a hand through his hair and then wrapped Madge in a hug. (This was back when he cared, before years of loving and caring for a woman who didn't want to live wore him down.) "She's in a better place," he said. Madge was only five, but she was old enough to know what that meant. Even children were required to watch the Hunger Games. When Madge gives Katniss Everdeen the pin, she asks her, "Promise me you'll wear it into the arena, Katniss? Promise?" "Yes," she says. And because Madge isn't sure if she'll ever see Katniss again, she kisses her on the cheek, and then flits away before Katniss notices the redness in her ears. \ It's the night of the Reaping, and the celebrations are in full swing, as they are at the start of every Hunger Games. Partying is required. Huzzah, the Hunger Games, praise Panem, whoo. The Everdeens, Mellarks, and Hawthornes are missing. Madge feels sick to her stomach. Doesn't she have as much of a right as the Hawthornes to stay holed inside her room, under her bedsheets, crying and wondering how she'll survive the next weeks? But no. She's the mayor's daughter, and she is not allowed to fall apart. \ The day the Peeta declares he loves Katniss, she's in the Town Square watching the Games being televised on the big public screen, and her heart drops into her stomach. A wave of murmurs goes through the square, and Madge notices Gale Hawthorne a few rows away from her, fists clenched and jaw set. And something there clicks in Madge's head, and her heart clenches. Her feet seem to move on their own, and she finds herself standing beside him. "Are you okay?" she asks. He looks at her, and his glare is so red-hot that she almost takes a step back. Instead she tries again, and asks him, "Did she ever know?" He scowls at her. "I don't know what you're talking about." Madge rolls her eyes. "Okay, fine, if you don't want to talk about it." She turns to walk away because she really needs her room and her bed and maybe a teddy bear right now, but then she hears Gale responds behind her. "No, she didn't. I was going to tell her the night after the Reaping, but well…" he trails off. For a second she turning back around and telling Gale everything. ( I 'm sorry, I know how you feel, I was going to …) But that's just for a second. Her head hurts and her heart aches and her stomach is flipping upside down, so she walks away. \ Katniss and Peeta kiss in the arena. Multiple times. On one hand she's relieved because they get out alive together; on the other she's crushed because they get out alive together . She takes a deep breath. Katniss and Peeta are coming home today on the train, and she ought to be supportive and comforting. She can't imagine what they've been through, and she is here to help. When Katniss and Peeta come out of that train, she's going to be welcoming and give them the vanilla cupcakes she made earlier this morning. She's the mayor's daughter, and she is not allowed to be selfish. Madge, unfortunately, arrives late at the train station, having been busy force-feeding the strawberry drink to her mother earlier that morning. (The drink had ended up going down the drain anyway.) The bag with the cupcakes dangling from her left hand, she carefully makes her way through the large crowd that has gathered to see Twelve's first Victors in over two decades. "Excuse me," she says in as polite of a tone as she can muster, slipping through the crowd. "Excuse me…" She hears someone screaming about how the Victors are coming and the doors are opening! and she wants to shove everyone out of the way, push everyone to the side, and run to those doors. Instead she mutters another "excuse me" through gritted teeth and stands up on her tiptoes, trying to get a glimpse of that brown braid. Alas, she can see nothing but Effie Trinket's ridiculously tall, bright pink wig. Madge can see nothing else with at least three rows of people in front of her. And then there she is. Katniss. The crowd parts just a little bit so Katniss can walk through. But Katniss is hugging her sister Prim, and hugging Gale, and Peeta is right behind her, and now is not the time to interrupt. Madge is not family, she is not a lover, she is not even a friend like Gale is. She's just another face in the crowd that Katniss probably doesn't want. Katniss never did like attention. Katniss passes by. Madge slinks back into the crowd. \ Madge was actually absent on that now legendary first day of kindergarten, where Katniss sang and the birds fell silent and the story of the star-crossed lovers began. Her mother had a particularly bad fit, and in the midst of it all, her father had forgotten about kindergarten. That was okay, though. Even at five Madge was used to being neglected. Besides, she had always been shy and didn't want to go to kindergarten and meet a lot of new people. The second day of school, however, the mayor had dropped Madge off at the playground and told her to have fun. He gave her a quick hug and then left in a rush because he had a very important meeting to go to. School was okay. It wasn't as bad as she'd thought it'd be. She'd stayed away from the other children, and they didn't bother her. It was a little lonely, but even at five Madge was used to being lonely. She liked being quiet and detached. Katniss was quiet and detached too, and for that reason Madge didn't really notice her until a full week later when she needed a partner for a project. As everyone else had already paired up, Katniss and Madge were left with each other. Madge can't remember what the project was about, in retrospect, just that Katniss was a bit too serious but otherwise nice to work with, and when their teacher announced another project a few months later, Madge immediately looked to Katniss. \ She musters up the courage the next day to walk over to Katniss's new house in Victor's Village, because she still has those cupcakes and she can't eat them herself, and it would be a waste for them to go stale. She stands on the doorstep, nervously pulls down the hem of her pale green dress with one hand while clutching the bag of cupcakes in the other, and rings the doorbell. Her heart wildly flip-flops, and her stomach turns upside down, flooding with butterflies, but she manages to paste on a smile as Katniss's mother opens the door. She's the mayor's daughter, and she is not allowed to appear frazzled. "Is Katniss here?" she asks. Before Katniss's mother can reply, Katniss herself comes around the corner, hair in a messy braid, wearing a baggy t-shirt and sweatpants. The butterflies in Madge's stomach flutter about three times faster