frac-ture : (with reference to an abstract thing) split or fragment so as to no longer function or exist. me-rid-ian : (in Chinese medicine) each of a set of pathways in the body along which vital - almost spiritual - energy ( Qi ; pronounced as chee ) is said to flow. FRACTURED MERIDIANS: PROLOGUE MAY 2, 1998. What is in a kiss that makes the heart flare up? Resting palms to hips and lips to lips, molding to one another, we crumble into embers and feel wonderfully touchable. That was precisely what happened to Hermione, in spite of the frigid water that doused herself and Draco only moments before. The heat of him warmed her, coursing flames through veins and captivating each and every sense. She was numb to the world by the time they had placed space between them. She laughed awkwardly, suddenly sober, and so he watched her with open amusement. His cheeks were a light pink as he reached out to steal her hand away into his own. He did not smile. He never smiled. Only smirked. Their lips were irritated and full, heaving from the marathon of passion tackled seconds ago, and from the terror they had just faced, and would face again. Hermione was jerked roughly into his side, which made her smile a little wider; brighter. There was a thick humming of energy around them that tasted bitter on her tongue. In spite of that, she could not have felt more content. His long arm wove around her shoulders. His hand dangled nonchalantly in the air while they walked slowly towards the exit, as though it was the most natural thing he could do, next to breathing. "You're bloody barkin', Granger. You know that, right?" Draco said finally, stealing a sideways glance down at her. He bore his traditional cocky expression. Hermione only responded by reaching up to link her own fingers with the ones that hung lazily over her shoulder. She squeezed them, and he roved the pad of his thumb over one of her knuckles. "That's the popular theory." She replied. "I'll reserve you a spot in St. Mungo's, then." The blonde looked ahead, feigning satisfaction in the idea. "I can already see you instructing the nurses on proper potion administrations." "Well, if they'd only get the dosage right ..." Hermione muttered, pretending to be irritated. The blonde Slytherin let out a snort, willing himself to imagine the muggle-born witch with her hair in more disarray than usual, caught up in a straight jacket with her cheeks piping hot as she shouted at the petrified nurses, telling them precisely how to do their job. Even as a patient, she would never stop being a formidable little Gryffindor. Their shoes were squishing with every step they took; uncomfortable. Her feet were getting cold and she realized that she was trembling more with every step. She suddenly found herself wishing for the warm bed they had shared before, where the space was dry and they needed no clothes to keep one another spectacularly warm. Standing in wet shoes all day was going to make her painfully sick. Reprieve was not always helpful in battle, as it was in those moments that one realized just how dreadful the next moment was going to be. There was a tense pause as they reached the end of the drenched pathway. The door of the Chamber began to slide open when it sensed their presence. It was here where Hermione felt Draco the weight of the war beginning to catch up with them. She glanced up to him with honest eyes, giving his hand another squeeze just to get his attention. He glanced down at her only briefly, returning back to his pale pallor. The humor had bled out of the moment, and all that was left was carnage on the other side of serpents. "So next, all we have to do is..." He gulped. "Fight a giant snake." Hermione finished for him, suddenly nervous herself. Sensing this, Draco found himself more capable of swallowing his own fear. It took him a moment, but once he had achieved the most remote composure, he turned his attention on Granger again. "Too late to go back to being a Death Eater?" Hermione glanced to their joined hands, unaware that Draco was studying her befuddled expression with a glimmer of admiration in his eyes. By the time her gaze returned to him, he was still staring her down fearlessly. In fact, his expression became more firm with resolve, knowing that every single word in the aforementioned question was completely, utterly, and wonderfully empty. "I think it might be a bit late, yeah." She admitted finally, nodding. "Well... it's settled, then." He sighed out, lightly pulling her through the exit of the Chamber of Secrets as he cleared his throat. He adopted his traditional Malfoy swagger, stiffening the arm he had around her shoulders. She already knew that this was a tell-tale sign of Draco's descent into topics she would likely wind up smacking him over. He seemed to be under the impression that if he tucked her closer to his body, the damage would be more minimal. "I'll just have to kill you to prove my loyalty. Then I'll be home free and Longbottom can take on the snake like a brave little Gryffindor." Hermione breathed out a laugh, rolling her eyes. "Do I have a say in this at all?" "'Fraid not, Granger. You're just going to have to trust my judgment." Draco replied. His tone adopted its dry, sarcastic tone. "Besides. What is a woman's role in a relationship if it's not pleasing her man?" He did not need to look down at her to see the shocked expression on her face. He chuckled more avidly when she started slapping his chest a few times, huffing out from the sting of them. It was better than a punch in the face... or a kick in the pants. Eventually, the abuse ceased and she forced his arm back around her shoulders, which pleased him greatly. He allowed her only a sliver of reprieve before he added, "if it makes you feel any better, I'll make it quick." She released a strangled, shocked laugh, shaking her head at his audacity. "My hero ." "And don't you forget it." Behind them, the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets sealed itself shut, over the drenched walkway, the snake statues that dripped water from their fangs like venom; over the eyes belonging to the face of Salazar Slytherin, whose eyes began to glow a sickly green. Mudblood ... SEPTEMBER 1, 1998. The first - and last - time he had spoken to Lucius, Draco had battled tooth-and-nail for his well-built foundations. x "How dare you take that tone with me, boy !" The head of the house was quick with the gesture, flourishing the end of his walking stick and aiming it briskly in the direction of his son's stomach. He had swiftly jabbed it forward, anticipating a firm strike to the gut, but his eyes went momentarily wide when he saw a pale hand react with a breakneck speed. Draco's pale fingers coiled around the end of the cane, lessening the weight of the blow just in time. His son was only slightly hunched, having curled his spine to cushion himself. Draco Malfoy, though shaking, was now staring up at his father with a grim, seething determination. His cheeks were pink and his grip had wavered on the walking stick, but the resolve was potent and venomous in his eyes. "Certainly, father ," he sneered with poison on his tongue. His teeth were clenched. Draco himself was more than astonished, as he recognized his own tone of voice to be the very same one he used when in Severus Snape's presence during his sixth year. Now is the time for bravery, Malfoy. Not honesty. She had said that to him with a smile; both of them at their wit's end, prepared for a gruesome death. They almost went out fighting, side-by-side. She was a thrill; a reality. "Certainly, you should have realized that if I had the gall to stoop to being with a mudblood , that I no longer hold your favor in very high regard." "You insolent little-" "Lucius!" Narcissa hissed, stepping up to the two while preparing herself to get between them if necessary. "Enough! We just got our son-" "We have nothing, Narcissa! Nothing!" Lucius cast a rather cruel gaze to his wife, who seemed taken back. "And now..." his tone was suddenly cruel, "we don't even have a son." "Blood is blood, father ," Draco began, saying the title like it was a vile curse word. "Seems that's the way of us purebloods though, right? Just... ignore the problem until it goes away, or dies off?" He scoffed. "Merlin, we're pathetic-" "How dare you-" "That's how it was with Andromeda, right?" Draco cast his eyes just then to his mother, who had now adopted a horrified expression. "That's how it's always been... just... cut out the bad apples? Keep yourselves nice and bloody shiny." It had been him too, once. He grimaced at the notion. "That was different, Draco-" Narcissa's tone aimed for a sliver of kindness. "Not really, mother, she married a muggle-born and she was cut off. I know the moral of the story. It's been a cautionary tale ever since I was five." Draco silenced her then, and she clamped her mouth shut into a thin line of disapproval. Draco pitied her, and turned his attention back on his father, still unwilling to release the cane from his grasp, just in case Lucius intended to swing it at him again. "You did a number on me, father. Really. Took Granger a bloody millennia to make me see it-" "The mudblood poisoned you, Draco," Lucius said. "That wasn't my doing." "Of course you'd see it that way. I used to see it that way, too." His father sneered at this, showing teeth. Draco only felt fuel ignite in his veins. He wanted to jab at Lucius just like he had been jabbed his whole life. Draco, feeling anger rise with unquenchable heat, wanted to return every strike, every sting of a word, every single thing that told him since he was a child that he was not worthy of anything, except what they deemed him worthy of. You never stop with those books, do you, Granger? Knowledge is power, Malfoy. That it certainly was, and Draco was drunk on it. He had grown up in an ivory tower with a rotting foundation, bound for collapse at any moment. He wanted to avenge sevenfold, the pain in his legs that was a supposed reward for every large step he climbed. Particularly when he had tumbled down the steps all at once, and found soft, earthy grass greeting him, along with a very intoxicating smell of honeysuckle in the fields, and not evil or filth or badness. He had stepped far beyond this disconnected world, seen and felt reality , and now he was addicted to the rush of it. "Guess that makes me a blood traitor then, doesn't it?" The youngest Malfoy spat. Lucius growled. "All your life, Draco..." He began in a low, challenging voice, "I have done nothing but try to make you a man; to make you strong." "Well, then," Draco retorted, sneering deeply. "I guess it worked." In one swift motion, Lucius had thrust his cane into Draco's stomach; a move the boy had not been prepared for. Still, both Malfoy wizards had drawn their wands almost simultaneously. The cane clattered to the floor, now useless. "Draco! Lucius!" Narcissa hissed, trying desperately to avoid this sticky end. "Silence, Narcissa!" Lucius roared back, not taking his eyes off of his son for a moment. No hesitation. "Stupefy!" Lucius began. Wordlessly, Draco stopped it with a Protego . "Lucius, stop!" Narcissa's voice fell on