Fun and Games Gildor Inglorion woke to find that he could not raise his head more than two inches from the surface on which he lay. He did not struggle. He let the back of his head touch down again on the pillow and tried to remain still and silent. Although he did not open his eyes or allow his heart or breath to quicken, his mind raced with the keen speed of a falcon. Something holds me down, he thought. But what is it? Arms at his side, he could feel something wound taut around the wrists of either hand, but that was not what kept him from raising his head. There is nothing constraining my chest or shoulders. There is nothing around my neck. Silently, carefully, he endeavored to raise his head again, then lowered it gently as he considered what he had learned. It is my hair. There is something in my hair. He lay silent, thinking quickly. The surface beneath him was soft and comfortable. As he opened his eyes to see the richly carved beams overhead, his initial alarm began to dissipate. He was in Rivendell, in the excellent bedroom appointed to him by Elrond whenever he stayed in that great lord's pleasant holding, and he was on the bed into which he had slipped the previous night. He had gone there after much good cheer in the Hall of Fire, tired, merry, and thankful for a night's sleep to be passed on a soft downy mattress, beneath cool sheets. Sweet it was to lie under the stars, but sweet it was also to lay himself beneath the eaves of the Last Homely House, in the close security of his own little chamber. He was here now, in that same bed, alone, bound by his wrists and his hair, and he had no idea how he had gotten into this situation. Was he alone? He listened. Although he could not hear anything, a prickling sensation between his shoulder blades made him almost certain that he was being watched. Affecting unconcern, he tested the bonds at his wrists again, and determined that he should be able to work his hands free in a few moments. His legs, which he had already tested, were free – nothing encumbered his knees or his ankles. Whoever had done this to him had either made a very foolish oversight, or simply didn't care that he would ultimately be able to free himself. He heard a pair of voices in the outer corridor, footsteps approaching his room. Two Elven maidens, speaking briskly of domestic matters: most likely servants of the household. As both footsteps and voices passed his door and gradually receded, he decided they had nothing to do with his current predicament. And nothing sounded amiss in the larger House. Feeling now that he was not in any danger, Gildor began to twist and turn his wrists in their bindings until he had freed one hand and, with it, quickly freed the other. Although he felt no loss in circulation, he rubbed both wrists gently before bringing his hands to his head. It was when Gildor felt his hair, which had been pulled into some five score of long, beribboned locks laced in tight, tidy knots to the ornate headboard of his comfortable bed, that he began, belatedly, to bellow. -.-.-.- "You were very good about it," said Glorfindel. "I am going to kill them," said Gildor. "Lindir said much the same." "They did this to Lindir?" Glorfindel nodded. "They did not manage so many ringlets for him, though. He stirred part way through and put them off their game, so that when he woke he was bound only on one side of his head… You must have slept very soundly last night, son of Inglor." "I have not had many nights' unbroken sleep of late," said Gildor stiffly. He was aggrieved that he had let his guard down enough for such advantage to be taken of him. "In any event, they show progress. Lindir too was an improvement." Gildor was silent for a moment. "I know you are only waiting for me to ask it," he said at length, "and I suppose I cannot help myself. Lindir was an improvement…?" "On the Evenstar." "Their sister ?" "She was the object of many a merry jape during her previous stay here. 'Tis said that is why she kept her last visit so short." "Little good may it do her! Do not her brothers' travels often take them to the Lady's Wood?" "Ah…" Glorfindel made a quiet tch with his tongue. "Those visits are fewer of late, for reasons you can probably imagine." Gildor could well imagine indeed. He and his band protected travelers on the East Road, over the Misty Mountains from easternmost Mirkwood and as far west as the Tower Hills. It was a task they had borne for two yéni , during which it sat on their shoulders more lightly at some times than at others, for the world was beautiful and their hearts loved travel and open country. But this was the heaviest that Gildor had felt it in a generation of Men. "The creatures in the mountains are restless," he said. "We must keep a sharp eye even by the Anduin, where they did not once like to go. Some say the Enemy's creatures fear to cross running water, but if ever that was so, it is not now. They avoid the Old Ford, but that is clearly done to skirt the traffic they would otherwise meet there; we have found trees with grooves that show the repeated use of hand lines, and remnants of makeshift bridges elsewhere. Orc-work, and shoddy even for Orcs, but…" "If it gets them across it has served their purpose," said Glorfindel. Gildor nodded. "You said last night in the Hall that you think some chieftain of theirs has risen in strength." "We have found his mark left in places, some of them far apart and seemingly by different hands, which makes us think he gathers many beneath his name. It is Othrod." This last he had not said the night before. He had been drinking, and he had not wished to speak of it until he was of more sober mind. He dared a glance at Glorfindel's face. Glorfindel's features did not change, but he did not say anything right away. At length: "A classicist, this upstart Orc of yours, to take his name from the one who fought Tuor at Gondolin." "They do crop up now and again," Gildor agreed. "Though when they do, they are more apt to assume the names of Boldog or Gorgol." "The harsher the syllables the better. That is the way of these creatures. They would rather title themselves after The Butcher than assume any name remotely Elvish in tune." Glorfindel's voice was deceptively light as he spoke. "So! He has better taste then most Orcs, but little sense to go with it. Othrod died at Gondolin, beneath Tuor's blade. My lord approaches," he added, giving a nod of his head. Gildor's thoughts, which had drifted briefly into another Age, returned. The Master of Rivendell had indeed turned a corner some distance ahead and was now walking toward them. His two sons were with him, dark-haired and alike to one another as two pips from the same apple. Gildor's heart smoldered resentfully, but it was no hard task to wear a civil face in front of Elrond Peredhil, who was the most gracious of hosts and whose kind considerations made up for the antics of his grown sons. "Hail, Lord of Imladris," Gildor greeted him when the two parties had entered within easy speaking distance of the other. "It gladdens my heart to meet you in so fair a setting." "Hail Inglorion," Elrond answered with a smile. "If you had seen my roses this summer, you would not waste such flattery on my kitchen gardens." "Father, you should not say such things. Maybe Gildor likes turnip greens." "That's right, Lord Father. You should ask his pardon." "I think rather that you should both ask his pardon, for the two of you and your absurdities," said Elrond pointedly. "My dear Gildor! I do beg your forgiveness for the gross misbehavior of my sons this morning. My understanding is that they inconvenienced you. It is not right they should so treat a guest." "Forgiveness, if forgiveness is called for, is easily given," said Gildor. He addressed these words to all three of them, but he tried not to look directly at the Twins. He did not wish to give the appearance of inspecting them too closely, and in any case, he knew that searching for guilt in either of those bland faces would have been in vain. Which of them had done it, he wondered, and how? That both had taken part he did not doubt, though even if it had been only one of the brothers, the other would never have betrayed him. But Gildor suspected that their task had been twofold, with one to guard while the other painstakingly combed out his hair, forming each separate slender lock and weaving it snugly in place. Fifteen minutes it had taken Gildor, Glorfindel, and one of the maidservants from that morning to unbind him without cutting his hair. Whose agile fingers had formed those devilish knots in the first place? Finding a new route through Lord Elrond's gardens, the five Elves walked on together at a sedate pace, talking first of the fine day and other pleasantries, then of more serious matters. Glorfindel brought up the matter of the Orc named by Gildor, and the twins began asking questions at this point as well, which Gildor answered to the best of his ability. They seemed especially interested to know more of the sigil that accompanied Othrod's name, forming part of his mark: a black shape like a curled claw. Gildor described it to the best of his ability, but added that he had made a likeness in paper and ink, which was presently in his packs somewhere but which he would give them at a more opportune moment. He knew by report that Elladan and Elrohir made a study of such marks, as they did of all matters pertaining to Orcs. "Do you recall seeing such a mark in your own travels?" he asked. "I do not recall such a one as that which you describe," said one of the brothers, "but when you find your copy we will compare it with the others in Elrohir's collection." "These Yrch love to leave their little scratches where they go. Perhaps it is their bid at immortality," said Elrohir. There was a look of distaste on their father's face, as there had been ever since Othrod's name came up. Elrond had been walking with them and listening to this part of the conversation in silence. The discussion at hand was a needful one, and it was right that the Lord of Imladris be made aware of such matters affecting the lands around him, and the wayfarers who passed through his peaceful valley. Nonetheless: "I do not like that little book of yours, Elrohir. Have I told you so of late?" Elrohir gave a shrug, but Elrond's comment was sufficient cue that the topic was dropped, and the conversation took another direction. Gildor thought the Peredhil seemed bored at the shift. Indeed, they took leave of their father, Gildor and Glorfindel not long after. When they had gone, Elrond offered up another apology for Gildor's travails that morning. "They are good boys," he said, "and mean no harm. Still, I know they can be a trial at times for those unaccustomed to their more…whimsical side." Gildor shrugged and smiled. "The merry jests of the sons of Elrond are famous among all who know or hear tell of them," he said. "Nor is it the first time that I have