Treed by The Lauderdale This story contains adult and oftentimes unpleasant subject matter. Reader discretion is advised. Chapter I: The Sound of Trouble Discovering the band of Orcs was almost haphazard. Many years had passed since last such foul creatures had trespassed on those fair woodlands, and the Elves who lived there were not so guarded as once they had been. One heard, of course, of the occasional raid or killing in other parts of the country, but such violence never came here. The borders were quiet for weeks on end, the most excitement generated by some wandering traveler, usually lost or foolish, always Man, and easily prompted back the way he had come. Honest daylight might bring visitors: friends to the inhabiting Elves or purveyors of textiles and metalwork and, that most prized of commodities, news. It was not daylight, though, but a late night hour. The scout in the tree was re-braiding his long hair when he heard the faint clinking of armor; he touched his comrade's elbow and both uttered the discreet cry of doves at even. Similar birdcalls immediately went up throughout the canopy. The Orcs halted, knowing the sound of trouble but not the direction from which trouble would come. Then the first arrows flew. One twisted beast went down, but their leader was wily—he barked an order in the ugly speech of his kind and the Orkish company disbanded in little units of twos and threes, quickly evaporating into the woods. A strategy that left the Elves surprised and indignant: ill pleased they were to credit Yrch with a strategy that seemed so…well…Elven! Taken off guard, the forest watch quickly reconstituted themselves as smaller hunting parties, but initial confusion had cost them valuable time. Though they searched diligently they found no sign of their quarry, save the one dark corpse already growing cold. -.-.-.- "Nevhithien, this seems excessive. You are aware there will be books in Rivendell, are you not?" Fírhador was wryly chiding when he said it. Everyone knew the fame of Lord Elrond's library was the chief reason for Nevhithien's desire to bide in Rivendell, trumping even the prospect of seeing her older sister, married and residing there these past two years. "I know, Father, but it is so hard leaving any behind." The maiden heaved a sigh and stared at the fruit of her labors. The portmanteau still bulged in an unseemly manner. She pushed down on the lid halfheartedly, clearly unhappy at the prospect of having to repack it yet again. "You are leaving some behind?" squealed little Veisiliel. "Which ones?" "Dear heart, do not be unkind," Eleluleniel admonished her. "Look at poor Nevhithien. Can you not see her pain?" They all laughed at this, both at the sly jest and at the very real woe in Nevhithien's face, though she too joined in their laughter. Amid the amusement Fírhador suddenly lifted his head, his dark eyes quite expressionless. Eleluleniel noticed and stopped laughing, looking at him questioningly. Nevhithien opened her mouth but her father lifted his hand in a quieting gesture and she swallowed the words on her tongue, waiting. Neither girl was of an age for the thought-sending of their kind, but they were familiar with the sight of their parents communing wordlessly, both together and apart from one another. It was the nature of the bond between married Elves to enable easier, more comfortable communication of their thoughts…yet their father looked anything but comfortable at that moment. His eyes flicked back and forth and his lips moved vaguely as though he were trying to decipher a missive from very far away. "Fírhador, would you come here a moment?" called a voice from another room. Consciousness returned to his eyes and Fírhador smiled at his three youngest. "I go to your mother," he said. "Eleluleniel, see to it that your big sister leaves you something to read…and if you would spare a thought for your poor old father, Nevhithien, I like to crack open a book sometimes too, you know." "Yes Father," both girls murmured as he left the room. Entering his Lady's boudoir he founded her standing by the window, looking out into the dark. Thalawen turned to him, her eyes touched with the same faint anxiety as his own. "Did you understand all of it?" she asked. She too had felt the sudden flurry of thought out of the Northwest but had not been able to understand the precise nature of the problem beyond an impression of trouble. This was more than enough to worry her since she and Nevhithien were to travel that way on the morrow. "Orcs," he said, "a small party of them, dispelled at the Northwest border. One Orc was killed, no Elves were hurt. That dispatch was not meant for us alone—I think every grown Elf in the region must have heard it." "I am not surprised," she murmured. "It is extraordinary! To think that such creatures… Not since the Ring War have they set foot upon this land. Fírhador, what does this mean for us? Nevhithien and I…tomorrow, how can we—?" "There was more to the message," he interrupted gently. "There will be an impromptu meeting at the home of Tirnon in a brief hour's time to discuss the matter. I can be there and back again very shortly to help you finish with your packing." She smiled at this—she had finished her preparations for the journey days in advance, as her husband well knew—and he smiled back at her. "I do not think it will be a problem," he said. "We have not been troubled with Orkish mischief for quite a time. Well, we were overdue for some, I suppose. That is what Tirnon will say. He is a sensible Elf, as I hope am I, and there shall be no fear of Orcs in the morning." "What about Orcs?" came a high voice, and Fírhador turned to find Veisiliel standing in the doorway, wide-eyed and open-mouthed. He and Thalawen exchanged a wry glance. Veisiliel was the youngest of their daughters, a bare twenty years of age, and had been a mere infant during the Ring War. Orcs to her were little more than stories—bogeymen lurking in wardrobes and under beds. "Orcs, my moppet? Who is it you have heard speaking of Orcs?" he asked lightly. "You, just then," she said. "Such clever ears you have! Come here my love," said Thalawen, and Veisiliel went to her with a giggle. "Look at your hair, so tangled! Let me take a brush to it," said her mother, and picked up the ivory comb at her bedside table. As she brushed her daughter's hair she looked up at Fírhador. :She is dear to me. I shall miss her these six months.: :And not me?: She laughed at that. :Yes, I shall miss you as well, dear husband. You will look after the little ones?: :With my life. And you will look after Nevhithien?: :With my own.: Veisiliel chattered happily on her mother's lap and Thalawen murmured to her absently, but her thoughts were with her husband. :Oh Fírhador, it will be so good to see our Alageth again.: -.-.-.- In the bedchamber shared by the daughters of Fírhador and Thalawen, Nevhithien was still busy with her packing while Eleluleniel watched with wistful eyes. "You will come back from Rivendell, will you not?" she asked. "I hope I never come back," said Nevhithien. "Oh, do not look at me so, Leni, of course I will! You know that Mother will compel it at the end of our visit. And yet to think of all that I might learn—oh! And all that I might do, if I might stay." "I know what you will do, Nevhithien. You will sigh endlessly and say you wish you could stay forever. You will bully and pester Alageth until she gives in and asks Mother to leave you there." "Yes!" Nevhithien's dark eyes flashed with a fierce eagerness. "I shall comport myself with distinction and I shall oblige myself to talk and laugh with the other Elf maidens when I am not reading and shall be nothing but a credit to our family, and wheedle with Alageth until she sees that I am old enough to stay with her and Belmílon, and I shall dwell and study in Rivendell all of my days, and when you are older you will come and visit me and I will teach you the manners that befit a fine Elf lady and will find you handsome Elf lords and arrange your dalliances with them." Her younger sister blushed and averted her eyes. Nevhithien had been teasing her with jokes like these ever since she had discovered Eleluleniel's growing interest in love tales and romantic poetry. "Well," she said, trying to change the subject, "but it is as Father says! You go to Rivendell for their books and yet you decimate our own little collection. You might leave us some. And he thinks you have only the portmanteau—he does not know what really fills your traveler's chest in lieu of proper shoes and clothing," she finished primly. "There is fine raiment in there," Nevhithien corrected her. "I had to pack some clothing to pad the books safely." Nonetheless she had the grace to look somewhat guilty. "Here now, I am repacking anyhow. You may pick out the titles you want me to leave." Eleluleniel smiled at the offer. "May I? There are a few I saw you put away…" "Would you leave me utterly bereft of Beren and Lúthien?" the older girl cried dramatically. "But do, do—take all that you like. There shall be plenty of material in Rivendell. Perhaps even first-hand sources. I would like to know how they subsisted in their travels anyhow—did they have good way-bread, as we have these days? Or did they live on edible roots and wild berries? They cannot have had a very romantic diet to go with their cooing and lovemaking," she went on thoughtfully. "How their bellies must have cramped." "Nevhithien, you ruin everything," laughed Eleluleniel, pulling books aside for herself. "I only point out practical concerns." "Yes, I know. It has always been your way. 'But how can a hound speak when its mouth is not fashioned to do so? Did not Lúthien Tinúviel and Beren ever have to relieve themselves during their travels?'" "These are pressing questions! Especially when they journeyed to deceive Morgoth in their fell guises as a werewolf and a vampire. How did such guises allow them to answer the call of nature? And where did they find the privacy to do so in dark Angband with foes on every side? Important questions for one who would be a historian!" said Nevhithien. More seriously, she continued, "And I would learn more of the Dwarves, who are so mysterious and secretive. It is said that Legolas and Gimli frequent Rivendell and are a great source of information on Dwarves and their customs and on much else besides. And I would see and speak with the Men who frequent Rivendell in these times, and who bring their ideas of architecture and of geometry, and who bring also their many sundered tongues. Oh Leni! There is so much in this world to learn!" Eleluleniel, looking at her, was struck by a sudden image of Nevhithien striding with joyful purpose down a darkling passage towards a destination Eleluleniel could not see. With the image came a sense of impending loss and she embraced her sister spontaneously. "Leni!" said Nevhithien with some surprise at the gesture, though she hugged her back. "I do hope you will be very happy…" Eleluleniel whispered. Nevhithien laughed fondly. "Oh Leni. You know that we will see each other again even if I were to stay in Rivendell at the end of these six months, which I will not. I do not go for good." "You may well yet," her sister murmured. "Haenes did, and Alageth." "Leni! I