A/N: Hello everyone, and welcome to Treacherous Affairs Part Two! The story resumes from where it was left in Treacherous Affair's epilogue – Draco and Hermione were going on holiday for two weeks at Malfoy Manor. Hermione tugged on Draco's hand. 'What's the hurry?' she said, smiling coquettishly. Surprised, Draco stopped walking. He didn't think they were hurrying at all. He turned around and looked at her. Standing in the shade of the ancient elms that lined the entrance to Malfoy Manor, his girlfriend looked coy. 'I want to kiss you again,' she whispered. 'It's been so long…' Draco's eyebrow and another part of his anatomy rose. Smirking, he swaggered back to her. 'Can't keep your hands off me, eh?' he asked, noting that the trees conveniently shielded them from possible curious eyes in the Manor. 'Something like that,' she said, and to Draco's great surprise, she jumped him, wrapped her legs around his waist and kissed him hard. 'Mmph!' Draco staggered backwards and landed, in a collection of arms and legs, on the grass. When they eventually broke the kiss to breathe, he asked 'What's gotten into you? Not that I'm complaining.' She stared at him. 'Nothing's 'gotten into me.' That's the point.' Then she ground her core against his burgeoning erection. Gods, he thought, that felt so good. And also - so wrong. 'Love, we're in the Manor's entranceway. While I'm normally more than happy to engage in sex al fresco , now's just not the right time.' Hermione sighed and hopped off him, looping her arms around her bent knees. Draco may have been away from Hermione for a few months, but he still knew her every mood. 'What's worrying you?' he asked gently. She cast an anguished glance at him. 'Your parents.' He wrapped his arms around her. 'It'll be okay,' he soothed. 'Mother will love you.' She swallowed. 'What about your father?' 'I won't let anything happen to you.' This promise was the best he could do. She sighed again. Draco tilted her chin up with his finger. 'Come on, show me some of that Gryffindor courage.' She poked her tongue out at him. He laughed. 'That's better.' Releasing her, he held out his hand. She took it, they stood up and wandered up to the main doors, hand in hand. Lucius grunted. 'What do you think they're doing behind those trees?' Narcissa sighed. 'Maybe he's giving her a lecture on the flora and fauna of the estate.' He hacked out a laugh. 'That'll be the day.' Narcissa took him by the earlobe and dragged him away from the window overlooking the entrance. 'Look. They're both of age, and they haven't seen each other in three months. They could be shagging each other up against a tree for all I care, and do you know why?' Lucius, wincing from the pressure Narcissa expended on his poor, tender lobe, ventured 'No, dear.' 'Because Draco's alive. That's why.' Lucius recalled the circumstances that almost led to his son's death with a shiver. While he was still royally pissed off that Draco wouldn't be following in his footsteps by joining Malfoy Enterprises, he was immensely grateful that his only son was still alive for him to be pissed off at. And he had to admit he thoroughly enjoyed his hour-long rant at both Dumbledore and Snape regarding their failure to keep his son safe while he was in their care. 'Here they come!' Narcissa let go of his ear and checked her already perfect reflection in the hall mirror. 'I want you on your best behaviour, Lucius. I mean it.' 'Yes, dear,' he drawled, rolling his eyes (when her back was safely turned). As Draco and Hermione approached, the cavernous front doors swung open. Maple the house-elf again clung to one of the door handles, her eyes out on stalks, desperate to ogle the young lady who turned Master Draco from an arrogant, rude, selfish little b- (cough), into a less arrogant, less rude and less selfish little – oh, never mind, here they are! Maple was nearly overcome with emotion when Master Draco held Miss Hermione's hand to escort her up the front stairs. The poor miss was obviously nervous, biting her lip as she slowly ascended. And Master Draco's face when he looked at her was – was – 'Hi Maple!' Draco called. 'Miss Hermione's here, come and meet her!' Maple burst into loud and watery sobs and fled into the Manor's vestibule. 'What did I do?' asked Hermione, horrified. 'Um…' Draco scratched his head. 'Never mind. Mother and Father won't be too far away.' Sure enough, as Draco and Hermione entered the Manor's light, airy and massive marble vestibule, Hermione was immediately accosted by a beautiful blonde woman who enveloped her in a gloriously perfumed hug – and burst into tears. Hermione, patting the woman awkwardly on the back, signalled a nonplussed Draco desperately with her eyes. 'Mother, please let Hermione breathe. What's wrong?' Narcissa stepped back, dabbing at her tears with a lawn handkerchief. 'Oh, darling, I'm just so happy to meet Hermione!' She smiled bravely at Draco, then turned back to Hermione. 'I'm just so happy to meet you!' she said, before her bottom lip wobbled and she enveloped Hermione in a bone-crushing hug again. 'Lovely to meet you too, Mrs Malfoy!' Hermione wheezed. As far as greetings went, it was odd but certainly positive. Now all that was left was to meet – 'Lucius!' Narcissa's surprised voice broke through her thoughts. 'You changed into your robes?' 'Quite,' drawled a posh, bored voice. Narcissa stepped away, and Hermione saw the head of the Malfoy family, standing in the vestibule in the inkiest, blackest robes you ever saw. His long, silver-blond hair rippled over his shoulders, his nose was parked up in the air, and even his snake-tipped cane looked like it was far too good for the likes of her. 'Miss Granger,' Lucius said coldly, 'welcome to Malfoy Manor.' Hermione tried not to shiver. But she couldn't bring herself to raise a hand for him to look pointedly at; then ignore. 'Thank you, Mr Malfoy,' she said, with nary a wobble to her voice. 'I am grateful for your generosity in letting me stay here.' She grimaced inside. What was she, a Gryffindor or a mouse? But - Lord, he's imposing. Even at Draco's worst – or was that best? - he couldn't hold a candle to Mr Malfoy's ice-cold demeanour. Narcissa pouted. He looked so sexy in black dress pants, tailored business shirt and with his hair tied back. Which, funnily enough, was exactly what he was wearing not five minutes ago. 'Draco, why don't you show Hermione to your room, and she can freshen up? We'll have lunch on the patio in half an hour's time.' Narcissa beamed at Hermione. 'I can't wait to hear all about you!' Hermione smiled. At least Mrs Malfoy was human. 'Thanks, Mrs Malfoy.' Lucius looked down his nose at her, as still as stone. Draco eyeballed his father, but to no avail. He shook his head. 'This way, madam,' he said to Hermione, holding out a hand. She smiled and took it. Narcissa followed the pair up the stairs with stars in her eyes. 'Don't they look lovely together?' she sighed happily. Lucius snorted, a rather ungentlemanly behaviour for him. He pricked up his ears. Any second now… 'FATHER! WHAT THE BLOODY HELL HAVE YOU DONE?' He smirked, which he hastily changed to a raised, elegant eyebrow when Narcissa turned on him. Lucius folded his arms. 'Not under my roof.' Draco grabbed two handfuls of his hair and pulled hard in vexation. 'We're both adults, for Circe's sake,' he ground out. 'Are you trying to tell me you and Mother didn't' – 'Draco, that will do,' Narcissa interrupted calmly. Then she gave Lucius the Malfoy Look (perfected upon marrying into the family). 'Lucius. Take down the wards preventing Hermione from going in to Draco's bedroom. I want grandchildren.' Hermione, cheeks already pink from the fuss, blushed beet red. Draco became alarmed. 'Hang on a minute' – 'Children will be procreated when there is a ring on the mother's and father's finger!' thundered Lucius. Oddly, Draco found himself agreeing with the disagreeable miseryguts. 'Miss Granger will be permitted to enter Draco's bedroom when she bears that ring. And not a second before.' 'Is that all?' Draco was relieved. 'Mother, can I look through the Malfoy jewels?' Narcissa's face lit up. 'Wait!' All heads turned at the thin, reedy voice. Hermione, looking faint, nonetheless said 'Draco, I don't want you to propose to me just to get around your father. He's the head of the house, and while we may not like his rules, he's entitled to set them. It will just be for a couple of weeks.' Her eyes silently pleaded with him. Draco, and to a lesser degree Narcissa, glared lasers at the smug head of the household. 'Fine,' replied Draco evenly. 'I'll show you to a guest bedroom.' Lucius happily watched Draco escort Hermione down the hallway, not looking at his wife, who was tapping her foot impatiently on the floor, her arms crossed. At least someone in this household respects my position, he thought. Two weeks passed by in a lovely idyll, thanks mostly to Lucius spending long hours at Malfoy Enterprises. Narcissa, starved of female company all these years, was delighted to have the closest thing to a daughter she was going to get, and wasted no time in showing Hermione all the secrets of the Manor, the intricacies of the extensive gardens, and, most importantly – shopping until Hermione dropped. When it came to parting with eye-wateringly-large amounts of Galleons, Narcissa was made of very stern stuff. She even began to teach Hermione the basics of the Malfoy Look. One can never start too early. Unfortunately, and as guilty as Hermione felt about accepting Narcissa's generosity, she couldn't model any of the beautiful items of clothing and underclothing for Draco, since he couldn't get into her bedroom, either. And she didn't see the appeal in prancing past her open doorway in her unmentionables when anyone (i.e. Lucius) could wander past, much to Draco's disappointment. Draco being Draco, he wasn't prepared to sacrifice two weeks of his life to abstinence if he could help it. To his mind, there was only one thing for it – sex al fresco . There was no way the old buzzard could have charmed the entire Manor grounds to prevent them from shagging. He hoped. And he was right, Lucius couldn't have. But that didn't mean he didn't have a plan B. He wouldn't be a Malfoy without a plan B, let's face it. One morning, hand in hand, Draco and Hermione wandered through the vast ornamental maze that led from the terrace. Awed, Hermione spent most of her time looking up at the tall, imposing and manicured shrubs while Draco turned this way and that. It was some time before she realised that Draco had stopped walking. She looked around. 'Is this the centre of the maze?' 'No, that can be seen from the house. This alcove is one of the very few blind spots of the maze.' He led her to an aged marble bench, languishing in a shaded corner. He sat down, and pulled Hermione on top of his lap. She looked at the bench. 'I take it one of your ancestors had the same idea?' He grinned. 'Must have had a similar father to mine.' She smiled, and brushed his jaw with her fingers. 'I love you.' Draco's eyes darkened and he pulled her in. 'I love' – but his lips got the better of him, and they met hers with passion. Their first, full, private kiss in months, not having to worry about who was gawking at them. It was like striking a match. There was no hesitation, no uncertainty. Just raw, hard desire. Lips, tongues and even teeth clashed and