1 I was having the best dream in my life it was all about- "Wake up Crane!" Great I forgot my dream, thanks mom. As I woke up my mouth was dry. My curtains were open so the light of the sun were in my crusty eyes. I saw my mom with the same face, happiness. I love my mom, she does everything for me. Wakes me up, makes me breakfast, and many other things moms do. But I feel like she makes it feel more special when she does it. I walked with my mom to our kitchen table. My favorite eggs and toast, as we ate we casually talked about things going on with us. As I finished I went back to my room and changed out of my pajamas into a regular t-shirt that says "Stand back I'm allergic to stupid" and put some khaki shorts on. I took my book bag and was heading towards the door. As I opened our apartment door my mother asked "Are you forgetting something?" she said. I then went back to close my room's door, and smiled saying "Better?" knowingly I knew she wanted a hug goodbye but I always like to mess around with people. "Oh Crane you better give your dear sweet old mother a hug." I went up and hugged her and said my goodbyes and I left to go to school. As I left I knocked on my friend's apartment door. As it opened a tall teenager with a sweatshirt and pants on came out. He's my best friend, Casper. He has stubble on his face as he never shaves, ever since I beat him at a bet a couple months ago and it states he can't shave until he turns 15. That's in November, it's March right now. "Hey Crane" Casper said with his drowsy deep voice. "What's up?" I said. All we did was talk until we got to our middle school. Silver Creek Middle school, the most disgusting, diseased filth, terrible, rat infested school. Silver Creek is deemed as the poorest school in Chicago, that's saying something. As we entered the building it was 8:10am. In 10 minutes the bell would ring so anyone after that bell would be late. We quickly entered our homeroom. We both sat down in our regular sits, as we sat down I instantly put my head down and took a quick nap. I was known for my naps, all I did was sleep in class, except for some classes. One was gym, the coach and I have a fight mostly, he'd try to wake me up and do whatever everyone else did. Well I didn't I would go on top of the bleachers and sleep. That was my only workout in class getting on top of the bleachers. "Get down from the bleachers and do something active Crane!" my coach would say "But I did coach, I climbed up here" I said sarcastically. That was another thing I was known for being sarcastic. Most of my sentences were sarcasm. But there's another class I don't sleep in. Mr. Luna's History class, he's my favorite teacher out of everyone. He's funny and sleeps in class mostly. When we finish his easy work we play games or go on our phones. The weird thing is all the teachers report him but nothing ever happens to him. Maybe he knows the Principal well, but every student gets A's on his test just because we have the top most respect for him and want to impress him. I think that's why he does it. That's my only theory of why Mr. Luna doesn't get fired. But it's probably incorrect. 2 Casper woke me up to Mr. Nolan's 'ahem'. I gave him a sheer look of irritation. He just shrugged, "Alright class today will just be free time, so do anything you like for the next 20 minutes. We all cheered quietly because we know Mr. Nolan has a thing with noise. He hates when things are too loud. He says keep things as a level 0 or 1 mostly. I looked up to see Janet, the girl look at me with a nice smile, and for a second I thought I saw some terror in her eyes. But no way she was the nicest girl to me. Some guys teased me about that. Very immature jokes like 'Janet and Crane sitting in a tree' you know the rest. But I shrugged them off all the time. We weren't like best friends. More like acquaints. All of a sudden I felt like I needed to take the browns to the super bowl. I walked up to Mr. Nolan, he was doing attendance. "Can I go to the restroom" I asked nicely. He looked up to me with a goofy grin "I don't know can you?" as he said that he chuckled half the sentence. Mr. Nolan really has the worst humor, also the eeriest mood. One minute he's happy and nice, the next he's the gloomiest person in the world. I signed "May I?" I questioned. He nodded and gave me a hall pass. I shut the door silently, walking at the end of the hallway. Seeing the bathroom I went into it. Now if you thought the rooms were disgusting think again. The boy's bathroom had two inches of water everywhere. No one bothered to fix that. Don't get me started in the stalls. Most boys just stand at the entrance and take out there phones to do what they wanted to do. I actually had to take a number 2 so.. I think I'll end it right here and let me do my business. Half way through I heard footsteps, well water splatter. Then I saw some feet under the stalls door. As I blinked they didn't look like feet more like hooves. I quickly stopped my business and crawled under the stalls, I CRAWLED UNDER IT! Disgusting, but I didn't want to die. I didn't know what was happening, the next second the whole stall got crushed. I turned around to see a human, no wait it looked like a bull, like half human half bull. I quickly thought of Greek mythology and a Minotaur, I asked myself how I knew, but right now I should ask later. I really didn't act too surprised for some odd reason. Like I knew they were real all along. It snorted and charged at me, I ran as fast as I could out of the bathroom. The Minotaur just broke through the wall. It head-butted me and I thought I died it hurt so much I really thought. I hit the wall, making it crack and some brick hit me. I slid down to the floor; I don't know why I wasn't dead. It really didn't hurt that much. I quickly got up to my feet, thinking my coach would be proud of me. The Minotaur saw I wasn't dead, I grinned because I won't die from a smelly old Minotaur. I thought of some jokes to say to him, but that was postponed, a flash of light came, it hurt my eyes but nothing else. A women, sorry more like Janet came out and hit the Minotaur while he was charging at me, Janet didn't get fazed at that. The Minotaur got knock into one of the water fountains. Janet charged at him this time and took out a sword and with one triumph strike of her sword made the Minotaur cease to exist. Janet put her hands in her long hair. "Stop trying to fight them" Janet said. What did she mean by "them" and was I one of them? Ha see what I did there? Janet turned around to face me. She offered me her hand. I gladly took it. I had many questions to ask. "Janet what is happening?" I said. Janet laughed, "You will learn soon enough Crane, it's time I tell you something. Hurry before the mortal's see something they would believe." 3 I couldn't believe it; I was in an elevator. Janet turned to me "Crane, there is something important you must know, the Greek mythology Mr. Luna teached in our class is real. That Minotaur was real, the gods are real, the monsters are real, and the heroes are real." She talked so fast it was almost impossible to hear her. But I understand completely, I even believed everything she said. "If they're real why are you telling me this?" I said. Janet signed "It's because, you're special" It took a second for her to say special. Wait what? I was special? What did she mean by that? I had so many questions. But I just had to ask "So you're not really a 14 year old student?" She chuckled "Yes" she said. Just as she said that the elevator door opened. "Welcome to Olympus, your home." Then I heard logs burning, I turned around to see Janet wasn't there. I really needed to know what was happening I was so confused, but yet I felt like I knew everything she was talking about. Weird, what now? Not every day I get attacked by a Greek monster, and get saved by a girl everyone teased me of liking. More importantly get left alone in Olympus, and this was my home? I thought my home was an apartment in Chicago. Man I really missed my mom right now. I was walking on the side walk hoping to find someone, but I really didn't know where to go. In the myths it said to have 12 major gods and they had their own throne room. I just guessed the biggest building I saw it was far but I could easily describe it for some odd reason, it was light blue one minute then gray then a yellow/orange color then red then well you know the rest. I guess they colors symbolized the gods. Light blue was probably Poseidon, gray was probably Athena, yellow and orange were possibly Hermes, and red was blood for battle so like the war god, what was his name again? "You best watch where your mind says boy." Said a deep voice, great people can read minds; since I'm special this guy must be powerful. I turned around so see a muscular guy with an army hair style with a biker jacket on. I really didn't care about him. He grunted when I thought that. What I was really interested about was a woman who was looking at herself with several mirrors. Aphrodite it looks like, one of her mirrors showed she smiled when I said her name. "What a sweet kid, knows my name but not yours. That's cute" she said. The guy really seemed angry. "Another one of these kids, I got to deal with another disrespectful punk." Another? I thought but quickly stopped when I heard her voice again "But that one was sooo interesting." She smiled, I really felt like he was about to pop a vein or something so I just stepped back. "You know it was really interesting talking to you Aphrodite and, um-"I got my answer "Ares" he snapped. Anything I was about to say vanished. He smirked when I gulped "That's better kid, c'mon follow us." By 'follow' I really thought like walk but I guess gods don't roll that way. A limousine rolled up on the street. We three got into it. I felt awkward being in the middle, my left side felt warm and cozy, but if my right half of my body felt it was about to cry. I tried to make a conversation "This may be ironic but I never been in a limousine before" I said Aphrodite giggled "Crane we've been watching you since you were born don't worry any secret you have isn't really a secret to any of the gods. I gulped "Great, lovely family you gods