AUTHOR'S NOTE = Set 6 months after the war and Severus and Hermione have a one night stand a month before she is set to take her NEWT exams. This causes a scandal throughout the Wizarding World and affects both of them in different ways. Minerva later needs Hermione's help in returning Hogwarts to its former glory, but the young witches' ideas are simply too different. It's a story of life after devastation and what I hope is a realistic way of representing a possible SSHG relationship. They seem OOC in some parts of Ch 1 but please remember that this is because they are drunk. Please Read and Review and No Flames, please. There are lemons in this chapter, be warned. "'Mione! Hey, 'Mione, we're over here!" Hermione looked up as she passed the bar and saw Ron's distinctive red hair hovering above the crowd. He had gotten even taller since the last time she saw him. She walked closer and saw the large table with her friends and a couple of Order members at it. "Hey 'Mione, I thought you said you'd only be a few minutes late?" Harry said from behind a large pint glass. "I was studying and lost track of time. I'm sorry, but I'm here now and the next round's on me." A chorus of here-here's sounded around the table and a smile graced her lips as she glanced at all the glasses. There was mostly butter-beers and fire whiskeys apart from two. There was a glass of a dark liquid, that Hermione would have said was coke if she wasn't in a wizarding bar, in front of both Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall. She tilted her head and caught the austere man's eye. "What are you drinking?" she asked. Snape looked around and seemed to be weighing two decisions when he gave up and mumbled, "I'll just come with you." Hermione was taken aback and turned back to the bar after saying a quiet thank you that she was sure he didn't hear. "Hello Dave," she said cheerily as they approached the bar. "'Allo Miss Granger, where's your fellow tonight?" Hermione's face went red and she glanced at the Professor next to her who had raised his eyebrow in interest. To make matters worse Dave then said with a nod to Snape, "or have you moved on already?" Hermione spluttered while Snape's eyebrow slammed back down and he begun to sneer at the bartender. "Four butter beers, two fire whiskeys and a pumpkin brew please, Dave," said Hermione eventually. "And for you, Professor?" Dave asked Snape. "Just two of the usual." Hermione watched with interest as Dave reached into a cabinet under the bar and pulled out a 70cl of jameson and a bottle of coke. She turned to Snape in surprise but he was looking resolutely at Dave. She wondered how Snape had persuaded a wizard to sell a muggle drink on the down low, but one look at his stony face showed that he would never tell her. She bit her lip and thought of something to say just to fill the silence; it was a rather long order. "You must come here often then." It wasn't a question but it sounded like it and she flinched when he answered with a tersely spoken, "obviously." She heard him sigh and reach for his now filled drink. "This pub is connected to the floo in the Hog's Head. David is a muggleborn and agreed to sell me muggle drinks as long as I don't advertise it to the population." He leaned back against the bar and stretched out his long black clad legs in front of him. He seemed more relaxed now that he had a drink in his hands. "You don't like firewhiskey?" she asked, surprised; he seemed like the kind of man to nurse a bottle of firewhiskey on a nightly basis. "Quite the contrary; but I make a note not to drink it with company." He sneered when he saw her confused expression and looked firmly at his feet when he added, "wizarding alcohol goes straight to my head." She laughed and reached for the orange drink that Dave had just put in front of her, "We have that in common." "What is that?" he asked brusqly, giving off an air that he didn't care at all. "Pumpkin brew; It tastes just like vodka and orange juice. I, like you, prefer muggle drinks." She noticed that he was watching her as she took a drink from the glass and asked politely, "would you like to try it?" He seemed taken aback and stared into her eyes for lot longer than necessary before hesitantly nodding. Hermione would have laughed at his odd behaviour if it as anyone else; but this was Professor Snape, it would have been odd if he wasn't odd. She placed the glass in his free hand and noticed how calloused his hands were as he stared into the light orange liquid. She took the opportunity to study his form; he was dressed in black slacks, a black waistcoat and a white shirt with a black cravat and a high collar to hide the scars that she knew was there. His black hair was as greasy as ever but it was tied back with a brown leather band that stood out and she was surprised at how casual he looked, even with a cravat. Hermione was actually surprised that he was even there. He had been coming to the order gatherings every Friday since the end of the war with Minerva, but Hermione bet a galleon that he would turn down the invitation to celebrate Harry and Ron's success in passing the entrance exam to the Auror Academy. Ginny had gleefully accepted that galleon when Harry sent a patronus with the names of all the guests. Snape lowered the glass from his wet lips and grimaced as he nodded, "vodka." "You don't like vodka?" she asked as she took the glass from him and their hands touched again. "It tastes like nail varnish remover and bleach" he stated in a deep voice. Hermione wondered how he would know what those tasted like but her thoughts were interrupted by Dave's voice saying that the drinks were ready. Hermione payed for all the drinks and levitated the trays of drinks towards the large table in the corner. "You didn't have to do that," Snape said as he walked back with her carrying two Jameson and cokes. "It's alright, Professor. You can buy my next one." The only free seat was next to the two Professors at the end of the table directly opposite from Harry. "Where's George," Hermione asked as she slid into his abandoned seat. "He went home; didn't feel well," Ron said with a dark look. Hermione nodded in understanding; George still wasn't the same after Fred's death. "How is your studying going, Hermione?" Professor McGonagall leaned across Snape to talk to her most prized pupil. Hermione loved talking to Minerva, as she was now allowed to call her after making the decision to take her newts at Christmas under independent study. "I actually had a question about the theory of Metamorphing while in animagus form." Minerva's eyes lit up as Hermione spoke. "Finally, another intellectual being! I was becoming bored with Severus' sullen debates," she said with a wink. Snape scoffed and subtlety passed the second glass of his special drink to his colleague next to him as she launched into a well-informed argument on the merits of being an animagus. Five minutes later Ginny stood up to get another round and came back carrying a tray of Dragon shots. "Drink up!" "What are they?" asked Hermione. "Shots," said Ron like it was the most obvious thing in the world. "Why are they called Dragon shots?" asked Harry, eyeing the sparkling purple glasses warily. "You'll see," said Ginny with a gleam in her eye "Are ye ready, Professors?" Snape looked about ready to leave as he was handed a purple shot but McGonagall spoke before he could comment. "If you youngsters are under the delusion that ye will able to out drink me, ye are severely mistaken," she said in her Scottish brogue. "Pass over those shots Miss Weasley!" The people around eyed their past teachers speculatively, but everyone took their glass in their hand. "On the count of three!" Ginny shouted. "One!" Hermione eyed the shot warily and saw Snape doing the same out of the corner of her eye. "After this I'm going to check in what you owe me and order another brew on your tab," she said cheekily. At first, he seemed taken aback but then smirked at her in a way that wasn't nasty at all and made her take in a deep breath. "Two!" "It would be an honour, Miss Granger," he said while looking into her eyes. "Three!" The two maintained eye contact while they downed the fizzing purple concoction that buzzed on the way down. Hermione was hit with a sensation akin to the one that someone feels just as a plane takes off. It felt like the wind had swallowed her whole and for a minute, she was flying, but she never left her seat, and she was still looking at her Professor. His pupils had dilated and she knew that he felt it too. It was weird. "Wow!" Harry exclaimed as he looked down at his feet on the floor. "I was expecting fire but that so much better! It was flying without broom!" Ginny laughed at her boyfriend's innocence and finished the rest of her firewhiskey. "Well, Professor, what's next?" Ginny's tone seemed to suggest a challenge and McGonagall huffed and sent a patronus to the bar. "Miss Weasley, I fear you shall regret this in the morning." Dave walked over carrying a tray with shot glasses filled with a pink liquid in the bottom half and a green liquid on top of that. As Hermione looked closer she saw that there was an occasional yellow flash in the shots just where the two colours met; like fireworks. Minerva waved her wand and suddenly there was a shot in front of everyone at the table. "I give you, Wonder Potion," she exclaimed with a flourish and Hermione laughed out loud when the Professor next to her rolled his eyes. "It appears your drink will have to wait, Miss Granger." He smirked and picked up his shot as Minerva shouted, "one!" "Hermione," she said lightly. "What?" "Two!" "We're drinking together, Professor, I believe that we can drop the formalities tonight," she smiled at him. "Three!" Hermione took her shot first and the sensation hit her like a train. It tasted divine, like lime and strawberry on a sugar pastry with lemonade, but then her head began to spin and bubbles erupted in her throat. She was left with a feeling of floating among the clouds and knew that she was drunk. Snape was watching her and she noticed the still full shot in his hand. "Come on, drink up!" she said as Ron and Ginny argued about what the next round should be. The Professor took the shot quickly and Hermione had the pleasure of seeing him blink in surprise and then open his mouth with a very vacant expression that she could see clearly as his hair as pulled back from his face. "Wow," he said quietly, but she still heard him. "I know," she agreed. "I feel very out of my depth already." "Wizards," he said with an eye roll that said that that explained everything just fine. "I always forget you're a half-blood," she laughed. "Why?" he said with an open expression that she had never seen on him before. It struck her then that, he had been steadily drinking for an hour before she arrived and very well might already be drunk. "I don't know," she said while looking into his black