Welcome Aboard! This is a new story, and I'm posting it on a brand new account so that my userbase isn't bias. I hope you all enjoy this story. I have had a lot of fun writing this chapter and I would like to here what you think of the pace I've set. Should I slow the scenes down, speed them up, or keep them roughly the same? Disclaimer: The world of HP doesn't belong to me in any way shape or form. This is the only disclaimer that will be written in the story. We live, but only for a while, Before time staggers on. Sometimes bright and always gentle. Falling helplessly between time. How does the lover not triumph? How does the moon not die? The emptiness cravenly finds an embrace. Only grudge rises as a pleasurable wave. They go to seek another way Only to find that happiness slips away What is time after all... What is love after all... What is life after all... Whispers of Stars CH. 1 Draco Malfoy knew three things for certain. One, he was so rich that his grandchildren's grandchildren would never need to work. Two, his intellect greatly surpassed the majority of his peers. And three, he was very attracted to the infamous Hermione Granger. It had all started several months ago, yet it had already felt like years, decades, perhaps even centuries, ago. The Yule Ball seemed to be such a distant memory. He had dressed in his newest dress robes, his mother sending him brand new ones just for the occasion. They had been made from a new fabric that could only be made in South America. It was some sort of silk, though the materials could only be harvested once a year from some magical animal that was close to dying out. Pansy and Daphne had been very pleased and excited about it. He hadn't even cared what was special about his robes until he saw her. She had traipsed into the ballroom with her blue robes flowing gently behind her, only serving to accentuate her figure and her complexion. Even her hair had been slicked straight and had a glossy soft look about it. The teeth that Snape so often made fun of were unnoticeable. To say he had become taken with her in that moment was an understatement. He couldn't even control his tongue, making a soft comment to Blaise. Draco had been happy his mother had sent him something nice, even if Hermione hadn't noticed him. Normally he would have made a snide comment but, she was stunning. It was the most beautiful she had even been. Perhaps the happiest too. Later, he only caught a glance as she ran away from Weasley with tears in her eyes. Draco had almost burned inside when he saw her run out of the ball. Someone as pretty as Hermione really shouldn't have to run away crying. Draco actually had to stop himself from complimenting her as she breezed past. Pansy had gasped loudly when she noticed his gaze following after her. If he thought back on it, Draco had always liked the girl. Well, it was more so that he felt ashamed by her during first year when she had easily brushed off his friendship on the train, only wanting to help Neville find his toad. So, he really didn't dislike her . She was smart, happy and cute. Sure, her teeth were large and her hair was always a wild mess, but he found that his heart fluttered when she laughed. Whether that was a new ability she had developed, he didn't know. Still, most of the unpleasant name calling he had partaken in had been due to her intellect. He knew it, Blaise knew it. How could he not like the smartest witch in their generation when he, himself was so close to matching her wit? Just because he found her attractive as a witch, didn't mean that he had disregarded her muddy heritage. And it definitely didn't mean he was about to declare his love for her like some Gryffindor buffoon. Draco just found himself acknowledging that she had some prowess as a person and had potential as a witch. He could always blame it on being a randy teenager, too. Draco let out a long sigh and slipped out of his bedroom. He pulled lightly at the collar of his suit as he made his way downstairs where his mother was calling him name. Today would be a horrendous day. It was his birthday. He had always loved his birthdays, yet this year he couldn't help but hate it. Officially he was fifteen. Then again, he'd technically been fifteen for a month now. It was a few days into July, and he had just come home two days before his mother's gala. Unsurprisingly, his mother always insisted that he have a social party after school got out, even though his birthday always fell in the school year. That didn't change the fact that his father let a lunatic into their home. It didn't change that Draco wanted nothing to do with any of this. But, like the good son of a death eater, Draco pushed his Occlumency shields to the forefront of his mind and glided down the stairs to his awaiting parents. He knew he had at least one more year before the mark was branded into his flesh. That gave him one year to figure a way out of the mess without his parents being murdered for his insubordination. Salazar help him! "Draco, boy. Get down here. Now." His father's gruff voice carried through the foyer. "You must be here to greet out guests. " He didn't want anything to do with their guests. He didn't want a party this year. It would only be filled with potential brides and his father's cohorts, "Yes, Father." His mother's hand touched his shoulder. "You look handsome, Draco. Oh, you look so much like your father when he was your age." That made his stomach turn. Draco wanted to be anything but that man his father turned into. He wanted to be the man he remembered his father being when he was small. Sometimes, he wasn't sure if his father had been so kind when he was young or if it was only a fabrication of his mind. Lucius seemed to be ignoring the two, his eyes narrowed on the door at the end of the foyer. His eyes darted around the entrance hall, then frowned. Draco knew this meant his father felt nervous about something. Lucius had very few ticks. That didn't help the pit of dread rising into the back of his throat. Draco couldn't stop the pit of curiosity that fell on his gut. Something just seemed wrong about today. While his father had never been one to show much affection, his attitude for the last few months had been unsettling. Even in the last few years, Lucius always made sure Draco was feeling well and more often than not, would call him into his study just to praise Draco. Lately there had been no soft moments for his father. Just as Draco opened his mouth to call on his Father, an elf opened the front door and began leading people inside. The first glance he got was of Daphne Greengrass and her little sister, Astoria. He had always found Astoria to be the more lovely of the two. Her dark hair was always silky, compared to Daphne's blond mess. Plus, she was prettier too. Though, Daphne was the easier one to get along with. Astoria was immature and very prissy whereas Daphne was calm, collected and quiet. He gave them a curt nod as the next guest walked in: Mr. Nott and Theo. Draco felt the intense desire to disappear as Mr. Nott approached him with that weird venom in his eyes. If there was ever a sadistic man in Draco's childhood, it would be Nott. He was much colder than the rest of his parent's friends, and he always made Draco's skin crawl. The look in his eyes always made it seem that he was looking for blood. Thankfully he made his way to the parlor with the other guests, leaving Draco to feel a great source of relief. HPHPHPHP So be it, Hermione also had an interesting day on July the fifth. It was a warm summer day in a small suburb of London. Hampstead had always been a quiet town, mostly because of the overall wealth in the area, and because of the median age of its inhabitants. Her parents had moved there a few years before Hermione was born, opening a very successful dentistry practice along the main street. Hermione found herself sitting outside on the porch with her mother and father, watching as the evening sunset fell below the horizon, soon shrouding the town in moonlight. She had started the morning as happily as ever, waking up early with her mum to make breakfast, and helping out with the garden until her father woke up around eleven. The ritual was almost nostalgic to her after the last year. Her mother went to bed well before her father and Hermione spent time with him then. It was normal. Her parent's had no idea about the atrocities that came about at Hogwarts this year. She had to let them think that the Wizarding world had few political issues and that her school life was only different than an education in the muggle world because of the influence of magic. Really, she didn't care that much because it gave her a chance to feel like she were normal and safe. "Mum," Hermione sighed, "Where did you say we were going again, Italy?" "Technically dear, but we're visiting Rome specifically. It's almost a different place from Venice." Her mother calmly replied. Hermione couldn't muster the excitement she wanted to feel. A year ago she would have been much more excited than what she felt now. As much as she loved her parents, she needed to be in the Wizarding world, helping Harry figure out what they had to do. She didn't like feeling this way, but some small part of her wanted to stay with her parents and never use magic again, but at some point in the last few years, magic had incorporated itself into part of her soul. Earlier that day, Hermione had received a letter from one of the Weasley owls, it had waited very brutally for her to write a response. It was an invitation to stay with the family over the summer holidays. Her heart had warmed massively, though she could see the sadness in her parent's eyes when she told them. The sadness disappeared once she told them she was planning to stay at home until the last week in July. Then they had broken the news of a fancy vacation out of the country. She had expected it. Every summer since her first year, and some Winter breaks, her family had taken a break to somewhere in the world, whether it be skiing in the mountains, or some beach in France. Once they had even flown to Hawaii for a few weeks. She supposed it was her parents' way of bonding with her. But that line of thought made her feel guilty for not seeing them more often, so instead Hermione chose to believe that her parents just liked to travel and spend time with her. "We're leaving in two days Hermione," Her father told her. "Make sure you pack what you need to this time." She spotted his grin, and felt her cheeks heat. "Dad! It happened once, and I was thirteen then." "Your father is right to question you." Her mother smothered her smile. "You did forget to pack you winter coat and any sweaters when we went skiing." Hermione bit her lip. She didn't really have a retort