It had been almost four months since the fall of Saturn, the death toll had been high and the only thing the camp needed was strong leaders. Obviously however, Fortuna wasn't on our side – I knew we should have worshipped her more than one feast a year. Jason, our Praetor Son of Jupiter (our camp's namesake), was missing. My name is Reyna – the other Praetor. We were about the begin the war games which was probably the only thing the camp looked forward to. "Centurions, you and your troops have one hour for dinner. Then we will meet on the field of Mars, the First and Second cohorts will defend. The Third, Fourth and Fifth Cohorts will attack. Good Fortune." I said to the crowd of Roman Warriors before me and the cheered at the mention of the games. I was making my way through camp towards the mess hall with Argentum and Aurum when Octavian called my name. I waited for him to catch up before walking in sync towards the mess hall. "I've had a message form the Auguries" "Do go on…" I said trailing my voice. "I was reading the auguries … and well … I found this book inside it" He said handing me a book titled 'Percy Jackson'. "and there was a note." I snatched the note from his hand and began to read. "Take these to the mess hall, this is something the whole camp must hear." I marched off towards the hall with my dogs in tow. "Romans, I have an announcement" I exclaimed in front the entire Twelfth Legion, they quietened immediately at the sound of my voice. "Octavian has received word from the gods." "B-but they've been silent for ages. Why answer now?" Mike Kahale, centurion of the First Cohort asked. "I'm not quite sure. But they left a note. It says quite simply 'read it, you may find out about some interesting people'" "How do we know that's from the gods?" Dakota asked "We don't" I answered "It's quite obvious that it is though" A voice from the shadows said, a few people jumped as they are not used to the Son of Pluto appearing mysteriously, and from the corner of the room came Nico Di Angelo (Ambassador of Pluto), "gods are like that. Mysterious and what-not" "The book doesn't seem to have one set storyline; every chapter seems different … or at least I think it is?" I guessed "Let's begin, Chapter 1: I Accidently Vaporize my Pre-Algebra Teacher" "How do you do that accidently?" A member of the first cohort asked, she didn't get an answer. Look, I didn't want to be a half-blood. "What's wrong with being a half-blood?" Frank Zhang (New member of the Fifth Cohort) asked "I bet their graecus" Octavian sneered If you're reading this because you think you might be one, my advice is: close this book right now. Believe whatever lie your mom or dad told you about your birth, and try to lead a normal life. Being a half-blood is dangerous. It's scary. Most of the time, it gets you killed in painful, nasty ways. If you're a normal kid, reading this because you think it's fiction, great. Read on. I envy you for being able to believe that none of this ever happened. But if you recognize yourself in these pages-if you feel something stirring inside-stop reading immediately. You might be one of us. And once you know that, it's only a matter of time before they sense it too, and they'll come for you. Don't say I didn't warn you. "He's quite funny" Hank, a son of Apollo said and a few people laughed with him My name is Percy Jackson. At the sound of the name, Nico gasped, quite loudly too. I turned to him, "Do you know this Percy Jackson, Nico?" I asked obtaining the attention of the legion. "I've heard of him. I think he's in the Underworld now like. I think he's in Elysium." He answered. I almost felt sorry for this Jackson child, obviously, he didn't get trained enough. Glancing around you could see the sympathetic looks on the legion's faces. I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Am I a troubled kid? Yeah. You could say that. I could start at any point in my short miserable life to prove it, but things really started going bad last May, when our sixth-grade class took a field trip to Manhattan-twenty-eight mental-case kids and two teachers on a yellow school bus, heading to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. I know-it sounds like torture. Most Yancy field trips were. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. You wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had this awesome collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep. I hoped the trip would be okay. At least, I hoped that for once I wouldn't get in trouble. Boy, was I wrong. "Obviously, someone didn't pray to Fortuna." Teased Dakota who was already drunk on over-sugared Cool Aid. See, bad things happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway. And before that, at my fourth-grade school, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, I sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim. And the time before that . . . Well, you get the idea. "He may be dead but this kid is a genius" A son of Mercury exclaimed earning him a few laughs from his fellow cohort members. This trip, I was determined to be good. All the way into the city, I put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my best friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks of peanut butter-and-ketchup sandwich. Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On top of all that, he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from P.E. for the rest of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair, and she knew I couldn't do anything back to her because I was already on probation. The headmaster had threatened me with death-by-in-school-suspension if anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened on this trip. "I'm going to kill her," I mumbled. Grover tried to calm me down. "It's okay. I like peanut butter." "He may like peanut butter but probably not in his hair" Gwen a daughter of Venus said, trust her to focus on the guy's hair. He dodged another piece of Nancy's lunch. "That's it." I started to get up, but Grover pulled me back to my seat. "You're already on probation," he reminded me. "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens." Looking back on it, I wish I'd decked Nancy Bobofit right then and there. In-school suspension would've been nothing compared to the mess I was about to get myself into. Mr. Brunner led the museum tour. He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black-and-orange pottery. It blew my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand, three thousand years. He gathered us around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top, and started telling us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl about our age. He told us about the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen to what he had to say, because it was kind of interesting, but everybody around me was talking, and every time I told them to shut up, the other teacher chaperone, Mrs. Dodds, would give me the evil eye. Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket, even though she was fifty years old. She looked mean enough to ride a Harley right into your locker. She had come to Yancy halfway through the year, when our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured I was devil spawn. She would point her crooked finger at me and say, "Now, honey," real sweet, and I knew I was going to get after-school detention for a month. One time, after she'd made me erase answers out of old math workbooks until midnight, I told Grover I didn't think Mrs. Dodds was human. He looked at me real serious and said, "You're absolutely right." "Do you think she's a monster?" a member of the fifth cohort said, I replied with a look that said 'obviously'. Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art. "Stupid Graecus" some the people in the legion murmured Finally, Nancy Bobofit snickered something about the naked guy on the stele, and I turned around and said, "Will you shut up?" It came out louder than I meant it to. The whole group laughed. Mr. Brunner stopped his story. "Mr. Jackson," he said, "did you have a comment?" My face was totally red. I said, "No, sir." Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the pictures on the stele. "Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents?" I looked at the carving, and felt a flush of relief, because I actually recognized it. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" "Kronus is Saturn right?" Leila said. No one answered her, I mean we just had a war against him in August, we may not have seen Kronus but she should know that. "Yes," Mr. Brunner said, obviously not satisfied. "And he did this because . . ." "Well . . ." I racked my brain to remember. "Kronos was the king god, and-" "God?" Mr. Brunner asked. "Titan," I corrected myself. "And . . . he didn't trust his kids, who were the gods. So, um, Kronos ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters-" "Eeew!" said one of the girls behind me. "-and so there was this big fight between the gods and the titans," I continued, "and the gods won." Some snickers from the group. Behind me, Nancy Bobofit mumbled to a friend, "Like we're going to use this in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" "And why, Mr. Jackson," Brunner said, "to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" "Busted," Grover muttered. "Shut up," Nancy hissed, her face even brighter red than her hair. At least Nancy got packed, too. Mr. Brunner was the only one who ever caught her saying anything wrong. He had radar ears. I thought about his question, and shrugged. "I