FAGE 9: The Last Ride Title: A Dance with a Gentleman. Written for: Cruz Fanfiction/ Cruiz107 Written By: Deonne Rating: M Summary/Prompt used: Prompt 1. I Don't Mind –Usher. Rocking… Grinding… Swaying… all this can happen when dancing with just about anyone, but when dancing with a gentleman; well it's so much more. Words: 6361 Beta'ed by: Tammy, thank you so much, you turned my poor grammatical tale into an amazing story. You dear woman rock. Banner by Chantel Knight, you are amazing! So so so so smexy and you teased so well As per usual, and with much sadness I have to admit that I do not own Twilight or the rights to it. I do own the books (and my daughter has two sets!) as well as the DVD's. I also own a very dirty cheeky mind, that I'm letting you have a sneak peek into. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the Facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-9-The-Last-Ride/93625/ "What's taking so long?" my friend and partner Emmett groaned as we stood at the front door of our final client of the evening. Working through college had made life easier. All I had to worry about was my roommate finding out, but when said roomie is the one who unknowingly hires you for his sister's birthday, it blows up in your face. That's how Emmett found out about my part time job and made my life hell for a few weeks. His sister, Alice, was all for coming to visit every chance she could once the cat was out of the bag; she had some ungodly thought that she would be able to save me from my work… what she didn't know was that while some people think it's demeaning, it's a big ego boost for a scrawny kid from a no name town to have women fawning all over him. It took her brother suddenly filling in for me when she hired me for a friend's "Hen's Night". After that night three years ago I gained a partner. Now, working with a partner, well you'd think the pay would be shit and the cash flow would drop. Yet having Emmett with me, we made more than triple what we would have on our own. We couldn't have been more different in appearance and personality, but it worked for us. "Hi, you must be from the agency, Leah's inside. She's gonna flip!" the short red-head smiled as she grabbed both our hands and took us into the kitchen. "Shit, sorry, I'm Maggie, the sister of the bride. You must be Eric and Taylor, correct? When I spoke to Jake on the phone he said I needed to have some water and a decent system for you. Cash up front and then you'd tell me what the rules were for the group." She blurted as she moved around the bench grabbing water bottles and food before setting it down in front of us. "Maggie, breathe." Emmett laughed as the small woman moved like she'd had one too many energy drinks. "Sorry, sorry. It's just, well, Issy wouldn't do this part. She knows what's what and how everything is meant to happen. It's kinda hard to not want to stare but she said since I'm hosting it's my job to make sure that it happens as it's meant to." She groaned before falling onto the small stool beside us. "Okay, so what Jake said was right. You just need to have some water and a kick ass system and we'll supply the rest. The rules are simple; as this is a big party by the sounds of it, there is to be no touching unless we place your hands there. Screaming, panting and the occasional bra being thrown is all good." I winked, trying to calm her down. Thankfully she laughed and began to relax. "Just enjoy yourselves, and remember the no touching rule, everything will be fine." Emmett smiled, showing off his dimples which somehow seemed to make everyone melt. "Okay, so I'll just go and set everything up. How long will you need to be ready?" she smiled before standing up. "Give us ten minutes, it should also give you enough time to warn everyone about the rules and move any other unnecessary furniture out of the way." Nodding, we watched as she made her way back to the party. "Shit, think she might need the dance more than the bride-to-be." Emmett laughed as he started pulling his clothes from the bag. "I'm more interested in this Issy chick. Hope she isn't one of those who want to do the stripper, then again if she's hot, who knows." I chuckled as I grabbed my clothes and started dressing, knowing I wouldn't do anything regardless. "Could you imagine, maybe she's a stripper herself, I mean she apparently knows all the ins and outs of this. Fuck, let's hope she doesn't pull an Alice." We both groaned as we oiled up our chests and grabbed the white shirts that we wore underneath. Finishing up, we heard the squealing of what had to be at least twenty women from the other room as the screeching of heavy furniture against the wooden flooring rang through the air. "Sit your ass down Jess, this isn't your night." The sexiest voice I'd ever heard called over the noise. A few laughs and a grumbled bitch later Maggie knocked on the door. "Show time. Dude, did I ever thank you for hooking me up with this? Cause fuck, man, tonight sounds wild." Emmett slapped my back before slamming the door open and starting the show. "Ladies, ladies, lay-dees. There is more than enough to go around. But as someone said this is a special night and we need to say good bye to someone as sinfully hot as Leah. Sweetheart you sure we can't tempt you to leave whoever he is and run away with me and Taylor?" the screams, laughter and moans rang thought the room as Emmett made his way towards the woman sitting on the chair. It never failed to amaze me the reactions we received when we walked into the room. If it was a birthday the guest of honour would be smashed and grabbing everything she could. Bachelorette parties were an interesting concept to work; they wanted to have that final night of freedom; yet not touch and have it seen as cheating. But my favourite by far had to be the virgins. Didn't matter if they'd ever had sex or not, those on their first time seeing an exotic dancer blushed and stuttered throughout the night. It didn't even matter if it was for them or not. It made the show so much more entertaining for everyone. The little squeaks and stuttered curses only encouraged me to push until they couldn't take anymore. "Where the hell did she find them? I can't choose who's better," "Oh my god, I wouldn't mind going to be with either of them. She's been holding out on us." I smirked as I walked past a few of the ladies, doubting I was meant to hear the conversation. "Eric, a lady like Leah I'm sure would love to play with you…" I smiled as she blushed slightly, her eyes bouncing from his chest to his crotch so many times, I wasn't sure if she realised it or not. "Well, let's not keep the lady waiting." Nodding towards the stereo I watched as Emmett stepped up into her personal space, no doubt giving her the rules that we both agreed on. Waiting until he stood, I prepped the stereo. I could see that most of these women were already searching their handbags and purses for money. It had only been a few minutes since we'd walked into the room, but you could already see a few fanning themselves with what they had pulled out. No doubt Maggie had forewarned them. Pressing play, I moved forward into the crowd, playing with a few of the ladies. Part of what made Emm and I such a good team was that we weren't afraid to play to the audience. While one would dance, the other would work the crowd. A few not-so-innocent touches, a little moaning as you pressed up into their personal space and it wouldn't take long until the bills were being tucked away. As Emmett rocked his body against Leah, I continued walking through the guests. It was interesting to watch them as the women moved without thought. Those more confident in themselves towards the front, while those more reserved towards the back of the crowd. Leaving those closer to the front to enjoy Emm's performance I headed towards the small gathering of women in the back. "Ladies, don't be shy now." I smiled as I watched a few blush and giggle. "Not shy, just appreciative." The same voice that called out earlier spoke from behind me. In my line of work, I ran into all kinds of women, and I'd come to appreciate them in all forms. I'd also never once had even the slightest thought of sleeping with a client. It wasn't unheard of, and hell I knew Emm had a few times. I could and had partied with them afterward, but I had always declined anything more. Yet before me stood someone I couldn't stop myself from wanting to take home. Long brown hair, big brown eyes, and fuck me if she didn't have an amazing body to match. She wasn't dressed to impress, a simple pair of jeans and t-shirt, but it fit her. Hell she wasn't even wearing heels, just a pair of Vans. I'd never been so tempted in my career. I could already feel the tightening of the denim around my cock. "Issy," she held her hand out to me, breaking me from my very obvious eye-fuck. "J- Taylor. Pleasure to meet you ma'am." I smiled as I kissed her hand, my accent coming through proud and strong. "Well Taylor, it may be a pleasure, but I think you might be up… and might I suggest you take Miss Maggie as your chosen?" she cocked her brow, a knowing smirk on her face spoke loud and clear. She caught the fuckup with my name. Stepping away from the tempting woman, I headed towards the front of the room as Emm helped Leah from her seat. I could see his G-string filled with bills and a few cards. What didn't fit had either been tossed or fallen and sat on the floor around his feet. Smiling as he helped Leah towards the lounge, pulling her closer to him, I searched for Maggie, finding her sitting in the back with Issy and a few others. I couldn't help but smirk as I started towards her, her eyes getting impossibly bigger with each step I made towards her. "Issy, what did you do, you know I don't have the first clue about all this." She pleaded as her head whipped between the two of us. "Exactly, enjoy hon and remember the rules." She kissed her cheek before helping me lead her towards the seat. "Hmm, you've never had a dance before," I smiled softly, my eyes never leaving hers. "Oh now I definitely have to show you how it's done." "What the hell?!" Leah called, laughing as she joined her friend at the front of the room. "I know you, enjoy and you're welcome." Issy smiled before she slung her arm around her friend's back. Winking, I started moving as the beat rang through the room. Stalking towards the chair I fell to my knees a few steps in front of her, before crawling to her feet. She sat so prim and proper that it made the next move so much the better. Trailing