Originally an entry to Tricky Raven's Christmas competition that I didn't get completed on time. I am not SM, I do not have any say on any legal matters concerning the author or her works, I am simply a woman who loves to use the magical characters in which SM brought to life. This story is un-beta-ed, all mistakes are mine. Wishing you a Merry Christmas, Happy holidays, and all the other wonderful days of celebrations on today. He stood there, head down, one hand holding the receiver the other raking through his hair, catching it at the end only to pull it roughly. With his back to me, I watched as he shuttered, the muscles rippling, almost as if he were about to phase. As his imprint, I was told the strain of what a wolf goes through. Their apparent need to make sure their lands and people were safe. That same pull was only trumped by the pull of their imprint; her needs are even more important than their own. The journals told of when times were hard, the wolf would starve themselves just to make sure that the imprint had enough to nourish their bodies. But now, I had to wonder what the gods were thinking. It was a curse on him to be landed with me. "It's not the same Jake, she's not the same." He growled into the phone, sending a chill down my back. I couldn't move, it was like a train wreck and I just couldn't turn away. I was an idiot, standing there waiting for the next words; knowing that I was the she he was talking about. I jumped as his fist hit the wall, the drywall dented and small could of powder surrounding the impact area. "Don't you fucking get it, I love her, but she's not the same girl I fell in love with." He muttered, as my heart shattered. I couldn't hold the gasp that escaped, giving myself away. I staggered, knocking the bowl if fruit I had put down just his morning for him and the guys to try and get them to eat something while I started on breakfast. I couldn't feel the glass as I stepped on it, though I knew that I'd started bleeding from where it cut me. "Fuck! Bella, please stop, let me explain." I heard the yelling of Jake and god knew who else through the phone, but I just couldn't understand it. There stood the man that I gave everything to and he said he no longer loved me. "Baby… stop… please. You're going to hurt yourself more." he stepped forward, my instincts finally kicking in making me step back; the sound of glass crushing and the piercing of more skin. My head was shaking, my hand behind me making sure I didn't fall and hurt myself more than I already had been. "All you have to do is ask. I can love you enough to let you go." I could hear it in my own voice. My heart may be beating, blood running though my veins, body moving and my lungs filling with air to keep me going… but I was already dying on the inside. My secret would remain mine. As my hand finally met with the stair wall I turned and ran up the steps, not stopping until I was in the bathroom where I could lock the door and have some illusion of privacy as my heart gave into the complete destruction of knowing the only love he had for me was because it was what the gods decreed. I sat on the toilet pulling the shards of glass from my ripped and red feet. I could hear the sounds of wolves in the yard. The howling rang through the small community I was sure. It was as if they could feel the pain I had rippling though me, like it was their own. Stopping only when I couldn't see anymore, I shut my mind down; thinking only led to more pain. Methodically I went through the process of stripping and stepping into the shower, turning on the water as hot as I could stand. I knew that this, this was the only way I was going to feel the same warmth as I did every night I slept in his arms. I had to force myself from grabbing his body wash, smelling him on me would only hurt more. I could feel him still here, undoubtedly behind the same door that I had locked. The pull to him would never change. His claim on me could never be broken, well not in a literal sense. No, I could break it for him, break the ties to tether him to me, but it wouldn't change the titanium rods tying me to him. I was sure I could hide the pain when I saw him around with others, and I would never let him see it. I'd be a living embodiment of a Barbie, I could smile, but it would be plastic. I sobbed as the images my mind brought to the fore front, images I'm sure would come to life in a few short weeks. How could he not, men like him, respected by the tribal elders, who looked like an Adonis on earth. No, he'd be snatched up faster than the winning lotto ticket given freely away on Craig's List. I sat there under the water until it ran cold, and my body shook from not just the pain of my heart breaking. I couldn't stay in here forever, as much as I would want to. I would have to leave my prison. Stepping out I grabbed the clean towel I put in here this morning, ironically it was one of the few things I still had from when I first moved in with him. I looked at the woman in the mirror, trying to match her with the same girl I saw this morning. How much had changed in twelve hours. This morning these eyes shone with tears of happiness, now they were clouded with pain and defeat. My cheeks were rosy, flushed with dreams of a future I thought we both wanted, now they were white, a ghost of what they once were. My hair still hung the same, but even there I could see that it would only be a few days before it too joined the rest of me. Mourning a life I thought would be forever. Stealing my heart and head for what I knew was waiting for me, I opened the door. He knelt there, head down, his hands resting on his thighs with his palms up. The only indication that he was alive was his shoulders as they rose and fell with each breath. I could hear the noise from downstairs, the racket stopping suddenly; they were waiting just as much as he was. Did they all want the bond broken? Was my family no longer mine to claim? Closing my eyes I took a deep breath. "If you can give me a few days, I'll have my things taken away. You won't see u… me again. When it's all gone I'll perform the ritual." My voice breaking as I once more ran. It seems I was starting a habit. . . . For the next few days I avoided everyone and everything that had to do with the pack. A hard thing to do since this was their home, just as much as it once was mine. I packed my belongings when I knew he was on patrol, I slept in the spare room, not willing to put that final blow to my heart until it had to be done. I spoke to no-one, they were his family and now I was just an intruder. It was pitiful really, when I first came here, when we first started dating I expected to be treated as the outsider having to force myself into their small tightly knit family; except they accepted me with open arms without a second glance. Now, now I was the intruder. I was just grateful that my father had still kept the house in Forks when he moved in with his second wife Sue. He had never said it, but I knew that it was still fully stocked with furniture if there was ever a time I needed a place to stay, a place where I could think. I doubted that this was what he expected. As I stared at the tower of boxes in the corner, I realized that tonight I would be performing the one thing I had been holding off. My naivety it seemed was still alive and kicking. My wishes that he'd try to stop me were unanswered. My life fit into ten regular sized boxes. From clothes to books and pictures I wasn't sure I should be keeping; they sat in that corner mocking me. One by one, I carried each box towards my truck. It was going to take a few trips, but I was hoping, praying that the Band-Aid theory worked with broken hearts. The faster I moved my belongings, the faster I could let my heart give its final –metaphorical- beat. Each time I walked past our-his opened door I felt a sliver of coldness take over my heart. He sat there, his head cradled in his hands. Was he praying for me to hurry up? With four boxes neatly tucked under the tarp and secured with the bungee ties that my dad had given me when I first moved out, I headed towards the house I truly grew up. While I may have lived with my mother until I was sixteen, I grew up in this old house where the paint needed a touch up and the second step up the porch creaked if you stood in the middle of it. "Why?" I jumped as I stared at the man I thought of as my brother since before I was out of dippers stood beside the front door. He stood there; arms crossed his rather impressive chest like he owned the air around him. Jake could be the sun that breaks through the clouds, or he could be the wind that can break a tree. I'm sure the impressive sight before me would break anyone; I've seen it break his brothers… all but one. "I was there, you know I was. Why torture the both of us." I turned to the tailgate to begin unloading my belongings, and knowing that I was not going to be sleeping tonight. "Bells, you don't understand. What he said, it was." He choked on his words. I knew the tell tail signs of an Alpha order and what it was going to do to him if he continued to try and break it. "Jake, he said it himself. He isn't in love with me anymore. I can't force u... myself on him. Sure the timing is shitty, hell it's fucked beyond anything on this earth including the cold ones, but I have to. For him, for me, for us." I forced myself to stop talking, clenching my hands as they started towards my stomach. I prayed that my movements were ignored, though I knew it hadn't. He stepped aside as I unloaded the truck. I'd have punched him if I knew it would have worked, and it probably would have if he knew everything. But he didn't and I didn't want him to know, he would be forced to tell him, and it would give him another reason to feel trapped with me. As I turned around to face the door for the final time this first trip, I was met with the sight of just my snow covered front yard. Jake had gone. There was no goodbye, or Jake hug as I was used to. It hurt knowing that I would probably never know that sensation ever again.