Title: Can I Keep You? Author: Pairing and Fandom: Bella/Seth Twilight Rating: M (18+) Genre: Romance Word Count: 3252 (not including required information or summery) This was originally written for the Drool contest held by Jasper'sGoddessofWar. Summary: Have you ever thought that you would meet that one, the one that makes you want to scream because they are so perfect… and you go and stuff it up by finding some way to make them untouchable? I am the Queen of self cock blocking, and it's all his fault. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A huge thank you to the wonderful Beta-ing services of Laura for her wonderful magical skills in taking my little entry here and making it even better, because I know that while I was happy with it before, she has made it so much more. To follow her you can find her at .com or A03 is archiveofourown.org (backspace) users (backspace) wearetheluckyones. Just take out the brackets and dots/backspaces. Also she is found at FFN with the name of WriteMyNameInBulletsBaby. Also to CSG for the amazing banner she made for this story. I am blown away at the amazingwork she did in such a short amount of time. Big Huge Thank You to both of you lovely ladies. Now enjoy. Can I Keep You? I needed to escape the club. This was supposed to be a girl's night out. It was bad enough I shared a house with one of them, but being cornered by him and his friends? It's killing me. Seth wasn't a bad guy, quite the opposite really. He was sweet, kind, knew to clean up after himself, and most importantly, he knew that a girl needed her space. It also didn't hurt that he was sexy as hell, ridiculously ripped, and very, very single . I'm all but ready to buy stocks in Duracell to counter the amount of money I've spent on batteries for B.O.B. I wanted him, I wasn't ashamed of it, but I wasn't going to act on the desire to lick him like a lollipop, suck him like a tootsie roll, or fuck him like a porn star. But he was my roommate, and I wasn't going to mess that up. It was hard enough to offer the room to him because of how much I wanted him, and I'd worked, somewhat, on the idea of getting on my knees for him when he got home from work in those dark jeans and that tight shirt. Okay, so maybe I hadn't worked on it, but I found that, between a waterproof vibrator and the hand-held shower head, I could get a small reprieve from the need to jump his bones. And that was what I was now heading home to do. I wasn't stupid enough to drive home, even if I only had a few drinks, so, a ten minute cab ride later, I found myself home, kicking off my heals and trudging to my room. I was counting on a few hours to myself. Removing my makeup, I stared at myself in the mirror. I was pretty, and I knew that my curves gave me that little extra something , but I also knew that I wasn't what most men would call drop dead gorgeous, but I was totally cool with that. My hair was long and there had been a time or two when I'd enjoyed having it pulled when I'd been with a guy. I was the girl next door type, I could pull the whole dress to impress thing that some women did, but it just wasn't something I enjoyed. Give me jeans and a tee and I was happy. Sighing, I stripped down to my bra and panties, tossing the dress in the hamper before turning the water on. That was another thing I'd noticed. I used to enjoy a warm shower, it would have a calming effect on me, but lately I'd noticed that I had to have the water as hot as I could without scalding myself. I hadn't even realized it until he complained that the bathroom was too steamy to see anything a few inches in front of his face. Finally removing the last of my clothes, I stepped into the shower, groaning as the water pounded onto my shoulders and back. I tipped my head back. I couldn't help but think of how much taller than me he was, and instead of feeling intimidated by it, I found it comforting. I'd seen him at the garage he worked at, I knew he was strong, I'd seen him manhandle some of the machines with no help from others. I should have felt intimidated, but instead, our height difference just turned me on. I'd watched him come home dripping in sweat after he'd helped one of his friends, chopping down trees for firewood. The man was in no way lacking on the physical aspect; I wanted to lick him clean, nevermind the wood shavings and sweat on his body from the day's work. It'd tortured me daily, when he'd come home from his run every morning. The cheeky smile as the muscles on his back, shoulders and thighs flexed with every step. So, really, I'd signed up to a life of celibacy until he either moved out or I'd died from sexual frustration. And now I was horny as hell. I grabbed the loofa, soaped it up and started scrubbing. It didn't take long before my mind started to wander. What would it be like if it was his hands? What would it be like, if instead of a shower head and piece of vibrating latex, it was him? My eyes fell shut as I trailed a hand up to my chest while the other drew lazy circles around my lower abdomen. I groaned as my fingertips grazed my nipple, my entire body felt like it was on fire. My back arched as I switched from slow grazing to soft, but firm tweaks. My thighs clenched as my other hand lowered closer and closer to my mound. I wanted to cry out as all the nerves started to jump. The one amazingly good thing about such hot showers, was that my skin became more sensitive and responsive to touch. It wasn't until my fingers separated my lower lips and my middle finger gently tapped my clit that I finally let go of all pretenses. I wanted this, needed this so badly. Slowly I squeezed my breast harder and harder, thumbing the nipple every so often. My other hand moved lower until my finger traced up and down my entrance. Groaning, I lifted my leg, opening myself up more until my finger slipped inside. I cried out as I felt the heat envelope my finger. Slowly I let my finger move in and out, adding a little pressure to my hand as I rubbed my clit. I rested my back on the cold tiles, the difference in temperature adding to the sensation of every movement. "Mmm…" the sound of his voice in my head only spurred me on. Forgetting about my breast I took hold of the shower head and slowly dragged the pulsing head down my body. I gasped as the water pounded the sensitive flesh of my chest, arching my back and letting my finger go deeper into me. Adding a second finger my thumb grazed over my clit. "Oh god, fuck me ." I moaned as I felt my release getting closer and closer. Giving up all pretenses of going slow, I sped up my fingers while dragging the shower head to sit just above my clit. Crying out, my eyes shot open as I reached my peak. In front of me, eyes heated, Seth stood, his cock bulging out the front of his pants. "Don't stop Bella." He growled out and I felt my walls clench harder around my fingers. "You're so fucking sexy, your skin flushed, water dripping down your body. Watching you come could bring a lesser man to his knees." Seth stepped closer. I watched, still riding the high of my release as he stripped and stepped into the shower with me, crowding into me, his eyes not leaving mine. I couldn't speak. I tried, but all I could do was squeak. "Bella. You have no clue do you? I've wanted to fuck that tight little pussy of yours since I first moved in. To suck on those tits. I wanted you in every room, on every surface. And I tried to not do anything, but fuck me if you don't smell so fucking good." Seth groaned. "I want to taste you, eat you, and fuck you until you can't move. And then, when I've fucked you hard, I want to make love to you all day and all night." He took hold of the shower head and pressed it closer to my clit. I cried out, pushing my hips forward. "And you want me to don't you? You want all that and more, but you hold back and keep fucking yourself with that poor excuse of a toy. Have you worked out why you need the water so hot yet? It's because it reminds you of me." He growled in my ear, his other hand removing my fingers only to replace them with his. "It reminds you of how hot I feel, and how much you want to feel me closer to you. How much you want me in you. But you keep fighting it, keep denying what we both want so fucking much. Just say the word, Bella, and I'll make you come so hard that you'll never want another man to touch you." "Oh, fuck me!" I cried out. He wasn't gentle as he thrust those fingers inside of me. I felt him chuckle against my neck as he sucked, bit and licked at the skin there. "Oh I will honey, but they're not the words I need. I won't fuck you until you say yes. You need to say you want me, that you want me to fuck you." He moaned once more. I could barely keep myself standing, I was sure Seth was the only thing holding me upright. "Yes, I want you Seth, so fucking much. Please ." I felt myself get closer and closer to my second release. "Fucking perfect." He growled as his fingers sped up even more, curling and rubbing at just the right place. That, with the pulsing water on my clit, I couldn't hold on even if I tried. I screamed his name as I came on his fingers, only to suddenly feel his lips on mine and his tongue mapping out my mouth. It wasn't until I slowly came down from my high for the second time that I realized that he continued to fuck me with his fingers through it all. "I want to taste you, so fucking much. But that can wait. Turn around for me Bella." "Huh?" I couldn't think. I wanted him to taste me just as much as he did. "I made you a promise, I was going to fuck you and make you come so hard . Now turn the fuck around, Bella." He growled before placing my leg on the ground and physically turning me until the shower head was trapped between the tiles and me and the chilled tiles rubbed against my nipples. "Dear god, that ass. Not sure if I want to bite it or spank it. Turn it a little pink for every time I watched it sway past me, as if daring me to fuck it," he moaned as I felt his cock rest against my lower back, the heat