Author's note: I realize that I've already got a story going on right now, but I couldn't help myself. My buddy, ChrisBMWW155326 had some ideas for a Percy/Thalia story and with his help in figuring out what I wanted to do, I came up with this. Now, I want super honesty here guys. Let me know how much you like it, what you don't like, things you'd like to see all that jazz. Personally, there are some things I wasn't super happy with. Near the end, I could feel myself starting to rush things and maybe in the future I'll fix them. But for now, I just want to get this out here and get a feel for what you guys want. As always, Thanks for reading! Have a good day! Percy and the rest of the heroes that had stopped the invasion of Olympus, with more casualties than really wanted, stood in the middle of the throne room. All the children of gods staring up into the powerhouses that were the Olympians. It was a sight to behold in all the teens' eyes, most were the kids of the Olympians so their very own parent sat in the thrones. Percy stood next to Annabeth, a happy yet tired smile playing across the sixteen year old's face. The war was finally over and he was allowed some peace, or so he believed. The gods had other plans for him though, soon to be revealed. As the parents of each children stood and gave their kids some sort of gift or reward it was leading up to the big three. Save the best for last, and all that jazz. Poseidon had a warm smile on his face as he watched his son, who was in turn happy for his closest friend Annabeth receive the job or Olympus' Architect a job that held a lot of responsibility. But he believed in her nonetheless. The god of seas stood from his throne, beaming down at his son with such pride that it was beginning to embarrass the son of storms. "Percy, for your act of strength and honor, defending the thrones of us Olympians, and ending Kronos. We shall give you something that almost no demigods receive. Godhood. Percy, would you like to become a god and join us on Olympus?" Poseidon in all his wisdom, and watching his son for as long as hes been born knew that he wouldn't accept it. Percy was too noble for that, so that's why Poseidon worded it as a question. As if on cue, the young son of Poseidon smiled but shook his head. "No thank you, Dad. I would like something that you all can provide easily, but I will not leave until you give me your word that it will be done." Percy's eyes shifted towards the king of Gods who in turn raised an out of wack untrimmed gray eyebrow. "And that would be, young hero?" Though the King of Gods was paranoid he wasn't beyond being acceptable towards heroes such as Percy. "Claim your children, all of you." His sea green eyes shifted around the thrones, obviously skipping over Artemis for good reason. "Most of you Olympians claim your children, but the minor gods often do not. Which leads me to my second part of my small wish. Have cabins built for all the gods and goddess on Olympus. They all deserve as much respect as you, they have ichor flowing throughout them as much as you do. Had we respected them, we probably wouldn't have had such a hard time dealing with the Titans." Percy finished strong, his head held high as he stared at Zeus and his father. "Lord Zeus, will you give me your word that this will be done?" A respectful tone was filled within his voice, though it was a hard pill to swallow to some gods such as Apollo and Ares. Zeus knew that the son of Poseidon was correct. After a moment of mental deliberation with himself, the King of Olympus nodded his head a small, almost sheepish smile drifted over his bearded face. "I, Zeus the King of Gods give Perseus Jackson, son of Poseidon my word that his wish be fulfilled. Olympus will respect the minor gods and goddess, and their children while also creating cabins for them within Camp Half-blood." Another nod of respect from Zeus to Percy was made who returned it in full. The King of Gods smiled after that and looked at his daughter, "Thalia for your effort in the war, serving as Artemis' lieutenant. Is there anything that you wish for?" Father asked daughter, a warm and very proud smile gracing the god of lightning's face. The daughter of Zeus held her face within her hands trying to think of something. "With respect, Lord Zeus, and Lady Artemis. I would like to be replaced as Lieutenant of the Hunt, and revoke membership within it. Lady Artemis, as much as I love and respect you, the hunt simply isn't for me. Unlike most, I was never done wrong by men. Still, thank you for having me, you're awesome and the hunt is awesome too." Though Artemis seemed a little saddened that her half-sister would be leaving the hunt, she nodded her head. "It was great having you, Thalia. You're a great fighter, and an amazing sister. I am glad to have had you." A smile from the goddess of moons, and an 'X' gesture before Thalia's immortal oath was revoked, returning her regular mortal status. Percy was taken aback by Thalia's decision, but understood where she was coming from. He doubted he could stand an all guy camp that hated girls and sworn them off. The young son of Poseidon liked girls... Zeus' eyes met Poseidon's and while the god of seas didn't look very happy for a moment he knew that this was needed. "Very well. I need everyone except for Percy and Thalia to leave for a moment, afterwards we will throw a victory party, courtesy of Apollo and Hermes." A rather forced smile drifted upon the king of Gods face as he looked around the throne room at all the heroes of Olympus. The room cleared out quickly, with Percy and Thalia saying that they would be quick. The King of Gods and his brother looked at each other one more time, holding each others' stares for a moment causing their children to do the same but with confused expressions. Zeus finally broke away from the stare, "This comes from above. We the Olympians have been told that certain actions must fall into place before something comes. As a father, and an Uncle to a nephew I do regret what I have to do. Even as critical as I can be, it shouldn't fall to me to limit freedoms. However," Zeus sighed softly, looking at Thalia with saddened eyes. "You and Percy must be married before either turns eighteen." Percy locked up, shuddering for a moment before standing stick straight. Thalia gave her father an unbelieving look, glancing over at her cousin with a utterly baffled expression. Though they weren't the only ones to be amazed by the news from the King of Olympus, Aphrodite herself nearly fell from her chair. A look of outrage crossed her face, her manicured hand slamming against her surprisingly simple throne causing a few cracks to appear within it's armrest. "This cannot happen. I will not allow their love lives to be taken over because someone thinks it's in our best interest." The demigod daughter of Zeus was just as amazed by the anger that filled Aphrodite's bubblegum pink eyes. The goddess of love continued on with her rant, enraged and pumping with almost betrayal upon her zone of influence. "As much fun as it is to lengthen someone's time for love to really kick in, you cannot force someone to love another. It goes against love's nature. Percy," Aphrodite's eyes shifted towards the son of Poseidon, who finally seemed to register there were things going on around him and looked at the goddess. "I know who you want, I will fight this." Percy could only nod dumbly, still seemingly off in lalaland, all the things that he'd dreamed up with him and Annabeth were thrown out the window with abandon by the Gods. He felt a little betrayed, but finally tried to get back into the conversation of things. Thalia looked up at the Olympian of Love, who was still going on about how unfair it was to both demigods involved. Finally her rant ended, face golden with a blush of anger and out of breath. "Zeus, we must find another way. This is simply madness." Surprisingly passionate about the subject, the King of Gods could only shake his head. "Aphrodite, this comes from the fates themselves. The weavers of destinies cannot be ignored. This MUST happen, Poseidon and I have gone back and forth about this for some time now. We've come to agree that it will nonetheless be beneficial to both Olympus and Atlantis regardless of the reason." Aphrodite growled before giving the King of Gods himself the middle finger and flashing away in a burst of pinkish light. Order finally returned to the throne room, Zeus feeling a little heated due to the blatant disrespect from Aphrodite but knew that in the end she was correct. Poseidon felt ashamed that he had to do this to his only son, but it was the correct choice. Zeus said it himself, the fates could not be forgotten and they had a place in the world. If they deemed it necessary then that's what it was. "Percy, I'm so sorry." Father told son, an expressive face of melancholiness resting on it. Percy could only look up at his father with an impassive look on his similarly structured face. "I guess... It's just... Well, I don't know. I can't think." The young son of Poseidon couldn't even look in Thalia's direction, who seemed a little hurt by the fact that he wouldn't even give her a glance. She was just as angry as she was, just cause she didn't have anyone didn't make her less angry. Thalia ran a hand through her shortish hair, blowing an angry breath into the sky. "Fuck you, Fates." What were they going to do, make her life miserable? A brief moment of silence invaded the room as near all the Olympians sucked in a breath. Even Ares was impressed by the gall of Zeus' daughter. "You don't know who you're dealing with, Thalia." Artemis' voice rang out, a tinge of anger in her voice. All it was could be chopped up as a warning, but it didn't make the demigod's face heat up in even more anger. "Well, I mean it's getting pretty damn messed up isn't it?! Firstly, as much as I like Percy, it's not like that. But well, I guess now it has to be, huh? What the hell, man?" Disbelief flooded her voice as she growled out her words. Finally Percy spoke again, "Thalia please. The gods said that we had time. Right, Dad?" Sea green eyes met before Poseidon nodded his head. "You have until your eighteenth birthday. Roughly two years." The demigod son of the storms eventually looked over at his, well, cousin and gestured in the air. "And besides, marriage doesn't mean that we have to love each other. It's just a title..." Though he was trying to stay rational his voice wasn't much happier than Thalia's own. In fact it sounded near identical, just a little bit more held back. Percy was still a fighter, but there wasn't anything he could actually do. Besides piss off the fates and tear up his dreams even more. The daughter of lightning growled at Percy, lunging at him flying her fists into his gut. Percy took one before smacking her arm away. Zeus and Poseidon went to stop