I started a fanfic very similar to this a long time ago and wasn't happy with it. So I've re-hashed the whole thing and this is a sort of... version 2.0 if you like? Anyhow, this might go on for a long time and I plan to update it week by week! All places/characters that aren't my own belong to their respective creator. Enjoy! :) In the realm of marvellously twisted and messed up ideas that Sebastian had ever cooked up in his oh so quietly cunning mind, this had to be the most twisted and messed up of them all. His older brother, Vince, once told him that in order to execute a plan of the illegal kind, it must be done in the name of something . Vince's examples including things such as 'in the name of Justice', or 'in the name of mutual benefit' or, most commonly, 'in the name of money.' So, when Sebastian looked in the mirror and told himself that he was doing this 'in the name of… something' he had to continue asking himself 'what?' His justification had to be solid; Vince had assured him of that many times, but no matter how hard Sebastian thought about it, he couldn't come up with a solid reason for his unbelievably unbelievable plan. So he tried this: 'in the name of solving an old problem.' It was weak. Weak, and he knew it, for what he was doing not only broke school rules, but Ministry ones too. Cross-dressing and a few minor transfiguration spells might have done the job just as well, but it was too late now – the Polyjuice potion was made, and Sebastian had taken on his new form. Now, the performance of his plan was all too real, whether he liked it or not. So it went like this: He had become a girl – yes - a girl , in the name of solving an old problem. "There's something wrong with me." Sebastian said to his new reflection with his new voice. The eventual hatching of this undeniably insane, yet genius plan of Sebastian's own making was all owed to that infamous night five years ago: the battle of Hogwarts. Sebastian had only been a first year then; a first year Slytherin who had experienced possibly the worst first year in Hogwarts history under the rule of the notorious Carrows and Professor Snape. Arguably, the coming years might have easily been the unluckiest time to be a Slytherin in the wake of a battle fought by kind-hearted Hufflepuffs, ingenious Ravenclaws and the outrageously brave Gryffindors of Hogwarts in a time of desperate need. But where had those Slytherins been? Cast into the dungeons in shame for having been associated with the very forces battling against them – sent home to languish, safe and out of harm's way – or, in Sebastian's case, running full speed through the deserted streets of Hogsmeade in a very muddy pair of slippers, his favourite stripy pyjamas and a torn dressing gown. The details had become blurry over time, so Sebastian didn't so much remember getting to Hogsmeade as well as he remembered spending an entire night there; he vaguely recalled running to hide inside a suit of armour when all of the first years were assembled to be evacuated. He recollected fleeing from the metal exoskeleton when its form was suddenly animated to life and forced into the slough of battle by a raging Professor McGonagall, in which he was sure a large piece of his dressing gown was torn by the armour's sharp sword – but anyway – there he was, bolting as fast as his tiny legs could carry him until he found himself in - Hogsmeade. Now, this might not sound so terrible; Hogsmeade was, after all, a recreational and charmingly picturesque village home to many wizarding attractions that Sebastian had read about in the library long before he had ended up there by chance. But Hogsmeade was strictly off limits to first and second years. Only third years and above were allowed to venture through its dandy, fairy lit pathways in full daylight, accompanied by their peers with express permission from their guardians. So to be there alone, at night, the booms and blazing lights of ensuing battle raging behind him, was terrifying to say the least. Until – " Psst ." Eleven year old Sebastian whipped around in panic, peering with divided vision around the empty doorways. He grasped his wand from where he'd hastily stuffed it in his dressing gown pocket and held it aloft with shaking hands. " Psst! " The sound came again, more alert, from the doorway of The Three Broomsticks. "Who's there?" Sebastian demanded, his voice substantially lacking in the courage and maturity it needed to carry across his demand with any sense of conviction. "Quick, get in here!" Said the little urgent voice from the shadows. In his fear, Sebastian failed to recognise the voice as another boy's and immediately thought: Death Eater. "Don't try anything!" He yelled. "Or I'll – I'll" – "You'll what?" Came the disbelieving reply. "Don't be stupid or someone will see you! Hurry up!" And that was how Sebastian met Alex. Truly met him, that was. He'd seen Alex in school; watched him get sorted at the start of the year, observed with uncaring eyes as the boy's friendship group and popularity grew to an impressive circle that constantly accompanied him wherever he went. And Sebastian continued to watch over the coming months and years, only with keener eyes and sharper ears. But at this very point in time, Alex had been simply a boy to Sebastian – a boy who was willing to pull him away from danger and let him into his own, small space of safety that was, apparently, The Three Broomsticks. Sebastian tumbled into the pub and Alex firmly shut the front door behind him a second later. "What are you?" Alex demanded, hands on hips as he stood tall above Sebastian. Alex, unlike Sebastian, was not donned in pyjamas, but a blazing red jumper that was noticeably a tad too big for him around the shoulders and loose fitting trousers, his wand holstered like a sword at his belt. Alex's bronze curls stuck up around his head in a messy halo and fierce green eyes blazed down at Sebastian. He was all colour and presence, nothing short of extreme. "W-what am I?" Sebastian repeated, still horribly shaken from his ordeal. "I'm human." Alex rolled his eyes as though what Sebastian had said was blindingly obvious, which, of course, it was. "No, I mean - what are you, stupid or something?" Sebastian gulped, gazing up at his new companion on this strange night, drinking in his glowing, over-zealous stature. For a boy the same age as Sebastian, Alex knew how to hold himself with a confidence that Sebastian wasn't familiar with. Sebastian thought he understood confidence, growing up with an older brother who brimmed with it, but he would soon learn that Vince's confidence and Alex's were two very different things. Vince oozed an air of 'I'll know what you're thinking before you do', whereas Alex… well… Sebastian was scared of him at first. "What are you doing running around in the middle of the night with Death Eaters around?" Alex asked, still not concerned with helping Sebastian up from the cold floor. "I was lost." Said Sebastian truthfully. Alex snorted. "But you can still see the castle from here." "Yeah." Sebastian began to straighten up defensively, "Haven't you ever been lost in the castle before?" Alex stopped for a second, stumped that this boy much smaller than him had comeback with a valid question that might just invalidate his insult. He shrugged. "Dunno. You're dirty. Did you fall over?" Sebastian shook his head. "Don't think so. Maybe. Probably." Alex regarded him openly. "What's your name?" "Sebastian Murlock." "Oh. I don't recognise you." Sebastian couldn't say he was surprised. He doubted that many people in his own house recognised him. In the Carrows' presence, Sebastian had learnt to keep his head down; stick to the shadows, as it were. This became a habit very quickly and he made little effort to talk to anyone outside of his own family. "I don't recognise you either." He lied. Alex thrust his hand underneath Sebastian's nose. "I'm Alexander Fawley. You can call me Alex. And before you ask, no. I'm not a Death Eater." Sebastian frowned. "I wasn't going to." He rubbed his neck – he couldn't remember when or how he'd twisted it. "And I'm not either." Alex laughed. "I know that. You're way too small to be one of them." "So are you." Sebastian protested. Alex scoffed. " Actually , I'm the tallest in my year." Sebastian wiped his nose and stumbled upright. The pub was dingy in the dark. The timber roof creaked and groaned above them, tiny knocks sounding from inside the walls. He shuddered – the whole building felt alive with anticipation… or perhaps that was just him. "What are you doing here?" He asked Alex. Alex grinned. "Building a fort. Wanna see?" Sebastian blinked. "How did you get here?" He elaborated. "I apparated." Said Alex, puffing out his chest. "B-but you're eleven." Sebastian gasped. "I thought you weren't allowed to apparate until you're seventeen." "I'm twelve, actually," Alex sniffed, extremely smug, "and I've been doing it for ages. My uncle is the head of the Department of Transportation so naturally he taught me a thing or two." Sebastian was gazing at Alex with a new kind of awe, his fear slowly dissipating. "C-can you teach me?" Alex turned away, tapping his chin. "Weeell, I don't know about that. It's very dangerous and technically I wasn't supposed to tell anyone. Hmm. I'll think about it." He hummed ambiguously. "You have to look at my fort first." Sebastian nodded fervently. "I will, I will!" Alex guided him through the cold abandoned tables of the Three Broomsticks and up a flight of wooden stairs near the back. An uneven corridor ran the length of the building, numbered rooms lining it. "So, it's an inn too…" Sebastian muttered. "Cool, right? Just through here." Alex pushed open the door to room 12 and Sebastian decided this must be the biggest room of them all because there was no way every room in the building was this huge. The king-size bed, however, had been stripped of its blankets and sheets and pillows, all of which were stacked into an elaborate structure in the middle of the floor space. Alex strode to the pillow fort's entrance. "Ta-da!" He exclaimed, theatrically thrusting his arms wide. Sebastian laughed. "So this is your fort." The smile slid off Alex's face right away. "Yeah?" He challenged. "What's wrong with it?" "Nothing!" Said Sebastian. "I just thought you meant like a proper fort." Alex crossed his arms. "It doesn't have to be made of bricks and steel to be a proper fort. Besides, this fort is reinforced with loads and loads of spells and stuff so…" "We're not allowed to use magic outside of Hogwarts." Said Sebastian, scandalised. Alex rolled his eyes. "I doubt they'll be checking up on a kid with everything else that's going on." As if on cue, a boom that rattled the loose floorboards beneath them shivered beneath them. Sebastian felt a vice-like grip on his arm, and turned to see that Alex had grabbed him, his face drained of colour. "It's a great fort." Said Sebastian quietly, "Shall we go inside?" Alex blinked twice and let his arm drop from Sebastian's. "Yeah." He agreed, an edge to his voice. "My brother and I used to build forts like this all the time, only… they weren't quite like this. They were smaller and – less magic, I suppose." Said Sebastian. He parted the sheets at the entrance and crawled onto the squashy, cushioned floor, then drew his wand. "