'… who, Unfit for other life, compell'd by hunger And lack of other means, in desperate manner Daring the event to the teeth, are all in uproar…' ~from Henry VIII In Desperate Manner – Part One Remus Lupin could not believe it had come to this. His head swam with the effort of Apparation, and he groped for the sooty brick wall that enclosed the narrow passage between The Leaky Cauldron and the rest of Diagon Alley. Chilled fingers could scarcely feel the rough surface that chafed against his palm. In his other hand, his wand trembled. He tightened his hold upon it, the delicate joints of his hand grinding painfully. It was less than eight hours 'til moonrise, and every muscle and sinew in his body was taut in anticipation of the transformation. Remus leaned heavily against the wall, his head hanging between the sharp angle of his thin shoulders, trying desperately to catch his breath. The journey had left him spent and quaking. It was not such a long way to Apparate by Remus's usual standards: a little more than two hundred miles from the hollow just beyond the crumbling garden wall of his cottage to this most familiar of London landmarks. On an ordinary day, even malnourished as he was, it would have posed no great obstacle. But now, burning with fever and riddled with a hundred twitching torments, his mind muddled by the pull of the moon, Remus understood that he was fortunate he had not Splinched himself. The back door of The Leaky Cauldron swung open with a draught of warm air that made him shiver. He had left a bitterly cold morning behind in Yorkshire, and now the more southerly February damp was seeping around the edges of his threadbare cloak. Remus's fingertips clutched the wall more desperately still as the breeze brought with it the mingled aroma of the pub's morning custom: beer and tea and a breakfast fry-up. The smells repulsed him, making his empty stomach churn viciously as the middle-aged couple who had opened the door brushed past him, bound for Diagon Alley and all its quotidian wonders. Remus was wretchedly hungry. At any other time, those half-forgotten scents would have left him mad with longing. But in his last hours as a man he craved only the succulent, coppery taste of raw, red meat. He could not remember when he had last indulged that yearning; certainly not in the eight hard, lean months since last he had found work. He could not often stretch his meagre earnings beyond the bare necessities of life, and this winter even those had eluded him more often than not. It had been four days since he had eaten anything at all. It was one of the hallmarks of his hand-to-mouth existence that he always remembered his most recent meal with aching clarity. In this case, it had been little enough to speak of: two spoonfuls of beans, the last scrapings of a tin he had bought with a fifty-pence piece found in the slush-choked gutter outside the phone box in the little town of Hawes. Remus had gone there immediately after waking to a fresh fall of snow upon the countryside, hoping that the vicar of St. Margaret's church would be glad of an offer to clear the paths around the parsonage and the churchyard. Such labour had been worth a few pounds now and then in the past, but he was not the only one with that idea: he had arrived to find an enterprising youth hard at work, bopping his head to the dulcet tones of some muffled Muggle singer piped through the ear-sized speakers of a pocket tape player. Once upon a time, Remus would have known to whom he might describe the device in order to get a detailed explanation of the proper terminology and the inner workings of the thing. Now, the thought of that was almost more painful than any of the rest; worse than the hunger, than the insidious nausea of the barely-adequate Apparation, than the agonies of the incipient moon. Remus shut his mind to it. He had stretched that tin of beans as far as he could, multiplying each meagre serving as thoroughly as the physical laws of Transfiguration allowed. But even the most skilled of wizards could only do so much, and the resulting meals always tasted bland and somehow diminished. Nor was there as much nourishment in a dish of duplicated beans as there would have been in a full serving of the genuine article, but at least it sat in his stomach like a bowlful instead of a spoonful. He had slept comfortably that night. Remus forced himself to relinquish his hold upon the wall, tucking his wand away with care. His hands, bare to the raw air, already felt chapped and sore. He hugged his cloak more closely around him and tried to get up the courage to step out into the wizarding high street. On any other day he might have been tempted by the dustbins on the other side of the pub's back stair, compelled to sift through the contents in search of some peelings or a crust of half-eaten toast to blunt the edge of his famine and scrub the vile taste of a too-long fast from his mouth. Today he knew he would find nothing he could stomach. Only one thing would answer his need today, and he meant to have it. He squared his shoulders, his spine protesting miserably, and opened the door that led into Diagon Alley. At this hour of the morning, and on such a day, the street was fairly quiet. Witches and wizards moved between the shops with brisk, purposeful strides, shrouded in river-mist even just across the road. Remus did not pause to watch them. He did not raise his eyes to the enticing window displays, filled with colour and warmth and unimaginable bounty. He kept his eyes on the pavement and shuffled along as quickly as he could for the turn into Knockturn Alley. He hated this place, with its dingy cobbles and menacing shadows. A thin sliver of sky, indifferently grey, slashed down the length of the dodgy street. The day was dim enough that the streetlamps in Diagon Alley were glowing warmly. Here, the wrought iron posts held broken lanterns, and the only light came from the globes hanging over the scratched and weathered doors of suspect-looking premises or filtered through unwashed windows in which the dusty skeletons of displays long neglected loomed like the ghosts that swirled in Remus's heart. The shop he wanted was well down Knockturn Alley, just past the place where the street narrowed yet again, only just wide enough to let a single cart past. Not that there were any carts or carriages here. Back-door deliveries of unmarked crates were more the speed, concealed until the last moment under cloaks or by Disillusionment Charms. Remus had found this particular establishment eight years ago, when he had been looking for a bottle of pain-reducing potion on the cheap. The idea of squandering money on such a luxury was laughable just at present, but back then it had seemed like a necessity in the wake of particularly bad transformations. It was an apothecary shop, or at least it looked like the relic of an apothecary shop. Remus stepped across the threshold into a room scarcely warmer or less damp than the street outside, and found himself surrounded by low, dusty and almost-bare shelves. Anything left out front was fair game for the thieves and sleight-of-hand artists that frequented Knockturn Alley. The proprietor kept most of his stock behind the high counter. The man was tall, with the forward-thrust head and rounded shoulders of a vulture. He was perched on a stool, reading a two-day-old copy of The Daily Prophet. As Remus approached, his eyes went instinctively to the lead headline. It was an old habit, a remnant of the days when the news of the wizarding world had still seemed relevant to his daily life. He supposed there was a Situations Available section in there, as well, but it was useless to him now. Even if he did manage to find work despite his spotty employment history and his shabby raiment, he was in no fit state to perform it – nor would he be in the wake of the moon, if he did not accomplish his mission today. 'What do you want?' the man asked gruffly, not even glancing up. Above three photographs, each featuring a head-and-shoulders shot of a pompous-looking person of middle years, The Daily Prophet proclaimed: Candidates Debate Wand Subsidy Reform . Squinting in the gloom, Remus picked out the line beneath, which told him the election was now less than two weeks away, and the polls heavily favoured Cornelius Fudge for Minister for Magic. 'You sell—' Remus's voice caught in his throat, hoarse from the chill and from a habit of disuse. He took another half-step forward so that he could lean one bony hip against the counter. His head throbbed mercilessly, and he was trembling. It was not wholly because of hunger, or even the drag of the moon upon his bones. He could not believe it had come to this. 'You sell restricted ingredients,' he managed, closing his eyes and bracing himself. 'Hard-to-find ingredients. Illeg—' 'Don't sell nuthin' illegal here!' the man said shortly, closing his paper with a snap and laying it aside. He glared at Remus. 'You want something special , now, I can get it for you. Always providin' you're willin' to pay.' Remus shook his head tightly, not daring to move it too far off-kilter. He felt as if he might be sick. 'I'm not buying,' he said thickly. 'I'm selling.' 'Selling?' The man raked his eyes over Remus's frame. The cloak hid a multitude of evils – the shabby robes, neatly patched but badly faded; the length of twine that he wore in place of a belt; the shapeless hang of garments that had been purchased by a slender but healthy young man in a time of war and were worn now by a gaunt invalid whose only purpose in life was to scrape together another day of it. But apparently the shopkeeper saw enough to convince him that this was no Auror in disguise. He stroked his weak chin with its wisps of mousy whisker. 'Just what might you be selling?' Remus's eyes wandered to the tightly-packed shelves behind the man. Roots and stalks and seeds in scratched glass jars. Ceramic cruets labelled in blue glazing, the contents marked in Latin. Jugs full of murky fluids ready to be measured out to order. He saw the stock bottle of pain-reliever. A phial of a familiar brew that would take the edge off of his mounting fever in less than twenty minutes. A thick, dark carmine suspension that he would be yearning for soon enough, if only all went well. Remus remembered gentle hands, supporting his head and tipping glass measuring cups full of all those things against his lips. He remembered a steady and capable finger, stroking his throat to induce him to swallow when he was too weak and too far gone with pain to remember to do it himself. How long had it been since he had faced a transformation with a cache of such luxuries to aid him? He did not know, and he choked back the covetous ache that rose in his chest. 'Blood,' he whispered, unable to meet the man's eyes. The apothecary – if apothecary he was: it was impossible to know whether he had any genuine qualifications – tilted his head to one side, eyes narrowing shrewdly. 'What kind of blood?' he asked. 'Dragon? Salamander? Veela?' 'Werewolf.' The word seemed to crack in the dusty air. Remus felt a hot rush of shame rise up to drown him, and he clutched the countertop with a