' No, pardon; 'tis a secret must be locked within the teeth and the lips: but this I can let you understand, the greater file of the subject held the duke to be wise.' ~from Measure for Measure The Greater File of the Subject Professor Filius Flitwick was almost immorally fond of oatmeal porridge drizzled with treacle. It was comforting and filling, sweet and wholesome and simple. It reminded him of his mother, and winter mornings in the cosy little house in Hull where he had grown up. The sumptuous variety of the Hogwarts breakfast table – crêpes and waffles, pastries and crumpets, fruits both exotic and domestic, bacon and sausages and eggs served in every way imaginable – held no allure for him. He started his mornings with porridge and treacle, and there was an end to it. The conversation at the staff table was always pleasant, and today there was no Howler to interrupt it. Yesterday's had been dreadful to hear, filled with rage and vitriol and vague, veiled threats. Filius was not sure how young Sirius Black was able to bear up under such assault day after day. Even one Howler left a student embarrassed and vulnerable to the rebuke of his peers. By Filius's count, the third year had received five in the short fortnight since the start of term. The staff was powerless to stop them: his mother was sending them by Post owls, protected from interference or interception by law, and Howlers were notoriously tamperproof. Filius had carried out a number of experiments the previous weekend, and had been unable to find any way to disable, mute or modify such a message. 'It's a relief to have a bit of hush this morning, isn't it?' asked Thomas Culpepper, drawing Filius out of his troubled musings as if he had heard them. 'I've been meaning to ask someone… is this quite usual? For parents to bombard their children morning after morning with insults and vile language?' 'No,' Filius said, shaking his head regretfully. 'It's a special case, I'm afraid. You see, Sirius Black is insisting upon taking Muggle Studies this year, and his mother doesn't approve. His family is…' He shrugged his small shoulders, unable to find any tasteful way to express his feelings about a house that was notorious in its support of blood-purity and the marginalisation of those who did not fit their rigid ideals. 'I've had my own dealings with the Black family,' said Thomas, pushing his eggs idly around his plate. 'I confess I was astounded to find one of them in Gryffindor.' 'So were we all,' Flitwick agreed. 'But young Sirius is an upstanding young man and a credit to his House.' 'Is he?' Thomas asked. 'He has a reputation as a troublemaker, and I'm beginning to think it's well deserved. Last week, he and Potter imprisoned two of their housemates in an empty classroom. And on Tuesday he handed in the most perplexing essay.' 'Did he, now?' said Filius, his interest piqued. It was always fascinating to hear what Black and Potter were up to. They were troublemakers, certainly, but they were imaginative with it. 'Did he enchant the paper to fold itself into a dragon again? I hope he's worked out how to keep the fiery breath from scorching the page.' Thomas's eyebrow arched towards his hairline. 'You don't mean to tell me he did that to you?' 'Oh, yes,' Filius said happily, taking another spoonful of porridge and savouring it. 'As it was an essay on time-delayed incantations, I had to give him full marks regardless.' 'Hmph.' Thomas swirled his teacup, studying its depths. 'I'm not at all sure how to approach this one. It's so far from the substance of the assignment that he might as well have neglected it completely. I can't deny that he put a great deal of work into it, but the result is completely irrelevant to Defence Against the Dark Arts. It's unbelievable. I'd be grateful if you would take a look at it. I'd welcome the guidance of a more experienced teacher.' Filius nodded kindly. He remembered his own early days as a professor, when every class was an exercise in conquering stage fright and every night was spent poring worriedly over lesson plans. 'I'd be happy to, my boy. We have the same preparatory hour, I believe – eleven o'clock? I'll meet you in the staff room, and we can see what should be done.' The young man smiled gratefully. 'Thank you, Professor,' he said earnestly. 'The Deputy Headmistress has said her door is always open, but I'm reluctant to trouble her needlessly. 'Don't mention it,' Filius said reassuringly. 'Though now we're colleagues you had best call me by my given name, don't you think?' 'I can try,' Thomas allowed. 'Old habits do die hard, after all.' Flitwick nodded thoughtfully at this, spooning up the last of his breakfast and surveying the crowded House tables before him. The shine of newness was still fresh on the year, and all was well. discidium The Ravenclaw and Slytherin NEWT students filed out of the Charms classroom. Filius watched them go, alert to those who seemed worn out or strained by the efforts of the lesson. He did his best to keep a close eye on his seventh years, preparing for the examinations that would determine the course of their whole lives. It was a time of tremendous stress, and not all students were equipped to cope with it. Even before Christmas he expected a dozen tearful breakdowns among those in his own House, and not a year passed without sending one or two students to see the matron in a state of nervous collapse. It was best to be vigilant, and to offer support and guidance as promptly as possible, rather than waiting until the moment of crisis. The incoming pupils had far less to worry about. Third year Gryffindor was scheduled for the second hour of Friday mornings, and they arrived in small bunches, all moving briskly and some short of breath. Quite a number of them had to come all the way down from the Divination classroom, seven floors and a long ladder away. Filius made a show of studying his papers while he waited for everyone to take their seats, letting the first five minutes of the class idle away so that he was not obliged to reprimand anyone for turning up late. Wednesday's lesson had been a practical one, and so today's was not. Filius was well into his lecture when he noticed the empty seat in the third row. He did not need to consult his chart to know who ought to be sitting there: a fortnight in, and he had everyone's usual places committed to memory. It served him in place of a register, saving class time for teaching and putting the students at greater ease. He was almost certain that this student, in particular, dreaded the lessons in which he had to announce his presence or be noted for his absence every morning. In his place, Filius certainly would have. Remus Lupin was missing again. The first time the child had been absent from his class, Filius had naturally assumed he had fallen prey to one of the myriad psychosomatic ailments brought on by homesickness. It was the most common reason for first years to miss lessons during their first month at Hogwarts, and little Remus Lupin had not even made it a week. When it had happened again a few weeks later, Filius had chalked it up to bad luck. By the fifth time Lupin had missed his class, he began to fear for the boy's health. He never seemed strong: always pale and often peaky, he frequently turned up to class looking haggard and downright ill. As first year gave way to second, Filius began to notice the days when Lupin sat listlessly in his place, struggling to stay alert, his eyes glazed with fever and his whole body tensed as if against hidden pains. He was too thin at the best of times, and on the days immediately following one of his absences, the bones of his face and his wrists stood out painfully beneath pallid skin. Bruises of exhaustion rimmed his eyes at such times, and on a few occasions – most notably last September – Filius had caught him limping. Minerva McGonagall was aware of his absences. Every time he disappeared, the Deputy Headmistress would leave a note in Filius's pigeonhole in the staff room. These were always the same: brief, to the point, and devoid of any invitation to ask questions. Filius had a whole sheaf of them tucked up in a file in his office. Every single one bore the same brief legend: Remus Lupin is excused from lessons today due to illness. It was getting to the point where Filius wondered why Minerva did not simply have an order of notecards done up at the printer's in Hogsmeade. He supposed that would make it too obvious that the absences were expected, planned-for, unavoidable. 'You may break up into groups if you like,' Filius announced. 'We've half an hour left in class. I would recommend making a start on your essays now. It will leave you with more free time over the weekend.' There was the usual scraping of wooden legs against stone as the students rearranged their desks. Ordinarily Filius liked to observe, interested to see who moved their tables with magic and who was still resorting to brute strength. All of his third years were perfectly capable of shifting a desk with one charm or another, but it told him a great deal about their level of confidence to see how they did it. Today, however, he was puzzling over another matter. He left his desk, satisfied that the students had themselves well in hand. Not all of them would use the time to work, of course, but that scarcely mattered. The essay was due next Friday whether they used their time wisely or not. They were free to visit if they wished to. There were three bookshelves between the high windows that let the September sunlight stream into the classroom. Filius flicked his wand, causing the high step-stool to skitter down to the one he wanted. He was practiced in the art of navigating a world built for tall people: these little adaptations fazed him not at all. He did wonder, sometimes, how Squibs and Muggles of his stature coped with the countless daily inconveniences. With great ingenuity, he supposed. Necessity was the mother of invention. He found the almanac just where he had expected to, pressed between two heavy tomes that dealt with the influence of heavens on complex charmwork. Filius climbed back down his ladder, dusting off the slender volume. He had not consulted since June, when last Remus Lupin had gone missing. Back at his desk, Filius swept his eyes over the class to be sure everyone was peaceful. His gaze lingered a little longer on Black and Potter than on any of the others, his conversation with Thomas Culpepper fresh in his mind. They had not bothered to move their desks: Black had simply swung his chair around to face Potter's, and they were bowed over it almost brow-to-brow. They seemed deep in some sort of conference with Peter Pettigrew, the fourth member of their little gang. Filius thought of him as the fourth, anyhow: he was the one most likely to be left behind or overlooked. He had that sort of personality, easy to pass over. He was not as showy and brilliant as Black and Potter, nor as studious and quietly gifted as Lupin, but Pettigrew had talent. It took him longer to learn a new charm than it did most students, but once he knew it he never forgot – and he had an eye for detail that would serve him very well in the coming years.