This is my part for #odestawritersheartbreak challenge on tumblr! I'm not nearly as good at writing gut-wrenching heartache like my fellow partners in crime, but I gave it a shot, so I hope you guys enjoy! I based this on an Asian drama I watched long ago, along with listening to the cast recording for The Last Five Years non-stop. For the prompt "Do you ever think we should just stop doing this?" Unbeta'd. All mistakes are my own. re·frain (rəˈfrān) 1. verb. stop oneself from doing something. 2. noun. a repeated line or number of lines in a poem or song, typically at the end of each verse. — iii — At first, she thinks it's a joke. He introduced himself as Finnick Odair. That's not the weird part. She's already met Finnick Odair just yesterday, and yet this man felt the need to reintroduce himself to her, for good reason. It's the second part that throws her off, makes her want to laugh, to run, find someplace to hide, get away from this lunatic speaking nonsense. But something about him makes her do none of those things, because she sees it. She sees it in the extra creases around his mouth, his eyes, on his forehead. And there's something different in his eyes. Something weary, something melancholy, so unlike the bright sea-green eyes she stared into a day ago. She has to amend her thoughts. He introduced himself as Finnick Odair, her husband from fifteen years in the future. And he has one request. "Annie Cresta," he begins. "I need you to promise not to marry me." While her body tries to catch up to her racing mind, she thinks back to how she came to this point in her life. — i — Two days ago, Annie Cresta had one of the worst days of her life. Funny how she was hoping it'd be her best. That day she was meeting with Seneca Crane, a producer with The District, one of the biggest recording studios in the city. She had hardly slept a wink while she holed herself up in her tiny makeshift studio in her apartment, writing melodies and hooks and beats until each of her fingertips were callused. She was glad to have such a heavy sleeper for a roommate. After all those years working at a sawmill, Annie supposed Johanna's hearing must have been shot. She had checked at least ten times to make sure she had everything with her before she left: paper copies of her music scores, all neatly tucked in a black leather folio, numerous CDs with sample recordings of her work, and a back-up flash drive, just in case. Annie Cresta was nothing if not prepared. She was going to make sure the day went off without a hitch. Until a man wearing sunglasses and a fedora cut in front of her—out of no where, she swore—and climbed into the cab she had just flagged down. "Hey!" she yelped. "You snooze, you lose, honey!" cried the man. She shot forward and caught the edge of the cab door before he could close it. "Excuse me! I was going to take that cab!" she said with a scowl. "And now I'm the one in it," he replied. He shut the door with a snap and she had to quickly yank back her fingers to keep them from getting jammed. The cab sped off while she screamed curses after it. Annie sucked in a big breath, trying to calm her flaring nerves. There was no reason to panic now, she had bigger fish to fry. She considered her options, tossing them around in her head as she shuffled in place. She could try to flag down another cab, or make for the subway. Cab. Subway. Cab. Subway. Who even wears a fedora anymore? Hipsters and Dick Tracy wannabes, that's who. In the end, she ran for the subway, hustling as fast as her petite legs could carry her. Her blouse caught on the turnstile, and she nearly lost a shoe while she sped across the platform and into the train car just a second before the doors snapped shut. Eyes stared at her from all around, but she didn't care. She was only a little bit sorry when she finally made it to The District building and bumped into a few men and woman in her haste. It wasn't until the doors of the elevator closed in front of her that she finally got a good look at herself in the reflection. Strands of her hair were sticking up at odd angles, and her blouse hung crookedly on her torso. She cursed under her breath, frantically running her fingers through her hair in an effort to tame it again. She arrived at her floor before she could finish rearranging her top. The woman at the front desk across the hall gave her an odd look as she approached. "Can I help you?" the woman said with feigned politeness. Annie bit her lip nervously. She was at least an hour late. Maybe if I don't bring it up... "I'm here to meet with Mr. Crane? He's supposed to look over some of my songs." "Name?" "Cresta. Annie Cresta." The woman nodded and typed a few things on her keyboard, then stopped and looked up at Annie from underneath her impossibly long lashes. "One moment." She picked up the phone, shot Annie one more withering look, and swiveled around in her chair. Annie swallowed. Not a good sign. She spoke in hushed tones over the phone, and Annie strained to hear what she was saying. She could only see her nod every so often. The woman swiveled back around. "I'm sorry, but Mr. Crane is currently booked for the rest of the day and won't be seeing anymore visitors." Annie's heart immediately plummeted to her feet. "But... Wait! You can't just... I've had this meeting scheduled for a month!" But the woman only offered her a snooty sort of smile. "Well, Miss Cresta, perhaps you should have thought of that before you arrived so late." And she pointedly looked away and brought the phone back to her ear, effectively shutting out any further argument. Annie glared at the woman, who refused to meet her eyes. Defeated and angry, she grabbed a handful of caramels from the little sweets dish on the desk and stormed away. That night, she went home and drowned her sorrows in several glasses of wine and stolen confections while her roommate Johanna pat her back and offered to castrate the guy that had wronged her. — ii — Perhaps it was last night's wine, or her determination, or Johanna's aggressive urgings, or a combination of all of it at once, but the next day, Annie found herself back at The District, arguing with the woman at the front desk, with little success. "Let me speak to him personally." "Ma'am—" "Just two minutes. That's all I ask—" " Ma'am ," she snapped, "if you do not vacate the building immediately, I will be forced to call security." (Annie did not miss the way the woman pulled the candy dish further from her reach.) Her grip tightened around her folio. "No need. I'm going," she hissed, turning on her heel and striding off. Lovely impression. Let it be known that getting ahead in the world with hard-work is nothing but bullshit. What does determination get you, Annie Cresta? Stolen caramels and a possible restraining order. She was still internally cursing everything that had gone wrong in her career when the elevator dinged at her floor. Without thinking, she moved to step into the elevator, only to crash straight into somebody walking out of it at the same time. She stumbled back and dropped her folio in a flurry of papers. "I'm so sorry!" she sputtered, crouching to collect the loose sheet music. "No, no, it's my fault," the other person replied, crouching as well to help her. It was only then that she saw the person she had unceremoniously crashed into was none other than Finnick Odair. Annie's breath hitched, for a reason that she'd chalk up to feeling star-struck. (When she thinks back to it now, she realizes it was not quite that.) But there was something strange, seeing him here in front of her. Had she met him somewhere before? She shook her head to relinquish the thought. Of course she'd never met him before, but she had certainly seen him. He was Finnick Odair, one of the hottest singers of the century, voted sexiest man alive by People Magazine just this year, and frequent headliner for all the hot Hollywood gossip. The tabloids paid particular attention to which starlet he was currently wooing. He was the celebrity world's darling, and whoever he was dating, he never stayed for long. Annie scrabbled to pull all the loose papers into one neat pile, but stopped cold when she heard a familiar sound, one she'd only heard in her apartment, many times over, while she worked away tirelessly at her piano. Finnick Odair was holding a sheet of her music, eyes following the notes on the paper as he quietly hummed the melody under his breath. She reached her hand out for the paper, not wanting to appear so rude as to snatch in from his hands, but wishing to do exactly that. "That's not—" He lifted his gaze from the sheet to meet her eyes. "Did you write this?" She bit her lip and nodded. "It's really good. Catchy. You wrote the lyrics too?" She nodded again. (It seemed as though her voice wasn't cooperating with her today.) "Who's it for?" "Oh, um, nobody, yet." She shrugged. Seneca Crane never explained which recording artist she was going to meet with, and Finnick Odair didn't need to hear her sob-story. But he smiled. He handed the sheet music back to her and ruffled the back of his head sheepishly. "Sorry for snooping. Sometimes I stick my nose into places it doesn't belong. I... I'm really sorry, but I didn't catch your name...?" "Annie. Annie Cresta," she managed to spit out. His eyes widened a touch. "Oh. You're the songwriter I was supposed to meet with yesterday." Her face flushed cherry-red. So that's who she blew her chances with. She nodded once again. "Mr. Odair, is there a problem?" The damn woman at the front desk approached, cautiously looking between the two of them. Finnick Odair waved his hand dismissively. "No problem. I was just having a nice conversation with Miss Cresta here." Her gaze flicked over to Annie only briefly. "I see. I'm sorry to interrupt, but Mr. Crane asked me to make sure you went in to see him straight away as soon as you arrived." "Of course." He tipped his imaginary hat to her. "Miss Cresta. I hope we meet again soon." Annie mumbled something she was sure was meant to sound like "Likewise," climbing into the empty elevator. As she waited for the doors to shut, she couldn't help the small smile tugging at the corners of her lips as she saw Finnick Odair scoop up a handful of candies from the dish on his way past the front desk. Later that night, she received a voice mail on her phone. "Miss Cresta. Seneca Crane here. It seems Mr. Odair was very impressed with the work he saw from you today, and he was most insistent that we record some of your compositions. We'd like you to come in to discuss further collaborations, say, tomorrow at ten o'clock? Oh, and please do make sure to be on time, will you?" She pulled the wine out of the cabinet again, for a far happier reason. — iii, da capo — "I need you to promise not to marry me." She had just barely left her meeting at The District when he had approached her and dropped the bomb that had