My first published fanfic in probably a decade, and it's MMO porn. Figures. There is a lot of MMO jargon here. Too much, really, enough that I'm not going to list every single one. I'm sorry for that. I wish I could give you a site for MMO terms, but seems to not like URLs. Please search for "mmoglossary" on Google instead. Sorry! Massive thanks to my lovely beta arborgoldwine for helping me out! Rated for mild language and sexual content. Adrenaline pumps in his veins with every thrust of his trident. He puts all his energy into each stab, spinning in and out of danger, a dance all his own, never faltering. His enemy is tough, armed with a sword, matching his every move, lunging when he sees an opening. The blade nicks his arm. He curses and delivers a counter jab, which connects, unleashing a fresh stream of blood. They've been in this battle for ages already, it seems, neither willing to bow to the other, but the fight is taking a toll on their endurance, and he knows he can outlast the other. His opponent charges at him, sword raised, but he deftly evades by pivoting on his heel. He sweeps out in a graceful arc, stabs outward in quick succession and knocks the other man flat on his back. He doesn't waste a moment. One more downward plunge of his polearm is all it takes for his opponent to fall still. He stands triumphant over the body, sweat dripping from the lip of his assured grin, and he just barely registers a deep voice announcing the Rebel faction is victorious. "And that is game!" The chats flood with praise, a cacophony of internet jargon, memes, and emojis that goes by way too quickly to reasonably be read. He leans back in his cushy chair, laces his fingers behind his head, and rides the waves of his death match victory. He's Finnick Odair, one of the most subscribed gaming streamers on the internet, known for his skill and prowess in competitive PvP. They know him by name, and they shout it out loud. He's been around the scene since he was fourteen, using a screenname from a love of knot-tying he'd developed during his time in the Boy Scouts – which just stuck, cultivating over three-million followers with his ambition and renown in the competitive world. It doesn't hurt that he isn't bad on the eyes to boot. "All right, you beautiful crowd, I've been streaming for the past three hours, and I'm off to get my grub on. Please consider subscribing if you like what you've seen and have some change to spare, you'll get some really cool chat badges to show off to all your jealous friends, and you'll be able to participate in some special subscribers-only streams I do in the future. Love you guys, and I'll see you around the same time tomorrow!" Scylle: Hey! Scylle: Good stream today. Hey Its Knotts: thanks, dude! Scylle: Do you have time to show me some more Paladin builds tomorrow? Scylle: ? Scylle: You there? Hey Its Knotts: sorry, girlfriend aggro Scylle: Haha, it's okay, I know how that is. Hey Its Knotts: yea i can do that Hey Its Knotts: around 8 cool? Scylle: Yeah, that'll work, thanks. Scylle is one of his oldest followers. He can't say for how long, but he can say it's been long enough that he's made him one of his Twitch channel moderators. Scylle doesn't have a streaming channel, or a Twitter, or anything else, as far as he knows. He's never asked before. Internet friends are nice in that you can commit just one aspect of your life with them (even though, admittedly, his internet life is a pretty big part of him and technically his livelihood) and they won't question it. No clinging. No nagging for intimacy. (Sure, he's gotten plenty of girls messaging him for some private webcam time or sending photos of their tits before, but that's not really the same.) And when the time comes to drift away from each other, as comes naturally with anything on the internet, there's no baggage to worry about. It's simple. It's easy. It's hassle-free. But Scylle is still a good guy, one he keeps around to help murder pixels on a screen. He has a female avatar, with blue hair and some of the more sensible armor compared to the numerous battle bikini varieties, and even though his own avatar is a male, he can't exactly argue with the logic of "If I'm going to look at somebody's ass all day when I play, it might as well be a chick's." Sometimes, like today, Scylle requests some guidance in his latest fancy, Panem Online. Finnick is one of the best rated Paladins in the world, so these sessions are nothing short of a privilege. Scylle is bright-eyed and eager to learn, but decidedly average at the mechanics of the class. They're friends, but not like real friends. It's like looking after a golden retriever. To The Victors is one of the most infamous Rebel-faction PvP guilds in Panem Online, and Finnick has been a member for two years. Led by Dethbomb, their team captain and a seasoned PvP competitor, the guild boasts one of the highest ranks in the league and invites only the best rated, most promising players in the game. At least, that's what he advertises, but looking at the roster, it's difficult to refute. Except tonight, they're in the middle of one of their most embarrassingly terrible matches to date. Their Assassin, Shy-Knee, keeps running off on his own, getting into fights he can't win and he's overwhelmed by the more organized opponent team. It's a massive train wreck that snowballs against them, and they lose the match by a good two-hundred points. Deth is pissed , and nobody tries to stop him while he screams profanities over comms. "How many fucking deaths did you have that match?! I've never seen a shittier match before." Shy-Knee just screams back at him, "I'm fuckin' glass. I'm not gonna stand there and tank all the damage." "That's what Yeast is for, and Knotts does support, if you would ever stick close enough to them so they can buff you. We're a team, you're not a one-man show." "Well maybe I should be." Shy-Knee makes good on his threat. The next day, he leaves the guild. Ettu groans. "Great fucking job messing up our team comp, Deth." "Shut the fuck up. We'll just find another Assassin. They're a goddamn hot commodity, take one step and you'll see one," Deth replies. "They may be meta, but that doesn't mean the players know how to play their class. Do you know any?" "We'll find somebody, okay?" Finnick isn't happy with the turnabout either. Shy-Knee is an ass, but this is a terrible time to lose somebody on the team. "It's only a few months until the tourney, and we have to turn in our roster in advance. We don't even have a sub because you're so picky." Deth insists, again, that they'll find somebody. There has to be somebody out there worth their time. "Hey, it's Knotts. Hope you guys are having a better Wednesday than me. I'm probably gonna be doing some solo match-ups in Panem today… Yeah, A_La_Rue, and for those of you who haven't heard yet, our Assassin ragequit on us. We are looking for a replacement, we didn't have a sub for him, hoping that'll happen sometime soon. The other guys on the team are gonna be asking around on their streams or whatever too, so— Sweet wounded Jesus, I've already gotten like a hundred messages. "Okay, guys. Like, I love you all, and I am so grateful for your support, and I'd really like to answer each and every one of you, but I'm starting to think that won't be all that manageable. I'm really sorry for that, you guys can spank me later for being mean. So please, only message me or Deth or anybody else on the team if you're really serious. "So that's out of the way, I'll repeat the message later for our latecomers, let's get into the solo queue here." Scylle: Hey. Hey Its Knotts: hey. Hey Its Knotts: sorry for taking so long, i got a shit ton of messages. wats up? Scylle: That's okay. Scylle: That thing you said about your PvP team. Scylle: Do you think I could try? My Assassin is my main toon. Hey Its Knotts: well Hey Its Knotts: i dont see why not Hey Its Knotts: lemme talk with the team real quick Hey Its Knotts: theyre ok with doing some matches with you rite now Hey Its Knotts: youll have to get into our teamspeak tho Hey Its Knotts: that ok? Hey Its Knotts: we dont play without comms Scylle: Sure. Info? Everybody else on the team has gathered on their TeamSpeak, waiting to start the match with a guy they know nothing about. It took some talking on his part to get them here. Deth wasn't able to find a "Scylle" on the daily leaderboards when he delivered the message that his long-time mod wanted to try out for the team, so he's dubious at best. They're in the middle of discussing their build set-ups when the little chirping noise in his headset indicates Scylle has managed to log into their channel. Finnick is the first to greet him. "Hey, Sill. Am I pronouncing that right, or is it Skill?" "It's Sill-a. Hey, Knotts." The voice is even, melodic, and distinctly not male. He blinks, surprised, wonders if he accidentally contacted the wrong person. He checks the logs, but no, this is definitely Scylle. "I, uh." He stumbles over his words, has to swallow to find them again. "Dude. You never told me you were a chick." She's quiet for a beat. "Huh. That's weird. What mode are we playing?" They dive right in while he's still trying to shake off his surprise. She plays too defensively at first, sticking too close to the team, hesitating to make her own calls, not jumping at certain opportunities, until Deth yells "Just get the fuck in there!" But she catches on quick. She handles her Assassin far better than she does her Paladin. They win most of their match-ups because she's good at team fights, dashing in quickly to burst somebody down and let them drop before dashing back out. "She's okay. Not the best I've seen," Deth says after all the matches. Finnick snorts. "It was her first day. She's not used to the way we make calls." He feels the need to defend her, if only to save face when it comes to his judgment. "She's certainly not bad on the ears," Ettu says and Deth murmurs his assent. It's probably not the right thing to be talking about, but Finnick doesn't say anything of it. Luckily Yeast jumps in to steer the conversation back. "Quit thinking with your dicks, it's not cool. I think it's nice to finally have an Assassin stick close when they're low on health instead of me having to chase them everywhere. And that offensive play she did for that base capture was what turned that last match in our favor. I think we should give her a chance." Deth makes a gravelly sound in the back of his throat. "Fine. We'll keep her in mind. But if we find somebody better, she's out." Finnick rolls his eyes, murmurs, "That's the idea." He knows how desperate they are, they all do, and Deth's temper will scare away anybody too weak to handle the task. They try playing with some other players that message them for the next few days. Some are very good, but they piss Deth off. Some are not-so-good, and they piss Deth off even more. It seems finding their new teammate hinges