Hello, and we're back! This is a little more melodramatic/fluffier than I usually write, but these characters are early high school age, so hopefully it's still realistic. I mean, as realistic as fictional characters in a wizarding school can be. A couple characters will have alternate spellings to their names. I assure you they are not typos. A million thanks to my beta arborgoldwine who put up with me screaming about how long this fic grew and how much about Harry Potter I forgot. Rated for mildly suggestive themes. Finnick O'Dair was certain he'd never pay any attention to a girl like Annie Cresta. For one, they were from two completely different worlds. He had been graced with the whole package: good looks, athleticism, a winning smile, and exceptional grades. He was one of the Slytherin house prefects, an honor that surprised nobody, but pleased his folks immensely. He was also star Chaser of the house Quidditch team. Students from all four houses flocked the stands of the Quidditch pitch every time he took to the skies, screaming his name; when it came to putting on a good show, rarely did he disappoint. As soon as he walked through any door, he was always the center of attention, the golden boy of Hogwarts School. And Annie Cresta was… not. Far from it. That wasn't to say there was nothing noticeable about Annie Cresta. There were plenty of things to notice about her, all her oddities in particular. They had shared a boat in the beginning of their first year. Since she'd trailed her hands through the waters the whole boat ride over to the castle, Annie Cresta became the subject of attention in a way Finnick O'Dair never would. If he invoked their admiration, then she invoked their derision. Annie Cresta, who drifted off or laughed in the middle of lectures for no discernible reason. Annie Cresta, who wore canary yellow runners on her feet and a big house scarf wound tightly around her neck no matter what the weather. Annie Cresta, who waded in the Great Lake everyday, and often tread so far that the Giant Squid had to scoop her out and deposit her back on the bank. Annie Cresta, who showed up to class completely soaked, water and kelp dripping from her knotted hair, only bothering to dry herself with a hot-air charm when somebody mentioned it. Being in the same year, they shared the majority of their classes together, but he could count on one hand the amount of times they'd interacted. He preferred socializing with his fellow peers, while she stayed in her own little bubble, and he was content to leave it at that, if not for the fact that Annie Cresta was far, far better at Potions than he was. Finnick sighed, flipping a page in his Potions textbook distastefully. Despite his stellar marks, Potions had always been one of his weaker subjects. The fact that Professor Abernathy would so often partake in the concoctions only added to his aversion of the class, as just the thought of somebody ingesting hippogriff eyes and spider legs and bat wings so frequently made his stomach churn. He had managed to squeak by with his marks on the backs of his peers – a bit of flirting here, a bit of sweet talking there – but not every attempt was a success. His table mate, a girl from Gryffindor, had been "helping" him with his potion (more accurately, doing all the work for him), but it seemed she wasn't entirely skilled at the subject either, because the contents of his cauldron were a gray, murky sludge. "Oh, bugger. We'll need more salamander blood to start over," the girl said, trying to appear cheerful despite her failure. "I'll go ask Professor Abernathy for some more." He looked to the front of the classroom, where Professor Abernathy was dozing in his chair. "No need," Finnick said, waving his hand flippantly. "Why waste the energy when there's a simpler way? Just start the next batch while I go get some, won't you, love?" He made a beeline for the closest station to his, where Annie Cresta and a girl from Hufflepuff were working, and shot them both his signature smile. "Hello, ladies! I don't suppose either of you could spare me some of your salamander blood? My partner and I are fresh out. I'll bring it right ba—" "No," said Annie Cresta, not looking up from her textbook. Finnick stopped mid-sentence, quickly rearranging his expression into a pleasant (if confused) smile when he realized his mouth was hanging open. "Sorry?" "No," she repeated. Again, his mouth hung open. She didn't bother to elaborate, merely muttered quietly to herself while she attended to her cauldron. The girl from Hufflepuff, at least, had the decency to look embarrassed in the face of Annie Cresta's frankness. She picked up the small bottle of salamander blood and pressed it into Finnick's palm. "Here you are, Finn. Take as much as you need." To the Hufflepuff, he grinned a dazzling smile, covering her hand with his free one and giving it a quick squeeze. "Cheers, love. You're an angel." She blushed a delightful shade of pink, to which he answered with a wink. All the while, Annie Cresta hadn't looked up at him at all, most certainly drifting off again. As soon as his back was turned, Finnick's carefully-crafted smile melted into an irritated grimace. Never before had he been treated with such downright disrespect. Who did Annie Cresta think she was? Who did Annie Cresta think he was? Being mad was all fine and good, but he hadn't expected her to be rude on top of that. He uncorked the little phial, wrinkling his nose at the sour smell. It was warm in his hand, and that only made his stomach churn even more. Best to get this over with. He heard her frantic footsteps before he saw Annie Cresta come scrambling over, arms outstretched. "Finnick O'Dair, wait, stop! Don't!" Finnick sighed heavily. He hadn't a clue what her deal was, and he didn't care to find out. Losing his patience, he dumped a third of the phial into his cauldron. "Alright, alright, I said I'd return it right away, don't get your knickers in a kno—" Before he could finish, the contents of his cauldron suddenly morphed from a springy yellow to a bubbling black. It exploded with a violent splash, splattering his face and the front of his robes with a substance that stank as bad as it looked. The classroom startled as a collective, turning their attention from their cauldrons to Finnick, covered head to toe in failed potion. Finnick could only stand shock-still as the blackened mixture dripped off his robes, his hair, down his nose. Annie Cresta, too, stood staring at him, wide-eyed, pressing her fingertips against her lips, but the gesture did nothing to hide the wide smile stretching across her pink cheeks, and soon she was doubled over clutching her sides laughing. All eyes were on him, but nobody else dared make a sound. Professor Abernathy had woken up by then, making some smart remark about keeping their mixtures in the cauldrons while he magicked the mess away. It didn't matter, because the only sound he could focus on was Annie Cresta's relentless laughter. Yes, Finnick O'Dair was certain he'd never pay any attention to a girl like Annie Cresta, but somewhere between her hysterical laughter and wiping black goop off his face, he decided that getting revenge on her would be something very sweet indeed. Johanna Mason peered at Finnick from over her Transfiguration homework. "What is it this time, O'Dair?" she muttered. Finnick sat sprawled in one of the common room armchairs, lazily twirling his wand in slow circles while he levitated a quill in the air. He'd been staring at a point in the corner of the room with an impish smile playing upon his lips; Johanna had ignored him at first, not quite ready to dignify him with a response, but the longer she had stayed silent, the more and more he had hemmed and hawed. The Slytherin common room fireplace crackled before them as he stretched his legs out, cat-like, to warm his feet. "I'm going to seduce Annie Cresta," he mused aloud. Immediately, Johanna's eyebrows shot up to her hairline. "Who? The mad girl? She's the one always waterlogged when she walks into class, aynit?" Johanna Mason was a fourth year, a year younger than Finnick; she had never witnessed Annie Cresta's oddities first-hand, but like many others, she'd heard the stories. Finnick tapped the tip of his nose, smiling, and Johanna frowned. "What for?" He dropped the quill back onto the side table and leaned forward in his chair. "Don't act like you don't know." While hardly the story of the century, he was certain that plenty of students outside of his class had heard of Finnick O'Dair and the Potions fiasco, and he was certain Johanna Mason was one of them. The twitch of her lips betrayed any excuse she could come up with, so she merely shrugged her shoulders. "Just thought you got around for the fun of it, not for revenge, is all." Slapping a hand over his heart, Finnick feigned insult. "Johanna, really! I'll have you know my particular skill set can be used for very many different situations." Johanna rolled her eyes. Together, they seemed an unlikely pair, him with his self-effacing humor, her with her sarcastic wit; at the very least, they had to be insufferable together. But their friendship had been built off of being the only two who could handle each other's bullshit without screaming, and so far it was working out okay. "Right, right, so you say. Not like I'd be able to stop you, but are you really sure this is a good idea?" He propped his chin up against his knuckles, elbow on the arm of the chair. "Aww, Mason, are you worried about me?" he challenged with a filthy little smile. Johanna snorted and flicked the tip of her quill at him. Flecks of ink spattered on his cheek, and he glared at her distastefully. "Shut your cake hole, O'Dair. Don't get me wrong," Johanna muttered. "Whatever happens is sure to be a wicked good time. A girl like Crazy Cresta, though? Touched in the head, that one. I think even you would have trouble getting through the skull of somebody like that." He narrowed his eyes, excitement blooming in his chest. "Is that a dare?" He certainly wasn't an "O'Dair" for nothing. At the very word, Johanna set aside her homework and steepled her fingers. "Better. A bet?" Of course, neither of them were in particular need of the money, but one handshake later and the bet was in place. By the end of the school year, ten galleons said he was going to seduce Annie Cresta. Breakfast the next day began as the usual affair. His plate was piled high with many sweet pastries while the owls brought in the day's post. His sisters couldn't wait to hear all the fun things he'd get to do during the school year, and his parents sent their usual regards: keep out of trouble and work hard. (He always did the latter, and they at least hoped he did the former.) Johanna suddenly elbowed him sharply, causing him to smear half of the strawberry jam on his knife onto his wrist instead. "Look. There's your future conquest," Johanna hissed. He looked to where she was pointing while he blindly cleaned the jam off his arm. Sure enough, there was Annie Cresta, sitting at one corner of the Ravenclaw table, two tables down. Johanna's eyes glinted mischievously. She was going to see If he would chicken out or not. Of course, he accepted the challenge with a look that matched hers. He finished the rest of his scone quickly