I'm not sure this was what I wanted it to be, but when I opened the oven, this is what I got. Okay, you caught me; I just wanted more Odesta porn. I have zero shame. Happy Valentine's Day! Rated for explicit sexual content and mild language. The first distress call comes at night. He's gotten transforming from one persona to the other down to a science. He dons the golden suit and mask like it's nothing but a second skin. Clips on the utility belt like it's always meant to be there. The steel trident in his hand is simply an extension of his arm. In seconds, Finnick O'Daire is gone, and the masked vigilante Lancer stands in his place. When he arrives, the site is already crawling with activity. Numerous police cars from the Panem City Police Department line the streets around the building. Police officers have blocked off a good perimeter of the area, where many civilians and reporters crowd around to get a good look at the action. Lancer studies the building. Cashmere & Gloss headquarters, one of the largest jewelers established here in Panem City. Doubtlessly millions of dollars are held in that building in some form, whether material or otherwise. The metal security shutters are down, but there's no gunfire to be heard. It's clear: a hostage situation. He approaches one man that stands out from the rest with his salt and pepper hair. "What's the damage, Heavensbee?" Police Chief Heavensbee looks up at him, his face grim. "Four of my men injured. Nothing fatal, so far. She's got the place locked up tight. We've sent an extraction team already to get hostages out." "She?" Heavensbee nods. "It's her again." "Great," he mutters under his breath. "Any demands?" "No more than the usual. 'Leave me to my devices and nobody gets hurt.'" "Where is she now?" "We've tracked her to the building's server room. Nobody else seems to be in there with her." He points to a set of windows near the very top of the building. Lancer nods. "Got it. Tell your team to focus on getting those hostages out. I'm going in for her." "Be careful in there, Lancer," Heavensbee says before barking the orders into a walkie-talkie. Lancer effortlessly scales the adjacent building next to the headquarters. Just a place where he can get some higher footing. He pulls the grappling line off his belt, counts the appropriate amount of floors, and fires. With the line held taut, he slices through the air, crashes through the window and rolls with the momentum when he lands. Well, that's one way to make an entrance. If she's anywhere in the vicinity, she will have heard that, and she'll be ready for him. But he'll be ready for her too… he hopes. He traverses the floor cautiously, trident ready in his hand. The place is quiet, but he can hear a faint, mechanical buzzing sound coming from one room and he heads in that direction. When he finds it, the room is dark, but illuminated by a multitude of screens all around. Each one flashes something different, charts and code and all sorts of data. Brightly colored wires litter the floor; he has to tread carefully to make sure he doesn't trip over any. And there, at the far end of the room, he catches sight of the culprit, dressed in her sleek, armored suit, arms fitted with large mechanized gauntlets – her signature weapon – which she is currently fiddling with. He knows this woman. "Shatter," he says, making his presence known. He tightens his grip on his trident. Shatter turns wide eyes in his direction and blinks owlishly, regarding him like an old friend spotted at the mall by happenstance. "Ah! Lancer. So good to see you." Not too good an old friend apparently, because she immediately goes back to fiddling at the console on her gauntlet like he's not even there. Not one to be ignored, and certainly not one to be outplayed by her theatrics, he leaps at her without warning, trident arcing along with him, but she deftly evades without looking up, and the tines of his trident embed into the tile where she'd just stood. There's a smile playing on her painted lips. "Well, hello to you too, Lancer. I know you're eager to catch up, but I'm afraid I'm just about done here." She motions to their surroundings with a flourish of her hand. "Good. Then you won't mind coming down to the station with me." "Oh, I really don't plan on doing anything of the sort." She inputs a sequence into her mechanized gauntlets, and suddenly the screens flicker off all at once, and a second later the sprinkler system springs to life. It's far more than a normal sprinkler system should be capable; it's practically explosive, like heavy rain, completely drenching him and clouding his vision in a matter of seconds. He loses sight of her in the deluge, only aware of her presence by the sound of her laughter echoing around him. He sputters on a mouthful of water. He's certainly in no danger of drowning, but the use of a distraction is clear. Even with the heavy shower of water, Lancer takes several deep breaths and pushes all extraneous thoughts from his head. He knows everything about water. He knows the calmness of its flow. He knows the pattern in which it moves. Water could never hinder him. Water is his ally. Concentrate, concentrate – there! It's just a small glimpse of her armor, but it's enough. He widens his stance, braces his feet firmly on the ground, sucks in a slow breath, and thrusts forward with his trident. A surge of phantom force bursts forth from the tines, visibly parting the spray of water like a violent gust of wind. It misses its target, speeding past just in front of her, but the drag force is enough to knock her off balance. Her arms fly up to shield her face, then outward to brace against the wall she crashes into, soaking up the majority of the force, but when she rises, she's visibly shaken. She whirls at him, equally drenched as he is, that wicked smirk now replaced with a scowl. It wavers for a beat, and then she's smiling again. "Impressive. I suppose I should have known that a little water wouldn't stop you. Look, I would love to play, Lancer, but I really haven't the time." Shatter winds back her arm and smashes her fist against the nearest window. The meaning of it clicks in his head a fraction of a second before she throws him a cheeky look over her shoulder and flings herself out the window like a bird taking flight. They're on the fifteenth floor. Lancer rushes to the window, barely manages to skid to a halt to keep himself from flying out the jagged opening, in time to watch her plummeting to the roof of the neighborhood building. Shatter flips mid-air, and lands right on her feet with finality. Unscathed, she tosses him another look over her shoulder and runs off. Quickly, he reaches for his grappling line on his belt, shoots the line to the adjacent building, and vaults after her. His suit doesn't have the same long-fall absorbing technology hers does, so while she jumps from rooftop to rooftop, he gives chase by air, weaving around the buildings like a pendulum. Then she makes a sudden change in direction while he's in mid-swing and he cannot change his trajectory fast enough to keep up. When he doubles back, she's gone, without even the sound of her laughter to guide him. Grimly, he comes to rest at street level and holsters his grappling line. She's gone, and he won't be able to catch her, which means he's failed. At least he knows that all the hostages are most likely safe with the police, but it still feels like a failure. He's not sure what she wanted, but whatever it was, she got away with it. "Dammit," he hisses, stabbing the prongs of his trident into the concrete. As usual, Finnick O'Daire doesn't get much sleep. He almost wishes he could say he had a fun or even sleazy reason for it. But no. His sleepless nights have nothing to do with booze and sex and everything to do with patrolling the streets of Panem City. He hopes the thick frames of his glasses are enough to hide the dark bags under his eyes. If anybody asks, he'll have to say it's because of this marketing campaign he's slaved over for three long, arduous months with no end in sight. So he's hyped up on coffee with tons of cream and at least five lumps of sugar to help him get through the day. "Morning, Finn." He looks up to see his officemate, Peeta, propping his arms and chin along the cubicle partition they share. Peeta is the other part of getting him through the day. "Morning, Peet," he answers. He raises his mug in place of a wave before taking a sip. "How's that campaign going?" Finnick points his index finger to his temple and makes a motion with his thumb like he's cocking and firing a gun. Peeta grins knowingly. When the senior art director has been out of earshot, he's been grumbling to Peeta nonstop about nightmare clients, scatterbrained production artists, and inhumane deadlines. Peeta Mellark is one of the most recent hires at the marketing agency. He took over the cubicle next to Finnick's, after another art director and his previous officemate stormed out of the building, shouting up and down the halls that she had enough of this dead-end life and swearing she would finally go back to her true passion of exotic dancing under her new name, Glimmer Crystal. Really, he couldn't fault the woman for going after her dreams, and it made for a great conversation piece when Peeta came along to take her place. Despite the age difference, he got along swimmingly with Peeta. The two of them often took their breaks together, which slowly evolved into drinks after work while complaining about their boss. Certainly nothing brings two people together better than a mutual dislike for another person. He can say without hesitation that Peeta is one of his closest friends. Not too close though. "So," Peeta drawls out the word, a familiar glint in his eyes. "Oh no," Finnick says in mock dismay, mentally bracing himself for whatever plot his friend may be cooking up. "I was thinking," Peeta continues, undeterred, twiddling a ballpoint pen between two fingers. "Katniss and I have been planning to go to this new seafood restaurant in town. And we both know how much you love seafood, so we thought you could join us. And maybe, if you're interested, we could invite one of Katniss's friends and make it a double date." Finnick has to laugh at that, because this is exactly what he was expecting. "Peet, you always try and set me up with girls your age. As in seven or eight years younger than me." Peeta shrugs. "So? Girls like an older guy." "True. But I'm not interested." His words are lilted like a song. "Besides, I've got a ton of work to finish up. This campaign won't coordinate itself." His friend sighs dramatically. "Man, you're always working late. Or working over the weekends. Or just plain working. I get the deadlines thing, but… Don't you ever want anything… more with your life?" "Ouch. Harsh words, man." "Aw, I didn't mean it like that. I just think you need to get out more. Live a little. Paint the town red. You're still young and good-looking. If I were into guys, I'd totally do you." His words give Finnick pause; not from Peeta's offer – God, no – but from a life he had lived for a short time. He