Hi! This was my other entry in the Age of Edward Contest. As the title suggests, it is very different from 'Not Without Thee'. Disclaimer: SM owns 'Twilight'. I own my imagination. Pre-read by the wonderfully patient TeamAllTwilight. The Future of Future 2031 "…no doubt we are on the verge of a breakthrough. The whole world is waiting for Dr. Isabella Swan to reveal her latest discovery, one that will completely transform the future of mankind. But where is Ms. Swan? Angela Webber, her representative in all matters official, has stated that the reclusive scientist will come forward when she is ready. Until then, we will have to be patient. This is Lauren Wills, bringing the latest news to you from ABC. We will be back after a short commercial break, with the other major news story of the night—the possibility of time travel…" Isabella Swan switched off the passport-size monitor of her phone and smiled grimly. She was not one to waste her time on watching either soap operas or sports, but she did like to keep up with the news. Especially news related to the world of science and technology, and definitely when it was connected with her work. Of course people were curious. However much the masses remained uninterested in the work of prize-winning scientists in general, this was something everyone wanted to know about. The mere idea of achieving god-like perfection while being a human being was enough to tickle the curiosity of the most indifferent of the common multitude. Isabella stretched back in her recliner, lifting her arms and working out the stress in her shoulders. In the last ten years the science of genetics had progressed in leaps and bounds. Well, so had other fields, but Isabella was more concerned with her specialty, naturally. Also, she had a healthy contempt for some of the more esoteric research going on in the world. For example, creating a Harry Potter style invisibility cloak—bah, they had been trying to do that for years, and all they had managed until then was to make people's hair vanish. She had seen one of the so-called presentations, and the sight of a man without a hair on his head and his arms, and the absence of eyebrows and eyelashes had her shuddering with distaste. Of course there were some who had made a joke of it, asking whether the subject could take his pants off so they could check if his pubic hair had become invisible too. Not Isabella, of course—she was much too serious to find any sort of hilarity in the crude humor. Neither did she care for the thinly veiled barbs when her colleagues or acquaintances asked her when she was likely to do some personal research in genetics. Why did people have to be so narrow-minded? Couldn't a single woman of thirty-two be happy with her work, her family and her own company? Some people just couldn't move with time, she supposed, but were stuck in an earlier era when it was necessary for woman to get married and produce babies to be satisfied with life. Thank you very much, but she was perfectly content the way she was. At least her parents were supportive of her decision. Charles and Renee Swan were never married because they did not deem it necessary. Instead they opted for an open relationship that gave them the required space while they focused on their career. Both of them were doctors—stalwarts in their respective fields really—and had agreed that marriage brought too many expectations with it, so they were fine without it. Isabella had never felt there was anything strange in spending her time with parents who lived in the same city but different houses. She was loved, and grew up with the understanding that being partners meant caring for each-other and not being judgmental. Now that she was a mature, independent woman herself, she realized that she wasn't against sharing her life with a man: she had not just met anyone who fit the bill. Her formidable intellect scared away some of the would-be suitors, and her fame as a scientist did the rest. The room in which Isabella was resting was a part of a huge and very prestigious lab, funded and protected by the United States government. Only those who had proved themselves to be worthy were invited to join the team that ran the place, be it in administration or analysis, and utmost secrecy was maintained in all departments. The common people did not even know the correct name of the institute, so they simply called it The Lab. Isabella, whose originality had shone through her doctoral thesis, had been snapped up by The Lab even before she had formally received her degree. Since then she had been working ceaselessly towards one goal—discovering and modifying the gene that caused anomalies in the human body, be it inside or outside. It was a cause dear to her heart, for she had seen Alice Whitlock, her best friend since childhood, suffer from a partial paralysis of the face that had frozen her right half in an everlasting grimace. In school she had been taunted by her peers; in college she had been stared at impolitely. Nobody seemed to understand the sweet girl with a gentle heart because her countenance put them off. It affected her speech too, of course, and that led to multiple problems in her daily life. Having a conversation on the phone was quite a challenge. From a curious—"Are you a foreigner?"—to the extremely rude—"Speak up, can't you?"—Alice had heard it all. Alice was a brave girl, and with Isabella constantly by her side she had been able to laugh off the problems she faced in communicating with other people. But the breaking point came when she overheard her own parents discussing her 'pathetic life' and how useless it was for her to continue with it. The eighteen year-old girl, who had until then dreamt of being a TV producer and believed that her parents were proud of her excellent grades and cheerful attitude, gave up that night. After writing a tearful mail to her best friend and another, very brief and stoic one to her parents, she went into her balcony and jumped to her death. Isabella, who had until then wanted to be a neurosurgeon, changed her goal the next day. At Alice's funeral service, she did not cry, but gave a thin-lipped smile to her parents who were weeping openly. The glare she fixed them with told them that she knew what had caused Alice to take her life. When Alice's mother tried to make her a partner in her grief, Isabella looked her in the eye and stated clearly that she was not going to waste her time grieving. Rather, she would do something that would prevent others who suffered in a similar way from taking their life. "Not everybody has parents as supportive as you have been to her, Mrs. Whitlock," she ground out acerbically, her tone and her eyes giving the exact opposite message to her words. Alice's mother shut up immediately. That was their last conversation. Isabella looked around the almost Spartan room in its simplicity and smiled. She had a home of course, but she seldom visited it. Her research had taken over her life to the fullest extent, and she had a couch to sleep when she allowed herself to, and a bathroom to shower when she needed it. There was a small closet where she kept a few pairs of her clothes, mostly in black and white. In the bottom shelf there were two pairs of comfortable shoes. Her smile however had nothing to do with the room or her life inside it. It was a smile of quiet triumph, for her hard work of years had finally paid off. She had everything she needed—all the experiments and results tabled, and all the findings documented. Tomorrow she would inform Alec Marsh, the director of the institute, that she was ready. They would call a press conference and announce the news on radio and TV all over the world. It would take time to bring her discovery and modification to application of course, but with the government behind them, it wouldn't take too long for the benefits to reach the public. She smiled again, imagining a world free of disease and deformity of any kind. Well, there would be time enough to discuss the effects of her work. Meanwhile, she was going to take a well-earned nap before the day began. She kicked off her shoes, took off her black skirt and white blouse, and her plain white bra. From the closet she pulled out an old and comfortable t-shirt and slipped it on. After placing her discarded clothes in a laundry basket and her shoes in the proper shelf, she took out a soft warm blanket and lay down on the wide couch with a sigh. The room temperature was adjustable, but she liked the weight of the blanket. As soon as she covered herself with it, she fell into a deep sleep. Sometime later she was pulled out of it by an unexpected sound. As she blinked her eyes open, she stared in disbelief. A man was sitting at her table, his fingers flying on the keyboard of her sleek black laptop. As she sat up and threw off the blanket, he shut the machine and rotated the chair to face her, and a gasp of astonishment escaped her lips. She had never seen such perfection in a human being. The stranger did not react, but sat still as a statue, silently studying her even as she studied him. He was very fair, with eyes that seemed to glow in the milky night-light of the room. They were green perhaps, or grey—it was hard to say in the dim light. His skin was smooth and flawless, his nose perfectly straight, and his lips bow-shaped, full and light red. He had a high forehead, medium-length hair that seemed insistent on springing back from their neat style, and nicely-shaped ears. Her eyes travelled lower and took into account his wide shoulders, muscular chest and long hands, followed by legs that were stretched out in front of him and crossed gracefully at the ankles. He looked quite at ease with her perusal, but also fascinated…with her! Isabella swallowed as she noticed him check her out from head to toe, even though his gaze had not an iota of lust in it. Rather it studied her as one would study a piece of art created by a master—with awe and appreciation. And then his lips curved up in a warm smile, and she felt that she was drowning in that warmth. "Hello, Isabella. I have been looking for you for a long time." His voice was soft as velvet, with a pleasant timbre. Isabella shivered, and the fine hair on her arms stood up in response. Somewhere inside her she knew that she should be suspicious of this man who had appeared out of thin air in her office—in fact, she should already have called for the security. But at that instant she wanted to know more about him, give him a chance to explain. "Who are you?" Her voice came out as a breathy whisper, which was unusual for her. She drew her legs close and wound her arms around them. Then she recalled that she was wearing only her panties and hastily pulled up the blanket up to her waist. The man seemed completely unaffected. "Oh, I am sorry— I should have introduced myself first, shouldn't I?" He smiled again, and she felt her senses say goodbye. How could he influence her like that? The sensation in her stomach vaguely reminded her of the occasion when she was thirteen and had gone to a rock concert with her mother and Alice. The energy swirling around had been