Title of Story: A Gift of Love Story Summary: "You wouldn't call my Mum pretty. However, you can call her one of the most beautiful women on this earth." A handsome stranger, a discovery about their mother…Life is precious. Beta'ed by: Starnosy. My heartfelt thanks to this sweet woman for her enthusiasm and encouragement. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A Gift of Love You wouldn't call my Mum pretty. Nah, she's not even average in the looks department. Not that her nose is too long or short or she's cross-eyed or has pixie-like ears. No, it's just that God was in an indecisive mood when he put her together. He made the frame all right, but when he reached the face he ran out of ideas to construct anything new, or so it seems to me. I think he just picked up the leftovers from the day and glued them on the surface. None of them seem to belong together. It is as if a kid had drawn a circle and filled it with lines for eyes and nose and mouth without giving a damn for proportions. Her features have been built for functional purpose only. She can see, breathe, hear and speak. Nobody is going to write poems on the magnificence of her eyes or the perfection of her lips. Her complexion is somewhat patchy, dark in some places and light in others. She has beautiful hair though, jet-black, long and lustrous. And she's tall, she really is! If you looked at her from the back you would think she might be a top-rank model with a hot body. Tall and thin, with hair rippling down her back like a cascade of dark water. However, you would think this only if she is standing still. For as soon as she moves the illusion is broken. And the truth is far from pretty. As a result of a trivial childhood accident, grossly neglected, her left ankle was permanently damaged, leaving her with a slight limp. Her parents were stinking rich, but they figured it was unimportant to care for an ugly girl. It was her fate to be so. Besides, they had another daughter to pamper. The younger one, (must have been spoilt rotten), was the exact opposite in looks, according to my fond grandparents. At least, that is what I have gathered from their numerous mushy recounts. Oh yes, Rose was sooo pretty, adorable and cuddly as a baby and vivacious and sweet-tempered as a grown-up. Took after both of them, you see. Poor Mum. God only knows where she had descended from! "Rose was a typical Indian beauty," gushes my grandmother even today. "She had these doe-like eyes that would melt one's heart with a single, demure look. She had a small nose, slightly upturned, just like me. And her lips were of the shape of the Cupid's bow, and her dimples…She had such a sweet disposition. I never saw her frown in her life." And cue the sigh. Oh, how I wish it was permissible to be rude to one's grandmother! The funny thing is, Mum is not bitter about anything. She says she understands. Her parents, the pillars of the business community in their small town in the southern part of India, were hoping for a son as their firstborn. But all they got was a daughter, that too an ugly one. Naturally they were disappointed. How were they going to explain it to their relatives and friends? On my grandfather's side, the first child in every generation had been a boy. And then this! The second daughter, born five years later, didn't bother them too much as by then they had lost any hope of having any other child. (They had married kind of late anyway.) That she was pretty as a picture was a bonus. They had no more children, so they showered all their love on her. Not that it excuses their criminal neglect of the elder daughter. Even now you will find their living-room walls adorned with the pictures of a lovely, laughing girl—dancing, holding a trophy, enjoying herself on a picnic, or blowing the candles on her birthday cake. Only a few group pictures show another girl, older, with a shy smile on her lips. That's Mum. She looks rather out of place, ready to run out of the frame. It is clear she wasn't feeling comfortable there. No prizes for guessing who must have made her feel so awkward. Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you. Mum's a doctor—a pediatrician. You see, she loves kids, all of them. She doesn't treat them just physically, she goes into their psyche. She becomes their confidante and friend, much like she's ours. And don't they adore her! I have even seen some of her long-term patients cry their hearts out when it is time to leave the hospital. And while they are there, it is always Bella aunty this and Bella aunty that. To be honest, it made me jealous when I was younger, to see her surrounded by all those kids, and her face glowing with love and happiness. Now of course I understand. She is so full of love that she has got to distribute it among as many children as possible. Or maybe making sure no other child feels neglected, as she used to do. I have got a sister as well, couple of years younger to me. Her name is Angela, but Mum calls her Pari, meaning fairy, because she says she is pretty like one. I say that she did when she was a child and Mum dressed her up in the prettiest of dresses. But ever since she has turned fifteen she has also turned into a rebel without a cause. She sports the typical grunge look and streaks her hair pink and purple for her friends' birthday parties. Really, she is getting to be a brat, but Mum says she will outgrow it; she is just high- spirited. My grandparents agree, of course. After all, she is the apple of their eye. They say that she takes after her mother. Our mother, actually. That is, our biological mother. Oh, didn't I tell you? I am not telling this story in the correct order, am I? But then, I am not a pro in this department. Let me try to explain it better. So, anyway, what I was saying is that Aunt Rose is our biological mother. Why am I calling her Aunt? Well, it is kind of difficult to connect with her. She died real early, right after my sister was born. So I don't remember her at all. Neither do I miss her. Does that sound disloyal? But you see, Mum is Mum to me. Aunt Rose is just her sister. Of course, my grandparents still miss her, and praise her a lot too, every time they meet Mum. Which is more than I would like them to. And you know what Grandma told us on her last visit? That nobody would have married Mum ever, so it was lucky for her Dad took pity on her after Rose's death and married her. How can she? How can any mother say it? And Grandpa keeps quiet, never stops her. One day I'm going to explode, and tell them exactly what I think of them, the old fogies! I mean, I know Mum loves us, I feel it in my bones. And I think Dad knows too. He treats Mum okay. In fact, he's rather respectful towards her, as if she was her senior officer! (Dad is in the administrative services, you see.) And Mum, she treats him like she does all of us—friendly, but a bit maternal. Sometimes I wonder about their relationship. But both of them love us, so life is pretty good for Pari and me, no complaints. Mum is a pretty regular kind of person. I mean, you know just what she will say and how will she react in a situation. I thought she has always been like this, but today I got a huge shock. The whole thing is completely insane, unbelievable. The day had begun like any other weekday. Pari and I had our breakfast and left for school while Mum and Dad were getting ready for work. At school, James, my classmate, was still trying to get friendly with Pari. At the rate he is going, he would successfully ask her for a date in a hundred years, maybe. Nice chap, but he does get nervous in front of her. Not that impressing Pari is easy. She is so totally cool, even I would have been nervous in James's place. I mean, she is very friendly, but she has a way of looking at you which makes you stumble over your words. Especially if you are going to ask something personal. Makes you feel kind of silly, if you know what I mean. We rehearsed for the Christmas musical, and Mrs. Cope was really pleased with my flute-playing. Even went to the extent of saying I had potential. That's something, coming from her. I doubt even Lord Krishna would have received anything more if he had suddenly appeared in front of her and played a soulful tune. She would have been impressed, but her expression would have remained unchanged. She is the very picture of stoic. She would have nodded slowly and commented—"Young man, you have potential. Carry on! And better wear something warm, you will catch cold in those garments!" She would have probably added something like 'teenagers nowadays will do anything to look different' as well! Have you seen Krishna's pictures? I really like him. Those colourful clothes and that mischievous smile, at least in the pictures depicting him as a child, and he never lost his cool. That's something I would like to emulate. Not that I get into fights easily, but I have frequently experienced that boiling bubbling feeling in my blood when faced with injustice or hypocrisy. I tend to stew in my anger, which I think is as bad as letting it out violently. Anyway, where were we? Oh yes, Krishna and his coolness. Sometimes I wonder if Krishna was weather-proof. He never crippled his style by loading himself with pullovers or jackets. Guess a number of dudes today are inspired by his sense of (un)dress. And then they say we are trying to show off! We reached home at the usual time, and there was the first surprise of the day. Mum was home. Her car was parked outside the garage. But how could that be? She never took an off unless one of us was sick. At least, not that I could remember. Was she unwell? As Pari and I entered the house, I saw that there was someone else in the drawing room. He had his back to us, but as Mum noticed us and beckoned to come over, he turned and smiled warmly. I was sure he wasn't Indian, for all his dark hair and eyes and suntanned face. I couldn't place him though. But that mystery was solved the next moment as he stood up and shook hands with us, introducing himself as Doctor Antonio, from Naples. He had a very charming smile. I noticed with amusement that Pari seemed awestruck. Mum gestured to us to go and change, and not until we had reached the landing upstairs did Pari utter a word, and then it was only a dazed "Wow!" "Pari, he is too old for you!" I laughed. "So what?" she replied. "He's so…hot! Actually I look too young for him!" She shook her head. "He will never notice me if he saw me only in this uniform. Must change into something glamorous!" And she rushed to her room. Crazy, that girl! But when we went back to the drawing room we found only