The Seven Deadly Sins Twific Contest Title: Her Perfect Life Author's Name: archy12 Sin Chosen: Envy Word Count (without Header): 11,300 Beta'd By: TeamAllTwilight Summary: "People sometimes try to destroy those they are jealous of, but I nearly destroyed my own life, wanting what Rosalie had." Bella hated Rosalie as a child and envied her as an adult. Where did it lead to? Warnings: Character death mentioned. Some indecent language and acts. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities here. No copyright infringement is intended. Her Perfect Life I have known Rosalie Hale since I was five, and hated her since. Well, not her really, just the life she has always had. We met on the first day of the first day of school at Forks Elementary. My mother immediately pointed her out to me as she opened the car door. "Just look at that pretty little girl, Isabella! Such beautiful blond hair and shining blue eyes, and so put together. I wish you could be like her." I looked where a girl of my age was being fussed over by her parents. I wasn't sure what being put-together implied, but it must be something good. A long, shiny white car stood in the background, completing the picture of the perfect family. Mom sighed as she glanced at her beaten up second-hand Chevy with its peeling paint and a large dent on the rear door. "Some women have all the luck. A rich husband, and an angelic-looking daughter." My five year-old mind did not immediately comprehend that she found dad and me wanting. But she made it amply clear as the days passed. Rosalie's dad owned half of Forks, being in the construction business. Charles Swan, my dad, was the chief of police. The title wasn't as impressive as it sounded when you considered that the police station had a staff of maybe a dozen policemen. As a child I considered my father to be the most important man in the tiny town, but my mother made sure that she disabused me of the notion. "Money, Isabella, money is the most important thing in this world," she explained to me when I asked her why she thought Mr. Hale was more important than daddy—even though he did not have a uniform and badge. "Power, position, fame—everything else comes after that. Not that your father has any of those either." Then she stared at the full length mirror on her dresser and smirked. "Well, I suppose good looks are a very close second." Mom was beautiful—there was no doubt about that. With her golden hair and bright blue eyes, her slender figure and flawless porcelain skin, she could have been a model. Or at the very least, she could have married a millionaire. That's what she always told me. But she made the mistake of falling in love with dad while passing through the town on a road trip with friends. He had helped them when their car had broken down and some drunken characters were bothering them, and mom thought he was so dashing. She chose to stay behind when her friends left, and before she knew what was happening she was married and expecting a baby. "At least you could have fulfilled my dreams," she sighed to the mirror as I swung my feet while sitting on the bed and staring at her back. Her long wavy hair shimmered like a curtain of gold as she moved her head from side to side. "But no, you just had to look like your father. And you didn't even get his height!" "Dad says I look like grandma," I amended her statement, because come on, how could I look like a guy? It didn't seem to please her much. "Well, she is no beauty either, is she?" she asked, clearly not expecting an answer. I shook my head anyway. Grandma was sweet and spoiled me whenever we visited her, which wasn't much since she lived in Florida. Her brown hair was going on to grey, and her brown eyes were kind. She was always cheerful and had a large number of friends. But she wasn't beautiful, not like mom. "Why don't you befriend Rosalie? You might pick up some useful things from her," she commented while twirling her hair around her index finger and then letting it go, watching as it made a little spiral. By now she had spoken with Rosalie's parents and praised their daughter extravagantly, which had clearly pleased them very much. Mr. Hale didn't talk much, but Catharine Hale had been gracious, saying how important it was for children to have decent friends and that they should plan sleepovers for us. Rosalie had merely smiled politely. I shrugged. "She hasn't asked me to. Anyway, I like Angela better. She is not a stuck-up like Rosalie." Mom rolled her eyes. "She is not stuck-up, dear. She knows how to carry herself. And Angela's father is only a minister at the local church. What is the use of befriending her? You will not get anything out of her!" "We make friends so that we can get something out of them?" I asked, puzzled. Grandma had told me that friends can be the family members we get to choose. Mom was talking about them like we were buying something from Walmart. "Oh Isabella, you have so much to learn!" she declared in a theatrical manner. I wished she would call me Bella like dad did. Isabella was such a formal sounding name, like a princess from a fairy tale—it was nothing like me. I was plain like a sparrow, small and brown. I liked wearing shorts during summer and playing outdoors. When we went to Florida I didn't care if I got a tan on my skin and freckles on my nose. Dresses seemed like the most useless thing in the world to me. What was the point of wearing something that wouldn't allow me to climb trees and jump over ditches? However, mom said she liked my name because it was so proper. "I can at least pretend you are the sort of daughter I always wanted," she explained. Clearly I fell short of her expectations. It did not encourage me to befriend Rosalie though, or even learn to be more like her. I continued to be the tomboy I was and have fun with Angela doing non-girly things. All my mother's words did were to build the foundation of dislike on which I erected the tower of hate against the perfect Rosalie. Even though Mrs. Hale was not exactly a friend, mom got along with her well enough to visit her now and then. It was years before I realized that she was just sucking up to her so that some of Mrs. Hale's privileged life might rub upon her. Every such occasion resulted in a lecture to me to be more like Rosalie. Unfortunately for me, she was the class topper every year, had exceptional skills in debate and recitation, and could play the piano like a pro by the time we were freshmen at high school. When she joined the cheerleading team, boys drooled over her. Even though I was an above average student, I was nowhere near the top. I just did not have the brains, I guess. Also I knew my parents would not be sending me to some fancy college—they didn't have that kind of money. I won a few medals in track running, but that did not impress my mother. And I had no inclination towards playing any instrument. Not that my parents could have afforded the lessons anyway. The brightest spot in my freshman year was when Edward Cullen asked me to date him. He was a senior, which should have made me invisible to him. He was also blessed with a gorgeous face and a glorious body—tall, lean, with a chiseled jaw and a striking combination of emerald green eyes and copper-toned hair. When he spoke to me the first time, I almost fell over with astonishment. When he asked me out just before Christmas, I suspected he was pulling my leg. Except that everybody knew of him as the ultimate nice guy. He was a straight-A student and the editor of the school magazine, respectful to teachers and friendly towards everyone. I had no idea what he saw in me. Of course I agreed, once I was convinced it was not some sort of prank. My parents had very different reactions. Mom thought that I was finally getting to be someone, even if by association. Dad asked if Edward wasn't too old for me. He wasn't satisfied until Edward met him and promised that his intentions were completely honorable. I thought it was very smooth of him, but as the days passed and he refused to do more than kiss me, I realized he had been completely sincere. Meanwhile, rumors were circulating that Rosalie had gone to third base with her boyfriend Eric Yorkie, a linebacker in the school football team. It seemed I was always destined to remain behind her. When I complained to Edward, he tried to reason with me. "Bella," he said softly while his fingers played with my hair. It was spring vacation and we were at his house, alone. His parents, both of them doctors, were at the hospital. I thought it was the perfect time to do some experimentation, but he did not agree with me. "I agree that the physical part of love is as important as the emotional, but there is a time for everything. I can't take it casually—I never could. Of course I don't know what the future holds for us, once I leave for school. Long-distance relationships are notoriously difficult. Hell, I don't even know if you want to have a relationship with me after this year! Will you give us a chance, Bella?" I had closed my eyes as his fingers slid down my cheek. When I opened them to answer his question, I found his eyes intense and honest. It made me swallow as I tried to find the right words. "You love me?" I blurted out. I felt like an idiot and clapped my hands over my mouth then. None of us had made that confession yet, even though Edward's expression sometimes made me think that he felt more than a high school boyfriend usually did. He smiled that sunny smile of his that could brighten my day in an instant. "Right from the day when I saw you in the cafeteria," he admitted sheepishly. My mouth formed a little 'o' of surprise. But then, I could not help teasing him. "You are such a romantic, Edward!" He bit his lip. "Does that disappoint you? I know it's not cool." I rolled my eyes. "Disappoint? You fell in love with me at the first sight. I am flattered!" "I sense a 'but' coming on." His eyes were wary. I huffed in frustration. "Look Edward, I am not saying your feelings are not genuine. But we both know that high school relationships are more often than not temporary in nature. Plus you are every girl's dream—beautiful, brainy and genuinely nice. Once you are at Dartmouth, girls will be falling over you. Who knows how soon you will forget me?" "I haven't been accepted at Dartmouth yet," he argued. I sighed. "That is a moot point. You know you will be, if not Dartmouth than someplace equally good. What does it matter whether you go to Dartmouth, Harvard or Stanford? The result is going to be the same!" Now he looked almost angry. "Your faith in me is touching, Bella. You are so sure that I will forget you that you are not even ready to think of the possibility that I might not. Suppose I guarantee you that I will not forget you. What then? What if you are swept away by someone