Thank you, everybody who read and reviewed this story in the Age of Edward Contest! It was heartening to see people wanted it continued, in spite of my mistakes. Not Without Thee London, December 1592 Edward Masen slunk along the silent streets like a shadow, glancing around him furtively. He did not want to come face-to-face with a constable. He had already visited three houses, three houses vacant of their residents because they had left London in a tearing hurry. They were wealthy and titled families, and had estates in the countryside. And escaping to the country was the only sure way of fleeing from the Black Death that was currently sweeping the city, sparing neither the poor nor the rich. Plague was not new to London. It had been ravaged by the fearsome malady multiple times in the sixteenth century alone, enfolding thousands of victims every time in its wide black cloak. And why would it not? The city streets were filthy with refuse, rats roamed around freely, bearing the disease-spreading fleas with them, and there was no sewage system to speak of. All the garbage was thrown into the river Thames, and since the people used boats all the time as a means of transport, they were in daily contact with all kinds of germs. It was not that Edward was not afraid of death. He was, but there was something he wanted so badly—he was willing to take a certain amount of risk for that. And he had been as careful as possible, avoiding the houses with the dreaded sign of a red cross upon their door, which meant that they had buried their occupants. As tempting as it was to steal from such houses because it was almost sure that the gold and money was still lying within, he had no wish to commit suicide. He came to another prosperous looking townhouse, dark and quiet, with the long, narrow windows shut fast. After making sure that the door was free of any mark resembling a cross, he pushed it, and it opened immediately, with a slight creaking sound. He was relieved to discover that the air inside wasn't very stale. The occupants must have left very recently. He remembered the stink in the other houses and shuddered, thanking God for small mercies. Quickly he stepped inside, shut the door and waited for a moment, listening for any sound that might change his plan. When there was nothing, he withdrew a small candle in a glass box from one of the pockets of his greatcoat, and a tinderbox from the other. When he had lighted the candle, he took the lay of the land. It was pretty much like any other house belonging to a wealthy family. He was standing in a small vestibule, with a door in front of him and another to the right, which probably led to the kitchen and scullery. He decided to take the one in front and found himself in a large hall. The candle light showed him plush davenports and rich tapestries, although it was too dim for any details to be visible. There was a door on the far left that probably opened into the library. At the back of the room he could see a staircase going up to the first floor. That would be where the bedrooms would be, and where he could hope to discover some trinkets left behind. He had already had a good haul from the other houses, so anything he might find here would augment his profits. After taking a look in the hall for anything valuable and finding nothing, he carefully climbed the stairs. A couple of them creaked, and he froze momentarily, but silence still reigned. He exhaled in relief and went on. The staircase curved gently to the right, and there was a landing on the top. Edward raised his candle stub and counted four doors, all closed, in front of him and to the left. He sighed at how low he had fallen in life and began searching the rooms one by one. First he looked around for a bigger candle, for his stub would not last long. Of course there was one by the bed, on the nightstand. After lighting it, he blew out his own and placed it back in the glass box. Then he checked the wardrobe and the chest of drawers in the room, and was pleased to find a few items of jewellery. It must belong to the mistress of the house, he thought. The next two rooms seemed to belong to gentlemen, for they yielded nothing but a few coins, but then he was lucky to discover a belt studded with pearls lying on a bed in one, and felt very pleased on the whole. It seemed that the occupants had left in somewhat of a hurry. He almost felt like whistling as he entered the last room, his spirits high. After placing the candle on a chest he opened a cupboard and began checking the shelves. He grinned widely when he discovered a gold necklace and a number of rings. As he picked up the necklace, he was startled by a groan conveying great suffering. "A-ah." His first thought was that the occupant of the room had passed away recently and was haunting her last abode. Hastily he dropped the necklace back and mentally apologized to the resident spirit for disturbing her. As he backed out of the room, looking in all directions for anything unnatural, he heard another groan. "Ed-ward." He jumped a foot in the air at this unexpected address. Why would the spirit call his name? Did she have a message for him from the other world? He supposed he should answer her. "Uh, yes, I am Edward. And I apologize—" "Ed-ward," interrupted the voice, full of pain and despair. And this time, he noticed that the sound came from the direction of the four-poster bed, pushed against the far wall. Also, he felt as if he should recognize the voice; there was something so familiar about it. It reminded him of…but that was impossible. She wasn't even in this city. The logical part of his mind ordered him to leave quickly, but something drew him to that bed. As he approached it, he could make out a small shape, huddled under the covers. God in heaven, could this be a living woman? Why was she alone in the house? Be that as it may, he could not leave her like this, unwell and helpless. "My lady," he addressed her tentatively, unsure whether or not there would be a reply. "Are you ill? Do you need the apothecary?" "Ed…ward…" No, no it could not be, it could not be her. And yet…he turned, picked up the candle, and placed it in a holder on the nightstand by the bed. When he turned back and looked at the woman there, he felt the hair on his arms stand up. Impossible, impossible, his mind screamed—she was with her cousin, far away in Kent, safe and happy. Her uncle had assured him that she was waiting for him, planning their wedding. As soon as he could pay his debts… But then, who was this woman who kept on calling his name? Of course, Edward was a common enough name. Still, there was something about her…He had to make sure. At the very least, he had to help her. He sat on the bed and placed his hand on her forehead. It was burning; no surprise there. He took her pulse and found it a little faster than normal. However, he could not see any signs of the dreaded Black Death on her skin. As an apprentice to a doctor, he could be sure of that , at least. He looked around for the basin of water that was an essential part of a gentlewoman's room. Yes, there it was, in front of a mirror on the wall. There was a washcloth too. The water was cold but not too much, just the thing for bringing down a fever. He dipped the cloth in it, squeezed out the extra water and gently laid it on the woman's forehead. "Wa-ter," she croaked. This time he hunted for a jug and a glass. When he raised her head a little by supporting it from behind and touched the glass to her lips, she gulped thirstily. "Easy, or you will make yourself sick," he murmured. "You poor dear, how long have you been without water?" She looked at him then, and as their eyes met, all his doubts melted away. However different she looked, she was the same girl he had promised to marry ten years ago. "Bella?" he almost choked on the word, and she gazed at him curiously. "Is it truly thou?" She squinted, as if trying to figure out something. "Edward?" His name was a sigh on her lips. He shifted so that she could see his face better. "Yes Bella, it is I, Edward. But—I don't understand—how canst thou be here?" And then the full gravity of her situation struck him, making his face go white. "Bella," he whispered urgently, "art thou a guest here?" Improbable as it was, it was the best he could hope for. She muttered something, but it was impossible to figure out what the words were. It was obvious she lacked strength for any kind of conversation. If she had not had water since the family left, there was slight chance of any kind of nourishment. He must get her something to eat first. There were a couple of candles standing on the heavy, ornately carved dresser. He lit one of them and made his way downstairs and to the kitchen. Here it was confirmed that the family had not been gone long, for there were covered dishes on the wooden table and even a few unwashed plates. Best of all, he could see some embers in the fireplace. He raked it up a bit and put a pot of stew on it until the contents were warm enough to be eaten. These he ladled into two large bowls, cut some bread and added a jug of ale to it, and took everything upstairs on a tray. He helped Bella sit, supporting her with pillows. Then he fed her the deliciously thick stew very slowly, sopping it with small bites of bread and chased by sips of ale. He too was famished, so while she was busy chewing her food he took an opportunity to partake of the victuals himself. As soon as Bella had had enough, she lay back and closed her eyes. Edward helped her lie down properly and covered her with the heavy quilt, satisfied that he had done whatever was possible for the moment. Her forehead seemed to be cooler, so he decided he could relax for the moment. The only problem was there was nowhere to relax, except the rush mats that covered the floor, and he knew very well just how itchy they were. There were a couple of stools, but he could hardly pass the night sitting upright upon them. He supposed he could go into the adjoining room, but what if she needed him during the night? Her own bed was quite wide though, and he struggled with himself for a moment before taking off his shoes and coat and getting inside the covers with her. Once there it was a foregone conclusion that he would want to be as close to Bella as possible. After all, he had been waiting to hold her in his arms for years. So he gave up the thought of propriety and hugged her loosely, taking care that she was comfortable. In less than a minute he was asleep. -NWY- Bella woke up in the morning feeling much better. Her head felt clearer and her body ached less. She even felt slightly hungry!