This was my entry in the P.S. I Love You Contest. I wanted to do something different to show the words could be spoken in an abnormal situation, hence the experiment. It was heartening to see many of my regular readers in the reviewers. Thank you so much for supporting this story. I was kind of scared to send it to the contest, and I am still scared but I am posting it anyway. Beta'ed by the ever-reliable StarNosy. She is truly my rock! Disclaimer: Everything Twilight belongs to S. Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. "Edward, Ed-ward. Wake up, pretty boy." Ugh, stop with the sing-song tone and go away. "I know you are awake. Open your emerald eyes and look at me, handsome." I roll my eyes without opening them. Seriously, emerald eyes ? Who the fuck talks like that? What kind of chick did I pick up last night? Soft fingers walk up my bare chest. "I see you are not in the mood to get up. Perhaps I can help you change your mind?" I smile, not caring to pretend any more. Oh baby, if you are thinking what I am thinking, you are most welcome to help me. The fingers walk south, pausing at the edge of my boxers. More fingers join them, helping them push them down right to my feet, and I kick them off. The fingers walk back to where I want them, and group together with the thumbs to surround my cock, one hand on top of the other. What can I say? I am a big boy. They stroke, they grip and pull until I am fully erect and groaning with anticipation, and then a pair of full lips encircle me and a warm mouth and a marvellous tongue take me on a journey to heaven. Somewhere on the way I open my eyes, but the semi-darkness around isn't interesting enough to keep them that way, so I close them again and give myself up to the sensations running up and down my body. When I am spent and my panting has lessened, I stretch lazily and open my eyes again, ready to thank my angel. However, when my eyes adjust to the darkness, I find that I am alone in the room. I blink repeatedly, trying to make some sense of what has happened. Did I dream the whole experience? No, my cock disagrees. That kind of intense experience had to be real. Now that I am alone, the darkness bothers me. I am a creature of brightness; I live to dazzle others, to be in the spotlight. I need to be constantly surrounded by lights. I even go to sleep with a night light in my room, wherever I am in the world. I am not in my hotel room, of course. That much I do remember, no matter how much I had to drink last night. I had celebrated the end of my assignment with a night out at the best club of the town, met this sinfully sexy blonde and accepted her invitation to spend the night with her. After that…I frown as the details elude me. But every hotel room has a table lamp or something. Perhaps I was too busy with other, more pleasant activities. I get up from the bed and look around for a light switch or lamp. The side table has a phone and a digital alarm clock on it, but no lamp. The ornate looking holder on the wall has no bulb in it. The housekeeping in this hotel sucks! There is a window, but when I draw back the heavy silk curtains I find opaque glass panes fitted in small panels and a solid grill in front of them. They barely allow any light to steal inside. I can make out that it is day, but that's it. This is the limit. I mean, some hotels take security very seriously, but come on. I look at the clock and find it is eight in the morning. Now where is my phone? I have to contact my agent and find out what time is my flight. The shirt and jeans I was wearing last night are hanging in a small wardrobe, but though I check all the pockets I can't find my phone anywhere. Even more disturbing is the fact that my wallet is missing. It is not on the bed or the table, and there is no other furniture in the room. I even check the adjoining bathroom, but nothing. The bathroom is strictly functional, but there is a new toothbrush and toothpaste, so I brush my teeth and put on my clothes. I will go down to the reception and call my agent from there. I don't look my best, but that can't be helped. However, when I try to open the door, it doesn't budge. This is too much. Did Sexy Chick lock me in? Why would she do that? I would have been happy to oblige her if she had wanted another round. Wait, has she stolen my phone and wallet? Damn, I knew going to her place was a bad idea. I should have taken her to my hotel. I sigh and approach the hotel phone. I can only hope the receptionist is the discreet type and doesn't babble to the media. The tabloids would have a field day with this story! I pick up the handset and dial zero, and a sultry voice answers. "Good morning, sir. What can I do for you?" My first thought is to ask her to come to my room so she can give me a demo of everything she can do for me, but since much depends on her goodwill I cut that idea short. Instead I use my most charming tone on her. "Good morning, Miss. It seems I have been locked in my room. Can you please send someone to unlock the door so I can leave? And I am sorry, but I don't know the room number. You see," I drop my volume and add a touch of sheepishness to my tone, "I came here with a girl I met at a club. I don't even know her name. And now she has stolen my phone and wallet as well. Please help me." I am not sure what I expected her reaction to be. A polite cough to disguise her amusement, perhaps, or even a chuckle, but not outright laughter. And yet that's what she does—she chortles as if I have made the funniest joke ever. I bite my tongue as I control myself from saying something extremely rude. Still, I can't help but sound annoyed when I speak. After she has stopped expelling her mirth, of course. "It's not that funny, you know. In fact, it's a nuisance. I have a flight to catch sometime today and for that I need to contact my agent. Can you send someone quickly?" "No." What the…What is she playing at? I will have to complain to the management. "What do you mean no? You don't have a staff member who can come unlock my door? What kind of hotel is are you running anyway?" "Hotel?" Another chortle. "You are more stupid than I had been told, Edward." A prickle of unease runs down my back. I ignore the insult and focus on other, more important things. "How do you know my name? And if this is not a hotel, what is it?" A sigh. "All in good time, Edward. Are you hungry?" The change of topic leaves me baffled. "Hungry?" "Yes, Edward," she says, with exaggerated patience, "hungry. You know, the empty feeling in your stomach? Or have you never experienced hunger?" "Of course I have experienced hunger," I reply indignantly. "And yes, I am hungry right now, but first I would like to—" "I will send breakfast for you. If you eat everything like a good boy, you might get to meet my boss." The phone is disconnected. Boss? Like in the mafia? Jesus, what have I got myself into? Whatever. As soon as that door opens, I am out of here. I brace myself for the run. I have always been light of foot. No chick or dude will be able to catch me. The door opens and a trolley is pushed in, followed by a mountain of a man. If I want to squeeze past him, I would have to be an ant, or a sheet of paper. I unbrace myself and sit on the bed, making myself look as harmless as possible. Even in the greyish light of the room I can see his muscles flex. I am in good shape; I have to be for my job. But this dude can probably crush my skull between his dinner-plate size hands if he wants to. Better not give him a reason. He places the trolley in front of me and then does something completely unexpected. He grins broadly, showing even white teeth and dimples on both sides. I blink at him stupidly. "Have your meal, bro. I will be back in fifteen minutes. Better finish everything, by the way. Rose doesn't like food to be wasted." "Rose?" "My wife. She manages this whole place." "Oh. And what is this place? He grins again. "I can tell you, but then I will have to kill you." He looks at his watch. "Fourteen minutes." And he is gone, shutting the door after him. I sigh and lift the silver dome on the tray. A big-mouth burger, freshly made, a side of large fries and a small bowl of cheesy jalapeno dip greets me. At least they aren't planning to starve me. Yet. Mindful of the time limit, I attack the food like I haven't eaten forever. The clock informs me that I have succeeded in decimating my burger and fries in less than ten minutes. Now if only I had a nicely chilled beer to wash it down… As if I had wished aloud, the mountain-man appears like Aladdin's genie, though he comes in like a normal man after opening the door. I imagine him popping up from the fabled lamp and suppress a snicker. After all, he has a bottle of Sam Adams in his hand, drops of condensation rolling down the famous picture of Paul Revere on the label. They make him look like he is standing in gently falling rain. Genie-man smacks the bottle on the table with a flourish and produces a bottle-opener from the pocket of his apron while I try not to drool at the welcome sight. With a twist of his thick wrist, he takes the cap off and grins happily. "There you go, mate. And good job on finishing the food." He sounds like a proud parent whose pre-schooler has just won his first race. I take a large gulp of the cold liquid and make an appreciative noise. "Thank you. This is my favorite beer, and the burger was good too. I hadn't expected this, so…" I take another long pull. He shrugs. "Oh well, we have been expecting you, so we—" The rest of his sentence is lost on me as I choke on my beer. I cough and my eyes water as I rub my chest, trying to breathe properly. The beer-man pats my back helpfully, but his forceful hands only make my coughing worse. I wave a hand at him to make him stop. When I finally stop coughing, he hands me a tissue to wipe my eyes and nose. Truly a marvelous genie, this bear-like man! "Did you say you were expecting me?" I ask, having got my breath back. He looks puzzled. "Why yes, we were. How else could we prepare for your arrival?" "But how—I mean—how is that possible?" I stutter. "How could you know I would leave with that girl, or even visit that particular club? Why am I