This is obviously a Hunger Games Fanfiction. A lot of things will change in this story. Mostly because I think Katniss is full of herself, but you never know; I may change my mind. No offense or anything. Some of the things in this story may seem impossible due to time differences and area of origin but just go along with it. Well, it doesn't actually matter because you have no choice but to go along with it. Third Person Point of View She couldn't believe it. She had made it out of the games alive. She kind of knew she would. It was her instincts that told her she would. Not to protect herself, or to kill, or to even provide a better home for herself - not that District two wasn't an okay place to live; they did get better treatment than any other district due to their loyalty during the Dark Days. No, but to protect the child growing within. That's right, she went into the Hunger Games pregnant. And she made it out alive. They made it out alive. Normally only twenty four people would enter the games and only one would make it out, but this time twenty five had went in and two had walked out. That was a miracle within itself. To be honest, she thought that the Capitol would notice another life force inside her and try to kill her child, but they hadn't. For that she was ecstatic. She could've never let a child - one that hadn't lived a day of its life no less - suffer because of her stupid mistake. People always assumed that people from the career districts were heartless because of their viciousness. That wasn't true. They simply fought to protect themselves, get back to their families, and to bring honor to themselves. What made the other districts so different? It's not like people from the career districts had a choice to be born; they just were. They had to fight. It was kill or be killed. The number one rule in District Two, the infamous masonry district. Not only would her family be proud of her, but now she'd have a family of her own. This child would be protected, she'd make sure of that. But first she would need to learn how to take care of a child. She groaned. Who was she kidding? She was fourteen soon to be fifteen, she wasn't ready to take care of a child. She sighed, before stepping off the train. She smiled and waved at the crowd, like she was instructed to do. District two cheered loudly, it was an honor to be in the games, and an even bigger honor to win them. She read the speech that she was given before heading towards the Victor's Village where she'd be staying for now. She'd be living alone because all of her siblings were over the age of eighteen and her parents had passed away. Now that she had won she no longer needed to live with her brother, and technically she was now semi-responsible for herself. She took a quick tour of the house to familiarize herself with it. It'd be a bit embarrassing if she couldn't remember where things were in her own house, especially when she had to show it to her family. After she was absolutely sure she remembered everything, she picked a room and laid down, taking in everything. She had won the games. She actually won the games! She couldn't be more excited that she did. Nothing right then could upset her. She hadn't realized that she fell asleep until sunlight streamed in through the folds of the curtains. She sat up and rubbed the sleep and grogginess away from her eyes. She stretched and groaned. She remembered that it was the day her siblings were coming over to see and congratulate her on her win. She pulled the covers back and cautiously brought one foot to the ground, as if making sure there weren't any traps set up after she was fell asleep. Just because she who the games didn't mean she trusted the gamemakers or the Capitol itself. Not even the fact that if they had truly wished to kill her they would have done it while she was asleep instead of setting up traps comforted her. When she deemed it safe, she stood up, and semi-blindly walked to the bathroom and turned on the shower - even though the godforsaken thing confused her to no end. She grabbed clothes and a towel before walking back in. She walked out fifteen minutes later, sporting long, damp, raven black hair. She was dressed in a slightly casual, slightly killer black jumpsuit with matching black combat boots. She stuffed throwing knives in her boots. She didn't want to be unarmed if attacked, not that anyone actually had the guts or balls to do it. They knew not to mess with her, she had always been deadly; ever since she was seven. She stopped in front of a mirror and scoffed. The mirror was about three feet taller than her and about two feet wider. Why would anyone need a mirror that big? Not that she wasn't used to them, she just didn't like them. They were useless, it's not like she was constantly staring at herself. She sighed, and rubbed her stomach where her unborn child was growing. It was a good thing her baby bump hadn't begun to grow. The games made sure of that. She walked down the stairs and reached into her cabinets, where she knew there'd already be stocked food. She was right. She quickly ate the food that she found, and went back upstairs to brush her teeth. When she finished, she splashed some water on her face and grinned. She was pretty good at the 'being responsible' thing. She trekked down the stairs again, and sat on the oh-so comfortable, yet completely inessential couch, and grabbed the remote. She looked down at the black stick that couldn't be more than a foot. They had many things in District Two but a T.V. and a remote - currently known as 'the black stick that couldn't be more than a foot' - was not one of those things. A few people had them, but they rarely ever needed them, nor were they as grand as the one sitting opposite of her current position. After careful consideration, she threw the remote down and laid across the couch, and stared up at the ceiling. There wasn't really any reason to watch the T.V. when all it was probably showing was the highlights of her games. She most definitely did not want to relive that. She closed her eyes, and relished in the peaceful silence. Before she knew it, she was slowly drifting off. She jerked upwards at the only-now frightening sound of a knock. She looked over at the door in confusion before glancing at the clock and cursing. She scrambled off the couch and ran to the door. She forgot her family were coming to congratulate her. She opened the door and was greeted by one of her older brothers, Cassius. He was the youngest brother but still five years older than her and never let her forget so. The aforementioned man grinned down at her. He had hair as dark as hers, with semi-chiseled jaw, and what she heard many girls call 'the most adorable smile'. With the same dark hair and tan complexion, there was no wonder that if they were siblings. It often annoyed them of their resemblance to not only each other, but their older siblings as well. Same dark hair. Same tan skin. Same dark eyes. Same good looks. It was safe to say that beauty ran in the Vincere family. "Hey, little sis," Her brother, Cassius, greeted warmly. He bent down to give her a hug. "How has life on your own been treating you?" She smiled back and let him in. "So far it's going great, though, it gets a bit lonely." "I bet it does," he agrees, his smile never faltering. "Now what did I say about wearing stuff like that?" he asked, after taking in her appearance. "It's too revealing for my little sister." "Well I'm living on my own now, so I have to learn to make my own decisions," she replied, leading him over to the couch. "And I did, so here we are." He sighed, taking a seat. "I still don't think you should be living all by yourself. None of us do," There was no question about who 'us' was, he was obviously talking about the other occupants of the Vincere family. "I know. But it was bound to happen." She answers, trying to quell his worries. "But not when your fourteen!" he exclaimed, before taking a deep breath. When he spoke again, his voice came out softer, "I'm just worried something will happen." "It won't. Victors get treated extremely well. And not to mention the fact that people fear them just as much as they admire them." She looked at him, trying to convince him. "They'll be too afraid to do anything. If they try, they might just find themselves without a limb." Cassius laughed at his sister's suggestion. "Where's everybody else?" he asked, only now noticing that they were alone. "Surely I'm not here on time." "Actually you are," she answered him. Then added, "For the first time in your life." He glanced at her quizzically. She shrugged doing her best to conceal a smirk. "Well, how long until everyone shows up?" "Any minute now, really." They continued to talk and her brother told her a few of the things that happened while she was gone. She found herself not really having anything worthwhile to tell. Everything that had happened in her games he had already seen. As did everyone else, and she really didn't want to tell him about the 'prepping' for the games, or even after. So, she simply let him talk. Soon, her family had all shown up and were talking. She laughed and smiled, and they laughed and smiled back. Her eldest brother, Airo, and his wife, Marilyn, had talked about how their little girl had just turned two, (which made her very sad that she missed her niece's second birthday) and how they already wanted more. That statement alone sparked something inside of her. They were old enough and were a complete family; they could afford to want children unlike herself. By the time her second eldest brother, Braelin, and his wife, Charlene, had said they were expecting their first child, she was completely and utterly guilt-stricken. Two of her brothers were of age - technically all three of them were, but she knew Cassius didn't want any yet. He wanted to wait. And that was okay, he was nineteen. Her brother, Airo, was twenty four, and Braelin was twenty two. She, on the other completely unhelpful hand, was only fourteen. Her sister-in-law noticed this. "What's got you down?" Marilyn asked. They all turned to look at her. She couldn't exactly just tell them. If she did then she'd have three extremely pissed brothers, and two very worried sisters-in-law. She shook her head. "It's just. . ." She racked her brain for a valid lie. When she found one, she changed her facial expression to fit it, "The arena. The blood. Dead bodies. It's all too much, knowing that twenty three other kids lost their lives while I'm still living. And it doesn't help the fact that I had my fair share - well unfair share of kills. Then to top it all off, I had to stand in front of their parents and say some speech that supposedly showed my sorrow, but then was expected to go around and act like I liked killing them. . . Like I was some bloodthirsty killer who'd kill anyone just