A/N: Okay, real quick, Seth is a year younger than Bella in this fic, everyone else should be the same age as the books. Seth is a bit darker in this story than what you normally see. He's sweet and happy in wolf form and in what he says most of the time. His thoughts in wolf form when he's alone and his human thoughts will progressively get darker throughout the fiction. That is, if you want me to continue. R and R! Family Affair The first time I saw Bella Swan, I thought she was perfect. Her skin was the palest, creamiest I'd ever seen on a human before. Her eyes were like molten pools of chocolate I just wanted to drown in. Then there was her scent – God, her scent! – I wanted to bathe in it. I wanted to be fully submerged with no reason to come up from it again. But I was sixteen, a new wolf (only two months in the making) and Sam fucking Uley said it wasn't safe for me to be around people yet. I watch from a distance as some blonde fucker paraded around her, completely ignoring some dirty blonde haired chick that was trailing after him as Bella attempted to ignore him. I grinned, convinced she knew she didn't belong with any of those punks. My grin soon turned to a growl when fifteen year old Jacob Black made her flutter her lashes at him, and then they went off on their own. Fuck no! I didn't care if it was an alpha command or not, any sign of a kiss and I would kick baby chief's ass. She was mine – imprint or not (which it wasn't), I knew she was only mine. I gritted my teeth as Jake moved to lean in closer to her, attempting a kiss. I held myself back only because the blond prick from earlier was headed their way. I was relieved and tortured in the same breathe, my Bella had to go. I'd see her again, I vowed it. That night I heard Billy Black talking to Sam about one of the sparkly assed Cullen's paying too much attention to my girl, he wanted the wolves to do a lap around Chief Swan's house to make sure she was safe. Sam was adamant that with only four wolves it would stretch us too thin. "I'll do it," I volunteered, causing both men to look my way. "Look, Sam, you and Lee need more time together planning the wedding, and I don't mind the extra run. It's just one lap." I shrugged it off, but my alpha beamed at the thought of more alone time with my sister. "That good enough for you, Billy," Sam asked, to which the tribal head nodded before wheeling his decrepit ass back to Jakey boy and their little red cabin. "Thanks, Seth," my alpha grinned, "Lee Lee and I really appreciate the extra time together. With the wedding less than a year away, your mom's been everywhere we are lately." I laughed. "There's a medical conference in San Francisco this week. Mom leaves tonight after dinner, and won't be back until next Friday morning. Maybe you could take my sis to your place," I joked lightly. "You know, so I don't have to walk-in on my sister sucking face for a week." Sam laughed with me. "Sure man, that doesn't sound too hard." He cleared his throat, his eyes falling towards the ground. "You know, Emily's coming up next weekend." "Yeah?" Again he nodded. "I'm a lucky son of a bitch, Seth. First I get your sister, then I find my imprint and she understands enough to only want to be friends. Hell, she even started dating back home. Of course I told her I'd have to meet the guy if it gets too serious." His voice had turned steely towards the end. "Poor, Em. I doubt anyone would pass your test." I laughed again, pushing back any thoughts of Bella Swan. "I'd love to stay and BS with you, but I got patrols to get to." "I thought Jared was tonight?" "He was, but he found his imprint this morning while we were running errands for his mom. I agreed to take his shift so he can stay close to her," I explained, shrugging the whole thing off. To be honest, it was a pain in the ass, but with recent developments (i.e. seeing Bella Swan) it was working to my favor. This way I could sort this whole mess out without anyone accusing me of moping or being inside my head. "That means you'll have a double shift," my alpha protested. "I should –" "No," I cut him off. "Look, Paul's already coming off of a double, Jared just found his imprint, and you and Lee need some serious couple time. I'm getting tired of feeling your blue balls every time you're in my head," I grinned. Sam laughed too, and reluctantly agreed to let me patrol both mine and Jared's shifts solo. I ran as fast as I could, loving the feel of the wind in my sandy fur. Paul had been pissy when I showed up late for Jared's shift. I brushed it off, after all Paul is always pissy about one thing or another. I'm starting to think the sexcapades he's always got running in his brain are really just fantasies. I mean, if I walked around with a constant boner I'd be pissy too. I huffed to myself, noticing by the moon's position that it was almost the end of Jared's shift – which signaled the beginning of mine. There's no law that said I couldn't run past the Swan house twice. The thought had barely been formed when my feet began moving in the direction of Forks. Bella… Thoughts of her were consuming my mind again. Her eyes, her skin, her scent… God, if she naturally smelled that good, what would her aroused smell like? No, thinking like that would do no good. It's hard to patrol with a hard on. I forced my mind to go blank, taking in a deep breath when her scent washed over me. I would have smiled, lost in my own personal heaven, but there was a scent mixed with hers that had my wolf growling inside me – the burning, overly sweet scent of leech. God damn Cullen was with her! Jumped right through her window like some kinda creeper too. Fuck, I wanted to rip his head off. Too bad we had a treaty with them. I listened intently as he told her he liked watching her sleep. Really? 'Cause that's not weird or anything. I don't know, I might like watching Bella sleep too, but I wouldn't break into her room to do it. As much as I hated to leave her alone with the undead disco ball, he didn't sound like he was a threat and (as much as I loathed it) she sounded like she wanted him there. I closed my eyes and forced myself back towards La Push to do my rounds. Thoughts of Bella still consumed me for my patrol, but now they were about her and her leech. Was she dating him? What the fuck did she see in him? I'd be so much better for her. Was I the wrong kind of monster or something for her? Why would any woman want icy and frigid when she could have warm and wanton? I stopped mid-run. That was it! Bella hadn't met me yet. She didn't know she could do better than sparkles. I grinned in my wolf form, doing another lap by the sheriff's residence. The parasite was gone, much to my relief, and all I could hear was the beating of Bella's heart. I wanted to hear that sound forever. I wanted to sleep here where I could smell her, protect her, and never have to leave. 'Sweet dreams, Bella.' I slept in late the next day, seeing as I'd been on patrol from four in the afternoon until eight the next morning. I'd never been so fucking glad for a Sunday in all my life. The next day was Monday, which meant back to school. I was going to make it a point to stop by Charlie's before dinner. The man had been dating my mom for the past year – starting six months after my dad (one of Charlie's best friend's) died. The sheriff always came around helping my mom out and trying to do fatherly things with me, even gave me the man's version of 'the birds and the bees' talk. Of course I couldn't tell him that my dad died of a heart attack because I turned into a giant ass wolf in front of him. It was my first phase, and I was a little glad it happened. I mean, not my dad dying part, but because Leah had been there too, Sam was finally allowed to reveal his big secret to her. It made all their problems disappear almost overnight. I sighed to myself, trying to think of a good reason for stopping by. I couldn't just show up to see Bella, that would be too weird for her – after all, we hadn't actually met yet. Had mom met her? I'd ask, maybe we could invite her and Charlie down for dinner one night next week if she hadn't. Then she could meet me, Leah and Sam – maybe even Emily. The girl didn't seem like she had many girlfriends or friends in general for that matter. That's when an epiphany hit me – I'm talking hit by a lightning bolt brilliant fucking idea. What if Bella did have friends, lots of them – here at La Push! Sparkles couldn't come here, and if he tried to stop her he'd look like a control freak. Did she like control freaks? 'Cause if she did, I'd totally dominate that bitch. Bad, Seth! I had to stop thinking like that. First things first, I had to meet her and get her to like me. Nice and slow, Sethy, nice and slow. Mondays were always slow, but today drug on more than normal. I'd spent yesterday perfecting the plan I was about to put into motion this afternoon. As soon as the bell rang, I hopped into my dad's old van and drove to the Swan's house. Charlie wouldn't be home for a while, so it would be just me and Bella – and her fucking leech! I held back a growl when I not only caught his scent, but saw his shiny assed Volvo in the sheriff's curser's parking space. At least he wasn't staying long. I took a deep breath, knowing if I was going to get on Bella's good side, I couldn't go all hot headed wolf in front of her potential boyfriend – even if he was an undead creeper. Hopping out of the van and jogging up to the front door, I knocked lightly and waited. She opened it, a confused look on her face – it was adorable. "Hey," I said, smiling softly and offering my hand, "I'm Seth Clearwater. Charlie called a few days ago, said there might be a problem with the truck." She blushed a light shade of pink, took my hand in a quick shake, and let me in. "Um," she said, clearing her throat nervously, "Charlie's not here now." Her eyes darted towards the kitchen repeatedly. So that's where the parasite was, huh? "That's cool," I replied casually, "just hand me the keys and I'll check it out." "Really you don't-" "Bella, right?" I cut off what was sure to be her attempt to get rid of me. She nodded, her eyes widening that I'd known her name. "Bella," I said again, loving the way it felt on my lips, "your dad's been seeing my mom for almost a