Homecoming Chapter One Isabella Marie Swan had never been considered popular or even pretty; she was simply average in every way. Standing at 5'7, weighting just over 120 pounds, with brown eyes and straight brown hair, the only thing about her that actually stood out was her pale complexion in a sea of bronze and tanned skin that was her school life in Phoenix, Arizona. She was referred to as the 'albino' behind her back, and did her best to not let anyone know how their loud whispers wounded her sensitive heart. That had meant becoming a loner, and spending most of her free time in between classes buried in one book or another in the library. After school, Isabella (since she'd turned 8) would always hurry home and start dinner or clean up around the house before her mother (and later on in life, her step father) would come home. After dinner, she'd wash dishes, take a shower and then complete any school work she hadn't finish during school. Her life was predictable and perhaps a little boring, but Isabella liked knowing what to expect – especially being raised by a free spirit like her mother. Yes, she thought, remembering the countless phases her mother had gone through over the years, a little predictability was very much appreciated. She remembered when she had turned seventeen, and her mother had desperately wanted to follow her step father, Phil, around the country for his work (he was a minor league baseball player), Isabella had offered to release all of her precious predictability and be home schooled to make her new family happy. The only other options were either being emancipated and becoming a legal adult to live on in Arizona alone (which Renee was dead set against) or Isabella moving in with her estranged father in Forks, Washington (which she was dead set against). Don't misunderstand, she loved her father very much (even if she did refer to him mostly by his first name), she'd just never been very close to him. This was probably due in part by Charlie's inability to express anything emotional. Isabella had actually been able to finish her secondary education in a school in Jacksonville, Florida, and when Charlie had come to hug her after the graduation ceremony, his great emotional display of pride had been a light shoulder squeeze and a soft "you did good, Bells". Isabella had inwardly cringed at the nickname. Charlie was the only one that called her that anymore… After high school, she'd started attending classes at a local junior college in Jacksonville while still living with her mother and Phil, until that awful day… The day (or night, really) she'd come home to find Renee and Phil literally ripped to pieces, front door busted open and blood everywhere. Animal attack the police said, but what kind of animal could or would do all that? Afterwards, Isabella (desperate to be closer to her only living family member) transferred to the university in Seattle, Washington and started visiting her father at least once a month, and called him every Sunday at 6 in the evening (just after the news and hopefully in between any sports he might be watching). The dorm she'd moved into included only one roommate, who seemed to be everything Isabella was not. She was native, Quileute to be precise, making her skin russet and exotic. Her eyes were so dark, they were nearly black, and her raven hair fell down in flawless silky strains. Isabella envied Rachel Black greatly, yet the girl was so outgoing, so energetic, she couldn't hate the girl or even be mad at her. In the nearly two years the girls had known each other, they'd become the best of friends, despite being polar opposites. For instance, Isabella had lucked out and gotten a part-time job at a local coffee house, while Rachel had chosen employment at a strip club. Isabella wanted to become a teacher, move closer to her father, and perhaps even start her own family someday. Rachel liked life in the fast lane. She was currently taking classes in photography and wanted to go anywhere and everywhere, as long as the road didn't lead back to La Push Reservation. La Push Reservation, now that was a surprise the first time Isabella heard it. She instantly felt a tugging in the back of her mind from a forgotten memory, and soon figured out she and Rachel had met before. In fact their fathers were nearly inseparable. "When you go back to Forks, will you check on dad for me," Rachel would often ask her when talk about their futures would arise. She'd once told her friend her secret fear that if she ever set foot on native soil again, the council may ban her from ever leaving again. "It hurts too much to call him," Rachel had cried out once, when she was really drunk. "I can hear the betrayal in his voice, Is. He thinks I've abandoned him and Jake. Like it was easy for me or something. But, damn it, I wasn't made to be a nursemaid my whole life! I want to live. Why should I feel guilty for wanting to live, Is?" Isabella was glad days like that were few and far in between, though she'd patiently soothed her friend and hold her hair back when she'd get sick, and even help her to bed. Rachel, about a year into their friendship, had told her she was like a sister to her. "Better than a sister," she muttered bitterly. "I have a sister, a twin, and she's a bitch from hell. You're the sister I've always wanted. You know, if I could pick one anyway." Isabella took those words to heart, and promised – if she ever made it back to Forks – to check in on Billy Black often. The day had come at last, it seemed. She'd graduated college at the top of her class for instruction in primary education, and had almost immediately (a mere two weeks later) gotten a temporarily job in Port Angeles. (It was only for one year, as the usual second grade teacher was in the middle of a rather difficult pregnancy.) Rachel, not yet being able to find her dream job, settled for a photographer position in one of the mall stores and moved into Isabella's new duplex with her (Bella took the ground floor, and Rachel lived on the second). Charlie had been pleasantly surprised the first time he'd visited her (Isabella was too, considering she'd always had to go visit him in the past). The area was nice, though all of Port Angeles was considered a low crime area, and he off handedly mention Billy might like to stop by sometime (once he saw Rachel Black was her roommate). "I knew you talked about her, Bells, but I just couldn't believe it was our Rach you were really talking about." Isabella had ducked her head and nibbled her lower lip, certain the patriarch of the Black family would be furious with her. "He could come if he wanted," she answered softly. "Rachel would like that, she misses him a lot." Charlie had frowned, blood rushing to his face, turning it red in his anger. "Then why doesn't she see him if she misses him so damn much?" "Sometimes when you can't see someone you love, it hurts too much to talk to them, Ch- dad. Rachel is scared if she steps foot on Quileute land, the council won't let her leave again," she replied, turning her back on him so he couldn't see in her eyes how closely Billy and Rachel's relationship had once mirrored their own. "She loves her father deeply. I've seen her fall apart at the thought of how much she's hurting him. At the same time, can't you understand that there is so much in life she wants to do before she settles down in one place? Can't he understand that?" "Bells-" "No," she argued forcefully, her love for her friend giving her the courage to stand up to her father and his judgments. "Rachel loves her family, and someday she wants to be with them again. But right now… Right now, she's a twenty-four year old woman who feels she has to live her whole life in the little bit of time she's given before someone drags her back to a place she's spent her whole childhood and teenaged existence desperately dreaming of leaving behind. She's wants to know when she's old and grey that she'll have something worthwhile to remember. Is that such a bad thing?" "I don't think," Charlie started, the hardness in his eyes and his challenging tone causing Isabella's own ire to rise. "Then don't think, dad," she snapped out, stunning her father into silence. "This matter is between Rachel and her family, okay? I don't want to fight with you, please," she sighed, closing her eyes and taking in a deep breath. "Billy is welcome here any time; just don't expect Rach to go to La Push, alright?" He had nodded his head, gave her a weak hug goodbye, and had left. That had been two weeks ago, and tonight (a Friday, thankfully) Charlie was bring Billy with him to her duplex for a visit. Isabella had stopped by the grocery store on her way home to pick up a couple of cases of Rainer beer (Charlie's favorite) to go with the pot roast she'd put in the crockpot that morning. She parked her car (a 2005 Ford Taurus in platinum) on the curb (Rachel's truck was in the garage, as they'd both thought it better if Charlie parked in the driveway – in front of the garage door – so he wouldn't have to maneuver Billy's wheelchair over the curb's concrete bump). Taking out her black leather briefcase, which contained her student's school papers and her clutch bag, Isabella slipped its straps over her shoulder and grabbed one six pack of Rainer with each hand, closing her car door with her hip, and headed towards the front door. "Need some help," a velvety voice called from behind her, causing her to start with fright and drop the cases of beer in her hands. The pale, bronze hair boy behind her somehow managed to catch both six packs without a single bottle breaking. "Big night," he asked, his butterscotch eyes gazing into hers impishly with a crooked smile on his thin lips. Isabella shook her head no. "Not exactly," she smiled back tentatively. "My father and my roommate's father are coming to visit. Hints the beer," she nodded her head towards the cases still safely in his hands. "Personally, I can't stand the smell of it, let alone drink the stuff, but our dads love it." He laughed a hauntingly beautiful sound that sent unnatural chills down her spine. "Well, thanks, um…" she bit her bottom lip as she tried to recall if she'd ever met him before. "Edward," he offered softly. "Edward Cullen. I live next door if you ever need anything…" "Isabella Swan," she replied unthinkingly, turning to unlock her front door before turning back to take the cases of beer from Edward's hands. He shook his head and offered – or rather insisted – he carry the cases in for her. So, through the living room and into the kitchen she walked with Edward Cullen right behind her. She quickly took the Rainer and put them in the refrigerator to chill, then went over to the crockpot and turned it down to the 'warm' function so the food wouldn't overcook waiting on Charlie and Billy to arrive. "Isabella," Edward called to her, his unusual eyes seeming to take in everything in her kitchen and living room all at once. "It's Bella," she corrected. "Most people call me 'Bella'." He nodded, the edges of his lips twitching upwards. "Bella, then. I've been meaning to introduce myself