A Change Never Forgotten By: Rawr Olivia Grace Summary: Bella has always loved Edward and probably always will, but he doesn't even notice her! Or well, really he has no idea that she exists! So, Alice and a few of her friends help her and maybe just maybe he will finally notice her! Disclaimer: Do not own... At all! Date: Tuesday September 4, 2012 A/N: Yay! A new twilight story! Yes the other three are on hold for a while... Writer's block... But yeah... If you have read my two Degrassi stories and my one Harry Potter story, you will know what the random numbers are. Now if you haven't, than you will figure it out at the end of the chapter! Yay! Also, the Character's clothing will be on my profile once the chapter is posted. Twitter: RawrOliviaGrace Chapter 1: The Start of it All Going to school was weird for me. No one knows me here... I'm invisible to these people and they don't give a shit about me or anyone else from the lower cliques! Walking to class was awkward. I don't understand why people dress up for school! What I wear is very simple; dark flare jeans, a black shirt with a moon on it, and black converses. I had my brown backpack on my right shoulder, black finger nail polish on and my iPhone 4S was between my chest and my notebook. The case for my iPhone was actually pretty awesome! Remember the case that Shawn Spencer from Psych had? Well, I have the same case; green and all plus the psych name on back. (1) I pull myself from my little fan girl moment and walk into my first period. The one good thing about this damn school was that I could be apart of the school's news broadcasting! I wished I was actually a reporter on the news, but I just write what Embry and Maggie (sometimes Alec and/or Jane) say. It wasn't the best job, but I was pretty happy with it. Once I was in the class room, my bag with all the others, I walked over to my best friend in this whole world, Jacob Black. "Hey, Black!" I say as I sit by him on the floor. "What's up Swan?" He asked me as our other friends, Seth, Embry, and Ben, walked over to us. "Hey guys!" Jake called out to the others, who all said a greeting to both of us. "So, Bells... What have you been up to?" I looked at my best friends before saying, "You know, school work and taking care of my dad." My mom had ended up getting remarried the summer before my eighth grade year, and then ended up pregnant during that year. I loved Phil and baby Sophie (2) , but my mom knew that with a new baby and me wishing to end up with that top spot; I wanted the number one spot in my class. So, my mom and dad talked and I ended up moving to Forks, to live with my dad for the past three years. Now that I'm a senior in high school, I can see how I moving here was the best decision for my future. I hated how I didn't get to see my baby sister grow-up, but my mom has sent me pictures of her and I've been there for her birthday parties and we have Skype every weekend! Seth turned to look at the stage before turning back towards me. "When is Sophie's birthday again?" I looked at him before laughing. "Um... Her birthday is May 25, and this year my mom and step-dad are coming here instead... Since graduation is close to her birthday, my mom and Phil are staying here. I really can't wait! For a two weeks my mom, Phil, and Sophie will be here! I'm so excited!" I say as Mrs. Goff walked into the class room. "Um, class is about to start, so, everyone off to your stations!" And with that the group split up and we went to work. I stood in the background watching Embry and Maggie on the screen speaking about the new and upcoming clubs. It wasn't long before Stefan moved the camera on to Jake and Emily, our sports go-to guy and girl. They were talking about how in three weeks, we had our first football game along with our first pep rally. After they finished speaking, Santiago, moved the second camera back on to Embry and Maggie to finish the news. Once we finished recording the news, Seth walked over towards me. Every day, after we had finished recording and editing the film, Mrs. Goff post the finished product on to the school's home page and we all end up watching it at the beginning of fourth period. "Bella, I don't understand why you didn't try out for the reporter role. You would have amazed everyone on the show!" He told me as we picked up our backpacks, before waiting for our friends to grab theirs. "Seth, I've told you that I'm better off writing the scripts. You know that at different times I could end up with stage fright. Sure, it sucks but I can handle it... Remember I want to become a writer, more than anything." I answer as Embry and Jake walked towards us with their backpacks on their backs. "Hey, where are Claire and Angela today?" Once the bell rung for the next class, me and my boys walked out and started towards second period. Embry smiled before telling me, well all of us, "Claire had a doctor's appointment and Ben told me that Angela had a meeting with the Principal during first..." After he said that, the walked towards our next class has silent for a while. "Oh! Guys, guess what? I heard that Jane, our back up reporter, is probably leaving for the radio broadcasting class!" "Wait, who will be taking her spot?" I asked him as we walked up to my locker. Embry leaned on the locker next to mine and answered, "I'm not sure... I think Mrs. Goff will be doing another audition." The rest of us nodded our heads yes to that idea and then left after I shut my locker. We walk a few more feet before Embry and Seth turned left for their classes and Jake and I turned right for our Calculus class. Once we were in class, Jake made his way to the back of the room and I followed him. We had just sat down when Renesmee Cullen and her boyfriend, Nahuel Gonzalez, walked in. They walked towards the back and sat on Jacob's right side, since I was on his left. It didn't even take them a minute of sitting before they started making kiss-y faces at each other. Renesmee was seriously a beautiful girl! She could probably pull off anything that she wanted to wear... Like today, she had on ripped skinny jeans, an off-white tank with a pink bow, a cardigan, and some awesome looking TOMS. She always had some type of feather in her hair and always had on all of this infinity jewelry! My guess is that her boyfriend gave her them... They stopped making faces at each other when she leaned down to take her phone out of her backpack... And to my disbelief, her phone case was a pink/purple color with I 3 mustaches . After she checks her phone, Nahuel pulled her back to him and started kissing her. I pulled Jake over to me and whispered, "Why do people date in high school? I think it's stupid! I mean, high school relationships rarely ever work out!" (3) "Bells, will you ever want to go out with someone? I've never heard you once say that you thought a guy was cute or that you liked someone..." He said in a low voice, still whispering. I sigh before looking at my hands. "Jake... Of course I want a boyfriend one day. I do want to get married, it's just that I want to finish school and have a great job that I love before all of that happens..." Jake sighs and turned towards the board as Liam Hood sat on my other side. Class had just ended and I had absolutely no idea what Mr. Varner had just taught us. Everyone else was packing their things up while I was shoving my cell phone and binder into my bag as I walked up to him. "Mr. Varner, can I speak to you?" He nodded his yes, so I went on. "Okay, I didn't understand what the past forty-five minutes were all about." "Bella, thank you for coming up to me; I hope you know that you are one of my smartest students this year, and I don't want you to get behind. So, I want to put you into a study group with some of my other students." Mr. Varner told me as the rest of his students walked out of the classroom. (4) After what he had just told I was fully developed into my brain, I knew that I didn't want a stupid study group. "Mr. Varner that is great and all but I really don't want a study group... I have never once been confused during your class and it was only today assignment!" "Bella, I just don't want you to get behind. I know your grades are important to you and I just don't want you to end up with a grade that will mess up your ^entire^ senior year!" He told me and I thought of a very good proposition. "Mr. Varner, how about this: if I am still confused by Friday, I will gladly be apart of your study group." I give him my proposition. He sighs and says, "Okay... Since Friday is in a few days, I'm okay with it... You're going to have to be completely honest with yourself, okay?" I nodded my head because I knew that I had to. "Now don't forget that I want to see you after class on Friday." I nodded my head again before turning towards the door and leaving the classroom. Once I was out in the hall, I saw Jake leaning against the wall. "Um, Jake? You know you didn't have to wait for me, right?" "Yeah, I know but I really didn't mind... I like walking with you..." He answered as we started walking towards our next class. There was silence for a while before Jake went one way as I walked into my Government classroom. Once I was there, I saw my two best friends that are girls; actually my only two girl friends. "Hey, Claire, Angela." I called out as I sat by them. "Hey, Bella! Let me guess, rough math class?" Claire asked, knowing me like the back of her hand or even Quil, her boyfriend. She dressed in a tank with a multicolored heart, skinny jeans, green converses, her moon-and-star necklace, and her grandmother's ring. Her backpack propped up against her chair and her iPhone with a cute owl on the case was on her desk. I sighed and throw my bag down, getting out my phone before answering, "You could say that again! The one and only day I'm confused in class and tell Mr. Varner, he decides that I need a stupid study group!" My phone ding ed and I saw that it was a message from Jake. "Another thing I don't understand is that Jake was waiting outside the classroom and he just sent a message to ' make sure I got to class okay '... What the hell is up with that?" "Um... Bells, I know you are like oblivious to Jacob's feelings for you but none of us are... We all know that Jacob likes you... So he is probably trying to make you see that." (5) Angela spoke out loud. I looked