Vampire at the Age of Seventeen By: Rawr Olivia Grace Summary: Bella is a rare human...and all because she will turn into a half-vampire on her seventeenth birthday. She will have a year to find her one true love, if she can't, she will turn back into a full human. And if her mate is a vampire, he has to bite her for her to stay as a vampire, he could wait as long as he wanted. My take on Twilight. AU Disclaimer: Do not own... At all! A/N: If any of you readers out there were reading my A Different Side of Me (a Degrassi) story, then I have put it on hold and when I have decided to work on it once again, I will repost it. Anyway... I can't remember how this story formed in my mind but it will loosely be based off the actual book... Also, if you have any questions, I'm starting a Q and A that will be placed at the end of the chapter. Now, won't answer them all on the chapter, I'll take no more than ten for the chapter but if I didn't use them all on the chapter, I'll send a PM to you with my answer. Okay, this chapter has both the preface and first chapter. Preface I never thought of how I would die, especially with me being half immortal, but facing my immediate death, had me realizing that I would not have imagined it like this. Staring at the hunter, in this long room with a thousand mirrors, I knew I was about to die. That all of my almost deaths these past few months meant nothing but dying for someone I loved, to protect him, made me feel like I was dying for a purpose. Dying for someone I loved, made me feel noble... But I knew if I'd had never changed, never gone to Forks, I wouldn't be facing death. But as scared as I was, I would have never regretted my decision, never regretted falling for him, because he is my whole world. When life gives you a dream so far beyond any of your expectations, it's not fair to mourn when the dream comes to an end. The hunter smiled in a sinister way before he lurched towards me to kill me. Chapter One: First Sight When I was a child, maybe around the age of six or seven, my mom and I were on trip near the East coast. I was dancing along the water when this strange lady started walking towards me. I had always been told not to talk to strangers, so I ran towards my mom, who was resting on a beach towel near where I was but the lady kept after me. I was standing behind my mom, who had ended up standing after seeing the terror on my face. "Stop right there! My ex-husband is a cop! He'll know how to find you if you take her!" "I do not want to take her Renée Higginbotham, I just want to warn her." The weird lady said in her mysterious voice. While my mom looked positively spooked, the lady turned her eyes onto me. "By the age of seventeen, you will start to meet some unnatural beings, so here I give you a gift you cannot see. The gift of becoming an immortal will start to slowly take over your body. If you do not meet your true love within a year of your seventeenth birthday, if your eighteenth birthday comes along and he is not found, you will forever stay human!" She pulls out a letter and gives me it. "Young Isabella Swan, no matter what happens to this letter, if you throw it away or not, it will always come back to you. This letter will not and cannot open until your seventeenth birthday, when you start half of your change." The letter felt heavy in my hands and I placed it into my beach bag, when I turned back towards the strange lady was gone and my mom was back to laying down on her beach towel. That memory has always played in my mind as I grew and now on my seventeenth birthday, I finally knew what the lady meant. My body had started to change this morning...my skin was still soft but was very firm and hard to cut - I was thankful for that when I accidentally cut my thumb while making breakfast for my mom and Phil - my hair was fuller and healthier than I remembered it being the night before, and my eyes had a sight red tint to them - just a few specks here and there. But the strangest thing out of all of this was the fact that I now glowed! Not like a sick glow, or a weird or bad strange glow...but more of a healthy, full of life glow... If that made any sense. When I first woke up, I tried to open the strange letter, then I tried when I noticed all of the things different with me, then after breakfast, with my mom and Phil near me. Phil had came in for my birthday and he knew about how I was supposed to change today, we told him when they got married. The letter from the strange lady was glowing at nine o'clock sharp and I figured that meant I could finally opened it. I grabbed the letter and walked into the living room where my mom and Phil sat. "Mom, I believe I can open the letter now." She looked at the clock and nodded. "You actually turned seventeen eight minutes ago." I smiled and sat on the light blue love seat, before opening the letter. " Dear Isabella Marie Swan, daughter of Renée Dwyer and Charlie Swan, step-daughter of Phil Dwyer. As I told you during your trip to the east coast, your body is changing, getting you ready for your final change. You are now half immortal and half mortal, if you want to know what you will be changing into or what you are already half of, I will tell you at the very end of this letter but do not jump a head... Many years ago, most likely before you were born, I had dreams about a brown eye beauty with long brown hair and fair skin with a boy around the same aged, who was completely different then any boy she nor I have ever seen. I saw their life play out from their first meeting to the end of their story... Now, I do not want to give too much away, but I later found out that you were that girl. I wished I could tell you how it all ends but what is the fun in that? Though...you probably want to know who you are, what you are... Bella, you are half vampire and half human... Now, you are probably surprised and are afraid for yourself, that you will hurt your mom or step-dad, but you won't, because you need to eat animal blood and also, you can still walk out in the sun! Trust me on this Bella... I am telling you the truth... You all will find out in given time. Now you probably wan to know what I am. I'm a seer and a witch, but that is all I'm going to say on that subject. Seer and witch, Stephenie Meyer. " I looked at my mom and then my step-dad in shock. "This cannot be happening!" "Bella, don't worry! We will always love you, trust me, and we will tell your dad soon, somehow." My mom said as she swiftly crossed the room to sit beside me on the love seat. I nodded and started to think about my options, without telling her or Phil, who was still in shock. As the day went on, I continued my line of thoughts and looked over at the picture of my dad and me. We took it during the summer when he was here and I sighed realizing what I had to do. I had to move to Forks, where it was dark and wet and had lots of animals for me to eat. No matter what, my mind is set, I was moving to live with Charlie. My mom was driving towards Phoenix's airport with a frown place firmly on her face. I knew that sense I told my mom and Phil around Thanksgiving, that I wanted to move to Forks to get to know Charlie, she has been very depressed. But I kept telling her that I wasn't doing this because of my new change but that I really missed Charlie and I kind of did. Lying was always a bad habit of mine, meaning that I was a horrible liar but I think we all are finally believing it. "Bella, you don't have to do this." My mom said once again. "Mom, I want too. Think about it, I'll have a lot more animals to kill and I was thinking about asking Charlie if I could get a kitten - since I hate the smell of dogs! But I really think this is going to be good for me and Charlie!" I said as I fingered my cream embellished kaftan top and I looked down at my black knee high boots before playing with my four leaf clover necklace. Going to live in Forks actually wouldn't bother me because I run a few degrees higher than I did before my seventeenth birthday. Now, I would miss the warmth and the sun but would appreciate the wet and cold - which I would have probably rolled my eyes at a long time ago. Though, Charlie would probably freak out if I didn't come with a jacket, so I had my new black leather jacket across my lap. When we had pulled up to the airport and were at the security area, I looked at her. "Mom, I love you so much but I know you are missing Phil and I want you to travel with him." "Bella, I love you too, and know you can come home whenever you want. I will fly back on the first flight home." She tells me as we hug each other tightly. After our hug was done, I went through the security before running towards my gate. I had five hours until I landed in Seattle and then another hour in a small plane to Port Angeles and another hour by car to Forks. So, I had a total of seven or so hours until I was unpacking my bags and getting ready for my first day of Forks High School. After six hours, I was walking out of the small airport, pulling on my leather jacket and could see Charlie waiting for me. He was still dressed in his uniform and was standing by his cop car. Now I might be fine with living here somewhat but I did not want to be driven round town in a cop car. Nothing stops traffic like a police car. My dad was the chief of police in Forks where no crime actually happened, so I had to be careful with the amount of animals I kill, especially if there are other vampires like me who feasted on animals around. "Hey dad, I don't have much in baggage..." He nodded and we packed all of my bags into the trunk. We were already on our way towards Forks when he finally brought up the change in me. "Wow, Bells...you sure have changed from the last time I saw you." "Um, yeah...about that..." I say before I start to read the letter from the witch to him. Afterwards I looked over at him and asked, "So?" Charlie sighed and shook his head, "If I didn't know you were mature for your age, I wouldn't have believed