Disclaimer... these characters belong to JKR A.N. This is a part of the same 'verse as my long, Marauders' era fic, 'A Rise and Fall', but you don't need to read that to understand this. But you should go read it anyways. Chronologically, this takes place immediately after 'A Rise and Fall' but before the epilogue, followed by 'That First Christmas' and 'Fireworks and Endings' and finally, 'Thrice Defied'. Again, you don't have to read those to read this. (But do it anyways). And really, I should start writing things in order. It would be easier for all of us. Lily felt very young as she tugged at the front of her dress robes. They were light green, and silvery, and they made her eyes look as pale as winter frost. She brushed mascara on her lashes, and smoothed on a coat of dark red lipstick, blinking at herself in the mirror for a moment. A beam of sun shining through the window fell on her back, the warmth welcome. The seventh year girls' dormitory was empty, and two of the beds and desks were bare and lonely. Anna and Camilla. Anna had fled into the Muggle world on the New Year, not able to stay at Hogwarts after her girlfriend had been killed. Camilla had had to leave for her own safety, after her mother was murdered by Death Eaters. She was in America now, living with her Squib sister and using a different name. She probably even looked different, Lily realized sadly as she directed her hair into a complicated chignon with her wand. Mary and Marlene were still here, and the three of them had become closer than ever, in part because of their other friends' departures. It was hard. There had been many deaths, that year. Camilla's mother, Marlene's cousin, Mary's aunt… and Lily's parents. They hadn't been killed by Death Eaters. They had died ordinary Muggle deaths, in a car crash, of all things. I should have been there , Lily thought, not for the first time. If I had been there… no one would've died if I had been there. "Oi, Lily!" someone called. They sounded far away, and Lily smiled to herself for a moment. "You can come on up!" she called back, turning away from the mirror. Hard lines had started to crisscross her face like a spider's web when she thought about her parents. There was the sound of footsteps on the stairs, and James appeared. His hair was a mess and there were smudgy fingerprints all over his glasses but he was grinning at her wildly. "Freedom!" he said, taking her hands and waltzing her around the dormitory. "Freedom, I say! Lily, we're free! " "We were never imprisoned," she pointed out, laughing at him even as he kissed her exuberantly. He had grass stains on the elbows of his dress robes, and Lily brushed at them half-heartedly. James peered down at the green-brown patches and frowned. "Sirius wanted to play Quidditch," he said resentfully, "and then Peter knocked me off my broom, the prat. And then Remus ran over me trying to get the Quaffle" "It's fine," Lily told him, reaching for her wand and moving it over the grass stains until they faded and disappeared. "So. What are your plans for our first day of freedom?" "Well," James said, "Marlene went all out. She managed to book The Curses – that girl is well connected. And Rosmerta's donating a barrel of oak-matured mead as her graduation present to me. Always befriend the bar owners, Lily." "I'll keep it in mind. Any plans for afterwards…?" James flopped down on her bed, sighing deeply. "I dunno. Sleep, probably. Sleep for a week." "Am I invited to the sleepover?" Lily asked. She shoved him over to make room and lay down next to him, staring at the red drapes above her head. They'd have to leave soon, but she could enjoy this moment for a little while. "Nope. Last time, you stole all the blankets." "Shut up. You have cold feet." "You snore ." "You take that back right now." "I won't." "You'd better." "Lily." "James." "I like you a lot." Lily propped herself up on her elbow to peer down at him. She removed his glasses and started absently polishing the smudges off with a fistful of her dress before replacing them. "I like you too, James. Ready to go and face our destinies?" James offered her a hand and she took it, letting him pull her off the bed. "Let's go," he told her solemnly. They were sitting in the full sunlight and Lily fidgeted uncomfortably in the heat. They'd gotten Wanda Hartford, the Minister for Magic to come talk, and she was standing up at the podium, apparently reading straight from the notes. It was not an inspiring speech. She came to the Hogwarts' graduation every year, (Lily supposed it was easier when there was only one wizarding school in Britain) and it seemed likely that she was just recycling her speech from last year. As Head Boy and Girl, both Lily and James were talking and they were seated in the front row, next to each other. James was paging through his notes and Lily took his hand, squeezing it reassuringly. She looked back over her shoulder, at her classmates that she'd seen almost every day for seven years. There was Mary and Marlene and the boys, of course, and Oliver Sands who had avoided the Marauders ever since they Tranfigured his bed into a lion, and there was Lacy Selwyn and Lark Rivers, and Bliss Bones who had started Hogwarts as a meek, soft girl but had changed into a tall, flinty witch with a hard jaw and impressive spellwork. There was Sev, and Lily caught his eye for just a moment before looking away. That moment of eye-contact felt like swallowing an ice cube. Lily turned her attention back to Wanda Hartford, still holding James's hand. "-young witches and wizards are our future, and the education you've received at Hogwarts has prepared you for-" The witch trailed off, staring behind the cluster of chairs that the students and their family were sitting on. Lily swivelled around in her chair and the ice cube in her stomach multiplied. Hooded figures in cloaks were striding towards the chairs, wands out, and Lily leapt to her feet, pulling James up as well. "Get up!" Lily screamed, yanking her wand out. She could see Dumbledore out of the corner of her eyes, walking towards the figures, wand in his fist. "Lily?" James murmured, his own wand at the ready. "Wait," she said. "Just – wait – we have to see-" Dumbledore reached the group. There were about thirty of them, all in dark robes and masks. It must be sweltering, in this heat. "What are you doing here?" Dumbledore asked coldly. "I'm sure you're aware that Death Eaters have officially been labelled terrorists and traitors to wizard-kind" The Death Eater in the lead flipped back their hood to reveal a woman. Lily had seen her once before, three years ago. She had lost her boyish slimness but now her robes hugged curves and her delicate face had changed until it was strong, with harsh, beautiful lines and a dangerous beauty to it. She looked like a knife, all sharp edges and deadly smiles. At the sight of her face, everyone who was still sitting immediately stood. Lily could hear Sirius inhale sharply, even over the pounding of her own heart. Her nails were cutting into James's hand and she loosened her grip slightly, but he immediately tightened it again. They were both afraid. "Bellatrix Lestrange" Wanda Hartford said, staying back. "As the Minister of Magic, I'm placing you under arrest for multiple uses of the Unforgivable Curses, hate crimes, murder, assault, and membership in the terrorist group known as the Death Eaters." Everyone was frozen. Lily's body was tight and tense and James was leaning into her slightly, his wand still extended. Bellatrix's dark lips curved into a delighted smile and she tipped her head back and laughed . It brushed down Lily's spine, making her shudder. "Arrest?" Bellatrix asked. "And who is going to arrest me, Minister ? All these – Aurors?" She gestured around. There were two Aurors flanking the Minister, but no more. Hogwarts was, had been, safe. The Minister shouldn't have needed more, but as the green curse arced from Bellatrix's wand, they couldn't even shield Wanda Hartford with their bodies, because two other Death Eaters had killed the Aurors at the same time. Chaos descended. The delicate folding chairs were trampled and James used one to blast aside a curse heading for Lily. Lily had plunged straight into the middle of the turmoil. James raced after her, cursing under his breath. Suddenly, Sirius was beside him, gripping the sleeve of his dress robes so they didn't lose each other. "You alright?" James shouted. "Dandy!" Sirius shouted back. "I hate my cousin!" Marlene McKinnon was shielding a small blonde girl with her body, and Sirius pulled her up quickly, handing the girl off to James. "Hi," James said, crouching down in front of her. They were blocked from the spells by the people running and shoving past them, but he knew the cover wouldn't last long. "Hi," Sammie McKinnon replied, keeping her eyes on her sister. Marlene was standing back to back with Sirius, scanning the crowd for their friends and for clear shots at the Death Eaters. "D'you see that tree right there?" James asked, pointing at the Whomping Willow. "There's a knot by the trunk, it's really big – you can see it from here." Sammie squinted at the tree and nodded. "Just push the knot and a tunnel will open up, ok? Get up the tunnel and don't come out until someone comes for you. Careful round the branches." Sammie McKinnon nodded, and it was too late for James to rethink his plan as she took off running. "James, where did you send her!?" Marlene screamed, not able to stop flinging Shield Charms and curses long enough to watch her sister. "Somewhere safe!" James shouted back, yanking Mary MacDonald out of the crowd. She had a cut on one cheekbone and she was clutching Remus's hand. The five of them grouped together, backs on the inside, protecting every side. "Did you see Lily?" James asked Remus, who was on his right. "No!" Remus said. "I saw her run by, but I lost sight of her after Peter ran for the front." "Shit!" James swore, firing a Body-Bond Curse at a still-masked Death Eater. "She'll be ok!" Marlene reassured him, reaching through the circle to grasp his hand quickly. "Lily's tough." James went back to scanning the crowd. It was messy, and confused. The teachers were trying to organize the screaming crowd, from time to time pulling students out of the crowd and snapping orders at them. Most of the parents were defending their younger children and trying to find their elder ones, and the Death Eaters were cutting anyone down that they could. Bodies littered the ground, most of them in brightly coloured dress robes. "No!" Mary shrieked, as a stray curse hit Sirius and he slumped to the ground. James's eyes went fuzzy and he caught Sirius by the arm. He lowered him down carefully, fumbling at his neck for a pulse and feeling a dizzy rush of relief when a thud answered him. Just Stunned, then. The group of them bunched in around him, covering his fallen body as they worked on cutting the Death Eaters out of the crowd. As the people calmed and thinned out, James caught a glimpse of silvery green fabric and had leapt forwards before he quite knew what he was doing. "Lily!" he screamed, and saw a flash of red hair as she turned her head, searching for him. Her dress had an ugly