Disclaimer... I do not own any of these characters. They all belong to the fabulous JKR. Please read and enjoy. Fifth year was OWL year. And OWLs meant a lot of things. Stress, among other things. And looking at career paths. Career paths meant leaving Hogwarts. Lily was in no way ready for that. She took a deep breath to steady herself as she dragged her leather trunk awkwardly along the platform to hoist it onto the Hogwarts Express. Calm down she ordered herself, you're not even on the bloody train. You still have three entire years left. It'll be fine. You'll be fine. Take a breath, Evans. Lily abandoned the heavy leather trunk beside the gleaming crimson train that was puffing smoke as merrily as a chimney at Christmas. She nodded her thanks to the uniformed wizard that hefted it up onto the train. The witch turned to face her parents, and noticed just how blindingly obvious it was that they were Muggles. Her father was in a morning jacket and tie, her red haired mother a flowery dress, and they were looking around with wide eyes. They had seen this sight twice a year for five years, but every time they looked as if they were seeing it for the first time. Perhaps it was because their contact with their daughter's world was so small. They held on to every piece of it they could, because they were like parts of her. Lily smiled, and moved towards them, hugging them tightly, hiding her face in her father's grey wool coat so she could let her face slip into her now-habitual worried frown. Next year she wouldn't let them come. It was too dangerous, with the number of Muggle killings on the rise. They weren't widely publicized, of course, and the Prophet never suggested that they were anything but horrible accidents, but people knew. Of course they knew. In this new world of fear and secrets and violence, where they were hungry for every scrap of news, every piece of concrete information. There was of course, the fact, that police hadn't been able to find anything wrong with the bodies. Not a mark to suggest how they'd died. And then the expressions of pure terror on their faces, almost as if they'd died of fright . So Lily, and probably most of the Muggleborns that read the Muggle papers, and a few wizards and witches that were able to put two and two together, knew. Voldemort was coming. No, that wasn't quite right. Voldemort was here . Lily fixed her smile firmly on her face as she pulled away and kissed her mother gently on the cheek, her father saying something about owls, and remembering to write. Petunia wasn't there, of course. She hadn't come since Lily's first year. When she had spat ' freak ' at Lily, with tears of rage in her eyes. "I better go" she said, detangling herself from their arms regretfully, and smoothing the green knit dress she wore. "Be careful dear. And have a wonderful year" her mother told her fondly, reaching out to tuck a lock of Lily's flaming hair behind her ear. "I will" she promised. With a final wave, Lily clambered aboard the train. Inside, it was noisy and crowded, squeals of delight as friends reunited mixing with the whistle of the train and the voices of parents and family members on the platform. She eased through a cluster of excitable second year Hufflepuffs on her way to the Prefect's carriage, but stopped at the sound of a familiar, relieved voice. "Lily!" The witch turned to see Severus Snape shoving past the Puffs as he moved down the carriage. "Hullo, Sev" she said, fiddling with her badge awkwardly. "Oh" he remembered, eyes falling on the badge, "I forgot, you have to go the Prefect's carriage, don't you?" "I'm sorry" "It's fine, I saw Mulciber a few compartments back" Lily wasn't able to help it, her lips twisted into a frown at the other boy's name. She couldn't exactly fault Severus for having friends within his house, but they were just all so awful . She'd seen them pouring over the Daily Prophet at breakfast last year, sniggering and making snide remarks when they found an article about the murder of a well-known Muggle supporter. "Right. I should go…" she trailed off, her feet already turning away. "Ok" They stood there for another heartbeat, awkwardness hanging between them. Finally, Lily moved, and walked away. She felt slightly nervous as she passed into the Prefect's carriage, all gleaming golden wood and velvet. It wasn't divided into compartments, rather, there was a large table in the centre, stacked with parchment, ink and quills, and the carriage was ringed with cushioned benches. It was already partly full, and she could see a few new Prefects from her year talking to their house mates. She joined the Gryffindor group, and greeted Remus Lupin. Lily didn't mind Remus. He was hard-working and quiet, and much nicer than his mates. Lily could feel a scowl start to grow on her face at the thought of that absolute git , James Potter. "Oh congratulations, Kalia!" Lily told the new head girl as she spotted the shiny badge on the front of her robes. The girl was an extremely pretty Hufflepuff, who smiled at Lily and tucked her long, glossy black braids behind her ears. "Thanks" Kalia said, sounding nervous. "We all knew you'd get it" her friend Benjy assured her. Prefects trickled in steadily in clumps, chatting to friends about their summer holidays. Lily caught a few fearful remarks about Voldemort. "Alright!" Kalia finally said loudly, gesturing for them all to sit down. The head boy, Caradoc Dearborn took a seat at the foot of the table, smiling at the new Prefects welcomingly. The train ride passed in a flurry of new schedules, patrol times, and overviews of point docking systems. As the sun dropped, the lanterns lit magically, and Lily glanced out the window. A spiral of black was unfurling, keeping pace with the train. It seemed strangely malevolent and Lily could feel her mouth go dry. She was about to point it out to Remus when there was a squeal of brakes and the train rocked, knocking the lights out with a bang. Several people screamed, and Lily could see both Kalia and Caradoc jump to their feet and reach for their wands in the dim light. Lily's heart was pounding wildly as she reached for her own, whispering ' lumos ' A dim white light ignited, illuminating the frightened faces of the Prefects. One by one, more wands lit, until the carriage was full of soft white light and raised wands. Lily tensed again as there was the sound of shattering glass. "Get into pairs" Caradoc ordered in a low harsh whisper, "we have to make sure the students are ok" A hand grabbed Lily's and she looked up to see Remus Lupin looking at her seriously. She felt a surge of gratitude for the boy beside her. There was a sort of nameless fear that had settled deep in her stomach, born when she first saw that streak of black. She wasn't quite sure what it was she was afraid of. Death Eaters? Voldemort himself? It seemed unlikely that they would board the Hogwarts Express, unless- A wild thud in her chest, and she pulled Remus closer. "The Muggleborns" she whispered. And then it was fear for herself, and fear for those that didn't have magical parents and just plain and simple, thick choking fear. Lily spoke up, fighting against the lump in her throat. "What if they're after the Muggleborns?" There was a rumble of angry voices in the carriage, and Lily was touched to see that even the Slytherin Prefects looked horrified. "Change of plans" Kalia said briskly, holding her wand aloft, "get into groups of four. If any students are injured, bring them here. If there are people aboard, don't try to fight. Just run. Everyone knows Stunning Spells and defensive jinxes? Ok. Good. Be careful, people" Two Ravenclaw Prefects that Lily didn't recognize joined her and Remus. They looked fearful, and Lily hoped her own face didn't look so terrified. The train rocked again and she heard the bang of a spell and a scream. "Come on" The exited the carriage slowly, following the bobbing wand lights of the group in front of them. Lily heard a wild, careless, keening sort of laugh that made the hairs on the back of her neck rise. She was suddenly thankful for the warmth of the people beside her and she took a deep steadying breath, laying a hand on the smooth wooden wall of the corridor to steady herself. The Ravenclaw girl beside her shot Lily a fearful smile. There was the crashing shatter of glass and another high pitched scream. Their group started to run, making it to another carriage where Lily could see the flashing lights of spells, and moving bodies trying to make it out. Her heart was in her mouth, and the air felt too hot. She heard Remus shout, " Sirius! " and felt him scramble away, dodging a Stunner and something more dangerous. A dark cloaked figure lunged out of the gloom and Lily raised her wand, the Ravenclaws beside her mirroring her action. " Impedimenta!" she cried, and the person fell back Lily could see students running towards her, and started shepherding them back the way she'd come. "Go to the Prefect's carriage" she told them, and hastily removed her badge with shaking fingers, "this'll let you in" The group of students scurried away and Lily moved towards the fighting. "MUDBLOODS!" she heard someone shriek, and her stomach contracted at the hate in the voice, and at the word itself. Funny, how even after dodging curses and hexes, a word still had the power to make her hands go clammy and her heart thump with rage. "MUDBLOODS DEFILING OUR WORLD, STEALING OUR MAGIC, RUINING OUR CHILDREN. MUDBLOODS AT HOGWARTS! YOU WILL ALL PERISH WHEN THE DARK LORD RISES" Lily could see the screamer, a slim young woman with long glossy black hair and a pale, strangely delicate face, brandishing her wand like a knife and cackling as a student that Lily knew to be muggleborn fell before her slashing wand. A boy ducked under the curse she sent at him, and hit her squarely with a Stinging Hex, laughing as he did so. "Nice one, Sirius!" she heard, and Lily recognized James Potter's voice as she sent a Stunner at the woman, who dodged it. "Sirius?" the dark haired woman whispered, lowering her wand, and her companions did likewise, "Sirius Black, my cousin? You shame us, boy. You shame our family. I won't kill you, today. You won't be so lucky if I see you again" As Lily stared in shock, she and her companions twisted on the spot, and disappeared. Her entire body felt frozen, but the attackers' disappearance let her move, and she hurried down the train corridor, checking that none of the students were injured. There were a few cuts from the broken glass, and some mild hexes that would wear off soon enough, but nothing too serious that she could see. "Evans!" Lily heard, as she was fixing the glass in the windows, the Ravenclaws turning the lights back on. James Potter stood in front of her, smiling breezily as he stuck his wand back in his pocket. "Nice way to start the year, don't you think? A visit from the friendly neighbourhood Death Eaters?" "We're lucky no one was hurt" The levity was wiped from James's face, and he looked at her sadly. "A student was taken" he told her. " What ?" "When the fighting first started, one of them grabbed some second year Ravenclaw and Disapparated" "Oh Merlin, we have to let the school know. Do you know