A/N: So this idea has been stuck inside my head for a LONG time now, and it needs out . So I'm making this! Hope you enjoy, and please review so I know if I should continue or not. Constructive criticism IS welcome, but please don't bash my story. :) BTW; this is a DRAMIONE fanfiction. If you don't like it, don't read it. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or anything remotely similar to Harry Potter. :( :(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:) Hermione's POV: "Pffffffhuh," I exaggerated angrily, watching as the curl that ever so stubbornly refused to stay in my ponytail fell into my face again. Ron chuckled at me, and I joined in on his laughter after turning a bit pink. I put my book aside for a second to get a better view of his smiling face. He reached a hand up, as if he were to push the curl behind my ear, but stopped halfway and chose to scratch his neck instead, looking at anything but me. My smile died, and out of the corner of my eye I saw Harry raising an eyebrow at me. I shook my head slowly, lips forming a tight smile. It's been like this ever since the war, and more importantly, me and Ron's first kiss. The three of us still hang out as friends, and then there'll be times that I think I had a moment with Ronald, but then he'll completely ruin it and we'll be back to square one. It's really frustrating. Why doesn't he just ask me out? I know we have chemistry together. As in the words of Ginny Weasley, "He just needs to buck up and admit his feelings for you, my bushy-haired buddy." But enough of my relationship problems; it's not like they can get any worse. There are more important things to worry about. Like career choices. Ron and Harry are jumping straight into the Auror department, whereas I am going back to school to finish my last year at Hogwarts. The fame of being one of the 'Golden Trio' can only get you so far in life, and I want a full education to fall back on when job applications start popping up. "Mione! Mione! Mione!" Ginny said enthusiastically, seemingly popping up out of nowhere and completely destroying the peace that had surrounded Harry, Ron and I. "Ginny! Ginny! Ginny!" I countered, letting out a giggle when she rolled her eyes. The youngest Weasley walked over to us, sprawled on assorted pillows that decorated the floor, and in an instant Harry's arm had brought her down beside him. Ron's nose made the tiniest of scrunches. "Guess. What," she said dramatically. "What?" I asked, laying my book down neatly to prop my head up with my hands. When Ginevra Weasley wants your attention, it's best to drop what you're doing and comply. In her opinion it can wait. "We're going shopping tomorrow- just the two of us, and I'm going to help pick you out a whole new wardrobe," she said this like it was the greatest idea to ever sprout in her mind. I groaned and rolled over from my on my stomach to on my back. I kicked my legs in the air and covered my face with my hands. "No!" I moaned, sounding very much like a two year old throwing a tantrum. "I don't want to!" "You drama-queen," Harry said, hitting me lightly with a pillow. "Oh, like you're any better, Mr. Chosen One!" I said playfully. He opened his mouth to retort, but I turned to Ginny before he had the chance. "And what in the world has possessed you to take me shopping?" "Oh please, Mione. You've been in need of fashionable clothes since I met you. Trust me. You'll thank me in the end," she said knowingly. After nodding to herself, she added as an afterthought, "And besides, you said you needed some new school supplies, and so do I." I let out a long breath. "Fine. But I'm not going to buy anything I'm not going to wear." "Then I'll just have to make sure you wear the fan-tab-u-lous clothes I get you," Ginny suggested with a wink. Oh joy. :(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:) "How about this?" Ginny asked wearily, holding up a particularly short pair of baby blue satin dress robes. I scrunched my nose up. "No thank you," I replied instantly. "Aw, come on Mione! At least try something on," she whined. I paused for a moment. "Be prepared to throw away your eyeballs," I huffed lamely after seeing no way out of this without pleasing her at least a little bit. She squealed and handed me the robes, and I snatched them out of her grasp, stomping away to a dressing room. "Are you done yet?" Ginny asked not thirty seconds after I shut the door. The sad part was that I didn't know if she was kidding or not. Women's clothing is very confusing. I couldn't differentiate the top from the bottom, and once I finally had the thing on I noticed the tag was on the wrong side, so I had to switch it around. Once I had it on I stood there staring at myself for thirty seconds, contemplating whether or not I should come out. This dress very clearly broke my 'to the fingertips or more' rule by a longshot. I stuck my head out of the changing room and in an instant Ginny had pulled me in front of a gallery of mirrors. She was ohhh-ing and aww-ing at how 'perfectly it complimented my skin tone.' I fidgeted inside of the robes. "I don't know, Ginny. It's awfully showy," I complained. "No it's not! The neckline shows no skin at all, and it's a long sleeve. The only skin showing is the skin on your hands, neck, face and gorgeous legs." She slapped the back of my thigh for emphasis. I jumped, eyes growing wide as my face reddened. "Ginny! Don't do that!" I scolded. She rolled her eyes. "You need to be more appreciative to your body. You can't hide yourself away in rags forever!" she said loudly, and I had to beat away the urge to slap my hand over her mouth, the only reason being I knew she would lick me. "Sometimes you can be really loud," I commented, staring into my own eyes inside the mirror. "Sometimes you can be really self-conscious ," she threw back at me. I turned so I could look into her eyes. "But seriously Gin, where am I going to wear this if I buy it?" I asked tiredly. She really looked like she liked how I looked in it. And Ginny doesn't lie to her friends, even in her facial expressions. She put a finger to her chin and tapped slowly. Then she started clapping abruptly, making me jump. "What about that banquet the Ministry is holding a couple weeks before Hogwarts is back in session to say 'thanks' to the war veterans and raise money for the overall damage?" Ginny asked excitedly. I opened my mouth, but she continued anyway. "And don't even think about saying that you're not going, young lady, because I'm making you." I rolled my eyes. "Alright, I'll buy it for the banquet. You're such a bother. I don't know how Harry can put up with you." I watched as a sly smile crept onto her face. Uh-oh. This is never good. "I make up for it in other ways...if you know what I mean," she said with a huge smile, wagging her eyebrows like a maniac. My eyebrows, on the other hand, shot up to my hairline. "Ginevra Weasley! What if Ron heard you say that?" "I would laugh." It took one look from her - for once - straight face, and I burst out laughing myself. Ginny quickly joined me, and soon enough we were clutching each other for support. Madam Malkin's head appeared over the top of a clothing rack and glared at us. I shook Ginny off. "We should probably get going," I said, walking to the dressing room. "Probably," she agreed. After we paid (me for the dress, three shirts and a really comfy pair of pants, Ginny for a pile of clothes that made her disappear when she picked it up) we decided to browse the rest of Diagon Alley. My body immediately gravitated towards Flourish & Blotts, but Ginny pulled me roughly in the other direction, exclaiming, "Ooh! Madam Primpernelle's having a sale!" So that was how I ended up pretending to browse make-up after I lost Ginny in the lip gloss section in Madam Primpernelle's Beautifying Potions. I should really get a leash for that girl. "Is everything going OK?" asked a young witch with way too much product on, smacking her gum annoyingly. "Yes, everything's-" Smack. "Just-" Smack. "Fine," I finished, flinching slightly when her gum seemed to become the loudest thing in the room. "Are you sure?" Smack, smack, smack. Ugh! "No, actually-" Smack. "I want five hundred of these-" I grabbed something random from the self and thrust it into her hands. Smack. Smack. "Can you check if it's in stock?" She stared at me, every two seconds followed by a smack . "Ok." Smack. Smack. Then she left. I waited to make sure she was really gone before making a beeline for the exit, but it was slightly difficult, seeing as Madam Primpernelle's shop was packed to breaking point with witches of all ages trying to get in on her sale. Once I made it out of the shop I slumped against the wall and took large breaths with my eyes closed. I heard chuckling coming from beside me. My head tilted to the sound, and my eyes peaked open slowly, hoping my suspicions were wrong, but no; before me lay Draco Malfoy. Technically speaking he was sitting on a bench, but whatever. "What?" I asked more tiredly than menacing. My lips formed a frown. I can't seem weak in front of him. That would give him satisfaction . Yuck. "You'd think that you would have the smarts to wait outside for Weasley, like I am for Pansy," he said with a smirk. "It's not my fault Ginny dragged me in there," I said, spitting out the last word like it was Voldemort's name. "Oh, I wasn't talking about the She-Weasel. I was talking about your boyfriend. Everyone knows who wears the pants in your relationship," Malfoy said, his smirk increasing. "Sod off, Malfoy. I don't feel like quarreling with a two year old today," I huffed. "But then why do you do it every day with your idiot tag-along boyfriend Weaselbee and the Boy-Who-Won't-Die?" I hate that haughty smirk of his. "Ron isn't my boyfriend, and Harry is Gin's," I stated simply, overcome with the urge to correct him. "Oh! Isn't that interesting," Malfoy said, inching forward on his seat with what I assume is excitement. "The only bloke ever to like you besides that furry quidditch player doesn't have the balls to do anything about it. Oh, the woes of a prudish bookworm!" I scowled at him. "Like you've got anything better. Pansy isn't exactly the essence of etiquette, if you get my drift." I smirked. He scoffed. "Nice try, but I'm not even dating her. She's just arm candy so Mother will stop hounding me with Pureblood brides." I was confused by why he'd tell me this, but I smirked before saying my comeback all the same. "Then why don't you take one of them instead? You just agreed with me that Pansy is vile," I said smoothly. He rolled his eyes. "It's not that easy. Don't go off trying to understand matters that are too complicated for your little Muggle-born brain," he spat. "Whatever Malfoy; I can't find myself offended when you're using the same material from second year." Just then Ginny stepped out of the shop, eight bags of