Greetings, faithful readers/followers/reviewers! I thank all of you for waiting the long time to read this, and apologize for not writing and posting this sooner. I also thank those who practically kicked me in the backside to get me moving – actually, there's a lot of you guys (gender neutral;) who did that, so thank you! :-) I also wasn't satisfied with a scene near the end, so I deleted it and rewrote it. Now I'm happier. Glorfindel and Erestor angst coming up! " Ada ?" Lord Elrond finished stacking the books onto the shelf and he glanced down at his young son, who was standing with his hands clasped behind his back. Identifying the twin, he said, "Yes, Elrohir?" Dark grey eyes stared up mournfully at him. "Why is Glorfy and 'Restor sad?" Elrond's brow furrowed. "Sad? What makes you think they're sad, penneth ?" "They don't talk to each other and Glorfy isn't being all happy," Elrohir said seriously, his empathy obviously coming into play. "Being all –?" Elrond cut himself off and stared into space as he pondered what the younger twin had just said. He had noticed that Erestor had been a more…blank-faced statue than usual, and Glorfindel had oddly lost his jokes that went all over the place – some not meant for little elflings' ears. What had happened with those two? Elrond hummed in confusion and turned his gaze back to Elrohir, who was still waiting patiently for a reply. "I don't know, Elrohir. Glorfindel probably did something without thinking about it, as he tends to do, and Erestor was…hurt…" Elrond trailed off slowly and his eyes narrowed, thinking furiously. Erestor had claimed that his broken wrist was no fault of Glorfindel's, but it could just be his accursed pride, trying to keep him from being embarrassed. Had it been Glorfindel who had wounded him? And why wouldn't the Elda do anything about it? Glorfindel may have been heartless unwittingly, but if he knew he had injured a friend, his chivalry would never permit him to remain silent. Was that the problem that was going on between the two? " Ada ," said Elrohir, tugging on his father's robes and bringing him back to the present scene. " Ada , do you think that 'Restor and Glorfy need something to make them happy?" "They would probably like that," Elrond said absent-mindedly, trying to figure out why neither Erestor nor Glorfindel had come to talk to him about it. Erestor never seemed to want to discuss anything outside his work life, but Glorfindel would have come to tell Elrond, right? This was an odd mystery, and one that needed solved quickly. Elrond hated seeing anyone in pain – physically or emotionally – and he had sensed that Erestor was feeling…something. Not a positive emotion, that was for sure. He concealed his feelings well, though, and even for a Peredhil with a drop of Maia blood, Elrond found it hard to decipher what Erestor was thinking. "I will go cheer 'Restor up!" Elrohir volunteered happily, and bounded off before his words even reached Elrond. He vanished out of the study, and Elrond watched him go with a slight smile. Elrohir certainly did know how to make people happier, and if he failed to make Erestor at least smile, Elrond would be surprised. Right now, though, he had to deal with one thing at a time. The first was Glorfindel, obviously, since Elrond had to figure out just what had happened to make Erestor so…closed-off. He would find the problem after a long talk with Glorfindel – the Elda could solve many of the questions that puzzled Elrond. With that decided, Elrond popped his head out the door and called down the hall, "Courier?" Within seconds, a dark-haired elf shot around the corner of the corridor and skidded to a halt before Elrond. He executed a hasty bow, then glanced up at his lord, his hair pulled back in a tight single braid. "Yes, my lord?" "Tell Glorfindel to come to my study at his earliest convenience," Elrond instructed, and the messenger nodded. "It will be done!" That said, the courier flew down the hall again and disappeared. Elrond again hummed approvingly to himself and then went back into his study, prepared to wait up to an hour before Glorfindel could come. Elrond didn't actually have that long to wait. A knock sounded at his door in a few minutes, and he pushed aside a few papers he had gathered to the side. "Come in!" he called, and the door opened, revealing Glorfindel. The Balrog-slayer looked like he hadn't slept at all. His golden waves were mussed, as usual, but his tunic was crinkled as if he had lain on it, and his leggings were strained with green at the knee, as if he had been kneeling in the freshly-cut grass. Elrond gave his appearance an odd look, then gestured to the seat across from his desk. "Sit please, Glorfindel." Glorfindel plopped down in the chair, his usual fluidity apparently abandoned. He looked wearied, but his eyes held traces of guilt in their blue depths. "Now…." started Elrond, leaning forward and interlacing his fingers, "I would like to know how Erestor's wrist was broken." Glorfindel stared at him for a very long moment, then his shoulders slumped and he admitted in a terribly remorseful voice, "I did. I didn't realize it until just a little while ago." "I see," said Elrond, not seeing at all. He maintained his slightly stern, but unemotional face and waited for Glorfindel to continue; he wasn't much surprised at the bluntness Glorfindel used. The Balrog-slayer wasn't known for his ability of grace in diplomacy. "Go on." The Captain did so, running his hands through untamed golden hair. "I apologized," he said, "but Erestor didn't even seem to know what I was talking about! Then he got really mad at me and stomped away, and…" He shrugged helplessly. "I haven't seen him since. I was planning on apologizing again, or trying to find some way to make it up to him, but…I can't think of anything." "Ah." Elrond could partially understand what had happened now, but he let Glorfindel go on. "I didn't know he was so – so…upset about the teasing, though," Glorfindel sighed heavily and his posture was terrible with all the slumping he was doing. "I mean, it's not like we don't do it all the time. How was I supposed to know he would take offence this one time?" Elrond just shook his head in exasperation. "You really don't think about the differences between you two, do you?" "Pardon?" Glorfindel said, but Elrond didn't clarify, so he went on. "I do try to understand him, I really do! We do those…those chess nights…" He trailed off, looking slightly dejected. "Well…we used to have chess nights, but he stopped going. I waited for him for hours, but he never showed up." Elrond nodded in understanding, purposely keeping his mouth shut and not saying anything. "And I…" Glorfindel paused and seemed to be thinking, or remembering something. "You know about the…prank war we had going on?" He waited for Elrond's short nod, then continued, "Well, it was my turn the other day, and I figured that I would put a little cord at the bottom of the door, so when he went through he would trip." Elrond's eyebrow arched, giving Glorfindel a questioning look. "Oh!" Glorfindel hastily said, "I didn't mean for him to fall! I just thought he would stumble a little, maybe drop a few papers or books he was carrying. It's a ridiculous trick, I know, but it was all I could think of at the moment. I've been busy working on that bridge you wanted shored up. But Erestor was working really late and when I put it there, he…" Glorfindel stopped again and frowned. "Well, I don't know what he was doing that late at night. It was almost midnight, and I was doing that so he would trip over it in the morning. But for some reason, he was coming back right after I put it there." Glorfindel, remembering it, realized he was staring at the floor and raised his eyes to meet Elrond's gaze, blue eyes earnest. "I didn't know he was going to be that tired – it was supposed to be for the morning! Really!" Elrond just raised his eyebrow again. "I'm not the one you should be convincing, am I?" "But what do I do?" cried Glorfindel, succumbing to his fear and desperation, and fisting his hands in the golden hair that tumbled over his shoulders and down to his waist. "He won't even look at me now except with that cold look in his eyes! He hates me now, and I can't even talk to him!" "He doesn't hate you," Elrond said, spreading his hands in a placating gesture. "You didn't see how he looked at me when I totally ruined that apology," said Glorfindel, burying his head in his hands. "And then when I read the letter –" "What letter?" Elrond interrupted. The simple sentence Glorfindel hadn't finished had just given him a brief memory, a time about two years ago when he found a burnt letter in the fireplace labeled 'Elrond.' It had been so badly burned that Elrond hadn't been able to open it without it crumbling, but he had seen his name on it and known the handwriting was Erestor's. He wondered, as he had then, why it had been burnt when it was so obviously meant for him. Glorfindel's head snapped up and he fixed Elrond with a long look, then his jaw audibly clicked shut and he said no more. Elrond didn't know whether he was just reluctant to disclose the contents of the letter, or if he wanted to…protect Erestor? But that didn't make any sense! "I should be going," Glorfindel said finally after it was clear that Elrond would say nothing. He stood to his feet, but Elrond did as well and held his hand out to stop the Elda. "Wait, Glorfindel." Glorfindel halted and sighed, glancing at him. Elrond pursed his lips. "I don't think you should confront him now, Glorfindel. He needs time to…calm down, retain his dignity. He won't appreciate it if you talk to him when he's still simmering, and he just might blow up at you." Elrond thought he heard Glorfindel mutter something like 'I deserve it,' but the words weren't clear and he decided not to comment on it. "Since you really don't know the meaning of patience unless it's in battle – and that's not an insult," he added when seeing Glorfindel's disgruntled expression, "then I'm going to remove the temptation of bothering Erestor and you can do something else." "You want me to go on patrol, don't you?" Glorfindel said with a resigned look on his face. Elrond simply nodded, and Glorfindel seemed to draw a deep breath, then he gave a shrug. "Fine." With that, he turned and stalked out of the room, leaving Elrond and more questions behind. """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" "Erestor? Are you in there?" Glorfindel was in front of the door to Erestor's chambers, his hand poised to knock. When no reply came, he rapped on the doorframe and asked again, "Erestor?" There was still no answer. Glorfindel hesitated and looked down, then took a deep breath as he leaned closer to the door. "Erestor, if you're in there, I want to…I want to say that I'm sorry. I really am! I didn't mean for any of it to hurt you; it was just meant as a joke. I didn't know you would take offence – and I never wanted you to get hurt!" He bit his lip, pausing. "Elrond said that he wanted me to go out on patrol, to…let you cool down, but I couldn't leave without apologizing again. Could you forgive me, even if you're not going to talk