"You're late." Glorfindel paused right inside the door of the library. He glanced over at the one who had spoken to him, smiling lightly. "I am?" "Yes." Erestor didn't look up from the chessboard he was putting up next to the fireplace. "Ah, it was just ten minutes. I was waylaid by two elflings who wanted me to tuck them in - after their mother and father had already done it." Glorfindel tossed his cloak at the nearest bookshelf and winced when the heavy fabric landed wrong, knocking a few large books off. He looked over at Erestor to see if he had noticed. He had. "Pick it up, please." Glorfindel sighed and shook his head, walking over to scoop up the three books that had fallen and placing them back the shelf. Fixing his cloak to let it drape over the shelf, he then turned and walked over to the table where Erestor was. It was a few yards in front of a huge hearth in the library, fire flickering on the logs, with two comfortable chairs and a round table. A chessboard was on the table, with two empty glasses beside it. Erestor was placing the pieces on the board, making sure every single one was in the right place. He was seated in one of the chairs. "Did you bring the wine?" asked Erestor. "Of course I did. I always do." Glorfindel plopped down in the seat opposite Erestor and pulled out a large bottle from inside his over-tunic. "You forgot last week." The adviser frowned at the board, shifting one piece. "That was one time. Perfectionist," muttered Glorfindel. "Barbarian," was the retort. Neither of them said it with any spite in their voice. It was just what they would do here. This night was a custom now. Every third night - unless one was otherwise occupied - Erestor and Glorfindel would meet in the library to have a chess match and share a bottle of wine after most occupants of Imladris had gone to bed. Elrond approved, but never joined them, since Erestor would stay up late every night, working on paperwork and reports, and he needed something to "socialize" as the Elf lord put it. As the Balrog-slayer and Chief Counsellor were practically at each other's' throats during the day, they needed some time to be polite and have a nice discussion. Quite frankly, Erestor didn't mind, though everyone thought he just did it to humor Lord Elrond. Erestor thought his conversations with the Elda were stimulating; everything else was simply boring. Everything had an order, a perfect way of doing it, but Glorfindel . . . he was confusing. When Erestor first met him, he thought that Glorfindel would be easy to figure out, and he could compile him under 'just another of the warriors.' But he was different somehow, not just the hack-and-slash type Erestor was used to putting up with. There were hidden depths to him, and the adviser was determined to discover them. Therefore . . . chess night. Erestor wasn't going to forget what had happened yesterday, though. That huge demon spider . . . Glorfindel didn't make it leave. He stood there and did nothing ! He was going to regret that dearly. But not right now. Right now Erestor was going to crush him in chess - as he usually did. "Dark or white?" Glorfindel asked, uncorking his bottle and pouring a generous amount in one glass. "It's black." With a satisfied smile, Erestor slid the last piece into place. Glorfindel's face was incredulous. "What? Come on, 'Restor, black is a dark color. It's the same thing!" "No, it's not." Erestor reached across the table, careful not to knock over any chess pieces, and grabbed the wine bottle from Glorfindel. "And don't call me 'Restor, or I'll start calling you 'Glorfy.'" Glorfindel decided not to pursue the subject of names, but instead caught the bottle opening just as Erestor was about to pour it into his glass. "Ah, ah. This is Elrond's special wine. It's very potent; you know you don't hold your liquor well." Erestor scowled at the Balrog-slayer. "You can't stop me. Remove your hand." "Fine!" Glorfindel rolled his eyes and let Erestor fill the glass, then replace the cork, setting the bottle aside for future use. "I'll take black; you're going to lose anyway," Erestor declared, spinning the chess board so the white pieces were on Glorfindel's side. "I might not lose!" exclaimed Glorfindel. Erestor looked up from his examination of the game to fix him with an impassive look. "You've lost almost every time we played, and the few times you did win, it was because I was drunk." Glorfindel considered that for a moment, nodded and scooped up the wine bottle, then poured even more into Erestor's glass. "Very well, drink up!" "Your move," said the adviser, ignoring him. Glorfindel stared at the board for a moment, then scooted a pawn forward. "Good start," Erestor approved. His move was swift, a knight leaping over a pawn to land in front of all of his other pieces. He tried never to start out the same way, since a strategy could be dissected and figured out. He didn't know if Glorfindel could do that, but it wasn't worth finding out. Glorfindel hummed something and jumped another pawn. About ten moves later, as usual, Glorfindel lost most of his interest in the game and propped his chin on his hands, studying Erestor. "You're not going to try and start a discussion, are you?" queried the adviser, studying the board. Glorfindel had unwittingly - or maybe not - trapped his queen in a row of pawns. He needed to get her out. "Of course!" Glorfindel exclaimed, a grin breaking across his face. "Don't tell me you can't think about two things at once?" "Fine." Erestor picked up his queen and set her on the other side of the board in a legal move. He mimicked Glorfindel's gesture, propping his chin up with one hand. "Well, what do you want to talk about?" Glorfindel absentmindedly scanned the board as he talked. "Well, I was thinking we could both ask each other a question and we had to answer." "Just one?" Erestor sounded disappointed; he scooped up the wine glass and sipped it. "Why?" "I wanted to ask about some of the people you knew in Gondolin." Glorfindel frowned, an uncommon sight on his face. "Okay, past lives are out of the discussion." "That's not fair!" protested Erestor. "I've only lived once!" Glorfindel reached across the table and patted the adviser's dark hair. "That's all right, you'll be fine." Erestor batted the hand away and scowled at him. "Are you going to go or not?" "Hm? Oh." Glorfindel pushed a pawn forward without even looking at it. Erestor fumed inwardly. How in the world had this infuriating Elda known just the move that would keep both of his bishops from moving to claim check and mate? "I'll go first!" proclaimed Glorfindel, leaning back in his seat while Erestor frantically studied for a way to get out of this trap, surveying the position of each piece. "Is that okay?" When no answer came from the Chief Counsellor, Glorfindel nodded and took a gulp out of his own glass. "Well, here's my question. Have you ever been anything other than a studious, perfectionist adviser?" He leaned forward, eyes going wide in mock horror. "Were you even a child once ?" "Of course I was, silly," said Erestor, finally deciding to forsake his bishops and move his king to safety behind a wall of pawns and knights. He continued examining the board as he answered Glorfindel's first question. "Yes, I was once something other than a 'perfectionist adviser.'" Glorfindel eagerly waited for more, but Erestor was done talking. "Now that's not fair!" the Elda complained. "You can't just leave me hanging like that!" "You only asked if I have been anything other, and I said yes. If you want more, ask Elrond." "Elrond," muttered Glorfindel. "He never gives out information about his advisers. Or anyone else, for that matter." "Fine, ask Celebrían." "Do you even know how hard it is to get a straight answer from her? She takes after her mother too much in that respect, I think." "Are we gossiping or asking each other a question?" said Erestor sharply. He wasn't one for idle conversation unless it would gain Imladris something - like when he just had to be polite to some delegate from King Thranduil, or an envoy hailing from Lothlórien. "Ugh," Glorfindel grumbled. "Fine, ask your question." He pushed his own queen forward as if an afterthought. Erestor analyzed the move, then looked up, his chocolate brown eyes cunning and cool. His suspicious that had been accumulating over the past few months were just confirmed. "Very well, I have a question. Are you ever going to actually play chess or will you just keep making ridiculous moves forever?" "What kind of question is that?" "You know perfectly well how to play chess," Erestor said, his dark eyebrows drawing together. "But for some reason, you don't and instead let me win every time. Why?" "Now what would make you think that?" asked Glorfindel innocently, leaning back in his seat again. "Please, I've played with you for years now, almost twice a week. I'm not stupid. I've been comparing your moves, your lack of attention to the board, your brief glances to make sure I'm winning - you know very well the piece you just shifted," he jabbed a finger at his opponent's queen, "is going to get wiped out in the next five turns, and you did it anyway." "Now -" Glorfindel started, but Erestor cut him off. "You're not a stupid warrior - you weren't made the Captain of the Guard just because you slew a Balrog and you're famous." Erestor hmph ed and crossed his arms. "You're a master strategist, so why should you not be able to win a simple game?" Glorfindel stared at him for a long moment, then grinned widely. "Ah, well, you figured me out!" He moved so swiftly, Erestor couldn't stop him, and in one quick move, swept the whole chessboard off the round table and onto the floor. The pieces clattered together on the carpet. Erestor gaped at the Elda for a moment, finding it hard to believe that he had just . . . wrecked the game! "What was that for?" "I forfeit the game!" announced Glorfindel brightly, plopping his elbows on the table and smirking. "You win." "This is absolutely -" Erestor muttered, but stopped himself. He scowled down at the scattered chess pieces and board. "Well, you've ruined the game, what are we supposed to do now?" "Just a moment." Glorfindel scooted off his chair and picked up the chess board, setting it to the side and stacking the pieces to the game back on top. His golden hair spilled over his shoulders, glimmering in the firelight, and he brushed it back with an irritated look, then slid back into his seat. "We may continue." "Continue with what? You messed up the board." Erestor frowned when he noticed that his wine glass was empty. He refilled it quickly. Glorfindel pretended to ponder that. "I do have one suggestion . . ." "Anything is better than this inane chatter," claimed Erestor. "Okay, you asked for it . . ." Glorfindel shrugged and propped his right elbow on the table and reached forward. Erestor stared at his arm with confusion. "What's that all about?" "It's a test of strength," Glorfindel explained. "You'll hold arms like so," he grabbed Erestor's right hand and wrapped the slender fingers around his own, "and push in opposite directions. Whoever forces the other's hand to the table first wins the game." "I know what arm-wrestling is, Glorfindel." Erestor tugged on the firm grip and tried to disentangle his hand, but the Elda held firm. "This