#8 – Hobby Glorfindel's fingers slipped on the small knife and he caught his breath, but it didn't cut him. Readjusting his grip after the tense moment, he turned it in his hand and cut it into the wooden block again. A sliver of oak fell onto the table he was working over, and as he moved the blade further into the wood and along the edge, the lines of a body appeared. Glorfindel paused to examine it and he sighed, continuing on. Shavings dropped from the wood and a few collected near the arm that was forming, so Glorfindel blew on them to knock them away. A few minutes later, after etching the solid edges of an elven form, he set the knife down and picked up another one, this one much smaller and tapering to a narrow point at the end. He ran it along the sharpening stone to ensure it was sufficiently sharp, and then he began the delicate work. Tiny details appeared under the quick blade; wind-swept hair that fell halfway down the figure's back, slim yet strong shoulders, a noble and fair face, subtly engraved designs on the clothes… Glorfindel set the knife aside to examine his efforts, and he frowned when he noticed that something seemed to be missing. After a moment of thought, his eyes brightened and he lifted the knife once more. A few strokes, and he put the blade away again. A familiar figure stared proudly at him, a circlet carved onto the wooden forehead. The features were eerily similar to the Lord of Imladris, but that was as he remembered it. Glorfindel smiled and stretched up to place the statue alongside many others of the same. It was nestled between a woman with kind eyes and a quick smile, and another male figure with a flute raised to his lips. Glorfindel stared at them for a long moment before sighing heavily and closing his eyes, dropping his head into his hands. "" "" "" #17 – Celebration Lindir's fingers danced nimbly across his harp, the music driven into his mind by multiple hours of practice. The time he had spent learning this now enabled his focus to be on other things while his fingers knew where they were supposed to go, what notes to play next. He was aided by the music the other minstrels produced from their assorted instruments. Therefore, he examined the occupants in the Hall of Fire as he performed the song. His gaze caught on Elrond and Celebrían first, the Lord and Lady sitting beside their children as they talked, eyes sparkling and hands clasped, clearly still in love after centuries of marriage. The twins were on either side of Arwen, talking over her head about something. She occasionally chimed in with something that must have been witty, since every time she added to their conversation, all three burst into laughter. Smiling, Lindir turned his gaze across the massive room. He spotted warriors, archers, scribes, assistants, librarians, and many other elves with various jobs that were enjoying themselves before his attention was snagged. Surprisingly, standing between two pillars in a darkened area, was Glorfindel, his golden hair caught with a silver ribbon and tied back. He held two wine goblets in his hands, drinking from one as he talked. For a moment, Lindir thought he was alone, but then he saw a shadow move and realized that Erestor was there, his eyebrow cocked sardonically and shaking his head. Lindir couldn't understand what exactly they were saying, but it was apparent that Glorfindel wanted him to come join the celebration, while Erestor seemed satisfied to lurk in the corner. Lindir, for a strange reason that he didn't know himself, hoped that Glorfindel would succeed. He continued watching, plucking at the strings of the harp that was as tall as he. Glorfindel, his very body posture persuasive, offered the adviser one of the goblets, talking all the while. Erestor seemed to sigh heavily, then accepted it but didn't drink. He shook his head again, and Glorfindel's lips moved even faster, gesturing with his free hand and waving at the groups scattered through the Hall. Erestor's shoulders slumped and he said something, but it seemed less determined than before. Glorfindel straightened and he beamed, motioning insistently for Erestor to leave the small area. There was a long moment of hesitation, and Erestor raised his cup to his lips and drank deeply, then stepped out of the shadows and into the glaring light that came from the multiple fires scattered throughout the Hall. Glorfindel smiled broadly and patted his shoulder, then trotted alongside him as he chattered about something else. Lindir caught the faintest trace of a smile tugging at Erestor's mouth when he and Glorfindel joined Elrond's family. The song ended, and Lindir glanced at his fellow minstrels, they shared a grin, and then they started the next piece of music, a fast tune that had people starting to tap their feet. Lindir looked around the room once more, spying the happy occupants, and he smiled and played on. "" "" "" #26 – Metal " What are you doing?" Elrond exclaimed in shock upon seeing a tiny crown fly across the room and hit the wall. Elladan glared stubbornly. "It won't fit on my head," he said angrily, scowling at the metal circlet as if it had personally offended him – and it apparently had. Elrohir had been trying to shove his own circlet on his little head, and seeing what Elladan had done, he took it off and threw it on the floor. "It won't work!" Elrohir shrieked, then sat down on the floor and burst into tears. "I hate crowns!" Elladan howled, and stomped once, angrily, on the floor. Then he ran over to Elrohir and fell down beside him, beginning to cry as well. Elrond just stared, unable to believe that had escalated so quickly. He pressed two fingers to his brow and shook his head. Celebrían left for one minute to get her handbag, and this happened! "" "" "" #28 – Waybread Arwen was heading down the river for a nice walk alongside it when she saw Elrohir sitting on the bank, his feet trailing in the water and munching on something that looked suspiciously like the waybread she had made for the month-long patrol Glorfindel was about to go on. She stopped and looked apprehensively at her brother's back. "What are you doing?" The twin grinned and took a bite out of the food he was holding. "I saved this lembas from the last time Elladan and I went to Mirkwood. There's no use in wasting it now." He broke a piece off and flipped it into the river. An instant later, a fish appeared and gulped down the crumb, then vanished back into the water. "That's rather wasteful," Arwen disapproved, sitting down beside him. "Indeed," Elrohir agreed, and broke the bread in half to hand her a piece. "Here, feed the fishies, they like it." Arwen took a small nibble from the lembas , and found that it was indeed going slightly stale. She shrugged and tugged a small bit from the bread. Elladan found them a few minutes later, sitting shoulder to shoulder and tossing pieces of bread into the water. Fish scales flashed silver as they swam away when Elladan sat down beside the two, and he grinned. "May I join?" "" "" "" #40 – Down The River "What, may I ask, are you doing?" Glorfindel asked the half-grown Peredhil twins. They glanced back at him with matching grins, then looked back at the water. "We're waiting," said one. Glorfindel couldn't really tell them apart, since they had decided to be mischievous today and wear the exact same clothes, then braided their hair similarly. "Waiting for what?" "That!" cried the other twin, and immediately the two strung the bows they were holding and aimed at something floating down the river. They didn't shoot yet, but kept their arrows aligned with the object, ready to release it at any second. Glorfindel frowned in bemusement. "Why are you shooting at a dead squirrel?" "It's not dead; it's made from fabric and stuffed. Nana made it for our archery practice," the first twin stated proudly. Glorfindel was relatively sure he knew which twin was which now. "Since when do orcs float down rivers waiting for you to shoot at them?" Glorfindel said. The two ignored him. "Wait…wait…and now!" They fired in unison, both arrows arching over the rippling water and slamming squarely into the stuffed squirrel. They laughed and turned to Glorfindel. "Did you see that?" "Indeed. It was rather impressive," Glorfindel said, wondering why the thing hadn't completely fallen apart by now. It must have been taking a rather hard beating. "I do want to ask you, however…how are you going to retrieve your arrows?" Elladan and Elrohir looked at it floating past them with their arrows, then exchanged strange looks. "Oops," said one. "I hadn't thought of that." "" "" "" #51 – On The Brink "Erestor, give it back." "No," said the adviser. Glorfindel scowled at his friend, who was quick to keep the large oak table between them. He sighed heavily. "Really, Erestor?" "Really, Glorfindel?" Erestor mimicked. "You know perfectly well not to bring this into council meetings." He waved the offending object at Glorfindel, and the Balrog-slayer lunged at it, but was stopped short by the table. "It's vintage! Give it back!" "That's not going to happen." Erestor stifled a laugh at Glorfindel's inelegant efforts to sneak around the table without Erestor keeping even with him. "You know," Glorfindel tried to reason, "If Elrond comes in here, he'll see us acting ridiculous. He's used to it from me, but if he sees you doing it…" "Good try." Erestor cast a glance backwards at the bookshelf behind him. He might be able to make it… "But Elrond is the one who made the rule that you can't bring things like this into official meetings. And with the Lothlórien envoy present, too!" "Come on, Erestor, the meeting is over! Why can't you just give it to me?" "That wouldn't prove my point," Erestor stated, and then turned and flung the item into the air. Glorfindel shrieked something behind him, but it was unintelligible as the object bounced along the top of the bookshelf, then clattered somewhere down at the end. Erestor smiled and turned smugly to Glorfindel, who glowered at him. "And if you climb that bookshelf, I'm going to push it over with you on it." "You're a heartless, cruel, conceited b –" "Yes, yes, I know." Erestor waved his hand flippantly. "I've heard them all before." He was safe, now that Glorfindel didn't want him to give the item up, so he started gathering the papers that were still lying on the table from the meeting. Glorfindel glared at the bookshelf, but he was already planning when the best time would be to come and sneak his wine bottle out. "" "" "" #69 – From Afar "You see? It's just over that mountain there? The ram, running up the side." Elrohir raised an eyebrow at his friend, then turned to look at the distant mountain. He squinted and shook his head after a moment. "I still don't see it." The other guard sighed and shook his head. "Oh well, I guess I was imagining it." Elrohir rolled his eyes and glanced over at the fire a few hundred yards away, where a few more warriors were gathered around, talking and occasionally tossing something in the flames. "Hey, Elladan!" he called, raising his voice, and his brother glanced over. Elrohir pointed at the mountain. "Can you see a mountain goat up there?" Elladan looked carefully at it, scanning the ridges and the hillocks for any sign of the animal. A few seconds later, his brow creased and he shook his head. "Not there!" he told Elrohir.