Erestor stopped in the hallway right outside the dining halls and took a long, deep breath. His face slid into the emotionless mask he usually wore, and a mask slid over his dark eyes, concealing his pain and the hurt he had felt when Glorfindel had mercilessly teased him just a moment ago. He let out his breath and straightened, walking down the corridor with strong strides. The tears that had pooled in his eyes he wiped hastily away, glad for once of his pale skin that never seemed to redden. Others he passed by noticed nothing wrong, averting their eyes hastily when they noticed the stern Chief Councilor moving down the hall with purposeful steps. He was going to his study, the one place he felt at home and in control all the time. """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" "I've found a suitable assistant, my Lord," Erestor said, handing Lord Elrond the pile of reports he had completed yesterday and now simply needed to be signed and notated. "Lisondrë is one of the minor librarians, and seems to be a good worker." Elrond had just gotten to his study after finishing breakfast and kissing his two elfling sons goodbye and a fun day with their tutors when Erestor had given him the papers. He gave his Chief Counselor a searching look, still wondering about his hasty retreat from the dining halls. "Are you well, Erestor?" The adviser blinked, and held up his robe-draped, casted right arm. "Not really, my Lord." "I didn't mean that ." Elrond took the reports and brought them to his desk, then stood for a long moment trying to find where he would put them on the already-cluttered area. After a minute, he shrugged and piled them on top of another stack of reports that were two days old. Turning back to Erestor, he said, "Was Glorfindel being insensitive again?" Instantly that emotionless mask slammed over Erestor's face, and Elrond mentally sighed. There would be no getting useful answers out of him now. "I am healing," said Erestor, his voice impassive. He changed the subject in the next second. "Would you like to meet the assistant I selected?" "Hm? No, I'm sure he'll be great," Elrond said absent-mindedly, once again losing focus on the problem before him as he looked around his messy study, trying to remember where he put those brown-flecked sharpened quills. "Actually, it's not a –" "Erestor?" Elrond cut in, and Erestor raised his eyebrows patiently. He was used to his lord's quick mood and subject changes. "Do you know where I put those new quills from Mithlond? The gray ones with brown spots on them?" "They're in the bottom drawer in the right side of your desk, my lord," Erestor said, then continued his earlier conversation. "The assistant is actually a female, if that's fine with you?" "It's great!" Elrond approved, and began digging in the drawer his adviser had pointed out. Erestor thought for a moment he hadn't been paying attention during the whole thing, but then his head came up and he added, "I like Lisondrë – she's a good organizer. You should get along with her well." "I certainly hope so," Erestor muttered. "After all, I'll have to be putting up with someone in my study for the next four weeks." "What's that?" "Nothing, my lord. Do you need me for anything else?" "Hm…where did that bottle of ink go?" "Next to the ink well," Erestor said uncomplainingly. "Where is has been for the past ten years." "Ah, yes, there it is! Thank you, Erestor. That will be all – good day! Oh, wait, have you seen Glorfindel? He vanished right after you did at breakfast, looking quite sorry for himself." "I'm sure I don't know where he is," Erestor said stiffly. "He's probably off cavorting with his friends and spreading tales that need not be told." Elrond looked long and hard at his adviser at the words he had just said. Had he detected a tone of resentment in there somewhere? Erestor just stared back at him blankly, and he supposed he must have imagined it. Since when would Erestor be bitter anyway? With a shrug, he went back to scrabbling for writing materials. "All right, then. Thank you." "For your pleasure, my lord," Erestor said, nodding; then turned and left, heading for the Main library. He found just who he was looking for in the rear of the room, shoving thoughts of Glorfindel to the back of his mind. "Lisondrë," he greeted the female elf who was flipping through a large archive that catalogued a section of the library. The elleth looked up immediately, registering the voice as the Chief Counselor. She smiled brightly, her dark brown hair pulled back into a single tight braid. "Erestor!" she exclaimed, trotting forward and giving him a large hug. Erestor simply tolerated it, feeling secretly miserable because of the fact that she was as tall as him, if not an inch or so higher. It wouldn't have hurt so much except for the fact that Glorfindel had made that jab at him earlier about his height – oh, he knew he was short compared to other male elves, and Glorfindel teased him aplenty on it, but never directly in front of his other friends , and never purposely trying to hurt him. But that was what he had been doing, hadn't he? His 'prank' was to be mocking Erestor in the dining hall, right where everyone could see the heartless Chief Counselor lose control of his emotions for that brief instant. And it had worked – it had definitely worked. It just made Erestor all the more sure that he never should have let Glorfindel get this close to him, actually pretending that he could be friends with someone other than Lord Elrond. Friends would never deliberately hurt each other, after all. Well, it wasn't as if he would know. Erestor didn't have any friends in that sense of the word, apparently. "It's so good to see you again!" Lisondrë was saying, pulling back and smiling widely. Of course she was intimidated by his dark demeanor, but she simply chose not to show it – at least, not most times. "You saw me yesterday," Erestor felt the need to point out. "Ah, yes," Lisondrë agreed. Her pale blue eyes twinkled as she grinned at him, and Erestor inwardly winced. He didn't want to deal with this type of cheerfulness so early in the day. "I have a new job position for you," Erestor said abruptly, turning and motioning for her to follow as he strode out of the library. She did follow, her long legs easily keeping up with him; still smiling, though her eyes marked her confusion. "Am I not doing well here? You assigned this to me when I first came, and I thought since it had been so long ago, I had been doing well." "Oh, don't worry. You'll be going back to it within the next few months – hopefully, just one month." Erestor glanced at her. "Do you remember last week?" "If you're referring to the incident with the warriors who thought sparring in the library would be a good idea, I was barely involved," Lisondrë hurried to assure him, but Erestor shook his head. "No, when you organized the whole section of the East Wing in a lesser library because it was 'too cluttered'?" "Oh." Lisondrë gave him an anxious look. "I didn't mean to change much – it was just that the manuscripts about the crops in Doriath were getting mixed with the accounts of the crossing of the Grinding Ice, so I fixed it. Is that what I'm getting in trouble for?" "No," said Erestor with a calm tone, though he wasn't feeling very patient at the moment. He wondered if she really was this dim-witted; had he made a mistake choosing her? "At the moment, I am in need of a personal assistant due to…a health issue, so I have chosen you." "Me?!" she exclaimed, feeling honored and shocked at the same time. "I – thank you so much, my lord!" Apparently she had decided to start using his title. Her eyebrows furrowed suddenly. "Wait…health issue? What happened?" Was everyone going to be this nosy? "My wrist is broken," Erestor said curtly. "The right one, so I am unable to transcribe anything. Therefore, you will write for me. All else, I can handle." "Basically a glorified scribe," Lisondrë said, nodding slowly. When Erestor cast his own version of an annoyed look at her, she added, "I really do want to help. It's just a surprise." "Okay. Good." Erestor pushed open the doors of the room he had just reached and walked confidently inside. He immediately started toward his desk – it was his study, after all. "Now that you understand," he said to her, holding his right arm to his stomach as he began opening drawers with his left, "you may go ahead and begin. Ask me if you want anything, but I'm sure all you need is already here. Unless it's wine," he added. Lisondrë thought for a long moment, then smiled and nodded. "Where do I begin?" she asked brightly, acclimating quickly to her new environments. "We will start with a letter to King Thranduil," Erestor said, finishing lying out his writing supplies on his perfectly organized desk, so unlike Lord Elrond's. He scowled once more at the stain that still marred the woodwork from where Elrohir had spilled ink, but looked up at Lisondrë and gestured for her to come closer, ideas already surfacing in his mind how this would work. After all, once given a direct order from Lord Elrond, he could never refuse. And since this had been one of them – and his accursed wrist as well, he just had to put up with it. Now that he had thought about it, Erestor realized his wrist wasn't hurting, except for the slightest twinge when he moved too quickly. Maybe it had been that paste Lord Elrond had smoothed on it. Whatever the case, he needed to hurry and get this work down as soon as possible, then move onto the preparations for the feast of Starlight. There was much to be done, and little time to do it! """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" "Bring your weapons to the racks, and then you're all dismissed," Glorfindel called to the young warriors he had just been instructing. The group of two dozen scrambled to comply, glad that the intense regime was over. Wooden swords clattered as they were placed into their positions, and Glorfindel frowned when he saw one of the younglings simply drop his sword into place, the tip smacking fiercely against the ground, and prepare to stride away. "Bregolas!" Glorfindel barked, and the elf turned toward him. "Yes, my lord?" "Come here, and bring your weapon with you," Glorfindel ordered. He was a quite good-humored spirit wherever he was, but he was firm with his trainees and he would never tolerate a weapon being treated like a toy. This young elf was about to receive a lesson in weapons care. The dark-haired elf looked confused for a moment, then grabbed the wooden sword he had tossed carelessly into its place and hurried to his instructor. Sympathetic looks were cast his way by others who were already leaving; they had been in his position before. Glorfindel waited until Bregolas had stopped in front of him before he sheathed his own sword in the scabbard at his waist and snapped, "Stand at attention!" He immediately did so, back straight and eyes directly ahead. Glorfindel circled him, looking for all the world like a great lion on the hunt. "Tell me, penneth , what do you think this," he prodded the wooden sword the warrior held, "is?" "Um…a training sword, my lord?" Bregolas offered hesitantly. "Wrong!" Glorfindel faced the trainee, blue eyes glaring into light grey ones. "It's a deadly weapon, one that can take