Hello Everyone. :-) I've started this story with MadamKitten as co-author. We have so much in common, and when I asked her about some Plunnies, we were able to make an all new fic. (It helps that we both love the same characters) We are both proud of it, and have never written anything with another author before, this is first time, for both of us. We hope you all will enjoy this, and look so much forward to hear your opinions. MadamKitten has uploaded this on Ao3, and I did it here. Enjoy! And please, leave a thought or a review Trigger warnings will be updated along the way when we write the chapters. But as for now they are: Death, including major character death. Smut. Torture. Language. Adult themes and situations. Chapter 1 September 3rd, 1944 The headquarters of Gellert Grindelwald. Gellert Grindelwald had almost everything he had ever wanted. He had control over most of Europe and had an army of followers. His control over Europe expanded everyday, and he loved the power it gave him. He loved the dark magic that flowed through his veins, and made him one of the most powerful wizards alive. Very few wizards could rival his power, in fact only one, Dumbledore. But soon even Dumbledore would be no match for him. He stood outside his bedroom on a large balcony, overlooking France. The witch inside his bedroom stirred causing him to turn. What was her name again? Women! He thought. You only need to be a little bit famous, and they all throw themselves at your feet! As he turned back to look out over the city he took a sip of the firewhiskey he held in his hand, and thought back on the events of the day before. September 2nd, 1944 Gellert prepared himself for battle. He and some of his soldiers were infiltrating the French Ministry of Magic today. He needed information that he knew he would be able to find here. For three years, Gellert had tried to find a way to gain immortality, and now it would seem like his work was finally about to pay off. Somewhere in the French Ministry of Magic, there was the name of a Potion Master who had created a potion that was said to gave the drinker immortality. It was something Gellert always had dreamt about. With immortality he would truly be unbeatable. "Sir, we are here." One of his soldiers said. Gellert Grindelwald was pulled from his thoughts and stopped in his tracks, as looked up at the large decomposing gray building. From the outside it looked like an old, worn down, abandoned factory building, but Gellert knew that this was the French Ministry of Magic. He could feel all the wards and magic surrounding the place. He took a deep breath and smiled, soon. Soon he would be the most powerful wizard in all of Europe. "Good! Are you all in on the plan? Any questions?" Gellert asked his soldiers. "No sir!" They all said in unison. "Good, then let's get in!" Gellert said. He cast a disillusionment charm on himself, and followed the others inside.. The plan was simple. They were to capture the French Minister, and then gain access to the Potions Lab. He was sure the name of the Potion Master would be found there. Gellert and his men entered the Ministry swiftly, acting like they worked there. Gellert followed his men, still hiding under the powerful disillusionment charm. He was a wanted man after all, it wouldn't work with his plan if he were to be captured. Not that anyone would be able to capture him, he was powerful, and knew a lot of dark curses. "Sir? The French Minister should be right up here, but it looks like there are guards watching." One of his soldiers said. "Millard, you take out the one on the left, Bull you take out the one on the right. Everyone else, make havoc!" Gellert said and grinned as his men went to work. The curses flew around, and Gellert ducked a pair of curses thrown by the Aurors. He removed his charm, and soon everyone was calling his name. They knew he was here now, but it wouldn't matter. By the time reinforcements would arrive, he would have the Minister and the name of the Potion Master. " BOMBARDA!" Gellert yelled, and the door into the Minister's office blasted open. He calmly went inside. The curses that were being thrown at him stopped before they were able to hit their mark. He had no need of shields or protection charms. He had long ago, created a necklace with his symbol of the three hallows, on which he had placed many very strong protection charms. It really came in handy when you were battling. He didn't need to deflect any spells, his charm necklace would make sure of that. Gellert looked around the room. The Minister's office was clean, and impressive. The walls were filled with photographs of the minister with famous witches and wizards, awards and expensive artwork. Gellerts gaze slowly went to the small portly man seated behind a very large mahogany desk. "You? Your Grindelwald?" the Minister mumbled, a look of confusion and fear on his face. "The one and only." Gellert said, and moved into the room. He silently cast a quick Expelliarmus, and caught the French Ministers wand. "Now Minister Duball, where are your manners? You should always offer your guest a drink!" Gellert said and grinned as he sat down in the plush chair in front of the Minister. The little fat man in front of him quickly hurried over and poured a glass of firewhiskey for Gellert. Minister Duball was shaking like a leaf. "Don't worry Minister Duball, I'm not here to hurt you." Gellert said and placed his feet on the table in front of him as he folded his hands behind his head and leaned back in his chair. "Wha...what.. can… I do… fo.. for you, Mr. Grindelwald?" Minister Duball stuttered. "Now that's much better, don't you think?" Gellert grinned, and took the glass and drowned the whiskey. "I have searched for quite some time now for a man. A Potion Master. Everytime I get close to getting the name of the Potions Master, it slips away and it kills me. So now, I thought, Gellert, why not go straight to the top! Get the Minister on your side, and get the name! And I must admit, it really was the best plan. So here I am! Now Minister Duball, you are the French Minister, and therefor, you know whom I seek. I suggest you give me the name and whereabouts of your Potion Master, and then we will be on our way." Gellert happily said, and got up and began pacing behind the Minister.. "I don't know who you are talking about." the Minister mumbled and his body tensed as Grindelwald leaned in closely. "Ah come now Minister Duball, both you and I know that is not true! Now you will tell me the name, or I can get some of my men to pay a visit to your lovely family." Gellert said, as he reached past the minister and picked up a framed photograph that was sitting on his desk. "Is this your wife? And then, this must be your lovely daughter? Am I right?" Gellert said and pointed to the picture. "Please, don't hurt my family, please, I'll do anything, just don't hurt my family!" the Minister sobbed. "I'm not sure, your daughter is really a beauty. You know, I have always preferred blondes. There is just something special about them, makes them almost like angels! It would fit well don't you think? They call me the devil himself, and a devil should be with an angel." Gellert said and sat the picture down. "Please! Don't hurt them! I'll give you the name, I promise!" Minister Duball said. "See now we're talking!" Gellert exclaimed. "His name is Abraham Léon, he can be found at this address." Minister Duball said, and wrote down a note. "See? That wasn't so hard now was it?" Gellert grinned at the man. "Now please, go on your way and leave the Ministry!" Minister Duball said. "Minister Duball, why do you think people call me the devil himself?" Gellert asked, while pocketing the note. "I don't know sir." The Minister mumbled. "That's because I am the Devil!" Gellert grinned, and pulled the door open. Outside the door stood some of his men with the Minister's wife and daughter. "DAD!" the young blond woman yelled. "No, please not my family, I beg of you!" Minister Duball said as he ran to his family and fell to his knees before Grindelwald. "You know I quite like it, when people get on their knees freely. You should be happy Minister Duball that you figured that out, but surely you must know, that in order to keep your family safe, you have to give me something more in return. A note on a man is not enough, what can you give me that no one else can?" Gellert asked and knelt down in front of the man. "What do you want? I'll give you anything! Just don't hurt my family." Minister Duball said. "Pull your aurors back, let us leave this place, and for the next 48 hours, no one is to come near me or my men, no matter what happens, no aurors! Or you pretty daughter dies, do I make myself clear?" Gellert said. "Take me instead, please not my daughter!" Minister Duball sobbed, while his wife yelled in french. Gellert rolled his eyes, and nodded at one of his men. The man sent a silencing charm on the french woman. "No, I'll take your daughter, and when the 48 hours is up, you get her back! If you followed my orders, you will get her back alive. If however, you do not follow my orders, you may not be so pleased with what I return to you." Gellert said and went over to the Minister's daughter. "I'm going to enjoy the next 48 hours, don't worry Minister Duball, my men will not harm her!" Gellert grinned, and pulled the young women into his arms. He took out the necklace and mumbled, portus . Gellert and his men then left the Ministry leaving the Minister and his wife behind. They immediately arrived at their headquarters, and Gellert didn't waste any time. He dragged the young woman down the corridor and pushed her inside his room warding the door before he turned to rejoin his men. Bull came over with the woman's wand in his hand, a smirk playing around on his otherwise controlled face. "Thank you Bull, you all did great! The next 48 hours is yours, do with them as you please. I intend to have some fun with a beautiful young blond!" Gellert said as he twirled the foreign wand between his fingers. "Sir, what about Abraham Léon?" Bull asked. "Tell Millard I would like to speak with him." Gellert said, and went over to his cabinet where he stored several bottles of the best firewhiskey. He poured himself a small tumbler of the amber liquid and sat on a plush sofa to wait for Millard, while his thoughts went to the blond witch currently in his chambers. "Sir?" "Bull told me you wanted to see me?" Millard said, as he stood directly in front of Grindelwald with his hands clasped behind his back. Gellert looked at the younger wizard. He was the youngest in his army, but one of the best duelist he had ever seen. That and his ability to track down Wizards and witches, was what Gellert liked about the man. "I have a task for you." Gellert asked. "Of course sir." Millard said as he slightly inclined his head. "I need you to locate Abraham Léon. Find