I own nothing but the plot. I want everyone to know I do plan on finishing all my other stories. it's just this one popped in my head while i was on my way to take my 11 month old to his eye doctor appointment in Birmingham. Most of this story will be in Jaspe's point of you. Thank you and let me know what u think. Chapter one. Jasper: Most of you out there already know my story. I was the youngest Major in the Confederate Army. I was bitten and turned into a killing machine. I lived to do as my sire Maria commanded and I was damn good at it, okay I was the best. My combat training and my empathic abilities made me damn near invincible, no other vampire or human stood a chance against me. But all that changed the day I turned a smart mouth asshole, by the name of Peter, that wouldn't take a hint and wormed his way into my heart. Over time we became like brothers and he taught me there was more to my new life then just killing. He taught me how to feel again, how to care and the undead life I was living begin to take it's toll on me. With the new found feelings Peter had showed me, I started to care more and more about the people I was killing and I became depressed. The more I killed, the more depressed I became and more I hated myself. But I had my best friend and brother for support so I continued on. Then Peter up and found his mate, in one of the newborns I had turned. He kept this hidden from me till the time came for me to do one of my many jobs and cull the herd. That night I let him and Charlotte go. I was punished severely for that but I didn't care. I had felt Peter's and Charlotte's love for one another and realized that what Maria and I had was not love. In a way I had hoped she would kill me but she didn't. After my punishment I went through the day to day motions but with Peter gone I had no one and the emotion of my victims begin to cripple me to the point, were I would stave myself just so I wouldn't have to feel them. After years of torturing myself I couldn't take another day. I had planned my own suicide and was just about to walk into the fire pit I had built, when Peter showed up out of nowhere and saved me. He lead me away from that place to freedom. I lived with Peter and Charlotte for years and tried their way of feeding. They feed from criminals, in case you didn't already know. Anyway it didn't work out I just couldn't take feeling the fear of my victims, so I left. I lived as a nomad for awhile, trying to stay a step ahead of the hunger that was always with me. I became low even lower than what I felt with Maria. Once again suicide enter my head but fate had other plans for me. One night in 1948 while trying to get out of the rain I ducked into a small diner in Philadelphia and met Alice, she smiled, took my hand and told me, that she had been waiting for me and I had kept her waiting long enough. I apologized and we left the diner together. Eventually we wound up with the Olympic Coven a coven of five animal drinking vampires. At first I had thought it crazy feeding from animals but with time I too learned to feed from animals and no longer had to feel the fear of my victims. Years passed and we were happy for the most part, I mean how happy can one be repeating high school over and over but it was our life and I wouldn't have traded it for anything. Until the year 2005. That was the year Edward met Bella, a human who's blood called to him and a mind for once he couldn't hear. He fell in love instantly and so did she. With a little help Bella easily found out what we were and was dead set on becoming one of us but Edward didn't want that. She remained human but became one of the family. Edward was finally happy and that made us happy, most of us. Rosalie our sister was none to pleased but she delt with it. A few months into their relationship, they hit a stumbling block in the form of three nomads. Two males one female, one of the males a tracker named James. Thought it would be fun to hunt Bella, this sent Bella on the run with me and Alice, while Edward and the rest of the family kept her father safe and lead James away. He didn't fall for it and in the end Bella was bitten, almost turned and damn near died of blood loss. Edward never left her side. That summer went well and we started school with out a hitch. September 13, 2005 Bella's eighteenth birthday our lives changed again. Alice had insisted on throwing Bella a party, while at the party Bella got a paper cut from one of the gifts that my family had given her and I had tried to attack her. Edward reacted badly and threw her into a table full of glass plates and cups causing her to injure herself further. Carlisle was able to help her but the incident caused Edward to flip out and he left her and took us with him. During our time away she became close friends with Jacob Black one of the local shape shifters. He helped her to heal from the pain our departure had caused. Jacob fell in love with Bella, Bella used Jake as a crutch and did crazy shit just so she could hear Edwards voice. One day during a storm Bella jumped from a cliff. Alice had a vision of this and thought Bella had killed herself. Alice not thinking clearly informed Rose of what she had seen then left to check it out. Rosalie not waiting to find out for sure if the vision was true called Edward and told him Bella was dead. Edward being the drama queen he is ran to the rulers of our kind the Volturi to try and have them kill him. Bella ran to Italy to save him and was found out. Our kinds main rule is humans must never know of our existence. They demanded she be changed or die. Edward didn't like either option but agreed for her to be changed and they were able to leave. When they returned to the states Bella told Jacob she chose Edward over him and they became estranged for awhile. Over time Jake and Bella did start to talk again and it was during this period we found out Victoria the mate of the vampire we had killed was coming for Bella. She brought up to twenty newborn vampires with her and we had to fight them. We defeated her newborns while Edward and Seth another member of the La Push pack took care of old Vicky and a guy named Riley. Jake was hurt during the battle and Bella soon came to realize she was also in love with Jacob but loved Edward more and she agreed to marry him. They were married one month before her nineteenth birthday and on their honeymoon Bella became pregnant with a vampire/human hybrid my niece Renesmee. Bella had a very short but painful pregnancy, Jacob stayed with her the whole time. The time came and she gave birth. it was horrible but things turned out fine. Bella was changed and Jacob imprinted on Renesmee. Time passed Charlie, Bella's dad found out some tings about the supernatural and the Volturi found out about Renesmee and thought she was an immortal child. They made the decision to come for us, take some back home with them and kill the rest. We were scared none of us were sure what we could do to stop them. Alice and I left on a personal mission to find another of Renesmee's kind. The rest gathered witnesses. Their plan was to get the Volturi to stop and see for themselves that what they believed was untrue. Alice and I swung threw Texas and sent Peter and Char to help. We found who we were looking for and made it back just in time. Once the Volturi understood that Renesmee was no threat they left. We were able to settle down and things went back to normal, for awhile. You know sometimes I envy humans they can change and not think about it, much. Not like vampire's we don't change our bodies or our lives but when something does come along to cause change it sometimes can be very difficult for us. Humans also have an attendance to assume things. For example when they fall in love with someone and marry that person, they assume they'll be together for eternity. Vampires do the same difference is, vampires always assume correct or so I thought. Boy was I in for a surprise. Six years after the confrontation with the Volturi, Alice came to me and informed me that we were not mates. That she had known this for sometime but she still loved me, so she stayed with me. She told me that she had seen her real mate coming into her life sometime within the next couple of months, so she thought it would be better if we went ahead and separated before her now husband came into the picture. That news didn't go over well and poor Esme had to replace the whole upstairs. After Edward, Emmett and Carlisle got me under control, I became a recluse only coming out to feed. Things went on this way until Alice brought her real mate Chris home. That's when I decided to leave the Cullens. I went to live with Peter and Charlotte. Peter was thrilled as shit when I showed up on his door step, crying that Alice had left me. He didn't show me one ounce of compassion. He just laughed, patted me on the back and changed the subject like he didn't give a fuck. I lived with them for a year and not once did either of them fuckers offer me a sympathetic word. All I heard the whole time was "About time" and "You'll find your real mate someday" After awhile I started to believe them and I realized that deep down I had always known Alice and I were not mates but she had pulled me out of the darkness into the light and I was blinded by that light. After that realization I pulled up my big boy underwear and began to move on. Six months ago I started missing the Cullens. I missed living with a big family and it sure was a lot easier drinking from animals, when the vampires you live with drink from them too. So I said goodbye and thanks to Peter and Charlotte and headed back to Washington. The first few weeks living in the same house with my ex and her new husband was ruff but I got to know Chris and found I actually like the guy. After that things became better between the three of us and I made the decision not to look for my mate for awhile. I just wanted to focus on me. Now six months later I'm starting to wish I'd stay in Texas. Two months after moving back in with the Cullens, Alice came charging into the family room and announced to everyone that we would be moving to a little place called Cheaha State Park, which is located in