A/N: So, this is a re-write of my two previous PJO stories—Story of my Life and Life, or Something Like it. It'll be a blast from the past because this is going to take place from The Lightning Thief to The Last Olympian. I have yet to finish Heroes of Olympus and have been unable to keep up with that series thus far. This will change very soon, though. Anyway, as I was saying, a re-write. Difference: this will be one story, no AUs to AUs or originals, one story, one AU (sort of; you'll see why), featuring Luke and the OC I created for the past two. This will also be a bit more angst-y and sound more mature because my OC is considerably older than Percy was in TLT. Not only was I a novice and a newb to writing fanfic, I think I was trying too much to write like Rick Riordan. Only problem, my OC isn't Percy and I'm not Rick Riordan. I will be keeping the other stories up, for comparison, nostalgia, for my old readers and other reasons I wouldn't be able to put into words. Hope you enjoy! " Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." Martin Luther King, Jr. Stormy Sailing I didn't want to be here. But I didn't want to be anywhere else either. It was loud and chaotic, but at least their voices were many. It had become an indistinct roar of twittering voices. I didn't have to hear individuals and I had no way of making out their words with so many talking at once. I didn't want to hear about the half-blood that had slayed the Minotaur anymore. I was tired of it. It'd been a few days and still it was all the camp seemed to be able to talk about. Not only that, but they had, of course, started theorizing. We may have been half god, but that didn't make us any less human. And humans loved to talk, chatter, gossip and speculate. If I heard this boy being the son of the "Big Three" one more time I swear I was going to— Instead of preparing for my afternoon archery class with Chiron like I should've been doing, I was in the Hermes cabin, sitting on one of the bottom bunks (something I'd earned for being at Camp Half-Blood for so long), knees pulled up to my chest. I had to make a conscious effort not to rock back and forth, lest I look like a madwoman. I concentrated hard on this, staring at a spot on my bunk, my arms wrapped around my legs tightly. In other words, I was trying to avoid the gossip as much as possible going on around camp. If that meant dealing with rowdy, noisy, mischievous children of Hermes and doing things to the last possible moment then so be it. I heard the door open but paid no mind until I noticed the movement of a mass out of my peripherals. I inclined my head slightly to look around the cabin and noticed everyone bowing respectfully to Chiron, who was standing outside. I quickly slid off my bunk and bowed as well, before going back to it, only sitting on the edge instead of in the middle. My hands rested on either side of my legs on the edge of the bed, too, holding me up as I leaned forward, hunching my shoulders slightly, and I stared at a spot on the floor this time. I let my light blonde hair fall to partially hide my face. Not that I really needed it. With it being so crowded in here, the rest of the kids would hide me in my little corner. Especially if they stood and I sat. Of course, that wasn't entirely the case. Some stood and some had sat back down since bowing to Chiron. Still, I had perfected becoming a wallflower. "Well," I recognized Annabeth's voice. "Go on," she prompted. There was a moment of silence before the cabin broke out into a chorus of snickers and stifled chuckles. I didn't look up to see what had happened. "Percy Jackson," Annabeth's voice rang through the cabin, as if she'd stepped inside, which in all fairness, she probably had. "Meet cabin eleven." Another small moment of dead air. "Regular or undetermined?" I called from my spot, not moving at all, not even my head to look up. I knew it was a question on everyone's minds and someone had to ask it. Since no one had yet, I decided I'd do us all a favor and ask. "Undetermined," Annabeth answered, followed by a collective groan from the cabin. I suddenly recalled a small empty space having popped on the floor in here. That must've been for him. Someone sat down next to me and gently bumped my shoulder. My hand came up to brush the hair I'd let fall in my face back behind my ear—stupid nervous tick—before I looked over to see who'd joined me and my eyes met with beautiful, glittering wintery blue eyes. Luke. Looking into his eyes now brought me back to the first time I really looked into his eyes. Before then, we'd barely talked to each other. He kept to himself and Annabeth. I kept to myself and my twin brother, Daniel. Camp Half-Blood, gods, Greek mythology, real weapons and real monsters, all of it was almost too much at the time. It was overwhelming, having never been exposed to them before this. Save once. And it hadn't been a particularly good experience either. So I and my brother, with our mom gone and an absent godly father, used each other as a crutch to make it through those first few months without completely falling apart. I'd seen Luke because he'd been living in the Hermes cabin. Dan and I hadn't been claimed, so we were put there, too. I didn't meet him my first day I was there seeing as the Hermes cabin was as crowded as ever and he hadn't been the head counselor. I didn't even officially meet him in the first week. He was just another face in the Hermes cabin. I saw him there, in passing and sometimes in activities. Other than that, we both went about our lives pretty separately. It had been the end of the first week at Camp Half-Blood. Chiron told me, my brother and a few other half-bloods that had also shown up around the same time we came that after a week of training with a multitude of weapons, in his class, they held this little… test of sorts. Like a final exam. It was dangerous, but not so that anyone had died from it yet. Majorly injured, but not dead. I had wanted, at the time, to ask him what his definition of majorly injured was—in fact, I think I had—but he suddenly became hard of hearing. The test was this: We were sent out into the forest, along different paths. In the forest were summoned monsters that we would encounter and fight. We were given the weapon that we'd been fairly good at throughout this first week to see if we could be moved up into the next class for that particular weapon. Chiron said not to worry, though, because we'd have more skilled campers to help us if the need arose. They were also there to watch and give Chiron their evaluation after it was all over. We were sent in, one at a time, periodically, so that our presence would be staggered and hopefully we wouldn't run into one another or into the same monster. I was third. Unlike the two before me, who seemed pretty amped to be doing this, I crept through the bushes and trees at a slow pace. My senses had flared to hyper-alert mode. If a shadow moved, my head turned in that direction. I heard every little stir of bushes and rustle of leaves. I treaded carefully, trying to figure out where I was and where I was planning on heading, with an arrow nocked in my bow in case I needed to act fast. Yes, I was given a bow and a quiver of arrows, because I'd shown an affinity for them during our initial training. So had my brother. No surprise there, we were twins. This so-called test was insane. Everyone at this camp was insane. I was insane. Gods, monsters, centaurs, satyrs, naiads, wood nymphs, it was endless. And it was all real. You'd think I'd have accepted this fact, but apparently I hadn't. Not completely, anyway. The rustle of leaves, followed by a low growl stopped me in my tracks. Chills rushed down my spine as I looked to my left out of my peripherals, but didn't dare move, didn't dare breath. I'd recognize the sound of that growl anywhere. Hellhound. My pulse pounded and I swallowed hard, trying to listen over the roar of blood in my ears. Breathing, I could hear it breathing. It was relatively large, then. I took a deep, shaking breath, feeling my muscles coil ready to spring into action. I could do this. I could face my fear, my demon, literally and figuratively. I could do this. Quick as lightning, I raised my bow and arrow as I turned, taking a few steps back, away where the rustle had come from. At my movement, the thing leapt out from the bushes it had been hiding in, coal black lips pull back over its muzzle, revealing slimy, slobbery razor-sharp teeth. My heart stopped and so did my breath. All hellhounds must've looked almost exactly the same. Ink-black fur, those sharp-as-knives teeth and its eyes— I blinked hard and looked away from its eyes. No, I couldn't look at its eyes. I felt my world tilt slightly and my ears rung with echo-y, far away screams and I'd barely even glanced at them. I raised my bow again, for my arms had somewhat dropped at the sight of the thing, keeping my eyes on the point on its forehead I was going to shoot. I could do this. I was going to do this. I was going to overcome my fear. It lunged at me and I was just about to let my arrow fly when I made the mistake of looking into its glowing, lava red eyes again. My mind panicked. It all came flooding back to me, into my head, like a movie playing behind my eyes that I couldn't stop, couldn't escape from. The image of the hellhound flying through the air at me blurred, replaced by horrifying flashbacks. Screams filled my ears. Moving, pulsing black covered my vision before being spattered with blood red. The screams got louder. A woman's voice, shrill and terrified. A name mixed in with her cries of agony, her cries of help. " Please! Help me! Apollo, please! Please! Apollo, help me, please! Apollo! " I sucked in a sharp breath as my vision snapped back into place. I was on the ground now, the hellhound hanging over me. I somehow had managed, through my haze, to put my hands around the hound's neck, keeping its now snapping jaws from anything vital. It wasn't nearly as big as the one I'd seen before. I didn't know where my arrow had ended up flying and my bow obviously wasn't in my hand. I was too busy trying to stay alive, though, to really care. I vaguely wondered where the camper who was supposed to be helping me was when the monster reminded me that its paws were still free. It swiped at me and I turned my head away. A sharp pain blossomed in my neck, followed by a warmth that spilled down the cool skin of my neck and onto the forest floor. I don't know what