So this is just a short one-shot of my OC for my stories, It's the Perfect Story and I Need Another Story, interacting with Apollo after he's turned human. I am planning on incorporating her into the TOA series, but right now I'm making my way through the HOO series, so it'll have to wait for now. There will be some references to things my OC has gone through, but it should be able to stand alone. I'm writing this because after hearing and reading about Apollo thinking about Daphne and Hyacinthus in TOA, I got this idea of my OC interacting with Apollo about that, because she, too, knows about the great loss of a loved one. Hope you enjoy! " But I have promises to keep and miles to go before I sleep." Robert Frost Apollo—Lester, whatever—threw down his sword with a growl before stomping past me, hitting my shoulder with his on his way out of the arena. For a lanky teen with flab (as he'd complained about nonstop since he'd gotten here), he was surprisingly strong. Or perhaps it was because his shoulder was just really bony. I let out a frustrated sigh and looked down, annoyed at him for being such a brat. Then I looked up at the rest of the class, comprised of my siblings, Julia, Alice, and Conner, as well as Paolo, and suddenly felt more annoyed, but also guilty. Their faces told me everything I needed to know about my comment. I took a deep breath, rolling my eyes skyward, placing my hands on my hips "I…went too far, didn't I?" I ventured, looking at my siblings through the corners of my eyes. "Maybe just a little," Will said quietly. "He's had a rough day," Kayla explained. "Yeah," Austin chimed in. "During music class he used some of his power and became pretty exhausted." "And he only hit the bull's-eye once during archery, which really…disappointed him. He-he even swore on the Styx not to do anything that had to do with music and archery until he was a god again." Kayla finished. The more they explained, however, the more annoyed I got. The more they explained, the more Apollo sounded like a bratty, petulant, spoiled child, who didn't know how to fail. "I'll…go talk to him," I ground out through my teeth, clenching my fists at my side. As I turned to leave, however, everyone started to object: my siblings, the kids from the Hermes cabin. Paolo even began to speak in Portuguese. I silenced them with a glare over my shoulder. "Class is excused." I growled as I stormed out of the arena. As I expected he would, Will followed me. Kayla and Austin trailed behind us, but kept their distance. "Tori, maybe you should let him cool off," Will suggested practically jogging to keep up with my angered, fast pace. "Or let one of us talk to him." "What are you implying?" I asked, glaring at him. "Just that…well, you don't handle other people…as well as, say me—" "I can be perfectly delicate when I want to be," I snapped, stopping, forcing Will to stop. My half-brother gave me a look that told me he wasn't missing the irony between my statement and the way I'd delivered it. I took another deep breath and tried to calm myself down a little bit, which was harder than you'd think considering that every time I thought about why I was so annoyed I just became aggravated again. "Look, I know what you're going to say to him if you "—I looked over Will's shoulder at Kayla and Austin, standing far enough away they were in the safe zone, but close enough they could hear the conversation—" any of you, talk to him." I did an over-dramatization of someone comforting another, "'She's just giving you a hard time. She doesn't mean it.'" Will looked insulted. "What's wrong with that? We're trying to comfort him, not make it worse. You've been giving him grief ever since he got here. Not to mention during our class just now." "Because one of those statements isn't true!" I exclaimed. "Yeah, I am giving him a hard time. But I do mean it. I mean all of it. He needs to grow up and learn that he's human now. He has to accept that this is how it's going to work now. This is his punishment for a reason. He needs to learn a lesson." Without waiting for a response, I turned and stalked toward the Apollo cabin. Will called after me, but I ignored him. He also didn't follow me, though. Hopefully it was because he knew there wasn't anything any of them could do to stop me. I entered the cabin, slamming the door behind me, but took a deep breath and tried to go to my happy place before looking around the room. It was completely empty, but I noticed the bathroom door was closed. My hand twitched in agitation. I really hoped everyone locked themselves in the bathroom when trying to get away from someone and it wasn't just one of those things that "ran in the family." Happy thoughts, I reminded myself as I quietly approached the door. I was hesitant to do this, because, and I hate to admit this so soon after, but Will was right. I wasn't as delicate as I thought I could be. After taking shit for so long, I told it how it was with no remorse. If you asked me for the truth, I would give it to, whether or not it was at your expense. Of course, this wasn't a hard-and-fast rule. If I had to lie to save innocent people's lives, I'd do it in a heartbeat, but when it came to telling the truth and lying in the context of people skills? My people skills had either been nonexistent or I had lost them over the years. I took another breath—it was shaking now—before hesitantly raising my hand, the back facing the door, and knocking lightly. I leaned close to it, so I could hear him better if he responded. There was a huge possibility he wouldn't because of who was talking to him. "Apollo?" I called. There was silence for a count of fifteen, then: "What?" I sighed heavily. I should've thought this through better. I wasn't going to apologize, because I wasn't sorry, but I'm sure that's what he wanted to hear. "I…I may have taken it a little too far today with the teasing." Another pause, shorter this time. "And?" There it was. He was expecting an apology. I resisted giving him one. If it wasn't sincere, it wasn't an apology. "All right, I admit that I went too far this afternoon in the sword-fighting arena." I heard him snort. "You're terrible at this apology thing. You know, I may not have apologized to people, but I know what a proper one looks like." I let out a sharp sigh and shifted my feet, his implied arrogance getting to me. "Maybe because I'm not trying to apologize." "Oh, that makes me feel so much better." I lifted my fist, but held back from slamming it on the door. Or kicking the door down and charging in there. He probably wouldn't appreciate that very much. "Why are you even putting so much effort into bullying me, huh?" "I am not —" I started to protest indignantly. "Oh, please, spare me!" I opened my mouth to respond, but quickly swallowed that response and tried to get my emotions under control again, clenching my fists at my side so hard, my palms hurt. "Okay, I admit…I may…have let my emotions get in the way of being a mentor—" "More like tor mentor," Apollo muttered so quietly, I almost didn't catch it. It took all my willpower to ignore him. "I'll try to be better—" I broke off on the account of Apollo opening the door. He took a step closer to me, going toe-to-toe. "Save it," he snarled. "I know you're doing this on purpose. I know you get enjoyment out of teasing me and making fun of me. All because of what? Some old vendetta you have against me—" "How dare you," I interrupted him. "How dare you refer to my anger over my mom's death as just some 'old vendetta' against you!" "I told you already, I couldn't have done anything about that!" "And I've told you , that's not good enough!" "There are rules, the Ancient Laws, that prevent me from interfering with the mortal world too much. I can't do anything about that." "You've interfered before!" "That's not the same thing—" "Oh, don't give me that bullshit— You were a god!" Apollo jolted, blinking and took a step back. The wounded expression on his face, the hurt in his eyes was enough to make me feel guilty about what I'd said, of what I'd reminded him off. That hurt quickly turned into anger. "You're absolutely right. I was a god." He shoved past me and started toward the exit. I turned. "Apollo," I tried, trying to follow him. He glared at me over his shoulder. " Don't follow me." Apollo slammed the door as he left. I knew it would do no use to go after him again. As the moment passed and I was left to myself, I could feel my heart beating erratically in my chest. I lifted my hand up to see it trembling. I tried to take a deep breath and clenched my hands into fists as I lowered the one I'd held up. I really didn't want to have a panic attack right now. Not after that. I was carefully making my way over to my bunk when Will, Austin, and Kayla entered. They started asking me questions about what happened, why Apollo looked so angry (so I guess they'd seen him on his way out), what I said to him. I heard none of it because I was concentrating so hard on not having a panic attack. I sat down on the edge of my bed, the three kind of crowding around me, prompting me to answer, but I ignored them as I grabbed the pillow from my bed and set it in my lap, smoothing out all the wrinkles in the pillowcase. "Tori," Will said with enough force to get my attention. My gaze drifted up to meet his eyes. He looked concerned. "Are you okay?" I gave him a small smile before shoving the pillow in my face and screaming. It was almost lunch time and Apollo had been avoiding me since our fight. Not that I could blame him really. I was avoiding him as much as possible, too. Though I think Austin and Kayla were a little put out, because our dear, old father wasn't just avoiding me, he was avoiding all of us. Will was mad because it'd gone just as he'd expected and I hadn't listened to his warning. Anyway, Will wanted to make sure Apollo ate something before the three-legged death race, so we went to look for him. All three of my siblings tried to object at first. "I feel bad, okay," I told them. "I want to make amends." They were still reluctant, but allowed me to search for him. We split up and went to different areas of camp, staying away from the woods, of course. I wasn't expecting to find him, but as I was passing the archery range, I spotted a figure sitting in the meadow next to the range. They had their knees pulled up slightly to their chest and were holding something. They may have been staring at it, but I couldn't tell from this far away. I figured, since most of the camp was preparing for the death race, and bribing Harley, it was Apollo. I paused and took a deep breath before approaching him. As I