Wow, guys, so I made some decisions and this happened. Here goes nothing. (JK, here goes everything.) This is a sequel to my other story in the PJO-verse: It's the Perfect Story. I'm going to try my hardest to make it like a book series, where isn't necessarily required you read the one before it, but it is recommended so you know more about what's going in depth. That aside, shameless self-promotion, I totally recommend you go read it before reading this one. To the readers who've read ITPS, this will be taking place along the HOO timeline, but Tori will have a much bigger role to play. Also, it's going to be a tad bit darker than the first story, because of what Tori's gone through, and, well, especially what happened at the end of the last story. That shit doesn't just change you, it messes you up. Title and summary taken from OneRepublic's song, "Secrets." Hope you enjoy! "There is no refuge from memory and remorse in this world. The spirits of our foolish deeds haunt us, with or without repentance." Gilbert Parker Nothing's Common With Me I was reluctant to go on another rescue mission. Mostly because the past few I'd gone on had almost ended in disaster. Not that they usually didn't, but it almost seemed like the monsters were targeting me specifically. I couldn't fathom why, but it was starting to concern me. Not because I was afraid I was going to die, but because I was afraid the person I was supposed to be rescuing and/or the satyr that accompanied me was going to get hurt or die. The monsters that could talk went on about some kind of…reward or fame for being able to kill me, or somesuch, I wasn't really sure. I was more focused on staying alive than what they were saying, honestly. "The satyr stationed at that school had to leave for some urgent matter," Mr. D explained. "So another satyr will meet you outside. I expect a report as soon as possible after your return, etc., etc. You know the drill. Go." I kneeled. "Yes, My Lord." I said before straightening up and heading to the door. "Oh, and Miss Victoria," Mr. D called as I grasped the handle. I turned to look at him, but kept my hand on the knob. His eyes flashed with purple fire and I swallowed hard. "Don't forget about your swear on the Styx." I let go of the handle and turned to face Mr. D fully, bowing. "Yes, My Lord." I repeated before heading out, hoping he wouldn't stop me again. Mercifully, he was done. I probably should explain. Mr. D was Dionysus, the wine god. He was also our camp director. Our camp, Camp Half-Blood, was a safe place for demigods to reside. The only safe place, really. He was here "monitoring" us because Zeus was punishing him for chasing after a strictly off-limits nymph. Anyway, you usually didn't need to be so formal with them, but I had to be because that was my punishment. Long story short, I had defied the gods during the Second Titan War and they didn't appreciate that (of course, it's much more complicated than that, but who really wants to get into that right now?). They'd spared me—ha, I say spared—but my punishment was to be Mr. D's…well, I was kind of like a PA. A much more dangerous and deadly PA who carried at least two weapons on me at all times, that is. I had to do whatever he told me to do, and if I disobeyed, he was free to punish me however he liked, like turn me into a dolphin. But I also knew he was capable of much worse. So I didn't push my luck. As I left the porch and made my way to the armory to grab a bow and quiver of arrows, I had to wonder why Mr. D had reminded me of my vow. See, I had to swear on the Styx I wouldn't go around blabbing about my punishment to others. I don't know why (it's not like I wanted to anyway), but it was part of my agreement/contract, so I abided. My half-siblings had to abide by that rule as well. They only knew because it was impractical to keep such a big secret from the people I lived with and saw on a regular basis. I'm a child of Apollo by the way, so I reside in the Apollo cabin when I'm not out running missions or errands Mr. D sends me on. Also, I was excellent at archery and was only getting better and better with all the training and practice I was obtaining through said missions and errands. My sword and dagger were already in their proper places—sword at my waist, dagger in an ankle sheath. I was fairly good with those weapons as well because I trained hard with them. About as hard as I trained with my bow and arrows. When I acquired a bow and quiver, I jogged back to Half-Blood Hill. It marked the border that protected this valley from monsters and human eyes. There was a pine tree at the crest with the Golden Fleece hanging from its lowest bough. Normal people had guard dogs. We had a guard dragon who was currently wrapped around the trunk of the tree, snoozing, smoke puffing like his nostrils in the cold night air. Standing off to the side was a figure—probably the satyr that Mr. D had told me would be accompanying me. When I finally got to the top I froze in shock. "Grover," I said in astonishment. He smiled and gave a weak wave. I hadn't seen him in a long time. Not since—well, it doesn't matter; I just hadn't seen him for a while. Or spoken to him, really. And this may or may not have been due to the fact that I had been avoiding him, but that's really not the point. I did, however, realize suddenly why Mr. D had reminded me of my promise. "Hey, uh…" He stuttered over his words for a moment. "Victoria." He must've heard from someone. Once upon a time, I preferred my nickname, Tori, over my full name. After everything that'd transpired that led to my punishment, I stopped using it. I only allowed certain people to call me by my nickname now. I let my half-siblings do so, because they stood by me, we were family. But they also respected that I didn't exactly like to go by that anymore. "Are you…coming with me?" I asked. Grover nodded. "Shouldn't you be…you know doing Lord of the Wild things?" "I found a break in my schedule." The satyr shrugged. "Thought I'd…help. For old time's sake." "You mean the feeling of imminent death?" I was only half-joking. With me around, there was no telling which monster was going to show up and ruin something routine and relatively easy/safe. Or what should be easy/safe. "Camp's also low on satyrs, what with so many new half-bloods being found and claimed," Grover explained. I wasn't sure that was quite true, but I wasn't going to question him either. We had more pressing matters to attend to currently. We were wasting time chatting. "Shall we go—?" I broke off on account of a dragon snout nudging me from behind, nearly knocking me over. I turned to face Peleus, who huffed, shooting steams of smoke out his nostrils. I reached up and patted his nose. "Hey, Peleus." He huffed again. "I can't, I've got to go. But, maybe when I get back, okay?" Peleus snorted and pulled his head away, curling back around the tree again. It was hard to tell, but it looked like he was pouting. "Come on," I said, turning back to Grover briefly before making my way down the hill. Argus, a guy who looked like your stereotypical surfer dude from California, who also had eyes covering the entirety of his body (he only showed the two where humans had their eyes, most of the time), was waiting by the van that was going to take us into the city and to the school. Grover quickly caught up with me. "What was that all about? Do you feed him or something?" he asked. "No, I…I sing to him," I admitted a little embarrassed. I had nightmares. A lot. "Sometimes, when I can't sleep, I sneak up to the hill and sing. He grew to really like that. He also keeps the harpies away, so I can sit up there as long as I like after curfew." "Oh." "Yeah." We got to the van and I was about to slide in, but paused before turning to face Grover. "Look, if you don't want to come, I totally understand," I told him. "I know we're not on the best of terms, and we haven't really talked about everything that…um, happened, but I'd understand if you weren't expecting me and want to go back to being Lord of the Wild." Grover's eyes widened in surprise. "No, that's not—Tori, I don't—" He broke off, noticing my flinch at the use of my nickname. "Uh, in any case, I don't…well, I mean, I don't blame you if that's what you're thinking. I don't think you're a traitor. I don't hate you. In fact, if you'd like, we can be friends." Oh. A friend. That was such a foreign concept to me these days. "I'd like that," I finally said. "Thank you." Argus cleared his throat and I looked at him. He tapped his watch. "You're right. We really should be heading." I slid into the van and Grover followed suit. As Argus drove, I started to undo my hair from its Dutch braid that started on the left side of my head and went diagonally across the back of my head to rest over my right shoulder. I used this hairstyle when I was at camp. When I was on missions, I put it into a milkmaid braid. I used to have a pixie-cut, but, once again, after everything that transpired after the Second Titan War, I grew it out. Long before that, I had had it long, but then decided to shear it all off. Now, I'd decided to grow it out again. I put it into a milkmaid braid because that provided the monsters less to grab onto during a fight, less to get caught on something, etc. Two of the Aphrodite kids, Mitchell and Lacy, had helped me…on the sly. When it came to doing hair and make-up I was at a total loss. However, the head counselor of the Aphrodite cabin, Drew, had instructed the rest of the cabin that I was Public Enemy #1—also because of the events that transpired during the war—and that meant they weren't allowed to interact with me. Ever. Mitchell and Lacy were nicer than most children of Aphrodite, they'd given me a chance to explain my circumstances, tell them my side of the story. So when I'd gone to them for some hair help, they gave me instructions without Drew's knowledge and I practiced until I had mastered doing my own hair. "I mean," Grover started, breaking the silence. I looked over at him as I finished up the braid—having done it so many times, I could put it up into either of those two braids in no time flat. "I've just had a lot of time to think about the events surrounding the Titan War and your…um, situation. And I just, well, I can't…" His voice lowered to a whisper and I stiffened. "I can't even begin to imagine losing Juniper." Juniper was his girlfriend, a nymph. Grover was silent for a moment. My heart beat irregularly. My demons rattled in their cage, and I became painfully aware of the ache in my chest. I had managed to block it out until