Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson A/N: Watching a video, made by krs19911, about Thalia and Luke on YouTube inspired me to write this. (Link will be on my website and promo video—link to my website will be at the top of my profile page.) Super short story , AU (Annabeth doesn't travel with them, to name one) third POV, Luke/Thalia, takes place before and during The Lightning Thief, cross between the book and the movie (they'll all be older, like in the movies, for example). Also, I have not yet read The Lost Hero (I know shocker, right?) so sorry if I get some facts wrong. Hope you enjoy! Trust is like a vase… once it's broken, though you can fix it, the vase will never be the same again. ~ Unknown Thalia—a lithe, strong, nine-year-old girl, with short black hair and a splash of freckles across her nose—crept down the hallway, taking light steps, because she knew the floors creaked. When she got to her mother's bedroom she peeked around the doorframe to see what her mother was doing. The scene she saw reminded her of movies she'd seen when she was younger. Her mom was sitting in a recliner, the back facing Thalia, the front facing the TV, which was currently featuring an infomercial about a blender that "could do everything!" The volume was low, the words like a buzzing in Thalia's ear. One of her mother's hands hung from the side, loosely holding an empty liquor bottle. Thalia could hear her mom's soft snoring. Good , she thought pulling away and tip-toeing back down the hallway and to her room. She closed the door and locked it, before turning and leaning against it. She took a deep breath to calm her pounding heart. Tonight was the night she was going to sneak out. She needed to escape this place. It wasn't home anymore. Jason had been the only thing keeping her here and now he was gone. Dead. Thalia's hand balled into a fist, slamming down against the door. Tears quickly filled her eyes. It was all her mother's fault! She wasn't even responsible enough to look after her brother while Thalia went to go get the picnic basket. It had only taken a couple of minutes! Their mother couldn't even look after him from that long? Thalia blinked and the tears rolled down her cheeks. She quickly reached up to wipe them away. She was going to do this. It was clear her mother didn't care about Jason, so why should she care about Thalia? Taking another deep breath, Thalia straightened up and looked around her spotless room. It felt cold and foreign to her now. She double checked to make sure that she had her metal, chain bracelet that transformed into Aegis—a shield with the face of Medusa engraved in it—and her spear for the monsters that weren't babies and ran away from the sight of her shield. She wasn't taking anything but those two items and the clothes on her back: a black tee underneath a black leather jacket with buttons from her favorite bands, and black, ripped jeans. This had, more or less, been a last minute decision. Besides, a backpack would weigh her down. She needed speed and agility. Thalia unlocked and opened her door again. She stuck her head out, looking up and down the hallway. She was taking no chances tonight. She slipped out and closed her door once again before sneaking down the hall to the front door. Half-way through opening the door, however, Thalia realized that the TV in her mother's bedroom was no longer buzzing about blenders. She froze, the blood in her veins running cold. She started silently praying. She was only sneaking out because she hadn't wanted to make it harder than it already was. If her mother found out, there might be yelling and door slamming before Thalia took off. That wasn't the ideal quiet escape she'd been imagining. Thalia relaxed though, when nothing happened for a few moments. Just to make sure, she forced her head to turn and look down the hallway. It was swallowed in darkness. No sound came from her mother's bedroom now. Thalia turned back and swiftly headed out and down the sidewalk. The night was chilly. The stars twinkled against the black sky, cold and bright. The moon was just a silver sliver hanging, not giving much light. But Thalia didn't feel the cold; her eyesight not at all hampered in the dim moonlight. She walked with purpose down the street, quick and silent, without a single backward glance as the house she used to call a home disappeared slowly, but surely. Thalia was hungry. No, not hungry… ravished . She was ravished. She hadn't eaten in just over three days now. Fighting off monsters she'd happen across wasn't helping either. Her energy level was flat-lining. She needed food. She needed water. But she didn't have any cash on her. Thalia cursed silently. It'd been going so well for her for the past three years. Why did this town have to be different that the others? She crossed her arms and glared out of the alley she was sitting in. It wasn't the ideal resting place, but she needed to stop or she'd keel over. The sun was just setting, turning the sky a dark blue. Few people were out and about, walking periodically on the sidewalks, right past Thalia, not noticing her at all. She wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing. Thalia's stomach growled. "Just shut up." she grumbled looking back at the brick wall opposite of her. In the past she'd usually sit out on the sidewalk with a little can to collect money in, and look like a helpless, homeless, little girl (and sometimes she'd con them out of cash). That got her at least twenty bucks for the day. But this city apparently didn't feel bad for their homeless because nobody was giving her anything. She thought about stealing from someone, but she couldn't get herself to do it. There was only two ways that she could steal a wallet from a person: hold them up with her spear, or pickpocket them. She didn't know how to pickpocket and holding them up seemed like a sure-fire way to end up in jail. Thalia just wasn't going to risk it. Loud barking snapped her out of her brooding. She crawled over to the entrance of the alley and peeked out to her right just in time to see a golden retriever jumping up on a man in a suit. Its tail was wagging and it was barking excitedly. The man was on the phone didn't look too happy about his new-found friend. "Get off! Get off me!" the man shouted trying to pull away from the dog. "Hey! Hey—Hold on a sec, Scott." he yelled into his phone. "Whose dog is this!" Just as he said this, two people, a man and woman, came rushing up to the suit dude. The man held a red leash in his hand. "Rose!" the girl called as the guy grabbed the dog's collar and yanked. Rose resisted, still pulling toward the suited man and barking loudly. "What is that mangy mutt doing off his leash! You should be ashamed of yourselves!" the guy yelled, his face red. "I'm sorry sir." the girl quickly mended as his boyfriend, Thalia assumed, wrestled with Rose. "I guess the leash broke. We apologize—" "I don't want your apologies!" the suit guy snapped. "How inconsiderate is that? Letting your dog attack me! You should be lucky that I'm not going to press charges!" "Hey, no need to be that way, dude!" The other guy popped in, standing up for his girl, letting Rose slip from his grasp. She jumped excited onto the suit guy again. That had been his breaking point. He jabbed his knee into the dog's chest and she veered back whimpering. Both the woman and man started objected and calling animal abuse, but the suit guy was already walking off, bringing his phone back to his ear. "Sorry, Scott. Some couple's stupid dog." he muttered. Thalia stood up, gripping her spear in her right hand tightly. Well, robbing him wouldn't be a crime, would it? She asked herself. He did hurt that dog. Rose was just having fun. There was no need to kick her. And the couple had tried to apologize. Thalia was just about to step out when she spotted a boy, who looked about her age (maybe two years older than her), coming toward the suit guy. He was a little taller than her, kind of… lanky in her opinion, wearing jeans, and a t-shirt underneath a faded green jean jacket. His blond hair was in slight disarray. She stopped short and watched as the kid walked into the angry, suit man. "Watch it kid!" the suit guy growled pulling back slightly and hurriedly shuffling past. "Some people are just so self-centered." he told his friend Scott. Thalia's eyes watched the guy go, still debating on whether or not she was going to rob him, when she heard a low chuckle. Her eyes strayed back to the blond-haired boy. He, too, was watching the guy walk away but had a mischievous, triumphant grin on his face. His blue eyes shined and Thalia could just hear him say, "Sucker!" Thalia's eyes narrowed and she noticed something in his hands. Something black, small… a wallet! Did this kid just steal that guy's wallet? Where had he learned the skills? Thalia shook herself. No time for that. Maybe she didn't need to rob an innocent person (as mean as that suit guy had been). She could just take the wallet from this boy. It was kind of like Robin Hood. Except she was stealing from the stealer to give to the poor. Shrugging, at her train of thought, Thalia stepped out of the alley. He was too busy admiring his work to notice her come up behind him and when he turned he came face to face with her spear's tip. She didn't care if people were possibly watching. She was desperate. Her stomach was shrieking, Feed me! Feed me! Thalia held out her free hand, palm up. "Hand it over, kid." she ordered. The boy's eyes widened innocently, not very fazed at the fact that she was holding him a spear point… or whatever he saw through the Mist. Thalia ignored this. "What do you mean?" he asked acting clueless. "You know exactly what I mean. The wallet. Hand it over. Now ." she barked again, becoming inpatient. If this boy didn't do as she said things weren't going to be very pretty. "Oh, this!" the boy exclaimed holding up the small, square, black thing. Thalia nodded slowly. He shoved it into his pocket. "No way. This is mine. I plan to keep it." Thalia snorted. "I saw you take it from that jerk on the phone." She stepped closer to him, the arrow tip almost brushing the boy's throat. "Now hand it over. I'm not going to ask again." The boy's hands shot up in surrender. "Hey, I'm with you." Thalia's eyebrows knit together. "Half-blood, right? What's your name?" Thalia scrutinized this blond haired boy for a second before dropping her spear and trying not the blush. She probably should've known he was a half-blood too. "I am Thalia, daughter of Zeus." "I'm Luke." Luke introduced, shoving his hands into his pockets. "Son of…" Thalia prodded. Luke paused for a moment, like it was hard for him to say who it was. "Hermes." Well, that explains the stealing, Thalia thought. "You look hungry. Why don't we get a bite to eat." Luke suggested. "My treat." He grinned waving the freshly stolen wallet. Thalia rolled her eyes but agreed. Another half-blood companion sounded nice (and the food too). Now she had someone