Hey guys! I was asked by a few people who loved Carlisle in The Missing to please write something from his point of view, so here you go. I do hope you enjoy. Thank you to my beta, Darcysmom. My prereaders, Nikki, everydaybella,cullenboyz and Lynz. All mistakes are mine, As usual, none of this is mine and no copyright infringement intended. I will leave you to read. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~ I watched my son's face crumple in pain as he begged us to leave. I watched him deliver a speech so well rehearsed that he couldn't hide the fact that this was killing him on the inside. I could see the storm that was brewing in his eyes, the choices and agony that were tearing him apart. They left me selfishly torn as well. Despite the warning bells that were ringing so loudly deep inside me, I'd stand by my son. But where does this leave me with my newfound daughter? What about her? Where was her choice in all of this? Edward's decision was like a newly sharpened knife cutting through the freshly made family I once proudly held together. As the family began to formulate plans for our departure, I was left alone in my study, wondering about the special, human girl that I had grown to call my daughter. I wondered if she would be okay, if she would forget us after everything, and, hopefully, forgive us for what has transpired. I selfishly didn't want her to forget us, but even I knew she would be deeply hurt by us leaving. She was losing her mate and a part of her heart. I knew what it felt like to have to leave a mate behind. I knew deep down that no good would come of this separation for Edward and Bella. They had always been fated to be. And yet, I couldn't bring myself to turn my back on my son, the son I had saved, the son I had turned all those years ago. Torn. I was so unbelievably torn. I was still leaving family behind, even if the best of intentions were behind it. It didn't feel right. Not at all. Her blood that was spilled the other night, the scent of it hung around the house like a burial shroud, reminding me of the fragility of human existence and Fate's cruel hand. And yet, that pivotal second that decided her fate, also handed her a punishment. She was losing all of us, all due to one single drop of blood. I looked around my study and pulled certain books from my shelves and placed them into boxes. It felt so empty to be doing so. I never should have had to do this. My frozen heart wanted to at least stop by her house and say goodbye to my last daughter, but my head told me not to. I had to lessen the hurt somehow, and this—sadly—was my way of doing it. A part of me knew that if we all said goodbye, it would just harden the blow that much more. I hated myself for it. Our flight up to Alaska to visit the Denali's was quiet and reserved. No one in my family talked, and we were all missing a key member. Edward. I couldn't bring myself to imagine the hurt he must be feeling right now after leaving his mate. Bella and Edward shared something special, that even with my past with Esme, I highly doubted that even I knew the depth of the pain he was now feeling. I hoped that he wouldn't stay away from her for long, but I worried this would be the end of them both. My eyes roamed over each member of my family and finally landed on Esme. She was entirely too quiet as she looked out of the plane window. It was times like these that I wished I had Edward's talent of reading minds, but deep down, I had an inkling as to what my wife and mate was feeling. She was probably thinking along the same lines that I was. That we had failed our son and daughter, that we should have fought more, but what could we have done? Edward had always stood by our sides whenever something went wrong for one of us, I couldn't deny him this. I felt that I owed him. I was stuck between a rock and hard place. I secretly agreed with Edward's thoughts and reasons that Bella did not belong in our world, but because she was his mate I never said anything. And now, I had to give my son what he needed, even at the expense of hurting my last daughter. She probably felt as lost and heartbroken as I did after having lost two of our family. She probably feared, just as I had, that our family was forever broken. I wanted to hold her, console her, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. My own selfish hurt was all I wanted to wallow in at that moment. I've never felt such crushing emotions before, and I've never shied away from holding my wife. It seemed that I was failing everyone, not just Edward or Bella, but everyone. I had nothing to offer them. Usually I was the thinker, the one who planned things out for our family, but I had nothing. I was just...empty. Once we landed in Denali, we made our way to our cabin. Everyone went their own ways, not a word spoken between us. As I sat down, the quiet became suffocating. My fingers itched to call Edward and tell him that he needed to fix this, but I owed my son to at least let him do what he thought was right. I couldn't meddle, no matter how much I wanted to. I doubted that I could even make him change his mind anyway. He was long gone, doing whatever he thought he could do. It hurt my heart to know that he felt he couldn't be with us, stay with us, when he so obviously needed us the most. As I stared at the wall in front of me, my mind wandered to Isabella. I wondered what she was doing and if she was okay. The longer I stared, the more I came to miss the new daughter I had come to love as my own. And yet, despite that new found love for a new daughter, I failed her. I failed her as a father and a friend. I couldn't shield her from the heartbreak, I couldn't save her from the hurt that our family had caused her. I wouldn't be there to hold her, comfort her, talk to her. I didn't even say goodbye. As days passed, the farther I seemed to drift from my family and my sense of being. My worry over Edward and Bella eclipsed everything. Deep down I knew that this had to be fixed, but what could I possibly do? Could I bring myself to betray my son and his wishes, just to mold this family back together again? Could I bring myself to go back to Forks and beg Isabella to forgive us and help us when it comes to Edward? It was selfish of me to want to do those things, but my heart knew that Isabella was the key to my family, and I couldn't lose my son. My hands grabbed at my phone a few times, Isabella's number coming up often and me closing the phone back up again, unsure if I should even place the call. Surely, she must hate us by now since none of us said goodbye. We owed her that, and we selfishly kept it from her. Eventually, my heart hurt and my brain wouldn't shut off with my worries and stresses, that I gave in and went to my love, my wife, Esme, and broke down and mourned the family that had fallen apart right in front of me. We held each other, and we whispered words of love and encouragement to one another as she ran her hands through my hair and kissed me wherever her lips could reach. I let myself drown in her love as resolve and determination grew in me. I would somehow make things right with Bella and Edward. I would bring this family to where it needs to be and should always be. Failure was not an option. ~.~ It was now two months since we had left Forks and our daughter behind. Two months of wondering, waiting, and hoping. Two months of no contact from Edward. Alice would get glimpses, but nothing solid to really go on. My heart was shattered the longer he stayed away. Another snowstorm had taken over Denali as I stared out the window, wondering what my son and daughter were doing, where they were, who they were with. If they were okay, or if they needed me. I missed both of them more than I ever thought possible. I let out a heavy sigh as my phone went off in my hand, the vibration never letting up. I answered to an obviously shaken Alice. "We need to go. We need to see her. Now, Carlisle. I don't care what Edward says or wanted." "What if she doesn't want to see us, Alice? There isn't much I can do, if that ends up being the case." Alice sighed. "Trust me, Carlisle. We need to see her. I can't see everything, but I know that this will be the catalyst to bring everyone home. But right now, right now I see a very scared girl hopping on the back of motorbike in Port Angeles. I honestly don't know what to make of it." Home. I could bring them home. That small, simple word...home, spurred me to get a move on. I grabbed my phone, quickly booking flights to Seattle and booking a rental car to drive to Forks. When we had left Forks in September, I never thought we would come back. I had hoped for it, wished for it even, but never thought we would ever actually be back. As I drove past the welcome to Forks sign, I was glad for it. I would at least get to see my daughter again, if only for a little while. Charlie's house was dark when we pulled up, his cruiser gone. Christmas lights hung in the window as a lone human's heart beat let us know that Bella was home. I am not sure how long I stood out there on the front steps with my hand poised to knock on her front door as nerves set in. Eventually, I gave in and knocked, and as I waited, my hope for a future began to take a slow building hold. I listened as Bella made her way down the stairs, she let a sharp intake of breath when she looked out the peephole before opening the door. Immediately, I wanted to grab her into my arms and hold her. She looked so exhausted and frail. I wanted to tell her that I was here to make everything okay again, that I was going to fix him and bring her mate home to her, that I was going to do a better job than I had before. I wasn't going to let her down this time. Her eyes roamed and grew wide as she took my presence in, taking notice of the remaining family members waiting out in the cars. I watched the hope dim in her eyes once she realized that Edward was not with us. Her shoulders slumped in defeat as she opened the door wider to allow me to come in. I silently followed her in to her living room. It was awkward and no one knew just where to begin. Not even the all-knowing Alice could tell me what to do or say in this situation.