Hello guys! Here is my Fandom for mental health piece. This was an absolutely wonderful cause and a great thing to be a part of. I may, at a later date, add on to this once I finish all the rest of my wips. Thank you to those who donated and have already read this piece. For those who haven't, I hope you enjoy. Thank you to my lovely Beta, Kyla713, and thank you to Mina for the lovely banner. Epov The loud hum of the engine going full throttle between my legs was oddly comforting as I pushed my bike to go faster, harder as I made my way down the highway, dangerously swerving in between cars and trucks. I looked back, taking notice of the other bikes behind me, my brothers who haven't left my side in the last few years. There was Emmett and Jasper coming up to my right side, with Carlisle approaching on my left. We'd been riding for days, all the way up from Texas, and now we were just an hour outside of Seattle. Closer to her. The last time I saw her, I was twenty-nine, done being a prospect, and had just been fully taken into my MC's fold. The Rebels. When I first walked into Charlie's pub and set my eyes on her long legs, great ass and heart-shaped face that held eyes that were as dark as the deepest chasm. She hated me instantly. The way she narrowed her eyes at me, bit her lip and turned around to walk away, made me that much more certain that I was to make her mine. She fought me, turned me down at every turn. Her daddy would occasionally send a glare my way if he saw me in the many times I came to Charlie's bar for a beer. I knew he didn't approve. I could sense it in the way he looked at me and just muttered under his breath each time he walked off. Eventually, though, I was able to wear my Iz down. It was the night of her twenty-first birthday and her father was holding a party in her honor, while still allowing patrons to come in. I made sure I was there. I walked in, my eyes scanning the place, when I laid eyes on her downing a shot of clear liquid, most likely Vodka, with her girls. She sat the glass down and shook her head in disgust, and then laughed as the bartender filled her up with another. I calmly walked over to her, pulled her hair gently to get her attention. The girls that surrounded her all looked away, like they knew shit was gonna go down, when my Iz laid her eyes on me, looked me up and down, and said, " 'Bout time you showed up, E." That night changed a lot of things. We finally confessed our feelings, and she let her guard down. She fought her dad, told him she didn't care what he said—she was still going to be with me. We were together for a year, before all hell broke loose and I shattered the only woman I ever truly loved, and she never got to hear those three words from me. So now, there I was, back in the same bar, staring at the same girl that stole my heart ten years before. I sat at the bar, refusing to allow some dude with poorly dyed hair, spiked all to hell, to serve me a pint. Instead, I waited on the girl with a heart-shaped face to serve me. She made me wait a while, walking by me several times, and with every pass, her lips were turned up in a devilish smile that seemed to stir something deep inside of me, making me want to know just how bad she could be. Finally, after what seemed like hours, she came up to the bar and stood in front of me. Her long brown hair falling over her shoulders as she confidently looked at me before asking me what she could get me. My mind was instantly clogged with one dirty thought after another. For instance, the urge to tell her that she could walk around the bar, hop on my lap and let me have my way with her was strong, but instead I muttered, "Newcastle, darlin'." She placed my drink in front of me and turned around. I watched her hair swing down her back as she began to sort the shelves. "Ten years, Iz," I said, my voice sounding gruff. Iz stood with her back to me, so I couldn't gage what her facial reaction could be, but her body seemed to lock up, her hands clenched up as she stopped wiping down the shelf. I sat there, sipping my cold beer and wondering what was going through her mind. I wanted her to confirm that yeah, it had been ten years, but that she was glad to see me. Which even I knew was a lie. She finally turned around, and what I saw crushed me. She looked broken. Lost and completely broken. Her eyes seemed so vacant, glassy with unshed tears as she looked at me, shook her head, and walked away. I stared down at my drink, a million thoughts cruising through my head. Ten years was a long time. I didn't see a ring on her finger, but I was sure someone snatched her up. She'd always been beautiful. At thirty-nine years old and having lived through hell, I was slowly realizing just how much I was living half a life. I could only remain content with the road and my bike, along with the club, for so long. Something was missing. It was the one thing that was always missing and had been for ten years. My Iz. Taking the last dregs of my beer, I sat the glass further away from me, hoping to signal Iz for another. As I waited, I thought back to that last night, that last moment, that last kiss. The phone rang, and it was one of those calls that you just know isn't good news, but I answered it anyway and instantly regretted it. It was the one time that I wished that I had chosen my loyalty for my woman over my club. " It's done," my chapter's president's voice came through, hushed almost, and then the line went dead. My heart began beating in a frenzy as my breathing faltered. I knew the plan, I knew what I was supposed to do as a prospect, but I stood there, still as a statue. " Hey, babe," Iz yelled from down the hall. "Are we still meeting everyone at the bar?" And my heart shattered. I had completely forgotten that we were due to meet up with friends to celebrate Charlie's birthday, and now, I was going to have to leave. What do you say to the girl who is everything to you, that this is goodbye? I started grabbing things, not having a care as to what they were, and threw them in a bag in front of me. I exhaled slowly as I took in the room that I shared with Iz, in our apartment, and I wondered to myself if it was all worth it, if I'd make it back to fix things with her. My boots sounded loud as I stomped down the stairs, swinging my cut on as I then threw the now full bag over my shoulder. " I can't make it, Iz." Her eyes were what gave her away. They dimmed of all happiness and I saw that she knew this was goodbye. She nodded her head and stared down at the floor, and I said nothing else. I just walked past her, away from everything good in my life, and out into a new future that I had no business pursuing. All because of me wanting to belong, wanting a family, and doing anything and everything to achieve that. If only I had known then what I do now, I wouldn't have any regrets. Funny how memories work. They come and bite you in the fucking ass when you least expect it. I used to always joke with Iz that she would always be my memory. She thought I was stupid for saying such a thing, but it was the truth. She was the first thing that always popped into my head, no matter where I was or what I was doing. She was the only thing I was capable of thinking of. Yeah, I realize I sound like a certified stalker here, but I'm far from it. It was the result of ten years of thinking of her, wanting her. Ten years of living with a regret I never wanted on my shoulders. The douche with the bad hair was back. He slid a fresh beer in front of me, and then stood there behind the bar, arms crossed and just staring at me. Fuck this. "Can I help you, pretty boy?" I asked, throwing a bit of attitude his way. "You're Edward, aren't you?" he replied, eyes turning into slits. "That would be me." I took a gulp, set my drink back down, and went right back to glaring at the fucker. "Why come back?" Douche's stance was all 'I think I'm tough as fuck, but I'm really just a wimp who can't hold his own', as he looked down at me. "Well, I figured my Iz was due a visit from me." I came off a bit too cocky, but hey, if it got the point across... "Well, you and your group can get gone. Don't need you here. Don't want you here. And I'm sure as hell betting that my Iz doesn't want you here, either." His Iz? What the fuck is this asshole smoking? "Your Iz?" Just as I asked that, I noticed Charlie out of the corner of my eye, walking toward the bar and looking pissed as all hell. "Jacob, son, shut the fuck up and go back to the back and restock." So doucheboy has a name. I took another long gulp of my beer before looking back at Jacob. "You might want to go and do what you're told. Wouldn't want to piss off her daddy." The asshole flipped me off before walking into the back, Charlie then taking his place. "You here to fuck up my daughter's heart again, boy?" Charlie's gruff voice met my ears, and it was in that moment that I noticed just how much he'd changed. More gray hair, skinnier than the last time I saw him. "I don't plan to. Not that I planned to then, either." My answer was a fucked up excuse, a sad as hell excuse, and I knew it. I doubted Charlie would buy it, but it was all I had. "Don't think she's gonna talk to you. You did a number on my girl." Fuck. "This is me trying, hoping to make shit right, Charlie. I'll just have to keep coming back every night again, just like last time, until she talks to me again." "Or kicks your ass out like she did that one time you touched her ass and she didn't approve," he replied, laughing. "We've missed you around here. I wanted better for you, but if the MC is where you wanted to be…" He threw his hands up and shrugged, a classic Charlie mannerism. "It is. It was." I sighed, rubbing my hand across my forehead for taking another gulp of my beer. "It's so fucking complicated." "Most things in life usually are." Charlie then placed another beer in front of me. "That one is on the house. I'll go and see if can get her to at least say hi or tell you to fuck off." I chuckled, shaking my head. She always was good at telling