The day before the reaping is always a quiet day in my house. Actually, every day is a quiet one. Dad's usually too drunk to be loud, and Mom sulks about things that I don't care about. Being an only child has it's ups and downs. Dressing quickly in a plain forest green shirt and brown pants, I quietly walk downstairs to find something to eat before heading to my hour of school. There's not much left to learn at 15, and most of my time is spent in the forests, chopping down trees and cutting them into logs. School goes by quickly, teaching me nothing I can remember. As I'm exiting the building, six sixteen year olds walk up to me, looking intimidating. At 15, I shouldn't be much smaller than them, but unfortunately, I am. "Get out of my way." I say, half pleading. "You do know that 10 year olds have to stay in school for another 3 hours, right?" A broad auburn haired boy, the leader, says. "Yes Erik, you should keep that in mind so you don't get in trouble with the teachers." I say, rolling my eyes. Erik smirks, his bug-like eyes squirming with pleasure. Sadly, I'm all bark and no bite. Soon I'll have another black eye, or worse. Suddenly I feel a large hand on my shoulder "Does it make you feel good to pick on people?" A smooth voice asks. Jackson comes out of nowhere, my saviour with shaggy black hair. "Jackson, get your big mouth out of here." A girl named Willow snaps. Jackson grins at me, his big blue eyes playful. "Just... Excuse us." Jackson steers me towards the exit again. For some reason those six don't try to mess with me with Jackson around. Maybe it has to do with his height, which is nearly six feet tall. Or maybe it's the fact that he knocked out two of Erik's back teeth before. "Thanks, Jackson."'I finally turn to look up at him. "No problem, Jo." My best friend nods and steers me towards the square where we gather to head for the woods. I grab a sharp, heavy ax. Jackson picks up an even bigger one. "Show off," I smirk, nudging him with the ax handle. "Don't be jealous, dear." He flicks his blonde hair out of his face and I resist smiling. Jackson and I work together on a small, smooth, white birch tree. We quickly fell it after clearing the area. That's when I hear someone shout, "Look out!" Everything happened in a flash. Jackson looks over and his eyes widen. He runs the short distance to me and snatches me up, diving. He covers my body with his, and that's when I realize the large oak tree that we've been working on just fell. As the tree falls all the way we hear, "JACKSON, HEL-" and then a scream gets cut off. "Bas!" Jackson stands up and bellows. We both saw it. The tree fell directly on top of a fear frozen 11 year old. To be exact, Jackson's little brother. Biting down hard on my lip, Jackson and I sprint to the tree. "Bas?" Jackson says desperately. No response. More kids have run over and start looking for sweet little Bas. "HERE! Over here!" A nice girl named Luci calls. Jackson races over and I brace myself before following. Bas is trapped between thick branches, his face scratched and blooded. There was no doubt that he was already gone. Slowly, Jackson sinks to his knees, shaking violently. "Get back to work!" A peacekeeper shouts. More arrive, shoving kids back to their jobs. Four others clear branches to dispose of Bas. Before the peacekeepers decide to whip Jackson or something, I put his arm around my shoulders and stand. "Jack, c'mon. We have to at least look like we're working." I say urgently. He shuffles along beside me, gripping his ax tightly. Absentmindedly, he begins to chop a tree and I start hacking limbs off the birch. After a half hour, the peacekeeper squad has cleared the branches enough to lift Bas's limp body onto a stretcher and they'll deliver him in a coffin to the Kildred family. Jackson's eyes follow them as they carry him to their vehicle. "Jackson I'm so sorry-" I begin. "No. Sorry wont change what they did to him." He says in rage. It's never good when he gets angry. I move closer to him, "Shush!" I say fiercely. "If we weren't forced to do this, he wouldn't have been there! He would've been at home!" He whispers angrily to me, his jaw tightening. "Two people can't change history, Jack." I snort. "Don't underestimate hope, Jo. It's stronger than it appears." He whispers close to my mouth, which despite the circumstances, make me blush slightly. Suddenly I remember who was chopping that tree. Who was responsible for clearing the area. Someone who failed to follow instructions, causing death. "No..." I whisper. "What?" Jackson asks, confused. Should I tell him? He'd be furious. But he deserves to know. Gripping his shoulders I tell him, "Jackson, Erik and his pals were the ones chopping that oak. They didn't clear the area." I mutter. I feel Jackson's muscles tense up, his face turning red with anger. "They killed him. His blood is on their hands." He yanks my hands from his shoulders. "Nothing you can do will change what happened." I try to calm him down. He shakes his head and stomps off. This is not good. "ERIK!" He calls, rage seething through his voice. Erik hesitantly appears. "What do you want, Kildred?" He asks, crossing his arms. "I'll kill you! YOU killed my brother! YOU didn't clear the area." Jackson jabs his hand into Erik's chest, hard. "Whoa! It was an accident." Erik braces himself and shoves Jackson back. Bad move. Before I can process what is happening, Jackson has Erik pinned to the ground. Erik's nose is broken and bleeding, his cheek already starting to swell. Peacekeepers hear the commotion and start to come over. Willow walks over to me and calls, "Kildred, get off Erik and I won't hurt her." What is she talking about? I wonder. Jackson looks up but knees Erik in the side instead. Too late, Willow slams me against the tree and jabs me in the ribs with her elbow. "Stop!" I squirm. A peacekeeper pulls her away from me, two more, no three, holding Jackson back."One day your girlfriend won't have you around. You can't always protect her. And you couldn't even keep your brother alive," Erik shouts at him. Four peacekeepers have to hold Jackson back now. "Everyone go home... NOW!" They start saying. "Ill take Jackson home, I'll keep him out of trouble, I swear." I plead with the keepers. They just ignore me and put him in their truck, but they do allow me to ride with drop off Jackson and I at his house. Inside, Mr. Kildred is crying quietly inside the dim lit cabin. I squeeze Jackson's hand before he walks over to his dad. Apparently he knows about Bas already. They embrace and cry together, and I release my own tears. Jackson extends his hand and draws me to the both of them. One can only hope that Erik and Willow will be drawn for the Games tomorrow. Later that night, Jackson sneaks over to my house and we lay side by side on the roof. "Every time I close my eyes, all I can see is the tree... Crushing him." Jackson whispers. I can't bring myself to respond. "You know Erik's wrong, right? I'll always protect you. I won't let him hurt you." Jackson says urgently, moving to lay on his side, propping his head up on his hand. A smile crosses my face, "You can't always be there for me." I respond honestly. "But I want to be there for you. Forever." He whispers. "Jackson... Talk to me tomorrow, after the reaping ok?" I don't think I could bear the pain of losing him, especially knowing we were together. "We may not HAVE tomorrow, but ok. Goodnight, Jo, I'll see you tomorrow." He presses his lips to my forehead, and caresses my cheek before climbing down from my house. Jackson's words echo in my head as soon as I wake up. Trying to ignore them, I quickly bathe and dress in what my mom laid out for me, a scarlet loose shirt with tan pants. Downstairs my dad lays in a chair in a drunken stupor. Mom is cleaning up broken glass of a plate he must've thrown. Brushing my short-ish hair behind my ear, I quietly eat a small loaf of bread with maple syrup on it. "Are you nervous about the reaping?" Mom asks. "What do you care?" I say harshly. My name is in the bowl 18 times. We were never so fortunate to be able to refuse the tesserae. "We do care about you, Johanna. You were always such a fighter. Being born early didn't stop you from living, despite the odds." Mom responds, reaching for Dad's bottle of liquor. Why didn't she ever tell me THAT before any of the other reapings? Frowning, I walk out to the square. The square is packed with people, young and old. We hear the tape about The Dark Days. Darta, District 7's escort, finally steps up to draw the names. She walks over to the bowl containing the boy's names. "Erik Holstein!" She calls out, beaming with a cosmetically altered perfect smile. Erik smirks bravely as he makes his way to the stage. As she walks to the girl's bowl, my heart pounds. Jackson is shooting me nervous glances, I must be pale. "And for the ladies we have- Johanna Mason!" As I take baby steps forward, other girls squeeze my hand, arm, shoulder. I'm going into the arena. With Erik. "NO!" Jackson shouts, infuriated. Pushing through the crowd, he races for me. I stop and wait for him to reach me. When he does, he pulls me protectively into his arms and pushes his lips against mine. My hand slides up to his cheek. "Don't stop fighting them, Johanna Mason. Don't ever stop fighting." He whispers when he pulls away. "I love you, Jackson." I pant, wishing I could kiss him again. Wishing last night I hadn't refused his words. My lips still felt the firm warmth of his. Two peacekeepers pull my shoulders roughly and Jackson lunges forward. One tackles him, punching his face to the side. "Don't hurt him!" I plead as they drag me towards the stage. They ignore me, one of them even kicking his head, causing it to bleed. Thankfully, he's unconscious now. It takes four of them to drag his large frame away, his black hair flattened against his head by his own blood. Those blue eyes, likely to never open again. Tears well up in my eyes as I'm forced to walk up the stairs. Shaking hands with your district partner is what is expected, so I do. Crying silently, I take Erik's hand and dig my fingernails into them, hard. He hardly responds, only smirking. An inferno of rage swirls inside me, and I remember Jackson's words. Don't stop fighting. I look weak right now, all the better. They won't see me coming. Hunching over, I allow myself to cry more. Willow winks at me from the crowd and mockingly blows me a kiss. We are then ushered to our own justice building so we can say our goodbyes. My dad doesn't come, only my mom. She gives me a stiff hug and leaves, probably to go get drunk. Jackson's dad walks in, also crying. "I lost both my sons, and now I feel like I'm losing a daughter." He whispers in my ear, hugging me like a real father should. "Jackson believed you could win, if you ever entered the games. Make him proud, eh?"