Unleashing the Animal Your deepest desires can't be ignored, however hard you may try. Twilight fanfic based on the story of the author's coming-out as gay. Slash, Multiple pairing with Jacob. A/N: A story based on the Twilight series of books and movies. I borrow the character names, but for the rest there is absolutely no connection to Twilight. 'Unleashing the Animal' is a work of fiction written by me, Thralni, and is an edited version of a story I wrote a while ago with the same name. It told my coming-out story – now it is re-imagined to fit the looks of the Twilight characters, and instead of being about me, it's about Jacob's fictional coming-out. It was written for my own pleasure without any kind of gain in mind, be it financial or otherwise. I reserve all the rights to Unleashing the Animal, save for the character names; these are owned by Stephenie Meyer. A/N 2: Since the story is already written in full, a short explanation of the layout: There are three parts, each divided into 4 or 5 chapters, and there is an epilogue. My plan is to publish Part2, 3 and the epilogue throughout the coming Sundays. In another three weeks, therefor, this story should be complete. Warning : This story contains mention and explicit descriptions of gay sex and romance, and frequent angst and drama. You will recognize the character names, but for the rest forget everything you know about the original Twilight character: the characters here tend to be very different. Relationships between people are entirely redefined and nothing follows the Twilight story and plot. Still want to read? Have fun! Leave reviews to let me know what you think! Part 1 Embry 1. Silence. All that woke him was a ray of light. Cold and blue; a cloudy, winter morning. He shyly opened his left eye. Light peeked inside through his eyelids as he slowly became conscious of the world around him, darkness being lifted from his mind like a veil being lifted from a widow's face when she gives her dead husband a final goodbye-kiss. The right side of his brain was throbbing: a thumping headache like he hadn't had for a while. He cautiously attempted to open his right eye, but with the headache suddenly increasing in magnitude, he wisely chose to close that eye again. With the right eye closed it was sort of bearable. He erected his body, slowly, so as to not aggravate his complaining brain even more, when he became aware of warmth next to him. He turned his head, and saw a warm, beautiful, sleeping body. He stroked it, gave its warm thigh a small kiss, and got out of bed. As his soft feet touched the cold, unforgiving floor, he shuddered as a spiky tingle launched itself from his lower back up to his neck, exploding in a short but stinging burst of headache. He cringed as the headache enveloped his visual cortex and, like the smoke at yesterday evening's disco engulfing the frantically dancing youth, moved forward to grab and squash his measly, alcohol-ridden prefrontal cortex. And with that, the headache returned to its former, nagging state; a boring pain, like a dog sinks its pointy teeth into a man's fleshy arm. Sunken it deep enough to cause discomfort, but not deep enough to actually pain the man too much, so that it stays in the background; quite like a mosquito in the night: unseen but irritatingly persistent in letting know that it's there. Fortunately, while mosquitoes are rather hard to kill, headaches are somewhat easier to get rid of. At least, what he would do when he were alone, was turn on his computer and put on some classical music. Usually a Mahler or Tchaikovsky symphony. He would then return to bed, close his eyes, and listen to the music unwind; follow it intently, dissecting it as it moved forward, bar to bar, note to note. This worked almost always when he had a hangover. This time though, he was with somebody. Somebody who was still asleep and probably felt as bad as he did. So instead of loud, classical music, the brass playing their endless, dramatic solos, reaching climaxes that came as close to a divine rush of excitement as he would ever feel, he walked to the bathroom and took an aspirin. Much less poetic, but it did its job admirably. The chilliness of the room made him shudder as he slogged to the kitchenette. He took the half-full pack of coffee and emptied it into his coffee machine, then turned it on. He sat at his table, and stared at the sleeping body in his bed. A smell of coffee swirled in the room, and a few minutes later he poured his first cup of the day; another one of those cold, depressing winter days. It had snowed that night, and the sky was still cloudy. The sun came up, trying desperately to break through the layer of clouds. It resulted in nothing more than the appearance of a veiled, milky yellow orb, almost invisible if you didn't try hard to spot it. As he stood at the window with his cup of coffee, looking tiredly at the depressing sight of snow covering life outside his window, he felt a warm hand on his shoulder. He felt it running down his back when a second hand appeared: together they embraced his belly. The tender embrace of a body: the warm, female body of the bed was behind him and pressed itself lovingly against him. He turned around. Two, beautiful dark eyes stared at him; the left eye partly veiled by sleek, black hair. He held her with his left hand, holding the cup of coffee with his right hand. "That was one hell of a party yesterday, right?" he asked, giving her that look that she found so aggravatingly sexy, meanwhile slowly rocking their hips at his lead. There was something mysterious about it that she couldn't put her finger on. "Yeah, it sure was," she answered hoarsely. They stared each other for a while, smiling quietly and contently. Finally, he broke the silence: "A new year, eh? I hope this one is going to be better than the last one". "Yep, though my last one wasn't that bad, honestly. The new one is sure starting in a depressing way. And I really shouldn't have had that one extra beer…". He looked at her as those words rolled out of her mouth, and he felt better. He at least wasn't the only one with a hangover. He smiled, and she smiled back. "Don't you want an aspirin? If your headache is as bad as mine, you might want to take the whole tube." She laughingly rejected that last offer, taking one aspirin out of the tube and swallowing it with a glass of water. "You know," she said, "we still have one more week of vacation. Is there anything special you want to do? On the weather forecast they said it will stop snowing soon, too, so if you want to do something with the snow, we'd better hurry." Ah yeah, it was still vacation. Half happy, half sad, he walked towards her and kissed her smooth hair, caressing it slowly. "I don't know. I'll take a shower first." "Okay," she replied. As he stepped into the bathroom, holding a pair of underwear, socks, and a slightly oversized black T-shirt, he wondered why he was feeling sadness about it being vacation. He remembered times when he was happy about it. No school, no homework, no nothing. He was now in university and this mid-winter break was practically the only vacation he would get until summer vacation. Shouldn't he be enjoying these few, free weeks? Unlike others, at his study they didn't have "exam weeks". You know, those weeks where you are supposed to study, but you just sit around bars and get drunk? That's what he at least gathered from some of his less ambitious friends. They'd study for their exam three days in advance and usually get just enough points to pass. Well, not at the biosciences. There you got two weeks of vacation in the whole year. He didn't mind it much; he liked his study and tried to get it right. But still, vacation was nice. So why did he feel the way he felt? He felt empty. You could throw a rock at him, and if it hit, you'd hear the sound of a gong. The sound of a hollow object; not the measly "thump" of a fleshy, organ-filled capsule designed to move around, eat, sleep, drink and have sex. As he entered the shower, opened the tap and felt the cold drops of a new year rain down upon him, his thoughts started drifting. Towards his work, his study, his orchestra. He played the bassoon. It usually meant he had rather interesting parts, but since he was the second bassoon rather than the first, he rarely had the nicest of solos. One minor annoyance of this instrument was that, when he told people about the fact that he played the bassoon, those that new something about music always joked about his instrument's name. They'd go: "Ya know what a bassoon is called in Dutch, hm?" while slowly moving their face closer to his with an idiotic grimace that he'd sometimes love to slap off their face. When he then shook his head slowly in annoyance (since he knew what was coming), they blurted out the clue: "It's called a faggot ! So, you are a faggot- player , which makes you pretty much of a faggot too, eh?" They'd laugh with innocent joy, but Jacob could get pretty annoyed by that joke. Not so much because he had heard it endless times before, and not even because he was jokingly accused of being gay; it was because these people had such pleasure in joking about gays. If I'd be gay myself, they wouldn't dare make that joke, that's for sure , was the conclusion Jacob always ended up drawing. Thinking about these people, he realized he genuinely missed his other fellow orchestra players. During the vacation there were no rehearsals; those were to commence again Wednesday next week. They always rehearsed on Wednesdays. He generally enjoyed good contact with some of the players, but admittedly this was not enough. There were several guys that he particularly wanted to meet up with in the break, just to talk. Honestly, he had already tried to approach one of them, but the casual chatting he had initiated didn't last long. After a minute of awkward silence they'd break it up with an uncomfortable "see you later", accompanied by a clumsy smile. He'd then walk off to one his usual friends, cursing under his breath at his failure. He closed the tap and left the shower cubicle, dried himself up and put on his underwear. Glancing in the mirror, it seemed obvious he suffered from a significant hangover. A shave would have made him look better, but he was too lazy for that on this cold New Year's Day. His dark hair, cut short, was a mess. He'd comb later, if they were to leave the house at all that day. Instead he got out of the bathroom and walked over to his girlfriend, who was now quietly drinking a cup of coffee and reading a book. "What are you reading? Don't tell me you are still reading that same book…" he asked, gently lifting the book so he could read the title. "Oh come on Jacob, it's not like you don't do the same. You've been reading the Brothers Karamazov for what, 5 years now?" she answered, grinning sarcastically. Sighing, he nodded. "In my defence, it's a very thick book! About three times the amount of pages as that book of yours. And no pictures, either. It's