A/n: This is written for Camp Potter 2017, Monday: Archery ( fics over 2k about a given prompt). Word count: 5,206 Prompt: Mandatory: Write about someone with a fear of commitment. Optional: 1. Clock 2. "You can't blame me for that." 3. Shooting star 4. Patience 5. Regret This Drarry doesn't follow my usual Headcanon of Mind Healer Draco helping Head Auror Potter with his PTSD (if you wanna read that, check out my other one-shots or my multi-chapter story, Iridescent Lies). I've always wanted to write a story where Draco is also an Auror and Harry's partner, so here's my attempt at that.* *This focuses more on the Drarry dynamic than them being Aurors. I'll probably write more stories focusing on that later. To Be or Not To Be "I can't do this anymore. I'm sorry." He Disapparated before his partner could react, appearing beside a dumpster in the dingy alleyway on the far side of the tenement houses. He gasped, a wave of exhaustion washing over him from the brief apparition. Clutching his abdomen, he winced, cursing himself for expending so much energy on an empty stomach. Inhaling deeply, he pulled out his cell phone and sent a quick text. Then, pulling the collar of his trench coat up around his ears and his hat low over his eyes, he fisted his hands in his pockets and strode out into the warm morning sunlight. The streets of London were bustling with activity; men and women rushing to work, shopkeepers opening up their shops, school buses full of screaming children and cars full of office-goers honking at each other in the congested traffic. It was just another normal summer day, and Draco wanted nothing more than to blast everything and everyone to smithereens. With an irritated grunt, he rounded a corner and made his way to an old, abandoned phone booth. Creaking the door open with a grimace and wondering if he should just risk another apparition, he picked up the worn receiver and dialled 62442. A few seconds passed. Nothing happened. Draco swore and slammed the receiver down, grumbling about shutting down the visitor entrances that don't work. He was jimmying the door knob when the booth lurched and the floor beneath him gave way. "Aaaaaah!" Draco screamed as he plummeted downwards, surrounded by nothing but pitch blackness. He fumbled around and fingered his wand, muttering a spell to place a shield around him. He squinted below, trying to gauge the depth of the shaft, and the moment he spotted a pinprick of light, he muttered a cushioning charm. He landed unceremoniously at the bottom in a cloud of dust and a fit of coughing, thankful for the well-timed spell that cushioned his fall. "Uh…" someone said from above him. Draco closed his eyes and swore under his breath, hoping beyond hope it wasn't the one person he didn't want witnessing his pathetic state. "You realise you can Apparate into the atrium, right?" Draco sighed, slowly looking up to see Harry Potter standing over him, an eyebrow raised in amusement as he looked down at Draco with glittering emerald eyes. He waved the cell phone in his hand, Draco's text message on the screen. "When you said to meet you here, I had a feeling you'd do something stupid." "If you knew the damn lift wasn't working, you could've told me, you git," Draco said, taking Harry's hand and letting himself be pulled to his feet. "What, and deprive myself of the chance to see you sprawled across the dirty floor, covered in dust?" Harry grinned. "Nah." Draco rolled his eyes and staggered in the slightest when he stepped forward. Harry frowned. "Have you eaten at all since our quick meal last afternoon?" "Why're you all dressed up?" Draco asked, dodging the question as he gave the other wizard a once-over. Harry's appearance was immaculate; his Auror robes were neatly pressed, his shoes shone from fresh polish, his hair was swept back in a seemingly effortless manner, and his usually crooked spectacles were perched on the bridge of his nose perfectly. Draco reached up and brushed his fingers against the lapel of Harry's coat out of habit, dusting away invisible particles, and Harry's frown deepened. "Don't tell me you forgot about the meeting..." Draco snapped to attention, his eyes going wide. He had forgotten all about the re-scheduled meeting with their bosses that day, and a quick peek at his watch told him he had no time to return home to get changed. "Shite." Harry jerked his chin sideways. "You can borrow my spare uniform. It's in the office." "Why'd you carry your spare?" Draco asked as they made their way down to the Auror Office. "Let's just say I had a feeling something like this would happen when you mentioned you wouldn't be going home last night," Harry murmured as they strode in, his voice somewhat bitter. As they made a beeline to the small storeroom of sorts at the very back that doubled as their office, Draco shrunk beside Harry in an attempt to turn invisible under his colleagues' gazes. "They're thinking I'm doing another walk of shame, aren't they?" he muttered as they stepped into the small space. He quickly shed his coat and hat and began to undress. Harry stepped sideways so he was blocking the doorway, his gaze studiously averted from Draco's bare chest. Draco smirked and made a show of slipping the shirt off his shoulders and arms. Harry's jaw tightened and he said, "Well, they aren't wrong, are they?" Draco smirk turned upside down as he frowned. "I've done nothing shameful to be looked down upon—" "You broke up with another one, didn't you?" "We didn't break up, " Draco snapped as he pulled on Harry's shirt. "We were never going out to begin with. And—" Harry stepped forward to straighten Draco's collar, "—it's none of your business anyway—like always." "That it isn't," Harry said coolly, draping a tie around Draco's neck. Draco swatted his hands away. "Will you stop fussing? You do this every time. I'm not a heartbroken girl in need of a shoulder to cry on." "I wouldn't have to if you behaved like the adult that you are," Harry replied matter-of-factly. "You can't blame me for that." Draco hissed and stepped close to Harry, their faces inches apart. "Don't think for even one minute that just because you're my partner, I won't hex your arse to next May." Harry's gaze drifted down to Draco's lips, the corners of his mouth twitching. "I'd be more than happy to have my arse hexed by you." Rolling his eyes, Draco shoved past Harry, running his hands through his hair as he made his way out while avoiding meeting anybody's gaze. Turning around once they had left the office, he continued walking backwards as he spread his arms out and asked, "Passable?" Harry scoffed. "Just put on your trademark smile and charm their pants off like you always do. I don't think they'll even notice your lopsided pocket square." Draco quickly plucked the small piece of cloth and shoved it in his pocket. "What I'd do for a mirror right about—" "Careful!" Harry grabbed Draco by the wrist and pulled him against him, swivelling out of the way as a trolley full of papers and two screaming wizards zoomed past where Draco had been standing and crashed into the wall. They watched as witches and wizards nearby rushed to the duo's aid, leaving Draco to be very conscious of the fact that he was pressed against Harry, with the latter's arm around his waist. When he chanced a glance at the other man, he saw that Harry's eyes were fixed on him, his gaze smouldering. Feeling a flush creep up his neck, Draco cleared his throat and moved away, dusting the front of his robes. "Stupid research department always crashing into or exploding things. Alright, well, let's go get this over with." "Ah." Harry scratched his ear, looking away. Draco frowned. "What did you do, Potter?" "Well, you see," Harry said, grabbing Draco by the arm to move him out of the way as medics rushed past, "it turns out the meeting was re-re-scheduled." Draco gawked. "What?" Harry shrugged. "I figured you'd come crashing in here after running away from your latest boy toy—" "Don't call him a boy toy—" "—without bothering to stop for a meal, so I decided the smart thing to do would be to make sure you're not going to pass out any second before anything else." Draco gritted his teeth. "When are you going to stop with this mollycoddling? It's seriously starting to get on my nerves. I am not a child, let alone your child." Harry's eyes darkened. "I'll stop with my mollycoddling when you stop with your unhealthy habits. And I know you're not mine. You make that very clear every single day." He let go of Draco's arms and walked towards the lift, leaving Draco to sigh in exhaustion. He followed after Harry and stepped into the crowded lift, grateful for the woman stuffed in-between them. Although he made sure to diligently avoid looking at Harry, he could feel the man's gaze boring into him the whole time. Draco sat sipping on his grande hot chocolate, staring at the series of text messages Bryon, the boy toy he had run from in the morning, had left him. They were mostly apologetic texts begging for another chance, and although Draco melted a little thinking about his big blue eyes and dimples, he knew that this would be the last time. He had indulged Bryon most of all the people he had been with, mostly because he had the body of a Greek God but also because he was such a good listener. But enough was enough. The lad was getting far too attached and getting in over his head. Just the memory of the morning's conversation, where Bryon professed his undying love for Draco and said he was "the one", made him cringe so hard he nearly crushed his cup. Deleting the conversation, he turned off his cell phone and pocketed it, his eyes wandering across the quaint cafe in search of a certain handsome Auror. Harry was making his way through the reasonably crowded room, a cup of coffee in one hand and a heaped plate in the other. He reached the table and placed the plate in front of Draco, pointing at the sandwich, scones and muffin. "Eat." "Yessir," Draco said, biting into the muffin and humming in satisfaction when the warm blueberry filling spread across his tongue. Harry smiled as he settled down opposite Draco and took a sip from his cup, watching as Draco scarfed down the scones. "I never realise how hungry I am until there's food in front of me," Draco said around a bite of sandwich. "I know," Harry replied with a chuckle. "And then you eat like it's the most delicious thing in the world." Draco held up the muffin, licking the dripping filling off his thumb. "You see this muffin? This is the best damn blueberry muffin in Britain. I'll bet a hundred galleons on it." "I'll take that bet," Harry said, grabbing Draco's wrist and taking a bite of the muffin, licking Draco's fingers along the way. He hummed in much the same way Draco had. "Alright. You win. I'm only buying you another muffin, though." Draco finished his sandwich and took another long swig of hot chocolate as Harry ordered for more muffins. "I never would've thought you of all people would know of a place like this." "Well," Harry said, loosening his tie, "I passed by it the other day when we were on rounds and I thought you'd like it." Draco felt his insides clench and swallowed thickly. He returned Harry's smile and then pretended to be focused on his food so he didn't have to say anything else. The upcoming