IMPORTANT: This story has been translated into Chinese and Spanish by Chloe PR China and Chuchufleta PL respectively! Find the links in my bio and share to your friends who are looking for Drarry written in Chinese and Spanish! Disclaimer: Anything recognisable belongs to our Queen, JKR. Everything else is mine. Chapter 1 The Beginning of The Lies [22 October 2011] 11:43 PM He awoke with a start, covered in sweat, panting and gasping for breath. He stayed still, eyes darting around as he tried to see in the dark. Fumbling for a moment, he found his wand and cast a wordless Lumos spell, slowly moving his hand in a wide arc. When he was convinced that there were no uninvited visitors in the room, he leaned back against the pillows and sighed. Breathing deeply, he focused on calming his racing heart as he swiped a hand across his forehead. Ginny stirred beside him and he turned to find her watching him, bleary-eyed. "Harry? What's wrong?" she rasped, her words thick with sleep. "It's nothing, go back to sleep," he whispered. She eyed him for a moment longer before nodding and turning away. He watched as her breathing slowed, and once he was sure that she was under the lull of sleep, he flicked his wand and muttered a few spells. When all the protective enchantments were in place, he set his wand down on the bedside table, cracked open one of the drawers, and, after some rummaging, pulled out a small vial. He squinted at the label, found it was the wrong one, and after searching for a moment longer, found the right one: a vial of Potion for Dreamless Sleep. Tipping a substantial amount of the liquid down his throat, he returned it to its spot and lowered himself under the blankets, pulling it all the way up till his chin. He stared at the ceiling till he felt the familiar tug of unconsciousness pull at his senses and willingly gave in as it drew him under its veil of blackness. [23 October 2011] 10:51 AM "You're getting nightmares again?" He nodded as Hermione placed a steaming cup of tea on the table and eased into the chair across from him. "Does Ginny know?" "Of course not." "How come?" He rolled his eyes at her and said, "Because I didn't tell her. Why do you think?" Hermione pursed her lips and clasped her hands together. "So why is it that you're telling me this when your wife doesn't know?" "If you didn't want me to tell you, you should have said so before I—" "I didn't mean it like that," she cut in, waving a hand. "All I meant was that I'm surprised that you came to me first." "You're my best friend, Hermione. What's so surprising about it?" She opened her mouth to say something, but there was a ping from the kitchen and she bustled away. He sipped on his tea slowly as he waited for her to come back, and she did, about five minutes later, with a tray of freshly-baked biscuits in her hands. She laid the biscuits out to cool on the side table and returned to her seat. "So, as I was saying," she began as she took off her oven mitts and placed them neatly on the table, "you should tell Ginny." "Hermione, if I could talk to Ginny about this, I wouldn't be here, now, would I?" he snapped, frustrated that she wouldn't just let it go. Being the stubborn person that she was, though, she simply gave him an endearing sort of look and sat back, as though waiting for him to explain himself. He sighed. "The kids will be back from the Burrow tomorrow, and if I tell Ginny that the nightmares about my memories of the war and all of my death-defying moments are coming back to haunt me when it's been a decade since the last ones…you know how she is, Hermione. She'll become hyper-conscious of every single thing that I do, and the kids will start to notice." She had a thoughtful expression on her face and finally nodded. "I suppose you're right. She does take after her mother, after all." He snorted at that and reached for a biscuit—only to have his hand smacked away. "Hey!" "Let me cool it, don't be in such a rush," she admonished as she flicked her wand and cast a cooling spell on the tray. "There, now you can have some." "May I?" he asked sarcastically and she nodded, smiling. "Yes, you may." He rolled his eyes as he took a biscuit and bit into it, humming at the way it melted in his mouth. "Is it good?" she asked nervously. He wondered if he should pretend like it wasn't just to tease her, but decided against it. Knowing Hermione, she'd probably make a new batch and force him to stay till they were done so he could taste-test them for her. "They're amazing! Who knew, huh?" "And of course you have to say it in a way that makes me wonder if it's meant to be a compliment or an insult," she said flatly, looking miffed. He grinned and relaxed, glad that he'd decided to come talk to her. "See? This is exactly why I came to you first. If you were Ginny, you'd be dragging me off to some Mind-Healer just about now." The corners of her mouth twitched as she tried to hide her smile. "Well, it's out of concern that she does what she does." "I know that; doesn't mean I have to be happy about it, though." He didn't mean to make it sound like he was complaining, but the way Hermione's forehead creased into a worried frown made him wave his hand and try to make light of his words. "It's like you and Ron, except Ginny's far more reasonable when she isn't being completely adamant about something." Hermione didn't look very convinced, but before she could reply, there was the gush of the Floo and Ron's voice called from the next room. "He's home early," Hermione said as she stood, making for the door. Harry grabbed her arm and gave her a pointed look. "I hope you remember that I told you this in confidence." She frowned. "I know, Harry, and I won't tell Ginny unless you want me to." "It isn't Ginny I'm worried about." Hermione's eyes widened and she got a slack-jawed expression on her face. "You want me to lie to Ron?" she whispered hurriedly as Ron's footsteps echoed down the hall. "You don't have to lie, just…don't tell him the truth," he whispered back, giving her a furious look. "It's the same thing!" "No, it's not!" "Hermione, give me a hand, would you? Didn't you hear me shouting from the next room?" They broke off their glaring contest as Ron stumbled into the room, his arms laden with bags upon bags. "What in heaven's name is all this stuff?" Hermione exclaimed, immediately helping to extricate Ron from under the bags. Harry took most of them from Ron and dropped them on the table and chairs, peeking into one out of curiosity. "Ron…is this what I think it is…" "Harry! There you are! I went over to your place and Ginny told me you were here so I had to come all the way back," Ron said as he rummaged around inside the bag and pulled out several boxes. "Here," he said, handing over four boxes to Harry. "These are for you and the kids. And these," he gave four to Hermione, "are for us!" "Mobile phones?" Harry and Hermione said together, sharing a look. "That's right! I saw these on sale when I was out buying things for the shop and I thought why not, you know?" "No, I don't know," Hermione snapped, crossing her arms. "Please explain to me why you wasted so much money on buying more mobile phones when we already have enough?" " Wasting money , she says," Ron laughed, pecking his wife on the cheek. "Even though you're a Muggleborn." "That has nothing to do with anything," Hermione huffed, going red in the face. "We already have mobile phones, why in the world do we need more?" Ron frowned. "Because those aren't the newest kind." Hermione gave him an incredulous look, as though she simply didn't see the logic behind his reasoning. "That makes no sense, Ron! We don't need new phones, the ones we have work perfectly fine!" Sensing the beginning of another row, Harry slowly tried to excuse himself without drawing too much attention. Unfortunately for him, Ron had other plans. "Don't forget to take these, mate," he said, placing the boxes that Harry'd put down back in Harry's hands and grinning at him. "I left Ginny one when I went over and gave her the ones for the kids but she insisted I speak with you first." "I wonder why," Hermione grumbled from behind her husband as she inspected the boxes. "Ron! These are all the latest models! How much did you spend on these?" He shrugged as he made to open one. "Dunno, I just handed over the money and the shop lady did what she had to." Both Harry and Hermione stared at Ron. "All right, that's it, we're returning all of these," Hermione said crisply, piling the boxes together and putting them back in the bag. "What, why? I paid a lot for those!" "And for no reason, too! One phone, or even two, is understandable, Ron, but eight? " "Ten, if you count mine and Ginny's." "Ronald!" "Alright, you two, that's enough. Ron, Hermione's right. We don't really have any use for these phones. Especially the kids. What're they even going to do with Muggle phones? I don't want them getting used to them at such a young age, and you know they don't work anywhere near Hogwarts' enchantments, let alone inside them," Harry reasoned, putting the boxes in his arms away. "Ah," Ron said and Hermione smacked his arm. "Hey!" "For goodness' sake, Ronald, please stop wasting money on rubbish," Hermione said sternly. "Well then, that's my cue to leave," Harry said just as Ron opened his mouth to retort. "Oh, wait, I'll pack some of these biscuits for you and Ginny," Hermione said, emptying one of the smaller bags and placing half the biscuits in it. "Thanks," he said and Hermione nodded, leading him out of the room. "Er, Hermione, I know where the Floo is—" "You better decide how you're going to deal with your… situation, and you better do it fast. I can keep it a secret from Ron for as long as possible, but you live with Ginny, and she's much smarter than you give her credit for. You of all people should know that," Hermione said in a hurried whisper. He nodded and hugged her briefly before walking to the fireplace. "Oh, and Harry?" she called as he stepped under the mantle and threw down the Floo powder. "Yeah?" "Take care of yourself." 12:02 PM "Oh, good, perfect timing. Here, help me with this." He walked up to where Ginny was trying to keep a rather large banner hanging in mid-air and held up one end to keep it steady. "What's this?" he asked curiously, leaning over to eye the blank banner. "A little higher, Harry, that's right," Ginny said busily, ignoring his question. He raised his hand as she fiddled with the other end, moving her wand slowly so it didn't drop. "What's this for?" he asked again as she took a step back to admire her handiwork. "Angie's birthday," came the distracted reply, and he sighed as he watched her pin the edge to the curtain. "How much longer do I have to hold this up for?" he snapped loudly when she left the room, muttering to herself. "One more minute! Gosh, you act as though I'm