I walk through dense forest, careful to dodge branches and roots that have made their way to the surface. Sweat rolls down in an endless stream - it isn't long before I'm completely drenched. I stop myself for a minute and listen to my surrounding: the whistle of the wind gliding above the trees, a choir of birds chirping their song, a steady stream of water. No cannon fire though, I am beginning to wonder if it's broken, or the game-makers are trying something new this year, seeing if the lack of knowledge influences the Games would be my best guess. As I continue on, I wonder if Caela - the female tribute in my district, 15 years of age and the most innocent personality that I have known - is still alive... 'Perhaps there were no deaths back there.' but that thought only makes me feel worse knowing that there are still 23 people hunting me. The sun begins to set, so I sit down against a tree and cautiously search for other tributes. No pictures shine in the sky tonight, 'the game-makers are probably pissed that there was no bloodbath at the Cornucopia and I'm almost certain there will be deaths tomorrow; caused by them or not.' Night drags on but the adrenaline I feel prevents me from even closing my eyes; I do however begin to daydream about the day that brought me here ...… It was the fifth time I listened to the opening address of the Reaping, the representative of the Capitol spoke with such enthusiasm because our district - District 5 - won the last Hunger Games, and he wanted another. "Caela Harriot" the cameras quickly found her, her face expressionless as she stepped forward and made her way onto the stage. "Any brave soul who wishes to take her place?" "NO!" she yelled. "This role is mine. I will be the tribute" "Well then, onto the guys then..." I couldn't help but marvel at how calm she was; she must have known that she had just been handed a death sentence. Her eyes caught mine and mouthed something incomprehensible. "...-ron Nadell!? Please step forward." I was still trying to figure out whose name had been called when a couple of peacekeepers grabbed my shoulders and carried me onto the stage; laughter roared throughout the crowd. "Please applaud your district's tributes for the 32nd Annual Hunger Games... And may the odds be ever in your favor" I turn to Caela and she gives me a glance as she walks off. In shock, my feet are locked in place "Aaron!" my name is called once more and I turn to see my parents rushing towards me. My mother wraps her arms around me and her cries drown out all the other sound ... The sun rises and I decide to head back to the place where I heard the stream of water. Cannon fire goes off two times and my steps become more cautious; I have no doubt in my mind that trouble's going to find me today. The stream becomes a welcome sight as I drink the water and wet my face; I tear off a 10 inch strip of cloth from my jeans, dip it in the water, and place it around my neck cooling my vitals and hopefully refraining me from sweating. I wet my face once more and a figure catches my eye; he holds a sword already stained with someone else's blood, and wears a smirk about his face. He is the tribute from District 1, Bellat if I'm not mistaken. I slowly rise to my feet and give him eye contact. "Is it worth a few breaths trying to reason with you?" I ask him. "Not really in the reasoning mood today;" He smiles and continues: "Don't worry, I will make your death quick." Without thinking, I sprint off in the opposite direction, and his footsteps ensures that he is chasing me. My mind wants me to stop, to give up; but my body does not listen and if anything tries even harder. He is about six meters behind me and closing in. Before long, we have made our way back to the cornucopia; the girl from District 1, Diamond, emerges with her bow drawn and takes aim at me. The arrow leaves the bow and flies towards me; but to my surprise, it misses and, as if by blind luck, hits Bellat in the shoulder. He drops to his knees and cries out in immense pain. Diamond rushes to his aid and pulls out the arrow; while I look on, dumbfounded. "What the hell have you done!?" "I missed... Bellat I'm sorry." She tries to hug him but he shrugs her off. The mouth of the cornucopia caught my eye, filled with food and weapons; realizing that there was an opportunity, I ran to the mouth. I grabbed a backpack and began stuffing it with food rations, a combat knife, a tarp, and a canteen... All in all added about 30 pounds to my weight. I grabbed a quiver of fifteen arrows and the sturdiest bow I could find. The screams continued outside, and I realized I still had time. I swept over everything one last time, took a machete and sheathed it as I walked outside. I cautiously approached both of the tributes "Mind if I take a look at the wound?" I asked him. He stared at Diamond in contemplation before he agreed to let me examine it. 'Go ahead.' He mouthed; I kick away his sword to ensure my safety and bend down. Inspecting the wound, I apply pressure to it and rip another strip from my jeans and clean the wound with it. He groans and curses under his breath. "You're going to need to bandage the wound; disinfectant wouldn't hurt either." I tell him, he looks at Diamond. "Go get the kit, Diamond." She rises to her feet and leaves for a second. "Volunteering was a mistake." He says. "Why'd you volunteer?" I ask him. "Diamond's my sister, she's only 14; it's my job to ensure that she wins." he gives me a look of sadness. "What happened back there was not anything personal, I wanted to kill everybody I saw as threats first." Diamond walked back in with kit in hand and handed me a small tube and a roll of bandage. I disinfected the wound and then wrapped the bandage around his shoulder and secured the bandage by wrapping it around his chest. "I don't want to kill you, Bellat; but I am fighting to live as well, if it comes that you, her, and I are the only ones left alive at the end... I will fight the both of you." l stand up and hold out a hand to him as well; he accepts and I pull him to his feet "It's best if you wait a few days until that heals. If you want some help with food, you need only ask." "Diamond normally doesn't miss a shot, she can protect the both of us for a few days." "Suppose it's time for us to part ways... May the odds be ever in your favor." I head off into the woods. "What's your name?" Bellat asks. "Aaron." I am too far into the woods to hear anything else he may have said. After three hours of walking, I manage to find another source of water, so I sit down and fill the canteen with water. I drink rather slowly, despite my extreme thirst. I try to think of all of the tributes names to help put my mind at ease: District 1: Bellat and Diamond District 2: Lance and Incendia District 3: Derrick and Jule District 4: Trent and Rosa District 5: Aaron and Caela District 6: Fallstreak and Ashby District 7: Martial and Pomeline District 8: Canwarn and Viola District 9: Garner and Kasha District 10: Betcher and Vera District 11: Jesse and Brianna District 12: Edan and Mia As I finish, cannon-fire goes off three times. More aware, I check my surroundings to make sure I'm safe. 'God, I hope the game makers don't go after me' There is another downside to being in the Hunger Games besides the fact that I am IN the games; and that is you don't have a clue how anybody dies or where anybody is. By sunset I have set up a hammock and made a fire about thirty yards from where the hammock is set up. I use a tree for target practice to get used to the bow, take out the arrows lodged in the tree, climb up in to the hammock and begin eating a food ration. My eyes are locked on the fire, 'someone may want to kill tonight, sneaking to the campfire with a weapon in hand... But I'll be the one that's going to kill'. The Capitol's Seal lights up the sky and the profiles of five follow: Lance of District 2, Jule of District 3, Fallstreak of District 6, Martial of District 7, and Edan of District 12. 'Four guys... One of them a Career. I hope it doesn't come down to me facing Caela or another girl.' That may have sounded sexist... But their looks of innocence makes it the harder to kill them. 'It's not enough, the game-makers will probably do something else tomorrow to pick off some of the latter districts.' I think. Two hours pass quickly, and the fire begins to fade; I hear footsteps in front of me begin to slow, in a cautious way. The tribute makes their way into the light of the fire; and I realize its Caela. I lower my bow, jump out of the hammock and approach her. "Caela? It's me, Aaron" The light of the fire reveals me. A smile lights up on her face. "Aaron!" she drops the weapon she had in her hand and runs toward me. Instinct tells me to raise my bow, and I obey. "Can I trust you, Caela?" She stops and her smile quickly transforms into a frown, she is hurt by what I asked her. "Aaron, I'd never want to harm you." I slowly lower my bow and then drop the weapon; I walk up to her and wrap my arms around her, and after a second or two, she does the same. "God, I was so worried that you would end up on the list tonight." "Did you hear those three cannons go off? It was a scuffle involving about eight of us; I think we were put together by the game-makers. After two of them dropped, three fled the scene; I took a cut to the arm when I stabbed the last one." I tighten my squeeze around her and tell her "But wasn't there another one?" "She just stood there, petrified. Ashby is her name; it was her District's male tribute I killed. I just stared back at her, for a good fifteen minutes we just stood there. I turned my head to look at the bodies being picked up, and when I turned back to her she was gone." I can hear sobs and sniffles from Caela as she rests her head on my chest. "I took him from her, Aaron; they could have been friends, or each other's hope at the very least." "Caela, you have to accept that there can be only one victor. I'm pretty sure that she would have to lose him anyway." These words try to comfort her, but the sobs only turn into cries. "I don't want you to die. If by luck we are the last two, I don't think I could kill you." I think about that scenario for a minute, contemplating what I would do. 'Would I kill her? Probably not. Would we wait for one of us to starve to death, or have the game-makers choose who lives and who dies?