Author's Note: Hello, So this is the first fanfic I've posted here. It's a conversion of a story i wrote for school. I used twilight pairings. This story isn't meant to offend and the words written don't reflect me as a person. Ok thanks. Let me know what you think. ~B Today is officially the worst day of my life. It all started on a gloomy and rainy day in November of 1802 in my childhood home where I had lived all my life. My parents, Charlie and Renee Swan, called me down to the living room for a family talk. "Sweetheart, come down to the common room! Your mother and I need to speak to you." That one sentence forever changed my life. Apparently my father had lost a lot of money because a few of his trade ships had been sunken on their return from Asia. Now we have to sell off some of the family land to make up for the fortunes lost in the ocean. My reaction wasn't pleasant when my parents told me they were selling my favorite part of our land, which is the part that lies upon the coast and holds our private beach. But I was even worse when I found out that they were selling it to Rosalie's dirty family. "I hate you both! You're ruining my life! You both know I hate Rosalie! She says that I may be of noble blood but I'll never be a true noble." "We know daughter but your mother and I have no other option but to sell that part of the land plot. We didn't want to sell it to Rosalie's family because you know we don't like them much either but we had no other choice. They were our only bidder." My father says with a deep sigh. My life went downhill pretty fast after that. Life has been hard as we try to earn back the money we once had. Father still owns his trading company but now he has also opened another business to hire out farm hands that seems to be doing well enough. I can't wait until we can buy our land back from the dirty scum that is Rosalie's family. While I'm pondering how the day will turn out when that day comes when we can finally buy our land back, my father walks in with a serious expression on his face. His sits down on my bed next to with slumped shoulders and sighs. "Bella, we need to talk about our old land." "What about our old land? Did you get to buy it back?" "No. I went to talk to the Hale family and they refuse to sell me the beach land back. Not even 1 acre out of the 17 that we owned." "WHAT! How… how dare they! They can't do that! That land is ours!" I am enraged at the fact that those stupid incompetent imbeciles don't want to sell my Father the land back that is rightfully ours. I hear my dad clear his throat loudly as he get's ready to speak again. "Technically they can refuse to sell me the land back. I sold the land to them and now they rightfully own it." I put my head down defeated. Rosalie always gets what I should have. It's like she is trying to ruin my life. I turn to look at my Father and noticed how worn down he looks. His hair is in disarray and a mess, his cloak is rumpled, and he has big bags under his eyes. At that moment I vow to myself to help get that land back before my father dies. "Well then I guess I'll just have to wait until they need money too and have to sell of their land to survive. I promise I will get that land back one day." With a nod in acknowledgement to what I said my Father stands up and leaves my room. One year later and I am still working toward the goal of getting my land back from the Hales. Things have changed in the last year though. I've met another wonderful noble girl named Alice who I am in love with. She has become my world and I want to marry her. I've seen Rosalie looking at her with lust in her eyes and I know she's going to try to go after her and try to steal her from me but I'm confident she won't be able to. I know Alice loves me just as much as I love her. I have a date with her tonight and I think I might ask her what she thinks of marriage and talk about our future together. Tonight is an important night. I got up and got dressed in my best robes and combed my hair. I want Alice to have no doubt in her mind about marrying me some day in the future. After getting ready I hitch 2 black stallions to the carriage and get my carriage driver and set off towards Alice's. One I arrive at Alice's, I go greet her parents and retrieve my date. I have set up a scrumptious picnic on the north end of her property in a valley filled with springtime flowers that overlooks a cliff. I've brought Alice's favorite foods, things like roasted ham, fresh apples, bread, and champagne. We start eating and about half way through the meal I bring up marriage and that's where the whole date goes wrong. "Alice, what do you think about marriage?" "I love the idea of marriage. I can't wait to settle down and get married." This statement gives me great hope that Alice will agree to marry me in the future. "Would you ever want to marry me in the future?" I ask as I tremble nervously. "Yes I would. But…I can't marry you." I'm puzzled as to why she can't marry me in the future if she wants to eventually be my wife. "Why can't you marry me if you eventually want to?" At this question Alice starts to look nervous and shifts her eyes downwards and won't look me in the eye even as I try to hold her hand to reassure her that everything will be fine. "I can't marry you because my parents have arranged for me to marry Rosalie. I…I don't want to but they said it will bring more wealth to my family and I have no choice. They only…um… let me come on this date so I could break the news to you that I couldn't see you anymore." That was the moment that my heart broke for the first time in my life. I thought I knew pain but apparently I was wrong. Rosalie was ruining my life once again. I blankly look at Alice not believing what she is saying. How could her parents do this to us? I rock back and forth as I try to fully comprehend what Alice just told me. I finally work up the nerve to talk again. "A-are you serious?" Alice looks like she's on the verge of tears as she answers. "Yes. I'm so sorry. I love you." "Don't say that." I coldly look at her as I wonder how she can state she loves me when she's ripping my heart out by marrying my archenemy. If she really loved me she would find a way out of this marriage to be. I stand up and start cleaning up so I can take Alice back to her house and then head home to nurse my broken heart. Two years later and I had somewhat gotten over the devastating heartbreak that Alice and Rosalie had caused me. My parents forced me to go to the Hale's wedding. The said it would help me get over my horrible depression about Alice before I ended killing myself or killing someone else. It broke my already smashed heart watching the love of my life marry my lifelong enemy. Alice, my sweet Alice, looked so gorgeous in her long flowing white dress with its sweetheart neckline and embroidered jewels. That should have been me! Marrying her, loving her, taking care of her. That was supposed to be my future with her, not Rosalie's! That ugly swine takes everything from me. As you can tell I am still very bitter over Rosalie and Alice's marriage. Anyways that's beside the point in this whole debacle. Soon after I had gotten married to another noblewoman named Leah about six month ago. I am not happy and I do not love her. I know she doesn't love me either and only agreed to this marriage to make her family proud. I appreciate her company and the fact that she is a good wife but that is it. Although she brought more wealth to my family so hopefully I can achieve my dream of getting my family's precious land back from the disgusting Hale's. Honestly Leah's family's wealth is the only reason my parents even set up an arranged marriage between us. My parents are aware that I would never be happy with anyone other than Alice and that there is no chance that I will ever grow to love Leah. But if it appeases my parents I will try my hardest to keep this dreaded marriage alive. It's been five years since I wed Leah and I just received more horrible news caused by Rosalie. Leah, MY wife, has had an affair with Rosalie and is now carrying her bastard child. It's bad enough that I had to marry a woman I do not love to make my parents proud and bring more wealth to the family but now I have to stay married to a cheating harlot it is even worse. I don't want to have to take care of Leah and Rosalie's child. But I made a promise to a very special person that I would keep this marriage alive for as long as I could. Flashback to two years ago I learned today that Father will now probably never see the days I will buy back our land from the Hale's. Father has recently gotten very sick and the doctor says he is on his deathbed. He has sent a letter to me that I must go see him one last time to have a very important conversation. So here I am knocking on the big white door of my parents mansion getting ready for that talk to occur. Theodora, our maid, answers the door and leads me to sit beside my father. "Hello father. Why did you request my presence?" "Daughter, I want you to promise me something before I pass on." "What? I'll do anything." I say as I grip his pale and sickly hand. Then he says something I never expected to hear him say. "I want you to stay married to Leah for as long as you possible can. You can not let this marriage fail." "Why father?" "I have my reasons but I will take those with me to the grave. Just promise me?" I'm quite puzzled at what he is not telling me but I assume if it is really important the answer will come to light one day. "I promise." "Good. Now can you please leave? A dying sick man needs his rest." I nod to him in answer and exit the room and head to my home. Present Day I don't want to raise the child but it looks like to uphold my promise to my father I will. Leah has already tried to get Rosalie to claim the child as hers but she refuses to do so. So I have no other choice than to claim the child or else the rest of the village would know how much of a harlot my wife is and that would bring immense same upon my family. I do vow to get