A/N: I'm not going to pretend I'm not nervous about posting this, because I think this is the most nervous I've been about posting something. I've been a complete nervous wreck getting the nerve up just to write it. The scene on top of the Cornucopia actually made it hard to watch Cato die, that I just had to write this, and I can't believe I did. This will contain elements of the book, the movie, and a little from me. This story has been sitting on my computer for well over a year and a half, being scrutinized and rewritten. But it's finally ready to be seen! I hope you all enjoy it. I encourage constructive criticism! Disclaimer: Sadly, Suzanne Collins owns the Hunger Games and everything involved with it, but I own my characters. So, don't steal them. Please? Thank you. Cause it's not my time, I'm not going There's a fear in me, it's not showing This could be the end of me And everything I know Oh but I won't go Chapter 1: Doomsday It was the day of the Reaping in District Four, and I was the only one awake it seemed. I had done this every Reaping day since my brother had been reaped. I would get up just before the sun rose over the Eastern horizon, make my way to the fishing wharfs and stick my feet in the ocean. The fishermen weren't out because no one worked on Reaping day and never had as far as I could remember. The sea air took over my senses, and a smile made its way across my face. It was nice to be able to get away from the troubles that awaited me once the day was in full swing. I had always found that the sea and the sunrise calmed my nerves on Reaping day, but I'd have to return to reality at some point. My brother had been chosen eight years before, two days before his fifteenth birthday making him one of the younger tributes, and unfortunately for him, victors. I was nine at the time, and I still hadn't fully understood what the Games were, though I'd been training for two years at that point. My parents didn't want me seeing them, but that was almost impossible when it was mandated that every citizen watch. I looked on as my brother joined the alliance of wealthier districts, breaking off in the top eight so they could pick each other off one by one. I was thankful that my brother had won the Games, but it was hard to erase the image of your brother spearing the last remaining tribute through the neck. I pulled my legs from the water and began to make my way toward my brother's house. I still lived in our old house with my mother and father, because they said Merrick had earned his house in Victor's Village. I always scoffed when they used that term. I stayed with Merrick from time to time so he wouldn't be alone and kept my nicer clothes there. His house was where I would be getting ready for the Reaping, my next to last one. Father would be helping Wade get ready, who had turned fifteen two weeks ago, while Mother laid out the clothes she and Father would wear. I made my way past the gates in front of Victor's Village, passing houses of people I'd come to befriend. There was Finnick, who was quite the charmer, at least for the Capitol, and had won his Games only at fourteen. If I was older than seventeen and he wasn't in love with Annie, I might think twice about him. I'd known him for too long, though, that he seemed like another older brother to me. And Annie, her Games were the first Games I'd ever cried while watching. Annie had a pure meltdown as she watched her district partner get beheaded. I was thankful Finnick had taught her how to swim years ago, or she wouldn't be here right now. Now, Annie takes a long time before letting someone into her life. I hadn't met everyone in Victor's Village, though. With trained tributes going into the arena, our District had one of the highest victor pools out there. Although, there was a nice old woman, Mags, a few houses down that would cook me shrimp when I stayed with Merrick. She never spoke a word, she would just waddle down the street, hand me a plate and waddle back to her home. Finnick had told me she cooked shrimp for me because Merrick was a lousy cook. I had giggled at the truth. I reached the porch and opened the door to Merrick's house slowly and quietly, not sure if my brother was awake yet. I learned quickly after he returned from the Games that it wasn't a good thing when he was startled awake. My question was answered when I heard his shower running upstairs. Looking around the house, I thought about how it came into my brother's possession. It was an ugly memory—more so for him, I'm sure, but I still shuddered at the images that entered my mind. My brother jumping out of the river, shocking the girl from District Two before running her neck through with a spear still felt as fresh in my mind as it had all those years ago. I heard the shower turn off and the door to his bathroom open. "Hey, Apricot!" He yelled down without even appearing, using that stupid nickname that only he used. Apparently, when I was born, he said my head looked like an apricot, and he had become fond of calling me that and had done so since I was little. From the ages of four to six, I was convinced that was my real name. "Do you always have to call me that?" I called back up to him, glaring at the opening of the hallway. He stuck his head out from the upstairs hallway, grinning like an idiot. He knew exactly how I felt about the nickname but continued to use it anyway. "Well, what would you have me call you?" My arms flew up in exasperation, eyes rolling back in my head in time with them. "By my real name, asshole!" A mock look of offense crossed his face then. "Language, Apricot," he scolded in a teasing tone. "Or Apricot," I said sarcastically, giving him a disapproving look. "That's fine, too." "Well, forgive me, April ," he said, trying to sound sincere. I let out a long sigh as he disappeared back into the hallway, knowing there was no getting through to him. "Come on, Apricot, if I didn't call you that, you would think I was mad at you." He appeared at the top of the stairs in his dress pants and the undershirt he'd be wearing. He had to look nice, because as a previous victor, he had to sit up on the stage during the Reaping. As a mentor this year, it was very likely he'd be helping two kids survive as long as possible before their untimely deaths. If he was lucky, he would get a tribute that was smart enough and strong enough to outlast everyone else. Even then, Merrick would be ruining a life. He could attest to that. One of the joys of being a victor, I suppose. I smiled sadly at him as he made his way down the stairs. "Cheer up, Apricot. Shower's clear. Pressure's acting kind of funny, though. I'll check it out when I get back." He made his way past me and walked toward the kitchen. "Feel free to stay here whenever while I'm out. Just make sure to clean up your shit." My smile faded as I padded up the stairs. He always talked like he knew I would be in District Four the day after the Reaping. Merrick's name had only been in the bowl four times when he was picked. Two less time than mine would be in this year. I was always told not to worry; there was always a greater chance for people who had taken tesserae to get picked over me, even though few people in our district ever needed to take them. But, when it came to the Reaping, I was always worried. Even with the six years of training in our district's acadamy and the rest by Merrick and Finnick, I was always worried. Even though I was from one of the wealthier districts, I didn't understand why the Games were something to be loved. Almost two thousand children had died so far because of the Games. Some of the children didn't even stand a chance when they were picked, just little twelve year olds trying to understand why it had to be them and why they could never see their families again. Those were always the worst deaths, and most of the time, I couldn't bear to look at them. The day the Games ended would be a great day for the world. If they ever ended. I opened the bathroom door and the steam from Merrick's shower rolled out and laughed at the quality we both shared: the hotter the shower, the better. I stripped down and climbed into the shower after I turned the water to as hot as I could stand it. Letting my worries wash away under the water, my sun kissed brown hair darkened as the water soaked it. I felt at home in the water. Growing up in the fisheries district, you had to be. I would stay in the water for days if I could, but not today. Today, I had to be at the Hall of Justice to see whose lives would be ruined by the Games. I washed myself thoroughly, from every strand of hair on my head, to the spaces between my toes, rinsed myself off, and begrudgingly turned off the water. I threw a towel around me before stepping into the hall and walking down to the room I normally stayed in. Voices floated up from downstairs as I dug through my closet, and I assumed Merrick's girlfriend had shown up. She really was a lovely, young woman, and I wondered when he was going to ask her to marry him. She was one of the few girls that hadn't flocked to him for the riches that had been bestowed upon him. Paisley was a good soul, and he was lucky to have her. Trying to decide what dress was appropriate to wear to someone's doom was extremely difficult. The Capitol hated when people wore black to a Reaping, because, according to them, the Reaping was a time of celebration, not sorrow. Up yours, Capitol. I heard footsteps coming up the stairs and moments later, Paisley appeared in my doorway. "Good morning, April," she said, smiling as she walked to my side and looked in my closet. "Having trouble deciding for today?" I nodded and she stepped forward immediately, digging through my dresses that hung in the closet before her. I heard some hmm's, some no's and some maybe's before I heard a definite yes. She'd pulled out my sea blue sundress. She looked giddy on the outside, her soft facial features lighting up and her blonde curls bouncing as she leaped with excitement, but on the inside, she hated this as much as everyone else. She laid the dress out on the bed before making her way to the door, waving as she left. I pulled on my undergarments and slipped the dress on over my curves. I heard Paisley say goodbye to Merrick and the door shut behind her. I brushed my hair out and dried it quickly, letting my hair fall into its natural place, resting in the middle of my shoulder blades. Picking out a blue ribbon from the drawer, I pulled my hair over my shoulder