A Precious Gift Disclaimer: All references to Middle-Earth and Lord of the Rings belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. I make no claims to ownership on any of these things. I do this simply because I enjoy writing and have an over-active imagination. Summary: Aragorn meets a young child that gives him a precious gift. Time line: The first Midwinter's Eve of Aragorn's reign as King. Main Characters: Aragorn, Arwen, Legolas, Gimli, several OC's. Author's Note: The general plot for this story comes from the wonderfully lovely song called "The Christmas Shoes" by the group Newsong. While this is not a songfic, per se, the plot is based off of that song. Minas Tirith, Midwinter's Eve, Year 3019 of the Third Age It is a strange sight; to see the White City covered in snow…one cannot tell where the city ends and the snowfall begins , Aragorn mused. The King stood on the balcony off of his private study, staring out at his city. Down below him, he could see hundreds of small brown dots that were his people, battling against the snow and wind as they hurried to finish preparations for Midwinter Day, which would come tomorrow. Aragorn sighed and raised his eyes to gaze out in the distance at nothing, since the snow storm that had blown in earlier that morning had turned the sky into a gray and white haze, and nothing could be seen of the Pelennor Fields from the Citadel. He was weary after a long morning in court, passing down rulings for his people. He had only been on the throne for a little over six months, but there seemed to be a never ending stream of problems left over from the rule of the Stewards that needed to be addressed or changed. Arwen was doing her best to aid him in her own way, making sure that servants brought him meals when he was forced to be closeted away with his advisers during meal times, and she always made sure that there were hot baths drawn for him to relax in after a long day. Whenever she could, she sat in court with him, helping him in his decision making, even as Faramir did. Aragorn knew this and loved her all the more for every little detail that she tried to help him with. She was a partner in every form of the word, just as he had known that she would be when he pledged himself to her, and she to him. But it did nothing to comfort him really. The King was restless. He wanted to leave the suddenly confining walls of the Citadel and wander the Pelennor Fields…no, he wanted to be wandering the northern wilderness of his childhood home. He wanted to see the mountains and deep woodlands of his youth again. Turning swiftly, Aragorn left his study, hearing the two guards posted outside the room scramble to follow him. That was yet another thing that he was not used to. It seemed such a waste to have men stationed whose only job was to follow him around everywhere. He understood that it was for his safety…but how could he be in danger in the middle of his own Citadel? He'd wandered the wilds, alone more often than not, for sixty-odd years. He was a skilled swordsman, and even should an assassin get so far into the Citadel as to be a threat (which Aragorn highly doubted) he was perfectly capable of defending himself and dealing with any assassin. Entering his own chambers, Aragorn moved over to the window seat, where Arwen was seated. Seeing as how tomorrow was Midwinter's Day, Arwen was busy arranging for the feast that they were hosting the next evening. Just now, she was making out a list of details that still needed to be attended to before the feast tomorrow afternoon. As Aragorn entered, Arwen looked up, then stood and kissed him as he came to stand alongside her. Seeming to sense his mood, she simply folded him into her arms, and then rested her head on his chest. He sighed and hugged her back, but gazed out the window behind her again. "What troubles you, meleth nin (my love)? You have been restless these past days." she said softly. "Aye, Arwen. I weary of this tediousness. I feel as if the person I once was, Strider the ranger, has been slain and buried under the demands that Gondor is placing on the person I now am, Elessar the King. I long to see the deep northern woods and mountains again, to wander freely without having guards follow my every step." Aragorn replied, his voice thick with frustration. Arwen smiled. "Why not take a walk, Estel? You are a ranger, you can protect yourself, and seeing rangers in the city is not uncommon. Put aside the responsibilities for a day or so. Tomorrow is a holiday, and even you deserve a rest to celebrate with your loved ones." Slipping free from his grasp, she walked to a storage chest in the corner and opened it, pulling something from inside. Going back to her husband's side, she handed him a bundle of ragged cloth. Aragorn shook out the cloth, revealing a well-worn, soft leather overcoat. He looked at Arwen in surprise, but she only smiled knowingly. "Go, Estel. Become Strider again, if only for a short time." Then she laughed. "Just don't leave the city…even a ranger can become lost in a snowstorm, especially when what he is looking for is white." Aragorn laid the overcoat on a chair next to him and drew his wife into his arms. " Hannon le, meleth nin . Hannon le. Thank you, my love. Thank you." Arwen smiled. "You think that I do not know your heart, Estel? You have the blood of the wandering rangers in you, it was all you knew for seventy years, and now you have been forced to become something that you are not familiar with. It will take time for you to become used to this change." She laid a graceful hand on his cheek. "Go, my love. I'll make excuses for you, and I'll distract your guards until you return." " Hannon le, Undomiel . Thank you, Evenstar" Aragorn whispered, before moving to change out of his court dress and into his old ranger clothing. It's always nice to have a strong-willed woman at your side , Aragorn thought several minutes later as he walked through the winding streets of his city. His hood was drawn up over his head to hide his features from a casual glance, as well as to keep the snow out of his eyes. It was refreshing to be out of the Citadel. All around him, his people hurried on their way, no one even bothering to look twice at the brown-clad ranger ambling along, none of them realizing that their King was in their midst. It is…a welcome change , Aragorn mused. He was finally starting to feel like himself again. He didn't regret becoming King, but he did regret what his duties had taken from him. As he wandered past some of the shops that were open for people doing last minute shopping for Mid-winter gifts, he realized that he had not gotten anything for Arwen, Faramir, Eowyn, Legolas, or Gimli. His duties had taken up all of his time, and every time he had thought about the gifts, he had been forced to push it to the back of his mind, and forgotten about it again. Legolas and Gimli were due to arrive later that night, Aragorn knew. They had left soon after his coronation and marriage to visit Fangorn Forest and the Glittering Caves again, and had discussed visiting Mirkwood and the Lonely Mountain as well, but they had promised to return by Mid-winter and spend the holiday with their friends. With a specific goal in mind, Aragorn began studying the shops he passed more intently, looking for places where he could find appropriate gifts for his friends. At this late notice, he knew they would not be as elaborate as he wished, but his friends were also pleased with simple things. Next year he could begin having presents crafted in advance that were appropriate for them, he decided. It didn't take him long to find a present for Gimli. Down on the fourth level he found a little shop that specialized in rare wines and ales. He smiled and purchased a bottle of wine that was produced in Dol Amroth for the dwarf, and another bottle of ale from Rohan. The shopkeeper wrapped them carefully, and placed them in a bag made of tough canvas, which Aragorn took with a smile of thanks before taking himself out. In a silversmith's shop on the same level, he found a very simple letter opener that had a pommel-nut made of a faceted emerald. Aragorn smiled, thinking that Faramir would like that. He also found a jeweled, yet functional knife for Eowyn, knowing that the sword maiden would appreciate the thought behind it. Aragorn was very aware that it was she who had slain the Witch-King, even if most of his guard didn't think it proper for a woman to wield a blade. In this case, if people tried to attack the sword-maiden, she would be able to fight back with a fully functional knife that seemed to be nothing more than a pretty ornament. Aragorn smirked to himself, glad that the members of his guard weren't aware that Arwen was a formidable warrior herself. Her brothers had trained her, and Elladan and Elrohir were two of the finest warriors in Rivendell. For Legolas, Aragorn was a little more lost. He knew his friend very well, but he couldn't think of anything that the elf needed, or anything that the prince would think was necessary. He knew Legolas wouldn't expect anything, especially after Aragorn had gifted the prince with part of the land of Ithilien to establish a colony of elves. He continued to wander through the streets carrying his purchases looking for any shop where he might be able to find something appropriate for Legolas, but even more, for Arwen. He passed a small bookshop, and then an idea occurred to him. Slipping inside the shop, he looked around for the shopkeeper. A small bell had tinkled when he entered, and it was only a few minutes before a man stepped out of the back. He was short, but slender, and he moved among the shelves in a no-nonsense fashion. "Good day, Dúnedain!" the shopkeeper called as he spotted Aragorn. "What may I and my humble shop do for you?" Aragorn laughed. This little man reminded him of Lord Elrond's adviser Erestor. Friendly, yes, but without the burdens that Erestor had carried as one of Elrond's advisers and aides. He shook his hood back so that it fell down around his shoulders. "A pleasant day to you as well my good sir. I was wondering if you had any volumes of Gondorian folklore. I have a friend among the elves that I would like to give it to as a Mid-winter gift." The shopkeeper pondered the question for a moment; probably running through his inventory in his head, Aragorn thought with a smile, before he answered. "I believe I do, Dúnedain. Let me see…" And he was gone, but Aragorn could hear him puttering around in the back of the shop, obviously seeking the book that Aragorn had requested. Aragorn looked around the shop, breathing in the smells of leather, ink, and paper. It was so familiar and reminded him so much of the great library in Imladris, a place where he had always spent a great deal of time when he was home. He smiled fondly, and a little longingly, wanting to return to the secure and safe haven that Rivendell had always been. Never had the peace of Rivendell been shattered, never