Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and themes are the property of Rick Riordan from the world of Percy Jackson and the Olympians and The Heroes of Olympus. I am not making any money from this work of fiction. I'm just playing around in his sandbox. I wrote this fic in collaboration with a very talented artist who goes by jswander on tumblr. She created the art I'm using as a cover. You can find me on tumblr as mab-speaks and jercyjuice! XxxX It wasn't supposed to be like this. I always thought I had it figured out, I mean, alright, maybe not always , but still. I thought Annabeth and I were solid, unbreakable, you know? And now I'm just numb. Feel like I've had part of who I am amputated. You don't just go to Tartarus and come back and not have it fundamentally change you. Nobody really gets that, I mean except Annabeth. Well, and Nico, but goddamn it. I'm not gonna fucking cry. That's a whole other scab that I don't want to start picking. I sometimes wonder about all the things I did that I would do different now if I could do them over; it makes my brain hurt, makes my soul ache. I mostly just try not to think about it, to instead say, yeah, that happened... What's for dinner? Is it blue? You know, to put it behind myself and move on with life. Evidently that makes me insensitive. According to Annabeth I've outgrown her. She says she hasn't grown at the same rate, that we don't match up anymore or something. That wasn't the hardest thing to hear, even though it did hit me deep. No, the worst was hearing that she was afraid of me, that sometimes she thought she could see the dark part of me that rose up when I faced Akhlys looking out at her from behind my eyes. I mean, that doesn't even make sense. How can you see behind a person's eyes when you're looking at them? Whatever. It happened. We broke up. I'd already made plans to attend the University in New Rome and Annabeth chose to stay in New York. I'm still not over it. I don't think I ever will be. I didn't realize I was damaged goods until she left, but I still can't see the damage beyond what was caused by her leaving. Am I just a horrible person? Probably. I'm not alone here though, in New Rome or even in the 'post break-up, heart gouged out' sense. Jason Grace is here too. Asshole never could stop trying to one-up me. He takes it seriously to the point he finished school the same time I did, even though I had to bust my ass to finish on time. If I hadn't, Grace would be ahead of me by a year instead of starting Uni at the same time. Okay, I might have a small problem with competition too, but that's totally normal. We're just a couple of bros in arms doing what it takes to reach the next level. Whatever the Styx that might be. XxxX "Oh gods," I groan, and stagger to my feet. My bladder is about ready to burst. I borrow somebody's shoulders to heave myself up and when I get there, I'm tempted to return to the floor to stop my head spinning. Another spasm in my gut stops me from doing just that. I stumble on my way to the bathroom, catching myself with another random arm. It's so crowded in the dormitory common area and so dark, I have no idea who half these people even are. I head down the narrow hallway to the nearest bathroom, bumping off the wall and peering through my half-open eyelids. I shouldn't drink, I think to myself, and smack my lips. My mouth tastes foul. Oh right, that last body shot I did … I think I licked some dude's armpit. I'm so gross lately. The bathroom door is closed when I get there. I jiggle the handle; and it's locked. I knock. "Gonna be much longer? I gotta go!" I shout, the ruckus of the party making it hard to hear myself. I put my ear to the door and hear a girl's voice giggle. A dude calls back. "Occupied!" I'm not sure why, but seeing or hearing other people happy together, couples fucking around, everybody pairing up for the stroke of midnight to share a kiss and ring in the new year, it makes my blood boil. It's like there's lava in my veins, my guts churning as my anger turns to power, my bladder screaming to let go. The door bursts open with a flood of water and the half-dressed couple staggers past me, dripping wet. The moment the water hits my feet I feel ten times better. I send it back into the pipes with barely a thought and look back down the hall before stepping inside, a wide smile on my face. The couple stares at me and I'm thrown off a little. I expected them to bitch at me or to call me out on my bullshit, but they look almost afraid. They don't even stop to cover themselves before rejoining the party, their wet clothes hanging half off. I retreat a step and close the door. Whatever. I'm too drunk to fight. My bladder cramps again, reminding me of why I came in here and I pull my dick out without another thought. Then I catch sight of the toilet. The pipe is totally busted. My powers must have switched off the valve when I sent the water back up through it, but now the toilet's dry. I groan and test the faucet in the sink. Thankfully, it works. I relieve myself in the sink and rinse it out, then zip my pants back up. That was really disgusting, but hey, when you gotta go … I wash my hands and dry them on my pants. It's time to find Jason and get the hell out of here. I've done enough socializing for the month. I check my hair in the mirror before leaving and have to do a double take. There's something not quite right with my eyes. I lean forward and peer at my reflection close up, but I can't really tell what's different. It's gotta be the booze. I make my way back to the party and it's impossible to tell who's who with all the people crowding the space and most of the lights turned down. I bump into a rather impressive back and Mike Kahale turns around. "Hey, Jackson!" he says, looming closer. His breath smells like pineapple and some other spice that he puts in his protein shakes and in my drunken haze, I kinda like it. I remember I'm looking for Jason and shake myself. "You seen Jason Grace? I lost track of him a while ago." "Oh yeah, he went outside 'bout twenty minutes ago. I think." He points at the sliding glass door leading to the patio. "Right on," I tell him, giving him a slap on the butt. Hey, I'm drunk. I can totally get away with it. He grins at me and winks, then turns back to talk to his friends. When the cold fresh air hits my face, I wonder what was up with the wink. Was he hitting on me? Was I hitting on him? It's been over a year since Annabeth broke things off and I still forget that I'm single sometimes. I'm a free agent. I slide the door closed behind me and scratch the back of my neck. I don't drink normally. Actually, this is like the second time I've ever been drunk. Apparently I haven't been laid in so long that I'm checking out guys now. I screw up my face; thinking hurts my brain. Have I always checked out guys but was too smitten with Annabeth to realize it? A whiff of smoke brings me back to the present. I look around, just recalling why I'm even out here. I spot Jason at the end of the patio pavement, leaning against the railing that separates the dorm building from the main campus. He's smoking. I scrunch up my nose and cross my arms. It's cold out. "Jeez, man. You gotta knock that shit off," I tell him as I head over. "You reek like an ashtray." Jason flips me off and keeps puffing, staring out into the darkness. I stand next to him. The sky's clear, the stars are out and my breath puffs out in clouds matching Jason's smoke. He drops his cigarette and steps on the butt. I look at him, at his profile, his mouth set and firm, brows furrowed. He looks so damn serious lately. "You've changed, you know that?" Jason scoffs and pushes himself back from the rail. He's about as steady on his feet as I am. He looks me in the eye and I don't know what it is, but I can't look away. His eyes hold me fast. "Look in the mirror lately, Jackson? I'm not the only one who's changed." I frown. I did just look in the mirror. Maybe it isn't the alcohol I noticed. I remember the pipe I busted, and wince inwardly. I wonder what my chances are of getting away with that. I don't even want to think about it now. I push the thoughts about myself away. It's more fun to poke Jason. "Well, I'm not complaining … except for the ashtray smell. At least you're not got a stick up my ass, and follow the rules to a T Mr. Perfect anymore. We're finally square." Jason cracks a grin and then laughs. "Don't diss the stick up your ass till you try it, Percy." My eyes boggle. What the hell? "Huh?" Still laughing, he slings his arm around my shoulders. "I'm messing with you, bro. Come on. Let's ditch the party. All the happy people are starting to piss me off." I like the easy way Jason and I fit together. Just bros, drunk and holding each other up. The weight of his arm around my back chases away the cold winter air. "Now you're talking my language." We push through the crowd of people and I snag a bottle of fireball on the way out. Hell, if we were staying we'd be drinking anyway. "Introvert party in my room or yours?" I ask when we reach the hallway. "Mine, definitely." "Yeah? Why definitely?" I stumble over my own feet and Jason catches me, his arm around my waist. My face flushes hot, but I'm just glad I didn't drop the whiskey. He leads the way to the elevator, not letting me go. "There's actually floor space in my room and it doesn't smell like your socks." I have to admit, he's got a point. XxxX It takes a minute for Jason to get his key to work, but I'm laughing so hard at the noises he makes trying, I don't notice the door I'm leaning on opening until I almost fall again. I yelp as Jason catches me and pushes me against the wall to keep me on my feet, and then the air shifts, the atmosphere growing heavy and I realize how close we're standing, how suggestive the position is that we're in. Jason breathes out slow and hot against my cheek. His breath smells like cigarettes, but as my mouth tastes like an armpit, I can't really complain. He takes a step back as if just realizing the awkwardness of our position. I tighten my grip on the bottle, hoping it won't slip out of my sweaty palm. I lift it up to break the silence. "Drink?" He blinks, and then takes off his glasses and cleans them with the hem of his T-shirt. "Yeah. Yeah, sure." I watch him cross the room, slipping his glasses