IMPORTANT: Both this story and my other Percabeth oneshot "I Love You" are entered in the fandom3 writing contest, so if you like it I would really appreciate clicking on over there and giving it a vote! Thanks guys! California gets hot in the spring. Much hotter than New York. Sitting in her father's back garden, sharpening her knife, Annabeth Chase felt the sweat gathering at her hairline and shoulder blades. It was too hot. She knew that she'd burn if she didn't go inside soon- being called dumb wasn't the only disadvantage to blonde hair. Only she didn't want to go back inside. Inside, Helen was baking, probably whistling as she did so, and the boys were digging one another in the ribs with their elbows, tongues sticking out in concentration as they played video games, and her father was upstairs in his office, fiddling with his toy planes. And Annabeth had made peace with that. That was okay. Her father was her father, the twins were her brothers and Helen was her stepmother, and they wanted her to live with them. They tried to treat her nicely and respect her. They were fine. But Matthew and Bobby weren't Malcolm and her cabin mates, and the nice-ish girls that she went to school with weren't her demigod friends, and her father wasn't Chiron, and Helen wasn't her all powerful ass-kicking goddess mother, and their crappy little housing estate was not Camp Half-blood. Chucking the rock that she had been using as a whetstone to the ground, she held her bronze weapon up to the sky and watched it glint in the sunlight. "Twenty more days," she told herself. "Just twenty more days". Trying to get a cab out of the city on a New York Saturday is about as easy as fitting both fists in your mouth. Annabeth's suitcase was far from light, and she did not appreciate having to pace up and down the pavement, dragging it behind her as she waved her arm wildly, desperately trying to hail a taxi. Yet she somehow knew even before they came round the corner that each one would be full. Seeing what appeared to be an unoccupied cab, she took a step further towards the edge of the curb and raised her arm. Only, it was not unoccupied, and it drove straight past her, and her being at such close proximity to the edge allowed her to be soaked in muddy water as the driver ploughed straight through a puddle. " Vlacas," she muttered as she wrung the water out of her jumper, which was basically calling herself an idiot in Ancient Greek. She crossed the street to the grassy area on the other side and shook her blonde curls free of their ponytail, mumbling multilingual curses as she tried in vain to rid them of the filthy water. She was focused, and did not see or hear the bushes ahead of her rustling. "I'm going to be late and I'll miss campfire," she complained to herself. "And Percy will have a field day over it since I always pester him about punctuality-" She stopped. She felt the eyes on the back of her head. In a nanosecond, she grabbed her knife from her belt and turned sharply to face the monster as the hellhound leaped upon her, knocking her to the ground. A child nearby screamed and dashed away- Zeus only knows what he thought he saw. Annabeth looked up at the beast, its piercing red eyes bearing into her as its jaw hung open revealing rows of massive canine teeth. A large string of drool hung from the corner of its mouth, which dripped onto her already soaked sweatshirt. Moving quickly, she took a stab at its nose. It whimpered and reared back, but before she could scamper backwards it took at swipe at her arm with its claw, knocking the knife from her grasp and sending it flying across the grass. The hound bared down on her, raising both claws to strike, and with a loud roar it- it- disintegrated? Golden coloured dust floated to the ground all around her. Annabeth looked up. None other than Percy Jackson himself was standing above her, sword thrown over his shoulder, a smug look of victory on his face. "Hey, Wise Girl," he said. "Rough day?". "Why aren't you at camp," she questioned, looking none too grateful as she got up and brushed the dirt from her jeans. "Nice to see you too," he replied, his voice rich with sarcasm while she crossed the lawn to retrieve her weapon. She ignored him. "In answer to your question," he added. "I was just about to hail a taxi to Half-blood Hill when I saw a damsel in distress over here-" "Don't you dare make me out to be 'in distress' ," she interrupted. "I had it perfectly under control. Besides, I'm not a damsel". "I don't know about the being a damsel part, but you certainly looked distressed to me," he said, attempting to carry her suitcase for her only to have it snatched back immediately. "I mean," he continued, slinging his backpack over his shoulder. "If I hadn't showed up and saved you, you'd be-" He was cut off as she shoved him up against a tree. "One word about this at camp Jackson and I swear on the River Styx…" Percy, being Percy, had the audacity to laugh, and with this came the usual desire to slap him, having such easy access to his face with him pinned against the tree, but also with this came a new feeling, a new desire that Annabeth had not felt before, having such easy access to his face with him pinned against the tree… She shook the horrid image quickly from her mind, walking briskly back to the pavement. Percy followed. "Are you going to call a taxi?" he asked. "Pfft," she scoffed. "Good luck with that". "What do you mean?" "All the cars are full, and the few that aren't won't stop" "Well, did you try whistling?" She stopped walking and turned to face him. "What?" "You know," he said. "Whistling. Like this". He stepped to the edge of the curb and put two fingers in his mouth, producing a loud, old-fashioned, New York cab style whistle. And sure enough, a yellow car immediately skidded to a halt beside the path. Annabeth stared at it. "You have got to be kidding be," she said as Percy reached for the handle of the back door. "After you, mademoiselle," he joked, holding it open for her, and she slightly reluctantly got in. Sitting in the back seat with him, she watched the price metre climbing up as they left the busiest part of the city. Leaning across, she whispered in mock astonishment: "You know, Perce, I'm surprised you can afford this. Have you actually been saving your money for once?" Smirking, he produced from his pocket a plastic card with the symbol of the Lotus Casino Hotel on it. "Would you look at that. Just like old times, eh Wise Girl?" And she couldn't help it. She laughed. "Thanks Katie!" Annabeth called over her shoulder as she crossed the gravel towards Cabin Three. She breathed in the smell of pine trees and strawberries and sighed a sigh of pure content. "Home," she thought. "At long last". "Hi Annabeth!" "Hey Chase!" "Boys!" she exclaimed. "Long time, no see". The Stoll brothers grinned at her. "Sure was," said Travis. "Yeah," added Conner. "We missed our favourite little know-it-all". "Yeah, well, she missed you too," she said as they hugged her. "Well, it was nice seeing you," Travis said as they pulled back and started to leave. "Wait," ordered Annabeth, smiling. She held out her hand expectantly. "Purse". They turned around, grinning. Conner placed the purse full of drachmas back into her hand. "You caught us, Clever-Clogs," he said, wagging his finger at her. "We'll have to be wary of this one, Travis. She knows our tricks". "I do," she agreed. "Okay then, bye," said Travis as they turned once more to go. "Knife," she demanded. Sighing they turned once again and reluctantly gave her back the bronze method of destruction. Conner raised his eyebrows at her, as if challenging her. She smirked. "Earrings. Hand 'em over" "Aw what?!" exclaimed Travis, handing them back. "How did she…?" "Dude, I swear she's psychic," said Conner dejectedly as they started back towards the Hermes cabin. "Bye boys!" she said cheerfully, laughing to herself as she knocked on the door of the Poseidon cabin. "Who is it?" called a voice from inside. "Let me in, Seaweed Brain" She heard him laughing, and a wet-headed Percy opened the door. "Been swimming?" she asked as she stepped inside. He shook his head. "Been showering," he explained. "I paid a visit to Mrs. O'Leary earlier". "Say no more," said Annabeth, sitting on his bed and smoothing out the covers, making herself quite at home. He laughed. "You know you're not supposed to be here, right?" he asked, but he was smiling. "You know I'm Chiron's favourite, right?" she answered. Percy smiled. "Say no more," he repeated. "There's a stain on your shirt," she pointed out. "And…?" "You should change it before dinner" "Because…?" "Because it's dirty!" "But why should I-" "Change your shirt, Percy!" she ordered, pointing a firm finger at him. "Okay, okay," he muttered, reluctantly grabbing one from the half-open bag at the end of his bed. He pulled the old one over his head and Annabeth lost focus for a moment. Was he always that well defined? Holy Hera, was that a six pack? When did that happen?! Swimming must- She snapped back to reality as he pulled the clean t-shirt down over is chest. Shaking her head slightly, she regained her composure. "There. Satisfied?" Percy said, evidently disgusted by his own lack of will power. "Yes that's much better," she said. He simply shook his head, looking down at the floor in bewilderment. "Annabeth Chase, what on Earth am I going to do with you?" When he looked back up at her, she noticed a sparkle in his sea-green eyes that she had not noticed before, and it made her heart skip a beat. What the Hades was happening to her?! She shrugged. "I don't know, but you better think of something, because you're stuck with me," she smiled. He dropped to his knees, and joining his hands together and looking up at the ceiling yelled: "Oh gods above, please, please have mercy!", causing her to collapse back onto the bed in peals of laughter. He soon joined her on it, both of them laughing and laughing until they were laughing at nothing, and their laughter eventually died out until all that was left was the odd giggle from one or the other as they lay on their backs, and then it stopped completely, and they lay in silence. Annabeth was suddenly hyper aware of how close their hands were. All she had to do was move but an inch in order to slip it into his. She wanted to pull it away, but there wasn't enough room to execute it without making it extremely obvious what she was doing. Percy must have noticed this as well, for quite suddenly sitting up he said: "We've got a couple of hours. What do you want to do? Sparring?". Annabeth sat up too. "Surely you've not finished all your unpacking yet?" she questioned. He looked confused. "What?" "Well, we can't go frolicking about with cases still to be emptied" "But-" "Ah ah ah," she said. "Don't argue with me. You know very well what you ought to be doing, Perseus Jackson. Now hop to it!". Percy groaned. "'Change you shirt!'. 'Start unpacking!'. You sound just like my mother" Annabeth grinned. "And that's a bad thing because…?" she said, making her way towards the door. He only chuckled, shaking his head