A/N: Hey guys! So pre-warning before any new readers read this. This story is a sequel! It is the sequel to my story Revenge. If you are interested I recommend go to my profile and read Revenge. If you like it then I welcome you to come back and read Burn as well. As for all of my returning readers, sorry you had to listen to my babble. Enjoy the story, I hope you like the continuation of Aspen's story! As Gale went stomping down the stairs I flopped onto my bed and nearly rolled myself onto the floor. The mattress felt wrong. It was too soft. But everything these days felt wrong. Lately, everything was going wrong. Every single day I spent almost completely alone. In the mornings, well I didn't really do mornings anymore. I would stay up until three or four in the morning so that I was so exhausted I would finally fall asleep from a complete lack of sleep. But even then, it was a restless sleep. I wouldn't really wake up until about eleven or twelve, shaking and drenched in sweat from my nightmares. I would stand in the shower for nearly an hour and then I would head out into the living room to see that Gale and Katniss were already gone hunting. After that I would eat something that would leave even a pigeon hungry and lay on the couch for a while longer, trying to find something on the television that wasn't the Hunger Games related. Once I would finally work up enough strength to leave the couch I would head into the garden and chat with Prim for a while. She knew that I really wasn't comprehending much of what she was saying to me, but I appreciated the effort. If I felt like it that day, I would head out to have a small talk with Haymitch. Although we rarely talked. We would drink and play a game of darts before I would silently slip from his house, making the silent promise that I would be back soon. Sometimes I would check my mailbox on the way back to the house for letters from Cato or Finnick, but those were rare. The Capitol were extremely slow about letter delivery. After a disappointing lack of delivery I would turn and head back to the place that I spent most of my days avoiding. By that time it was normally close to dinner time and I would head back home to see that Gale and Katniss were back with the small amount of game. Not that Katniss really needed to hunt anymore, I was pretty sure that it just made her feel better. Plus it was time for her and Gale to get out of the house and conspire on their next plot to get me out of my funk. The last few months had been terrible. My nightmares were only getting worse with the passing days and I knew that I scared Prim in the middle of the night with my screaming. Katniss tried to get me to perk up with girl talk about Cato, but I rarely had anything to say to her other than checking to make sure that she was alright. Ms. Everdeen had become mom to me but that didn't mean that I was really that close to her. She tried to make my favorite meals and talk with me at night, but nothing that she did worked. Even Madge had visited a few times, telling me that she was grateful that I had worn the pin. I would tell her that it was no problem before turning to look out my window, waiting for her to take her leave. Haymitch would try to get me to talk every once in a while, but one shake of my head would shut him up instantly. Everyone in my life had just become a figure that was trying to get me back to normal, but nothing was working. Even Gale had been trying to get me to open up to him once more, and he had probably been the most successful, but I still rarely talked with him. Sometimes we would talk about the Games and he would let me cry about everything that had happened to me in them. Or other times I would tell him about the foolish people in the Capitol and would smile when he laughed at my stories. We had gotten along like nothing had changed in the beginning, but as the months had gone by and the Victory Tour had gotten closer, he had gotten more hostile. Gale wanted nothing to do with Cato but I wanted the two men to meet each other. They were the two most important guys in my life and damn it, I would get them to learn to get along if it killed me. Earlier today I had been begging Gale to meet Cato when he got here for the Victory Tour and he had spent the rest of the morning telling me that there was no way that he would talk to the other Victor. It was still early in the morning, only about ten, and the Victory Tour started tomorrow. Cato would be here tonight. I had come up here to take a break from Gale's incessant yelling but now I was ready to tell him that he had no choice in the matter. I stood from the white sheets and kicked the chair that Katniss had been sitting in last night out of my way before heading out of the room and stomping down the stairs. "You're meeting him, Gale!" I yelled at the top of my lungs as his long brown hair flashed in the corner of my eyes. He whipped back around to me and I felt the anger shoot through me. Gale had always intimidated me slightly but not anymore. Nothing scared me anymore, nothing except sleep. Sleep and the fact that in two weeks I would be in the Capitol, right within the reach of Seneca Crane and President Snow. Two of my least favorite people on the planet. Gale came within a few feet of me and the two of us stared at each other darkly. "Why the hell do you want me to meet Killer?" He asked me and I nearly slapped him for using the stupid nickname that he had given Cato a few weeks ago. "All he ever did was fuck you over during the Games and damn near kill you! Screw him, I love you Aspen but I am not meeting him," he said to me with a dangerous hiss to his voice. I knew that he was serious about not meeting him, but this was Gale. He was never serious about these things. He would get angry with me for a while but he would get over the fact that he had to meet Cato and he would grit his teeth. But this was more serious than I had seen him in a long time. I went to argue back with him that Cato was the reason that I was alive but Katniss stepped between us. Lately she had been the person that had diffused our fights, and that wasn't stopping any time soon. "Not this again," she sighed as she pinched the bridge of her nose. "Come on you two, stop fighting about this. I've heard this fight nearly every day since the Victory Tour got mentioned. Gale, leave her alone. He clearly means a lot to her and she wants you to meet him. Just suck it up and meet the guy," she said and I gave a small smirk. I knew that she wasn't Cato's biggest fan, but at least she was willing to meet him. "And Aspen, you have to understand why we are hesitant to meet him. He threatened to kill you more than once and he doesn't exactly seem like the best type of guy," she told me and my anger spiked. Most of the time I was quiet, but every once in a while my anger came on full force. And it was normally during a fight or time where I felt like I was being backed into a corner. "I thought you were with me on this!" I shouted at her and I saw her flinch. Calming down slightly, I took a deep breath and sighed as I took a small step towards her. "You know that we both went into the Games with the same intent. All we wanted to do was get in, win, and go home. By any means necessary. He knew that he was getting close to me and in his mind the only way to solve that was to threaten me. Look, he went about everything the wrong way but he's a good guy. You both might know that if you took the time to get to know him," I snapped and I saw the flash of guilt shoot through her eyes. Katniss took a few steps closer to me and she gave me a small hug. I didn't hug her back, but it was a common occurrence these days. I was extremely detached. "Aspen I am with you on this one," she told me and I scoffed loudly. "But you have to understand that we didn't see everything that you saw in the arena. We saw him sitting by the other Careers always telling them how you were his kill. We saw a man that wanted you dead," she told me with a sad smile and I shook my head. Gale was leaning back on the door and I stared at him for a moment, cocking my head at him. I could tell that he wanted to say something but the question was whether or not he would say anything. "Or one that wanted you in his bed," he said lowly and I felt my heart fall. Ever since I had been back he had frequently made snide little comments about the time that Cato and I had been in the cave together. He clearly had been as upset about it as I had thought that he would be. "Gale!" Katniss shrieked as she walked over to him and slapped him over the back of the head. He glared at her and I watched as she challenged him to say anything else to her. Making the wise choice he backed down from her and she shook her head. "Was that really necessary?" She asked him and he shook his head lightly. "Now listen you two, you are going to stop this stupid fight. You've been having it for nearly a month and you've gotten nowhere with it. Now I'm going to go out hunting. Gale you are coming with me. Aspen, I'd really like for you to come too. You haven't been once since you've been back," she told me and I stood completely still. She was right. I hadn't even set foot into the woods since I had been back to District 12. For about two weeks the pair had sat at home with me, just offering their comfort. But one day they had decided to go hunting, and I had tried to go. We had made it to the fence, but that had been as far as I had gotten. I had looked out at the grass and seen everything. I saw the Cornucopia and heard the countdown until the Bloodbath. I saw every Tribute's life leave their eyes as I killed them. I felt the knives puncturing me of every Tribute that I had fought with, and I heard the dying cries of all of those who had lost their lives in my Games. I had freaked out and had to be dragged back to Ms. Everdeen to be calmed down. A few weeks later the pair had offered to take me out again, but I