A/N: This story I am co-writing with Golden Immortality. We are going to try to update this every week. Let us know what you think, we love to hear from readers. :) Chapter One The Reaping District 8 Soft humming welcomed me when I stepped into our small living area. My mother sat at her table hunched over some drawing paper, pieces of her long chestnut hair, that is identical to mine, had escaped her ponytail and fell into her face. But she did nothing to move them. I smiled, when inspiration struck her nothing could disturb her. My mother was known in the district as the one and only seamstress, mending old clothes our neighbors brought to her. I moved to the small kitchen when I heard the tea kettle start to whistle. One of the privileges of living in the less poorer part of the district. I poured the tea and brought it back to my mother. I sat the cup down on the table and she looked up at me. "Thanks sweetie," she said. "What are you working on?" I asked her, looking over her shoulder at the papers sprawled out in front of her. She quickly pushed them all into a one pile, so I couldn't see. "It's a surprise," she replied. "You should show your designs to Mr. Stonewell," I told my mother, speaking of our head peacekeeper in the district, as I settled myself on the sofa. "When you return his clothes to him," One of the conditions for my mother mending clothes for extra money, our lovely head peacekeeper gets his service free of charge. "Honestly, Sara," Mother said as she picked up a pile of clothes that needed to be mended. "Where do you get these crazy ideas?" "It's not crazy to want you to get some credit for what you do," I explained, watching her get up to get her sewing kit. "All my friends always ask where I get my clothes and I have to make up some lie. It's not fair." "No, it's not," Mother agreed and I was a little shocked. I didn't expect her to give in so easily. She turned to face me. "But that's the life we live in." "Mama!" came my five-year-old sister's squeal from the room she and I shared upstairs. Mother gave me a last smile before hurrying off to fetch her. "Hurry up and get dressed. We can't be late for the Reaping!" she called over her shoulder. I watched her hurry up the narrow staircase, and then glanced over at my mother's worktable. I know I shouldn't, but I can't help myself, I'm curious. Getting up off the couch, I crept over to the table to take a peek at what my mother was working on. I had just lifted the portfolio flap when something darted across my bare feet. Gasping, I grasped the edge of the table to steady myself. A loud meow brought my gaze to the couch. A furry calico cat sat on the arm of the couch, her amber eyes staring at me. "Patches, you scared me," I scolded the kitty. Patches only cocked her head and inspected her paw for dirt. Smiling, I picked up the cat and settled her in the crook of my arm, where she liked. The cat held a special spot in my heart, since she was a gift from my father, the last gift from my father, on my eleventh birthday, four years ago. He had found her outside the Justice Building, and had brought her home for both me and my sister. A few hours later, he was killed. Patches meowed again, breaking me out of my thoughts, and jumped out of my arms. She landed on the worktable, spreading and crinkling my mother's designs. "Bad kitty!" I shooed her off the table. Patches just looked at me, then plopped down and rolled, scratching her back on the table. "Hey!" I picked her up and dropped her onto the floor, where she sauntered off to the kitchen. Looking down at the mess she had just created, my gaze caught on one piece of paper, half-covered by other sheets. I couldn't see the whole design, just the bottom of a sparkling gown, but I did catch one word scribbled in the bottom corner. Capitol Before I could wrap my head around at what that could possibly mean, my mother called me, telling me to hurry up. Molly's voice was right after her, like a tiny parrot. "I'm coming!" I called, and carefully pushed the papers into a pile again. I hurried up the stairs, to the bedroom my sister and I shared. When I entered the room, my mother was sitting on my bed, with my sister on her lap, fixing a ribbon in her long, curly, black hair. Molly looked up at me and smiled, a big gap where her two front teeth should be. "Here's your dress," Molly said, lifting up my pale yellow dress. It was simple halter dress, with a satin ribbon cinched at the waist. One of my mother's creations. After mother was finished with her hair, Molly hopped down and twirled around in a circle. "Do you like mine?" I smiled. She was wearing a purple dress, with capped sleeves, a bow cinched in the back at the waist, and pleated ruffles on the bottom. She had purple sandals on her feet, the soles making a thwaping sound as she skipped around. "You look lovely," I told her, kneeling down in front of her. "Perfect for the party, and tonight, we'll have a great feast!" Molly didn't understand what exactly the Reaping was, she thought it was a party, and if your name was called, you won a prize. We weren't quite ready to tell her the truth yet, so we played along and we usually went all out for dinner, meat, potatoes, greens, and even a chocolate pie from the bakery. In a way, it helped my mother and I get through the day, and to celebrate another year I didn't get chosen for the Hunger Games. "C'mon, put your dress on!" Molly said excitedly, shaking my hands. "Okay," I shushed her. I stood up and pulled off my nightgown. Molly oohed and ahhed as I slipped on my yellow dress. My mother came over and tied the knot behind my neck. She picked up a brush and started brushing my hair, humming softly to herself. I closed my eyes, locking this moment away in my mind for later. The feel of my mother's fingers as she gently detangled stubborn knots in my hair, and her soft, beautiful voice were only two things I wanted to preserve. "Sara?" I opened my eyes at Molly's voice, and realized that my mother had stopped brushing. "Yes, Molly?" I responded to her. She walked toward me, her hands cupped around something. "I picked this for you," Molly said. She opened her hands, and a yellow flower lay in her palm. "To wear with your dress." "Oh, Mol, thank you," I replied, taking the flower from her. In turn, my mother took the flower from me and tucked it in my hair, behind my ear. "You look beautiful, honey," my mother told me, honestly. I blushed and and busied myself with putting on my white sandals. "Like a princess," Molly added. Wanting to get the attention off myself, I held out my hand to my little sister. "Ready to go?" I asked her. Molly nodded eagerly and took my hand. I led her out of our room as she skipped along beside me, with our mother right behind us. As we stepped outside, my heart started beating fast as it usually did on the walk to the square on Reaping day. And I did what I always do since my very first Reaping, I wished my daddy was here with me. District 10 The sun was low in the sky, the work day was just starting. I was out at my family's barn, where we keep our cattle. I always get up early to feed them and to check on my cow, Belle. My older brother, Tristan, was up as well, helping my father fix the fence that was broken and rotted in some places. Holding on to some hay, I slipped inside the gate and walked over to Belle. I dropped the hay in front of her, and she instantly began munching on it. "How are you doing today, girl?" I murmured, patting her neck. I ran my hand down her back, then down around her swollen belly. She was pregnant with her first calf. I was excited since I had her since I started school; I can't wait to see her calf. "How she doing, Lisa?" Tristan called out to me. I ducked under her head to her other side, where I could see my dad and brother. "Just a few more weeks now," I told them, smiling. "Hey, Lis, before breakfast, I need you to milk the two heifers," my dad asked. "Okay," I called back. I turned back to Belle, who was looking at me. I gave her another pat and hugged her. "Watch them, ok, make sure they don't hurt themselves," I laughed. "I heard that," I heard Tristan yell as I went through the gate and made my way back to the barn. Our property wasn't really that big. We have one corral for our cattle (the Peacekeepers don't allow the livestock to wander). The barn sat right next to it, and our cottage-like home was just a few feet away from that. The families with livestock lived just outside town, so that there was room for the animals. There were only two other families with livestock; the Taylormans, who raised chickens, and the Collettes, with a pig farm. Inside the barn, I grabbed a few pails from the corner and walked down the aisle to the milking stalls. I was almost there when my ten-year-old brother, Gabe, jumped out from an empty stall into my path. He was trying to scare me, but he only succeeded in scaring Thunder, the family horse. He jumped to the back of his stall, neighing. "It's okay, boy," I assured him. His ears pricked forward, listening to me, as he took some cautious steps forward. I turned to Gabe. "You know dad would be angry at you if he saw you do that." My dad was always warning him not to scare the animals; they could get hurt. He ignored me, like he usually does. Gabe ran off to do something, play or work, and I got down to milking. A little bit later, Tristan came in after working on the fence to take the filled pails of milk to my mother, who would then get it ready to be sold in town. I was just finishing up when he came in the last time, telling me that breakfast was ready. I declined his offer to take the last pail, and carried it to the house. I carried the pail into the kitchen and placed it on the floor beside my mother. She was just about done bottling the milk. "Can I help you with this?" I asked her anyway, politely. My mother declined my offer, shaking her head. "No, I got it," she said. She turned slightly from her work to look at me. "I laid your clothes out for you. You better hurry up or we'll be late. I'll be up to fix you hair in a minute." She leaned forward and kissed my forehead. I gave her a tight smile, kissing her cheek. How could I forget? It' s reaping day. The day where one boy and girl from each district, between the ages of twelve and eighteen, are chosen for the annual Hunger Games. A fight to the death, shown all around the districts and the Capitol. I moved around