Thank you to everyone that voted in the Dark and Twisted Contest! I can't believe this won 1st Place! I'm still trying to grasp that lol. Thank you for reading and reviewing as well. If you didn't know about the contest or didn't have time to read them, go on over there. All the entries were amazing! Thank you so much to the Dark and Twisted Contest, Redtini, GeekChic12, Bigblueboat, and to my AMAZING prereader twilightladies1. Without them this would still be an idea in my head. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight in anyway at all. All I own are the plot bunnies that need to be told. The sun was shining brightly the day we moved to Maple Lane. I remember it well. There wasn't a cloud in the sky, yet the weather forecast was heavy rain. I freaked out when I heard that, and my husband just laughed, kissed my head, and told me the storm wasn't coming. We would be fine. That was back when I believed him, when I thought I knew him, and when things were perfect still. How wrong he was, because the storm was coming. It latched onto our heels and dragged us around with it. And we wouldn't be fine. Far from it. I looked around my new kitchen and tried to hold it together. The black granite countertops were covered with boxes, the scribbled print of my husband's handwriting on the side saying "Kitchen" in big bold letters, and my stainless steel pans were scattered all over. The curtains I'd ordered weren't in yet, so the sun was shining directly in my eyes. Everything was a mess, and I was getting so frustrated. "Ahhh!" I yelled. My voice seemed to echo in the empty house. I had been trying to unpack for hours, and it felt like I hadn't even made a dent in our things. All this unpacking was making me feel dizzy. I needed to focus on something other than these damn boxes. It felt so familiar to me, though. This was our third move in two years. We had been moving around the country due to my husband's job. My husband, Edward Cullen, owned his own website design business. He helped small businesses set up their websites and helped get their names out there. He was fantastic at what he did and tended to really make a difference in the companies he worked with. He explained that the frequent moving helped with gaining new customers in different regions. Also, something about wanting to be there, face-to-face, with the customers as opposed to meeting them and working with them via the phone or internet. As much as I didn't like all the moving about, I didn't question him. He was very successful at his job, and the house we'd bought this time proved it. He set us up in a very nice gated community. Plus, I didn't have to work, just stayed at home and hoped that one day we would get the news we were hoping for—a baby. We wanted a family, and moving into these big homes held the underlying hope that one day we would fill the rooms with a gang of our own. My husband was the kind of man who strived each day to give me what I wanted and what I needed. We had met one day when I was working at a bookstore. He came in to see if we had this mystery book he wanted, and when I found it for him, he gave me a big smile, showing off his straight, white teeth and nice full lips. I wasn't one with a verbal filter at the time and embarrassingly voiced my desire to kiss him. He wasted no time in fulfilling that want, and we were married six months later. Since then, he had continued to spoil me. Just looking around at all the expensive kitchenware, I knew it was true. I decided to take a break, and it was good timing too since the doorbell rang, signaling what I expected to be the first of our neighbors coming to welcome us to the neighborhood. Hopefully this town wasn't fond of casseroles. The last move we'd made, we ended up with four sitting in the fridge by the time Edward came home that first night. I swung open the door, and two pairs of excited eyes stared back at me. The first woman was shorter than me, I would guess just under five feet, and had a cute pixie cut. Her black hair curled by her ears. The other woman had light blonde hair with hints of red in it and seemed to be my height, just slightly curvier than me. Both held what looked to be some sort of dessert in their hands. The shorter woman spoke first, her voice high-pitched and full of excitement. "Welcome to the neighborhood! My name is Alice Brandon; this is Tanya Denali! We live on either side of you and thought it would be nice to bring over some sweet desserts!" They each had a plate of what looked like sugar cookies. The good kind with the frosting. Her smile was so big, it had to give her cheeks a workout to stretch her lips that far. I smiled back at her when Tanya added, "Plus, we figured you would be getting too many casseroles from those snobby bitches down the street." She nodded her head to the left, and we all looked at the houses that seemed like they stepped out of that Stepford Wives movie. "You read my mind. I'm Bella Cullen. Come on in." I took their delicious treats, and they followed me into the bare house, our heels clicking on the oak floors. I led them into the kitchen; their eyes scanned the piles of boxes. "Sorry it's a mess. We're still unpacking." I shrugged my shoulders and set the plates of cookies on the counter. "Don't worry about it," Tanya said, waving her hand in the air as if she was waving away the issue. "Pour me a glass of wine, and let's help you unpack." "Yeah! That sounds like fun." Alice smiled, and it seemed it took me less than twenty-four hours of living in my new home to make new friends. That was a record for me. "You really don't have to. I feel terrible welcoming you two into my home and then forcing you to do manual labor." Tanya laughed, "We're doing this for us. We want to see if you have nicer stuff than us. We're being purely selfish right now." The kitchen and the living room were unpacked before I set dinner down on the island counter for my husband. He walked into the kitchen, his reddish brown hair still damp from his shower, and placed a kiss on my cheek before he took a seat in front of his steak and potatoes. "Oh, Bella." He groaned as he looked at his favorite meal. "You really know how to spoil me." I smiled at him, happy to make him happy. "Just repaying the favor." His green eyes sparkled as he gave me one more smile and then dug into his food. He ate like he hadn't seen food in weeks, but I guess that just meant he liked what I made. I wasn't going to argue with that. We ate in comfortable silence, occasionally telling each other parts of our day. I told him about making new friends, and he seemed happy for me. He knew how lonely it could be, moving to a new town and having to start over. He told me about some possible new clients he'd hope to work with. He seemed really animated about it—that made the move worth it. "I love you," I said as I pressed my lips to his. He tasted like the wine he was sipping, slightly sweet. He groaned when I pulled back, biting his bottom lip. I went to get up, but he grabbed my arm and pulled me onto his lap. "I love you too," he replied as he nuzzled my neck. I held back a giggle as he gave me gentle kisses on my skin. "I think I want my dessert now." I shifted slightly, enjoying the feel of his growing erection. His voice was low and hoarse—already a tell-tale sign of how turned on he was. "Oh, really? Let me get the lemon squares from the fridge." I went to get up again, teasing him, and he pushed the plates off the island. The sound of breaking crockery halted me. He took my second of hesitation, picked me up, and set me on the cold granite. "Edward—" He silenced me with his lips, his hands grabbed at my face as he kissed me like a starving man. He pushed my legs apart and stepped between them, pulling me toward him so my ass was right on the edge of the counter top. His hand went up my skirt and pressed against my silk panties, expertly finding my clit. I moaned and threw my head back as he sucked on my neck. With the pressure he was applying, I knew he was leaving a mark for everyone to see. Just the thought of wearing his mark turned me on even more. "I'll buy you new plates, just let me show my wife how much I appreciated her meal." He moaned against my neck. Shivers went through my body as I heard the desire in his gravelly voice. His finger slipped past the silk fabric and entered me easily. I could hear how wet I was, and we had barely started. I moaned as he pumped his fingers in and out of me, the sound of his panting as he continued his movements spurring me on. "Fuck, baby, the way your skin lights up when you're so close, it makes me so damn hard." I grabbed his hand as I came hard against his fingers. "Oh, God," I screamed, coating his fingers with my juices. My eyes were shut as I recovered from my orgasm. Shudders rippled through my body as his fingers worked me slowly, taking as much pleasure from me as possible. I heard his belt buckle as he fumbled with his pants. He wasn't waiting any longer. I let him push my legs wider, my body feeling like Jell-O, as he lined his cock up to my core. "I hope that was thanks enough because I need to be greedy now, baby." I wrapped my hands around his strong back and opened my eyes to watch him slide into me. He didn't stop until we were flush against each other. My heart was pounding, I knew he could hear it. I started to move. I needed the friction, but he shook his head. "I'm in charge, baby, and you're going to enjoy it." The gruff sound of his voice had me clenching around him again. He pulled all the way out and slammed back into me, causing my back to arch off the cool granite. He showed no mercy as he continued with his torturous thrusts. He knew how I liked it and would repeatedly pull all the way out before thrusting into me in one quick movement, each time feeling better than the last. Our skin made a delicious slapping sound as it echoed throughout the kitchen. His breathing was labored, and I knew the sight of my breasts bouncing from his thrusts was getting him close. But I needed more. I couldn't take it. I wanted that fast pace he was so good at. I dug my nails into his back and pulled him closer to me. He gave me his famous smirk, and the next thing I knew, he was picking up his speed. Seconds later, I was seeing stars. My nails scratched down his back as my breasts pressed against his chest, and I