This was my entry for the Friends to Lovers Contest! It was such a fun contest and you should all go check out the amazing entries! Thank you to kitchmill and sophiacorgi for all your help! I can't tell you how much I appreciate it! Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, at all. I just wrote this little thing. The hall was full of pink roses. Her favorite color and her favorite flower. I smiled to myself as I remembered the late nights we had spent going over wedding details as she frantically chugged Grey Goose from the bottle and went on and on about Paul. Some nights the comments would be positive and some not so much. At the time, I didn't really understand what the deep seated feeling of anger I had bubbling up inside of me was. Was I annoyed that out of the two of us she was getting married first? Was I annoyed that my best friend was so ready to move across the country for some guy she had only known for two years? Was I annoyed that she found love before me? I didn't really know at the time. I just pushed the feeling down and kept going. I put on a brave face and helped her with all the last minute details. Her fiancée, Paul Lahote, the big shot lawyer from Chicago, couldn't help her with it all because he was miles and miles away doing lawyer stuff. Whatever. Plus, he had no idea what her favorite flower was. It was evident in the large number of daisies he would send every time he missed something or if he screwed up. She hated daisies. And I hated him. But she would smile and thank him, completely hiding away the real Bella Swan and becoming the Isabella Swan she had let Paul create. The Bella Swan I knew loved to sing at the top of her lungs in public, no matter how terrible she sounded. Paul couldn't stand anything that would embarrass him. She loved wearing her hair up in some sort of bun on the top of her head so her long bangs wouldn't fall in her eyes. Paul preferred her hair straight, saying it made her look more feminine. She loved the color pink, even if she wouldn't dare wear it. Paul thought she favored yellow. And she loved roses because she fell in love with Titanic. Paul had never seen the movie, and when Bella asked him to watch it, he said no. He didn't know the reason why she loved Titanic; he didn't know it was because ever since she saw that movie, she would dream of finding someone who loved her as much as Jack loved Rose. Sadly enough, she didn't find that love. Well, I didn't think so at least. She thought different, and that was why she was getting married to Paul. That's why she was in a wedding dress she hated and was sporting a forced smile while trying to calm her nerves. I didn't have to see her to know. I knew all this because I'm her best friend, and part of being her best friend meant knowing her better than she knew herself. I also knew because the one thing she had been looking for since she left that movie theatre so long ago, eyes filled to the brim with tears, was hidden in my eyes every time I looked at her. I didn't know what I was feeling all those late nights when we would search the web looking for the perfect floral arrangement, or those times we went to cake testings, trying to find the perfect wedding cake. But I realized it the day someone mistook me for the groom. We were sitting in the dress shop she had dragged me along to with her mother and future mother-in-law. I was being cheeky with her mom, Renee, going on and on about how some man would be scooping her up soon if she didn't stop looking so gorgeous, when the sales woman came by. She glanced at the three of us laughing and smiled. "Isn't the groom supposed to be surprised by the wedding dress? Isn't that the whole point of the big day?" she asked, her voice laced with a hint of teasing. Both Renee and Mrs. Jane Lahote looked at me, laughing. But I didn't feel like laughing as I ran my hand through my reddish hair. I felt like a weight had fallen down on me. Like some sort of force was crushing my stomach, and my heart. I couldn't breathe. I just shook my head and Jane answered for me. "Oh no, dear. He's just the best friend. She's marrying my son. So it's totally fine that Edward here tags along." Jane put her hand on my shoulder, throwing me a smile. I shot her what I hoped looked like a smile in return. With my luck, it was probably more of a grimace. I got up and went to grab a drink from the water fountain they had by the restrooms. All I could think about was the reality of the situation. Bella was getting married. She was going to be moving across the country with a man she loved but didn't deserve her. And the reason this bothered me was because I loved her. I wanted to be the guy she woke up next to every morning. I wanted to be the person she shared her love with. I knew I would do anything for her; that was how it always was. But in that moment, I allowed my guard down and finally let myself in on the feeling I had been neglecting for years. Just doing that, I could feel my heart beating faster and my palms got shaky. I felt sick to my stomach, but in a good way, like on the drop of a roller coaster ride. It was an amazing feeling. It was like a cheesy movie montage was playing in my mind and all I could see was Bella. I saw the moment I first met her, her brown hair in pigtails as she casually told me about her parents' divorce the day she moved next door. I saw her brown eyes as she clapped in the audience of the school's band performance, cheering me on as I fumbled my way through the songs on my tuba. I saw her the day my grandfather died, her tears matching my own and her arms holding me tighter than ever before. I saw her the first day of high school, biting her lip as an older guy tried to talk to her. I could still feel the clench in my jaw as I balled up my fists in anger. I saw the bright red of her first string bikini the summer of our sophomore year and remembered how I had to hide in the bathroom so no one would see the tent I had in my trunks. I saw her at Prom, wearing the dress she made herself, on the arm of someone else, and the way her eyes always found mine and smiled. I saw her the day we graduated college, her lips stained pink with her color of confidence as she tackled me in a hug, shouting how we had finally done it. And I saw her coming to my apartment, her shiny engagement ring on her finger, and her smiling face hiding the sadness she was bottling up. My heart tugged and I felt lost. Thinking back, I had so many opportunities to be honest with myself about my feelings. It was all there. Every ounce of love I had hidden from myself was trying to break its way through to get out. To let me know what was happening. And of course, the moment I realized it would have to be the moment we were looking for her perfect wedding dress. I put myself back together and returned to my seat, only to be met with the most beautiful sight I had ever seen—Bella in her wedding dress. Her shoulders were bare and the dress seemed to fit her like a glove, forming to her body so her curves showed the woman she had become. The bottom flowed out to the floor, and it looked like someone had pinched the fabric and left it there. From where I stood, I saw some sort of beading by her hips, and it made me want to reach out and touch her. She looked stunning. My eyes went over her body and finally caught hers in the mirror. Brown met green as she watched me, seeking my approval. My heart started beating faster, and I tried to give her a reassuring smile. It might have been just me, but she had a different look in her eyes, something softer, as she held my gaze. I cleared my throat. "You look beautiful." Her eyes filled with unshed tears, and she looked away from me as her cheeks filled with color. "You have to say that." She hid her emotion behind a laugh and I shook my head. "No, I don't. I'm only telling you the truth. You look amazing." She gave me a small smile, and that was when I remembered we weren't alone. I hadn't even realized Jane and Renee were there still, chattering away about how gorgeous she looked and how perfect everything was going to be. "I still like the one I picked out," Jane smiled. "You look gorgeous in this one, doll, but can you imagine how gorgeous you will look in the long sleeved one? Princess Kate will have a run for her money!" Jane and Renee laughed together and Bella simply nodded her head. She gave me one more glance before she went back into the dressing room. Almost as if she wanted to preserve that moment in history. She ended up going with the dress Jane suggested. She looked gorgeous in that one too, and from the photo Jane showed me on her phone, she did give Kate Middleton a run for her money. But the first dress was still my favorite, and from the way Bella's eyes were glued to the dress as it was taken away, I knew it was hers too. We didn't talk about the dress and we didn't talk about my feelings. We simply went on with our lives. Bella kept begging me for help, and I kept giving in. Her arguments were correct, I did know her best. So planning things with me made it easier on her. I helped her decide on the thing she wanted, not the things she thought Paul would want. But on the big day, seeing everything we had worked so hard on for months come to life, I had to force myself to smile. I wanted to be strong for her. I wanted to give her everything she wanted, just like Jack did in Titanic. He let Rose go so that she could live a life he could never give her. Well, actually he died, and she got to live because he refused to man up and demand more room on that fucking door, but as Bella always says, he gave her a second chance at life. I felt like Jack at that moment, which is something I would never say out loud. If I did and somehow my brother Emmett heard about it, I would be called a woman for the rest of my life. But I was trying to do the right thing and not interfere. Telling Bella my feelings now wouldn't solve anything. Honestly, it would make things worse for her. I knew she relied on me a lot for support, and throwing in the feelings may make things weird. I wouldn't want her to ever feel uncomfortable coming to me or because she didn't know how I would feel about