Dior Rob Contest Title: Spark Summary: Edward Cullen is reaching his breaking point with Hollywood. He's tired of being a pawn in the studios games. Thankfully, meeting a cute server at a party may change all that. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Prompt used:#41, #46, #10, & #4 Word count: 7,619 Thank you so much to my awesome beta Kitchmill who helped me so much with this! Thank you to the Dior Rob Contest! It was such fun! Go check out the other entries and go congratulate the winners! Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. The plot is mine and it is made up. The ballroom housed at least a hundred people, all dressed to the nines in the best designer brands available. I had on my uncomfortable tux and refused to know who made it. That way when people asked, I wouldn't sound like a tool answering them. Everyone was all about labels. No one cared about the person behind the mask they've created. They just cared about the label. It was something that was becoming really disheartening to me. I had been in the Hollywood business a very long time. I knew how things worked. I knew the magical illusion of it all. I knew that things were not always what they seemed. But I was getting sick and tired of being a pawn in their games. The studio, the media, everyone was using me as a pawn. My job was to be an actor, not to have my life drawn out for me just so the studio could benefit from it. I couldn't remember the number of times I was thrown into the headlines and attached to one of my costars for the benefit of my movie. It was all about making money. It was never about me. It was never about what I wanted or what was good for me. It was what would be good for the studio or the movie. I was done. I wanted out. I was sick of the stalking the paparazzi did. I couldn't leave my house without some creep with a long lens shooting at me. It was frustrating. I was tired of not knowing who the hell I was. I couldn't keep the real Edward Cullen and the fake one straight. Hell, my name wasn't even Edward Cullen! It was Edward Masen. I needed something. Maybe some sort of spark that would lead me in the right direction. I've always heard, the best things start with a spark. Sadly, I had lost my spark a while ago with all the craziness surrounding me. That's the price of fame I guess. I threw back my scotch as I scanned the room. There were a number of beautiful people around, their hair done the right way and smiles plastered on their faces. They didn't look real though. Everyone looked like they were created to fill the mold that Hollywood put them in; tall, skinny, blonde, fake boobs, dimples, and the right amount of muscle. It was maddening. I tried not to laugh at the ridiculous stories the rags would come up with if they were here. According to them, I've slept with half these people and dated the other half. I could just see the headlines now, Exes Fight over Cullen's Affection . Lies. All of it was lies. The only person I've been sleeping with was my dog, Jake. Having sex with anyone in Hollywood was like signing yourself up for a visit to the doctor. Everyone slept around. I didn't want in on that at all. I glanced up and met the eye of my costar, Tanya Denali. She and I had been in one of the biggest blockbuster hits of the past three years. We seemed to be riding the high of being Hollywood royalty. Everyone wanted a piece of us. The studio thought it would be a great idea if Tanya and I were seen as an item. So for the past three years I had been dating Tanya. Well, to the media's eyes. In real life, Tanya was as straight as a limp noodle. We did have a lot of on screen chemistry, but I had a feeling she was picturing her assistant, Kate, not me when we had each of our kissing scenes. But we went along with the role the studio wanted us to play. It helped her get to where she wanted with her career, which was becoming a household name. And it allowed me to be able to pick and choose the films I actually cared about. It wasn't that I didn't like the big Hollywood movies. I would forever be grateful for taking the role of Rodger in The Modern Saga . But I wanted to make movies that really made an impact on the audience, and I didn't mean the drooling all my shirtless scenes caused in Modern . Being that well known meant that my life was forever being watched. I went out about a month ago to let off a little steam. My costars suggested this new club and, against my better judgment, I went. There was a girl there who was completely starstruck by me, and it was hard to say no. We ended up dancing that night and making out, with some wandering hands, in the corner of the VIP section. I didn't go home with her, but the damage was done. Someone had snapped a photo of it, and by the morning I was seen as a two-timing asshole. Ever since then, Tanya's team and mine had been working on damage control. They were trying to make us look as stable as possible. Knowing that Tanya was here meant that this event was going to be used to give us some good publicity. That's what I get for making out with a random valley girl. My agent, Emmett McCarty slid next to me at the bar and threw me a smile. He knew I detested these events, but he also knew I needed this. "Well, Ed, looks like you just have to be here another thirty minutes and then you can head out." Emmett's loud voice and dimpled smile made him likable, even when he was telling me something I didn't want to hear. "I thought I could leave in five." I tried to mask my irritation. I didn't want to come off as difficult in front of all of Hollywood's elite. I shot last year's Oscar winner a smile as he walked by, hoping he couldn't tell I was getting frustrated. Emmett shifted from side to side before he gave me a look. "Man, I know. This sucks. But it's Esme Carlisle's birthday, and the studio thinks it will look good if we get some camera shots of you and Tanya. Plus, if we got one of you and Esme maybe that will help hype up that protest movie you want to do. There've been talks that she may be attached to it." I sighed and ran a hand through my hair. He was right. Staying and playing it up so someone could "accidentally" take a camera shot of Tanya and me would help a lot. Not to mention what a picture of Esme and I together would do for the backing of my sixties movie. "Fine." I gritted my teeth and shoved the empty glass at Emmett. "Take the pictures fast. I want to get out of here." Emmett laughed, and I rolled my eyes. "Put a smile on that pretty face. People are always watching." I spent thirty minutes dancing with Tanya and Esme. We goofed off and it looked like we were having the time of our lives. I kissed Tanya a couple times, and I knew Emmett had gotten some great shots. After my performance, I went to the bar to get another drink when I nearly walked into a small blonde-haired woman. She was looking down as she tried to walk through the crowded room, a serving dish in her hands. "I'm so sorry," she said frantically as she tried to get out of my way. With the food on the tray and her sudden movement, I knew it was going to fall. I leaned over her and grabbed the tray before all the mini sandwiches fell to the floor. "It's my fault. I should be looking where I'm going." I smiled down at her and watched as her cheeks flushed in embarrassment. "I'm just so clumsy. Really, it's not your fault. But thank you for saving the food." She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and smiled at me. "It was my pleasure." I gave her back the tray and she went to leave. Something about her dark brown eyes made me stop her. "What's your name?" I asked as I touched her arm. "Bella," she stammered as she turned back around to face me. Her voice was soft and low. So soothing. She didn't seem anything like the plastic forms dancing in the ballroom. She seemed real. Her skin was so pale, nothing like the orange hue of everyone here, and she had the cutest dusting of freckles gracing her nose. "Bella," I said, testing out the way her name sounded on my tongue. It suited her. She really was beautiful. Not the fake beauty that filled the room, but real natural beauty. "You're beautiful." Her eyes hardened in what appeared to be disbelief. "Does that line work?" Her question hung in the air, waiting for my name. "Oh, I'm Edward, Edward Cullen...and it's not a line." I shook my head and ran a hand through my hair. "You really are beautiful. Your eyes seem so inviting. I've never met someone with such honest eyes." She looked down and smiled. It seemed like she wasn't used to compliments. "Thank you. That's very nice of you to say." A strand of blonde hair fell from her bun, and without thinking, I placed it behind her ear. "Why don't you thank me with a drink?" I asked. I normally didn't do this. The last girl I slept with was from my hometown, and that was because we had both gotten so drunk it just sort of happened. The last one I kissed was a mistake, but something about Bella made me want to ignore my last bad experience. I should be safe. No one in here was going to out the fact that I was having a drink with a cocktail waitress. But, I didn't know how to woo a girl like Bella. I didn't know what to say to her. I just knew I wanted to know her. She didn't seem like every other girl. She was just different. I couldn't put my finger on it. I could feel it. She shook her head and looked around the room, her teeth digging into her bottom lip. "I really can't. I'm working." "When do you get off?" I asked, surprising myself with my persistence. "I'm lucky. I only have an hour before I'm done. I was the opening shift and another group of people come in to close up the party. Who knows when it will end." She smiled at me and I laughed. It seemed like this wasn't her first Hollywood party. It was common knowledge that the Hollywood elite liked to let loose. We didn't care if the sun was coming up. As long as the alcohol was being served, we kept going. "Looks like I'm the lucky one. I get to spend some time with you." She gave me a smile before something caught her eye over my shoulder. "I won't be able to if I don't get back to work." She went to leave and again I stopped her. I glanced over my shoulder and saw an annoyed looking man. He must have been her boss. "Meet me at the bar when you're done, okay?" "Will do, Edward." She left with a nod of her