They can hurt me I never had much of an opinion of water as I was growing up. We depended on it and the sun to help us and the trees grow. I knew how to swim. Almost all children in District 7 learn how to swim in case we fall into a river or by the mill dam. We can't swim like the fishes in District 4 can but we get by. It wasn't until I was ten that I started to dislike water. My father died when I was ten. He was a lumberjack. I remember his arms the most. How his muscles strained against his poorly made flannel shirt from District 8. How they would hold me, my older brother, and my mother. His arms around me as he taught me to properly swing an axe. He was even teaching me how to throw one. He was the champion at throwing in our region when we held our yearly trials. The trials were the closest thing to a holiday we have in our district. It's supposed to be where the teenagers now old enough for jobs compete against each other so the overseers can decide where to assign them. That is still part of the trials but we also have contests to see which of us were the best at climbing, chopping, throwing and other things. Finnick once told me that District 4 had the end of fishing season festival, Katniss mentioned dancing in 12. We had our trials. My father was a good man. He never scolded me when I acted out as a kid though he probably should have. He let my mother decide on my punishments. Said he couldn't punish me for doing the exact same stuff as he had done as a child. My mother didn't punish me too harshly either. They were both tired by the time I came along, six years after my brother with a miscarriage in-between us. I got away with more than I should have. It put a spark of rebellion in me that has never entirely been squashed. It was an accident like most of the deaths in District 7. It's amazing if someone lives long in our district. It's usually one of three things that kill you in 7; tree, fire, or machine. You can toss in pregnancy if you're a woman. It was a tree that knocked my father down but the water that killed him. He had been helping to herd some oxen down to the river. They released the giant pine tree to slide down the hill into the river where it would drift down to one of the mills. The giant log tangled with a few previously fallen limbs and one caught hold of my father's pants. It pulled him into the water where the tree rolled on top of him. Sometimes, when I dream, I imagine him standing on the hillside. He's wiping his brow, sweat dripping from his sun highlighted hair. Maybe he was wondering what we would have for supper. And then it's just water. I see him thrashing as the tree pins him, as all the oxygen leaves his chest. Drowning is not an easy death. I started avoiding the water after that, after we laid my father's oak coffin in the ground. My brother, Don, noticed right away. He refused to let me develop a phobia of the water. He made me go swimming in the cold waters of our river in every spare moment we had. He told me that our father wouldn't want me to be scared of anything. So while I didn't like water, I could handle being around it because of Don. The Reaping was a very scary time for me growing up. Don had to take the tessera after my father passed on. It wasn't as easy to get food from the forest like my father knew how to do. Even it was just pine nuts or pecans; it helped with our growing bellies. We did go hungry quite a bit but lumberjacks burn a lot of calories so our district got more grain than others I suppose. Don had his last reaping when I had my first. My mother cried as we both escaped death. Don proposed to the pretty apprentice carpenter he had been courting a year after that. He was a climber. He would climb to the top of the tallest, sturdiest tree he could find, cutting off limbs as he went. Then he would cut off the top and attach pulleys so they could use it as a spar. He was one of the fastest climbers around. We all practice these things as children during our physical exercise period. We have practice axes that we swing continuously, building our muscle. They don't teach you how to throw because that would look like teaching someone how to fight in a rebellion but we all learn to some degree how to do it. We learn to wrestle because lumberjacks like to tumble on their off times. We learn to climb. We pull heavy objects around on sleds. Right from the beginning, we are trained to work. Women are never lumberjacks. The Capitol says we are too weak. We can be climbers, builders, papermakers, mill workers, or painters. I have no idea what I would have been if I hadn't been reaped. I was okay at climbing but they only took the best. I sucked at building things when we had shop in school. I didn't have the patience to be a painter. My mother was a painter. She painted or stained wood all day. They say she was pretty good, that she knew just how to work the finish so that it would come out smooth as silk. Papermaking smelled horrible and I knew I would rather die than be stuck in one of those factories all the time. Papermaking is where people go who aren't good at anything. The lumber mill is where people go who aren't good at anything but are smart enough to avoid losing body parts to the saw blades for a time. People who retire from the mill are almost always missing some part of their body. I was good at swinging an axe but I would never be allowed to be a lumberjack. They stopped teaching us girls to swing axes by the time we're thirteen. We did pick up other potential weapons like hammers or saws, but never the axe again. I wonder if the Capitol never letting women be lumberjacks is why our District has only had two female victors, including myself. We've had six guys win though none around my age. The other woman won the eighth Hunger Games, the year before Mags won, but she died around the time I was born. That was also the year Blight won. My brother and memory of my father made sure I always knew how to swing an axe. I would practice with any spare ones I could find, chopping firewood for the house or throwing them at trees in private. I did best with hand axes. I would practice them throwing on the run or while spinning. My mother never stopped me because there is always the lingering fear that your babies will be reaped. Her fear was found to be true. I was reaped on my sixteen birthday. The reaping is a long process since my district is one of the larger ones. There is a pre-reaping in my district. The day before the official Reaping, they draw out about 3000 kids' names. Then your name goes in however many times it's been put in before and if you have drawn the tessera. My name had been placed inside ten times since I drew the tessera for me and my mom three times. The day before the reaping if you have been pre-reaped, the Peacekeepers come to your door to round you up. You have thirty minutes to pick a potential token and pick out your best clothes to wear for the next day. Most kids are pre-reaped at least once or twice. Don was pre-reaped twice but he always got to come home. This was the first time I had been pre-reaped. The Peacekeepers came to the door in their gleaming white suits. My mother's hands trembled as she helped me pack one of her old dresses. She gave me one of her long wooden hair sticks as my token since we had nothing else small enough. My father had carved them for her from a piece of redwood and she had sanded and stained them to smoothness. She always twirled her long brown hair into a bun and pinned them in place with those sticks whether it was while she was working, cleaning or cooking. "We'll be there tomorrow and I pray we all go home together," She said, tears in her eyes. I hugged her for a long time before leaving. I didn't get to see my brother because he was working that day. All the childless workers have to keep working during the Pre-reaping and reaping unless you're close family with someone who has been pre-reaped. Then you get excused to go to the Reaping. It was a long, slow ride on the crowded train to the center of our district. They fed us a meager meal of cream corn and put all of us in huge warehouse. We all bunked on thin mattresses that night. The warehouse was warm with the bodies of three thousand kids. I tried not to look or talk to anybody, not even the kids from my region. I let myself stay numb through it all. The next morning I was standing in square before the Justice building. I was wearing my mom's dress and had her wooden spike keeping my long, brown hair in place. It seemed like another world when my name was called for the girls. I was in shock as I stumbled my way to the stage. I tried to find my mother and brother in a sea of onlookers but I couldn't. My male tribute was picked. A seventeen year old boy named Nick Benson who looks like he's been working as a lumberjack for years. I knew people would like him in the Capitol. He looked strong and tough. I didn't know what they will think of me. Soon it's time to see our families. Don and Mom rushed in and Don took control of the conversation. "You have to win, Johanna. You have to play it smart. You are strong, sly, and clever. You can throw an axe almost as well as father could." "And every Career from 1, 2, and 4 can throw all other kinds of things," I protested. Don gripped me by the arms and shook me. He refused to accept anything but me winning. "Johanna you have a fire in you that can beat all of them. Play it smart. Play like your weak and let them wound and kill each other out. Remember how they left that girl who went crazy alone last year because they didn't see her as a threat? She won the games." I wanted to protest she want because she was from 4 and the dam had broken. That was a hard moment for me to watch on television. It was impossible to not think of my father as we all watched the other tributes drown except crazed Annie who could swim like a fish. "Be weak, be stupid, and get away from everybody. Survive. Come home," Don ordered me. He looked so much like my father at that point. My mother just hugged me tight and said, "I love you." The Keepers pulled them both out of the room soon after. There was no one else to visit me. I took Don's words to heart. Some victors won by hiding until there was no one