o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o ~0~ There is Always Hope: The Firstborn at Helm's Deep ~0~ o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o Chapter One: The Arrival and The Loss o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o Tall rocks clipped the skyline in the distance as the dark cliffs came into view over sweeping plains. The lone rider smiled gently as he thought of his little brother, waiting there with that grin on his face that had charmed his foster father from age five. Although knowing the situation he was in at the moment, he probably wouldn't be smiling. Hopefully he wasn't getting into as much trouble as he did at that age... The thought was momentarily blown away by a blast of pain from his temple, made worse by the pounding of his white mare's hooves against the resilience of the grass. A frightened murmur sounded in his head. Elrohir... they are coming... I can hear them , it cried. The rider's eyes darkened, pain constricting his chest. " Dartho, gwanur-nin . Hold on, my twin brother," he murmured back, wind sweeping his dark hair from warm cerulean eyes. " Estelio nin. Estelio... Estel . Trust me. Trust... Estel." He felt his brother catch the sliver of humor despite their situation and smiled, forcing his energy to return. "I will be there soon, Elladan. Please, hold on." The flawless Sindarin spilled from his lips to his brother's ears through the great, dark void. He received an unseen but perceived nod in return. Each brother silently promised the other that they would have the full reserve of their strength. Elrohir urged the horse on, into the sloping hills that framed their destination. The white mare knew that something was dreadfully wrong with her Elven master and she was growing increasingly skittish as they rushed on through the waving tan blades. His grey-green cape swirled in the strong gusts from the precipices looming ahead, mixing with the dark streak of his long tresses. The edge of the drop brought them to a momentary stop as the white mare looked for a path to the rocky cliffs. Elrohir felt his grip weakening on the mare's mane, his slumped position against her neck growing more and more tenuous, and he was beginning to fear what would happen should he lose consciousness. I will hold for him , he thought grimly. I will not fail him now! Not again. Elrohir whispered another soft encouragement to the young mare and they sped away down the incline toward the the black stone walls shadowed within the deep. Helm's Deep. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o "How many did you say we have?" The dark-haired man demanded, piercing, bright blue eyes settling on a heavily-armored sentry in the centre of the throne room. "Three-hundred, sir. At most." His blood froze. The ranger's expression was practically unchanged but for the clenching of his jaw, the hard, tight set of his brow and high cheekbones giving his face a sharper edge. The legions of Uruk-hai he had seen crossing the plains were at least in the thousands. There was no way they would hold against them, not without reinforcements. Lots of reinforcements. As far as he knew there were none to be had. They would have to hold out until Gandalf returned, but Saruman's army would be here long before him. It was inevitable: for now, for tonight, they would be fighting alone. A silence overtook the large room, but not even the thundering of an oliphaunt could have penetrated the thick feeling of dread and grim realization that now filled every corner. Legolas and Gimli exchanged a meaningful look, not daring to speak. They didn't have to, as the silence was shattered abruptly when Aragorn made his way to the doors, the booted footfalls echoing across the stone. Legolas caught a quick glimpse of his expression before he was gone in a whirl of cape with the sound of his quick pace lingering down the hallway. The guards didn't move for a few moments, then left for their assignments and preparations for battle at a sharp command from the lead sentry. Their air was one of obvious shock and Legolas saw the signs of fear and panic that were surely and quickly setting in. "Well, I must say," Gimli remarked offhandedly, his gruff, heavily-accented tone directed at the elven prince, "this could be a bit difficult. Not that I don't think you and I will make some good sport of half of them, but the other half might prove a problem." Legolas returned his friend's dark grin. Yes, this could prove to be a problem. The Mirkwood elf left the dwarf's side, striding to the large double doors and heading down the hall toward the keep in search of Aragorn. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o A few minutes of searching brought him to the top of the wall overlooking the sweeping, tawny plains of Rohan. Legolas' green suede tunic and fair hair stood out slightly from the brown, grey and dirty gold of armoured men and rock walls that filled the sturdy keep, and the soldiers moving everywhere couldn't help but stare as he passed them, the embodiment of all the grace and beauty of his people. His skill as a warrior had been seen on the plains during the warg attack, and the stunning display was not soon to be forgotten by the surviving Rohirrim. Now that talent was hidden beneath smooth muscle and quiet poise, waiting only for the chance to be unleashed on an unwary Uruk-hai. Or perhaps a wary one. The prince caught sight of his objective immediately. Aragorn was standing on the pathway over the wall, his ragged leather coat floating around his knees, his dark hair flowing in the breeze, two guards posted on either side of him some meters away to keep an eye open for the Uruk-hai. Legolas closed his eyes briefly while ascending the keep as the sweet wind caressed his face, pulling his mane of light gold behind him into its current. The grassy countryside was truly beautiful, even with grey clouds slowly darkening on the horizon, polluting its glory. However, the ranger's broad back was turned to that beauty and the yet-hidden chaos it would soon sport. The stairways leading down both sides of the keep were filled to the brim with ragged Rohirrim men and lads carrying swords, shields, armour and bows, each man hurrying to wherever he needed to be at the moment. Theoden was making his rounds on the far side of the wall, the perfect picture of royal leadership in his tunic of rich red, deep green and bright gold, giving curt orders for women and children to be taken to caves and different supplies to be gathered. Gamling was tall and attentive at his side as they assessed where and what would be coming upon them, and what arrangements needed to be made. Aragorn's eyes were not, however, fixed on the king, nor on any of his soldiers. They were settled lightly on a small boy, no more than ten years old perhaps, standing rigidly next to a very tall, very shaggy Rohirrim sentry. In his hands was a large sword, probably three-fourths of his height if held vertically, and his impossibly small arms were shaking with the weight. But it was the look on the boy's dirty face that told Legolas Thranduilion why the Dunadan was watching him. The huge blue eyes were wide and bright with unshed tears, his pale cheeks and quivering chin telling all. His shoulders were straight and his head held high, pride refusing to let him cry in front of all these battle-hardened grown-ups. The fear on his face was so overwhelming that the Mirkwood elf almost had to look away. It was obvious how tragic and futile it would be if they used the lad as one of their numbers. That boy wouldn't be able to lift the sword in his own defence, let alone slay a seven or eight-foot-tall, two-hundred-pound Uruk-hai warrior. He would surely be killed. Aragorn didn't turn, but Legolas knew that the ranger sensed him standing behind him. "...Why do they have to do this?" The elf looked at Aragorn. His tone was a soft; a slow, confused inquiry, almost to himself. "Why must they be forced to die for such meaningless battle? Why does Saruman think that this will benefit him in any way...?" He paused, his voice dropping to a barely audible whisper. "How could he be so heartless, so cruel, as to do this to one so small as he? What has he done to deserve such a fate?" Legolas' answer was just as soft. "Evil has no reasons but selfishness and control. Saruman does not feel love or understand beauty any longer. If he were still capable of such feelings, he would never have done anything to harm anyone in Middle-earth. Nor would he have created such armies to begin with. Greed and a lust for power has taken his heart, blinding him to all else." Aragorn stood silently for a few moments, taking in their surroundings, the panic, the fear, the grim, resigned preparation. Legolas stayed with him, giving his friend the quiet comfort he needed, waiting. Then the Dunadan's resolve came steadily. "I will not watch them die." "Nor will I," the prince agreed. "I could not let these edain (humans) go into such peril without aid. The guilt alone would be enough to end immortality for one of my people." Aragorn turned and faced his friend, pain glittering in deep, blue eyes. "You could not simply have left for the White Shores," he said. It was half statement, half question. His tone was almost rhetorical. "Could you not have left for a land in which such evil does not exist?" "The knowledge that evil such as his does exist in other lands would have followed me there unending," Legolas said firmly. "My father could not have convinced me to do anything other than stay and aid my allies." The ranger grinned. "I am glad that you and Gimli are here with us." His smile faltered. "However... though I would miss you if you left, I would also see you safe in Valinor, rather than in the midst of all this despair and hatred. And grief," he added, almost as an afterthought. "It would be comforting to know that you and-" Aragorn cut himself off. "...I am sorry." Legolas could not help but smile as he placed a hand on the man's shoulder. It was unusual for Aragorn to speak of this, but not an impossible occurance. "She will not leave. You know she will not, not while she can still be here with you in the world of her birth. I can only hope she made her decision, as I did." He would have liked to say he knew, but it was unclear as of yet whether Arwen Undomiel had left for the Grey Havens. Her father had been very adamant of her departure, and one did not refuse Lord Elrond Peredhil lightly. But then, this was not so light a matter. "Heed me, Estel," the elf told him, a slight smile pulling at the corners of his mouth. "I do not dread pain, nor even death, come what may from my choice to remain here. I do not wish to die, to leave my companions, to experience the bitterness of mortality... But if I should die, then I will simply find my way to the white shores by a different route, as all do one way or another. There is no fear when you remember that." He grinned. "Most of the time, anyway." Aragorn returned the grin, but his heart ached for his lifelong friend. To see him suffer and die at the hands of those dark creatures in the hills would have broken him; he would never have been able to recover from that. And Arwen... If she were to be harmed- He shook his head mentally. 'No. Arwen is even now sailing on the grey ships