The first time, I was five. You know, when people think you're adorable when you play make believe, pretend, or in my case have a not so imaginary friend. I think that's how I got away with it, because if you have a decent pout you can get away with almost anything at that age. It all started at the beach. Being born in district four gave you the privilege to do so any day of the year but it still captivates all of us. I was collecting shells and making bracelets with string. I'm proud to say I had created ten by noon, a personal best at the time. Suddenly, I saw sea green scales that blended in with the waves. A normal person would leave it be and continue with their routines, but I was a curious child. I walked into the waves and started to swim towards the creature but it kept going farther out. I continued to follow like it was a game of tag and giggled with glee at the challenge. Before I knew it, I was out at sea and extremely far from the coast. I tried to swim back but the current caught me and wouldn't let go. I was getting tired and scared so I did what most kids would do; I cried. I cried for help and sobbed but I knew no one could hear me. I would become another lost soul to ocean. "I'm sorry." I turned and yelped at a little boy behind. He was a little older than me with tanned skin, bronze hair, and hypnotizing sea green eyes. If I had to describe him in one word it would be breathtaking. It wasn't just his looks that caught me off guard. "Why?" I asked as I looked at him with my own sea green orbs. The boy flinched a little, like someone found guilty. "I'm the reason you swam this far out. I . . . thought you were like me." This puzzled me deeply. "That isn't true. I was following a fish with green scales." The boy blushed and moved what were supposed to legs up to the surface. They weren't, instead was a tail of the same color as the one I followed. I gasped in shock but did not swim away. The boy was a merman, or merboy really. Stories of such beings are as old as district four itself. Until now, that's what I believed they were to me as well. I couldn't help but be happy they weren't just stories though. I gently touched his tale and the boy became more relieved. "Can you help me get back to shore?" The boy smiled "Sure, just jump on my back and hold your breath." I did as told and locked my arms around his torso and legs around his waist. "Oh, and the name's Finnick ." After that we dove under the water and were at the beach in a minute. As Finnick let me go, I placed one of my better bracelets in his hand. "I'm Annie." After that, I raced home to tell my parents about the ordeal and they thought it was the cutest story ever. People listened but no one believed. I was fine with that after all, Finnick was real, even if he was only to me. The next time I saw Finnick, it was when I was eight at the end of summer. I was building a sand castle on the beach and pretending I was a princess with a shell necklace tangled in my flowing brown hair as a crown. I was preparing for the grand ball in honor of the castle's completion when I saw the sea green scales in the water. I quickly got to my feet and dashed into the ocean splashing water everywhere. Sure enough, Finnick had popped up and was waving at me a good distance away from the beach. I reached him in two minutes and smiled so brightly it could blind you while Finnick did the same. "Where have you been Finnick? I thought you might have moved or well the merpeople version of move." Finnick shook his head and gestured out at the sea beyond us. "I didn't move. It's just that Mags doesn't like me coming this close to humans. She says that humans are mostly greedy, self-centered individuals who only care about "money". But I known your not like that Annie." I smile at the fact I'm not considered a bad person in Finnick's eyes but also a little disappointed in what Finnick's been taught about humans. Although, I can't say the same for the capitol. "Not all people are like that Finnick but yes there are a lot of them out there and I think whoever Mags is meant well when telling you to stay away." Finnick cocked his head. "You agree with her even though if I did do what she said we wouldn't have met?" I sigh. "Are you telling me that you wouldn't have come here no matter what punishment she threatened?" "Well ... okay I would probably still come anyway Annie but I think there was a reason I came here." "What?" "I could hear you a few miles out and I wanted to play." I smile. "Are you sure? Because I was pretending to me a princess," I gestured to my necklace crown,"you would be attending a ball." "What's a ball?" He asked totally forgetting that I was playing a really girly game. "It's a big fancy party with big elegant dresses and dancing." "That sounds a lot like a soiree." "That sounds like a made up word." "No, it's when my kind wear shells, pearls, and sparkly stuff and dance at reefs. You kind of look like you're going to one now." I look at my wet hair and my "crown", along with shell bracelets on each wrist. I was wearing a swirly patterned suit with shells scattered all over it. I guess I did look like a mermaid going off to a soiree in hopes of the perfect evening. There was just one problem... "Do merpeople have princes?" Finnick's eyes grew wide and he blushed. "Well, we travel in pods with one or two of us ruling. There are single mermen who rule so I guess they can be princes." I smile and perk up at this. "Then my game can still work. I'll be Princess Annie of Shells and Shallow Waters and you can be Prince Finnick of Fish and Deep Waters." Finnick blushed again. "That's not how titles work Annie. I would be Prince Finnick of the Victors Pod and you would be Princess Annie of the Human Pod." I scowled "I can respect yours but not all humans live in one place. Therefore my title should be Princess Annie of the District Four Pod." Finnick looked confused "Wait, you're saying there's four places humans live." "No, there's 12 and the capital and district 13 but that was pretty much destroyed by a nuclear accident. Now how many pods are there." "No clue. I know about seven personally, names of dozens but then if you count hidden ones... I'd say about three hundred known." "Wow." "Yeah." And so the history lessons continued back and forth as we asked questions and received answers. Finnick learned about the districts and the capital people, who fit Mags description. I learned how they lived in underwater caved or in reefs and eat fish and water plants. I learned they had major soirees once every full moon for different things and that Mags was the queen of the Victors Pod and Finnick's grandmother. "So that's why you were blushing Finnick. You're a mer prince. Why didn't you tell me? I would have changed the game." "You don't care I'm basically royality?" "I'm human so it doesn't really concern me and no matter what I'll still be your friend." "Thanks Annie." "Welcome Finnick." It was after I spoke that I realized the sun had set and the moon was coming out. I had been at the beach until noon and the rest with Finnick out here. My parents were probably having a panic attack. Finnick didn't seem to realize this could be a big problem for both of us. "Finnick." "Yeah Annie." "Can you take me back to shore before my parents send search parties." They have done that before and I was in so much trouble when they found me at the park a street away. "Sure, but Annie." "Yeah." "Can you meet me here every weekend? That way you don't think I move if I don't see you for another three years." I smile and get on Finnick's back. "Of course Finnick, but how will you keep track of time? We have different calender systems." He shrugged. "I'll count but only if you agree come here a week from now." I hugged him. "Just making sure you have a plan." Once I was at the beach, I waved goodbye and he waved back with an old string shell bracelet on his wrist. I smiled as I ran home and even through my dad's rant. "Where were you Annie Cresta! Do you realize how worried your mother and I were! Answer me!" I smiled still. "I was teaching Finnick about humans and he was teaching me about merpeople." My dad was about to start yelling but mom stopped him. She frowned as she spoke but was gentle all the same. "Annie, honey, are you sure your feeling okay. Did you drink any sea water while you were swimming?" "No, you know I'm one of the best swimmers in school. Why do you ask?" She still frowned. "No reason, but you can't go to the beach for a week." I still smiled and nodded. I couldn't wake until I would see Finnick and I did the same every time after I met him on Saturdays. The only problem was that I was growing older and I was no longer looked at with amused looks when I spoke about Finnick. When I turned eleven, I started to notice the change of my reputation. I was starting middle school and had spent everyday in the ocean with Finnick and helped him with his prince/pod duties. I didn't care much at the time until English class and Mr. Right gave an assignment. "I want everyone to write a paragraph about what you did over the summer. Please be as detailed as possible and come prepared to read them tomorrow." I paled. I learned to keep the fact Finnick was a merman with in my family, not that they believed me, but everyone else classified him as my "imaginary friend". I was already getting looks from everyone in district four so I left out Finnick when I presented the next day. "I spent my entire summer at the beach. I collected shells and made jewelry. I built sand castles. I played in the ocean. That's how I spent my summer." Mr. Right looked a little disappointed. "Is that all you did Ms. Cresta. You're a nice girl. Shouldn't you have spent it with friends?" Some boy in the back yelled "She spent the summer with her fake boyfriend!" Everyone started laughing at me. I blushed a deep red. "Finnick's not my boyfriend!" In truth, I cared about him as more than a friend since I was nine and would be the happiest girl in the world if he was, but they didn't need to know that. "Quiet! Now, Ms. Cresta, would you like to explain why you lied to me about something so trial?" I sighed. "No I would not Mr. Right." "Then I hope you don't mind having detention today after school." I did mind. I promised I'd meet Finnick because he wanted to show me something. I'd been looking forward to it all day and now I can't go. What's worse is Finnick is