The morning dawned cool and fresh a relief to the events of the day before. War was being wrought on these plains and the ground was soaked with the blood of many kindred. A rising sun and cloudless sky would seem to many a good fortune. Walking amidst the tents and sleeping men a lone figure strode. In the weak morning light she appeared almost ethereal. Her hair was a fiery red so rarely seen amongst her kin and her eyes were blue like the sky on a cloudless spring day. She was small of stature and it belied the many Ages she had walked Middle Earth. Her eyes, however, held wisdom and sorrow unending. Once she had laughed with abandon and her eyes had always been bright with joy, but in this time there was little to rejoice. A great doom was laid upon them and she was not sure if they would escape it. In the many Ages of her life she had served various purposes. Here she played Healer and it was an occupation she enjoyed. For numerous years she had been both tutor and healer to the Númenóreans, but in times of war there were few children to teach. What paths had led her to this place? There were far too many to count. It seemed so long ago that Maedhros had found her wandering on the plains of Lothlann. His brother, Maglor, had been with him and once they judged her harmless had taken her back to their home. There she found some semblance of family and a place to belong. Her past had been a mystery to her and the brothers but they deemed her of Valinor though they could only guess at her tribe. All of the Noldor had grey eyes and the only Elda they had seen with blue came of Ingwë's line, but none of those had red hair. She had not been bothered by it and named herself Silnar, but to those people of Maedhros they named her Vanwamíne, lost one, and referred to her as such in their speech. She dwelt for many years in their land and fought by their side against their dark foe. In those days any willing to take up a sword was welcome though few of their daughters did. It was not until the slaying of Dior Eluchíl and his wife Nimloth that she departed their company. She then abode with Galadriel and Celeborn with whom she had befriended during one of the Lady's visits to the home of Maedhros. During those many years Silnar refused all entreaties sent to her by Maedhros and Maglor. Her heart had turned bitter towards them and their useless Oath. She would not allow herself to be tainted by that wickedness. If Silnar had had her way never again would she have laid eyes on the treacherous sons of Fëanor. Fate, however, decreed another path and when news came of the third kin slaying, Silnar journeyed to the home of Maedhros. There she found the sons of Eärendil frightened and lost in their new surroundings. For hours she upbraided her one time friends and then took charge of the boys. Maglor was of some help in the following years, but Maedhros would have little to do with the children. The oath had consumed him and he spent much of his time contemplating its fulfillment. When she noticed that Elrond held a passing fancy in healing she spent some time helping him master the art. Elros, however, took greater stock in the art of battle and Maglor spent time teaching him swordsmanship. It came time, however, when the boys were of age to send them away for further learning. The land had become ever more dangerous, and, fearing for their safety, Silnar had the brothers sent to Círdan and Gil-galad. They were both eager and saddened for they would miss their foster family, but they were terribly excited to stay with the Noldor King. It was a blessing they had done so, for it was not long by the reckoning of Elves that the host of Valinor appeared and made war with Morgoth. The world shook with the fierce battle and when it was finished the land was ever changed. Silnar went with the brothers at the finish and was there when they stole the Silmarils. She had watched sadly as each went to their final fate. The Eldalië were leaving Middle Earth and Silnar Vanwamíne watched them depart. She felt no urge to leave for the West. Many were of the same notion and it was in Silnar's mind to seek out the children of Eärendil whom she had raised. She found them with their Father and was amazed at their growth. Eärendil could not tarry, however, and he bid his sons farewell and ascended once more into the heavens. Thus it was that Silnar was reunited with Elrond and Elros and they dwelt together near the Sea for a time. The Valar had given them both a choice and the brothers chose diverging paths. While the mighty Valar raised an island from the waters, Elros gathered what Edain would come and prepared them for the journey to their new home. It was during this time that Silnar found her heart turned towards Elros though she did not do so happily for she was of the Eldalië and he had chosen to be numbered among the Edain and from them had chosen a wife. So it was with a heavy and bitter heart that Silnar welcomed the wife of Elros into her home for a little while. She hid her torment well, however, and it was only the piercing eyes of Elrond who perceived her true heart's desire. He counseled her gravely on this and she begged him to keep it secret for it was both her shame and delight. To this he agreed and his heart was moved to pity for her perilous position. Soon, however, the land set aside for Elros was complete and he gathered his people onto great ships. He begged for Silnar to accompany him wishing for her guidance and she who loved him so deeply could refuse him nothing. To Elros she was as his mother for he remembered little of Elwing and Silnar was wise with the Ages. On Elrond's part, however, was fury at Silnar's decision for he feared no good would come of her choice. They parted bitterly and with angry words. To no one would Elrond speak of that night and he promised never to look upon Silnar in happiness again. For her part, Silnar was angry at Elrond's lack of trust and faith and for many years she would not speak his name. Elros knew little of their argument and assumed, wrongly, it was a lover's quarrel. He did not pester either one knowing too well the pride each carried. As the years passed, Silnar made Númenor her home and dwelt in some happiness with its people. Over the years her unrequited love for Elros tempered and she hid it deep within the confines of her heart. She delighted instead in his children and tutored them in both Eldar and Edain lore. Thus was her role set and while their lives were long so the men of Númenor must pass, but Silnar was never changing, a rock for which the Kings leaned on in times of trouble. To occupy her time, Silnar schooled many of the Númenóreans in healing and had houses built dedicated to such. The peace of Númenor could not last forever even though Silnar attempted valiantly to keep alive love for the Valar. As time wore on the Númenóreans became prideful. It was in the time of Ar-Adûnakhôr that Silnar disappeared from the palace and many believed she had departed for the West and most were glad to see her go. The King had outlawed the use of any Eldarin tongue and Silnar was weary of fighting a losing battle. She did not, however, fully abandon these people she had so come to love. Silnar was hidden by the Faithful and there she continued to school their children in the old ways. It was by her that Inzilbêth learned of the old might of Númenor and passed such knowledge onto her son. During the reign of Tar-Palantir Númenor regained some of its old splendor, but Silnar yet remained hidden. Her heart forebode her that danger was yet on the horizon. She was correct and in the age of Ar-Pharazôn the end of Númenor was wrought. Silnar fled the destruction of her home with the Faithful and was with Elendil when he landed on the shores of Middle Earth. There they built great cities though none surpassed old Númenor. In this time Silnar acted as an emissary on behalf of Elendil with Gil-galad and divided her time between the two. It was good that Elendil did this for Sauron would not stay silent forever. His attack on Gondor caused Isildur to flee north to his Father and an Alliance was formed between the Edain and the Eldar. It was decided first to march the host to Imladris home of Elrond Peredhil. There many were met with joy, but the meeting of Elrond and Silnar was cool at best. It was only pride now that barred reconciliation and none could force it. Instead, Silnar remained with Elendil and stood always by his side. A shaft of light fell on Silnar's face and brought her from her memories. She stood in front of the tent she had been seeking and went inside. Elendil slept restlessly and Silnar felt a fresh wave of grief wash over her. He had not slept often after the death of Anárion his son. For nigh on seven years they had been battling Sauron and it was wearing on all. "Elendil awaken for Gil-galad has need of you," Silnar whispered. His eyes snapped open and focused clearly on hers. "It is morning already?" he asked rising from his bed. Silnar nodded and helped him into his armor. "A Council of War I assume," Silnar replied to his unanswered question. "Though I know not how this one shall be different from those that came before." Elendil spared her a brief smile. "Aye, but where would men be without their Councils?" "A joke so early in the morn? Why Elendil I am proud." Silnar touched her hand briefly to his cheek and then departed. Her business was with the healers and she had no time for Councils. The tents of the Healers were yet quiet. A few walked between injured men lending aid and quiet words. Silnar spent the morning going over their stock and fretting over the low stores. It was in the afternoon that they felt the very ground tremble violently and all knew that some end had come. They waited then, breathlessly, for some news. Silnar had strapped her sword to her waist. If Sauron was indeed victorious she would go to the Halls of Mandos fighting. A messenger came shortly begging the help of healers and most departed for the battlefield. The boy was too weary for questions and Silnar sent him to bed. She then asked several healers to wait behind to tend to the current patients and led the rest to the field. The destruction was far and wide and men cried and screamed in bitter agony. The healers, however, had become deadened over the years and quickly set about their work. Silnar saw Isildur from afar and strode single mindedly to his side. There the sorrow of the final battle unfolded. Side by side lay Gil-galad, mighty King of the Noldor and Elendil, valiant King of Gondor. Isildur Silnar took into her arms and held him as he wept for his Father and his brother though Anárion had been lost a year before. By the power of the Elves were the bodies preserved. Elendil they laid to rest