Try and Catch the Wind A/N: This story was written for a young person whom had the original plot bunny and wanted to see how the story played out. I hope I've done a good job. Thanks to the folks at Project Team Beta for editing this for me. Part One And Thus a Plan Was Formed The movie credits on the super big screen TV scrolled by in a blur only readable to a vampire's eye. The on screen guide blinked by at the same pace. It was a typical Saturday where there was nothing on that hadn't already been seen a million times, or wasn't worth watching, and the sports seasons had either wound down or were just starting. Video games were out since they burned out one system and the other one was awaiting a few new controllers. "So what now?" Emmett passed a quick glance to his couch companion, Jasper. It was just them today. Everyone else was out shopping or hunting. "Keep looking. There's got to be something on somewhere." They went through the on screen guide more slowly, culling out the would-be gems from the goose eggs. "That was a horrible movie." "So that's a nope." Emmett arrowed down and highlighted a Syfy channel creature feature. They both took a split second to read the movie synopsis. They looked at each other and laughed. "Seriously, how do they come up with this stuff?" Jasper shook his head. "Is that a maybe?" "Maybe it's a maybe. I'm not sold on a -what's it called- Sharktopus." A strange grimace crossed Jasper's face. Such a creature wasn't even biologically possible. It actually hurt his mind to think about it. The things humans did with biology in science fiction was really scary, although sometimes they came frighteningly close to the truth. "It might be fun." But one look at Jasper's scowl had Emmett backtracking. "Okay, moving on." Another fifty channels went by when the highlight bar hit something neither of them had seen before, a reality show called Storm Racers . "Well, what do you think?" Emmett asked hesitantly, feeling the puzzling waves of dislike and curiosity coming from Jasper. Jasper, as a rule, avoided reality shows. He never found them as interesting as Emmett did. He thought them a little silly and very far from reality, but he was a vampire and probably wasn't the best judge on what was real or not in the human world. As far as reality TV went, this one seemed rather hard to fake. He shrugged. "Looks better than the shark-thingy-that-ate-Spring Break." For three hours, they sat witnessing the power of Nature at her cruelest. What was most puzzling to them was the fact that people ran into the storms rather than away from them, defying what they knew of human nature. Then it happened. Jasper felt the tendrils of Emmett's emotions stretching invisibly across the couch, signifying a complex thought process. It hit him as the show gave an upcoming teaser before a commercial break. At first, he ignored it, but when the actual scene played out on the huge TV screen in front of them, the feelings were much more pronounced. "What are you thinking over there, Emmett?" "Nothing. Just wondering how good Alice was at predicting weather." Jasper narrowed his eyes suspiciously. "Why?" Emmett stretched his arms across the back of the couch. "Oh, I dunno, looks like these guys could use some help. Annnd, it looks like something we could do better." "Really?" "Well, these people claim they're in it for the research. I think they do it for the thrills and, they really shouldn't. I mean they're fragile and easily broken and stuff. Not to mention they're really making some insurance agent out there get one mother of a stomach ulcer. We could totally do it better." "I doubt Rose is going to let you drive the Jeep into a tornado." "I didn't say anything about driving." Jasper shot Emmett an incredulous look. "That's crazy, man. You want to ride a tornado?" "We're vampires and virtually indestructible. Some wild wind wouldn't do any damage to the old bod." He slapped at his chest for emphasis. "We're perfect for this. We could get the research those guys are looking for and maybe keep them off the road and safe for a bit. Not to mention, we'll keep a few less insurance agents and claims adjusters out of the ER for stomach ulcers and anxiety attacks. Sure beats the heck out of couch surfing." Jasper had to admit it did sound like a good idea, giving the humans the information they needed to stay safe. Emmett was right. They had the perfect physiology for this. "Okay, you're on, Pecos Bill." "Want to make a wager?" Emmett waggled his eyebrows. "Why not? Just remember whose wife can see the future." "Ppfftt. I've worked around that issue many times." "Yeah right, Emmett. Lay the deal down, brother." Emmett thought for a minute before wagering the bet. "First, we see who has the longest hang time and then we'll go with who collected the most research. Loser has to donate the entire contents of their closets, spouses' closet included." "Alice won't let me lose, you know." Emmett laughed. "You want to bet on that too?" "Sure. Why not?" "Pretty sure of yourself aren't you, bud?" "Of course. Let's shake on it." They shook hands vigorously, which turned into a near wrestling match. "Hey now," Jasper said as he slipped from Emmett's hearty grasp. "You know how Esme feels about wrestling indoors." "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Spoil sport. Come on, we've got a lot of leg work to do." Turning the TV off, they went their separate ways to plan out how best not to end up being the loser for this round of bets. They hadn't had a bet this involved in at least a decade. A few hours later, Emmett heard a car turning into the driveway. The girls were back from shopping. Giving a quick glance at the clock, he saw they were back sooner than expected. Alice must have seen something. He returned to his research until Rosalie found him in the dining room. "Hey, babe. Didn't expect you home so soon." Rose leaned down and kissed him on the cheek, her arms full of shopping bags. "Same here. It was weird. All of a sudden, Alice just stopped where she was and start putting things back on the racks. She never puts things back. And if that wasn't strange enough, she was happy. Really happy. She never said a word as to why." She gave Emmett a suspicious look. "You wouldn't know anything about it, would you?" "Maybe, maybe not." He couldn't help the faint grin pulling at the corners of his lips. "Deny all you want but the truth will be revealed. Eventually." The grin overtook his face. "You and what army?" Rose grinned back. "Wouldn't you like to know? I have my ways." Part Two The Plan Takes Shape It was not a typical Saturday afternoon at the Cullens'. Bella was fairly certain of that after she hobbled into the living room in her walking cast. At least, she thought it was still a living room. It looked like the studio of a news room. Actually, it looked more like the weather center in a news room with maps and a TV screen showing a satellite loop. Alice was pacing back and forth across the room and, every so often, she turned back to the large paper map of the United Stated and stuck a pin on it, somewhere in Texas. It was the last thing Bella ever expected from Alice, especially when prom was only four weeks away. She should have been sticking pins into some designer prom gown, not a map. Or having Bella play mannequin while Alice fitted a dress for her, one that matched her cast. "Edward, what's going on?" "It's part of a bet between Jasper and Emmett. They need Alice's expertise for this particular one." "Okay," Bella said slowly, trying to figure out what sort of bet would transform the Cullen living room into a mini weather station. "Are they going to take over The Weather Channel?" Edward laughed lightly. "It really is a shame I can't read your mind. You have the most interesting theories. No, they aren't going to take over The Weather Channel, as far as I know anyway. Alice is focusing her skills on locating tornadoes." "That's really helpful of her." Bella could see that being useful, getting people out of the path of destruction. A panicked expression furrowed her brows. "You aren't moving, are you?" "No, we aren't going anywhere. Although, I think most of my family will be making a trip to somewhere in Kansas or maybe..." He glanced at the map where Alice had just placed the yellow pin. "...Texas. You see, Jasper and Emmett made a bet involving a tornado and they're not all that common in Washington State, especially not Forks. There was one in January, though. Alice was kind enough to point that out to them." "What? Are they going to try to get sucked up in one?" Edward regarded Bella for a long second. "That's exactly what they intend to do." "Holy crow! Are they crazy? What if someone sees them?" "Well, their sanity has always been questionable." "I heard that, Eddie boy." Emmett's voice sounded loudly from another room. Edward ignored him. "That's what Alice is working on. She can get them to a fairly remote location and make sure no one sees, especially when Emmett's whirling around in the tornado and lands unharmed. That would be pretty hard to miss." Bella's brown eyes were wide with amazement. "Why?" Edward shrugged. "Fact finding, research, whatever you might want to call it. They'll send the information from their trip on to other scientists and hopefully there will be better warnings issued for storms and save lives." "It still sounds kind of crazy." Alice stood motionless with the blank stare that still sent chills down Bella's spine whenever she saw it. After a minute, it faded into a more animated expression as she went to examine the pinned map more closely. "Jazz, do you have any recent confirmations?" "I'll be down with them in a second." The words had barely left his mouth as he ran down the stairs with the information. He handed her a sheet of paper and she scanned down over it. Picking up different colored push pins, she stuck them into the map. Most locations had a red and a green pin nestled side by side, nearly sharing the same hole, but there were a few where the corresponding pins were not as close. Sighing, Alice handed the paper back to Jasper. "I'm as good as I'm going to get. What I can't predict most of the time is how intense the storm will be. The conditions will be right very soon. It's not going to be a very active year after this month, so if we're doing this we have to do it now. You two should have come up with the bet a bit sooner." Jasper looked a bit panicked. "Are we going to have enough time to finish the equipment?" "You'll have plenty of time. Emmett's just about finished and Rose will have the Jeep fitted with all the instruments we need. You'll be fine." Without another word, Jasper sped out of the room and up the steps, a door slamming shut seconds later. "That door had best be on its hinges, Jasper," Esme called out from another room in a Mom-tone that was never quite a yell, but very authoritative anyway. "Sorry. I'll fix it later," Jasper called back. Part Three Ride the Wind The last week of April found four members of the Cullen family absent from Forks and driving some thirty hours into the nation's center. It was early afternoon