Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games. Note: Honestly, this one probably won't make sense unless you've already read some of my other stuff. Yep, more than a year after For a Reason , I've decided to pop back into my first canon here. Keep your eyes peeled for the start of another SYOT once I get a bit farther into the Games in Mistakes of the Past . In the meantime, let's catch up with our favorite bartender... Between the Sinners and the Saints "I think I understand," Eldred nodded. Imalia smiled a little, then got up to rejoin her fellow mentors from District Four. "No, you don't," Nicodemus said quietly, leaning back in his wheelchair. "It's not your fault. It's just hard to imagine something like that when you've had more than enough all your life. You can pity them, but you don't really understand their desperation, their need for a better life." Eldred opened his mouth to respond, but thought better of it. Nicodemus was right. He still didn't understand – not really. After four years, he still didn't understand. Eldred leaned forward a little. "Then show me." Nicodemus cocked an eyebrow. "Show you." Eldred nodded. "We all know what Imalia said is true; bartending isn't … well, it's not my real job. My real job – at least during the Games – is to watch you, all of you, and try to understand. But after four years, I still … I still don't. Not really." Nicodemus shook his head. "Where's this coming from, Eldred?" Eldred glanced around, wondering who else might be listening. The president hadn't said it was a secret, but… "There's a reason he picked me," Eldred said quietly. "There's a reason I'm here, trying to get a better understanding of the districts, but … well, there's only so much I can learn from sitting and talking with all of you for … what? Two weeks? Three? And then I go back to—" Nicodemus smiled a little, putting the pieces together. "The reason you're here – the reason he wants you to understand the districts – is it…?" "Yes." "Congratulations." Eldred shook his head. "Don't throw me a party just yet. I haven't said yes." Nicodemus nodded. "You'd be foolish if you did – say yes right away, that is. But I still don't understand … Why come to me?" Eldred hesitated. Why had he chosen Nicodemus? "Because you're the only person I thought might say yes." "To what?" Eldred took a deep breath. There was no going back now. He had made up his mind a few days ago, but now that it came to it … it wasn't so easy. Maybe this was how Careers felt, just before volunteering for the Games. Maybe. Eldred smiled a little. "I have a favor to ask." "I won't be able to protect you." Eldred smiled a little, shaking his head. "I never expected you to. That's the whole point. It has to be me, figuring this out on my own, or it doesn't mean anything." Nicodemus shook his head. "That's not what I meant. I didn't mean I won't be able to shield you from what the districts are like. I know that's what you wanted. What I meant was that if you get into trouble – real trouble, Eldred – I won't be able to help you. Other Victors, in other districts … maybe they have some influence. Some authority – at least within their own district. I don't have that." Eldred nodded. "Why do you think I picked you?" Nicodemus smirked. "I think your words were ' Because you're the only person I thought might say yes.' " He leaned forward a little in his wheelchair. "How did you know I'd agree?" Eldred took another drink, cringing a little. Whoever was in charge of drinks on the train clearly needed a little more practice. Of course, he wasn't really in a position to criticize. When President Grisom had asked him to serve as the bartender in the bar the Victors frequented during the Games – and as an unofficial observer on the side – it had taken him a while to get it right. That had been four years ago. A little longer, actually, since this year's Games were now over, the title of Victor falling unexpectedly to the girl from District Eleven, an eighteen-year-old named Violet Levine. District Six's pair of Victors, Vernon and Nicodemus, were on their way back home. And he was on his way to a new life. Or, at least, a new temporary one. It had taken some persuasion before President Grisom would agree to Eldred's plan, but he had caved once Eldred had made it clear that he wouldn't accept the position the president was offering without first putting his plan into action. He must really want me to accept… And now he was off to District Six. Without his family – his wife, his son, his two daughters. He would have no contact with them for … how long? Eldred's hand drifted to his pocket, where a photo of his family was safely tucked away. It was one of the few things he had brought with him. He had brought a few sets of clothes, as well, but not too many, and nothing too fancy. He wanted to blend in. That was the whole point. To blend in, to observe, to become one of them for a little while. To understand them. Which was the answer he had been looking for. "Because you understand," Eldred answered simply. "You understand other people, and, what's more, you want everyone else to understand each other, too. You're still an idealist at heart, and that … well, that's saying something, considering…" He didn't finish the sentence. He didn't have to. It wasn't just saying something. It was amazing that he could still look at the very people who had crippled him – as well as the thousands who had stood by and done nothing – and not only forgive them, but want to understand them. Want them to understand each other. And he did. Ever since riots had broken out during the 42nd Games, Nicodemus had been a silent but driving force for peace in his district, cooling the tempers of those who wanted revenge – on both sides. Maybe he didn't wield the same influence as Victors in other districts – at least not over anyone in authority – but, for the most part, people respected him. Which was why they had to part ways as soon as they left the train – or, better yet, get off at different times entirely. Nicodemus had offered to put in a good word for him, find him a job or a place to stay, but Eldred had refused the offer. Either he did this on his own, or he didn't. Either he could survive among the people of the districts, or… Or he couldn't. But his life wasn't really in danger. He had no doubt that the president, despite Eldred's insistence otherwise, was keeping an eye on him. President Grisom had been reluctant to agree to District Six in the first place. He had wanted to send Eldred to a more Capitol-supporting district – One, Two, Five … maybe even Twelve. Eldred hid a smile. Five years ago, no one would have thought to list District Twelve among the safer districts for a Capitolite, but after the events of the 41st and 42nd Games, everything had changed. District Twelve had been among the few to outright refuse an alliance with the rebels during the 41st Games. And when District Four's training center had been burned to the ground by one of their own Victors on the eve of the 42nd Games, it was District Twelve that had stepped in to claim the spoils: a portion of the weapons that had belonged to the training academy, with the rest going to District Five's fledgling Career system … and the right to train their own Careers. So far, Brennan had encountered little success – and, as far as Eldred knew, hadn't been actively recruiting potential Careers. But the fact remained that Twelve now had a reputation for loyalty. Maybe not the fanatic loyalty of One, Two, or Five, but at least a history of obedience. Of not causing problems. District Six, on the other hand… Tributes from District Six, along with Eight and Three, had been behind the rebellion during the 41st Games. Like the rest of the districts, they'd been frightened back into submission with a series of brutal executions and the requirement of extra tributes during the following Games. But even if they had been bullied into obedience, Eldred had no doubt that, somewhere beneath the surface, their hatred of the Capitol still lingered. If word got out that he was a Capitolite… So he would have to make sure that word didn't get out. His choice of outfits, Nicodemus had assured him, would be sufficient to convince most people that he was simply a somewhat well-to-do businessman now down on his luck. District Six was large enough that no one would question a new face, and Nicodemus had been coaching him on the accent – which mostly consisted of dropping some of the Capitol's eccentricities. He already had a head start on that, of course. The upper echelon of the Capitol had a distinctly different accent than people like him. People who hadn't been born into the more fortunate class, but had worked their way up and gotten very, very lucky. He had no delusions, of course, that his early life in the Capitol had been difficult. Compared to the descriptions he'd heard of the districts, he'd had it good. Very good. He'd never been in doubt that he could come home to a good meal, a warm bath, and a soft bed. Maybe he'd never been able to keep up with the latest fashions or trends, but his life had been a good one. Whether it had gotten better or worse in the last few years, he wasn't sure. It had definitely gotten more complicated. Being a secretary under President Snow had been a somewhat menial job, but it had been predictable. Routine. Nothing was routine under President Grisom – not least of all because he wasn't a secretary anymore. He'd been everything from a bartender to a tailor to a hairdresser – the last of which especially amused the president, since Eldred was already balding. But this – this was different, even for him. This was dangerous. This was— "Eldred?" Nicodemus' voice shook him from his thoughts as the train started to slow. "Last chance. Are you sure about this?" No. He wasn't sure. Maybe he would never be sure. But he couldn't very well turn back now. What would the president say if he went back on his idea now? What would his wife say? His wife. Eldred smiled a little. She would be relieved – that much, he was certain of. Millicent had begged him to reconsider. She would be overjoyed if he simply came home. She wouldn't even care about the explanation. But the president… No. It was too late to turn back now. Too late to start having second thoughts. He'd made his choice. And now he had to see it through. No matter what. How long would he have to wait? Eldred paced the length of the train car again. Nicodemus and Vernon had disembarked at least ten minutes ago. Surely that would be enough to avoid any suspicion if he got off the train now. Surely the crowd – if there was one at all – would be gone. Nicodemus had said, anyway, that there probably wouldn't be much of a crowd. There usually wasn't – not unless a Victor had returned home on the train. If not, it was usually just the parents of the fallen tributes, come to collect the