Disclaimer: The Hunger Games is not mine. Note: Welcome to the Tenth Hunger Games! I apologize for taking a little longer than expected; Easter break was a bit busy for me. Just a few things before we get started. First of all, thank you to everyone who submitted a tribute. We've definitely got an interesting batch this time around, and I'm looking forward to writing them. Reapings will begin next chapter. There's also a blog. (There's a link to it on my profile.) Mentors – both previous victors and Capitol mentors – are already up on the blog. Tributes will be posted as they're introduced in-story. Second, I just want to mention that this is a sequel, in every sense of the word. As such, there will be occasional references to the previous story, particularly in this chapter, because the focus of this one is our most recent victor's Victory Tour. No, you don't have to read Doomed to Die first. This story will be able to stand on its own, and I promise not to spend this entire story mourning the last story's tributes. But, on the other end of the spectrum, I don't want these characters – particularly the mentors – to act as if the Ninth Hunger Games never happened. And there are a few tributes whose stories are intertwined with those from the last Games. (A few of them even make an appearance in this chapter.) I'm going to do my best not to beat you over the head with continuity, but it will be there. Lastly ... Enjoy. We SYOTers take ourselves a bit too seriously sometimes, I think, but, in the end, this is all for fun. And it's going to be a fantastic ride. So sit back, relax, and enjoy life at the Edge of Chaos. Edge of Chaos The Tenth Hunger Games Prologue Until You Are There Harakuise Swallot Victor of the Ninth Hunger Games Harakuise didn't even notice the thief until the peacekeeper called his name. Peacekeeper-in-training, actually; Harakuise knew every law enforcement official in District Five on sight. The young man's name was Cyne Whitten. "Mr. Swallot!" he called out again, his hand clenched tightly around the wrist of a young girl, no more than thirteen or fourteen. "I believe these are yours." The young peacekeeper held out a pair of cuff links. Harakuise held back a laugh as he glanced at his own wrists and realized that his cuff links were, indeed, missing. He looked back at the girl. She was struggling, terrified, but Cyne held her fast. Maybe she hadn't realized who he was. Maybe she was desperate enough to try to steal from him, anyway. And it had almost worked; she deserved some credit for that. It wasn't everyone who could sneak up on Harakuise Swallot and live. Of course, whether she lived now was entirely up to him. In an instant, Harakuise put on his most convincing smile, beaming at the girl as he took his cuff links back from Cyne. "I'd been looking for those! Thank you so much for finding them; I must have dropped them in the street. And I bet you were about to return them to me, too. Thank you very much, young lady. Ammet!" he called to another peacekeeper, who turned immediately. "Would be so kind as to escort this young lady to my house? Tell Jai that she has done me a great service and should be rewarded accordingly. I'd do it myself, but—" "Victory tour leaves soon," Ammet finished. "I'll see to it." Ammet led the girl away, leaving Cyne staring at Harakuise, puzzled. After a moment, the young peacekeeper blinked a few times, as if clearing his head. "Where's he taking her?" "My house," Harakuise shrugged. "I'd see to the matter myself, but, as I said, I'm on a bit of a schedule. Jai's better with these sorts of things, anyway." "What sorts of things? You don't seriously intend to give her a reward for pickpocketing you?" " Attempting to pickpocket me," Harakuise corrected. "She was unsuccessful, thanks to your vigilance, and no harm was done. Jai will give her a good meal and maybe a small reward, if she manages not to run away first." "But isn't it your job to…" Cyne didn't seem to know how the sentence should end. Harakuise shook his head. "Remember who you're talking to, Cyne. My 'job,' such as it is, is to mentor two children and try to bring one of them home alive from a fight to the death. The rest of the year, my 'job' is to sit around in my luxuriously large home in Victors' Village and enjoy my spoils. That's it. Everything else, I do because it's my passion. And my passion, Cyne, is making certain that this district is safe. Tell me, do you truly believe that girl is a threat to this district?" "I…" Cyne looked away. Of course he didn't. But he – and every other peacekeeper – had been trained to treat every criminal, no matter how small, as a threat to order and safety. It was a difficult barrier to break through. "Let me put it another way," Harakuise offered. "Would you rather catch a pickpocket, or someone who's actually planning an armed rebellion?" That was a much easier question. "The rebel, of course." "I'm glad we agree," Harakuise nodded. "And I have a history of doing just that. But there's a compromise to be made there. Where do you think most of my information comes from?" Cyne shrugged. "I always assumed you had people who—" "I do," Harakuise confirmed. "You just met the newest one. Jai's managed to organize the district's runaways, urchins, homeless, and such into a network of sorts. If one of them hears something, I hear it. And children – well, they hear everything , go everywhere , usually unnoticed. So I'll ask you again, Cyne. Who would you rather execute – that little girl who was only stealing from me so that she could eat, or the rebels she's going to help me locate?" Cyne nodded. "I understand." Harakuise smiled. "Good. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go spend two weeks reminding the districts that twenty-three of their children are dead." Harakuise thought he saw a fleeting look of … something – maybe anger, maybe grief – on the young man's face, but it was quickly hidden again. "Good luck, Mr. Swallot." Harakuise nodded crisply and headed for the train station. "What are you going to say?" Harakuise looked up at his former mentor – now his fellow victor – and shrugged. "Whatever comes to mind," he offered, attempting to appear nonchalant. In reality, he had spent several long nights wondering the exact same thing, and had finally decided on the perfect words to say in each district. But if he could fool everyone – including Tania – into thinking that his words were off-the-cuff, all the better. He had some vague memories of other victory tours coming to Five, but nothing they had said about the tributes stood out in his mind. Most of them had simply read pre-written speeches about honor and pride and the Capitol. Which was all well and good, but Harakuise wanted to say more than that. He wanted to leave an impression. It was difficult because he had really only known a handful of the tributes, and even those, during the Games, he had seen as competition. Twenty-three tributes who had to die in order for him to live – nothing more. But now that the Games were over – now that he was safe – he could afford to see them for what they were. Children. Children with lives and families and loved ones who would be listening. Wondering what he would say. He could use that. Most of the previous years' speeches had focused on the Capitol. He meant to turn the attention back to the districts. Yes, it was the Capitol that had defeated the rebels, but they could never have done it without help. Help from loyalists in the districts – people like his father – who were willing to lay down their lives for peace and order across Panem. People who had pride in their district, belief in the dignity of its people. If he could present the tributes as people to be proud of – people to admire – rather than people to be pitied, it would only help restore that pride. Of course, he didn't bother saying any of this to Tania. She wouldn't understand. The very thought of the Games still terrified her. And that was all right. Sometimes terror could be effective. But dignity was better. District Twelve Fallen Tributes: Heloise Cache and Aldo Retchwood "Heloise died early not because she was weak but because she was fearless. She charged headlong towards the Cornucopia because she knew that was what would give her and her allies their best chance. It was a gamble, and she lost, but it's one she was right to take, for she understood that risk is a necessary part of the Games. She took that risk for you – for her family, her district. She wanted to make you proud. And you should be." Rosaline and Jemel, Heloise's aunt and uncle, held each other's hands tightly. He was right; Heloise had been fearless. Just like her parents. Now they were all gone. Meron and Gretel had been secretly planning rebellion, and Heloise's death had been enough to bring them out of hiding. They had been fearless, just like Heloise, and, like her, they had taken a gamble. And, just like her, they had lost. "Aldo was my ally, I'm proud to say. When he died, he was on his way out onto the marsh to retrieve a parachute. I've often wondered why – why he was willing to risk his life over what ended up being a little bit of food. But that moment was about more than retrieving food. He was claiming what was rightfully his – a gift from his sponsors, and from his mentor. Aldo and his mentor had their differences, but, in the end, my ally stepped up to claim his birthright both as a son of District Twelve and of the Capitol. And his family – both of his families – should be very proud." Silently, Annika cried into her husband's shoulder. It wasn't true. Aldo had never accepted that monster – his biological father – as part of his family, his birthright. He had been desperate enough to accept help from the Capitol, yes, but that didn't make him one of them. He was their son. Theirs, not the Capitol's. Not Pardeck's. Theirs. And he always would be. District Eleven Fallen Tributes: Lordez Miller and Sher Haimish "Lordez gave you a gift, Sonya. When she took your place in the Games, she did more than save your life; she gave you an example. An example of honor and sacrifice – the very things the Games are about. She made a sacrifice, risked her own life to save yours, because she must have believed that your life was worth it. Make it worth it. Remember her courage, her dignity, and her loyalty to her friends and to her district." Sonya stood alone, nodding silently. Lordez hadn't given her life so that she could stand here wallowing in her grief. She had to move on. She had to live. That was the best way to honor Lordez's memory – by living. Living the life that Lordez had believed was worth saving. If only it were as easy as the boy's words made it sound. "I killed Sher. There's no easier way to say that, so let's get that out of the way first. I killed him because I thought that he was the only one in the arena who was my equal – a worthy opponent, a like mind. I