A/N: This story waits for a long time to be posted/published, call it however you like it. Well so many of my friends asked to post it. Tonight I'm in a good mood for such insanity. So here it is, my first long story ever written. My first shash, too. Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction using characters from the Harry Potter world, which is trademarked by J. K. Rowling. This story is purely for entertainment purposes, no money is being made from it. Old enemies Snape darted out of professor's lounge, followed closely by Lupin, booming behind their backs, Dumbledore's angry voice echoed "I do not care how, I do not care where; just settle this, finally! Nevertheless, you will work on that collaboration project and that is my final word! Do not dare to follow them, Minerva!" "But Albus! They going to kill each other!" "They won't, and even if they do – then so be it!" it was truly unusual to see Albus this mad, his and Snape's constant snapping at each other, culminated in open argument and rebellion when Albus pared them for some stupid cockamamie project. Trailing behind Snape's flattering robes, he could feel curious looks of students and hear soft whispers and giggles. This was a truly humiliating experience. If he had such dreadful time, for Snape was even worse, he could imagine it. Snape turned to the first empty classroom and he followed at heel. "Listen, Snape, I'm not thrilled with the idea myself, but maybe this is a chance for …" he stopped mid-sentence, Snape's normally pale face loosed another shade, getting even paler, gaze fixed behind his back. Following the gaze, he turned, in front of classroom door students were gathering, giggling and curiously peeking in. Trying to hear as much as they could of conversation. With a low hiss, Snape waved a wand, loudly closing the door and warning them, following his example, he warded windows as well. Together, they worked to soundproof the room. Silence fell between them, as they measured each other, wands at ready. Snape's eyes were burning with the glare of disdain, humiliation and anger. This was a rare and truly unusual sight. "Can we talk now; I am willing to resolve this problem peacefully." "Why did Dumbledore not listen to me? I warned him about you! The miasma of humiliation follows you around." hissed Snape "I do not want to talk to you, I do not want to look at you! You have no place in this school." "Dumbledore does not think so." "Dumbledore does not think when his precious Marauders are concerned. He favoured you then and he does now." "Oh, can you put that at rest Snape? I cannot apologize for any more than I already did for that, it was 14 years ago." "I do not need, nor wish your worthless apologies." sprouted Snape venomously. "Do not tempt me Lupin. I just might slip some of the curses at you. No one would question it; I am, after all…me." "You really think that I am that incapable of defending myself. Don't you think that I might do you some harm, as well?" his voice now low and dangerous growl "No, I don't think that you could defend yourself against me. Not if I really want to end you." hissed Snape ominously, letting the implication of what he was thinking hang in the air between them "Do you really believe that you could do something, humiliate me more than you and your lot didn't before?" His blood boiled, he was tired of this man's insults, tired of apologies that landed on deaf ears. Before Snape could react, he silently cast a spell, several of them actually. Snape's wand clanged at the floor and rolled, as he dropped it. Snape was, entangled in binding spell, and muffed. Lupin's eyes narrowed in a thin line. "I am not harmless or helpless, Severus." whispered in dangerous low voice. However, even if he held his demeanour, his brain was working fast, what to do next. He did not have the desire to harm Snape, or publicly humiliate him for that matter, but he had to do something. Looking at struggling Snape, who was probably trying to free himself or curse him, his throat became dry. Closing, just inches from Snape's face, he smiled "Oh, I believe that I can do to you something. Something, I bet no person ever done to you before." Snape's eyes opened wide, as he charmed one piece of clothes at the time, from him. Deep, crimson blush, coloured Snape's face as he removed the last piece of clothing, leaving him in his underwear. "If you did not like this then, how much would you hate it now? In front of YOUR students?" Now let's see, how can I get out from this mess? I can threaten him, but… Thinking fast he continued "However, I'm not about to that to you…for now. But, try to mess with me and know what's waiting for you around the corner. I do not need my friends around; I am more than capable to deal with you on my own. Now, I'm not happy with the prospect of working with you, no more than you are, but Albus put us together, and I won't cross him. Did we understood each other?" It took, what looked like an eternity to him before Snape slowly nodded his head. Lupin relaxed and charmed Snape's clothes back on. Snape was still clenching his eyes tightly shut. Placing Snape on one of the chairs, he placed fallen wand on his lap and walked next to the door. Working for a while to remove wards, released binds on Snape and rushed out of the classroom. Brave Remus, thought as he paced down the corridor. Only two dozen steps later, stopped near the window, gasping for air. With the corner of his eye, noticed Minerva entering the classroom, and gasped again. She did not stay long in there, and now, she was marching towards him. He closed his eyes. "I am glad that Severus' not harmed at all; he is not willing to talk though. Let's see if you are." she took his hand and pulled him to one of the benches in the corridor, observing him closely "Good, you appear to be unharmed as well. Equally chatty too. Go on; go to your room now." she sent him off like he was one of the students. ~ SS ~ RL ~ SS ~ RL ~ Pacing nervously around his room Remus was trying to predict repercussions of his actions, oblivious to veining daylight. Albus wanted them to settle their differences, and his actions did not aid that task, if nothing else, he drove a wedge between them even more. What got into you, you fool? He crossed himself. Even if he tried to defend himself, the memories came to him in a swirl. His mind wandered to school days, to pale skinned, slender boy, with ebony black hair and huge, mellow black eyes. Even then, he really didn't have anything against the Snape. He could not call him a friend, but bullying him was not a cup of tea Remus liked or approved, privately. He could not fathom what the punishment will be. Going through scenarios in his head, imagined Dumbledore banishing him from school, Dumbledore… loud knocking rang through the room. It was late now, all students were sleeping even staff was in deep slumber. If this were Dumbledore... With a sharp intake of breath, opened the door. "Snape?" he choked, looking at his visitor. Snape pushed next to him, not waiting for an invitation. Closing the door, and tossing one swift look at the Snape standing in the middle of the study room, he felt like a teenager on a first date, not sure where to look or what to do. "So, the moment finally comes." he mumbled You fool, you shouldn't expect Dumbledore but Snape all along, he is too proud to tell anyone about what happened . "How may I…" "You could offer me a drink, which would be polite, if not a good start…considering…" coldly reply Snape "Yes, yes of course." brain misfired in attempt to think, while he was leaning across the table to fetch a bottle of Bourbon and glass. Suddenly, the blow of magic hit him on the back, pinning him to the flat table surface. His stomach sunk. Snape was a formidable foe, even as a student, now, one war later he was a very powerful wizard. A powerful wizard that was seeking revenge. He closed his eyes, his clothes were charmed of from him. In expectancy of cruciatus curse or something, even viler, tried to reason with the man, but voice betrayed him. Room was quiet, and for a long time nothing happened, as far as he could tell Snape was not moving, Snape was barely breathing. Fighting attack of panic, he tried to steady his breath, time passed by. "You know Lupin two can play that game. What is stopping me from doing the same to you?" Snape's voice was low, dangerous and almost silken "What is stopping me to do this to you?" Pain seared through his left arm if this was a cruciatus, masterfully localized. The pain subsided in the arm and moved to his leg. Clenching the teeth not to scream, breathing heavily, and tried to focus his mind. Pain moved again in the middle of the spine causing him almost to lose consciousness. "Do not threaten me, Lupin. Ever again, or this…this is just a mild taste of what I can do to you. Not to mention…potion you are in dire need of. Imagine what I can do with that…or simply not do it at all" Suddenly, the magic that was holding him pinned to the table released its grip. Weekly his slide of the table. Snape was standing in the middle of the room, cold and calm as ever. "I believe we are even now." the voice was just a barely a whisper. His eyes pinned on Snape he cleared his dry throat "What now?" Snape just raised one eyebrow and turned on a heel, walking out of the room, leaving Remus in the mass of emotional mess. ~ SS ~ RL ~ SS ~ RL ~ In days to come, Dumbledore did not press the matter of cooperation anymore. Remus appearance started to reflect his inner turmoil. If Snape simply refuses to provide him with the potion, he was in trouble, more so, his coming to Hogwarts in the first place was in vain. For his part, Snape did not show any signs one-way or the other. Even if this part of his "punishment" was not intentional, it was, however, highly effective. The school was buzzing with nearing holidays, students planning their vacations. Saturday finally came, corridors were empty, only few student stayed in school. Remus felt this as a blessed time, under some lame excuse he stayed locked in his room, not even joining remaining staff for meals. Sitting at the same table near the Snape drove him mad. Gray, cloudy day fitted his mood perfectly, he was reading the book waiting for a house elf to bring him his potion. It was only two days until the full moon and he needed two more doses of wolfsbane potion. However, unlike previous days potion did not arrive. By the time light has dimmed he was worried. Gathering whatever strength he could muster, slowly he forced himself through the corridors and down to the dungeons. The dungeon was cold and damp, poorly lighted but it did not bother him much. Smells were more intense here and he could smell Snape's quarters before he reached them. With sight, he knocked on the door. The light was not much brighter inside the room, he noticed, as the Potion Master opened the door and gazed at his