Author's Note: None really...I've got a few chapters written after this...so I should be able to update regularly despite that evil thing we call school. I don't have a beta yet (I'm trying to find one), so if you notice some errors, let me know and I'll fix them ASAP. Second Author's Note: I have at long last found a Beta! This chapter will be cleaned up fairly quickly now, I think :D . Thrid Author's Note: Well...regular updates are actually about as non-existant in my world as Unicorns and Mary Poppins, but I've finally got the fully Betad version of this chapter up, thanks to the wonderful aid of Calenlass Greenleaf. Disclaimer: Unfortunately, I do not own Aragorn, The Lord of the Rings, or anything else. Darn it. "Bury the land and burn the sun, force the wind…hurry up now…to where it's from. Drink the sky and breath the…get on… sea, and I'll be at peace with me. Would you please stop eating that? Come on, the water is just a little further and daddy expects us to be home soon, so please move a little bit faster," she sang as she walked, waving a stick at the goat rumps in front of her. A fat grey goat eyed her warily, clamping its teeth onto a stalk of grass. As she drew nearer, however, its gaze fell and it relinquished its grip and moved ahead. "Thank you," the little girl replied as put on the expression she defined as Mother's aren't-you-glad-you-didn't-push-me-one-step-further look. The goats plodded along, stirring up a faint cloud of dust as she prodded them forward. It was a long and thankless task, and with the sun reaching its zenith, it was about the last thing she wanted to do at this moment. Even through the calluses, the sand was burning her feet, and the sun was reflecting off the ground so harshly that it was difficult to see. Her tongue seemed to grow within her mouth as she became more parched. Well, at least she was nearly there now. As she rounded the bend, an exasperated sigh escaped her lips. For a moment she hung back, wondering if she should go home. Mommy and Daddy wouldn't be happy with her, but surely the goats could go one day without water and she really didn't think it safe to continue, but then she saw a husky brown goat charge off to stand, bleating, at the well's edge. With a deep breath, she gathered her courage and stepped into the open. There was no use hiding when they already knew someone was here. The three Harad warriors leaned against the well, spooning mouthfuls of the water between their lips and laughing and talking as they allowed the rest to spill upon the ground. She walked up almost silently, not daring to attract too much attention to herself. Finally, there was no help for it. She approached one of them and, standing on her tip toes so as to see them more easily, cleared her throat. "Uh, Sir, would you mind letting me draw some water for my goats?" she asked, sending her most innocent and adorable expression their way. "Yes, I would," one of them replied. He had a gaunt face and a light build, but looked rather daunting nonetheless. His eyes sparkled, however, as they moved over her small herd. "However, I may be persuaded otherwise. I haven't eaten anything but soup and stale bread these past few days. Some goat would do nicely on the board. I'm sure you wouldn't mind sparing a few of them, especially if it means you can water the rest." "You can't have any of them," she declared, crossing her arms and tapping her toes. "And it's not nice to keep all the water to yourself." "Oh, but I can, little miss. I can have every single goat, if I so desire. I'm not asking for much, though. Just give me five or so, and keep the rest. Then you can have all the water you want." "I said you can't have any of them." "I don't recall asking," the man hissed, stepping forward and backhanding the girl. She yelped and fell to the ground, much to the delight of the warriors. The spokesman turned to join in his companions' laughter before deciding to continue his game and approach the girl once again. Seeing his looming shape draw near, she trembled and backed away to curl up against the well. "That's more like it. All your filthy lot needs a little humility when dealing with respectable folk. Next time, perhaps you'll be smart and not argue with us. After all, we're only taking what we deserve for keeping you miserable wretches from harm. Now, what do you say, little girl?" Big tears were rolling down her cheeks and she whispered, "Thank you." But her eyes held a seething hate and lack of gratitude. "That's better." Turning back to the other warriors, he popped his neck absently, and then he paused for a time, regarding the small herd. "Come, lads, we'd best teach these peasants a lesson. Perhaps they'll sooner relinquish what we ask for if we give them a little incentive. Take all of them." The men spread out and began slowly guiding the goats away. Horrified, the little girl sprang to her feet and chased after the leader. "No!" she cried as she rushed forward. Grabbing hold of his elbow and digging her heels into the ground, she managed to spin him partially around. "Waif!" the man snarled and took an iron grip on her shoulder, "I'll teach you a lesson yet!" His other arm flew back and coiled as he prepared to strike. "Hold!" Came a sudden command. No one moved at first, but at last the leader of the warriors glanced to the side and the girl's eyes followed. A tall man stood not twenty feet away. She could not take her eyes from him. At first she thought it was some strange magic that held her, but then she realized that it was something else. Though he appeared both lean and weary, there was an air of danger about him as well as something she could not name. His boots were dull, having been scuffed by the sand, his raiment was dark and threadbare, and his cloak was stained with things better left unknown. His hair was long and lank, dark and tangled and a sure sign that he was in need of a bath. She noted as well that, though sunburned, the man's face was oddly pale. Most importantly, to both her and the warriors about her, he carried a bright sword on his hip. The lead warrior went pale, but quickly recovered and sized up the stranger. "What right have you to issue such an order?" he growled. The hand that he'd been about to strike her with slipped down to the hilt of his sword. "What right have you to harm this girl and steal what is hers?" the newcomer replied in an even tone. "There are no laws in this land against such action." "But there are laws of the conscience and of the heart, and these will not suffer me to stand by while you do this." "Meddle in my business if you like, but it would be wise if you were swifter with your sword than your tongue, you arrogant fool!" With that, the Harad warrior freed his sword from its sheath and, dropping the child, rushed toward the stranger, aiming a wicked slash at his neck. In a movement that was impossible for the eye to follow, the pale man drew his sword and blocked the blow. With that first resounding clash, the other two warriors unsheathed their swords and raced into the fight. Slashes and thrusts seemed to come at him from every angle, and it took a great deal of effort to keep them at bay. One such came too near its mark and the stranger was forced to leap aside. At the same moment that he landed, a sword slithered out from the side to strike at him. He deflected it with his own sword before stepping within the man's reach and planting a left hook on his jaw. Perhaps he could have finished that one off then, but another weapon was thrust at him and he was forced to turn his attention to it. They had succeeded in surrounding the man. He was bitterly pressed from all sides, but it seemed to bother him little. There was a righteous fury in every blow he dealt, but he kept it carefully in check. In fact, few were the men who could fight more economically. It was no dancer of death, but a carefully checked whirlwind that the Harad warriors faced. There was little grace in his movements, quick and hard as they were, interspersed with feral punches and kicks. Rather, they were calculated in such a way as to do the maximum amount of damage without causing him to tire too greatly. At last the stranger's sword whipped out and struck off the leader's head. The gory mass rolled some distance away from its fallen master, giving everyone a good view. The girl gaped at it, then felt her stomach become restless and turned away. Apparently one of the two remaining men felt similarly, for he suddenly ceased to fight and, turning on his heel, sped off down the path. The stranger spun away from the remaining fighter to give chase to the coward, but just as he did so, the Harad behind him took the opportunity to rip a long slash down his back. Crying out and arching his back away from the pain, the stranger turned back to the fight. His wrath was terrible. Though the Harad warrior had already brought his sword back around and managed to draw its tip lightly across his chest, he paid it no heed. Rather he reached out with his left hand, catching the warrior's sword hand and, stepping forward, thrust his sword clear through the man. Without a single cry, the warrior fell to the ground. Finally, the stranger turned to where the third had fled with a silent grimace, but all that could be seen by now was the man's dust rising in the distance. With a sigh, the man turned back around. He glanced quickly through the hole that had been made in his tunic, but found that the thin red line was already beginning to scab over. Then he reached behind him and brought his hand back in front of his face, it was smeared with blood. Reaching for his back again, he probed and flinched before giving a resigned sigh and walking over. When he reached her, he slowly sat back on his heels. "Are you well, little one?" he asked in a warm and soothing voice. He waited for a moment, but no response was forthcoming. At last he noticed her eyes and followed her gaze to his blood on his hand and wiped it off on the leg of his pants with a frown. Then he reached forward with his other hand and gently took hold of her shoulder and leaned down until he was at eye level. "Are you well?" he reiterated. The Haradrim had their own language, so maybe you could add that somewhere in the story that Habra usually spoke in her own tongue. But most of the Haradrim knew Common, for sure. "Y-yes, Sir," she stuttered, her bottom lip quivering as she sought to quell her tears. "It's a shame there are people such as those," the man sighed wearily. He stood up then and offered a gloved hand. The girl made no move at first, but, deciding that there was nothing to fear, she took it and rose to her feet. He turned and drew more water from the well, and after taking a long draw from