AN: Alright guys, here's the deal. I'm completely hopeless and have too many ideas for my own good. I honestly (not even joking) dreamed the general concept of this fic, and after that, there was nothing I could do but spend hours and hours writing fifty ruddy pages of this fantastic ridiculousness. That's not to say that this story follows the weird plot of the dream, which had involved Harry melodramatically chasing Voldemort though a whirlpool bog while Fred and George were just like forget you all, we're werewolves . But, eh, yeah. Anyway. Here is it. I've never seen a Fred and George central fic (which is a crime. Really, guys.) While Harry and the lot will feature, they aren't the focus. Sorrynotsorry. Enjoy! Oh, and I obviously don't own Harry Potter and there is no way on the planet I'd actually be able to make money out of their weird ol' tale. That said... now you may read :)) He would be fully capable of making light of the situation around anyone else but George. As it was, his twin brother was the only one he dared to speak of it, and he couldn't be bothered to lie. "This is going to be the end of us," Fred said simply. George rolled his eyes. "No, don't be stupid." "I'm being serious." George cringed, his nose wrinkling as if he'd just said something obscene. "Oh, ew. That's not natural." "Since when do you get to boss me around?" "Since you started moping about like a wet cat." "I'm not-" Fred shook his head. "Fine." He attempted to stare very hard at his hands but ended up smiling when George nudged him. "You don't even know for sure yet, Fred." Fred cast him a deadpan look. George rolled his eyes. "Look, I did something to cheer you up." He glanced out the window and Fred's gaze followed it. Quickly, he untangled himself from his blankets and pressed his nose against the glass. The air was cold outside, November finally showing her shiverish nature. The glass fogged with his breath. "The exploding dino?" "Yup." George grinned. "Watch. That window." Fred watched. The night was cloudy, and only the smallest sliver of a moon lit up the lawn that drooped down to the lake. In the distance, the vague forms of the Dementors could be seen, making Fred shiver involuntarily. He turned his gaze from them. Across the lawn, Fred and George had a perfect view into Snape's office window, which was just above the ground. Suddenly, the window lit up with blue light and an outraged shout reached them from the opposite side of the school. Fred and George collapsed in laughter. "Will you two shut it!" a sleepy voice grunted from across the room, making it necessary for George to chuck a pillow at the fun killer's head. Fred grinned and jumped back in bed. George followed suit and they met eyes. "It's going to be okay," George whispered, his eyes gleaming in the moonlight, bringing Fred's attention back to the issue at hand. "We'll figure it out." The scariest thing was that Fred could tell George didn't really believe that. Soon George was asleep but Fred stayed up, staring at the sliver of the moon. Two days earlier "I solemnly swear I am up to no good," Fred whispered, tapping his wand against the blank parchment. Instantly black ink spilled over the surface and reformed into the brilliant little map that had helped them so much. One last tunnel and they would have explored all that the map had to offer. They'd already agreed to give it to the famous Potter kid Ronny always hung out with. Of all the people, the Boy Who Lived would need the map. Especially if he kept up his 'saving people' thing. Maybe at the next Hogsmeade trip… Harry had proved himself on several occasions to be the pranking sort. Fred glanced at George who tapped the wall in front of him with his wand experimentally. The teachers were rather distracted with an unfortunate dung bombing in the dining room, and everyone else was in bed, leaving them free to explore. After this last tunnel, they wouldn't need the map, despite its uses. "Maybe try dancing in front of it like that other tunnel." Fred offered with a smirk. "Not falling for that again, Fred." "Not my fault you're so gullible. It would be a crime to not take advantage." George snorted. "If we were talking about anyone else-" "You'd agree. I know." Fred scanned the map and watched their new Defense professor walk down the hall. "Bugger," Fred muttered. "Have you got it yet?" "Hang on… There." George's wand slid into a hidden slot and out again, and a door appeared out of nowhere. They grinned at it. "Brilliant." "He's coming." Fred rolled up the map and tried the door. It was unlocked and they both fumbled inside and waited with baited breath as Professor Lupin's steps passed by. At exactly the same moment, the twins nodded and moved into the dark tunnel. " Lumos," George whispered, bringing a white light to the tip of his wand. It smelled like mildew and rat droppings in the tunnel but that was good because it meant no one had used the passage in a very long time. "Another one to Hogsmeade?" "No, wrong direction. Gonna have to see, I guess. Maybe there's a swimming pool at the end. I'd like a swimming pool." Fred glanced at his twin. His red hair was lit up in the light like a fiery halo. "You can't even swim." "Hush." They walked for a long while in silence, their footsteps echoing up and down the dank tunnel. The longer they traveled, the more excitement built up in Fred's chest, a feeling echoed back at him in George's eyes. He loved this part. Right before the mystery was revealed. Discovering something no one else knew. The twins exchanged glances. They didn't really need words to communicate. Speaking was usually reserved for not so subtle jibes at each other. Finally, they reached a trap door on the ceiling at the end of the tunnel. They both stared up at it. "Remember when-?" Fred snickered. "Still makes me laugh." "Her face , though." "Like a plum." George laughed quietly and they both began poking the door with their wands. It was just high enough that the tips hit it when they stretched up. "Maybe we shouldn't-" "Yeah, blasting the door last time nearly got us caught." Fred cast his gaze around the empty tunnel. "It's like they built this for a giant." "Or Hagrid." "Same difference." Fred bit his lip, thinking. "Alright, brother. Bottom or top or levitation spell?" George screwed up his face. "I was bottom last time." "Yeah… but you're uglier… and I'm oldest. Can't have you scaring off the pretty girls lounging at the pool when you pop up." "Prat," he muttered. Then he lifted his wand and cast a weightless spell. "Aw, boring," Fred complained as he bounced on the ceiling like a stringless balloon. "Balancing on your shoulders is much better." "Well, if you weren't so fat, maybe I'd reconsider." Fred snorted and spun around so that he could unlatch the door. He pressed it open, gratified when it gave at his touch easily. The wood warned of splinters and Fred kept his contact with it minimal. He pushed it open, causing sticks, dirt, and leaves to rain down on them. Fred laughed, drifting out and catching the edge of the door to keep from floating away, effectively looking like he was doing a handstand on the edge. His robes dropped down over his face but he did not appear to notice as he canceled the spell with his own wand and placed his feet on the ground. Adjusting his clothes and putting the wand away, he looked around. "What do you know, Georgie, it is a swimming pool." "Fred, I can tell when you're fibbing." "Worth a shot." With his hand planted on his hips, Fred spun in a circle and waited while George levitated out of the door and settled beside him. They shut the entrance with a clack, and it melded with the ground. "Huh." "Forbidden Forest." Neither boy was particularly bothered that the Forbidden Forest implied that it was forbidden to go inside. Honestly, who even followed that rule? Well… Fred thought all the boring people who would probably live normal lives and not die doing something ridiculous like he figured George and him would. But such was life and who was he to argue, right? It was more fun this way anyhow. George scratched his nose. "Useful, I suppose." "Could let a bunch of those bat things in the school, yeah?" George nodded. "Or a flock of owls." Rolling his eyes, Fred caught George's gaze. "Owls don't have flocks." " Exactly . We could make them think it's a thing everyone has been-" "missing…" Fred thought for a moment. "That's… we could work with that." "I am a genius after all." Fred cast George a look that clearly said why, thank you for reminding me for the thirty-fifth time today, and then he turned to walk around the little clearing. The dark was oppressive and wet and a sickly chill hung in the air that ate away at Fred's excitement over a new secret. He wrapped his arms around his skinny form and shivered. How depressingly creepy. Between the black trees, gnarled branches created a formidable barrier against the sky. Clouds skirted about the slice of the moon but the stars were nowhere to be seen. With leaves and twigs crunching under his feet, Fred stepped deeper into the forest, knowing instinctively that his brother would follow. "Make sure you-" he started. "Already on it," George interrupted. He broke branches as they walked, marking their path. They read it in a book on adventuring once. Or maybe it had been a muggle film Dad brought home… no matter. They circled the area, their breath in the air and broken sticks the only evidence of their trespass. Fred located a particularly smelly bog that would fit in wonderfully in the prefect's bathroom, not to mention a wonderfully sized frog for their new and improved frog chocolates. Now they'd just have to dye its skin the exact brown and leave it for Slytherin. That would be quite satisfying. They met back in the clearing a few minutes later and quickly whisked through their findings as they started out again, going further this time. A tunnel to the forest was looking more and more appealing. George was dramatically acting out just how Draco would look when he was suddenly covered in bog water, frogs, and wearing a crown of fairy leaves, and Fred dutifully took on the role of Professor Macdonald. He cleared his throat and primly clasped his hands behind his back, managing somehow to look down his nose at someone of exactly the same height. "And what is the meaning of this, Mr. Malfoy?" George struggled to hold a straight face before they both gave up and collapsed into giggles. "Gonna be great," George snickered and Fred nodded enthusiastically. They took turns imitating each teacher, in turn, doing Snape several times. George started in a nasal tone. " Mi ster Malfoy…. I would like to know…. the meaning of such… behavior but… I talk so slow I forgot what I was… talking about." He scratched his head. "Do you happen to have any shampoo? I've just discovered it." "Oh! Oh! Or it's like-" But a sudden shuffling stopped both boys. They stilled and drew close to each other on reflex. "On second thought-" "We should probably be getting back, Fred." "My thoughts exactly." However, neither Gryffindor moved, the cheerful mood dribbling into the dirt beneath their feet as foreboding rose around them. They glanced around the dark forest and realized they had