Before I start with the story I would like to say a couple of things. PLEASE READ THEM! 1-The plot of the story does not belong to me. The original idea is from the user: TheEnderofAllThings . The story is called: Do you like Lemonade? So he/she deserves all the corresponding rights as the legitimate author of the first chapter of the story that I am going to continue. 2-I must warn you that my native language is not English. (It is currently my third language). And that therefore, you will find grammar mistakes, incorrectly formulated sentences... I am really sorry, I have tried to do the best I can in this aspect. 3-Imagine this story in a parallel universe, because it is completely impossible the situation where Annabeth cheats on Percy, or for Jason to do the same with Piper. (Well with the descendants of Zeus you never know) But I doubt it. Therefore all this is completely fictional, like the name of the page in which this is published. Do not imagine that after winning the war against Gaia all this really happens. 4-It is better that you take this story with humor, if it is true that it contains Lemons, if you are here for this, you will have them and you will enjoy them. I promise i will try my best on them. There will be Lemons between Annabeth and Jason, Piper and Percy... But they will not be typical of: "Hello, you're very sexy" "Oh, thank you ... you want to fuck?" Well, in the first chapter the author does that more or less, but he/she also creates a background. And that's why I'm here. 5- I repeat, this is a story where there are Lemons, but you can say there is a plot, or an explanation behind things. Mostly. You will see it. Therefore, (although for example in my country sex is spoken freely and adolescents from a certain age already know practically everything about sex), it is worth remembering that this story has sexual content with descriptions and another type of things. 6-I have not modified the original chapter written by TheEnderofAllThings in any way, I will continue it as he/she wrote it. Well, maybe I've corrected a couple of things, but that's not the point. 7-Finally, if you are wondering why I have decided to continue a story like this, the reason is very simple. There's something extremely sexy about imagining Annabeth and Jason having sex. It is something that is so bad, so wrong, that I like it. (In my opinion). When I read the story of TheEnderofAllThings one day, I did not enjoy much the sex scene, but the context in which the author puts it, yes. Annabeth married with Percy and currently with three children, Jason married with Piper. The blondes have been having sex behind their respective wife and husband (Or so they think). Annabeth is a successful woman... I simply wanted to develop the universe that the author has already created. When I saw that there were more chapters, but that they were not a continuation of the story that he/she had started, and then I looked at the reviews and saw some people who wanted to read a second part, who wanted to read how the plot continues. I decided to do it. The continuation I wanted to do is a fun one, enjoyable, but also with the thing that characterizes the story, sex scenes. Better than those he/she wrote, (or at least I'll try). I hope this chapter will please some of the characteristics mentioned above, or at least, that you do not fall for boredom . (Oh, by the way, you will have to wait for the Lemons, they'll be in the next chapter, I will try my best for the sex scene, it'll be my first time writing a sex scene, but I promise I'll make it nice. But, it will be in the next chapter xD). -Link to the story and to TheEnderofAllThings profile: u/4555607/TheEnderofAllThings s/9044040/1/Do-you-like-Lemonade DISCLAIMER: All the characters belong to the almighty Rick Riordan. -Original Chapter- It was a sunny day. In the Jackson household Percy and Annabeth were still in bed, a face was looking on them. The face of one of their children, this was the youngest one at 4 years old named Hailey. Hailey was just like her father, always getting into trouble and always wanting to do something, and unlike him was a smarty pants, something that she got from her mother. All three were like that in fact. Andrew and Charlie Jackson were smart and outgoing, twins who were 7 years old. "Daddy Mommy get up its time to get ready for my birthday!" Hailey said. "One-second sweetheart it's still early," replied Annabeth face down in her silk sheets and comforter. -Time Skip- Seven hours later Hailey's birthday party was in full swing, many had arrived to celebrate, and after all, she was the daughter of the two that defeated Gaia, they expected great things from her. A doorbell ring came from the front door and Annabeth moved to open it for the newcomers, opening the door she saw two people that she hadn't expected as they both lived in California. These were people that Annabeth wanted to see less than Hades, or perhaps just one of the pair. This person was none other than Jason Grace the son of Zeus, and accompanying him was his wife whom he was in love with for 8 years, Piper Mclean, daughter of Aphrodite. Oh, how she hated Aphrodite, the goddess of love that could make you do things, oh despicable things. Some of these things included sleeping with a certain son of Zeus, many, many times from a few weeks after she met him to the day that she got married, to the day that she told him she was pregnant and the baby might be his, just to name a few. They were having a secret affair behind Percy and Piper, something that they had no idea why they were doing it, but it kept on happening, every time she saw him and he her, the forbidden nature of it and the secrecy made them want to jump each other, strip the other down and go at it until the both came, and then just want to go at it again. Even if these were there feelings they still had control over themselves, somewhat. "Hi Jason, hi Piper." Annabeth greeted with a smile, "I didn't think you guys would make it." "Neither did we but Jason decided to surprise you guys so here we are." Replied Piper with a smile as well. "Well come in, say hi to everyone." Annabeth motioned them to come inside. As soon as they entered Annabeth and Jason raced to find an excuse for both of them to get some place alone, to have sex with each other of course. Being a daughter of Athena had its benefits of course and she quickly thought up something that would give them at least an hour. "Percy sweetheart, Alison called, she said she saw a few hellhounds around her work, I'm going to go see if she is ok alright?" "Oh my gods, yeah sure I'm coming with you." Answered Percy worried. "No that's alright Percy, Jason offered to come, and besides I want at least one of us here." "Well, then why don't I go?" Percy asked. "Because Percy, we both know Hailey's a daddy's girl. I know she wouldn't want you to miss her having all this fun, so it's okay, don't worry about it alright." "Alright, but be careful babe, and take care of her Jason." He finally said. "Yeah of course," Jason said mentally laughing at what he was going to do with Annabeth as soon as they left, he would take care of her alright. Jason and Annabeth began to walk out of the house and into Annabeth's expensive Mercedes, she was a powerful and rich women, beautiful and young, she was what women wanted to be and men wanted to be with. To get in between her legs and get her on her back screaming their name over and over, something that only Percy and Jason had the pleasure of experiencing. And Jason would experience it again soon enough. In the car Jason already had his fingers in Annabeth's pussy getting her ready for what was to come, he had slipped his fingers between her open, shaved, and long legs, underneath her skirt that showed just how sexy her legs were, moving her black lace panties to one side. His fingers were going to work inside of her, and he could tell that she was excited if the wetness that was her pussy was any indication, she was always wet for him. "For the love of Gods Jason I'm driving can't you wait until we get to the hotel?" Said Annabeth but her moans betrayed her words she wanted him inside of her, and she wanted him now. One orgasm and 10 minutes later at extremely high speeds, they hadn't died and no cop had pulled them over, they had finally reached the Hotel. It was classy and not some prostitute den. They paid their fee and quickly moved to their room on the tenth floor. Kissing each other with an extensive need. When they arrived at the elevator, he was pushing her against the elevator wall while he plunged three fingers into her soaking wet vagina, again. All this while attached to her lips with his own. Pushing his tongue into her mouth as she accepted it. Annabeth meanwhile pressed her hand on his growing erection getting it harder than it already was. "Gods Jason it's been eight months, I needed this." "I know, so did I." "Ding" Their floor came up and they pushed to get to their room. Sliding in the key card they entered and took in their surroundings, a somewhat large table, and bed, a view of the buildings below them, a bathroom with a tub and shower, a kitchen with an island and bar stools... Oh so many options, but first things are first, the bed. Annabeth began to take off Jason's shirt revealing his beautifully sculpted abs, and she ran her fingers all over them praising his magnificient body. Annabeth then began planting kisses along his chest. He was really sexy. She sometimes dreamed about his pecs. Just sometimes. Turning him around, she placed him on the bed and moved to take off his pants that held his throbbing cock within. Annabeth took off his pants leaving him in his underwear, and she saw the tent that his length was forming, she was excited, to say the least. She then took down his underwear and throw them somwhere in the rooom. Releasing his massive package. If before she had some thought of what she was doing, and that it was wrong. That she could not do this to Percy, now she does not have one left. The cock that she was looking at, that was standing straight up, had so much history with her. It took her virginity; both pussy and anal. It was the first dick that she ever sucked, it gave her first orgasm ever, and her second, and her third and so on and so forth. It was the first one to have on her wedding day. They do not know yet why they do what they do, but whenever they find each other, they only think about everything they have done together, and they want to continue doing it. As much as they love their husband and wife respectively, they have the need to remove their clothes and fuck in any imaginable place. They have been doing this for many years, many years that neither Piper nor Percy know what they have done: positions that they can not imagine doing with their love partners, places that