A Fallen Hero Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays everyone! As I am wrapping up the newest chapter for Dear Bella Swan You're Playing with the Big Boys , I wanted to give you all a little something to tide you over. This was originally written for the 3rd Annual Fandom Charity Event for Fandom For Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (Fandom4LLS). Permission was granted to post piece after December 1st, 2013. Summary: Chief Swan was recently killed in the line of duty. In the wake of his death, Bella relies on the strength of those around her to get her through, namely her boyfriend Edward, and her brother Emmett. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of Stephenie Meyer. The original characters and plot are property of me, Dobber17. I am in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Edited by Carinelautner and SecretlySeverus Enjoy! ~!~ My simple black dress flared as the ends of my dark hair were teased by the wind. I welcomed the cold air. It provided a slight distraction from the searing pain in my chest. The smell of flowers and freshly dug earth filled the air. People clad in black surrounded me—some I knew and some I didn't. I barely heard the priest's words. It wasn't that I didn't want to listen—my mind and body were too numb to register what he said. A strong arm wrapped around my shoulders, pulling me into a warm body. I glanced up, my eyes leaving their spot on the overgrown grassy ground–I couldn't bear looking at the casket. My agonized brown eyes reached my brother's face. Emmett's face matched my own, except his eyes shone with unshed tears while my eyes and cheeks glimmered with silent tears cascading down my face like a never-ending waterfall. "They're about to lower the casket. It's time to say goodbye." Emmett's voice wasn't its usual loud and energetic tone; it was soft and careful. He was holding it together better than I was. Just barely. He was forever known in this town as the all-star football player and homecoming king. He was also the boy who just lost his father. That's when it hit me. This was my last goodbye to my father. I walked on shaky legs to the casket that held my peacefully resting father. Images of him lying still in the casket still haunted my mind. The gunshot wound in his head poorly disguised. I sunk down on my knees, tucking my legs under me. "Hey, Daddy," I whispered. I could hardly recognize my voice as my own. "I noticed how beautiful the sky was the other day, and then I realized it's because you're up there. I miss you so much." The lump in my throat grew. "I promise I'll keep Emmett in line for you." My hands ghosted over the casket. "I love you." Emmett crouched down beside me. "Hey, Dad. I promise I'll keep an eye out for Bella. My baby sister will be well taken care of. No harassing God for beer." He let out a lone chuckle and cleared his throat. "I miss you, Dad. I love you." We stayed on the ground as a few other people came to say their goodbyes, only getting up once the priest laid his hands on our shoulders. I leaned forward, pressing my lips to the chilled casket before standing on unsteady legs. The priest cleared his throat and projected his voice loud enough for the overflowing sea of black to hear. "And now, Chief Charles Michael Swan has joined with other loved ones up in the beautiful place we know as heaven." I stood in silence as the casket slowly made its descent. I had to tear my eyes away, unable to look anymore. My gaze fell on my grandparents. My grandpa held my grandma in a fierce grip as she bawled. I couldn't imagine how hard it had to be, watching your child be buried. A strong hand slipped in mine, giving me support. Even without being able to see from the blurriness of my tears I knew it was Edward. He had respectfully stepped back earlier when Emmett came to walk me to the casket. Now he held me tight, in a way I knew he was promising to never let me go. I looked over to see Emmett wrapped in Rosalie's embrace, his strong façade broken as he wept. Rose, his fiancé and childhood sweetheart, promised things would eventually get better, gave him encouragement to stay strong and most importantly, knew the agony he was going through. She had lost both her parents in a car accident at a young age. The next thing I knew, we pulled into our driveway. I couldn't remember leaving the cemetery. Pain clawed at me through my chipped amour of numbness. People trickled into the house, telling us how sorry they were. I was suffocating. I weaved undetected through the throng of black, making my way up the stairs. I walked down the hall and stopped in front of my room, my hand resting on the knob. Before I could stop myself I turned and went into my dad's room. It looked the same as it always did. Simple beige sheets dressed the unmade bed, a dirty pile of clothes had accumulated in a corner—their clean counterparts piled lazily on an oak dresser—while a handful of coins laid on his nightstand next to a dog-eared book. The hanger he always put his uniform on still hung on a hook in front of his closet. I silently made my way across the room to his dresser, retrieving one of his old flannel shirts. I pulled it onto my shoulders before letting myself curl up in the middle of his bed. Tears sprung to my eyes as I inhaled the familiar scent of my dad. I heard the door creak open but I didn't open my eyes. I felt the bed dip with his weight as he crawled on the bed next to me. Strong arms enveloped me, and Edward's fingers threaded through mine. Even with my dad's shirt on, I didn't know how cold I was until Edward's warmth surrounded me. He had taken off his suit jacket and had the sleeves of his black dress shirt rolled to his elbows. "What can I do, love? Please just tell me what I can do," his voice cracked. Edward always had outstanding control over his emotions, holding himself together when he needed to be strong for someone else. The past few days had taken its toll on him. He had been by my side every step of the way as Rose had been by Emmett's. I didn't blame him for allowing his emotions to come out. Lord knew he kept himself together for my sake long enough. I turned my head to look at him, feeling more pain claw at my exposed heart when I saw the wetness on his cheeks. "Just hold me." My voice was horse. I hadn't realized that was one of the few times I'd spoken at all the entire day. He held me tight, soothing me through the moments where I couldn't contain my tears, and comforting me even after I had run out of tears to shed. Sadness was exhausting. I fought with my eyelids as they flirted with the edge of sleep, my body fighting to take me away from my thoughts and emotions. I made a move to get up, but Edward held me close. "You don't have to go back down until you're ready, Bella." I nodded. I was ready. At least, I thought I was. As soon he led me down the stairs, I froze. Dozens upon dozens of eyes flicked to my face, some looking away in sadness and others were unable to look away, trying to will me their sympathy from across the room. I knew everyone crowded in my house held some sort of sadness in their hearts, but nothing could compare to the agony those closest to him felt ripping through their souls. Emmett stood with one of Charlie's fellow police officers next to a table laden with finger foods. Rose remained close, repeatedly running her hand down his back in a gesture I learned to recognize as her way of soothing him. My gaze shifted to my grandparents. My grandmother still sobbed uncontrollably and my grandfather silently sat beside her, letting his cheeks collect the moisture slowly trickling from his eyes. Knowing I felt overwhelmed, Edward took my hand and led me to the back porch. No one else was outside due to the fact the wind had picked up quickly and the temperature felt as though Jack Frost was personally slapping you across the face. He moved as though he was going to unbutton his coat before realizing he had already removed it. Instead, he rubbed his palms along my goose-pimpled arms. I welcomed the warmth. I turned back to face the back door, doing my best to take deep, calming breaths. Edward waited until my breathing returned to normal to speak. "Do you want to go inside?" I shook head, not ready to face everyone. Not yet. "Do you want me to get Emmett?" My response caught in my throat, but Edward knew with one look I needed my brother. Though inside I knew Emmett was fairing the same as I was, I needed him for the strength I could pull from him and for being the anchor he had never once failed to be. As much love and support as Edward could give me, it wasn't the same as a brother's love. In this time of grief and sorrow, I needed Emmett who felt every pain I felt and who felt every same bit of their heart being yanked from their chest. "I love you, Bella." Edward gave me a lingering kiss on my forehead before getting up. "I'll be right back with Emmett," he promised. The back door squeaked shut behind him and I was left on my own. The silence was surprisingly welcoming. I sat on the stairs and slipped off my heels, wriggling my toes as they were freed from their confines. I heard the door creak open and high heels click on the concrete. My heart sunk when the smell of cinnamon surrounded me and a perfectly manicured hand gripped my shoulder. I shrugged it off, knowing exactly who it was. "What do you want, Renee?" I asked, my voice lifeless and flat. "Isabella Marie Swan! That's no way to speak to your mother." I scoffed silently. "You don't deserve that title," I told her truthfully. "I gave birth to you." I somehow couldn't find it in myself to care that I was irritating her. I didn't have the patience for her. Not today. "Fine. You might be my mother, but you're not my mom." "I was married to your father for fifteen years, ten of which you were alive for." "Yet, you cheated on him for the last six years of that marriage." I shifted how I was sitting so I faced her. "You just don't get it, do you? You don't see the damage you've done. You don't care about what you left in your wake." Renee's body visibly tensed. "That's not true. I tried to get you to live with me because I would have raised you better than your father." My anger flared and I sprang to my feet, causing Renee to take a step back. "That's what I'm talking about! You never asked Emmett to live with you, not once. How do you think that made him feel? And how dare you say that about my father. He raised me perfectly." I was yelling now, but I didn't care. Renee arched a single eyebrow. "He taught you how to overreact and raise your voice; that much is