Dear Bella Swan, You're Playing with the Big Boys Disclaimer-I don't own Twilight Summary- All Human. One day in gym class, Forks High learns that Bella Swan can kick. The football team needs a kicker. The result of that: Bella makes the football team. The problem: None of the guys want a girl on their team. This chapter has been edited by lunar-eclipse95 and Drummer110010101 Chapter One: New School "Passengers, please sit back in your seats and buckle your seat belts. We are about to begin our landing to Port Angeles Airport," the flight attendant shrilled annoyingly. Forks was too small of a town to have an airport so Charlie, my father and also the Police Chief of Forks, was going to pick me up in Port Angeles. When my parents got divorced my mom and I moved to Phoenix, but I would spend every summer in Forks with Charlie. The summer before I turned fourteen, my mom wouldn't let me go to Forks since Charlie wouldn't be able to handle a teenage girl with mood swings and hormones. I felt like I was way more mature than my own mother and she had even told me that countless, but she still thought Charlie wouldn't be able to handle me. Now that my mother had re-married, I decided to move to Forks and live with Charlie so my mom and Phil could have some time alone. I definitely wasn't a huge fan of all the rain, but I missed my father so much it actually hurt; it had been almost four years since I last saw Charlie. We had talked over the phone during the years but it still wasn't the real thing. Charlie wasn't much of a talker so our conversations never lasted longer than fifteen minutes. I was jarred out of my thoughts when I felt the wheels on the plane hit the ground. I grabbed my carry-on and patiently waited my turn to get off the plane. Once I reached the baggage claim area, I quickly found Charlie and walked over to him. I was expecting an awkward one-arm hug and back pat, but I was surprised when Charlie wrapped me in a bone-crushing bear hug. "I've missed you, Bells." I smiled at the nickname he always used for me whenever I came to visit. "I missed you too, Dad." Charlie released me and we waited for the conveyer to start bringing out luggage. "How's Renee doing?" Charlie asked casually. It was no secret to me that Charlie had never stopped loving my mom. It was heart-wrenching to see how happy my mom was with Phil while Charlie stayed heartbroken with no one there to mend it. "She's doing good. Same as always." I saw my two navy blue suitcases rounding the corner and Charlie helped me grab them. We left the airport - in Charlie's cruiser, I might add - and quickly made our way to Forks. The drive had minimum conversation. Like I said before, Charlie wasn't much of a talker. "I was planning on just ordering pizza tonight so you don't have to cook. Is that okay?" Charlie was probably worried that I was one of those girls who refuse to eat actual food and is always on a diet. As if. I loved food too much to ever go on a diet, yet I was still as small as most of those hardcore diet and exercise girls. "I guess you don't miss my cooking that much," I teased. "But pizza sounds great." "Ham, green peppers, and extra cheese fine with you?" I think I started salivating like one of Pavlov's dogs. That was my absolute favourite kind of pizza. "Father, did you even have to ask?" I tried to sound appalled but from the grin on Charlie's face, I knew it hadn't work. We picked up a medium pizza and ate in the car on our way home. We finally turned onto our street when it was 9:30pm. "Welcome home, Bella," Charlie told me once we pulled into the driveway. We grabbed my bags from the trunk of the cruiser and brought them up the stairs to my room. As I was opening the door to my room, Charlie cleared his throat. "Bells, I repainted your room and added some furniture in there. If you don't like it just let me know; I'll change it." It was hard to miss how nervous he sounded. I finished opening the door and flicked on the light. My room was perfect. Well, not perfect perfect, but perfect enough for me. The walls were painted a beautiful shade of rich turquoise-blue. There was a desk with an old-looking computer in one of the corners, and the wooden rocking chair that has always been in my room in another. There was a fair-sized bookcase with only a few books next to the desk and finally, a very comfortable looking twin-sized bed. "It's perfect. Thank you so much," I told Charlie as I walked into my room and flopped onto the bed. Oh, yes. It was very comfy indeed. "You know, you're starting school tomorrow so you might want to just unpack some things tonight so you can get a good night's sleep. Also, you're going to have to walk to school since I always leave early in the morning." Charlie hesitated. "Is that okay? It's just a ten minute walk." "I have no problem walking." As long as it's not raining, I mentally added. "I'll just unpack a bit before taking a shower and going to bed. Night, Dad." I ended up unpacking both my suitcases before I showered. I really didn't pack that much stuff, so it didn't take me long. I had a quick shower before I crawled into bed and tried to fall asleep. Walking the halls of Forks High made me feel like I was a new exhibit at the zoo; everyone was watching me with curious eyes. I made it to my first period class just as the bell was ringing. "Ah, Miss. Swan. Welcome to Forks High. Please take a seat next to Miss. Brandon so we can begin class," Mr. Smith, my English teacher, welcomed me as he pointed to a girl in the room who I assumed was Miss. Brandon. I ignored everyone's stares as I made my way over to the pixy-like girl he pointed to. I dropped my bag on the ground and fell very ungracefully into my seat. I mean, it has to take skill to be able to trip on the strap of a bag as you're about to sit. "Hey, I'm Alice," the girl beside me introduced herself and stuck out her hand. "Bella," I replied with a smile as I shook her hand. Mr. Smith cleared his throat loudly. "Now if you're all done staring at Ms. Swan, please turn your attention to the board and copy the questions you will need to answer after reading the first act of Macbeth." Mr. Smith had been walking towards me as he spoke. He placed a well-worn copy of Shakespeare's Macbeth on my desk before he returned to the front of the classroom. I pulled out a piece of paper and began copying the questions. Once I had all the questions written down, I opened Macbeth and began reading. Halfway through class Alice slipped me a note. What class do you have next? I dug my timetable out of my pocket and unfolded it. It was heavily creased from all the times I had unfolded and refolded it in my attempts to memorize my schedule. I was about to write down that my next class was Biology, but Alice just took my timetable out of my hand. She looked like she was making mental notes as she read what my classes were. She nodded to herself before she returned the piece of paper to me. She began writing something and a moment later, she slipped me another note. Do you want to eat lunch with me? I nodded and smiled. I think I just made my first friend here in Forks. Alice returned my smile and we turned our attention back to Mr. Smith before we got in trouble for not paying attention. However, a crumpled up piece of paper that flew across the class and landed in the centre of my desk prevented me from paying attention to what Mr. Smith was saying. I looked around the room in confusion and slowly unfolded the paper. Alice snatched the note out of my hands before I had the chance to read a single word on the paper. Her eyes quickly scanned the paper before she angrily scribbled something down on the paper and crumpled it into a ball. She whipped it across the room and it nailed a guy with blond hair square in the back of his head. He reached down and grabbed the paper off the floor and quickly unfolded it. He turned sharply and glared at Alice who easily returned his glare. After a few long moments, he turned his attention to me. Instead of glaring like I thought he was going to, he puckered his lips in my direction and gave me a wink before he turned around to face the front of the classroom. Um, okay? I shook my head slightly, trying to get rid of the confusion swimming around up there. "Mike Newton. He's bad news, stay away from him," Alice explained in a whisper as if she had known I had just mentally questioned what had occurred. "What did his note say?" I was almost afraid of hearing what the answer was going to be. "Trust me, you don't want to know." An involuntarily shiver rippled through my body. At first I thought it was from Alice's words but then I realized I was sitting next to an open window. Huh, perfect timing the wind had to create a dramatic effect. The bell finally rang, signaling that class was over. I shoved my books in my bag and slung it over my shoulder. "I'll walk you to Biology since it's close to my Chemistry class. Wait outside of your classroom once class is done and we can walk to Gym together," Alice told me as she began leading me through the halls. It only took us a minute to reach my Biology class. I thanked Alice for her help and she replied with a cheerful, "That's what friends are for!" I took a deep breath before I pushed open the classroom door. There were only a few students in the classroom but they all stopped what they were doing and stared at me. My teacher, Mr. Banner, welcomed me and told me I would be sitting at my own lab table at the back of the classroom. I hurriedly made my way to my seat and prayed Biology would pass quickly. I suffered through an entire hour of stares before the bell rang. On my way out the door, I accidentally bumped into one of the girls in my class. "I'm so sorry," I apologized and helped pick up the books scattered on the floor. "It's okay. I know you didn't mean to." I gave her a grateful smile and she stuck out her hand. "Angela Weber," she introduced herself. "Bella Swan," I replied as I shook her hand. We finished picking up the books and walked out of the classroom. Alice was waiting outside of my classroom and gave us a cheery smile. "I thought you ditched me!" Alice joked before she turned her attention to Angela. "Want to walk with us to Gym? Bella's in our class too!" Angela agreed and the three of us waved through the halls. I relied on Alice and Angela to lead me since I had no clue where I was going and because I kept my eyes glued to the floor to avoid seeing everyone staring. Once we were safely in