(Dess = Indis, Kalrê is an OC.) "Elî and Kêmî made us," said Istajê, one of the Tatjâi visitors, reciting the traditional tale that marked all the Kwendî as kin despite their differences. "Kêmî formed our bodies from the ground, but it was Elî's starlight which we beheld first that loosed our tongues and lit our minds to give us life that is different from the animals of the forest. It is why we cried her name first." "That is so. But we would not have come into being in the first place if not for their love," affirmed Kwessê with the fine golden hair, who was rubbing reedmace tubers into flour by the fire. Dess handed her a basket to catch the excess that began spilling from the saddle stone. "They made us because they wanted no mates except each other, and yet wanted children. It is why some of us are as they are." She put her handstone aside and grinned at Dess, who grinned back. "Maybe some got a little more of Elî and Kêmî's love than we others, and that is why we want mates with wegî and they want mates who have peñû ," Kwessê said, and glanced at the broad back of her husband by the other fire. He seemed not to notice. It was not something that was often spoken about openly – but the Tatjâi appeared to be untroubled, laughed, and continued speaking. "We call them sjatsî ," said Ruskê with the strange hair, another of the Tatjâi , and she and Istajê unconcernedly began to speak of matters and new words that related to what they had discussed. At the other fire, the men began to stir and look across, and Târî raised an eyebrow and glared at them. She could not very well chide the visitors, although some of the women had begun tittering among themselves. "This is private! Off with you! Go and brag about how the fire baked your clay to greater hardness! We aren't prying into your affairs, don't pry into ours!" she said to the men, Minjâi as well as Tatjâi visitors, who had been listening, and they rose, muttering. "Sit in your huts, we have matters to discuss that are not for your ears. Talk about the things Elî and Kêmî did to make you different from us! " They rose muttering, but when the men had gone, she turned back to the visitors. "Let us speak more openly now. Dess grinned to see her mother send the men away, and stayed a little while to listen. Then, red in the face, with the Tatjâi words still churning on her mind, slipped to her feet as well, though she did still not follow the men into the huts, and instead sped past the guards on their posts at the edge of the village and down into the forest until she found whom she had sought. Hiding a giggle, she slid behind the trunk of a large pine and waited until Kalrê had finished mapping the standing stone to determine the next strokes of her brush. Dess jumped from her hiding place. Kalrê's brushstroke went awry, a smudge over the rock painting's face, and the bowl of ochre pigment spilled. " Dess ! You are hopeless! Distracting me from my tasks all the time! What are you doing down here in the forest alone? Would you have the Rider take you away?" "There are guards above us," she said and pointed up the slope through the trees, to the huts on the hilltop, "Târî's brother Ingô, and others, too, like Ilwê who always keeps near him. But nothing will hunt us while they keep watch, even though I have no spear like you." Dess grinned. Kneeling behind Kalrê on the pine-needle carpet, she regarded her friend's work upon great rock rising from the forest floor – it proudly displayed tall figures with spears and flowing hair, beautiful but terrible, apart from the last of all, with the smudged face. "And none of the Rider's... things will dare cross this." It was only the third stone in the fence that Kalrê had painted, but already they showed the beginning of a host marching to protect the outer borders of the settlement, many more people than lived on the hill, perhaps as many as had gathered to erect the stone fence – all the settlements of the Minjâi had come together, and even some of the Tatjâi had come to show them how to shape the stones, pull them upward, and anchor them in the earth. "I hope they won't dare; else the work will all have been in vain. But they never did before; I do not know why it should be different now." Dess began to play with the braided string across Kalrê's shoulders that held her clothes up, having her half-turn, and put her paint and brush aside as she leaned into the touches. "I wanted to tell you - there were visitors these won't keep away, though – and shouldn't," Dess said. "From the dwelings of the Tatjâi on the hill in the north . That is why I came to talk to you - they brought Târî dough, and recited the tale, and for some of us they had new words that I wanted to share with you." Kalrê's eyes lit up. "Then let us go back, so we can talk in the light, and I will fetch new colour. And you can tell me of their words." "Oh. I... I think it would not do to share them by the fires." She laughed a little, and rubbed her hands over her cheeks, which were growing hot again. Even though the men were probably still in their huts, it would not do to banter them around unconcerned. "Just what kinds of words did they bring? Was it that Tatâ's and Tatjê's son again? He always brings words that make you flutter." Kalrê's lips drew into a pout, and she rocked back, crossing her arms. "Don't be bitter, Kalrê, please? You make me flutter. And it was not him, it was Ruskê who brought them, little Mahtô's mother with the strange hair, and Istâjê." "Well." Kalrê was still pouting, but her heart was not in it. "Now let me hear, what words are they?" She was not yet entirely consoled, Dess knew, but she was not really angry either, because she knew that Tatâ's son wouldn't steal her. Dess leaned closer. "They are private words. There is skelnâ , and it is this." Dess tugged on the braided string. It unravelled easily, and before Kalrê could voice protest, her garment slipped down her body and pooled in her lap. But when Dess' warm hands followed the path of the clothing, cupping what they had not long ago learned were called tiuksû, Kalrê's surprised silence gave way to a breathy hmmm , a sound that she often made, especially when Dess taught her new words, and now that her fingers were busy teasing a tyetsê , that little nub mothers used to feed their babies, it soon gave rise to delighted laughter. "Dess, you are unbeliveable! Distracting me from painting, for your little games!" But although Kalrê was protesting, there was no heart behind it - Dess was learning singing and word-shaping from her father when he emerged from his mind-seekings, but even so she had a talent for finding exactly the right ways, good ways, interesting ways to fill words with life, and if she could not find those, she made songs, finding instead a melody to make the words, sometimes awkward and unwieldy on the tongue, beautiful. Some said that Dess' voice made the branches stir on trees, because it shone like the stars on the water, and that it had even woken some of them, but Dess always shook her head at that and kept her secrets. "Do you see now why we cannot share them openly?" she asked. Kalrê nodded. Dess' warm lips – for all of her was warm, and soft, and inviting – brushed over her ear, and her hands, as soft and gentle as the rest of her, travelled over the muscles of Kalrê's stomach, each line and ripple in the skin, and then beneath the folds of the garment in her lap, her nose in Kalrê's golden hair. "And this, this-" her fingers squirmed and wormed a little further, and Kalrê gasped, arching up, "- this she called sjatsê . Perhaps because it is as a cleft in the mountains Kêmî made, and sometimes it is in those places that the ground is soft, and wet, from hidden springs..." Kalrê was shivering with delight; her voice shook a little,"... perhaps we ought to find Ruskê and Istajê, to thank them. I like it better than the old word. That already has a place, here." Kalrê's fingers touched Dess' lips. "You mean peñû ?" Dess pressed a kiss to her friend's hand, dragging her lips, soft and parted, over her fingers to Kalrê's open palm. "And what do you think, the old word and the new, peñû upon... sjatsê ?" " Dess !" That was something they had never done before. That perhaps they ought not be doing yet, foregoing an announcement. But, Kalrê, laughing, pulled her down onto the forest floor. It was not long before Dess, silver-tongued, golden-voiced, had indeed demonstrated that her idea was nowhere near as strange as it had seemed. Kalrê, sprawling on the pine needles, was giggling her way through the little kisses Dess lavished onto her, but then flung out her hands, one to grasp Dess' head and push it down , the other far enough for her fingertips to drag through the dregs in the bowl of red colour, dig into the earth, and claw there as she bucked and twisted. Dess flicked her tongue into the warm, wet cleft, where Kalrê seemed to like it most, once more. Kalrê, it sounded, swallowed her laughter when other sounds came out instead, little moans, in time with her hips bucking and Dess trying to elicit more: Tiny licks here, soft nibbles there, flicking her tongue just so. And then, breathing heavy, quick, shuddering puffs of air, Kalrê tensed up, relaxed, lay still. There were pine needles in her wild hair and a flush over her cheeks, her neck, and down her chest. Dess, who wiped her lips and moved up, likewise dipped her fingertips carefully into the colour that still remained in the bowl of red. A dab on Kalrê's nose, a stroke each on her cheeks, light as a caress, a line over her neck along the flush shimmering on her skin, and around each of her breasts. Her body was moist with sweat. Kalrê, at yet another intimate touch, cracked open silver-shining eyes. They caught the starlight filtering between the trees. "Dess?" "I am now an artist, too," Dess said, sweetly. "You are my tale. I made all this happen. Even your khôn - that it beats so fast, that was my doing too. Here, this." Dess slipped her hand over where Kalrê's heart was throbbing underneath her skin. "That is the last word they brought." "Hmmm." It seemed she had no objections. "Ingenious, you all are." Kalrê nestled close, her face upon Dess' shoulder while her hand began to stray. "Though I wonder what the watchers think they heard." "Two wendî 's voices," Dess said and grinned. "The rest isn't their business." And it shouldn't be, she thought, when Kalrê showed her just why she had made such movements and noises. A short while later they returned to the hilltop, hands linked. Some of the women chuckled about the flush on Dess' face and the lines on Kalrê's skin disappearing underneath her re-fastened clothing. "See Elî and Kêmî walk among us," someone called. Dess flushed, but she joined in the laughter when Kalrê called out a loud, clear,