Hey guys, HERE IT IS. WHAT YOU HAVE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR... THE SEQUEL TO FIGHT TIL THE END, FREEDOM'S FINALLY OURS! Now, to show your support, please review and tell me what you think of the chapter. The chapters are longer than the ones in Fight Til The End, but they will be possibly updated every week. So, don't hold your breath if i don't update in the first few days of it being up. Love you guys, everlark4ever75 xox Chapter 1 Katniss's POV 'My name is Katniss Mellark. My former name was Katniss Everdeen. I am nineteen years old. I was in the Hunger Games, twice. I was captured and tortured by the Capitol while I was pregnant. I was rescued by District 13 where the father of my child was safe. We were reunited and were finally safe together for the order time in months. Five months after that our baby daughter was born. We moved back to District 12. We were ready to start our lives safe and in peace with President Snow dead, along with Coin.' 'Peeta and I got married months after that and I was captured yet again that night. I met back up with him, only just alive. Months after that, our best friends got married and they are expecting a baby. Our mentor and escort are getting married in a few weeks and they have just found out our escort, Effie has had a fourteen year old daughter. Our little girl had Whooping Cough and had the possibility of dying, but she managed to tough it out and she is now fine. She has a nasty cough still, but she is alive and with us and that's what matters. Our other friends have a little boy and were expecting another before the crash. The crash that destroyed all of our lives.' 'Our best friend died, Finnick Odair, leaving behind his wife and little boy. Also in that crash my mother and sister. My mother made it out, but my little sister died. Little Primrose Everdeen. The new doctor of Panem. No one has got over these deaths and we won't ever. To top things off, I found out that I am two pregnant. I would have been happy about this a few months ago, but now I don't want to raise another child in this world where no one is safe. I can't believe we were so stupid to do so. We wanted the baby, but now I don't. Another child would be good, Peeta is looking forward to it, but I don't feel as though I could at the moment. We have just come from Prim and Finnick's funeral and I can barely stand. I have been in pain for over a month and it's not going to ever subside.' I sit locked in Prim's room in my house across the street from Peeta's and my house. I've been here for the whole time since I was released from the hospital. Peeta begs me to come back to our house, but I don't listen, I just sit with my back against her bed staring into the distance. He tells me to eat and shower, but I just sit here, moaning the death of my sister and one of my best friends. I have nightmares every night. I wake up constantly in the middle of the night with all the nightmares that have slowly seized over time coming back and only myself to calm me down. Without Peeta by my side helping me tackle them, but that was my choice. After the funeral, Peeta begged me to go home with him, but I ignored him and headed to my old house, back into Prim's room. A few hours pass and I just sit here, tears staining my face and wishing I was dead along with them. "Katniss. Katniss open the door." I hear Peeta says as he knocks on the door, trying to get me to open it. I ignore him and continue my state of depression. "Katniss. Open this door or I will." He says. "Peeta, just go away." I answer. It's the first time I have talked in what seems like forever. "I'm not going away." He answers strongly. His strong body comes into contact with the door at an immense force. There is two more hits before the door slams open. Peeta's still in the clothes that he wore to the funeral. "Katniss you need to eat." Peeta starts off. "I'm not hungry." I lie. "Katniss just stop with the lies. I don't even know the last time you ate. Have you forgotten that you are not just eating for yourself? You are eating for our baby too." Peeta says. I don't know why he bothers to tell me all the time. I have figured that out. I'm the one who is throwing up every day because of this baby. "I don't need to be reminded Peeta. I'm aware of that." I say to him angrily. He comes over to me and kneels next to me, placing his hand on my shoulder. "You wanted this baby Katniss. Don't start denying it now. It's done. You're pregnant. You can't do anything about it. We were excited to have this baby and no it seems like you don't even want it." Peeta says sadly. "I don't Peeta. I regret wanting another baby. I can't do it. I can't bring another child into this world where I don't know when something bad is going to happen to it. I can't do this. I am in no state to bring up children. I may as well go and live alone where I don't have someone or something to live for and take care of." I finish. Peeta sits staring at me in astonishment. "You cannot be serious, Katniss." He says. "I am Peeta." I answer weakly. "So the baby that, you wanted so badly, you. You are regretting getting pregnant. Are you serious? If you think that our children are going to be safe in a place like this, you are wrong. No one is safe. We don't know when someone's life is going to end. Just like Prim's and Finnick's. We didn't know that they were going to die the last time we saw them. I'm sorry Katniss, but you need to get over the fact that they are gone. They aren't coming back. It is effecting all of us here, not just you. Have you even thought about Annie? She lost her husband and the father of her child. What about your mother, she lost her daughter. You are just like Haymitch sometime. So self-obsessed that you don't even know what is going on around you." He finishes harshly. I roll my eyes that are yet again filled with tears and I look out the window. "And also, I am not, for the death of me, letting you go. I don't care what you think and want, I am here for you. We vowed to be here for each other and I am keeping that promise. I love you, but you need to stop this madness." He says, with a catch in his throat. He takes his hand from my back and then stand up. "Peeta wait." I say as I grab his hand. He turns around and I pull him down to me. I sit up and then wrap my arms tightly around his neck. I start to cry and shake like a leaf. "I'm sorry Peeta. I really am..." I stutter my words. "It's okay. I'm here. I'm not going anywhere. I'm really sorry about Prim and Finnick, I am but you have to focus on the positives and what's here now. I'm sorry I was harsh, but you needed to hear it okay." He tells me. "I did need to hear it. I'm going to try and stop this. Okay. I'm going to try." I say into his shirt. "I know you will. Because you are a fighter. You're my little fighter. Just like Willow." Peeta says, holding me closer. "I love you Peeta." I say to him. "I know. And I love you." He says. I smile and then pull away to then connect our lips together. When I pull away I rest my head on his fore head and then put my hands on his cheeks, brushing his tears away. He then does the same for me. "Come on baby. I think Johanna and Gale are getting sick of looking after Willow for us." He says pulling us up into a standing position. "Yeah okay." I say brushing my cheeks again and then taking Peeta's hand as we walk to Johanna and Gale's house. Johanna and Gale ask how I am doing and then I say that I am going to try and get back to normal. They seem happy about this and then we talk about things that easily steer clear of Finnick and Prim. We take Willow back home and then settle her back into bed. Ever since she got Whooping Cough, she has been sleeping about twice as much, apparently. It's convenient for Peeta and I because we can talk and all of that. "Katniss, did you really mean what you said about the baby?" Peeta asks me. We sit on the couch, kind of just enjoying each other's longing need for the others company. "I don't know Peeta. At the moment I really am not in the state to have a baby, especially at this moment, but I am going to try and get over this depression like what my mother went into when my father died. I am going to be here for the baby. I promise. So technically I didn't mean what I said. It was kind of just what I felt right then and there. You know what I mean." I say to him. He nods and then gets up in a fast motion and runs into the kitchen. "Peeta, where are you going?" I yell to him. "Don't move okay." He says to me. I don't object, I settle myself back into the couch and close my eyes. I hear his heavy footsteps and I open my eyes to see him standing holding things that he knows I enjoy eating. "You were lying about being hungry. I know how hungry you get when you are pregnant." Peeta says. I smile as he passes me some cheese buns. I take a bite and then let out a moan. "I'm definitely hungry now." I explain. He smiles and sits back down next to me after he places the food on the coffee table and pulling it closer. After I am full of food, I let out a sigh and then kick back into the couch. He smiles and then moves closer to me, placing my legs on top of his lap. His hand crawls up to my stomach and he pulls up my shirt. He places it warmly on my abdomen. "I'm sorry about earlier." I say. Meaning the things I said about me not wanting a baby. "It's alright." He answers. "I do want this baby." I state. "I know. So do I." He explains. We both lean in and our lips capture each other's. They are short and sweet and make me want more. The short, sweet kisses become long and passionate. Peeta repositions himself over me and then starts to pull my shirt up slowly. My arms wrap around his neck, pulling him closer to me. His hands lay on either side of my hips and I push them up to meet his. He lets out a staggered groan which makes me moan in anticipation. Right then there is a knock at the door. I pull back and then groan in anger. "Don't worry about it." Peeta answers, to then start kissing my neck. I let out a sarcastic laugh and push him back. "I am