Warnings = Swearing/Cuss words in some places Parings = Zeus/Sally Jackson (main), Poseidon/Sally Jackson (side/past), Zeus/Hera (established) Disclaimer = I don't own PJ and the Greek Gods are from Greek Myth. I shouldn't be here , he thought, It will cause many problems, arise many issues if anyone ever found out I were doing this. These types of thoughts were the only ones flooding his mind as he made his way to the red chipped door. Imagine what the others would say if they knew I cared genuinely for this woman. The man took a deep breath before knocking on the door, his knocking rapidly tuning to demanding banging. Who cares what the others think? I am their King ! I can do what I like, when I like! The man's electric blue eyes glowing even brighter in his thunderous fury, the lights in the building flickering on an off as fast as blinking while a massive storm was forming in all of New York and not just above Manhattan; the God may be short and easily tempered, but he wasn't an idiot. All of a sudden the door he'd been banging on swung open, revealing an angry young woman with blazing multi-coloured eyes. Her chocolate brown curls flew everywhere and on her lovely face was a scowl that could rival Hades'. She was stunning in her fury. "What on God's green earth d'you think you're doing? Who do you think you are, banging on doors and-" the woman's voice cut off abruptly and her beautiful eyes widened further from shock rather than anger. " Zeus . . . " The name was barely a whisper, more like a last breath or butterfly kiss. " Greetings Sally ," the King of the Gods spoke with slight narrowed eyes, the look of bitter satisfaction clear in his face as he watched Sally's face morph from shock into clear horror. Well she aught be scared, Zeus thought angrily , She should be downright terrified and tremble at my feet for what she has done. Sally stuttered her words for a few seconds, before trying to slam the door shut. Zeus saw that coming and, as fast as lightning, shot out his hand and slammed the door back inside the apartment. If the apartment were in any of the good parts of Manhattan, then the god would have been worried that some pesky mortals would come and interrupt them. But, as the Fates would have it, Sally's apartment was in one of the bad places, so it wasn't unusual for things like this to happen; meaning no one was coming to annoy them. "Where is it?" The king spat, blue eyes glowing dangerously as he scanned the small, dirty apartment and took noticed that Sally's pig of a husband wasn't here. "Thought you could hide it from me? From me ? I'll find it!" Zeus's fury was causing a massive storm outside. "Tell me where it is and maybe I'll be merciful." "Well, I kept him hidden for four years," Sally spat back just as venomously, "And don't you dare threaten my son! I don't care if you are a god, I'll destroy you !" A mocking chuckle passed the kings lips. "I'm not just any god, young lady," The lights were flickering quicker now, some bulbs exploding and causing showers of glass, but Zeus made sure it didn't hurt Sally, he just couldn't do it. No matter how much he talked about it, the god of the sky just couldn't physically hurt her, "I'm the King of the Gods and what I want, I get ." Sally was going red, probably about to swear and use unladylike words to get her point across, which just showed how angry she truly was; Sally never liked swearing. Her perfect mouth opened wide and Zeus readied himself for her insults, ready to throw some of his own towards her. (How could you love my brother? You said it would only ever be me. How could you let Poseidon touch you after everything we shared?) "Mummy?" The unsure voice seemed to echo through the room, even though the word was so small and childlike, and abruptly halted the adult's conversation. Zeus swirled round to face the source of the horrible sound, fixing his angry blue eyes onto a small child with messy black hair, olive skin, and the worst aspect of his appearance; Sea green eyes . The same sea green as Zeus' mother; Rhea had, but Zeus did not inherit that part from the titaness. Zeus never took that eye colour for his form either, because it belonged to his older brother Poseidon. Zeus had never felt so much hate towards the other god than in that moment. Sure, he was beyond mad when he had heard a certain whisper from a trusted source. (The whisper being that Poseidon had taken a beautiful mortal named Sally as a lover a few years passed and had impregnated her). At first, Zeus had thought it was a different Sally, it had to be , it couldn't be the same Sally he had bumped into one rainy day after he'd taken a walk to clear his mind from both his wife's (Hera) and his lover's (Beryl) annoying rambling's. But no, when his source had conjured up the image of Poseidon's former lover it had been the same curly chocolate hair, wide kaleidoscope eyes, small button nose, perfect mouth, high cheek bones and elegant pointed jaw. No, there was no doubt that the oval face belonged to his Sally. The same Sally he'd truly fallen in love with because of her kind open heart, warm smile that showed lovely dimples, the genuine feelings she felt, her slight rebellious streak and adventures nature, and her unique ability to see through the Mist. And yes, at first he had just liked her, just liked to have someone who knew and saw what he really was (to an extant) but didn't push or nag him for anything more like leaving his wife or "make me a goddess, build me a palace on Mount Olympus" like Beryl had demanded countless of times. But over the course of time it had been him (for the first time in a long time) that wanted more from the relationship. Zeus had considered making her a palace on Mount Olympus ("A beautiful palace for my beautiful Queen among mortals") and making her a goddess. Of course, these were only mere fantasies of his kept buried in the deepest parts of his mind, so he wouldn't be stupid and act rashly. Zeus had been worried sick over the thoughts of what horror's Hera would do to Sally if she ever found out. Zeus doesn't exactly remember when it happened (call it shock, denial, whatever) but one day his wife had stormed into the throne room (luckily it had just been him alone and no other gods) and had demanded to know about "his new little slut" and if he'd fathered any bastards with her. She had taken great pleasure in reminding him that, if he had, she would have a council meeting and get the votes in order to "take care of it" – as he'd been the one to initiate the forming of Pact of the Big Three onto his brothers as not to have any more children because of the Great Prophecy. "I have not given her any children," Zeus had said, not at all lying but not telling her that he'd fathered a bastard with another woman a few years earlier. (A grimace formed on his face as he'd thought about leaving Thalia with her awful mother, but what could he do? No matter how much he despised Beryl Grace, she was nothing compared to his wife, if Hera ever found out). Oddly, his statement seemed to calm Hera and a lot of tension was lost in her shoulders. "Good," was a simple mutter before her dark eyes hardened and glared daggers at him. "I swear dear husband of mine, that if you ever see that whore again, I will pay her a personal visit ." A cruel smile formed on Hera's beautiful face and a shiver went through Zeus' body. He recalled what she had done to Semele and didn't want to ever know of what she'd do to his lovely Sally. "How did you find out?" Zeus had demanded, "Who told you?" And why are you letting me know you found out? Why only threaten and not act like you so usually do? His wife naturally ignored the questions, "None of that matters," she lifted her head high and proud like the Queen she was, "Just make sure I don't take a trip down Olympus." Hera had left soon after, leaving Zeus to cry pitiful tears that were unbefitting of a King, of a God . He had hardened his heart towards Sally when he broke things off with her. He had played blind to her tears, ignorant to her pain and the apologies of "have I done or said something wrong?" He could tell he'd crushed her heart when his hurtful lies spilt out and the beautiful spark in her eyes had flickered away slowly until it was gone. (What he didn't know, however, was how that same spark blazed back full with life and bitterness when he'd departed. How she enthusiastically became his brother's lover to somehow get back at him. How happy she was to have a baby that was hers, but so very sad that it wasn't with whom she had wanted it with. How sometimes Sally would imagine those beautiful sea green eyes were a dazzling electric blue.) " Percy ," Sally's voice brought him back to the present and out of his horrible thoughts about the past. "Percy, sweetie, go back to bed honey, mummy's handling this." She tried to smile confidently and reassuringly to the small boy. The young child must have somehow known his mother was actually scared and lying (probably his demigod instincts) and turned his focus onto Zeus instead, "Get away from my mummy," his green eyes seemed to swirl like a stormy ocean, "Get away from her or- or you'll be sorry!" Zeus stared at the boy, Percy , as Sally held her breath in anticipation. Then, quick and deadly as a storm, ran and snatched the young child up and kept him gripped tightly in his big arms. "Don't come any closer," he ordered Sally as she stumbled towards them. Sally instantly halted, her breath stuck in her throat as she worryingly stared at her son with wide eyes. Now that Zeus knew she would do as he said, the god lifted the boy higher and turned Percy around to look at his face and into his eyes, "You were a mistake boy!" He spat, uncaring in the hurt his words undoubtedly caused. "You weren't meant to be born, you're not even meant to be alive !" Zeus fully shouted, causing giant tears and cry's to erupt from the small boy. You weren't meant to be born to Poseidon. You're meant to be my son, my son with Sally, my little boy. You're not supposed to be born because Hera found out about your mother. But if she hadn't . . . oh only if she hadn't. You're not meant to look like my brother; you're supposed to have my strong jaw and my eyes. The words were a rush in his head, like a crazy mantra. Blue eyes, not green, blue never green. Blueblueblue blue . "Zeus!" Sally cried out. Zeus turned, his glare softening as he saw her tears. Slowly, his grip on the child softened until he let go of the scared boy completely. Percy ran to his mum, arms outstretched and basked in the feeling of her closeness and sense of safety. "I'm sorry," the king muttered to Sally. "I just-" his voice broke and Zeus was