A/N: This is a story that's been sitting on my computer for quite a while. It's about three-quarters finished so I'm hoping it will be done by the time my updates have caught up. A few notes: it's definitely AU, some characters will be OOC as a result, and the end game is Edward/Bella. Prologue A few months from now... Death's arms encircle my waist and the heat of his bare skin against my own is almost too hot to handle. "Hold on," he whispers into the shell of my ear. With a sudden tug, the room – with its creamy white walls and cheap furniture – disappears from view as he takes me away from everything and everyone I've ever known. My eyes are squeezed shut by the time we touch ground and the denial of what's happening makes me keep them shut for a few more seconds. What's that saying? If I can't see it then it isn't real? "Bella? You can open your eyes now," he tells me with a soft laugh. I don't want to. Something flutters around my ears and I try to swat it away without my vision. "Come now," he says softly, coaxingly. "You asked for this, remember? Be brave." One eye opens slowly. The other quickly follows when I see what's in front of me. There's absolutely no denying that I'm not on Earth or any mortal plane any more. Not even in my wildest fantasies could I imagine such a heavenly world. I gasp, backing into Death's strong body as he grabs my shoulders to still me. As breathtaking as my surroundings are I can't help but feel some resentment at my situation, which dulls the world's beauty. "I'm going to die here," I whisper sadly. Perhaps I'm already dead. I'm not quite sure how these sort of things are supposed to work. When he doesn't respond I look over to him. "Aren't I, Edward?" Death nods. "You should not have made a deal with me." Present Day Of course it has to be raining on the day of Leah's funeral. The sudden appearance of bad weather means the hundred or so of us have to take shelter inside the warm chapel while we wait for tents to go up at Leah's burial plot. I stand shivering just inside the entrance of the church, trying to make myself invisible to the large, noisy group of guests. There are so many people in such a small space – most of whom I've never seen before. They're mainly young adults in their early to mid-twenties. At twenty-two Leah was only a year older than myself and I suppose it shouldn't come as a surprise that a likeable woman had so many friends other than me and Jacob, but I had selfishly expected – or, perhaps wanted – it to be a small, quiet gathering. Small groups were never as imposing as large ones. My bitterness quickly turns back to sorrow as I watch Leah's younger brother break down over her open casket on the far side of the room, unable to hold back his loud, mournful sobs. They had lost their mother at a young age and when their father, Harry Clearwater, died of a heart attack a few years back Leah had wordlessly stepped up to become the maternal figure to her brother Seth. Now he has no-one. I turn away from the scene to face the church doors, placing a hand on my chest to try to shake the grip of pain in my heart. I never knew grief could be so physically painful. The poets weren't exaggerating when they said mourning feels like a thousand knives through the heart. With one hand up on the church door I'm almost close to having a breakdown when a very muscular, very naked torso bumps into me. With a gasp of surprise I stumble for a second before strong arms surround me. They steady my wobbling form before pulling me into the bare chest without warning. I'm about to offer an apology but the words die in my throat when I recognise the familiar grip. Him. "I regret your pain," the half-naked man murmurs into my hair, his voice a parody of sympathy. I don't believe he even knows what pain or regret is; those emotions are much too human for him to understand. I pull back slightly to get out of his arms without bringing any attention to myself. The man embracing me is no human, or at the very least he isn't a human anybody else can see, and I'd learnt at a very young age that when you try to communicate in public with an entity no-one else can people will write you off with having classic hallucinations. They'll medicate you and keep you out of sight. The nut case. Crazy Isabella. ' I see Death,' I had told my parents at the age of six, a few days after meeting the half-naked man I've come to know as Edward. Thankfully, when I was child he was always fully clothed in an old Victorian-era style of top hats, frock coats, or blouses, rather than parade around shirtless. They'd laughed me off every time I mentioned my new friend, thinking I was simply getting the lines from the movie 'The Sixth Sense' wrong. Eventually, when I refused to stop talking about him , their laughs became frowns and my quirkiness was labelled mild instability. Then severe instability. An imaginary friend isn't so cute when you pretend he kills things. "You shouldn't be here," I whisper harshly, glancing around to make sure no-one would think I'm talking to them. "Look around you. It's because of you that we're all in pain. You're not welcome here, Edward. Not today." His lips pull back into a smirk as he lets me go with an exaggerated flourish. The movement draws my attention to all the white scars across his Adonis-like body, with a particularly nasty looking one trailing down from his shoulder to his elbow. Like a Viking warrior, I think, not for the first time. His thick brows and deep bronzed hair that sits on his broad, muscular shoulders simply complete the image. Death shouldn't be so attractive, he should be a crippled old man with missing eyes and teeth hobbling along with a cane. I shouldn't have to clench my legs together every time I see him. "Bella," he says my name with a breathy sigh, "I think if anyone should be at a funeral it should be me. Really, I should have a special 'guest of honour' seat at every single one – all things considered." My hand begins to spasm lightly as the urge to hit him washes over me simultaneously with the urge to bawl my eyes out. Instead, I close them and settle for doing some breathing exercises I'd learnt as a child. Breathe in, breathe out. And in, and out. It takes a little while, but eventually I calm myself down enough to face the current bane of my existence. He's no longer smirking, his thick brows instead pulled together in concern. "I really do regret these circumstances, Bella. If it helps you, I took your friend before she experienced too much pain." In a macabre way knowing that does help. A little. "Please," I beg, "Just leave and let me mourn in peace. Alone." "No. I wish to be here." He folds his arms and straightens out his neck and back muscles until his entire six-foot-two frame – I measured as a child – is looming over me. If I didn't know better I would think he's trying to intimidate me. I sigh internally knowing he will do as he pleased no matter what I say, especially now that he's set his mind to it. Simply ignoring him might be the easier option, and I don't want to get into an argument at a funeral. "Then if you're going to be here you at least need to dress respectfully," I whisper, gesturing to his bare chest and plain dark trousers, adorned with multiple straps that serve to hold numerous weapons. Weapons he never carries or needs. I must linger too long on his form as his chest puffs out behind his folded arms subtly – unintentionally – and with all the arrogance and pride of a male peacock. "I will remind you that none other can see me. It does not matter what I wear." "I can see you, so yes, it does matter. Please change." "If you insist," Edward says with a solemn nod before he shifts. When I was a teenage girl I was almost jealous at the way he could change into, or conjure up, anything he wanted. The very second a model stepped out onto a runway in the latest Armani he could have it on him, and yet he preferred to remain near nude. He called the things he materialised a simple illusion but I felt the fabrics just fine. A long, black hooded cloak now envelopes him completely, hiding his devilishly handsome face and tall body in its shapeless material. He's clutching a plain, steel scythe in one hand. "This is more suitable, is it not?" I'm sure he intends it to be sarcastic but it is a much more suitable look for Death. For the Grim Reaper. The man who takes souls from dying bodies. I've known him for almost as long as I can remember and while the black cloak gives me some comfort in its ability to hide Edward's nudity, I can't hold back the slight tremble of fear as I peer into the black void of his hood, trying to find his familiar face. It's pitch black. Soulless. "Bella," a croaky voice says from behind me. I jump in surprise before whirling around. It's only Jacob, my boyfriend of eleven months. He's wearing a dark suit that highlights the slightly red discolouration of his face and eyes; an obvious sign he's been crying hard for quite a while. His usually straight black hair is a complete mess. "Hey. You doin' okay? You were staring rather intently at that wall." That wall would've been Edward. "As well as can be expected. I was just thinking." He nods before taking hold of my hand lightly. "We've finished putting the tents up. Do you want to say your goodbyes before we take her? It'll be a closed casket outside, of course." Leah's younger brother is away from her casket, being held by his elderly great-aunt I've only met once in passing. Without a backwards glance to Edward I tug Jacob along with me towards Leah's coffin. It's so much easier to feel confident in the big group with him by my side. When we reach her the first thing I notice, besides her unnatural stillness, is that her once long, dark purple hair is cut short and dyed back to her original black shade. The deep magenta hue had been so strikingly beautiful against her dark skin that she never switched back, keeping it perfectly maintained and styled for over five years. Not that it matters any more, I think before bursting out into uncontrollable sobs. A few others glance my way as Jacob wraps an arm around my shoulder in comfort. He's only a few inches taller than my short five-four height, so I fit well into the crook of his arm. Out of embarrassment or empathy he tries to soothe me with long strokes up my back and soft cooing sounds. It's a similar action one might take when trying to tame a hurt, wild animal. But it works; my sobs begin to ease. Reaching forward from Jacob's embrace I lay my hand on top of Leah's still one, not caring in the slightest if it's against the rules to touch the deceased. Before her death the only differences I would have noticed is the extreme contrast of