A/N & Disclaimer:This is a repost of my first LotR fanfic. This is a Legolas/OFC fic, and takes place beginning just after the Bridge at Khazad-Dum part of Fellowship of the Ring (the movie) and will continue past the end of Return of the King (the movie). You will read many things that you recognize from the movies, and you will see some AU (DUH), though I will try to keep it as close to the movies as I can. I have basically rewritten parts of the movie with an OFC added in. Any similarities you may see with someone else's fanfic is by coincidence only. Obviously, since this is a Legolas/OFC story, it will follow Legolas' journey through the movies, so you won't see a lot of Frodo, Sam and Gollum. I've always felt that disclaimers were ridiculous. Obviously, I don't own anything you recognize. I don't pretend to own anything you recognize. If I did, it wouldn't be "fan" fiction. I enjoy the characters from these books and films, and appreciate the opportunity to be able to "play" with them a little bit. OFC- Dúvainiel, which means "Beautiful Darkness" and "Daughter", so she is the daughter with beautiful darkness (her coloring, not her attitude) And now, may I present for your reading pleasure (I hope), Dúvainiel's Story. - Dúvainiel shifted from her position on the branch. She was restless. Day in and day out, the meticulous guarding of the borders of Lothlorien was getting monotonous. Hours and hours of standing, or sometimes sitting, on the tree branches and doing nothing else but searching the horizon for any signs of movement made Dúvainiel nearly insane with boredom. If only she could read or sing to pass the time. But no, Dúvainiel thought to herself as she reached up and violently yanked a leaf from the branch above her. The tree groaned at her in protest and she muttered an apology. Haldir, the Marchwarden of the elves guarding the northern border, had insisted that full attention must be given to the task at hand. Thinking about it now, Dúvainiel scoffed as she impatiently pushed a strand of dark brown hair out of her face. As if anything exciting ever happened around here that would cause all this fuss. He always put her as far from any action he thought would come. She figured Haldir just did it to annoy her. Isn't that what older brothers did to their baby sisters? She would get him back though- him and her other brothers too, Rumil and Orophin. She just knew the three of them were in on it together. They often were when it came to tormenting the youngest of the clan- her. Just as she was about to tear the leaf to pieces, movement in the corner of her eyes caught her attention. She snapped her head up and looked out at the horizon where she saw eight figures moving toward the woods at a quick pace. She whistled four short times and listened for the response. Once she heard it, she quickly moved down the base of the tree to the forest floor, and hid herself out of site, bow and arrow in hand and ready to use. All that training was at last going to get some use. In only a few minutes she heard the trespassers enter the forest. "Stay close young hobbits! They say there's a great sorceress lives in these woods. An elf-witch of terrible power. All who look upon her fall under her spell…" she heard one of them say, "...and are never seen again" Dúvainiel's eyes narrowed at the words. Surely he was not referring to the Lady of the Golden Wood. Then she realized, Hobbits! In Lothlorien!! Dúvainiel had never seen a Hobbit, but had heard many stories of the small ones. Curiosity got the better of her, and she cautiously peeked around the tree to get a look. They were so little- like children! Just then, one of them stopped, and Dúvainiel jerked back behind the tree. "Mr. Frodo?" a different voice asked. Dúvainiel cautiously peeked around the tree again. She was surprised to see a Dwarf among the group and narrowed her eyes once more. Haldir made a movement to her from up ahead. She nodded slowly, showing she understood. "Well, here is one Dwarf she won't ensnare so easily. I have the eyes of a hawk and the ears of a fox." Just then, Lothlorien elves appeared from around the trees, surrounding the group of intruders with their bows drawn. Dúvainiel had her arrow aimed at an elf in the group. He just as instantly had his aimed at her. She arched an eyebrow at him. "The Dwarf breathes so loud, we could have shot him in the dark," Haldir sneered. Dúvainiel rolled her eyes, both at her brother, and the Dwarf, who growled. Haldir made a motion to the Lothlorien elves, and each put their weapons away. The elf with the other group put his away as well. "The ground is not safe so close to the border. Follow," Haldir said and motioned for them to follow. Dúvainiel fell behind and walked behind the entire group. Her mind was working overtime. Who were these strangers? What were they doing here? Why were the Halflings so far from the Shire? Who were the men that dared enter the elven realm? Finally, they climbed the stairs to a flet and Haldir stopped. Dúvainiel walked over to her brother and stood beside him. "Mae govannen, Legolas Thranduilion ( Welcome Legolas, son of Thranduil )," Haldir said to the elf. She looked at her brother in surprise. How did he know this other elf? "Govannas vîn gwennen le, Haldir o Lórien ( Our Fellowship stands in your debt, Haldir of Lórien )," Legolas replied. Again, Dúvainiel arched an eyebrow at the unfamiliar ellon. Haldir turned his attention to one of the men, one who looked vaguely familiar to Dúvainiel, "A, Aragorn in Dúnedain istannen le ammen. ( Oh, Aragorn of the Dúnedain, you are known to us )." Aragorn. Of course. Dúvainiel grinned at him, remembering the last time he found himself in Lothlorien, when he fell in love with Evenstar. Dúvainiel noticed the pendant hanging around his neck. He made a respectful gesture and slight bow to her brother, and acknowledged him with, "Haldir." The conversation might have gone on, had it not been for the next comment, this time from the Dwarf. "So much for the legendary courtesy of the Elves! Speak words we can all understand!" Haldir glared at the Dwarf, "We have not had dealings with the Dwarves since the Dark Days." "And you know what this Dwarf says to that? Ishkhaqwi ai durugnul! ( I spit upon your grave! )" Dúvainiel felt the hair on the back of her neck stand on end. How dare that Dwarf speak to her brother that way! She was just about to say so when Aragorn interrupted her thoughts. "That was not so courteous." Dúvainiel agreed. In fact, she felt there was much more she could say about the matter. She sniffed disdainfully at the Dwarf and turned her nose upward, just slightly. Haldir, in the meantime, turned his attention to one of the Halflings. "You bring great evil with you," he said, then turned to Aragorn once again, "You can go no further." With that, Haldir turned and walked away. Dúvainiel glanced at the dwarf and sniffed again, and then followed her brother, her nose firmly in the air. They had only made it a few steps, however, when Aragorn brushed past her. "Haldir!" he called out. Haldir turned at look at him. "Boe ammen veriad lîn. Andelu i ven! ( We need your protection. The road is fell !)" "Sa farn palan ( This is far enough )," Haldir replied. "Merin le telim ( I wish we may come with you )." "Amin hiraetha ( I'm sorry )." Dúvainiel could see that Aragorn was getting irritated with her brother. She turned her attention to the rest of the group, only half listening to Aragorn and Haldir as the continued their discussion. "Henio, aníron boe ammen i dulu lîn! ( Please, understand, we need your support !)" Aragorn said as Dúvainiel tuned them out. She'd never seen Halflings before. They reminded her of elven children, except for the sadness in their eyes, and the worry etched in each small face. She saw one Halfling that seemed to be separate from the rest. He had his knees drawn up to his chest, with his arms wrapped around them. Everyone seemed to be looking at him. Then she noticed the other man from the group speaking to him, and she wished that she could hear what he was saying. So far, none of this was making too much sense to her. If she were just a little closer… Haldir stepped in front of her, blocking her view, as he took a step toward the little Halfling that was curled up, "You will follow me." With that, he turned and walked away, not waiting to see if the group followed him. "Haldir," Dúvainiel said, catching up to him. "Later, Little One." Dúvainiel stopped walking and glared at her older brother. How she hated it when he called her that! She wasn't an elfling! Of course, he said it because he knew it made her angry. She sighed, and continued the walk, now just behind the group of outsiders. The odd group walked in silence for a couple of hours, until they climbed a ridge and stopped. "Caras Galadhon," Haldir said, his voice filled with pride, "the heart of Elvendom on earth. Realm of the Lord Celeborn and of Galadriel, Lady of Light." They climbed down the ridge and wound their way around trees and up stairs, elves from all over the realm stopping to watch them as they walked past. They reached the staircase that led to the Lord and Lady, and the elves that had accompanied the group to Caras Galadhon walked away from the group, except for Haldir who led them, and Dúvainiel, who followed at the back of the group. Dúvainiel again took notice of the elves in the other trees and on the forest floor, who were now going out of their way to stop and look at the group. How odd they must have looked, she thought. They reached the top at last. Haldir took his place to the right of the staircase which the Lord and Lady would enter on, and Dúvainiel took her place to the left of the staircase. She looked at each member of the group, resting at last when her eyes met those of the elf, Legolas. He had a nice voice and she wished to hear him speak again. The light in the room brightened considerably, and Dúvainiel looked up to the top of the grand staircase and watched as the Lord and Lady descended. She bowed respectfully. Lord Celeborn was the first to speak, "The Enemy knows you have entered here. What hope you had in secrecy is now gone. Eight there are here, yet nine there were, set out from Rivendell. Tell me, where is Gandalf? For I much desire to speak with him. I can no longer see him from afar." There was a long moment of silence, too long. Dúvainiel felt a knot rise in her stomach. "He has fallen into shadow," Lady Galadriel said, breaking the silence. Dúvainiel gasped as she and Lord Celeborn both looked upon the Lady in disbelief. Legolas confirmed it, "He was taken by both Shadow and Flame- a Balrog of Morgoth. For we went needlessly into the net of Moria." Dúvainiel heard no more. Her eyes filled with tears as she remembered the kind wizard. She looked up at Haldir, who had a sad and serious look on his face. She blinked back the tears, forcing them to stop. Finally, she focused again