Hopefully the title isn't too shitty because I thought of it like two minutes ago as I was writing it. And hopefully the story and summary aren't shitty because I'm a shitty person. Yeah. Also! I'm sorry on how fucking scattered this is. Like… I started writing this… maybe at the beginning of October, right? I write a bit, and I figured: oh, I would write this much, maybe a bit more every day and then all what I would have to do is post it on Halloween. NOPE, I actually forget about it until... get this... October 30, and I've been slaving over my computer all day just typing! Like I open my little story documents (on my computer, not saved to FanFiction) and I see this story and I'm like: "what" so when I click on it, I read the little summary that I always put and I just freak out because HOLY SHIT HALLOWEEN'S TOMORROW HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO DO THIS WHEN I'M GOING TO BE AT SCHOOL, I HAVE TO SHOWER AND THEN I HAVE TO GO TO MY GRANDPA'S HOUSE (or not, I really don't know where I'm going) AND TRICK OR TREAT AND THEN GO TO BED AND WAKE UP IN THE MORNING AND AHHHHHH (and no, I do not wake up in the morning and dab, thank you very much) I'm not happy. This is a day late. Halloween was yesterday. Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or HOO or anything else I mention in here. If I did... I wouldn't be here right now and probably would be rolling around in my own pile of money. Warning: there's cursing and uh... hopefully fluffiness? Rated T because it's me, and there's a bunch of normal teenagers (they're not demigods) in a house. Enjoy! P.S: hopefully clowns don't come after me BECAUSE I'VE HEARD OF THEM AND I DON'T WANT TO DIE OKAY (im alive i know it's a bummer im bummed too) Maybe I'll Insist "But I always say, one's company, two's a crowd, and three's a party." ~Andy Warhol Annabeth "PERCY!" I yell over the loud music and the many, many people dancing and yelling. Percy looks at me and grins, and I motion him to come over here. He squeezes through a pile of girls who are dancing in one large group and makes his way over to me. "Yes, my sweet Annabeth?" I glare at him. "I said, 'a small party'! And... you throw a party with at least a hundred people! AND I ALSO SAID, 'NO PARTY'!" He looks at me and sticks out his lower lip, making that baby seal face he knows I can't say no to. "But, Annabeth! It's Halloween! You also helped me decorate. So… that's your doing. And did you actually think that I would let you be alone on this special day?" he asks me. "Uh, yes?" He laughs and kisses me on the cheek, and whispers that he would make it up to me. I grumble an okay to him and he spins me around. Then he walks away, probably to get another cup of the spiked punch. I sit back down on the couch, and I got back to sipping my apple juice. Nobody knows where I keep my apple juice, because I will probably kill someone if they're drinking my apple juice (Percy has an exception) and I will kill them if they decide to spike it. After all that had happened this morning, Percy still decides to throw a Halloween party. He's an idiot. We spent a lot of money, had an unexpected visit by a clown, and we also got pulled over by the police. Not to mention, we drove away from the police and we had a speed chase. And the worst one of them all, I didn't even want to help him decorate either. But maybe I did enjoy the kisses. Earlier That Day... I was sitting alone, cuddled up in my wonderful blanket while I was reading a book. I wasn't expecting Percy to come inside my house demanding to throw "one of the best Halloween parties of all time". Of course, I simply stated, "No." He groaned. "Oh, why not?!" He gently slammed my door shut and hopped onto the couch with me, and slung an arm around my waist. "It's Halloween, Annabeth! I'm not letting you be alone on one of the best days of the year!" I wriggled out of his grasp so I could grab my bookmark. He whimpered and pulled me back into him, so I just sighed and melted into his touch. "If I want to be alone on 'one of the best Halloween parties of all time', then let me be." I said. Percy started to plant a kiss on my hair then groaned into my hair. "Are you serious? Is it because of the clowns? Don't worry, Annabeth, I will protect you." I giggled and hugged him, saying, "It's not because of the clowns. It's because I don't want to have a lot of people gathered inside my house, probably drinking spiked fruit punch or something. And as we all know, parties with teenagers turn out horribly wrong, the neighbors will call the police, the police will barge into my house and say that the party's over." He got up from the couch and went to my refrigerator. He took my special gallon of apple juice and grabbed two cups, then poured some. Aw, he's so cute and nice! I'm getting too girly. He came back and handed my the cup with much more apple juice and I gladly took it, downing it like I was taking shots. Apple juice tends to leave me in a fuzzy state, mainly because I drink way too much of it, and because the taste it leaves on my mouth begs me for more. Percy smiled as he put his cup down on the coffee table. "We're throwing a Halloween party." I choked on my apple juice as I struggled to swallow it. He ran to my aid and started patting my back, as I was coughing. Once I was finished with my dying, I said, "No, we're not." He smiled again and kissed me. "Yes, we are." He ended up dragging me to my car so we could go last minute Halloween shopping. It was like... three in the morning- why Percy came to my house at three in the morning and demanded that I throw a Halloween party, I didn't know- so I was still tired. The only reason why I agreed to get in the car with him was because he promised to buy me more apple juice on the go. He drove me to McDonald's and got me an extra large cup of apple juice. At first, I received one of those little boxes for the little kids, which I was okay with. I would just finish it in two seconds. Percy looked at it and frowned. So he drove into the parking lot and took my hand (and my apple juice) and pulled me into the fast food restaurant. Now keep this in mind, it still was around 3:05 AM, so everybody that was working that shift was really tired and looked like they didn't give any shits and would probably spit in your food for ordering this late. Percy waited on line with me and started humming a random tune. Once it was his turn to order, he smiled and pointed to my apple juice box. "This is not okay. My girlfriend here (I noticed that he emphasized the word 'girlfriend', that idiot) is like in love with apple juice, so if you could just get me an extra large cup and maybe a gallon of your apple juice and fill the cup up, we would be a happy camper." The cashier frowned. "I... I don't think we're allowed to do that, sir, I'm sorry. But, you could go to the soda fountain and get some lemonade or maybe some Hi-C, or something." Percy looked at me and whispered in my ear, "Is that okay, Wise Girl?" I nodded. Percy looked back at the cashier and nodded, then started to pull out his wallet. The cashier gave him their biggest cup and in return, Percy gave her five dollars. I started to walk to the soda fountain and started to mix lemonade, and the three flavors of Hi-C that they had. Seaweed Brain over here looked at me funny, and I gave him an innocent wink. He blushed hard and patiently waited for me to finish. Once I was finished, I put the lid on the cup and then placed the straw in, and then walked out of McDonald's. "Now we're going to Party City." Percy got in the car and asked for a sip of my creation- which I allowed, I am a great girlfriend- and he made a face. "It tastes... weird. But I like it." He waited for me to buckle up and started to drive off. Party City was like two hours away, at least- or maybe the one that we were driving to. The one near us was already out of stock- I don't know why, Party City is meant for throwing parties, they should never be out of stock- so the closest one that was stocked was so far away. As we- ahem, I mean Percy - was driving, he turned on the radio and started to sing along to whatever they were playing at the moment. I think it was Drake or something, I didn't really care about what song was playing at the moment. I just wanted to go sleep because it was 3:30 AM, I'm still in my pajamas, and I didn't even have time to brush my teeth. My whole little schedule was thrown off because Percy wanted to throw a Halloween party at the last minute. My eyes started to slowly close, but they shot open and I almost flew out of my seat- thank the Lord that I had my seatbelt on- and my lovely boyfriend started to freak out. "An... Annabeth, I think... that's a clown." he stated, his eyes blown wide and he was struggling to put the car in reverse and just leave . I blinked. "I don't see a clown." He groaned loudly at me and undid his seatbelt. He opened the car door and hopped out of the car- I just really couldn't take him seriously when he was in fish slippers and pajamas- and proceeded to walk up to a figure wearing a lovely shade of red wig. Oh. I screamed and motioned Percy to get inside the fucking car, but of course he just smirked. "I told you, there's a clown here." I felt like throwing him off a cliff right now. "THEN GET INSIDE THE CAR!" "Admit that I was right. That's a clown." he said, smiling. "FUCK YOU, PERCY! GET INSIDE THE FUCKING CAR OR ELSE I'M LEAVING YOU HERE WITH THE CLOWN! GO PLAY MONOPOLY WITH IT!" I screamed and started to move into the driver's seat. Percy's eyes went big again and he hesitated, then patted the clown on the head and rushed to the car. The clown looked very confused, like he was literally about to kill us and then probably go shove our dead bodies into the lake, but he got a pat on the head instead. Hooray. "Well... that was a lovely experience. What time is it now?" "3:59." "I spent twenty minutes with a clown?" "Well... you actually spent like five minutes with it, the rest of the time we were driving. You decided to go have a fancy time with Mr. Clown-" He smirked at me. "How do you know it's a he?" I glared at him. "Do you want me to call it Ms. Clown, then?" He laughed and shook his head and motioned me to