Fuck me. Why did I decide to upload this again? Anyway. If you haven't already, go ahead and read A Side of Mushrooms! It has a side of humor, and it was my first Percabeth story and first story in general! If you couldn't tell from the summary, it's the end of the world. In real life, I'm not sure if it's true, but in this story, yeah it's the end of the world. Hate to break it to you. There's an active volcano (although I might get rid of it in the future, I'm not sure yet), there's a sinkhole, and Donald Trump became president. I fucking hate Donald Trump (as stated in my bio) and if he becomes president, it's basically the end of the world for me. I'm moving to Mars. see ya I got the title from the song Forces by Jim Yosef. It's a really great song, it's one of my favorites actually. The other favorites are just basically Melanie Martinez because she's bae Err… the summary is freaking stupid, but I'll tell it because it's part of the plot and yeah… Summary: After hearing that it's the end of the world, Percy decides to leave New York. When he gets onto a random street hours away from his college, he runs into this girl, Annabeth. He's immediately in love with her, and for a moment… it's no longer the end of the world. Until they have to outrun a sinkhole, and possibly a volcano. Then it's the end of the world. Disclaimer: Don't own PJO or HOO, 'cause I'm not a middle aged man, I'm a young girl who likes writing just as much as the next person. I also don't own anything else you recognize like CNN and other things I mention. I also don't own the cover image picture thingy. Just letting you people know. Warning: shit's going down in every chapter and cursing and holy shit this description is just so long Rated High T because there's just so much cursing and gods just so much fluff and heavy kissing throughout the whole story and uncomfortable topics throughout the story once more Enjoy! If We Just Try "It's not the end of the world." ~Anonymous Percy My day started like a normal one. Well, it depends on your definition of normal. You see, the end of the world is happening. Honestly, this was expected. I mean, I wouldn't even be surprised if the sun just fucking exploded. Wait, forget that. I would be surprised. But it wouldn't even matter anyway; we're all going to die because it's the fucking end of the world. Did I mention that already? Like I said, my day was just an ordinary day. I woke up, ate breakfast, and got ready for morning classes. But since I wake up at a deathly hour, I had some time to do... stuff... if you put it at that. I went onto CNN and chaos is happening. They cut to people screaming, running, as asteroids crash into the ground. Then they cut to a scene when a bridge collapses, and then they zoomed in on a car that looked suspiciously like Paul's Prius. Then they zoomed in even more where I could see who was in the car. My mom, Paul, and my baby sister, Alexis. Mom was holding onto Paul's hand, and the car was hanging on the edge of the bridge. The bridge was collapsing, and pretty soon their car fell. Help tried to get them… but it was too late. Their car splashed and started sinking. I felt tears pooling in my eyes, and I let them fall. I looked at the time and I didn't feel like going to classes. Without my mom (and Paul, and Alexis), it was practically the end of the world to me. I was about to turn off the TV, but then the news anchor started talking again. It's the end of the world! People in New York, that mountain that is behind New York University is actually an active volcano! People who live in apartments close to the college, the mountain is close to your building! I suggest that you evacuate immediately if it erupts! They cut to a clip that was behind an apartment building that looked suspiciously like mine. There was a garden chair in the back of my apartment, colored white, may I add. There was a figure in the background window, so I started to slowly walk toward my window, only to see cameras right outside my window. I didn't feel like telling them off today. I just slumped down on the back of my wall. My only family's dead. My real dad died because of a shipwreck, Smelly Gabe- oh fuck him, he's not even considered family - and now Mom, Paul, and Alexis are dead. Fantastic . I decided to run. Running was the only thing that could make me feel better. I could move somewhere. Somewhere where there were no active volcanoes, somewhere that could take away all the pain I was dealing with. I packed a few bags filled with clothes, money, food, water, and a few pairs of shoes. I also packed a portrait of my family, because I already miss them. I stepped outside, breathing in the college air. I started running. The air felt fresh on my face, causing me to smile like a lunatic. My feet felt light when I touched the ground, and pretty soon I was at the college entrance. I jumped over the fence and started running. Other students were looking at me like I was crazy, but haven't they ever seen a person just drop out of college? Why aren't they stopping me? I'm supposed to be chased down by security guards and having the greatest time of my life! Except I'm not. The world is ending, how can I be having a fantastic time of my life? Anyway, I left campus grounds. No more college, no more having to study my ass off because of exams and pop quizzes… I looked back, and I was far away from NYU now. I smiled for the first time in a long time. I didn't know where I ran to, but I knew that I was far away from college. Maybe somewhere in New York, probably. I'm taking a bet that I'm in Brooklyn, anybody want to bet me? My body felt tired since I've been running for miles. Why I would run that many miles when I could just hail a taxi, I didn't know. I could've probably told the driver to take me to Mars, or something. I sat down on a bench and thought about what would happen tomorrow. If there even was a tomorrow. Maybe the news team would say that they were kidding, that it was a harmless prank (harmless? Why would I think that?!) and that I'm a fool for believing it. Man, I wish that would come true. I checked my phone, and I realized that it was getting late. I needed a place to stay so I could sleep. After running for five or six hours straight, I needed a nap. When I stood up, I felt this sharp pain go through my feet, so I figured that my feet were asleep. I stomped on the ground and more stinging occurred, but at least my feet were awake now. "Wake up, feet," I chuckled as I started walking. Surprisingly, the streets were empty- which was a weird surprise, because... this is New York. The city never sleeps!- so I didn't expect to bump into anybody. Except I did. "Hey, watch out where you're going!" A female voice yelled. I scrambled my legs from out of hers- I fell on top of her… and we got tangled into each other- and pushed myself off of her. She cursed something under her breath, but I let it go. "Jeez, lady... I accidentally fall on you, and you decide to curse me out?! I just met you, and you already seem like a dick." I said, wiping the dirt off of my jeans. She glared at me- her eyes looked cool, like it was a gray color... wait, it was gray! That's a really nice color, so unique, a lot better than my eyes- and then she raised an eyebrow at me. "Uh..." I snapped back into reality. "Yes?" I asked. She chuckled. "You were staring at me. You were also drooling. And you also bumped into me." She wiped her hands on her sweater. "I'm Annabeth." She said, holding out one of her hands for me to shake. I shook her hand, which smelled strongly of lemons. I like lemons. I then realized that I had to introduce myself, and that I was still holding her hand. I didn't let go. "Hi, I'm Perseus Jackson, but please call me Percy. I hate being called Perseus..." I mumbled. She grinned widely at me. "Hmm, maybe I'll have to call you Perseus from now on, Perseus." She said. I knew that she was doing that to get on my nerves. "Well then, Anniebeth, I'll just call you Anniebeth from now on." I said. She scowled at me. "You wouldn't do that," she said. I smirked. "Then don't call me Perseus." She hesitated, then nodded. "Okay, Percy. Now can you please let go of my hand?" I blushed a deep red and let go of her hand. She laughed and ruffled my hair. "Are you embarrassed?" She asked. "...it looks cute on you." She said, before turning her head away and started running. "Annabeth!" I yelled. The way her name rolled off my tongue felt amazing. Like I could say 'Annabeth' all day long and not give any fucks about it. I started running after her, but damn, she was fast. I mean, I was a 19 year old guy who can't catch up to whatever her age is girl. Why on earth would she run away anyway? Maybe she knew that it was the end of the world- and it's now nighttime, how come I'm not dead yet?- and she realized that she had to go. Or maybe she's embarrassed that she called me cute. She was fucking cuter than me, with her blonde princess curls and her beautiful and majestic eyes... I'm just over here with hair that I can't comb- it basically looks like a birds nest- and randomly green eyes that are too green. Do I already like her? I heard a faint scream, and I knew that was Annabeth. I don't know how I knew it was her, it was just a gut feeling, okay? I started to run faster, to the point where I felt like I was going to fall on my face, until I reached a figure. It was Annabeth. I rushed towards her, yelling her name again and again. When I finally got close enough to her, tears were streaming down her face. She was cradling herself in a ball-like shape, and was rocking herself on the balls of her feet. It was such a weird position, I have no idea how to describe it. "Annabeth... what's wrong?" I asked. I knelt down next to her, and placed my hand on her back. I realized that she must've been very cold- her sweater wasn't doing shit, her clothed back still felt like I just shoved my hand through a bucket of ice. The best thing I could think of was to try to transfer my body heat so that she could be warm, but I figured that would be kinda weird, since I would have to spoon her or something. So being the great person I was, I kept my hand on her back, and hopefully that kept her warm. She turned her head to me, and she looked broken. She stood up and hugged the living crap out of me, and all