I HAVE A COUPLE OF STORIES I WROTE LONG AGO BUT NEVER FINISHED. I DECIDED TO FINISH THEM AND SEE HOW IT GOES. 1. I was a junior in high school when I first came across a girl named Isabella Stewart. It was a brief encounter, so of course I wouldn't recognize the name Bella Swan years later. To say Isabella Stewart didn't make an impression on me would be lying. I became obsessed with the girl I barely knew. She was put into my advanced science class as a freshman; the only freshman in Port Angeles' history to score high enough on the placement exam to make it into our unique class. She was there exactly one day. The school moved her since she also scored unbelievably high on her English placement exam and that class was only offered once during the day. I remember when she walked into my class for that single day. She looked terribly nervous. Her entire body trembled and when she was asked to take a seat next to me she refused to make eye contact. It gave me the opportunity to study her. The clothes she wore were a bit outdated, but they were ironed to perfection. She looked clean but there was a sort of musty smell underneath the childish perfume she was wearing. I specifically noticed her shoes. Usually people would wear new shoes on their first day at a new school. Bella had on old shoes that obviously were a bit too large for her. During class, she took meticulous notes, many times adding to something the teacher failed to mention. I finally let curiosity get the better of me and leaned over to ask, "Have you taken this class before?" She jumped a little as if she was unaware someone had been sitting next to her the entire time. Her eyes grew large and she quickly shook her head back and forth. "You just seem to know the material really well," I added, trying to give her a comforting smile. "I read a book about it," she said nervously, and looked as if she had been caught stealing something. "You read a book about molecular symbiosis?" I laughed. At that moment, Mr. Banner noticed I was distracting what was certain to become his prized pupil so he walked toward our side of the room as he continued his lecture. That was my one and only conversation with this mysterious girl. After being moved from my class, she only lasted another week at the school. One day, some official looking people walked into the cafeteria and asked to speak to Isabella. She left with them and we never saw her again. It was all the buzz around school. Rumors began to swirl quickly, but since my mother worked for the state as a psychiatrist, Alice and I got the most information. Isabella was four when her mother left Arizona and began her trek toward Washington State. It took them three years to make it to Port Angeles. Cheryl Stewart was a bit of a con artist. She also married many times without ever taking the time to get a divorce before moving on to a new man. She swindled men for money and never took her responsibility as a parent seriously. Isabella's father was a married man Cheryl had an affair with in Arizona. He died in a car accident so Cheryl sued his estate for a large sum of money. She was finally rewarded and purchased a house close to her brother, Charlie, who was a cop in Forks, Washington. Cheryl settled in Port Angeles but never let her brother or sister-in-law know of her whereabouts or the fact she even had a child. They were clueless to Isabella's existence. Isabella was never sent to school. And, her mother was notorious for running off for days and sometimes weeks. It didn't seem odd to the girl when at the age of twelve her mother simply stopped showing up at all. Isabella continued to live the life she had become accustomed to. She signed her mother's name to checks and made her weekly trip to the public library to check out books. The librarian was the only person in town who seemed to realize Isabella existed. She was told the girl was home schooled and assumed an over attentive mother was behind all the curious titles Isabella checked out. Nobody knew the child was living alone and doing the best she could to be self-taught. Inside, Isabella longed for the ability to go to school. When she finally gathered the courage to forge the proper documents and take placement tests, she was fifteen years old. I had some of the best tutors my physician parents could afford and this prodigy had learned everything on her own. It only fascinated me more. My mother never knew what happened to Isabella. Her only involvement was to evaluate the girl for emotional stability after a couple of hunters found the remains of a woman in the woods who turned out to be Cheryl Stewart. When authorities found out about the poor child living alone right in their midst they wanted to make sure she was not damaged beyond repair. My mother heard Isabella went to live with relatives, but she had no idea with whom or where that happened to be. If she really knew, she made sure not to tell me or Alice. My life continued to move forward. I graduated from high school a year after Alice and we both ended up in law school after attending our parent's alma mater in Chicago, Illinois. Alice rarely practiced after marrying Jasper Whitlock, a biographer. Her interests were more in line with fashion but she kept her license up to date. I decided to work my ass off as a public defender. I wanted to build a legacy of public service before heading into politics. The state's attorney general was grooming me to someday, in the distant future, run for governor. It wasn't time for me to settle down yet, I needed a front-page case to propel me into the minds of the constituents before any talk of marriage would come up. Plus, I was exhausted from all the cases I willingly took on. I showed up to work early one drizzly Washington morning to find a huge file folder on my desk. It said, 'The State of Washington vs. Bella Swan.' The sheer size of the file had me concerned. I opened it immediately to see it was a capital murder case. As I browsed through the text, I vaguely remembered hearing about a big case on the Indian Reservation. My boss, Aro, stuck his head into the room and said, "This is it, kid. This is the one we've been waiting for." "Why the change of venue?" I asked, as I continued skimming the notes. "It was the only thing her lawyer was able to do right. The press is ready to gas her right now. If you can pull this off, you will be up there with O.J. Simpson's lawyers." As a public defender, I knew it wasn't only the innocent who deserved aggressive representation. Everyone deserved to be proven guilty and defended properly. "Did she do it?" I asked casually. "She says 'no'," Aro replied. I came to the crime scene photos and couldn't keep myself from exclaiming aloud. "Holy shit." Aro chuckled and added, "He must have done something to someone to deserve that. The victim is Jacob Black. He was a pretty big deal politically. A big hitter in Washington for Native American rights." "Yeah, I heard of him," I said, but didn't admit it was only slightly and nothing concrete. "His live-in girlfriend is accused of the murder. She's been sitting in the reservation jail until last week. Her lawyer managed to get a change of venue and then retired." Aro laughed and then added, "I think all the death threats encouraged him to retire." My first reaction was to assume this woman must be a professional weightlifter to manage what I was looking at in the pictures. The scene was brutal and very savage. I picked up the phone to call the previous lawyer until Aro pointed out it was only 6:00 am. I decided to work through the documents instead and settled on the woman's statement. She had been home the entire week of the slaying, never leaving once. By her description of their relationship they were a perfect couple. I could tell she obviously loved him by the way she gushed about all his virtues. But I had also practiced law long enough to know there are always things left unsaid about every relationship. The murder was committed in the garage which was separated from the house by fifty feet. His body was found four days after the killing, inside his pickup truck, by a childhood friend. Bella stated she thought he was out of town and hadn't gone into the garage to see his vehicle was still there. I immediately wondered about the smell and looked at the date to see if it was summer or winter. It happened in August, three years prior. I glanced at the police report to see no weapon was found capable of gutting the man from neck to pelvis, or any clothing of Bella's containing Jacob's blood. In fact, all the evidence against Bella was strictly circumstantial. I jumped up from my desk and headed straight to Aro's office. My mind was already spinning with legal moves I was going to make. I would immediately move for a bail hearing. Then I would file a summary judgment of not guilty. The state had to have more than this to keep her behind bars. Just as I reached Aro's door, I saw something in the file that made my stomach drop. I stopped in my tracks and lost all thoughts of getting any motions filed. The prosecutor was Laurent Boris. He was ruthless in his approach and had most sitting judges terrified of him. Aro saw me standing outside his office with a disappointed expression and called out to me. "So, you found out who you're up against." I nodded and swallowed deeply before saying, "This is going to be a bitch of a case. I was thinking of calling for a bail hearing." "Check the judicial rotation first and try to get Judge Hale. She's the best we can hope for in this situation." The thought of Judge Hale being my best hope left me hopeless. Rosalie Hale was a man hater. She was too pretty for her own good and the black robe she wore just drove men crazier with wonder about what her body must look like. She wasn't one to be impressed by Laurent's antics, but she could easily tire of him and give in like other justices did. I've had a few heated discussions with her in my time, especially when I made the mistake of asking her on a date. She verbally castrated me and demanded to know why I ever thought she would spend a moment in my presence outside of a courtroom. I tried to retaliate with a line about a 'pity date' but she was much too beautiful to fall for that crap. I must admit it did spur my political ambitions that much more. I hoped to someday be the Governor and would refuse to give her the time of day. With my luck, she would be married to the President of the United States by that time. I went back to my office and began coming up with a strategic plan. As I worked through the file, details about Bella's history began to sound familiar. When I read she was originally Isabella Stewart and her name had been changed by her uncle, my mouth went dry. I was going to defend the young woman I had