The Stars Align Something was up today, I could feel it. You know that weird feeling in the pit of your stomach that lets you know this day will be different somehow? Stars were aligning, or some cosmic eye was set on me, something big was coming. I was a freshman in college and loving life on my own terms. I talked my father out of making me live in the dorms, by convincing him it was merely a party den and I would be much more responsible out on my own. I really had no social life due to taking 18 credits. College was kicking my butt and I spent all my free time studying. I knew a few kids here from Forks, but most of my friends went out of state to school. "Ms. Swan, can I have a word with you?" My professor asked. I instantly tensed. My art appreciation class had over three hundred students in the large auditorium sized classroom. I wasn't aware Professor Banner knew my name and the thought of her singling me out made me very nervous. "Yes," I said shyly, and approached her desk. I was trying to think of any assignment I may have forgotten or any time I was obviously not paying attention. I was the kind of student who worried about things like that. "Are you employed?" She asked getting right to the point. I shook my head in the negative. I was totally confused and not sure what business it was of hers what I did outside of class. "Would you be interested in working as a model for a local artist?" "Model," I snorted. Just the thought of my ordinary features considered model quality was funny. Professor Banner finally stopped rustling her papers and looked up at me. "My husband runs an art gallery in Seattle and he has a client, a local artist, looking for a specific type of model. I have sent students to him before and he pays very well." "He wants someone like me?" I sounded less than convinced. I was average in every sense of the word and I didn't like her pointing it out. She picked up a slip of paper and read from it, "Chestnut hair, chocolate eyes, porcelain skin, and natural without makeup." She lowered her glasses and looked at me closely. "Sounds pretty much like you, Ms. Swan." "What would I have to do?" I asked, worried about trying to master Botticelli poses. "You show up, shut up, and get paid. That's it." I nodded hesitantly and she handed me a card. "Take a cab and he will pay for it. Make sure you show up on time; be there at 4:00 sharp. He is a temperamental man." I took the card and headed out the door. I felt uneasy about going somewhere alone without actually knowing the person, but if my professor had sent other students surely it couldn't be dangerous. It sounded too good to be true and my father had warned me about scams like this. My cell phone rang and I looked at the ID. I kept getting messages from this number for someone named Alice. I answered in frustration. "There is no Alice at this number, please stop calling." " I'm sorry to bother you," a beautiful voice came from the other end. "Can I verify the number to see if I am dialing incorrectly, or if I have the wrong number?" "Sure, and I didn't mean to sound so rude," I apologized. He repeated the number and I assured him he was dialing correctly, he just had the incorrect number. He laughed lightly and it sounded like music to my ears. "You have a great laugh," I said before thinking. I was not the flirtatious type but something about his voice held me captive. " Thank you, and you have a beautiful voice, may I ask your name." "Um…Bella," I said, not sure if I should give him my real name. I figured he only had my cell number and couldn't actually find me since it was in my father's name. " A beautiful name ," he stated softly. "Are you going to tell me your name?" I asked, surprising myself with my own forwardness. I figured since I gave him my name he owed me his…especially after calling so many times. He stalled and I could tell it was something he really didn't want me to know. He finally said, " Masen, my name is Masen." "Is that a first or a last name?" I pushed. " Both," he said with finality. "Like Madonna or Sting?" " Exactly," he laughed again, sending my heart pounding. "Well, Masen, since Alice isn't taking your calls is there anything I can do for you?" " You are too generous, I can't impose; I will have to wait until my sister calls me to get her correct number." Sister, he said sister and my heart swelled. This was the most bizarre thing to ever happen to me. I answered a wrong number and took a sudden interest in a stranger who was unwilling to give me his full name. Maybe it was just the intrigue I was falling for. My life was so predictable that anything out of the ordinary would seem fascinating. "Well, if you ever feel like talking, just give me a ring," I said coyly. " I think I will take you up on that, Bella. It was a pleasure talking with you." "Thank you, have a good day, Masen." I couldn't concentrate on school the remainder of the morning and kept trying to imagine what the man with the beautiful voice would look like. I kept myself busy during the afternoon looking at laptops in the computer center on campus. If this modeling job panned out, I might actually have enough money to get a new laptop. By 3:30, I hailed a cab and gave him the address. We began driving out of the city. I was really worried when it was 4:10 and we had not arrived at our destination. I was considering going back home, but I did not have enough money to pay the driver. The next thing I knew we pulled up to an old iron gate. The gate slowly opened to reveal a massive house. It looked like we had stepped back in time. The large marble home was covered in elegant sculptures and facades. We pulled into the circular driveway and I was met by a beautiful blond woman. She was tall and statuesque with perfect features. I smiled at her but she did not return the gesture. She was scary and very intimidating and I was finding it difficult to swallow. "You're late," she said directly. "I'm sorry I didn't….." "Never mind, come with me." She turned and began walking quickly away. I had to jog to catch up with her. When we reached a large wooden door, which looked gothic and frightening, she opened it with ease and nodded for me to enter. She led me down a narrow hallway and motioned to an open door. I walked into a room filled with art work. Canvases were lying around the room and sculptures in various stages of completion filled the center. I walked around slowly, looking at all the paintings on the wall. I jumped in fright when a voice came over an intercom. It was distorted and sounded electronic. "I don't appreciate losing time due to tardiness." I looked around to see where the voice was coming from and finally answered loudly. "I didn't know you lived so far from the city. I will leave earlier next time." "Next time? You assume too much," he said harshly. I was embarrassed and felt like a child being scolded. I began playing with my fingers and didn't know what to say. His voice came back over the speaker. "Which painting do you like the most and why?" I felt my hands begin to shake. I wasn't sure if he wanted a critique of the different styles of artwork, or just my opinion of what I liked. I looked around the room and finally walked to a picture of a woman looking out a window. You could only see the back of her and she was dressed in a simple see-through gown, with a hand holding onto the curtains. "I like this one," I said softly. It was silent for a moment, and then the voice came back. "And why?" "I like how much emotion is in the painting." I reached up and ran my finger slowly along the line of the curtain in the woman's hand. "She is so sad." I waited a long time before he finally spoke again. "Why do you think she is sad, you can't see her face?" "Because he is leaving," I said softly. "She sees him and she has to hold onto the curtains for strength. Her heart is breaking." Again, there was a long pause. "Ms. Swan, stand on the platform in the middle of the room, please." I walked over and stood awkwardly where he directed. "Take your hair down, please." I pulled the ponytail holder out and tried to fix my hair with my fingers. "Stop fidgeting, please." I stood perfectly still and felt my face turning red. He was embarrassing me but also making me grow angry. "Is there some reason you should feel embarrassed? I haven't asked you to remove any clothing." I took a deep breath. "Is that something you will be asking?" "Do you see any nude paintings, Ms. Swan?" "No, but some of the statues…." "I didn't request a model for a sculpture, did I?" I finally just shut my mouth and waited for more instruction. I was seething on the inside and wanted nothing more than to be out of here. It was quiet for a good five minutes before a hidden door at the side of the room opened and I was instructed to go inside. I saw a small staged area with a couch, violin, and a beautiful gown lying on the couch. Bright lights came from the back of the room right into my eyes, blinding me. I could only see the outline of a painting easel and possibly someone standing behind it, but the lights were too bright to know for sure. The blond woman stepped forward and showed me where to change into the gown. As I reached for it I felt her fingers and gasped at how cold they were. She only gave me a hateful stare and I lowered my eyes from hers. When I returned she pointed to the couch and instructed me on how to lie down. She handed me the violin and positioned it in my arms before saying, "Don't move unless you ask permission." I felt stupid and demeaned. I didn't care how much this paid; it was not worth feeling this badly. I hoped the time would pass quickly. I could hear the scratching of someone drawing on the easel and I let my mind wander back to my mystery phone guy. I was trying to decide if I had the nerve to ask him out, or how I could find some way to meet him. For all I knew he was married or in his fifties. It was fun to fantasize though. Right when I became aware of my arm beginning to cramp, the woman returned and told me I was free to dress, and she would have a cab waiting for me. I put on my clothes and made my way back to the gallery room when he spoke over the speaker again. "Are you free for most of the day Saturday? I would pay you three thousand dollars for the entire day." I almost choked on my own tongue. This suddenly wasn't such a bad gig. "That's an awful lot of money," I