Chapter 1: Fighting the sun and meet the Crew Sean POV "You touch my daughter and I will kill you." Apollo said as he drew his sword and pointed it at me. "Really Apollo you're messing with a son of insanity." I said drawing my rapiers accepting his challenge I charged forward faking down but slashed up. He growled at me before charging me which I sidestepped and stabbed him in the leg. "Fighting with anger can lower accuracy but raise strength." I said to him as I dodged again. He growled at me and said "How are you so wise and you barely ever read." I laughed as I dodged again "Because I learn in a different way." I put my rapier away and began to fight with C.Q.C. or as mortals know it Close Combat but CQC includes disarming that's about the only difference. Once Apollo was disarmed I grabbed one of my rapiers and put both blades to his throat and said "Yield." He nodded and I retracted the blades and said "Let's this long time rivalry begin." I said as I walked towards the edge of the tree. "If you have to know you will never but if you already know then all you need is to ask." I then jumped off the tree and opened a portal to the underworld. TWO WEEKS LATER "Ready" said the starter, I revved up letting her know I was. "Ready" The opponent revved up letting her know she was ready. "GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" We took off. When we were through the first turn I had drifted through it and then punched it. I could feel my car start to resist third gear so I switched to second and began driving the way I was taught. Like I stole it. I took my car and pushed it to its limits then I felt it, my engine was going my car was smoking and we were so close to the finish so I switched to third and rushed forward. I crossed the line and my cars decided then the blow the motor. I got out of my car and opened the hood to see that someone had sabotaged my car. I closed the hood and sat on it waiting for the other racer to cross the finish line. When she got there she stepped out of the car and said "How did you do that I sabotaged your car and everything how did you beat me." I looked at her and said "Because you didn't count for my experience or that I would have a from doing this for a long time." She growled then said "But I pulled your third gear out of alignment and even made your car explode if you went to fifth." I laughed and said "Because there is nothing in this world that would make me use fifth gear and third gear slows my car down you knocking it out of alignment made it faster." She put her head down in shame and said an apology. I walked up to her and said "You listen here there is nothing to be sorry about you know who my mother is and I heal quickly at night so there is nothing to be sorry for." She then hugged me and began to cry into my chest. "Listen what's your name." She stopped crying and looked up at me and said "May Maka daughter of Hecate." `I nodded and said "Listen I am going to need you in the next year or two so race as much as possible and if you ever need a place to stay call me up." she nodded and I called up my friend Axel and said "Yo brother I need a tow sending you my coordinates." "No prob and good to hear from you Sean I will see you there." I hung up and said "Everyone here needs to scatter the cops were called and are on their way." I said as I heard my radio go off about illegal street racing in the downtown area. "You heard him everyone get going so that none of us get hurt." They all drove away except for me and May who said "If you need I can give a ride." I nodded and said "Axel is on his way to pick up my beauty so I guess I need a ride." I hopped into her car and said "Take me to the abandoned garage on fifth street that is my warehouse." She nodded and began to drive. I sent Axel a text letting him know I wasn't going to be there upon pick up and that I had the keys. "So when did you start racing." May asked as she turned a corner heading toward the Garage. "About the time I was kicked out of camp, I didn't have a way to fuel my anger so I began building a car and from there I became a sort of number one contender for racing." May nodded and said "I saw a race back when I had been kicked out of camp for sabotage of a weapon that I didn't do, I saw a scarlet red car that everyone said was the scarlet challenge. I drew inspiration from that and began to build myself a Red dodge challenger but it was stolen the day I completed it so now I am stuck driving a Toyota Supra whose parts are hard to find." She said as we pulled up to the garage. I opened the door and said "Let me guess and you are saving up money to get a warehouse." She nodded and I said "Come on in I am guessing you don't have a place to live because your father disowned you being a child of a witch." She looked at me and said "How'd you know." "Well I have met a few children of Hecate in my lifetime and they have all been kicked out of their himes for that very reason." She nodded and said "Hey are you making a crew because I will join if you need people." I thought about it and said "Yeah I am building a crew and I do except you so welcome to team revenge." She nodded and hugged me. "Welcome to the family May." I opened the garage and she pulled in. "You have a lot of cars like way too many to all be yours." As she drove down the allies of cars. She was about to turn to an empty rack (Think about the garage set up in fast and the furious Tokyo Drift when Bow wow and the one kid go and get the Hulk car.) She saw a crimson red Dodge challenger and said "Is that the scarlet Challenge." I looked at it and said "Yep I was the original Scarlet Challenge but became the nights reaper when this one was destroyed in a race." She nodded and pulled up to a empty spot and the machine pulled the car us get out of it. I lead may to the back and said "This is the crew house which is connected to the main garage." She nodded and said "So where will I be sleeping." "In my room for now until I can build and extension for a crew." She nodded and I lead her to my room. "If you need anything I will be in the living room." She nodded as she looked at the almost empty room. There was a bed and a desk with blueprints on it for my car. "Why is your room so empty." I thought about it and said "Because Apollo said no." I said so she couldn't hear "I haven't lived here too long so I haven't had time to get furniture in here." She nodded accepting my lie. "Hey I am going to make some dinner you want some." She shook her head and said "I am going to bed I have school in the morning don't you." I followed her previous actions and said "I was kicked out of school for being really hard to teach." May looked at me and said "You are coming with me to school tomorrow and getting enrolled." I nodded not wanting to argue with her. I went out to the living room and began to make some Ramen when my phone rang. I picked it and said "Hello." Entire conversation. Sean: Hello ?: Hello is this Sean Malachi Sean: Yes. ?: Meet me at the park. Conversation ends I turned off the stove and dumped out the noodles made them up and brought them with me. I grabbed my Camaro keys and went out. I walked over to the main floor where there was a black Camaro but then rethought it and put the Camaro keys back it the cabinet and grabbed my Skyline keys and got it out of the storage. When the machine spat it out I hopped into the driver seat and drove to the park. Were I saw a hooded figure. The figure was small in stature and had a really slender body. She had a quiver full of arrows over her shoulder as well as a bow I pulled up next to her and said "You know when a person fights your father you're supposed to stay away from them not call them and invite them to the park." Then it started to rain. "Well you don't always fall in love with your dad's attacker." She walked over to my car and said "They kicked me out of camp for killing a fellow camper but the weapon used I don't own and I can't use it." I nodded and said "Get in your car and you can hang low at my house." She nodded and hopped in her car and started it up. "Follow me and stay close I never know when they will send the Pegasus to hunt for you so you need to stay close to me because Pegasus hate me." She nodded and I pulled away with her not so far away. When we got to my house I opened the garage and we pulled inside. We pulled up to the back wall and I stepped out of my car. "Mizuki I need you to pull up to the wall in front of my car and step out of the car." I said . She nodded and I pulled my car away and had her pull up. When she stepped out of the car the Machine went to work lifting it up two the second level and into a storage wall. She looked at me and I said "I have an elite storage system for all my cars that has magic to make more room for cars. That lift was just made to start a second level of the warehouse and possible the house, which more rooms for the crew." I said as she opened her mouth but closed it afterward this let me know she understood but was in shock. "So why aren't you at camp." She asked and then I said "Well fighting your dad made the gods deny me entrance so I have lived on my own for about three years now street racing to pay the bills as well as working as a repairman to make extra money." She nodded and said "You know the guy that owns this place is a son of Morpheus." I nodded and said "He knows my mother and so he's giving me 75% off for this place because who wants a child of insanity to work for them." She nodded and I said "Come on let's go inside I have some Ramen so I will make some." she followed me up to the main apartment where we began to eat Remon and talk like we did three years ago before I fought Apollo. I showed her to a room in the