Welcome readers old and new. Let us shed some light over the Dark Days. What could have possibly happened during those times, to make the Hunger Games the key to peace in Panem? o~~~°¤°~~~o The Capitol "Atilius, I want Sergeant Ney in my office at five," Captain Evadne Achlys said. "Colonel Grandeye has ordered for ten hovercrafts to repatriate our civilians from Twelve, Four and Seven. Check in with logistics for the schedules, and begin anticipating other repatriations." The Captain let none of her emotions show, but the repatriation order had come as a shock. Curiosity could have her stripped of her of her uniform. For long minutes, Achlys stared at the door Atilius had closed behind him. The small ordered office suddenly felt cold. Not once in sixty years had Capitol-born civilians been repatriated. Not once had Achlys read a report, or even heard a blasted rumor , suggesting the situation was so dire. She couldn't pretend this was just routine. Achlys slid her service hat on her short graying hair and left the Homeguard's Headquarters, her rhythmic military strides creating a path among the early-morning bustle, as people instinctively let her through. Eight Homeguard stood to attention as she marched into the large transit station. "I am looking for recent transfers from Districts Twelve, Four or Seven." "There's a squad from District Four by Track 9, Captain." It was not their place to ask questions. They snapped back to work the moment Achlys looked away from their Sergeant. Her stern gray eyes fell on the eleven men and women performing a routine check on a seafood cargo before the workers would begin unloading. "Captain," the young peacekeeper Sergeant said, his gaze dropping to his feet as soon as he caught his unprofessional staring. "We have found inconsistencies in peacekeeper reports," Captain Achlys said, amused by the fear the words sparked in the District Two boy. "I require first-hand information. Start by what you reported, I will ask from there." She'd promised to lunch with her husband and her brother, and only because of that did she let the sweating boy after an hour of questioning. Had she been less seasoned, she would have gaped at the peacekeepers' tales, or accused them of lying. ' Unrest' . Ha! Sabotage and crime against peacekeepers had soared. The criminals had firearms . Those weapons came from District Thirteen. Why were there no repatriation orders relating to Thirteen? Achlys' throat was dry and her mind spinning with all the questions that would have to be asked. Thirteen had special status, of partnership with the Capitol rather than subservience. They had their own police. Had they become traitors? The sense of urgency and creeping danger would not leave as she stepped into the white-and-gold elevator lifting her up on the Capitol's highest glass tower. Around her men and women in smart clothes gathered, cheerfully oblivious, soon joined by the mouthwatering but delicate smells of the city's greatest restaurants. Evadne Achlys took a deep breath, willing her attention on the present, and the two handsome men who smiled upon seeing her come out of the elevator. Her twin, Gabriel, pressed a loud kiss on her cheek and slid his arm around her shoulders. He always overdid the familiarity when she was in uniform. It humanized her, supposedly. "Another day without wares and everyone swearing I'll get the fabrics tomorrow." Even when his patience wore thin, Gabriel's smile was more lighthearted than hers had never been. "What's up with Eight, Eva?" Evadne's jaw tensed. District Eight too? "I'm not privy to that information," she said in clipped tones. "No work, not now," Lucius chided. Her husband's expression melted into pure happiness as he sat down. "We live in the most beautiful city in the world. Let us allow ourselves to enjoy it." The Districts' Delights was an ingenious construct of wood and stone nestled on the twentieth floor and topmost floor. It held thirteen rooms boasting the District's trades in a sprawl of romanticized luxury, and each room had a wall of glass which offered a breathtaking view of the city below. Sixty-seven towers, Crystal Park's stunning suspended garden, the avant-garde Red Fortress where mutts were invented and bred... Forty-thousand houses, from the lavish new constructs to salvaged districts of old Denver, and dozens of cranes singing civilisation's triumph over the Cataclysm that had almost ended humanity a century before. Evadne removed her jacket and tried to forget about President Santiago and his secrets, and the threat of war looming over her city. "I must go," she said two hours later, relishing in the relaxed atmosphere as she slipped back into full uniform. "Don't forego coffee on my account." "Let me escort you to the door," Lucius said. Evadne gave her husband an amused smile. "I like to make sure people know you're my wife," he whispered with a wink, slipping his arm in hers. The first scream and a shadow at the corner of their eyes, were their only warnings. Evadne spun back towards the bay window and blanched. It was gray and heavy and fast . A hovercraft flying straight at them. She shoved Lucius out of the restaurant's entrance, deeper in the building. "Stay here!" Someone painfully collided her as she ran back to their table, battling against her screaming instincts as the black mass of deadly metal grew bigger, and bigger, and bigger . "Gabriel!" He wasn't moving! "Gabriel, get back!" Years of ingrained training took control at the last moment and instead of forward, Captain Achlys rolled to the side, taking shelter, when the glass exploded. Wind blasted inside, stealing away the screams. She couldn't breathe. On the floor, her face in her arms, she barely felt the piece of wall crashing into her leg. She pushed herself up in the debris, the taste of blood in her mouth. A burning, shattered table at the edge of the window-that-now-wasn't tumbled over, diving into the street far below. Evadne's eyes glazed over the remains of the family next to their table. Gabriel. Something grabbed her. Her arm snaked around the grasp and she shoved her assailant against the broken wall before belatedly recognizing those panic-filled blue eyes. Lucius . They had to go. So many running people. She finally registered the blaring alarms. Evadne Achlys pushed her husband away. She couldn't be the soldier while he was touching her. She straightened her uniform, her hands slick with blood, and grabbed a grandmother who was hysterically banging on the elevator doors, a shocked young boy at her side. "Stairs, everyone, OUT!" Seconds later, the two top floors of the building collapsed under their own weight. Gabriel . What was the last thing she'd told him? Fury choked her, and clawed at her insides. Unrest . She was Captain of the Homeguard and they'd decided she needn't know. "I must go," she hoarsely said. "They'll want us all there. Go home, Lucius." The Capitol was not safe anymore. "I love you," she whispered, and a rare thing it was to hear her say it. Where her husband found the strength for that smile, she couldn't fathom. Captain Achlys was clean and stony-faced for her 5pm meeting. She didn't wait for Sergeant Ney. She went straight to his office, the deep cut in her bruised leg sharpening her resolve with every painful step. That pain was good. That pain she could deal with. The broad man blanched when he saw her. He was reporting to her for lax supervision and whispers of corruption. He was Major Graysmoke's protégé and Captain Achlys knew she'd been expected to give him a stern talking to, and a second chance. Was he one of those responsible for the gaping hole in the city's security? One of many rotten cogs, too self-absorbed to understand how it could matter, to not do one's job perfectly. "Sergeant, we should have a quick chat before we head together to the emergency session." If she'd waited just one minute before leaving, if she'd been close enough to drag Gabriel out - She would fix every breach in security down. She would not, ever again, be left in the dark. o~~~°¤°~~~o Sun Village, District Eleven Virgil frowned when the light bulb didn't turn on. People used to make those more durable back in his day . No matter, he had enough light to garden. Ceba's merry tweet greeted him as he walked into the garden. Like every morning, the red panda-mutt crawled over him and gently searched his pockets, finally finding her morning meal. Virgil ran his calloused hands through his girl's thick fur. Nothing put a smile on his face quicker. CRACK! The pruning shears fell out of Virgil's gnarled fingers and clattered to the ground. Gunshot? The old man crouched, his hands flying protectively to his head. He whistled softly. Ceba came running. "Silent, girl. Very silent now." It must be some stupid peacekeeper kid. CRACK ! Ears screaming, Virgil half-crawled, half-rushed inside, Ceba tucked under his arm. His fist flew to his mouth when he saw the impact on Mrs. White's house. He let Ceba scamper off to the bedroom and hastily went to grab Big Hickey. It was time to dust his old friend off. "Listen up, Cappies!" Not peacekeeper, not with that pitch. A long whistle sliced his ears. "Cozy houses." It was the same threatening man's voice. "Much prettier than ours. Cappies don't belong on Eleven soil." There was a man, men , with firearms marching on their homes. Where were the peacekeepers? Virgil's hands tightened over his hunting rifle. His and Big Hickey's forays in the wilderness beyond the wall were decades past, but he'd won the Capitol's best marksman award time and again. His fingers and eyes hadn't forgotten. He raised Big Hickey just above the open window, and waited for broad shoulders to appear just beyond the garden he'd hoped to care for until his dying day. He'd never had a greater ambition: an orchard of his own in Eleven. Retiring, gardening, far away from the Capitol's hustle and its self-important people. His little paradise. One of the beasts was facing Mrs. White's house. Virgil could see her son, a good lad, not yet twenty, staring in horror at the barrel pointed straight at him. Not on his watch. BLAST! The fat bullet ripped through the air, and through the man's jaw, taking his down surer than a kick in the head. Yup, Virgil still had it. The new silence didn't belong in Sun Village. Slowly, the dead man's blood was absorbed by the sandy soil, leaving ugly, obscene stains. Virgil's heart punched his ribs with every frantic beat. They'd had no trouble with the locals before. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! He froze when he counted five men, burly, fearsome types. They grabbed their fallen, their eyes wide and searching, their weapons high. Big Hickey slipped to the floor. Virgil couldn't kill five men. What was this? Where were the peacekeepers! "If you want to leave the Village and go back to your Capitol, we'll let you through," one bellowed. "Two people get to leave for every head we're brought. You've got it easy killing us, time we stopping being the ones who paid." Virgil couldn't believe his ears. He scrambled for the phone when he was sure the men had left. No signal . They had gotten to the transmitter. How- Ceba whined. "Everybody said it was safe," he muttered mechanically. He'd killed a man. Big Hickey had never been meant for people . He was a murderer. "This isn't just crime, this is… organized. The peacekeepers should... They'll send a hovercraft to get us out, Virgil." Mrs. White managed a small brave smile. She'd dragged Virgil out his house and into hers. She'd given him a slice of cake he was still staring at. As if he'd fixed her pipes instead of killed a man. A father maybe. "They'll take us home," she promised.