Disclaimer: All characters, places, objects, concepts etc. that you recognise from the Lord of the Rings universe belong to J.R.R. Tolkien or to their respective copyright owners. This story is not meant to offend anyone and I do not make any money with it. Author's Note: It's been quite some time since I posted my last story, hasn't it? Well, here is one of the reasons for this long break. I had envisioned a light-hearted, romantic story, not too long, not too short, something of a palate cleanser if you will, while I thought of ideas for my next big project. But alas, I severely underestimated the subject matter or maybe gained a new perspective on it while writing and thus, this transitional project turned out not quite so easy-peasy after all... Warnings: Extremely dubious consent, sexual content. 1. A Truth Universally Acknowledged "It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife." - Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice The newly crowned King of the Rohirrim, Éomer, Éomund's son, swung lightly from his horse, the White Tree of Gondor at his back as he strode towards his first official meeting with King Elessar of Gondor. The last time he had been here, the smell of battle had hung in the air, smoke and blood and the faint echoes of terrified screams. Éowyn had been a pale ghost wandering through the halls, lost in despair and grief. He smiled as he thought of his sister now, glowing with happiness and love in the arms of a man who understood and respected her strong spirit. "Éomer!" Aragorn's greeting jolted him from his thoughts as the other king quickly approached him and clasped his arms. "It is good to see you again, my friend!" "Likewise," Éomer replied, surprised to find the hall empty when he had expected to find Aragorn surrounded by his advisors and guards. "It has been too long." "Still, there is always enough time for hospitality and the renewal of our friendship before we discuss matters of state," Aragorn answered, leading him to the table that had been set up with all manners of food and drink. "Sit down, have a drink and something to eat and tell me how you have fared." "Thank you," Éomer answered, accepting the goblet of watered down wine Aragorn handed him. "It has been a long ride indeed, though I admit I was glad for the opportunity." They exchanged smiles of understanding, both men accustomed to wide open spaces and the solitude of the wild now forced into stuffy halls, social gatherings and political manoeuvrings. "I am lucky to have Arwen and Faramir to help me," Aragorn offered and Éomer detected some strange emphasis in his words that he couldn't parse. "Without Arwen's soothing influence and Faramir's keen understanding of politics and his tireless efforts to smooth the transition, I fear Gondor would be clamouring to have their stewards back." "I am sure you are exaggerating," Éomer replied. "The people of Gondor love their king and from what I have heard the last Ruling Steward of Gondor made rather a miserable if lasting impression." A shadow flitted over Aragorn's handsome face, like the younger king had touched upon something painful. "I would thank you not to bring this subject up with Faramir. He carries enough hurts without being reminded of his father's last actions." Éomer inclined his head, not sure he wanted to know exactly what Aragorn was referring to. It didn't matter in any case; it had been a thoughtless comment, and he was not so tactless as to repeat such words to the man's son. The easy camaraderie they had forged on the battlefield carried them through the meal as they talked about other things: the rebuilding efforts in their respective kingdoms, the patrols along their borders, hosting elvish in-laws and Éowyn's impromptu wedding. "I am glad she found her happiness," Aragorn said softly. "So am I. I just wished he had waited until after their marriage to sweep her quite so thoroughly off her feet," Éomer grumbled good-naturedly. "Now everything has to be arranged post-haste before it becomes apparent that she is with child." "Leofric gave her hope when all she saw was darkness," Aragorn offered. "I would not begrudge them for sharing their love freely." "I don't," Éomer assured him. "And in any case, my sister does not need me to defend her honour and Leofric may be a simple rider from the Eastfold, but he fought bravely during the war and has shown Éowyn nothing but kindness and love. It is true that I would not have picked him as her husband, but then Éowyn has always been keen when it came to looking into the hearts of people." Aragorn topped up his goblet. "And what about you? Is there someone you would pick for yourself?" "I do not see any fated romance in my near future." Éomer laughed softly. "I can barely keep up with all my kingly duties – I would have no time for the duties of a husband on top of that." "But having a wife would help, don't you think?" Aragorn suggested mildly, rising from his chair and indicating that they should take a postprandial stroll. "I spent the few weeks until Arwen's arrival hiding from potential devotees and self-proclaimed matchmakers. I was informed, repeatedly, that an unwed king was simply unfeasable." "I have heard that as well," Éomer admitted, thinking of all the aspiring wives he had had to turn away, all the men that had tried to casually bring up the good qualities of their daughters, sisters or nieces. "But even if… I cannot follow my heart anymore, Aragorn, who ever I decide to marry has to be… strategic. Good for my kingdom, not just for me. If I pick one, I am bound to offend ten others and their respective families and houses. It is easier to do a bit of hiding." Aragorn inclined his head. "What if you were to choose someone from another kingdom?" Éomer swivelled around to fix the other man through narrowed eyes as it dawned on him where Aragorn was heading with this. "I was told you wanted to discuss the Oath of Eorl. Clearly that is not all you had in mind." "I admit I was hoping to strengthen the alliance between our kingdoms even further." Aragorn rubbed the back of his neck as if embarrassed. "Sauron is defeated, for good as we hope, but there is no telling what foes and hardships the future will bring. Nor can we predict if those who come after us will have the same rapport and the same understanding of the need to help each other as we do. The Oath of Eorl was all but forgotten when it was needed most; who is to say that whatever agreement we reach in the coming days will be remembered when the time comes?" "Who did you have in mind?" Éomer sighed, the wind tugging his long blond hair as they stepped out onto the spur of rock that divided the city's levels in two. It wasn't that he found the idea absurd or even surprising, but while his uncle had often talked about Éowyn or Théodred finding a suitable and strategically valuable match, such discussions had never moved to involve him. He had never aspired to be anything more than he was, Third Marshal of the Riddermark, respected by his peers, loyal to his king. He had never expected to be king or to be faced with such choices. "Prince Imrahil's daughter Lothíriel is of an age to be wed, beautiful to look upon and of a noble line," Aragorn suggested mildly, while they looked out on his city and his kingdom. Éomer sighed again, bowing his head between his bent elbows. "I have met her briefly." "You could spend some time with her while you are in Gondor, and maybe you will grow fond of her. This need not be only a political arrangement." Éomer clenched his hands around the stone banister, grit his teeth against the desire to shout out his frustrations. "I may be able to grow fond of her, but I will never love her as a husband loves his wife, never desire her as a man desires a woman." Aragorn hummed, not surprised just thoughtful. It still irked the young King of Rohan. "Do not tell me you have not heard the rumours! I have never made a secret of my desires, nor have I been discreet in my escapades." "I did not mean to upset you, my friend." Aragorn rested a supporting hand on his back. Éomer took a few deep breaths, letting Aragorn's touch and the cool breeze sooth his temper. "Is this what it means to be king? Having to sacrifice my own happiness and that of an innocent woman for some abstract construct of peace?" "Sometimes I think so," Aragorn replied, huffing out a quiet, mirthless laugh. "But in this case, I believe we can find a better solution. How would you feel about marrying a man?" Éomer craned his head to the side, looking at the older man with open scepticism. "A man?" "Faramir, to be exact," Aragorn replied, unconcerned. "It's not unheard of for two people of the same sex to bond in this way. I admit it is rarer in royal families because of the issue of heirs, but given that Éowyn is already with child that seems less of a concern in your case." "Faramir." Éomer wondered how quickly he has been reduced to echoing single words, even as he realised that this had been Aragorn's plan all along. Aragorn nodded jovially, raining praise on Faramir like he was a flower dying of thirst. Éomer listened with half an ear as he tried to wrap his head around Aragorn's proposal. He didn't really know Faramir, having met him only a few times - whenever Rohan had had dealings with Gondor in the past, Denethor had sent his older son. But he had always got along well with Boromir with his easy laugh and boisterous nature, admired the older man for his skill with the sword and self-assured demeanour. And he had been handsome, broad-shouldered and well-muscled, with hair darker than his own. He could imagine marrying Faramir if he was anything like that. He bit back a smirk, reminding himself that he could not base such an important decision on personal preferences, not while the fate of Rohan rested on his shoulders. A suitable marriage would indeed strengthen the alliance between Rohan and Gondor, secure the peace for generations to come. And Faramir, it was easy to see, was held in high esteem by King Elessar, even if Gondor had no more need of stewards. And while he had never worried about heirs before, Aragorn was right that Éowyn's children would easily fill that role. "What is Faramir's opinion on this?" Éomer asked, possibly interrupting Aragorn's laudatio mid-sentence. "I believe you had best ask him that yourself," Aragorn answered, not visibly thrown or put out by the interruption. "I admit I want what is best for my kingdom – but I also want what is best for you and Faramir. If you do not feel comfortable with the idea, our kingdoms will prosper even without a marriage." "Fine by me," Éomer replied, his mind still racing with possibilities. "And I would not want to buy a pig in a poke." He ignored Aragorn's scowl at his choice of words, laughing softly. "Where can I find my prospective husband, do you know?" "Faramir has been helping to get your men situated," Aragorn replied after a short pause. "Near the stables on the Sixth Level there is an inn returning rangers like to frequent." "Then that is where I shall be heading," Éomer answered, already turning away. "We can continue our discussion on the morrow,