Disclaimer: The Twilight Saga and all respective characters, names and related details are the property of Stephenie Meyer, Little Brown publishers and Summit Entertainment. I'm the one responsible for the rest of this crap. Warning: Let's start this off with a "bang", shall we? Approx: 12 Pages/ 5,967 Words Chapter 1: Humbling Tree limbs scratched at my face as I chased after her – my lungs burning with the exertion. Her hair fanned out after her as she ran, flipping back and forth each time she'd dare to glance behind her to judge how close I was. Each time she'd catch my eye, her eyes would open wider in fright and I'd smile, loving the advantage I had over her. She'd lean against a tree to gain leverage and push forward excitedly. She was so petite – her feet landed between the roots of the forest so much better than mine did, and she flitted just beneath the lower hanging branches without any trouble. But, she was no athlete, and my prey lacked the same agility and prowess that was powering me behind her. Somehow, my large feet hit the forest floor more quietly – my long legs pushed me farther faster, quickly making up for her advantages. As I gained on her, I pivoted slightly right, abandoning my chase and running a parallel course alongside her so that I could take her in: just watching the way her little body moved; study the concentration and exertion on her face. I lagged a little – the cat watching the mouse with eager fascination. Once I pounced on her, I was going to devour her whole; there would be no way she could fight my hands off of her luscious body. The nearest people were over 100 feet away, separated by thick woods and the sounds of a radio at full blast. The chase had only increased my appetite, my adrenaline and testosterone spiked so that my libido was at an all time high. My groin was slowly thickening at the thought of taking her, drawing our foreplay to a close. Her doe eyes sought me out once more – a smile playing across her lips when she realized I was no longer on her tail. I stilled beside a tree, wanting to keep the element of surprise on my side, but it was too late – her mouth formed into a little "o" shape when she caught my movement - and I absorbed the delicious moment of panic that chased across her features before she spun on her heal to turn the opposite direction. However, my grace-challenged prey caught her toe on the root of a large tree, tripping her up so that she squealed as she flopped unceremoniously onto the forest floor. I leapt into action, craving the finale to the chase. But, moments before I could pounce, she was back up on her feet and darting away from me. A flash of red alerted me to the fact that her hand was injured but, she took off before I could catch her. Her moxie surprised me, tripping me up as she maneuvered around a rather large tree. One moment she was there and the next, she was gone. I righted myself, staring around the quiet forest, searching for some trace of where she could have gone. She was close…I could feel her nearness in my veins – taste her on my tongue. My groin swelled just a little more at the thought. I steadied myself, listening for her racing breath, goosebumps racing up my spine as I imagined that same sweet breath racing over my skin… I needed to find her now. I needed her now. I readjusted myself and focused back on the chase, something drawing my attention to the right. I watched as she peeked around a huge fir tree, hugging closely to it as she sought me out. Her hair was a riot; her cheeks flushed from the exertion. Beautiful. Radiant. Breathtaking. Her hand reached around the massive tree trunk, the flash of blood on her palm catching my eye, and I snarled as I sprung into action – pinning her to the tree as she screamed. "So, you're not afraid of me, huh?" I asked, my lips easing into a cocky smile that I couldn't really help. "Damn! I thought I'd lost you!" She laughed, slapping ineffectively at my chest. "Never." I shook my head, leaning in to kiss her sweetly on the tip of her nose. "Now, what did you do to your hand? I can't believe you kept running after you took that fall – by that point, I was just trying to catch up to you and make sure you were okay." "Aw, I was fine after I tripped. But, I did get a splinter in my hand-" I stepped back, bringing her hand up between us so that I could inspect the damage. The splinter in the center of her tiny palm was about an inch long – the blood leaving a trail down one of her fingers. "Bella…why in the world-" "Cuz I'm stubborn. And, I've always been a klutz, and that's no reason to just let you win." I cocked my head to the side and stared at her incredulously, making it clear that I thought it was a perfectly good reason to forfeit. "I'll live, Edward." I knelt down in front of her to allow more sunlight in between us and so that I could more closely inspect her hand. It was obvious that she thought I was being overprotective, but she smiled at me anyway and it felt sincere. I cleared the flecks of dirt and debris away, careful to wipe them out and away from the wound. As far as splinters go, this was a rather large one. It wasn't the tiny fleck of wood you need a safety pin to exhume, but it wasn't going to require stitches either. Satisfied that her hand was as clean as I could get it, given the situation, I pinched my nails carefully around the other end and pulled the wood out. She winced and I applied pressure to the entry site, knowing that would ease the pain a bit. "Let me have your bandana." I asked, nodding towards the fabric she had modeled into a makeshift headband while we were on the ATV's earlier. "Edward, I don't need-" I looked up at her intensely with an expression that stopped any further argument. She removed the headband, her hair cascading down around her face and shoulders as my body urgently reminded me that it had other pressing needs. I shook my head, focused on taking care of her first and tying the bandana around her hand. I looked back at her palm, turning it this way and that way in the rays of the sun, inspecting it thoroughly to ensure that there was nothing else left behind. It grew increasingly hard to concentrate as the fingers of her other hand dove into the thickness of my hair, massaging my scalp. It took all of my strength not to start purring like some abandoned housecat, but her touch sent my libido racing – rational thought and gentle love could no longer keep it tamed. I brought her injured hand up to my lips, once again looking up at her from beneath my lashes because I loved the reaction that always got from her. Sure enough, she bit her lip, her body arching towards me instinctually, exactly as I knew it would, and my dick stiffened entirely, the length unbearably tight, confined within my shorts. I welcomed the discomfort, though, because it kept me a little more clearheaded. I didn't want to ravage her like some animal, taking only what I wanted. She was far too beautiful and wild when she was being loved properly…it was worth the wait to watch her squirm and moan and come undone around me. Waiting for her…making her wet and ready for me…it was the sweetest kind of torture I had ever had the pleasure to experience. Still on my knees, I released her hand and slipped my fingers around the back of her bare knees, slowly coaxing my way up her soft, tight thighs and onto her hips as I continued staring up at her. Under the intensity of her gaze, my chest grew heavy, making it difficult to breathe. My fingertips eased up under the hem of her shirt, grazing against the soft, perfect skin of her sides and back. The flat plane of her belly peeked out beneath her shirt as I raised it higher and my mouth literally watered with desire. I leaned forward, her skin erupting in goosebumps as my breath grazed the waistline of her denim shorts. I paused there – inhaling that sweet strawberry and cream scent – simply driving her crazy with anticipation. She rubbed her thighs together anxiously, her back arching, as she whimpered with need. The sound went straight to my cock and I leaned my forehead lightly against her, struggling to keep a cap on my own raging desires. She trembled, leaning back against the tree as her fingers tightened their grip on my hair. My tongue peeked out, tracing along the waist band of her shorts, drawing out the teasing as long as possible. The warm summer breeze blew against my heated face as I kissed the sensitive skin just above her belly button and then peppered kisses to the side before nipping at her hip bone. Her hips instinctively thrust forward in response, and I growled low in my throat as my dick strained against my shorts. I wanted to drive her crazy, but I wasn't sure how much longer I'd be able to hold out. My fingertips raced over her skin as they met in the middle and began fumbling with the button on her shorts. I watched as her eyes shot open, her hands stilling mine as her eyes darted around the forest nervously. I kissed her fingers softly and brushed my stubbled cheek across her knuckles before looking up into her eyes with a fiery intention that I knew she couldn't deny. She stared down at me, seeming to recall something as she calmed and released me – both of her hands diving into my hair, coaxing me on. I slipped the button through the hole and slowly slipped down her zipper – my hands trembling with anticipation. With her shorts loose, I tugged them slowly down with one hand as my other hand raced up under her shirt, my fingertips easing the cup of her bikini top down until her hardened nipple slipped free. I rolled it a little gruffly between my fingertips as she gasped at the sensation, arching harder into my palm. I used the distraction to pull her pants farther off of her hips, my fingers reaching inside and slipping immediately between her clenched thighs. I rubbed a finger over her engulfed clit as she pushed against me eagerly. "That's right…move for me Bella." I coaxed as I slipped a finger deep inside of her. She moaned, bending her knees slightly to slip further down my digit, her sex clenching deliciously tight around my finger. Her slick tightness translated immediately to my dick as I found my hips undulating instinctively, aching to be inside of her. "Damn, you feel so good babe." I confessed, my voice reduced to gravel as I struggled to maintain control. I turned my hand so that two of my fingers could stroke her on the inside while my thumb continued to stroke her on the out, quickly reducing her to a thrusting, quivering mass of unintelligible noises. Meanwhile, my other hand continued the assault on her breasts, loving the small weight of them - every once in a while rolling her nipple almost painfully between my fingertips and watching her go completely weak in the knees. Her body was