HELL HATH NO WRATH: A TRUE STORY "Girl, he's cheating on you." Rosalie had warned. "Bella…there's just something not right with that boy." My dad had speculated. And I countered with every gullible, innocent, naive response that ever existed. "It's not like that." "You just don't know him." "I think it's sweet that he dedicates a couple of hours every night to have dinner with his mother. They're not very close and he just wants to bond with her." "It's just game night with the guys. Didn't you tell me it's important for couples to maintain separate interests?" I was understanding of his unemployment; wasn't the news reporting how bleak the job market was? It made sense that I had to drive everywhere – with no income, how could he afford gas or maintenance for his car? And of course, I never once complained about paying for dinner, or video games, or the movies, or any of the other places we went or things we did. Why should I when I knew he would do the same for me if he could? And of course, I never once considered complaining about being intimate. It wasn't his fault! How terrible is it to be an insulin dependent diabetic? To know that the disease is affecting your blood flow to the point that you can't maintain an erection…let alone even establish one. It took all of his concentration to achieve orgasm, so once we became intimate, I never bothered to interrupt him by asking that he pleasure me and I knew better than to ever expect penetration from him. Instead, I bought him toys to satisfy his desire for anal penetration. I talked dirty to him; verbally painting pictures of the fantasy he had to be with me and another girl at the same time. And I touched him in all the ways he asked me to be touched. I admit that – after a while – I came to think of him as some sort of combination lock. There were times when his instructions were so complex and confusing that it reminded me of patting my head, rubbing my belly, chewing bubble gum and reciting Macbeth at the same time. But I never told him that. I had never felt sexy or desired before and, truth be told, it was just nice to be wanted…to know that I could turn him on. It gave me this rush of power to watch him climax, to know that I was the one responsible for it. Despite all of this, I had to admit that there were a couple of little things that upset me. I didn't like the way he insisted that I keep hand sanitizer in my purse for him, or the way he would admonish me when I forgot to replace a bottle that he had already finished. I did wish that we could play more of the games I wanted to play whenever we went to the arcade and, I didn't think it was too much to ask that my boyfriend might want to win a big stuffed teddy bear for me. It was such a simple thing, but it reminded me of all the romantic movies when a girl gets to carry the prize her boyfriend won for her. Instead, James hoarded the tickets in the hopes that he might one day earn himself an X-Box. He never once offered or asked, simply assumed that they were all his for the taking. Then there was the fact that – for four months – he had evaded meeting my family or friends. This probably bothered me the most but, I tried to see it from his perspective and assumed he was probably embarrassed and just wanted to wait till he had found another job. But, in the long run, they were minute issues and I was sure that every girlfriend had at least one or two things about her boyfriend that drove her crazy, so it was easy enough to overlook. I could see why Charlie and the girls were suspicious. They were terrific people – but they often had a hard time seeing the positive that I saw in people. They were more suspicious; quicker to assume the worst. Although I could see why they had developed these traits, I wholeheartedly refused to let life's experiences make me jaded. Being an optimist was one of the qualities I most loved about myself, and I wasn't about to let that change. But even an optimist would get suspicious at the phone calls he was suddenly ignoring when we were together, or the text messages he would giggle at, then hide. He said they were from his mother, but I couldn't believe it…his mother was simply not that overbearing or funny. And so, I felt a little tiny crack develop in my effervescent positivity…a little crack of doubt that I could no longer ignore. ~X~X~X~ Her name was Tonya, and she was everything he told me he found attractive in a girl. She was an old friend back from my days in Phoenix, and she looked absolutely nothing like me. We had lost touch ages ago, but her Facebook pictures were still available, so I borrowed a couple for my alter ego to use on her dating profile. Finding James's dating profile was easy; he had not disabled it or changed it at all in the four months since we met. I messaged him under the user name "Geek_Girl", and the two of "them" hit it off splendidly. Of course, it helped that I had learned a lot about his likes and dislikes while catering to his every want as his girlfriend. James was ecstatic to find out that the beautiful "Tonya" loved RPG games, just like he did, and arguing with her that Marvel was better than DC Comics just seemed to turn him on. "Tonya" typed very differently than I had in my messages. Whereas I had always worked to be well spoken and use proper grammar and punctuation, "Tonya" was more into shortcuts. She often called him "QT"…shorthand for cutie. He liked that. Within a week, "Tonya" agreed to meet James at 7:00 – the time he had always made unavailable to me because it was reserved for bonding with his mother over dinner. They set the date for one week later at a Denny's that was "right around the corner" from "Tonya's" job. They say that you should never incur the wrath of a good girl. I don't know who "they" are….but they know what they're talking about. My positivity had dwindled down to one very, very important thing; I was positive that James was going to regret the day he had ever cheated on me. And I had seven days to see it through. ~X~X~X~ The Wednesday that James was supposed to finally meet Tonya, I took him on a lovely afternoon date. It was important to me that I give him every chance to save himself before I dropped the hammer later that night. Before I picked him up, I sent him a message from Tonya's account asking him if we were still going to meet when I got out of work. James confirmed and then kept me waiting in my car an extra ten minutes as he continued to flirt with her. He received "Tonya's" last response as he sat down in my passenger seat. He told me it was his mom, telling me "Hi". Our first stop was our favorite arcade. I had always let him keep the plastic card that kept track of our tokens and tickets, but I had different plans for it. "Oh, Babe? I'm coming to a kid's birthday party here this weekend. Want to come?" Of course, his answer was no. I pouted believably. "Okay, but I want to try to earn more tickets for your x-box. May I hold onto the card?" I asked on our way back out to my car. He agreed…but only for the weekend. He wanted it back on Monday to make sure I wouldn't lose his tickets. Next, I treated him to dinner at the Outback and – when he requested the hand sanitizer, I surprised him with his very own bottle that he could keep in his pocket! I admit, it was a bit childish, but I repressed my smile as he squeezed the bottle of my spit onto his hand, rubbing it generously between his palms and around each and every finger. He used so much of it before and after lunch that he told me I'd have to buy him more soon. That wasn't going to be a problem. Our last stop for the day was back at his place, where I was expected to perform quietly enough in his bedroom that his mother wouldn't hear us across the hall. Once he joined me in the bedroom, I postponed our intimacy by simply talking and cuddling. "I think I might be falling for you." I whispered. "Me too." He agreed. I sat up, looking into his eyes intently. "No. I mean…like…I think I love you. I want us to be exclusively boyfriend and girlfriend." I challenged. "I thought we have been exclusive." He replied, looking confused. "Well, I wasn't sure. I went online to reread our old messages and I noticed you still have your dating profile up." I pouted. "Oh. I just keep it up because I have a couple of friends on the dating site, but I don't use it." He lied. "Why…have you been seeing other people?" He asked, as if he was worried. "No." I admitted. "But…if you wanted to see other people…you'd tell me, right?" He nodded. "So, you're really okay with it being just you and me?" He nodded again and smiled. I told him that his hands still smelled like the ribs he ate for lunch and asked him if he would go wash them before we became intimate. He thought it was strange but – being the germaphobe that he is, he didn't hesitate to comply. As he shut his bathroom door, I swiped the unopened Marvel t-shirt I had given him for his birthday and slipped it into my purse, thankful that oversized handbags were currently in fashion. He'd never notice. When he rejoined me in the room, I was filled with an anger and loathing unlike anything I had ever experienced. What I was about to do was incredibly out of character for me…and I was looking forward to each and every minute. We kissed and touched and fondled…slowly working him up into a frenzy, but I refused to touch his limp cock or to tease his ass the way he had become accustomed to expect. Instead, I asked him to go down on me. It was the first and only time I would make any requests of him in the span of our relationship…and I quickly came to realize I had not been missing anything. He was so turned on that he didn't think twice about my request. In fact, he almost seemed turned on by my brazen desire. Yet, what he lacked in blood flow to his dick he also lacked in oral skill. He couldn't please a woman if his life depended on it. Yet, I moaned and groaned and swiveled my hips as if I was getting the ride of my life. "Fuck me, James. Please! I want you so badly!" I begged. I'll give him this much – the man tried. He limply rubbed up against my groin, his hips thrusting frantically as soft skin met mine with gentle taps. "Pleeeease, James! Can't you fuck me? I need to feel you inside me!" I coaxed. "I'm trying!" He sounded so close to tears as he huffed and puffed in my ear that I nearly broke into hysterics. "Don't you want to fuck me, baby? Don't you want to give me that big, hard cock?"