Harry Potter and the Will O' The Wisp It had been just over a year since Dudley Dursley had seen his cousin, though it wasn't for lack of trying on his end. From the moment the Dursleys had been told that the war was over and they could return home Dudley had been trying to reach out to Harry. Every night for weeks when he was sure his parents were asleep he'd try something else. He'd already tried calling out to the owls in the back garden, clutching his letter in his hand but none of them would go near the large boy as he danced about wildly trying to get their attention. One night he'd built a fire, in what was now a functioning fire place, and shouted Harry's name into it for the better part of an hour. And as recently as August 1st he'd gone to King's Cross, ran straight at the barrier between platforms 9 and 10, was mercifully halted by an odd looking woman in a cerulean blue top hat, and had his memory of the whole thing before being put in a cab. Dudley took a deep breath as he stood at the kitchen door. There was nothing else for it. He had to talk to his mother. As he walked in he found her happily cleaning the top of the refrigerator. His father would be working late tonight, which he was grateful for. She beamed at his entrance. "Can I get you anything Diddykins? A snack to take out to the telly?" Dudley waved her off. "No thanks, Mum. I just…I just wanted to talk to you- to ask you something." His mother's smile stayed fixed on her face (Likely because she couldn't imagine what her darling son was about to ask her) as she climbed down to sit at the gleaming table. "Mum I..," he tried to jump right into it but the words got stuck on the way out. Like a car spinning its wheels in the mud. He could walk away right now and they'd never have to talk about any of it. 'No,' he thought. 'No more easy ways out.' "Mum I want to get in touch with Harry." Petunia Dursley's body seized up in one great twitch, her vapid smile never leaving her frozen face. "What was that dear?" Dudley, who was quite unnerved by his mother's lack of emotion, tried again. "I'd like t-to talk to my cousin. Please." Her gaze fell down to the table as she began to arrange and rearrange the place settings. "Why would you want to do something like that darling? We're finally rid of him." He had to admit it had been really nice to not have his parents so tense all the time, ready to explode at any moment. 'But that wasn't Harry's fault,' said a very tiny and very unfamiliar voice at the back of his mind. "There are things- things I've been thinking about since we were in hiding. I just need to tell him I'm sorry." Petunia clasped his hands from across the table, tears and pride swimming in her eyes. "Oh my sweet boy! Such a kind heart. You have nothing to apologize for Diddydums!" She went blathering on. "He was an awful little boy who ruined everything for you. You were just defending yourself!" Dudley dropped his mother's hands as though they had burned him, her smile faltered for the first time. If she had at least been delusional enough to believe what she was saying he could've mustered up some pity for her. But she wasn't. It was written all over her face. She'd wanted Harry to hurt. "Are you mad?" He'd never spoken to his mother that way but his words were now being fueled by the flicker of anger and frustration that had begun to burn at his throat and lick at his insides. "We locked him in a cupboard. We starved him!" "We had to suppress him Dudley," she said in a harsh whisper as though there were a listening device somewhere in the walls. "You don't know what he could've done to us!" Dudley was getting a bit incensed at this point. "He wasn't going to do anything to us. He just wanted us to be his family. He-he loved us Mum, back at the start. And even after all we did to him he cared about us enough to keep us safe while HE was out there risking his neck to save us all!" Dudley gripped his hair and started pacing around the room, his distorted figure being reflected back at him from every shinning surface like some cheap fun house. He hadn't expected to be this emotional. When next he spoke his voice was as hard and flat as the counter top. "What if it had been me?" Mrs. Dursley was genuinely confused. "What if I had been born with magick?" His mother gasped and put a hand to her mouth. "My Aunt was a Witch, clearly it's in our blood somewhere. Would you have locked me away? Given me away perhaps?" "Dudley we would never-we love you." He didn't believe her. "Then why couldn't you love him?" She stared unseeingly at the fruit bowl and whispered, "Because he took her from me." "What?" Petunia leveled a gaze at her son. "Voldemort came after her because of Harry. He killed her because of Harry. We lived in constant danger because of Harry. You nearly had your soul sucked out by a dementor! All. Because. Of. Harry." Dudley came back to the table and squeezed her hands. "But none of that was his fault Mummy. He didn't want any of those things to happen." The hard look in her eyes told him nothing had changed. He sighed. "I need to talk to him, Mum. And if I have to stand in the middle of London shouting his name until someone carts me away I will." "You wouldn't." He chuckled humorlessly. "I've been throwing tantrums my whole life. One more won't kill me." They sat for a moment in silence as the wars raged on in Petunia's mind. "You can write to him at Hogwarts." "But I don't have an owl." "They have- their sort stationed at the post office. It will get to the Headmaster." "How do you kno-" Without another word Petunia rose from the table and practically ran up the stairs to her room. Minerva McGonagall didn't typically frequent The Leaky Cauldron (it really wasn't to her tastes) but this wasn't exactly a typical meeting. She'd never expected the boy to care a whit about his cousin let alone deduce how to contact her of all people. But his letter had sounded sincere, if a little disjointed, so she had sent a reply which contained a day pass to the magickal pub. When worn it would allow his muggle eyes to find the entrance. Presently the roughly hewn door opened hesitantly and a very large, very blonde young man stepped in. Dressed in clean pressed pants and a crisp green checked shirt with the M.O.M day pass around his neck Dudley stuck out like a troll at a house elf convention. Professor McGonagall met his eyes with a polite smile and motioned him over. He looked very relieved. "Mr. Dursley I presume?" "Oh no that's my fath- oh! Yes mam. That's- that's me." The boy thought she'd been referring to his father. His size belied how young he truly was. Yet despite his nervousness, and his youth, his early arrival and smart choice of muggle attire indicated that he was taking this seriously. She respected that. "Would you care for a drink?" Dudley quickly flashed back to the last magickal drink he'd refused and concluded that he wasn't too keen on being beaten over the head again. "Yes! Thank you." The Headmistress motioned to the toothless old bartender who bustled over with a Gilly Water and a mug of Butterbeer. Knowing it would seem rude if he hesitated Dudley took a long swig from the steaming mug. "Wow!" Warmth flushed every inch of him and all his muscles seemed to unknot at once. "Quite. Now to business I think." She adjusted her spectacles. "I must say when I first received your letter I thought someone was having me on." She took a small sip between pursed lips. "I'm sure it will come as no surprise to you that when Harry spoke of his family- well, it wasn't with a very pleasant air." "No mam. I'm sure it wasn't." Dudley couldn't meet her eyes as he clutched his mug with both hands. "I can't change the things I did. I expect I'll regret them for the rest of my life. But with some help I can change who I am now…and who I'm going to be." "Admirable sentiments Mr. Dursley but I fail to see how taking up a grounds keeping assistant post at Hogwarts would aid in this venture." Dudley fidgeted with his day pass as a group of boisterous middle aged wizards whirled into the pub ordering a round of drinks. He spoke quietly as a chair scrapped across the floor. "I'm sorry Mr. Dursley?" "I can't go back to them," he said a bit more firmly than intended. "They're going to pamper and spoil me just like they've always done. I'll never be able to get out from under them. I'll never be able to change." Professor McGonagall remained skeptical. "You realize that as Professor Hagrid's assistant you would not be living in the castle but in a rather small hut on the grounds? Not to mention the job itself, which is very labor intensive. Helping to maintain the grounds of a magickal school isn't exactly cutting the grass on a Sunday." "Yes mam. I understand." She looked at the young muggle curiously. He hadn't even flinched at the thought of not being able to live in the luxury of the castle. "You also realize that you will be assisting the very man who once gave you a pig's tail and frightened you half to death? A man who reveres your cousin like his personal hero." Dudley flinched just a little at that but covered it up by sitting up straighter. "I do." The Headmistress was silent for a moment as her piercing gaze scanned Dudley from over the rim of her glass. After a well-measured sip, she spoke. "In its history, Hogwarts has never had a muggle in its employ. Why it is only this year that a Squib was hired to the teaching staff." "But perhaps I'm a Squib." He hurried on before she could cut him off. "My Aunt and who knows what distant magickal relations are my family. I am a non-magickal person born to a magickal family. A Squib." His train of thought was building up a fair head of steam by now. "Which also means to say that since Witches and Wizards can be found in family lines all throughout human history, in every corner of the world dating back to the very beginning of things, perhaps there aren't truly any Muggles at all and all 'Muggles' are really just Squibs." Professor McGonagall's eyebrows had shot up to her hair line and though her lips remained in the same thin line the smallest hint of a smile seemed to play at the corner. "Well reasoned Mr. Dursley. I may have to share that one with the Ravenclaw doorknocker." The severe looking witch adjusted her spectacles. "I have to tell you Mr. Dursley that from the very start I had no intention of hiring you." Dudley felt tears, real tears, sting the corners of his eyes as he cast his gaze down and focused on a circular shaped burn mark on the table. The sudden onset of true saddens was so unexpected he hardly had time to swallow it down. "However…" Dudley held his breath. "You have persuaded me. No