This is my very first one-shot. I did this piece for FANDOM4LLS and I am glad I had the opportunity to do something for a worthy cause. I really hope you all enjoy reading it because I loved writing it. Summary: Edward, the town's most dedicated teacher. Bella, the daughter of the leader of the town's motorcycle gang, and the single mother of two of Edward's students. Will sparks fly when these two literally collide. Disclaimer: I do not own the rights to the characters. But the plot does belong to me. EPOV "Okay guys, let's pair off and head out for recess." I called out to my twenty- six students. They all hurriedly found their friends and held hands. They were all very well behaved, well, as well behaved as four year olds could get. "Alec, stop pulling Chelsea's hair!" I said as I separated the two squabbling children. For the most part they all played well together and I enjoyed my days with them. "Mister Cullen, Mister Cullen!" I heard my name being called and I spotted Anthony as he raced over to me. "Mister Cullen," he cried as he reached me. Bending down I took hold of him. He was all red in the face. "What's wrong Anthony?" I asked as he started jumping up and down. "It's Annabelle. I told her not to climb the monkey bars, but she told me to shut up. Mama told her not to say that, and I'm so gonna tell on her," he rambled on and I looked over at the monkey bars. I spotted Annabelle, as she dangled helplessly on the second bar. We made our way over quickly and I plucked her off the bar and set her onto the ground. She was crying quietly and I reached into my pocket and took out my handkerchief, wiping her face. "Thank you," she said, sniffing slightly. "What were you doing Anna?" I asked as she hung her head. "I wanted to make it all the way across, but Tony told me I was a baby and I was not allowed to do it. He thinks he's bigger than me, but he's only two minutes older and mama said he's not the boss of me, so I told him to shut up and I..." But she did not finish as more tears ran down her face. "Am I in trouble?" She asked and I shook my head, she'd learnt her lesson and I thought it was punishment enough. Calling over one of my teaching assistants, I told her to take Anna to the bathroom and clean her up, while I kept an eye on the rest of my broad. I smiled watching as Tony wrapped his arm around Annabelle's shoulders, as they both followed along. It was the end of another productive day and I stood on the top step of the school, watching as parents and students reunited for the day. Anna and Tony stood a little ways off holding hands as they waited for their ride. I remember when they both came to town; their mother had lived here, years before she ran off with the kid's father. Five years later she was back alone with the twins. I had never met her when she enrolled the twins, because I was out of town and the principal had met with her instead. Though from what I could tell, she was really involved with her kids. The thundering sound of a motorcycle roared from down the street and I watched as a big burly man parked his behemoth of a motorcycle in front of the school. Anna and Tony immediately ran off towards this man and instantly I swung into action. "Anna! Tony!" I called out, halting their steps. They turned around and I quickly ran up to them grabbing their hands. The huge man, got off his beast and walked over to us. "Might I ask, who you are?" I asked him as he stepped closer. Usually the kids' grandmother, Renee would pick them up. "He's our Papaw," Anna said catching me off guard. The man swooped down and picked up Anna; her squeals filled the air as he twirled her round. As he turned around in a circle, I caught the lettering on his jacket. 'The Wolf Pack', under that was a name I had heard before, 'The Chief'. Everyone in Forks and Port Angeles, knew that name. The Wolf Pack aren't known for violence but that doesn't mean you should get on their bad side, especially the Chief's. He set down a still giggling Anna and reached out for Tony, they embraced before Papaw looked over at me. "You heard my granddaughter, I'm Papaw, and I'm here for my grand-kids," he growled at me and I released the children, who ran over to him. "Papaw, this is Mister Cullen, he's nice. He saved Anna from falling off the monkey bars, even though I told her not to go on them," Tony lived up to his promise to tell on his sister. An angry Anna stomped her foot, as Papaw laughed. "Nice to meet you Mister Cullen," he said before walking away from me and heading towards his bike. I watched in horror and immediately called out to him. "You can't possibly be taking them home on that. It's dangerous, and I won't allow it." I swallowed deeply as Pap... I mean The Chief, turned and stared at me. I wiped my sweaty hands on the back of my slacks. "And what are you gonna do about it, Mister Cullen?" He asked stepping forward slightly. Holding my ground, I looked him straight in the eyes. "I don't want these kids to witness their Papaw being hauled off," I said in my deepest voice, hoping it sounded as menacing as I wished it to be. "Is that so?" he challenged. "Yes, it is?" It came out as a question. We stood there staring for what seemed like an eternity, until I heard a sweet voice call out. "Dad, what are you doing?" I turned and I'm stunned speechless as the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes on, marched over to us. Anna and Tony ran to her, shouting 'Mama!' as they went. I watched as she bent, kissing them both on the cheek before bringing them over to us. "I'm not doing anything, just having a little chat with the kids' very concerned teacher. And I must say, I am impressed Mister Cullen," he said as he stretched his hand out to me. I took it firmly and shook it, not fully understanding what had just happened. "Mister Cullen, was just informing me that it was dangerous to take the kids home on the bike, but I didn't get the chance to tell him, I was just waiting with the kids until you got here," he told his daughter, who paled and looked over at me. "Oh no, I would never let the kids ride on a motorbike. I'm not irresponsible like that," she said, as her eyes darted between me and her father. "No, I don't believe you would, but I have to look out for my students," I told her as I stretched my hand out to her. "It's nice to formally meet you. I'm Edward Cullen." My hand engulfed hers and I stared down at our joined hands. "Isabella Swan, but everyone calls me Bella. And it's nice to meet you as well," she said as we released our grip. "The kids talk about you a lot," she said as she smiled down at her beaming children. Well I hope it's all good things," I grinned at the kids as they bob their heads. "I was expecting your mother, Mrs. Swan," I said to Bella, and she nodded her head. "Yeah, she got held up and I called my dad to come wait with the kids, until I got off from work." As she spoke, I could not help as my eyes roamed over face. Her beauty was breathtaking. Bella and the Chief loaded the kids up in Bella's truck and took off leaving me alone on the school compound. Gathering up my stuff, I took off for the day. Once home, I unwound with a nice cold beer and turned the TV on to catch the day's episode of Jeopardy. I thought back on the day I had and I'm shocked at the way I stood up to The Chief. Never in all my days would I believe I would do something like that. It's amazing the things you can do, when you think children may be in danger. I also thought of Bella, I thought of her voice and how her hand felt in mine. I thought of her smile and how she'd reassured me that she was a responsible parent. Shaking my head, I headed to the kitchen to make my dinner, as I tried to stop thinking about her. The rest of the week went as usual, someone fell, someone cried, someone wet their underwear, someone got sick, someone stopped being friends with someone else, and the list went on. As much as I loved teaching and I loved my students, I lived for the weekends, where I could relax and do as I pleased. I had spent most of the day doing my household chores and decided to head over to the library to check out a few books for Monday. "Hey Edward!" Jasper the librarian called out to me as I entered. I walked over and we did our manly handshake thing. We spoke for a few minutes and then I went off to find what I needed. Once I was finished, I popped in my earphones and began my walk back home, I tried not to use my car to often. The sounds of OneRepublic blasted into my ears and I bobbed my head as I made my way down the street. Halfway down main street, I looked over on the other side of the road and saw that Newton's had a sale on hiking boots. Not one to miss out on a sale, I took a step in that direction. As I stepped down, I looked up and saw a motorbike coming towards me at full speed. The rider was waving his hands, telling me to get out of the way, but it was to late. The bike side swiped me, and I took a hard tumble. My head hit the pavement and I cried out in pain. I saw black spots before me and I blinked trying to make them disappear, but it was all in vain. The last thing I saw was the bike rider, as he rushed over to me. BPOV "Are you going to jail?" I looked over at my son. He had a full grin going on and shook my head. "Jail?" A wail came from my very dramatic daughter. I reached out to her, but she shifted away from me. Sighing I turned back to Tony. "No one is going to jail, and stop upsetting your sister." I wagged my finger at him and he smiled. "Well, if you're not going to jail, then we'll have to go on the run. We'll have to change our names. Can I change my name to 'Stormageddon, Dark Lord of All'? He asked, and I raised my brow at him. A muffled moan came from my victim and I sent Anna to get my dad. "Bells," Charlie called out to me and I waved him over as I sent the kids out with my cousin Jacob. We watched as Edward's eyes fluttered open. The green of his eyes were bright, but he looked dazed. "Wha... what happened?" He asked and I cleared my throat. "Edward, how is your head? I asked, and he winced slightly as he tried to sit up. "Woah there," Charlie reached out and guided him up slowly. "Take