Probity Shortly after the sun had settled beneath the trees, Lena saw small dots of light across the lake; lanterns, she realized. In a matter of minutes, students would be flooding into the castle. Lena couldn't decide if that was good or bad. A hand fell on her shoulder, and she stiffened. The old man beside her simply smiled sagely and informed her of what she already knew: that the students were en route. He guided to where she was to wait until the first years arrived. She didn't have to wait long, as it so happened. Within twenty minutes, small eleven years olds were being herded into the room, lumping together in a massive group. More of them than she would have liked took an interest in her, going from trying - and failing - to subtly get a good look at her and whispering amongst their newfound friends. Lena slumped further into the shadowy corner until she was as hidden as possible. Evidently, they did not like the looks of her, as when Professor McGonagall opened the door, one of the bolder ones pointed her out to the older woman. "She is being sorted today as well," she explained to the curious children, and they thankfully let that be the end of it. Lena thought it had something to do with the look McGonagall shot them, though. Lena remained shrunken against the stone as the woman explained some of the rules and general proceedings at Hogwarts, as well as some overly cryptic advice about finding true friends. It was then that she lined them all up - sort of, it was really too many children for them to obey anything. The gaggle of preteens were huddled in a vaguely-reminiscent-of-a-line clump. The group was charged with excitement, wonder, and a titch of anxiety has the doors were opened, allowing them to surge ahead. The much taller girl followed behind, at a bit of a distance, ahead of only McGonagall. As they were ushered in the Great Hall, Lena could feel hundreds of eyes on her. She had tried, unsuccessfully, to be sorted before summer ended, so she could avoid precisely this. The Headmaster, it seemed, was a bit to partial to theatrics for that. He went on an endless tirade of how it was a 'rite of passage', but now, looking at him, Lena could tell he just wanted to see the other students' reactions, even at her expense. The dark haired girl lingered toward the door, ready to make a quick escape should the need arise. She was alright for now, but all bets were off if someone decided to call her out specifically. Luckily, any attention focused on her was quickly redirected as the other kids learned she was not going to do anything particularly interesting, unlike the mobile piece of cloth across the room. It waxed some rather bizarre poetry before the garment was placed upon head after head, deeming their fates for the next seven years. When, at long last, all of the incoming first years had been assigned a house, Professor Minerva McGonagall spoke crisply. "Harris, Eileen." The hall fell almost silent as Lena strode forward, forcing herself to exude nothing but the easy confidence and nonchalance she most certainly did not possess. She held her head high and even as she walked alongside the tables and shot at glare at the man seated at the end of the table ahead of her before spinning and sitting on the stool. Immediately, the wretched hat was on top of her head, wiggling ever so slightly as it began to speak. Ah, interesting, indeed. I was expecting you four years ago, Miss Harris, the hat admonished. Then again, you've been missing for, oh, thirteen years, is it? "You know damn well how long it's been. Don't play dumb; it doesn't work with sentient cloth," she hissed under her breath, eager to be free of this hat and the eyes transfixed with her beginnings of an argument with cotton. Not that they knew the last part, of course. Oh my, bit of a temper, have we? It teased. Hmm, loyalty of a Hufflepuff, surely, but neither the diligence nor the patience. Creative and witty, good traits of any Ravenclaw. Mmm, perhaps. Ambitious and clever; yes, Slytherin would suit you fine. "No," she said firmly. She refused to be in the house run by that nuisance. She saw him enough as it was. Ooo, very interesting. Hmm, well, you definitely have nerve, and I can sense that bit of bravery in you yet, girl. Now, Ravenclaw or Gryffindor? She very nearly smirked. She knew, without a doubt, which house she wanted to be in. She'd heard the name enough in the last three or so months, always in the same sneering tone. Sure, it was spiteful and probably not a good idea in the long run, but she wanted him as far away from her as possible, even if it meant she persuade the damn cloth to place her in the house. "Gryffindor," she told him. Really? My dear, you have surprised me. Are you sure? She nodded imperceptibly in the affirmative, and he bellowed, "GRYFFINDOR!" The table adorned with gold and red cheered, directing her where to go. The table was mostly filled, leaving her to squeeze into the biggest opening. After she was seated, the old man spoke the usual reminders and such, and then the feast was underway as plates after plates popped - quite literally, in fact - onto the tables. She piled food onto her plate liberally. If there was one thing she'd learned in her week in the castle, it was that the food could not be beat. She'd gained at least two pounds during her stay, not that it was a bad thing; she was still as lanky as ever. She was a fan of food back in America, and now it was only enhanced by the quality of the school's food. She supposed the food was ample retribution for the public humiliation. She had been expecting this, of course; she was not a complete idiot. However, she had been hoping to delay the inevitable at least until morning. She was fat and happy, and all she wanted to do was go to her new dormitory and fall asleep. She was not in the mood for meeting her roommates, nor did she know there would be so many of them. They were are milling about the shared dorm room when she arrived. One of them, a short blonde literally skipped over to her, her long blonde hair flowing behind her. She looked like she could've been one of those first years that had been gawking at her an hour and a half ago. She stopped just in front of Lena and raised herself on her tiptoes. She then grabbed Lena's face and gave her a peck on each cheek. "We saw the extra bed, and we figured you'd be joining us," she said excitedly, bouncing a little in her her exuberance. "I'm Leslie Preece, and that's Shannon, Alicia, Angelina, and Lindsey." She pointed at each girl as she listed their names, but Lena could barely keep up with how fast she was talking. Another blonde smiled patiently, as if she'd been dealing with Leslie's antics her whole life. "Remember what Aunt Oenone tells you, Leslie," she chided, though it was clear she meant nothing behind those words. Lena could see the family resemblance between the two, although their demeanors seemed to be polar opposites. For all the energy Leslie seemed to possess, this girl was the epitome of peace. She too had long blonde locks, tucked into her robes. One strand stuck out though, falling against her cheek and ending just above her chest. She approached Lena, holding her hand out. Lena took it, and the girl introduced herself. "Shannon Mitchem." "Lena Harris," she said in turn. "Oh, you're American," Leslie exclaimed. "That's so fascinating! What's America like?" Her brown eyes were shining with wonder, no doubt imagining what life in America would be like. Lena blinked. "Oh, um, it's pretty good, I guess. I don't have much to compare it to. I've only been here a few months," she explained. "So, you're family moved?" "Leslie," Shannon scolded. "Haven't any of Aunt Oenone's etiquette lessons gotten through to you?" Leslie pretended to think for a moment. "Nope," she said, popping the last syllable and leaving her cousin rolling her eyes. One by one, she was introduced to the other three girls. The two girls with mocha-skin and strong builds were Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet. They were on the quidditch team together, hence their builds. The other girl, the one with pixie-cut brown hair, was Lindsey Albright. She was tall and lanky, much like Lena, however her academic motivation far surpassed her. She was one of the best in their year, a fact she prided herself in but not boastfully. The six stayed awake a while longer. Lena found she did not completely hate their company, an event she had prepared and was very glad had not come to pass. It might be nice to live with people she could actually tolerate. Not that she hadn't before, but her experience in the wizarding world was not a positive one as of yet. Finally, when Lena could barely keep her eyes open, the girls bid each other goodnight and went to bed, mentally preparing themselves for the classes awaiting them the next morning. Lena was extremely grateful his was the last class of the day. She knew she could not have dealt with him in the morning, and now she only had to endure that class and she was free for the day. There would be no brewing either, being the first class of the term. Instead, they just had to listen to his plans for the year and turn in their summer assignments, which meant she was free to tune him out. She walked into the classroom, settling herself in the very back. Lindsey sat beside her. Leslie and Shannon selected the table next to them, with Alicia and Angelina in front of them. Two redheads took the table in front of Lena and Lindsey. They were laughing about something, she did not know what. "Fred, George," Lindsey called to them and they turned, easy smiles on their faces. "How was your summer?" "Bloody hot," They said together, making Lena's eyes widen for a moment. "Went to see Bill in Egypt." It was at that moment that Professor Snape strode in, slamming the heavy door shut behind him. "Weasley, face forward," he barked, and the two boys spun back around. Lena rolled her eyes. He then began reiterating what the group had been hearing all day: the importance of the OWLs and that they would not be allowed to continue in the class without a qualifying score. The older man's eyes swept over the students he had taught for four years, except one. Who was currently talking to those infernal twins again. "Messrs. Weasley, ten points from Gryffindor." Lena could tell he didn't like the boys, even when they weren't misbehaving, although such instances seemed few and far between. Interesting , she thought. She just may have to befriend them. It was a little over two weeks later when Lena accidently let slip that she didn't know how to ride a broom. She was chatting with Leslie and Shannon at the time, though the entire group was together, having claimed a shady spot on the grounds. Discussion stopped around them, and Lena turned to find out why. Fred and George - whom she had indeed befriended and it had worked out splendidly - had paused their conversations and turned toward the girl, identical mischievous grins on their faces. It was a little unsettling, as the angle they had contorted into to view her looked nearly painful and was no doubt bad