Author's Note: This is the first in (hopefully) a series of short-stories depicting important moments in the life of Éomer, Marshal and later King of Rohan. As this is by no means a closed story, I eagerly await your input, and maybe you have ideas yourself about what other defining moments there could be. As I am only just beginning with this, I'd be most interested to hear your ideas! Disclaimer: Éomer and everyone else belong to the Tolkien heirs (hard but true). Yet as little has been said about the people of Rohan before the time of the Ring-War, I am taking the freedom to fill a few gaps with my ideas purely for entertainment's sake. Warnings: None. No violence, no swearing. A thoroughly harmless piece, I'd say. J Lots of pathos, probably. Rating: Due to the adult nature of the subject, I'd say a "T" should do it. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx DAY OF REGOGNITION „I understand this is difficult for you, father, but it is time. If you do not give him permission today, Éomer will be sourly disappointed. He trained obsessively for years. He had improved every time I tested him, and we all know that he is already an outstanding rider. He is ready, my lord." The newly appointed Marshal of Westfold, Théodred, who had been summoned to the king's study, cast a brief glance at the other present man and saw appreciation in the solemn expression of the older warrior before he turned back to his father. Both men knew how hard it had to be for Théoden-King to send yet another member of his family out into the brutal, unsure world outside the gates of Edoras, where anything could happen to a man, and much sooner to an inexperienced lad of sixteen summers. The King did not have much family left, and giving his nephew over to the armed forces after he had already allowed his son and heir into the armed forces had to twist his insides. Yet the lad had made it abundantly clear for as long as Théodred had known him that he would not accept to be spared the fate that called the lesser born boys of the Mark to arms at that age, just because he was considered nobility. The boy had a score to settle with the orcs, and ever since that dreadful day when they took his father when he was just aged eleven years, he had been counting the days until he would be able to bring his vengeance upon them. Nodding upon hearing his son's statement, Théoden-King nevertheless looked grey at the prospects of sending Éomer into the fray that cost the lives of so many valiant warriors every day. "I know he has advanced with the sword and bow. The weapons master told me of his improvements. But the lad is still too impulsive. He hates the orcs with a vengeance, and I am afraid that his rashness will cause problems on the battlefield." "We all hate them from the bottom of our hearts, Sire," Elfhelm, one of the valiant captains of the Eastfold responded, his gaze firm and reassuring. "We all had to learn the necessary restraint to battle them without putting ourselves in danger any more than necessary. Éomer, I am certain, will learn it, too. It is true that he is impulsive and does not think through his actions yet, but that cannot be expected of him at this age. He is a smart lad though, and I know that he wants to do his father honour. When Éomund was killed, I vowed to take the lad under my wings once he would be old enough to join the Rohirrim. I stand by that vow now, Théoden-King. I will teach your nephew what he needs to know, and I will protect him with my life. The entire éored has sworn to watch out for him. He will be as safe as he can possibly be out there, but you have to let him earn his honour. Let him walk his own way, my lord. I know that in your heart, you have already decided upon it, even if it is the most difficult decision any parent has to face, to send their children into battle. I know he is like a son to you, my lord." Elfhelm's gaze briefly wandered over to the bench where the newly made armour was lying, ready to be put on its new owner in an ancient ritual. He noticed that while it was as well-crafted as could be expected for a boy of noble decent, it did not stand out from what the rest of his men were wearing. His king followed his gaze, and said, apparently having read his mind: "I told the smith to make it strong, but inconspicuous. I do not want to make Éomer a preferred target for our enemies by giving him armour that would betray his standing. He will be disappointed when he sees it, but it will protect him in more ways than the ordinary." "It will not matter to him what armour you will clad him in, father," Théodred said, squaring his shoulders. "He is yearning to prove himself, and what he is wearing while he is doing it will be of little importance to him." His eyes on the armour for a moment longer and feeling the importance of the moment, the prince raised his chin. "All are ready for the procedure. Shall I summon Éomer now?" For a moment, the silence between the three men thickened, then the king nodded his head. "Yes, it is time. Bring him to the armoury, Théodred." xxxxxxxxxxxxxx "What is taking them so long?" Éomer fumed, impatience creeping through his veins like an army of ants. For the umpteenth time, he turned on his heels and walked back towards the window of his room, from where he could overview the dusty path leading to the stables. "The marshal arrived hours ago! They should have long called us!" "Who knows why the marshal is here? Perhaps he has more important things to discuss with uncle than you joining his éored. Perhaps he hasn't come for you at all!" The girl did not flinch as a piercing glance was shot at her from dark eyes. Éomer had to know that she did not mean it, even if he had hardly slept the nights before out of excitement that the time had finally arrived. At her young age of twelve summers, Éowyn knew for how long her brother had been anticipating this day, and the glint of hurt and insecurity she saw in his eyes now due to her remark told her that now was the wrong time for her banter. "I apologise, Éomer. I did not mean it," she added quickly, negating her words. "I do not know what is causing the delay, but I am sure they will come for you soon." She swallowed, feeling a strange mixture of pride and jealousy as she watched her brother's impatient pacing. The honour Éomer would be granted today was something she could never hope to achieve, and the thought stung, as much as she felt joy for her older sibling. Today, he would leave her to ride with the Mark's most esteemed warriors, to become part of their force and protect their land from the evil that seemed to multiply from month to month, no matter how many of the foul creatures their warriors were slaying on their endless patrols. Strangely, she felt no fear for him. Even though she had seen her share of death in her young life – not least of all their parents – the thought that the Ghost Horse could come to take a soul with him as young as her brother's was something she could not grasp yet, and she felt confident that Éomer was destined to become a great leader of their people; a captain, or possibly even a marshal. He had that determination. As had she. But she had been born in the wrong body. "I assume we will not see each other for a while, Wyn," Éomer said at length, slowly coming to realise the full consequences of this day. He turned away from the window to face his sister, knowing how she had to feel about their farewell. "The captain will take me back to the Eastfold with his éored. I do not know when I will be back at Edoras." She felt sad at the thought. Who would be there for her to secretly train with her? To conspire with? To share her thoughts and concerns? Ever since she could remember, Éomer had been there for her, and she for him, both of them fiercely protective about the other and determined never to let any harm come upon them. Théodred, he also belonged to their little circle, even if he was a lot older than they; but he, too, was gone most of the time, protecting the Westfold. And uncle… he cared for them, and Éowyn knew he would do anything for them, but it was different with him. He was an adult. Strangely, she did not consider her cousin that. And then there was also Éothain, Éomer's best friend. He, too, would be gone after today, like a number of other young men whose time had come, and – behaving like a boy most of the time herself she never had had many friends among the girls. From today on, she would be utterly alone. "Will you live in Aldburg? Will you live in our old home?" "I do not know, Wyn," Éomer said truthfully, silently asking himself the same question. It would be strange to return to the place where he had spent his youth. To the house that held so many nice memories, as well as some extremely bitter ones, which were the ones which usually came to his mind first whenever he thought back to these days. He had not been back since the dreadful day of his mother's burial, except for the annual day of their parents' death, when their uncle had taken them along to honour their memory by spending some time at the green hills that marked their graves. "I do not presume I will. The marshal lives there now, like we before him. I will probably stay with the other soldiers who have no family there. They used to have a place for themselves when father was marshal, do you remember?" "Of course! We used to go there to ask for sweets!" Éomer snorted. "You may have asked for sweets, but I always went there to hear them talking and telling the adventures they had experienced. Sometimes, they would even let me handle a blade or another token they had taken from the enemy." Again excitement rose in him at the thought that he would be one of the Rohirrim after the ceremony today. Children would come to him and regard him with wide eyes and ask about the battles he had experienced, just as Éowyn and he had done. It was a thought he could hardly grasp yet, even if he had lived for this day ever since he could think. To become one of the Riddermark's heroes, maybe even still be remembered in song long after he was gone…it felt unreal. The knock on the door interrupted his train of thought like a blow. All of a sudden, the young boy felt the heavy beating of his heart all the way up to his throat, and his mouth went dry. The door opened, and it was his cousin whose head appeared in the opening, a slight smile around his mouth, but otherwise his bearing was awfully official as he eyed them. "Éomer? Will you follow me? You are wanted in the armoury." His gaze briefly shifted to the other occupant of the room. "You know where you are wanted, Wyn. Léara will bring you