------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Disclaimer: All characters and locations in this story have sprung from J.R.R. Tolkien's imagination. As much as I would like to own Éomer, I don't. But there's nothing wrong with having a little fun with him, right? Warnings: Nothing disturbing in this fic (at least I think so), so it should be suitable for everybody. Author'sNotes Many readers commented after reading "A Rohan Ghost Story" and "Twilight of the Gods" (also on this site), that they would be interested in reading more about Éomer's recovery and the time he spent at Imladris together with Lothíriel. It took me a while until inspiration hit me (thank you, Vandala!) , but I do hope you enjoy this rather melancholic piece. As always, feedback will be most appreciated! -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- CLOSER Chapter 1 He woke with a start, the words and last images of his dream so vivid he could hear the cries of the wounded and the dying as they stumbled through the streets, their eyes wide with terror and reflecting the raging fire that raised the village of Isendras to the ground. He could even smell the smoke. You should not have encouraged them, my lord." Grima's voice. Accusatory, pretending grief. That accursed silken sound, snaking its way into his ears and into his mind; where it had nestled in and then sprouted hooks and claws to prevent that it could ever be removed again. Squeezing his eyes shut in a vain attempt to force the torturous memory out of his head, Éomer rolled onto his back and ran a hand over his sweat-beaded face and through his damp hair. For a while, nothing existed apart from the thunder of his own heartbeat and his suppressed rapid breaths. The dreams ought to be gone by now, he thought. Eight months had passed since his captivity, but to his dismay he found now that with the slow healing of his body, the nightmares had likewise gained strength. The hole in his shoulder had almost healed by now; good friends like Aragorn and Elfhelm had been there for him in the time of his need; Éowyn had travelled the distance from Ithilien to Edoras to help his recovery, and only four months ago, he had wedded the daughter of Prince Imrahil of Dol Amroth in a ceremony which had left nothing to be desired. So much good had happened to him in the wake of his captivity, so why was he not dreaming of these events instead of screaming and bleeding people and accusations which ripped his soul apart every night? Éomer waited a moment longer for his accelerated breathing to subside, before he turned to see whether his unconscious reactions to the dream had woken his wife. He was thankful to find Lothíriel still asleep; her breathing deep and regular, with no indication that she was sensing her husband's distress. For a moment, the sight of her peaceful form painted a faint smile onto his gaunt face as the Rohirrim King regarded his wife with all the wonder of a man who cannot comprehend how he has deserved so much good in life. How could she be his? Was this a dream within the dream, and Lothíriel just the product of his fevered mind, gone once he woke from it? Four months into their marriage, he was still afraid that it was so, and not even the silken sensation of her hair underneath his fingertips entirely convinced Éomer, as he moved his hand gingerly over the black, shimmering tresses on her pillow. Part of the dark flood had fallen over her face, and once again Éomer found himself gazing spellbound at Lothíriel's delicate features, silently admiring the slightly slanted cut of her eyes, her high and noble cheekbones and the full lips, slightly parted in sleep. His wife . When his friend Imrahil of Dol Amroth had first mentioned the possibility of a union of their two countries in such a way, Éomer had been sceptical. A political marriage was a foreign idea to the Rohirrim, who were a passionate and straightforward people. Choosing a partner for life was a matter of the heart, not of considerations regarding ones own standing or political implications. The thought of sharing a house and bed with a person one didn't love was unknown in the Riddermark. And yet, Éomer had not outright rejected the Prince's suggestion. He knew how much his friend loved and cared for his children; he would take all measures possible to ensure that his daughter found happiness. And he had already made the acquaintance of Lothíriel's brothers and had found them pleasant and enjoyable company. There was no reason for him to believe that their sister would be different. And Imrahil would never have made the suggestion had he felt that the two of them would not be a match. The business had been of the utmost delicacy. Not wanting to insult his friend, Éomer had bided his time, even though he had felt most unsure. Marry a woman he didn't know? A woman he had never seen or spoken with? She wasn't even from Rohan! How could the lifestyle of the Mark suit a young woman who had spent her entire life at a noble Gondorian court? It was hard to imagine. And yet, deep within his mind, the knowledge that his own sister would soon leave and he would be utterly alone for the first time in his life had made him susceptible to Imrahil's proposal. Even though Éowyn had still been present at the time of his decision and his first days as ruler of his people had been filled with work, the notion of loneliness had already settled in his thoughts to taunt him at night. The truth was that nothing, not even their desperate charge against the Dark Lord's army on the Pelennor Fields, had frightened Éomer as much as the prospects of losing Éowyn. She was the last of his kin, his little sister he had fought to protect his entire life. With her gone, who would be there to talk to, to understand his worries and needs? Who would be there for him to confide the things to he would never tell anybody else? More than once had he cursed the Prince of Ithilien in these long hours for stealing Éowyn away from him, at the same time knowing how selfish and ungrateful he was being to think so. After all, it had been Faramir as much as Aragorn who had given his sister back to him cured from her despair, and full of life and joy again. For that deed, the Steward of Gondor could have asked anything from him, and that he would ask for the treasure he had rescued was only fair. No, as daunting as the prospects of losing Éowyn were, Éomer had decided that he would not stand between her and happiness. Somehow, he would have to succeed in finding happiness for himself, and somewhere in these long dark nights of endless pondering, he had reached his decision. A slow, loving smile spread over Éomer's face as he regarded Lothíriel's peaceful futures. He had been wrong to ever doubt Imrahil. The Prince knew people well, and apparently, had seen right through him. It was a wonder how close Éomer already felt with his wife after only four months. Lothíriel had been shy when she had first arrived in Edoras on the day before their wedding. Shy, but unafraid. A creature so delicate and graceful that Éomer had at once felt the need to protect her, even though, as he found out in the course of the next weeks, she wasn't nearly as vulnerable as her appearance had led him to believe. Her manners had been so impeccable that Éomer himself had felt like a brute next to her, even though he had tried to be at his gallant best. And Lothíriel had honoured his efforts by granting him little smiles here and there, increasingly more often the more she felt as ease around him. Her quiet friendliness and willingness to learn about the way of Rohan life had won the people of his household over, and just before they had gone on their great journey north to Imladris to both introduce the queen to the people and cure their king of the after-effects of his captivity, Lothíriel had begun to make the first, slight rearrangements in Meduseld. It had been little things only, like having flowers brought twice a week to decorate the rooms with and lighten the grave mood in the ancient hall, but the fact that Lothíriel had undertaken them had told Éomer that she had finally begun to settle down and feel at home. In a way, it was regrettable that they had left for Rivendell at this time, thus interrupting this process; and yet to his great joy, Éomer had found that his wife's efforts to settle into the new situation had focussed on him in these foreign surroundings. Knowing that the reason for their visit at Lord Elrond's domain was to cure her husband from the damage done to him both spiritually and bodily by an old enemy a few months prior to their wedding, Lothiriel was doing everything she could to help the process and be as close to him as possible. The smile dropped from his lips. It had been a strange discovery for Éomer to find that that was where their closeness ended. To their shared frustration, he felt unable to speak to her about the events which had almost cost his life. About the guilt he felt for the death of so many people, and the shame for crimes he knew by now he hadn't even committed. At first, he had kept it inside, the fierce warrior inside of him afraid of letting people know of his vulnerability, hoping that the memory would fade with the passing of time, as it had happened with the many horrible events in his life. The death of his parents, the decline of his uncle into madness through the poison of the White Wizard and his minion Wormtongue and even Théoden's death. The loss of Théodred and the battles of the Hornburg, the Pelennor and the Black Gates, the intensity of all that had already faded to the point where he could talk about it. And yet the things Gríma had whispered into his ears while he had been under the influence of his poison refused to fade to mere memory. After all these months, they were still haunting him in his sleep, and the weakness of his injured shoulder reminded him of it during the daytime. It had gotten to the point where he had no longer been able to pretend his wellbeing to the people around him, and finally Gamling had convinced him to follow the suggestion Aragorn had made about seeing Lord Elrond for help and taking his wife along. The time they were spending together away from home helped to intensify their closeness, and yet the barricade to his innermost thoughts could not be penetrated. As if she was feeling his attention, Lothíriel stirred ever so slightly in her sleep, an involuntary and almost inaudible sigh escaping her lips, and delicately arched eyebrows were briefly drawn together in concern as if she had read his thoughts. "Éomer?" The one hand that was already lying on his side stretched a little further in her unconscious search, and he took it and gently brushed his lips over her fingers, murmuring soothingly, for he felt that she was close to waking, but not quite awake yet. "Where are you?" "Sssh..." he made, the words barely whispers in the silence of their room. "I am here, Lothíriel. Go back to sleep." He kissed the tips of her fingers and saw her satisfied reaction in the slowly spreading smile on her face. His heart felt a little lighter. "I was dreaming... you had gone away."