Over When It's Over It's the first snap of the last straw, Where regrets outlast the alcohol It's a cold sweat, in an empty bed, And dreams are like a knife, When you're hanging by a thread Ain't no "Maybe we can make it if we just play the right cards" Over when it's Over, Eric Church Jacob / Kylie "Maybe you're being just a little insensitive towards Bella, Kylie? She's depressed. She needs people around her, not distancing themselves right now." Jacob explained to his girlfriend, Kylie as he looked at her, shook his head. He didn't get it lately, it felt like he was torn between his best friend and her younger sister, his girlfriend. The strain was causing him to really question things between himself and Kylie lately, because it honestly just seemed as if she were being totally selfish. Which wasn't like her, not until recently, maybe in the past year or so, since her older sister and his best friend Bella moved back to Forks to live with Charlie and Kylie. "No, Jacob, I'm not. A guy broke up with her.. That is not a reason to go into some kind of catatonic depressed state and spend all her time in her damned room staring out that damned window, giving me judgemental looks when we come back from spending time at La Push.. Look, I get that she's your friend but trust me.. This thing she's doing? It's all to make people feel sorry for her and pay attention to her. She's always done this, it's her thing!" Kylie insisted, looking up at Jacob. She could feel the tears threatening to fall, she knew lately she was about to lose Jacob to her older sister. Of course, she'd seen the writing on the wall when her older sister moved back last year, and Jacob started to spend more and more time around Bella instead of with her. "How do you even know that, really? I mean you visited Renee and your stepfather what, four times?" Jacob asked, his voice raising a little as he looked at Kylie and then over her shoulder, peering into Bella's bedroom where Bella sat, totally oblivious to anything around her it seemed. "And every single time I went, Jacob, if I got even a smidge more attention than she did, she was sulling up, pouting, pretending to be hurt or sick or something.. Look, that's just the way she is. Believe me if you want to, if you don't want to then don't. Either way, I'm not trying to lie to you or something. I also don't see why we're fighting about this." "Because, Kylie, I just think that maybe it'd be a good thing if she came to La Push with us tonight for the bonfire. It would be better for her than just sitting in her room and staring out her window, depressed. Are you even a little worried about her?" "I am, actually.. But I'm not stupid enough to give her exactly what she wants, either. She's doing this to get your attention, Jake because she's only okay when you come to see me, any idiot can clearly see she's doing it for attention except for you of course.. Know what? I'm sick of arguing with you. All we do lately is fight.. If you want her to go to La Push? Take her.. But I'm not going with you." "So you're going to make me choose now, Ky.. Really mature.. Fine. We're leaving." "I'm not.. I wasn't making you choose.. That you could even think that, Jacob.. But hey, if you want to choose, I guess you just made your choice, huh? I'm done with it." Kylie gaped at the things they'd just said to each other for a few moments as the color slowly drained from her face and she processed what he'd just done and what she'd felt like she was forced into doing as a result.. but he was basically doing what pretty much everyone else tended to do.. Tossing her aside in favor of her older sister. The prettier one, the smarter one, the better one. The one with less obvious problems until recently. And recently, it seemed as if she were milking her present problems to the fullest extent, extracting every bit of spare attention she could get out of it from pretty much everyone leaving Kylie, of course, to be ignored.. Just like she'd done covertly when they were kids and she'd visit her sister and mother in Phoenix. "Jacob.." "You said it, Kylie, not me." Jacob said quietly as he shook his head and turned to walk into Bella's room. "FINE! I'M BETTER OFF WITHOUT YOU ANYWAY YOU FUCKING PRICK! I DON'T NEED YOU! WHEN I'M RIGHT JACOB, REMEMBER.. YOU CHOSE THIS." Kylie shouted as she took a few deep breaths, turned and walked into her room, making sure to slam the door as hard as humanly possible. (Jacob) Just A Dream My lover, my life, my shawty, my wife She left me, I'm tied Cause I knew that it just ain't right I was thinking bout her, thinkin' bout me Thinkin' bout us, what we gon' be Open My Eyes, It was only Just a Dream Nelly, Just A Dream From where he stood in Bella's room, Jacob sighed sadly and winced a little at the slamming door. For some strange reason it felt as if he might have just made the biggest mistake of his life and he found himself wishing he could go back and press rewind or something, stop the fight before it started.. But he couldn't, he knew that. They'd both said too much to each other recently and the fight just now was the straw that broke the camel's back. "Bella, do you want to go to La Push with me tonight?" Jacob asked Bella. And when she looked up at him and managed a smile, shrugged a little and finally nodded, got up out of the chair, for a split second, everything Kylie just yelled at him in the hallway outside of Bella's bedroom came back to him.. If she were really as upset as she claimed, if she were really as depressed.. It'd take a lot more than him to make her leave the confines of her room. It normally did. Why was she suddenly okay with going somewhere with him again? Being a typical idiot, he shoved the thought out of his mind and sat down on the bed, waiting on Bella to change like she'd went into the bathroom that seperated her room from Kylie's room to do. When she changed, they left for La Push in Bella's truck. And as they pulled away, Jacob looked up, saw Kylie standing in the window of her bedroom. He felt that feeling again, the feeling he'd gotten a few minutes before, like he was making the biggest mistake of his life.. But again, he ignored it. He had to be right.. Kylie was being selfish and bitchy lately. What he didn't realize, of course, was that he'd been a shitty boyfriend lately.. He'd forgotten dates, he'd went a day or two without calling her once because they had a huge fight, he'd tell her he'd do things and then he'd not do them because he was trying to help his best friend Bella as much as he could with her current situation.. And he wouldn't realize that, of course, until it was too late. But isn't that the way it always goes? To quote a song.. You don't know what you got til it's gone. Make Up Your Mind If we break up, we'll wind up losing both of our minds So wake up, let's make up and do this for the last time Make up your mind and I'll make up mine Don't worry about me, I'll be fine The last time you yelled at me, I swore that I heard you say "I wish I hadn't met you at all, " I started thinking Make Up Your Mind, Theory Of A DeadMan Kylie In her room, Kylie sat on the floor in front of her bedroom door, listening, hoping against all reasonable hope that Jacob would calm down, come back into her room and they'd make up. They always made up. This was just a stupid fight and yes, she could honestly say she'd over reacted just now.. But she was just getting so sick of it lately, being shoved out of the big picture just because her royal highness was having an apparent neurotic mental breakdown. She looked at the cork board above her desk, she saw all the pictures of Jacob and her with their friends, she saw the dream catcher he'd given her. She stood and walked to the window just in time to watch Jacob leaving for La Push with Bella and without her. She wiped at her eyes for a few moments and then sighed quietly. It hurt like hell. She'd known him her whole life, practically, there wasn't a memory she had that didn't have him in it somehow, he'd just always been around.. And naturally, friendship turned into a mutual crush.. They'd only just gotten past the awkwardness that came with admitting how you felt to your best friend when Bella moved back to Forks.. At first, things were good. Bella was dating the jerk known as Edward, Jacob seemed content with her. They were always together, she and Jacob were, and if you'd asked Kylie about this time last year, she'd never have thought that Jacob would do what he'd done, that he'd say the things he said to her tonight. She'd honestly been living out her lifelong fairytale until Bella came to live with their father and turned it into a nightmare of sorts. Her eyes filled with tears again and she shook her head, stepping away from the window, shutting the curtains. "Okay.. It's going to be okay, Kylie, unlike her, you don't thrive on pity and attention. You will be okay. It's just a breakup. Jacob.." But even as she said the words, deep down, she knew she didn't actually believe them. Everything felt like a raw nerve right now. She was feeling the full brunt of the pain and the bitterness and the anger. But with shaky hands, she started pulling all the pictures down off of the corkboard and throwing them into the trash. The next thing that went was the framed photo of her with Jacob at the fair in Port Angeles the year before. The entire time she was doing this, she was sobbing practically. She felt drained when she finished, falling back across her bed, staring up at the ceiling. But she wanted all of this pain out tonight. She wasn't going to sit back and just let it build, let it consume her. She wasn't that kind of girl, she never had been. Grabbing the trash bin and a box of matches from the hallway table on her way out of the house, she walked around to the backyard and struck the match, dropping it into the trash bin. She stood there, watched it burning. Her eyes caught on the old friendship bracelet and she sighed as she slipped it off her wrist and added it to the fire, wiping at her eyes as she did so. They'd had friendship bracelets since their two schools took a joint field trip to the Port Angeles Zoo in 4th grade and he'd gotten them for them. This only made her sob harder. How much more did she have to lose so her precious and supposedly perfect saintly bitch of an older sister have to take from her before she was 'herself' again? "Not this time, Bella.. You've finally done it. You've completely broken our relationship as sisters. If you want Jake? Take him by all means.. But don't expect me to give two shits