Jasper rolled the girl over in his twin bed. He brushed his blonde hair out of his face flushed from fucking all night. He struggled to recall her name. His mom had brought her over-she was a good pick this one. Nice tits. Nice ass and even better was the brunette hair she sported. Sure it wasn't quite Jasper's length preference but she had given him a good long ass ride. Maria-his mom-had always quite him quite busy with these women. He loved and both hated it. He wanted to please his mother so bad but the constant blind fucking had left him thoroughly empty inside. He wanted to be free from this life but he wished his mother wasn't so engrossed with the shit she'd always been. Jasper wanted his mother's approval he fucking needed it. Jasper felt the heat rising from his neck considerably put out. His flaccid penis still sounding snugged in the ass cheeks of the woman. He'd let her sleep her because honestly it was the dead of night-the inappropriate time of morning for a junkie woman like herself to be wondering through his neighborhood in the rough streets of Arizona. Or rather that's how Jasper convinced himself to let the woman spend the night-he hated sleeping alone. Maria had been involved in every illegal business there was she smuggled drugs, woman, guns and other things from the border of Mexico. The illicit business she participated in had gained Jasper's own childhood. He'd been involved with the business all his life-he knew no other way. No better way to please his mother and that's what he wanted. Love from her from someone. Jasper had his first women when he was 12. His mother had forced his head between the legs of a woman that'd she'd gotten a great deal of trouble from. Jasper was sure that she disposed of these woman after he was rewarded with them. That day his teacher had wondered how Jasper had gotten the cigarette burns all over his back and he'd promised her that they'd come from his own stupidity. He'd sworn to the teacher that he had allowed the older boys in his neighborhood to haze him so he could join in on their games. He'd begged cried and pleaded with her not to involve the cops because he wanted to stay with his mother who was sick and needed him. Jasper was a rather charming, cunning, and convincing boy who'd become a man thrown into a shit storm purgatory he called life. The only thing Maria was sick with was fucking insanity and evil. Jasper couldn't understand why the fuck he could live the life on the TV shows he'd watched. He wondered vaguely why he couldn't have the happiness and content-fullness that other human beings had. He woke the next morning and gave the junkie over to his mom. She'd been a rather good one for him. He was rather fond of the sex he'd had with him. But he'd never stick his neck out for anyone else. Peter and Charlotte had been his friends while his mother did her business as a power drug lord. Peter was fond of Charlotte and they'd been given the task to watch over Jasper when his mom was away for business which was usual brutal murder. Jasper had never asked how'd they'd gotten involved in this crazy business. They were employees of Maria sure but Jasper loved the joyful attitude, positivity and love the two brought into his household. He was a steady 5 years younger than the two he'd been 12 and the two had been 17. He wondered of their parents or family but he could never find the appropriate time to breach such tender subjects they weren't ready for such talk. Jasper was fearful that bringing up their past and circumstances would surely ruin the mood they'd brought into his life so he settled for their presence. Unfortunately, they'd fucked up one day. Jasper hadn't been paying attention to the meth that was cooking in the basement because he was hanging out with Charlotte and Peter playing in the yard with his older friends. The explosion had cost Maria money she wasn't concerned that'd he'd been thrown and badly damaged by the explosion. She'd immediately asked for Peter and Charlotte's lives. But it was the only time Jasper had defied her. Spoken his mind and swore on his soul that'd he'd never forgive Maria if she disposed of the two people in his life who'd actually given him something worth living for. A taste toward the happiness he dreamed about. The explosion from the meth in the house had glass shards flying everywhere and debris. A glass shard had been embedded sounding in his face not fatally deep but had been definitely painful. Even worse was the broken ribs and arms he'd sported. And the scraps and scars he'd endured. The injuries to his body were enough to make him succumb to darkness for a while. When he'd woken up Jasper was sure that he would save Peter and Charlotte. He'd woken up in a ratty motel bed with his mother hovering fondly over his body. She'd threaten to kill his friends and Jasper had lost himself in grief and disbelief. He'd fought back with his injuries. Maria found that enduring and took mercy on his impassioned pleas for his friends. She'd given him an ultimatum. No hospital. Natural healing. And the couple could live but no longer work for her. She'd sale them to another associate. And Jasper had readily agreed to give his life for the two. But the injuries weren't killer. He's been stuck with glass in him for two weeks before his Mom had decided to yank them out. That was the day he learned the importance of whiskey in his life. But now Jasper sat in the quiet room with the thick glass panel in front of him hand cuffed to a table. They'd raided his house sometime earlier that day and they'd found a large sum of cocaine in the house. Unlucky for the cops that Jasper and Maria had moved he illegal guns, other drugs, and other illegal items, substances and materials in the outhouse at their other house miles in the deserts of Texas under the name of someone that was virtually impossible to connect to them. The house was 100 miles away from the territory the two called home. He eyed the water in the plastic cup wearily. Jasper's involvement with his mother's business was behind the scenes. No one ever seemed to connect him to the life of his mothers. They played a good scene on the cops. His room was full of trophies from high school sports, he had all the latest shoes and clothes. Anything he asked for Maria rewarded him with-the catch vein he did something for her. Jasper was a rather convincing child. He could coax a kitten stuck a tree to jump in his arms-maybe even a roaring fire. He waited for them to question him some more. He'd repeated the constant answers and drill runs that he'd gone through with his Mom and her goons. He'd told them his mother had a drug problem but she worked at the pharmaceutical company in their town. Which Maria did and ran a smooth and intimidating business of smuggling drugs and other shit in and other of the place. The place was clean on paper and spotless otherwise; Maria was a pro felon. She was a true human formation of the devil-and she was Jasper's mom. He vaguely wondered if that made him a spawn. The cop entered the room warily and eyed the teenage boy in front of him. Jasper had curl thick blonde curls all over his damn head and they were messy but oddly settling attractive. His hair was long enough for him to wrap in a pony tail and wear a small man bun on his head. Jasper watched him back. The cop noted his fit appearance. Jasper was 17 and a high school athlete that stood at 6'4. He had broad strong shoulders and guns sitting on his arms-muscle was a powerful thing in his world. He was oddly beautiful, nice skin-on his face. He had bright green eyes that gave away nothing. His ski gone was a solid smooth vanilla with no blemishes at least that could be seen with him fully clothed. "Your Mom is going to prison for the cocaine we found in the house. And since we can't seem to find anything else incriminating against her we can only get but so much time in prison." The cop revealed wistfully. He'd hoped the youth would succumb to the hours of interrogation and hammering and give away his mom. But he hadn't. He'd been so calm and sincere when he told the cops that his mom was innocent. That she loved him and was a good mother. Jasper was rather talented that way. "Until then she lost her rights as your guardian and we found you a home in Forks Washington for the time being... You'll stay with one of our associates in the foster care business. You're 17 with no immediate family so we did the best we could". Jasper had almost revealed his own emotions at the worlds. They've never tried to remove him so far from his house and his life. Usually a local foster care that would keep him a while until his mother found a loop hole be it bribery or murder. They FBI had been trying to catch since before she'd had Jasper. They wanted greatly to separate the two and make Maria sloppy to get her son back. She loved him-or so Jasper had convinced them all she did. Jasper would be miles away from his mother-and the life he knew. He almost wanted to show the officer his true self by flipping over the table and strangling him with his bare hands. Instead Jasper lifted his own un-cuffed hand and ran it through the thick light bush on his head. Jasper stared out the tinted windows of the Buick taking him deeper into the United States rain forest. Forks was a dreary small town covered in green on the coast of Washington state. The rain had been steady for the hour drive they'd began from the closest biggest airport near the no where village. Jasper wanted to kill everyone who talked to him since he'd left Phoenix. He almost had until he remembered that he needed to keep up the innocent act until he could contact the next in command to his mother's business and inform him he would be fine and to do whatever he needed to get his mother free. After all Jasper couldn't last in the shithole of Forks for long he wasn't like any of the people here and it would be the hardest part of him to hide. Fucking small towns talked and he was one to attract attention alright. Charlie Swan, the sheriff of Forks, watched the car pull into. His family had been in Forks a long time. He had been blitz attacked these pass few days. Contacted by his old friend in the FBI and had been graciously though he refused a child. He hadn't had a child before but he'd read the file of the boy with the mother with the drug problem. He'd succumb and given into will of the gods that controlled life's course. Jasper slowly rose out the car and eyed the man in front of him. This time he'd been given a home and he usually stayed in foster care never a home. His would prove difficult to keep his true monster at bay. He wanted nothing more than to return to some shitty overcrowded house with others. He was 17 and thrust into a home of a man that he wasn't sure would be