A/N: what's up? So this is my first Solangelo. I'm gonna make it sad, just a fair warning. There will also be minor gore and definitely sware. This is a month or two after BoO. Disclaimer: I do not own PJO/HoO! Though that would be awesome…. I might make this a one-shot, or maybe something like part 1 of whatever. I'll see how this plays out first. Just in case, I will number this for chapters at the beginning. This will switch between Nico's and Will's POVs every so often, though it will be Nico's majority of the time. Chapter 1: Where Did It Go So Wrong… Will rummaged through the stocks of medicine in the infirmary. It was a lazy summer day, the sun beating down on the camp at record temperature. Campers where either lazing about in their cabins or swimming or maybe just hanging about the training arena or the dining pavilion. But Will couldn't stand doing nothing. When his cabin mates refused to roll out of bed and do something, he decided to just take inventory. Much to his chagrin, he found very little left. Some Band-Aids, a small roll of gauze, a bottle of disinfectant, some ambrosia and nectar… "Looks like a trip to CVS is in order. I'll have to do an overnight shipment of the ambrosia and nectar from Hermes's delivery. Hopefully he'll respond immediately this time and we can make it a one minute delivery. Hmm… and I know just the person to go with me!" He brightened on instant at the thought and, after hastily scribbling down a checklist, dashed off to find him. Will knocked on the cabin door gently, then pushed it open. Just as he suspected. The Hades cabin was dark and quiet. The only person inside was a dark-haired boy flopped out on his bed, sifting through an old, worn out deck of Mythomagic cards. Will figured the other inhabitant of the cabin, Hazel Levesque, was off with some friends trying to cool off. But her half-brother Nico di Angelo was as stubborn and anti-outdoors as it got. Nico glanced up at the blond figure in the doorway. Will thought he saw the boy's onyx brown eyes brighten when he saw him. He couldn't help wondering whether it was from the sunlight spilling into the room through the door or that Nico was simply glad to see Will and he silently hoped it was the latter. "Hey, Will." Nico said, looking down at his cards and singling one out, a fond gaze fixed on the card. "Hey, Nico. So I'm low on stock in the infirmary and need to go into town to get some things and I was wondering if maybe you'd like to come? I can't go alone in case of an attack so…" Will smiled awkwardly and Nico couldn't help but smile back. He shrugged and sat up in his bed. "Why not?" He said, a mysterious smile on his face, hair falling in front of his eyes so Will couldn't read his expression. "Let me just get changed first." That's when Will realized he was wearing pajama pants. "O-oh, right." He said shyly. Nico just went over to his clothes chest and took out a pair of black jeans. Then he locked himself in the bathroom and emerged a few minutes later wearing a black T-shirt and the jeans from the chest, as well as a silver skull ring on his finger. "All set. Let's go." Nico put simply. Will blinked and recovered his common sense. He had been in an almost trance when Nico had come back out. Will would never admit it, but he thought the boy standing before him was actually kind of cute. He was a powerful young demigod and Will wanted nothing more than to be let into the brooding boy's life. He was so intrigued by Nico's sense of mystery, his shadowed past, and his powerful aura as well as his old-world charm. He knew Nico was gay (Jason can be a bit of a blabbermouth sometimes) but he wasn't sure whether he returned the feelings. On Nico's side, he had a major crush on Will. But he had no clue whether Will was gay or straight or whatever. The fourteen-year-old was a little afraid of what would happen if he spoke his mind. So instead he practiced what he would say with his Apollo card that he kept on his nightstand. Once Hazel caught him and ever since then she'd been dropping annoying hints to Will who appeared not to catch on to them. Nico wasn't sure if he was thankful or frustrated by that. The two boys walked off to the Big House. Will said they would have to ask Chiron for transportation. Once they were done with that, which took a while since Seymour the leopard head kept interrupting and Chiron was unconvinced, they managed to get a CHB van driven by the head of security there, Argus. Chiron told them to IM Argus if they needed him to come back or if anything went wrong. There was something strange about how he brought up the 'if something goes wrong' part that unsettled them both. And on that happy note, they headed off into town. ( A/N: Chiron's got the right idea.) They rode in a silence that Will ached to fill, but he was worried he might not say the right thing. Nico would have loved to fill that silence, too, but he had similar worries. He didn't want to get too close only to have his heart ripped in half again. First he lost his sister, then he had to let go of Percy. He couldn't stand to lose his friendship with Will. Finally, after an awkward ride across town, Argus pulled up at CVS. Will climbed out of the van and thanked him for the transport. Argus simply nodded and drove off once Nico was out. Will heard Nico mutter something about how unpleasant people can be and customary courtesy as they walked through the automatic doors. Their entrance was greeted with an electronic bee-doo from the doors' automated systems and Will gazed around the place. It was almost completely empty. Apparently it wasn't just a lazy day for camp. An attendant was sitting at the register reading from a magazine; two burly men stood over by the snacks. Other than them and Will and Nico, no one else was around. The attendant greeted them with a friendly smile before going back to her magazine. Will took out his list and grabbed a basket, putting things in left and right. Nico had no idea what Will could be putting in. All he saw was a box of Band-Aids and some hydrogen peroxide. But he trusted that Will knew what he was doing. Occasionally he would sneak in a few things of his own, tossing in a bag of gummy worms and a soda. But Will didn't notice. Or if he did, he didn't care or just turned a blind eye. Nico was grateful for that. He would make sure to thank Will once it was over. Then something flashed out of the corner of his eye and everything went south. It happened so fast, Nico barely had time to comprehend what was happening and only really understood it afterwards. The two men hanging around had disappeared, though neither boy noticed or cared until the first attacked. Nico just had time to let out a strangled yelp before a bronze chain wrapped around him and pulled him to the ground, his head hitting the floor hard. When he came to moments later, he found himself chained to one of the support poles in the store. You know, the things with the fire extinguishers on them in case of emergencies? Anyway, he blinked open his eyes and searched out Will. He spotted him fighting against the one remaining man with the fire extinguisher, spraying his face so he couldn't see and hitting him over the head. Will turned tail and almost ran, but he wanted to find Nico first. He noticed Nico being chained to the pole and held their by the first man. But just as he took his first step forward, a horrible pain tore through him. His stomach felt like it was on fire. His mouth opened in a silent scream and his clear blue eyes clouded with pain. Nico couldn't believe what he was seeing. The second man had taken a celestial bronze sword out while Will's back was turned and the weapon's red-stained blade was now through Will's gut, coming out just below his rib cage. Nico heard himself cry out in shock involuntarily. Will's visage was twisted with agony and he had one hand on the flat of the sword, like he was frozen in time trying to push it back out. Blood gushed from the wound and pooled on the floor, glistening dark red and staining his torn camp T-shirt and jeans. Nico had been to Tartarus and back, but nothing he had seen there even came close to the scene he was witnessing. Or at least, that's what it felt like. "Will!" Nico cried. He struggled against his bronze chains in vain, all logic and common sense out the window. He heard the attendant shriek in terror and noticed her dialing 911-at least he assumed it was 911-on the wall phone, but his mind didn't prioritize that. It was too busy struggling to convince him that what was happening before him was just a terrible nightmare and that he would wake any second. No such luck. Finally his mind kicked it into high gear. He screamed in rage and the floor before him ripped open. Three skeletal soldiers clambered from the depths and raised their swords. (Being the son of Hades had its upsides.) The first cut through his chains like they were butter. The other two took on and defeated the men in moments. Nico only half acknowledged the men exploding into yellow dust at the contact of the weapons on their skin-only confirmation that they were monsters. He was too busy running to Will's side. In order to fight back, the second man-no, not man, monster-had removed his sword from Will's stomach, though he had no luck in successfully defending himself. Once he had, Will had fallen to the floor where he lay now. His face was still contorted in that silent wail of agony, his eyes open wide. Nico didn't care that by kneeling beside him he was soaking his clothes in blood, he put Will's head in his lap anyway and stared in horror at the broken figure before him. He racked his brain for useful information Will had taught him during the time he had spent helping around the infirmary. He tried to stop the bleeding, but the gauze became soaked red in seconds. Meanwhile, Will's mind was hardly aware of Nico's futile attempts to save him. At first the pain was unbearable. He felt himself slipping and he was light-headed from blood loss. Then the feeling slowly faded to the background, like a distant memory rapidly escaping one's consciousness. He felt his world being enveloped by a cloud of darkness and he couldn't help but feel as though he himself was fading from existence. Like fighting was idle. As he slipped, he heard the faintest sounds of sirens and thought he heard someone calling his name. And then it was gone. All signs of the outside world vanished and he was alone in a vast emptiness with only flickers of shapes to keep him company. Outside Will's thoughts, someone was calling his name. Nico was still sitting with Will's head in his lap, crying out to what remained of his consciousness, trying to rouse him. Multiple police cars and an ambulance had pulled up outside. The first police man entered and began speaking with the woman at the counter,