Forgive me all you physics majors out there I'm just rolling with an idea. I apologize if I make any mistakes. Disclaimer – I don't own Harry Potter Three weeks into his first year of primary his teachers had noticed him getting restless in classes. He was above the level they were holding him at. He wanted to learn more and he was attempting to read ahead most of the time. Whenever he was called on in class for group reading he'd look up slowly, not knowing where to read from and not really wanting to stop reading the chapter he was on. He grasped the concepts faster and he didn't want to keep reviewing. He wanted to go ahead, onto something new and unknown. It was rare, but not at all unexpected in little Harry's case, for a student to be pushed a grade forward so they remained academically challenged and once it had become clear that he was beyond the first year they allowed him to go forward. The second year teacher looked at the name with some excitement. A new student popping in wasn't rare in the least, but from a lower grade? She hoped he was as impressive as her friends in the teacher's lounge claimed he was. Students trickled into the room, took their seats and then she saw him. The small boy with dark hair standing near the door. His clothes were too large for his frame and his glasses barely sat on his nose properly but he stood up straight, his chin held up firmly. She could see the shadows under his eyes, almost hidden by his hair falling around his head wildly. There were some laughs at his mangy appearance from the students but she withheld judgment. "Class, This is Harry Potter." She said, drawing their attention to her. "He's been bumped up a grade and he'll be joining us from now on, say hi." The class chorused their hello and Harry waved back before asking where he should sit. He'd turned seven with various blows from his uncle to various parts of his body before being dropped unceremoniously onto the bed in his cupboard. His body hurt and shook as he tried to hug himself into a corner and wish the Dursleys away from him. He never did anything to them. He cleaned, cooked, did well in school. He did the best in school! In the two years he'd been going he'd been brought up five grades. He was beyond what anyone expected of him. They didn't care for that, though, they looked down at him as they beat him into submission. They hurt him for doing better than Dudley every time grades went out. They hurt him whenever he was boosted a grade. They hurt him if he was breathing too loudly from the cupboard when they were watching the telly. Harry shut his eyes tightly as tears slid down his aching cheek. Why wasn't he allowed a loving family? What made him different than all the other kids in his classes? Their parents smiled as they picked them up from school. They asked how their day was. Petunia showed up to get them and if he happened to be slower than Dudley then he walked himself home. There was no love or happy feelings in the Dursley household. Just shame. . . Pain. . . Fear. . . He cried himself to sleep as he rocked back and forth on his mattress asking whatever deity that would listen to take him from the hell he'd been forced into. Physics. The name reminded him of physical education which he did poorly in due to his size. He was only eight and all the opposing players in whatever game they were playing sixteen or seventeen. He was required to take the class for the duration of his stay in the secondary school. The Headmaster had said that he didn't expect Harry to remain in the school long and the PE classes were required for graduation. It's only saving grace was that the beatings stopped. He had to change in the locker rooms and Vernon wouldn't be seen as the child abusing monster he was. The verbal abuse only grew though. Harry could deal with that though. He was an eight-year-old child that was about to graduate secondary school. He already had scholarships for University lined up. Vernon had spoken up about it. Saying he would not allow Harry to go but he wasn't considered a genius for nothing. The scholarships more than paid for all the classes and books. The rest would fall into his pocket and he'd promised the money to Vernon. He didn't want it and if it bought him a pass to further his learning he was happy to give it away. The Dursleys never looked at Harry for what he was anyway and a few pounds for a blind eye was more than worth it. What they refused to see was a genius of the highest caliber. Even now, when he was eight years ahead of where he should have been, he was still top of his class. He had no trouble remembering his studies, he could recall word for word what the text said. He comprehended theory that his year mates had trouble getting a grip on. His favorite class was physics though. He already knew that he wanted to go into some field of theoretical physics. He wanted to be a PhD. A respected authority figure that people could turn to for advice. Despite some disagreement from his current peers when he was initially installed into their class they looked to him when they were unsure. His teachers praised his work and breathtaking despite the lack of effort he put into it. It was easy. He simply looked at it and noticed something that made sense. The logical conclusion. He didn't fully understand how it was so hard for everyone else. Even his teacher missed some aspects that Harry corrected for him. Harry had the decency to feel bad for the man when the class laughed. The teacher smiled happily, waving off their laughter, and just told him that he wasn't as smart as Harry. He knew more than enough to teach and be happy but once Harry got to university the man knew that the boy would quickly bypass him. Harry glowed under the praise. Unfortunately, despite all his academic success, he had few friends. He didn't get to go out at home, his 'family' didn't let him go out and risk the neighbors seeing him so he didn't know any of the other children. In school, he progressed too fast for any of his acquaintances to become more than that. Anyone that approached him wasn't looking for friendship. They wanted his help with a project or homework. He was a means to an end to them, not a person. Really though, normal people didn't progress as quickly as he did. The conversations he had with his classmates bored him. They started on something outside of school and he'd distance himself from it because education was his life. If they started on the school work he'd get excited and go on and on and eventually get over their head. Nobody could match him. Nobody could keep him satisfied. University was entirely different that any other schooling he'd done. It was also so much more enlightening. He'd tested out of so many classes that it had left the counselors gaping like fish. The classes he was placed into were far more challenging than any of his previous, for the first two weeks. By then he'd finished the textbook and could quote the text. He was able to give definitions and even original tricks to help him remember certain things. Everyone was, naturally, amazed at his academic prowess. So amazed, in fact, that his teachers would clear parts of their schedule when he asked for private help. They found themselves having intense debates with the young boy that they were often on the losing side of. His eleventh birthday was approaching quickly though, and he was in one of the campus labs working on a miniature field. He'd had an idea for a game. Just something that popped into his mind. It felt familiar but he couldn't place it so he just did what he did best and went to the lab. "Harry!" His heart lurched at the noise. He turned around immediately to see his professor standing in the door the older man smiled kindly at him before walking over to him. He set down a few notebooks and the course book that Harry himself had. "Not very surprised to see you here lad. What are we looking at then?" he asked as he looked at Harry's small field. "Just a little game I'm trying to work on, Sir. I'm afraid it's not going to be finished for quite some time." Harry responded as he moved to the side so his professor could see it properly. "The idea is to have the stick move." he pointed to the small twig of metal floating over a large magnet. "After I figure out how to do that I had wanted to make a ball move around the field. It would only be capable of preset movements and the goal would be to catch the ball." He picked up a miniature basket that fit between his fingers, "This would go on the tip of the stick to grab it." He shrugged as he moved to give the man a chance to examine it. He didn't have much more to do anyway so the man's appearance hadn't been ill-timed. A few assignments and then he'd have to go home. He tried not to spend too much time there. As little as possible most days. But he still had to sleep somewhere. "This is marvelous Harry." The man said suddenly. He looked to the boy and saw the quiet pride. "I have some students who I'd imagine would be able to help with your movement problems. I'd be happy to introduce them if you'd be willing to allow others into this little project." Harry's eyebrows rose at that. He'd planned on doing it all on his own. That would have taken a long time though. A team though. "That sounds wonderful Sir." He laughed quietly to himself as he copied the student's names and contact information onto a clean sheet of paper. "Here you are." He said, sliding the paper into Harry's waiting hands. "Now, my curiosity is satisfied, I'll toddle off. Wouldn't want to take up too much of your time, would we." "You're no bother at all, Sir." Harry folded the note and pocketed it before moving to put away the field. "I'm about done here anyway. Heading up to the library to finish some homework." "Of course. Can't let a mind like yours go stale. It would be such a terrible waste" His birthday came quickly. Harry found himself sitting alone on the edge of campus. He needed a quiet place to study before finals and with the rest of campus in such a fuss the library was much too crowded. He wasn't expecting the finals to be for too challenging but he was hoping for a surprise. He'd begun correcting his teachers again so, hopefully, they would pull something out of their obscure file that he would have to figure out on spot. He still had to go through his dissertation but he felt more than prepared for it. He'd written it on the idea of controlling matter at the molecular level. He'd gone into a depth he hadn't originally planned on but one he'd started he'd become possessed with the ideas. Controlling the functions of atoms could allow for almost anything. You could turn air into water, turn water to lava. His professor had been awed by the idea but had informed him that the