A/N: Might be a one-shot, possible second chapter. Let me know your thoughts! "And that's why I never thought to invite you, Ronald!" came the inevitable scream, where fury intermingled with overpowering aggravation and ended up sounding a bit like a growl. Hermione Granger hated how riled up he could get her. How absurdly one-sided his argument was, how extraordinarily smug yet juvenile he came across. Most especially, she hated how she couldn't just stop trying to get in the last word. Despite the mild buzz from the alcohol that was still humming through her brain, causing an ever so slight feeling of cotton filling up space in her head, the anger she felt coursing through her blood was quite sobering. She saw the flat with heightened clarity – every little detail felt sharp and painful. The harsh light from the kitchen, the precarious shelf of books that looked like it might topple over if one more volume were to be added, the too-warm temperature that likely explained the pile of crumpled clothes scattered about…all of it annoyed her more than it should, and certainly more than it normally did when they would row like this. After such an eventful day she desperately wanted to shed the pale lilac dress she adorned and pull on one of his absurdly soft t-shirts, as she'd done the past six nights in a row, but fought the urge to even so much as take off her shoes. She couldn't give him the satisfaction of thinking she'd be staying the night after how he'd behaved, though there was the nagging dread of what her alternative would be. The irritating truth was that she didn't really have many other options, though she certainly didn't care to admit that now. Everyone and every place felt connected to Ron. "You mean to tell me that you actually think I give a damn that you didn't invite me to your little work date? Blimey, Hermione, use that clever mind of yours – " "Then why are you acting this way?" she screeched, marching several steps closer to him, her voice bouncing off the pale walls like an exasperated shadow. "I can't stand when you shout at me like this! You acted barbaric tonight, Ron. Honestly, it was humiliating!" "Keep your voice down," he snapped, "I show up there, of all places, to find you with him , and you're tipsy! Merlin knows what state you'd be in now if I hadn't intervened. And don't stand there like you are so…so bloody right all the time!" " Me? !" She couldn't believe her ears. A thousand irate replies flew through her head but all she could muster was a fitful wail. Her hands balled into fists and she felt the sting of tears. No, hold it together, Hermione. Don't allow him to win. He always gets to call you the emotional one. She took in the young man before her. Ronald Weasley had certainly grown up in terms of appearance. His usually overgrown ginger hair had been cut short, accentuating his strong jaw and muscled upper body. Auror training had turned Ron's body into a stronger version of the boy she knew a year ago – his stature had improved and he seemed even taller than before, though she knew he wasn't. Of course they had seen each other at holidays and occasionally met up at Hogsmeade, but it was only in the last week following the completion of her final year at school that she'd been able to appreciate being around Ron long enough to notice the changes in his body. His voice had deepened – something she found incredibly attractive, though she'd yet to confess that to him. He was breathing heavily, arms restless. Since they'd crossed paths twenty minutes ago in Diagon Alley, Ron had been just as worked up as she. His navy sweatshirt looked smart on him, though it was much too warm for the late June weather. She imagined him pulling it off the floor of his messy bedroom as he rushed out to track her down tonight. His face was several shades redder than usual – Hermione could practically feel the anger radiating off him from two meters away. Taking a deep breath, she swallowed the lump in her throat and tried to keep her voice level. He met her eyes and she blinked, straining to come up with adequate words. "Ron, I promise you that I'm sincerely not trying to fight with you right now," she began, flinching when she heard him chuckle bitterly. "It's your choice whether to believe me or not. I hope by now that you'd learn to trust me. Since it was my first day there, he was kind enough to take me out since we didn't have much time to sit down today and talk. It was strictly professional!" Believe me, Ron she prayed silently. A part of her longed to tell him about the rest of her day – details about her new teammates, the cases she'd get to help with. She'd been keen to get home (well, her temporary one at least) to tell him all about it over a late dinner. Of course, Hermione hadn't thought it would end up a screaming match in the middle of the flat. "Hermione, that's the sodding problem! Maybe you'd understand that if you didn't drink so much tonight and would stop talking for five seconds," he barked, taking a step closer towards her – so close she could feel a miniscule speck of saliva hit her face as he shouted. She was rendered speechless, which gave him the opportunity to take a labored breath and continue. "It's only been a little over a year ! While you've been all cozied up at Hogwarts, we've seen what kind of – of horrible things are still out there! What lengths Voldemort's former followers have gone to in order to hide from us. It's been hell , Hermione, and I'm not even allowed to talk about it with you!" Hermione opened her mouth to speak, but Ron quickly cut her off. "You need to trust me that it's still not safe to go gallivanting around with the first randy wizard who asks you to drinks! If you'd only had just listened to me this morning when I told you to come straight back here after work – " " Randy?! You just sound ridiculous now, Ron!" She cried, feeling insecurity begin to bubble up along with her fury. Did he seriously think that Lionel Jacoby, her new supervisor within the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures had taken her out for a few drinks after her first day because he wanted to get in her knickers? "That's low, Ron, even for you to say. You know how important this day was for me, how badly I wanted to make a good impression!" "Who takes their new, I'm sorry…what's your role again? Administration Assistant or something?" Ron paused, sounding unsure of himself as he moved to scratch his head. Hermione let out an angry sob. He didn't even remember her title! It was her very first job, one she'd ensured Ron was the first to know about weeks ago before telling anyone else. He had sounded so delighted for her, so invested. They'd both be at the Ministry, along with Harry! Hope seemed contagious as they dreamed of helping restore the British Wizarding community together, alongside those who'd survived the ghastly War. Eager letters back and forth to plan her indefinite stay at Ron and Harry's flat and their wonderfully sweet reunion in London had been short-lived indeed. It broke her heart. She wished very desperately to correct him on her title, but instead hung her head and crossed her arms tightly across her chest. Crippling sadness overpowered her, and she continued to fight back the scorching tears that were staring to betray her resolve. Without bothering to wait for her reply, Ron kept going. She felt a tremendous urge to smack him. "That blundering idiot should know it's not safe yet to go into dodgy places like the White Rat, for Merlin's sake. Do you know who the owner is, Hermione? Do you?" Ron bellowed, stepping now within arm's length of her. She refused to lift her gaze from the ground, not wanting to reveal her pinched face. "He's the brother of that cocksucker Macnair, who escaped capture last year with all of the others. That's why we've been in there! That's why I flipped the hell out and brought you back here, dammit!" Hermione's heart stopped. Of course, she couldn't have known all this. She cautiously raised her eyes to meet his, both pairs full of fire. "I could tell you drank too much. It was obvious, the way you kept laughing and how red your face is. It makes me sick to think of you like that, just like a sitting duck for anyone to come along and recognize you," Ron seethed, shaking his head. "Ron, I think I had two glasses of wine. That hardly counts – " "Try three." "Now how could you possibly – " "See, you lied to me! I knew it was more!" "Do you even hear yourself right now?" Hermione cried, lifting her hands to cover her face in frustration. Her emotions felt like molten lava, churning and ready to spew everywhere. She had, in fact, had two glasses of wine and one very strong shot of brandy. She'd forgotten, not intended to lie. And while she had felt the alcohol beginning to set in, her plan was to apparate back to the apartment soon so she could see Ron. He'd been on her mind at the exact moment he stormed into the pub just across from the Ministry, making a fool of himself as he aggressively pulled Hermione from an innocent conversation with her colleague. He had made her feel like a child missing curfew, and worst of all he was rude to her new boss. She inwardly groaned thinking about how she was going to apologize on behalf of Ron tomorrow at her second day of work when she saw Lionel again. "I don't give a rat's arse how I sound. And stop looking at me like that!" Ron turned suddenly and made for his bedroom down the hall, leaving the brunette to yell down the hall at his retreating back. "Running away, Ronald? Why is this so difficult ? Do you realize how childish you're being?" Her voice was strained now, and her throat hurt to swallow. Angrily she went about heating the kettle in the tiny kitchen, slamming cabinet doors as she went. So consumed was she with all that had just transpired that she didn't even hear the faint pop as her other best friend appeared. "Hermione! How was it?" Harry enthusiastically exclaimed upon seeing her, dropping his bag onto the couch and kicking off his shoes in the corner. His raven hair was till unkempt, but also shorter than it had always been due to the auror training requirements. Bounding over to her, Hermione quickly took a shaky breath to compose herself and act decent for her best friend. He landed a quick kiss to her cheek and she forced a counterfeit smile onto her face. "Hi," Hermione whispered, suddenly feeling very small and uncomfortable in the flat belonging to her best friends. She busied herself pouring Harry a cup of tea, avoiding eye contact for the time being but knowing it was inevitable. "Well? Go on, then!" he urged, "I tried seeing if I could sneak away to come visit your office but they kept us so busy today," Harry said, stretching his arms high above his head. Hermione carried two steaming mugs to the small table and pulled a chair out, sitting down gingerly. "It was just wonderful, Harry, thank you for asking," she began, a real smile quickly replacing