"'And I think,' said Bellatrix's voice, 'we can dispose of the Mudblood. Greyback, take her if you want her.'" (DH, pg 382, UK edition) With a dull thud, Ron's knees slammed onto the cold, soft sand. The familiar claustrophobic feeling of apparition had turned his insides more than ever. He took just a moment to close his eyes and pray that he hadn't been splinched, or…her. Especially her. He was afraid to look at her, to see what state she was in. Anxiety roared about him, carrying the horrors and chaos from the previous setting to the peaceful, sandy beach. The sky was cloudless – a dull, misty white that sharply contrasted the dark green dunes. The realization that he'd somehow landed them in the right place was enough to release a loud breath of relief, but the lump his in throat grew as he feared whatever revelations might come. Did they all make it? Would she open her eyes? Did Greyback possibly get to her before they were able to? With that thought, he let out a low cry, roaring with red-hot anger at what could have been had they been a millisecond too late. Was Bill even home? God, but that didn't matter. Nothing did but her . He choked back a sob as he crawled closer to the body a few feet in front of him. Trying not to work himself into a panic, he wiped his snotty mess of a face with the back of his ragged shirt, eyes almost teary as he squinted through the natural light and strong, salty breeze. Little torrents of wind made hissing noises that blew about Ron's ears, combined with the roaring tide – the sound instantly reminding him of the horrible guilt he felt while staying with Bill and Fleur not too long ago. The tangible grief of loneliness and isolation from being apart from his truest friends hit him in the chest. Hermione. Oh, gods. She looked like a ragdoll, her body splayed before him like one of Ginny's old playthings he used to step over at the Burrow as a child. Her hair was wildly strewn about, and her pretty face – gods, the face he adored so much it hurt – was deathly pale. Her neck was still bleeding, but the cut wasn't deep. Was she also wet? Ron couldn't imagine how she could have gotten misted from the sea when they were still quite far from the shore, till he realized it was a sheen of sweat that covered her face. He leaned his head down close to her chest, desperate to hear her breathing. Her lips were parted, and Ron nearly punched the ground with frustration as he realized how insanely unqualified he was to offer any sort of help to her, should her petite body require resuscitation. His shaking arms rushed out, scooping her up under the armpits and carrying her like one would a sleeping toddler. How light she was! Ron's arms circled her back as he held her to him, his large left hand resting just below her hip as his forearm supported her weight and his other arm clasped tightly around her upper back. Hermione's head flopped to his neck, her hair blowing up in the breeze to swirl around Ron's jaw. Her arms didn't go around his neck like he'd hoped but instead hung against his chest, and he stood so fast from his position in the sand he nearly toppled over. His trainers dragged heavier through the sand than he'd expected, but he tensed and focused harder on walking straight towards the house. "Be careful, you idiot . You'll hurt her more!" He murmured under his breath as he narrowly avoided tripping again. Even as he was walking as fast as his legs could carry him, he listened for her breathing. While he didn't hear anything, he felt the flight rise and fall of her chest. Why does she feel so light ? Had she lost that much weight this past year? He decided to speak softly in her ear as he continued walking briskly towards Shell Cottage. "'Mione? Can you wake for me…please? I've got you, I've got you, love. Can I hear your pretty voice, Hermione?" he croaked, hoping beyond reason that she would stir in his arms and wrap her legs tight around his waist. He felt like he was going to break her, she was so light. Her head, however, felt heavy against his neck, which made him begin to feel nauseous. She didn't lift her head, but he swore he heard a light whimper. His heart did a summersault. "Almost there, I've got you. Can you talk, please? Can you tell me how you feel, 'Mione?" He whispered, quickening his pace but also glancing down to make sure he was talking right at her ear. Immediately, he heard that same whimper as before, but she held it out a second longer. It turned to a groan as Ron shifted her slightly in his arms, reaching to knock loudly on the sturdy front door. While he was trying to pull his head back enough to get a glimpse of her face, Fleur's ghastly pale face suddenly appeared as she wrenched open the door. The next few moments felt like a blur to Ron. He pushed past her, demanding Bill come at once. It was shocking to walk into the rustic old cottage, with its worn wood and cozy furniture in comparison to where he'd stood moments before. If being held captive and tortured wasn't enough, even the horrific, suffocating, damp atmosphere of Malfoy Manor was enough to flip Ron's stomach. With a shudder, the memory of that goddamn chandelier crashing filled his mind. "Bill! I need you!" his voice broke, a sob choking him as he squeezed Hermione a bit tighter to him. Fleur remained speechless, but came closer to examine Hermione's face from behind Ron's back. " Bill! " he roared, growing more desperate. Fleur began muttering in French and her eyes widened as she took in the others still on the beach behind Ron. Sick of waiting, Ron charged up the steps and fumbled with the familiar doorknob to the first room on the left. He kicked open the door, bile rising in his throat as he considered what to do next. This was where he'd stayed last time. It was a dark blue wallpapered guest room with a steep slanting wall on the right side, simply decorated unlike the other girly one down the hall that Fleur had clearly designed, which reminded him too much of Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop. Ron gingerly laid Hermione down on the bed, trepidation clouding his mind as he realized he hadn't a clue what to do next. He sunk to his knees, eyes frantically scanning her body for anything, anything he could fix. He settled on untying her trainers, slipping them off her feet and letting them clamor to the floor. "'Mione, please, I need you to wake up. You hear me? I need you, please , to wake up," he choked, his hands desperately tugging his hair. Again, there was that awful whimper – so unlike any noise Hermione ever made. Ron's hand reflexively went to cup her cheek, his thumb stroking the soft space under her right eye. She remained flat on her back, unmoving, eyes still shut but her mouth closed. Her fingers were curled, and absolutely filthy. Blood was smattered on her face and clothes, but he hadn't a clue whose it might be – perhaps a mixture of hers and Griphook's, and anyone in the general vicinity when the chandelier had fallen. Ron's eyes stung as they filled with tears to see her so… vulnerable . There were sharp cuts and scrapes all over her face and hands – anywhere her adorable sweatshirt and jean jacket wasn't covering. He used his hands to wipe some of the miniscule pieces of broken glass from her jacket, fearing there may be more glass embedded in her skin. Ron secretly loved her style – while probably most would have dismissed Hermione as completely uninterested in what she wore, Ron knew she dressed classically…and loved her for it. She was good at enhancing the beauty of her face and hair. Gods, her hair . "Still beautiful, eh?" he chuckled, smoothing some stray hairs that had stuck to her sweaty forehead. Suddenly, Ron realized there was definitely something he could do! Very carefully, he reached for the precious beaded bag (incredibly impressed that she managed to keep it on her during the entire ordeal) and carried it over to the dresser, which held a porcelain basin. He muttered a quick aguamenti and warmed it with Wormtail's wand. Could he trust this bloody thing and his shaken hand to perform a few spells on Hermione? " Accio dittany! Accio flannel !" When both items easily soared onto the table with the basin, Ron breathed a sigh of relief. Surely it would be fine, right? He carried the items carefully across the room and laid them on the floor next to the bed. "Don't bugger this up," Ron murmured as he gripped the wand, glancing down at Hermione's lovely face. Another thirty seconds passed when he realized he couldn't do it…he wasn't prepared to have magic harm her anymore today, even if it was accidental. "Fleur?" He yelled from the doorway, grateful to hear her footsteps quickly getting louder as soon as she'd heard him. She didn't hesitate to walk right up to Hermione, peering down at her as Ron wrung his hands, willing her to help. "Eez it alright if I just, er…?" Fleur meant it less as a question and more as a warning. His ears turned bright red and he turned around, busying himself with the beaded bag once more and pulling out a change of clothes for himself. He wanted to make sure no glass was stuck to him while he was so close to Hermione. " Diffindo! Scourgify! Episkey !" Ron could hear Fleur casting each spell quietly, taking in the injuries that remained when Hermione's clothes, dirt, and minor cuts were no longer obstructing her view. He was itching to turn around but wasn't sure how exposed Hermione might be. He knew she'd be mortified to wake up nearly starkers in front of people, so he did his best to try and think of what might be in the bag for him to change into and not Hermione in her current state. "Ron? Don't look yet. Go into my room and get ze dressing gown from –" "Right!" Ron sprinted down the hall, peering into Bill and Fleur's master bedroom and thanking his lucky stars that a pale pink dressing gown was hanging from a hook on the back of the door and that he wasn't going to have to rifle through his sister-in-law's drawer of – unmentionables . He was glad the dressing gown was soft and clean, wishing he knew an incantation to make it even more comfortable. He locked eyes while handing it to Fleur, careful to look at the floor after she took it from his hands. Hermione's tattered clothes lay on the ground, everything besides her socks. He quickly scooped them up and moved to place them in the corner of the room. He could hear Fleur grunt as she tried to lift Hermione to a setting position, and realized rather quickly that any fantasy he ever had of a seventeen-year-old naked Hermione in the same room as him was ridiculously irrelevant right now. This was a bloody war, and she was still frustratingly unconscious. "Here, let me hold her up while you do it…" he coaxed gently, motioning for Fleur to move over while he sat on the bed with his back against the headboard and gently supported her head, his hands looking comically large against Hermione's tiny neck and back. Fleur quickly dressed her