Pictor Ignotus Chapter One—Mama-Coddle Meter 8888888888888888888888888888888888 A/N: Hello, everyone, and welcome to my story, which I must say, is of a type that I've never ventured into before; in other words, it's in MY realm. Not Middle Earth. Well, let's not say that just yet, but I will say that it's Legolas that does the traveling this time. Yes, I know, it's another one of those Done-to-Death story lines that everyone wants to experiment with, but just calm down and maybe you'll find something interesting in my little tale; if not the charming tapestry of my own made-up, completely original story, then perhaps the life I give to these characters. Now I won't say there won't be any fluff or cliché ness in this story, because, no matter how hard I try, stuff like that tends to slip out every once and a while, even though I do my best to repress it. This story is not meant to be a full-fledged novel or be held up against the light to the masterpieces that Tolkien created. I won't even kid myself on my talent comparing to his in any way, so please don't expect this to be fully canon all the time or conform to every single preference you have as a reader, because I'm different than you, and I write differently than everyone else. This isn't an excuse for bad grammar or anything, I'm simply saying that this story is probably not going to meet your full expectations of the perfect fic since it probably won't even fulfill my own. This is why I don't like flames. They accomplish nothing. They don't help the writer in any way, shape, or form. But if you happen to have any constructive criticism I shall be glad to take it (not flames disguised as constructive criticism.), especially since that's another reason I write stories on fanfiction: to improve. So, without further ado, I present to you my story: Pictor Ignotus, meaning: painter unknown. Disclaimer-Hey, guess what? I don't own Legolas or any other piece of Tolkien's magnum opus; surprise, surprise. 888888888888888888888888888888888888 I was halfway tempted to just let my head smack the steering wheel in front of me as I wearily turned my blue pathfinder right onto the crater-ridden dirt road. The small SUV jumped shakily and dust kicked up in the air behind me. That in itself was enough to remind me I was no longer in the city anymore. It was relieving, yet at the same time it only reminded me of why I was here, and I quickly batted away those worries, knowing full well they would not help me in the least. Instead, I watched the passing scenery with some awe. On either side of me great oaks grew tall, their branches hanging over the road; so close to me they nearly scraped the car's top. Light spilled through their canopy of nature giving an ethereal look to the road before me, and I marveled at the beauty of the country. Vines also seemed to be pretty abundant; ground cover that grasped onto the trees and climbed up, providing even more green beauty. Past the oak trees I could see a long, orange valley that had little occupation except for more random oak trees and some carefree horses that grazed at will. That made me smile, at least. Maybe I'd ride a few times while I was down here…Lord knows I really needed to after not having sat on a horse in over four years. I suddenly became aware of reality again, and the light sound of my radio playing seemed to be the cause. "…Wake me up when Septem—" ..Click.. I hated that song. I was getting close to the house now. Flicking open my cell phone, I hit speed-dial and waited as it rang. Two rings later, a kind, old woman's voice answered, obviously pleased at her caller. "I'm nearly there now, grandma. I just called to let you know." "'Course, dear. Clarence is outside near the barn by now, so, if you would, go fetch him real quick 'fore he tries to walk back on that bad knee o' his. Old, stubborn coot won't admit to it botherin' him, but I know better, yes, I do." "Alright, I will," I couldn't contain the slight amusement in my voice as grandma spoke in her irritated, yet loving voice, "I'll get him. See you in a few minutes. Love you." Speeding up a little, I watched as the road made a turn and up ahead the trees cleared slightly and a large wooden building came into view. It was an old barn bereft of paint, though at some time it may not have been. A similarly old tractor was driving into the large doors near the front, its huge tires churning slowly before it disappeared into the barn with a rumble that I could hear even in my SUV. grandpa , I thought with great fondness. I'd missed everything to do with this place so much. Funny how I hadn't even realized my own longing for it in such a lengthy amount of time. My grandparents' place spoke of childhood, freedom, carelessness, bliss, and, yes, it also had a tinge of sorrow to it. However, despite its bittersweet greeting, it was already a welcome change in atmosphere from that of my own unorganized and cluttered life in Atlanta. Beside the barn was another building less than half its size: the bunkhouse, my temporary abode. It was pleasant enough; filed with memorabilia my grandmother had gathered from garage sales and other places over the years. None of it matched, of course, but that only added to its homely feel, or at least for me it did. The Pathfinder drove up the rest of the driveway leading to the barn. Parking next to the barn doors, I got out of the car and walked--covering my mouth with my hand because of the infernal dust--into the barn's open doors. "grandpa!" I called, looking into the gloom of the barn with only a few slants of sunlight shining in through old boards in the barn to aid my eyesight. A crash was heard, and I smiled as I heard my grandfather cursing like a sailor at some helpless, inanimate object. "That you, Iorwen?" I winced at the sound of my name spilling out in his heavy southern accent. I loved my grandpa, but he sure knew how to butcher someone's name. But then again, so did everyone else. I'd yet to meet someone who could correctly pronounce my name and give it its actual meaning: "beautiful." It also meant, "lord", and, I must say, I was a little fonder of that meaning than the other. I'd always liked to think of myself as being a leader. "Yes, it's me," I replied, assuring him. "This damn Garden Hog always gets in my goddamn way…" He proceeded to go into another cussing rampage. I was suddenly worried, "You didn't hurt you knee did you, grandpa? Grandma sent me here first to get you 'cause she said you were having difficulty with it…" "That woman's just done en got a bee in her bonnet, s'all. There ain't nuthin' wrong with my knee. I'm just as fit as I was forty years ago." More inaudible grumbling, and began to remember with more clarity now why I loved him so much. He suddenly emerged from behind the tractor, his mission—whatever it had been—now ended, so that he could see me. I hugged him quickly, relishing his distinct grandpa smell: tobacco (not particularly a wonderful smell, but it was his), burnt oak, the scent of horse, and circus peanuts: his favorite candy in the whole world. He ate them like them like most old people took pills. He constantly had a pack with him, usually when he was planting the fields or feeding the horses. He hugged me back hard, and a smile was on his ruddy façade, "It's good to see you here again, girl. Your grandma's near gone crazy not seein' any o' her grandchildren." "Well, I'm going to fix that," I said, knowing that I needed her company again just as much as she wanted mine. He put an arm around my shoulder, and we ambled over to my SUV, though he looked reluctantly and distastefully at it. Again, muttering something about "that daggome worryin' woman." We climbed into the car and continued the drive to the house, which was really just a quarter of a mile away. It came into view soon; a charming two-story farm home that wouldn't have looked out of a place in a story like Little House on the Prairie. Painted white with green trim and shutters, and flowerbeds that encircled most of its perimeter, it all came together for an image that could leave one gaping, wondering if they were really in the 21st century, for here time seemed to stand still. Not many other areas were blessed with this attribute, and the perfect couple living inside it only added to its appeal. There was a chicken coop off to the house's right, which is where I spotted grandma, heading back from the coop with a grin on her face and a basket in her hands. Grandma was the exact image of my hopes for physical appearance in later life. Her white hair was long and pulled up into a bun as she worked. Her smooth, slightly wrinkled skin was warm to the touch, and a glimmer of laughter was always in her vibrant green eyes, only waiting to be released at the slightest joy. Slim of figure from bustling around in work so much, one could still see the old woman's youthful beauty, like as though it was only shrouded behind a gossamer curtain. I parked the car again under their small carport. Grandma met us and I hugged her warmly. She patted me on the cheek fondly before telling me how glad she was to see me. "Lord knows I could use some more female company around here, it just being me and this cantankerous male." I failed to conceal my amusement when I heard grandpa give a low "harrumph." Upon entering the house, I was overcome with such a wave of memories that for a moment all I could do was stand in the doorway drinking in the beautiful sight of my grandparents' home. "Well, come on in, sweetheart. I've already got dinner ready and I don't want it gettin' cold." I nodded dumbly, overcome with the sentiment that had just run over me like a head-on with another car. grandma's cooking was, of course, just as good as I remembered it. I stuffed myself full of rolls, green beans, home-style sweet corn, and beef. Once finished, I leaned back in my high-backed chair gratefully and took another draught of tea. "You ready, girl?" grandpa asked, quite unexpectedly, I must tell you. "For what…?" I asked tentatively, wondering if I'd completely forgotten something important and whether grandpa would be angry with that. "To go saddle up Fara. I figured you'd be wantin' to ride her soon enough. And what better day to do it than now? There's an awfully beautiful sunset comin' on; I can see its color peekin' through the top o' that window." He pointed to the small kitchen window over the sink, and sure enough, hues of pink and orange were seeping through the glass and painting that part of the room in a delicate radiance. Finding the idea enchanting, I hastily nodded and turned to my grandfather with a look of delight on my face. "I'd love to." And that was all he needed to hear. Standing up from the table, he brushed himself off promptly and looked at me steadily. "Well, I'll just go bring her in from the pasture. You go on into the barn and find that blasted saddle. There should also be a halter, and you can