A Real Hero The first they knew of it was when Paul didn't come home from work on time. Seventeen year-old Percy Jackson was lying on the sofa, watching a trashy action movie, while his Mom was leisurely preparing dinner. The living room of their apartment was positioned diagonally across from the kitchen area, so that Percy's Mom was just in the periphery of his vision as he relaxed. As far as Percy was concerned, the film he was watching was a work of art. Its main character had just rediscovered a sliver of hope and was about to pursue that sliver into the castle where he was born, and where he would have to fight demons that were responsible for the fate of his family. Even if not the most deep and meaningful film, the absurd action scenes more than made up for any lack of insight into the human condition. Any risks that its violence would prove too close to home were nullified by the ridiculous excess with which it was executed. However, he grew distracted by a movement in the corner of his eye, and shifted his gaze from the hero's preparations for the final battle over to the kitchen, where his Mom was glancing worriedly at the clock what seemed to be every five seconds. "Everything alright?" he asked. His Mom puffed out her cheeks. "Yes. No. Maybe. It's probably nothing. It's just that Paul should have been home fifteen minutes or so ago. He'll be fine, I'm sure, but… I worry." Percy was sure she didn't mean to, but there seemed to be an unspoken part of that sentence that pointed out that living with a demigod son endangered everyone involved. "He's probably just stuck in traffic," he offered. "It's a Friday." "True. I imagine we can leave it a little longer before we panic." She gave him a smile of reassurance, though he suspected it was more for her sake than for his. He wasn't even close to panicking. After all, traffic jams happen. Nevertheless, he nodded and gave an "Uh-huh" to show his assent. Then he thought for another moment. "I could call him up if you want? Just to check." His Mom smiled at him gently. "No, Percy, he might be driving. As I said, we'll leave it a little longer. It's probably just traffic, or some student's handed in an assignment late that he needs marked by tomorrow. "Students are the worst," said Percy, and was glad to see her crack a smile. He went back to watching the film. The minutes ticked past as the hero found his father locked in the castle dungeons and fought the demon in the throne room, and as the chicken breasts were seasoned and blue food dye was added to the pan. When Percy's eyes drifted back to the clock, he was shocked to see that half an hour had passed. It was half-five already, and no smiling stepfather had emerged through the door. "I'm going to call him," announced his Mom. She set the phone onto speaker and dialled Paul's mobile, leaving it on the table as it rang so she could work around it. Beep beep. Beep beep. Beep beep. Beep beep. Beep - Click . "Paul, are you there?" she asked. "You've got gold, girl," came the voice on the other end. Both of them froze. Percy noticed two things about it at once: the first was that it was not Paul's voice. The second was that its words were a statement, not a question. He got up slowly and made his way over to the kitchen. "Is this Paul's phone?" he asked, praying to Tyche, goddess of luck, that his Mom had called the wrong number, that they'd stumbled onto someone else's business, and that his stepfather was just stuck in traffic. Tyche never had liked Percy much. There was muffled speech at the other end of the line before the voice spoke again. "Yeah, says he's called Paul." Percy wasn't sure if the chills on his spine were from the voice's painful, rasping quality, or from the confirmation of the danger his stepfather found himself in. "Let him go," he said. "Why should we? What's he to you, anyway? Family?" "Yeah, we're his family," replied Percy. "So you let him go, or else I will personally come down there and kill each and every one of you." The voice laughed. "Feisty one, ain't you?" "I'm waiting for an answer," said Percy. "Well like I said to the girl, you've got gold." "Gold?" asked Percy. "Don't play stupid," came the voice. "His pockets're full of coins. Real gold, it looks, worth more than most earn in a year. I'd bet that you've got more." "And you want it." "And we want it. So you just trot over here, with a nice big bag of that money, and don't be stingy – we'll know. Then, if we think there's enough in there to be worth our time, we'll see about letting daddy go." "Listen-" Percy's Mom began, but he cut her off. "Oh, I can come down straight away," said Percy. "Where do we meet?" Sally had never seen her son like this. She had seen him angry for so long at Gabe, and at the bullies and teachers who belittled and refused to accept him. She had seen him scared and desperate, as when they'd had to flee the Minotaur. She had even seen him as a warrior, in the midst of the Battle of Manhattan, when he was fighting for his own life and that of the whole world. Honestly, up until today, Sally would have said she knew her son as well as she knew herself. But he had never even interrupted her before, not since he was a little child. Now he was consumed with a sort of cold fury. Everything about him was tightly controlled as he packed a bag with nectar and ambrosia. The ADHD that normally kept him drumming his fingers incessantly or tapping his foot repeatedly was gone, and instead, despite the still-constant movement, there was a smoothness in his actions. She could see his anger, though, from the tight cords in his neck. "Percy," she said. "These are mortals. Wouldn't it be better to call the police and let them deal with it?" He looked up at her, and as he breathed in, his shoulders rose and fell. She wondered when they had grown so high and broad. She wondered how she had managed to miss so much of his life. Even so, she knew his answer before he gave it. "No," he said. "I got him into this. I'll get him out." "You didn't get Paul into this, Percy." "Yes I did. Those drachmas were in case he ever needed to contact me. So I could keep him safe. And instead, they've got him kidnapped. I can't just sit back and watch things happen." "You couldn't have known-" "I should have, alright?" Sally blinked at the sudden aggression of his interruption. Percy flinched back, as though scared of what he'd just done. His eyes softened from the wild intensity they'd held before. There was still that fractured look at their very core, though, the one that had been there since the giant war. "I'm sorry," he said. "I'm not a good person anymore." "Percy-" "I'm not," he repeated, voice rising. "Maybe I was once. Maybe I was a hero when I fought in Manhattan. Maybe even on the quest to Alaska, but ever since Tartarus, I just don't know what's right or wrong anymore, and I don't know how to cope with all the dreams and the flashbacks and it's driving me insane!" He paused for breath, standing there, his eyes wide and panicked. "I get people hurt. I always have. Bianca, Silena, Leo, all of them my fault. Even you, when Hades took you, and that was my fault too. It would have been better if I was never born." He carried on speaking before Sally had a chance to try and contradict him again. "But here I am, and I have to live with all these that are my fault, and so all I can do now is my best to stop anyone else from being hurt. I've got to go and get Paul back. No-one can do this for me. I've got drachmas in my room, they should be enough. It's like I told him," he said, gesturing to the phone on the table, "Paul's family." "Percy-" "Don't try and stop me, Mom." She hadn't been planning to. She stepped forward and wrapped him in a hug. She wished that she never had to let go. "Percy, you are a good person. You're more than that, you're a hero. I know it's been difficult recently, but I just want you to know that I am so, so proud of you. No matter what. And again, you're putting other people before yourself, just like you always have." She pulled back and looked into those pained green eyes that looked so much like his father's. Sally wondered, for the first time in seventeen years, if she should have taken Poseidon's offer of a palace under the sea. "Just be safe. Promise me you'll come home in one piece." He nodded. It was jerky and uncertain, but then he said "I will," and she knew it was a promise he would move mountains to keep. Because even if her son had been through hell and back, she knew that he was still a hero. All she had to do was hold onto the hope that even heroes could have a happy ending, sometimes. Paul was struggling to work out what had happened. Even though he was pretty certain he had the facts straight, he was still having difficulty on the bit where this was real life, and not a dream. The force with which he'd been hit over the head would have woken him up if it was a dream, but he was currently wondering if his current predicament was actually a hallucination caused by having a concussion. Assuming concussions could give you hallucinations, that was. He'd been walking peacefully home along the street, but running slightly late, so he'd taken a short-cut through an alley to get home that little bit faster. Well, that had been a mistake. One of them had moved out into the middle of the alleyway as Paul was walking along it, blocking the exit. Another had come up behind him and clubbed him over the head, and some time later – he wasn't sure exactly how long, but it seemed to still be daylight outside – he had woken up here. He was in a warehouse or something, a large, bare, concrete room with exposed piping and little furnishing. He seemed to be tied to a pillar in its centre. There were four men in the room, that he could see, all busy around the edges. One seemed to be keeping watch for something through the windows at the very top of the room. Another was carefully taping an explosives to the other pillars in the room, on the sides hidden from the view of someone standing in the large door that was obviously the building's main entrance. Another was tampering with the lock on a side door, though Paul couldn't tell if he was trying to open it, keep it shut, or booby-trap it somehow. The biggest of the gang, the only one who had not been busy at work, rose from his slouch against the wall, and walked over until he was standing over Paul, looking down at his spot against the pillar. "Your guy should be here soon. And if he has enough of those shiny gold coins, then you'll be free to go. I'm sure you'd like that, wouldn't you?" He spoke patronisingly, as though to a child. As though Paul