To See The Human Soul Take Wing Charon takes her drachma, takes her across the Styx without complaint, and Cerberus wags his tail violently at her. He sniffs her excitably, and generally acts like a big, three-headed, poison-saliva-ed puppy. When Annabeth reaches the court where her life will judged, though, her heart is in her mouth. She's spent so long striving for success, to make something lasting, something for which she'll be remembered, that she forgot to ask herself the most important question of all: was it good? All the things she fought so long and so hard for, did they make the world a better place? She stands, fidgeting, beneath the judges' bench. She recognises Minos – the little turd – as well as Shakespeare. She guesses that the other might be King Rhadamanthus, the original judge of the dead, but it could be Aeacus. She hopes that she hasn't accidentally offended either of them, because there's a pretty decent chance Minos bears a minotaur-sized grudge against her. The feeling of animosity, needless to say, is mutual, and the king and the half-blood glare daggers at each other across the room. Fortunately, Annabeth's been an expert in knives ever since she was seven. When Minos shifts in discomfort, she knows she's won, and in the next moment, he looks away, and announces the beginning of the court proceedings. It comes as a surprise when Nico appears beside her. "What are you doing here?" she hisses at him. "Shouldn't you be, I don't know, chilling with Will in Elysium or something?" He shrugs. Even grown up, he's still a little shorter than she is, and so when he meets her gaze, he's looking up to her. She's glad to see it's with a friendly smirk on his face. "You should be glad I'm here. I'm representing you." "That's not how this works," she says, confused. "The judges decide for themselves. There aren't any lawyers in the Underworld. I thought Hades hates lawyers?" "Normally. But when a big name comes through, Father likes to make a show of it. Good PR. People like to see he takes his job seriously." "And lawyers are… showy?" "Apparently. Means you get big arguments. The trial could go on a while, I'm afraid, but we should be done by the end of the day, at least. You don't need toilet breaks when you're dead, which is a blessing." Nico does look dressed for a big occasion, she has to admit. His hair's slicked back – a look that doesn't sit particularly well with the wrinkles on his forehead, but nevertheless gives him an official appearance – and he's in some kind of suit. Possibly Armani? Piper would know. So would Charon, though she shudders at the thought of Nico taking fashion tips from the grim ferryman. If it is Armani, she wonders if he knows the brand went bust a decade back. She won't be the one to tell him, anyway. "So, why are you my lawyer?" "Aren't you happy to see me?" "Of course I am, Nico, but – you know – do you get to pick?" "Oh, I only take the cases I'm interested in. Perks of nepotism, I guess. I haven't done anything in months. But then you come along, and, well, I can't really resist, can I?" "So there's a good chance I've got a rusty lawyer?" "Hey!" Nico looks hurt. "I've been prepping for this for months! I've not lost a case yet either, and anyway, you're probably the easiest – well, second easiest – person I've ever had to rep for." "Who's the easiest then?" Nico raises an eyebrow, as if to say, really ? She changes tack. "So you've just been sitting down here looking forward to my death?" "That's not what I said - " "Oh? That's what it sounded like." "I - " She shakes her head. "Forget it, Nico. Being dead, it makes everything seem, I don't know. Angrier. I don't feel like I was properly finished." "Most people don't." She looks at him. "He did." Nico nods. "He did. He was special." That, at least, they can agree on. "Anyway, who are we up against?" she asks. If she has a defense – or its equivalent – then there must be some kind of prosecution, too. "She's a nasty piece of work. British, her name's Katie. Got famous from a reality TV show, and spent the rest of her life stirring up fear and anger in tabloid newspapers." "Oh." "She's in punishment now, thankfully, but they dig her out whenever they need someone to defend the indefensible, or to attack what anyone with half a brain can see is pure and good and right." Nico thinks she's pure and good and right? That's sweet. She can only hope the judges agree. "Order in the court!" calls Minos, and proceedings begin. Everything's over shockingly quickly. Katie accuses her of never valuing the best things in her life – gods, but that rings too true – but it quickly becomes clear that Nico's done his homework. Somehow, and she doesn't know how, because gods know she's not done that much, but he seems to have an answer to everything. When Katie says that Annabeth was dismissive of those she deemed less intelligent, or less worthy, Nico points out that on both her first and second quests, she worked well in a team where she was less than keen on at least one of the accompanying members. That she saved lives doing so. When Katie says she cut off those who needed her most, Nico brings up Luke. Annabeth feels odd watching her life get dissected before her eyes, but as the court are shown images of her taking the burden of the sky and bringing the son of Hermes back from Kronos' possession, that charge is also dropped. She's accused of being weak, but Nico (gods bless him) gets angry at that. There's a long stream of images from all her life, from when she was seven all the way to when she was eighty. They make her seem impossibly perfect, an Amazonian warrior the likes of which had never been seen before. Katie throws out her last obstacle to Annabeth's route to a peaceful afterlife. "Your honours," says the other woman. "You see, standing before you, a woman who is proud. Fatally proud, perhaps. She believes that she is better not only than we mere humans, not only than other demigods, but greater even that the gods themselves. This is a sin which can only be met with the severest repercussions." And Nico practically explodes. "PROUD!?" he yells, kicking his desk over for good measure. "PROUD!?" he demands, striding up and down before the judges' bench. "Your honours, you see before you Annabeth Chase. She is one of the greatest heroes of her time, and of any time. She is half a goddess, could have been a goddess, deserved to be a goddess, and defeated gods, goddesses and titans through the course of her life. If anyone has the right to be proud, then it is her. "But she is not proud. Not at all. I present my evidence:" and another set of images appear: Annabeth gaping in surprise whenever she received a compliment, shrugging off praise with the assumption that it was hollow, striving for the next step because she'd never done quite enough. Flinching internally at every insult that cut deeper than she let show. Weeping in bed from the nightmares that challenged everything she thought she knew about herself. Finally accepting that she couldn't control the world. The sneaking suspicion that she couldn't even control herself. By the end of the montage before the judges, she could feel tears pricking at the corners of her eyes. She didn't let any of them fall. Nico is still standing front and centre, giving an impassioned defence. "How dare you come here and accuse her of hubris?" he asks Katie. "Where do you find the temerity, the nerve? You see before you a demigod with more reason to be proud than any other, who has even so overcome her pride, pride which we know to be her fatal flaw, and you accuse her of failure in her greatest triumph? Shame on you. Shame on you." He spits on the floor, and stalks back, through the scattered papers on the floor, to his seat next to Annabeth. The verdict is delivered swiftly. Shakespeare is the first to reach a judgement. "Elysium," he says. Annabeth is disappointed that he couldn't give a speech – how often does Shakespeare create new work? but then, even just a mark of approval is pretty good. Moments later, the old Greek – she still isn't certain of his exact identity – also declares her for Elysium, and she's through, no matter what Minos says. The Cretan king takes the longest on his decision by far, and she's certain he'll say punishment just to be cruel and spiteful and prolong her trial. She can sense Nico's impatience growing beside her. "Elysium." It comes out in a quiet mutter, and she almost misses it, but when she realises what Minos has said, and said against all the odds, she's relieved beyond words. "Come on," says Nico, and she allows herself to be dragged through the room, out of the door marked for Elysium. "How did you do it?" she asks. "Do what?" "Get me Elysium. It was incredible. You had an answer for everything." Nico looks at her, confused. "You gave me an answer for everything," he says. "Like I said, you were an easy case." "But – all those things she was saying – there was so much against me..." "Weren't you paying attention?" he asks incredulously. "There was nothing against you. Gods, you've got worse self-esteem problems than – no, that's an exaggeration. Look, she stood there spewing vile lies with no substance and you – not me, you, through the life you lived – proved her wrong on every count. She's finished now, thanks to you. I've been trying to get her thrown off the team ever since she got Bill Gates sent to punishment. I mean, you might not like Bill Gates, but eternal torture seems excessive. The guy spent most of his life trying to cure malaria, for Zeus' sake! We should be able to get him a review now, too. Bump him up to Asphodel at the very least." "Thank you," she says. He looks at her, again a little strangely. "You're my friend, Annabeth. There's nothing to thank. If anything, I'm sorry we had to get so personal. No-one likes having their life pried into like that, but Katie's persistent, which is about the only decent quality she has. Anyway," he says, moving briskly on. "Let's get you to Elysium. Home's calling." They ride together on the zombie-manned skiff up to Elysium, and talk. It feels like such a long time since Annabeth has had a proper conversation with someone her own age, she gets swept up in it. She almost doesn't notice her wrinkles disappearing, and wouldn't have done if it wasn't for Nico's doing the same. She feels stronger, abler, and notices that the son of Hades is standing up straighter. She points it out to him, and he laughs. "It's Elysium. Makes you – well, not younger exactly. It puts you in your prime. If you died at a hundred years old, you lose seventy or eighty years, if you shuffled off the mortal coil at ten, you gain another ten or so. Handy, until you have to leave. Turns you into the age you were at death again, so a bag of old bones in my case." It's Annabeth's turn to laugh now. "You don't have a clue what a bag of old bones is. Whipper-snapper." Her optimism and conviviality only grow for the rest of the journey, until she sees something