Anyone else as bored as me? Well, lucky for you: I decided to start a new story from a wacky idea that came into my head months ago. A reviewer once told me that my story wasn't as good as it could've been because I rushed into the plot, SO, this time I'll try to slow it down a little. My other story: Past. Present. Future has no plot that I have actually thought of yet and is just some weird fluff that will hopefully evolve into a story! Anywhoo, Back to this one: Full Summary: Annabeth and Percy are happily married until a monster comes and attacks leaving Annabeth in a critical state. Percy over reacts saying that it is his fault and leaves saying that it will be best, without knowing one bit of information… She's pregnant. Annabeth struggles with depression which causes her to have trouble have the child (or children..?) Everyone has blanked Percy out completely ignoring him. When they meet again, 3 years later… what will happen? Will they ever be able to get over it and with Racheal and Luke back in the picture things just wind up ten times worse. Percy :'( My eyes squeezed shut in pain as I glanced at the photo that stood, the glass shattered, on my bed side table. Annabeth and I were stood smiling at each other in the mess hall, campers surrounding us with their hands in the air shouting "Finally!" To be honest I didn't think that so many people wanted us to get together and when I question this to Grover he smirked at me and said " I have been waiting for this since you arrived when you were twelve…" He laughed at my expression adding "Perce you resemble the fish you hang around with" For the rest of the night all of us celebrated for defeating Kronos by eating the spare blue cakes Annabeth and Tyson made. Sometime throughout the night Annabeth and I ended up throwing cake at each other ending in blue icing all over our face. In the picture I was smiling at Annabeth while she leant over and kissed my cheek smearing icing all over my face while rubbing it in my hair. I wasn't that bothered because I needed a shower anyway as I still had Monster dust and mud all over my clothes and in my hair. I remember laughing at her actions and wiping it in her hair, she actually suited blue hair which surprised me… That night we hung out in the lake until Chiron came and leant over the water with a smirk on his face. He was in his centaur form so you could see the back of his tail curled slightly at the end and his coat shining softly. " Percabeth, you need to come up now!" He yelled so we could hear him underwater. I shared a look with Annabeth but she was scowling, I furrowed my eyebrows. " What's up?" Her eyes softened and her mouth turned upwards into a small smile. "He called us Percabeth… and… I don't want to go up, I want to stay here with you" She complained. I laughed and smirked. " I do too… but, the harpies will kill us" I told her gently, she shook her head at me and then nodded pouting. "I'm taking us up" I warned remembering the last time, when she was surprised because her ears had popped. She nodded and held onto my hand as we shot upwards towards the surface. Chiron jumped backwards as we shot for the surface and landed on the soft grass completely dry. He smiled softly at us before walking behind us towards our cabins. I walked her to hers and leant over kissing her cheek softly before walking slowly to mine, falling asleep with a silly little grin. That picture was taken years ago…When we were still together… before our wedding… before the attack… before I left… After that day I and Annabeth were happier than we ever had been and it was only 3 years before I proposed. My mom was ecstatic when we told her we had got together, Paul and her had, had twins the year we had gotten together they were now 8. Isla had dark brown hair like my mom and deep blue eyes like Paul. She was smart but knew nothing about my… Ancestry. Her sister, Lyra, had straight golden hair with moms brown eyes so they were a mix of mom and Paul but both completely beautiful their own way. For the first few years even my own mother was giving me the cold shoulder as well as everyone else but after a while I received a text off her saying that she was sorry and that what she did was wrong, even though she was looking after Annabeth. I forgave her, as if I couldn't have, and went back to how we used to be. Lyra and Isla spent Saturday with me and I took them somewhere whether it is to the park or to the zoo. Infact I was picking them up this morning after I have breakfast… I quickly jumped up from where I was sat on my bed and ran to the kitchen making some pancakes (which were undoubtedly blue!) Scoffing them down I ran down stairs to the front door where I threw on my red worn out converse and grabbed a coat, running out the door. I locked the door and jumped into my midnight blue BMW quickly driving the familiar route to my mom's house. I calmly stepped out of the car as if I hadn't been rushing to get there and walked to the front door knocking three times on the painted black door. The door opened revealing an excited Lyra bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet. I stood there smiling down at her and she launched herself at me with a grin, I happily caught her tickling her sides. She squealed and jumped away scowling at me, and I just smiled sheepishly at her. Isla appeared at her side smiling at me warmly, she stepped forward slowly encircling my waist in a hug, and I grinned and hugged her back gently. She grabbed my hand and pulled me inside. Paul was sat on the couch reading the paper when I walked in, he looked up at me smiling slightly then looked back down adjusting his glasses in a comfortable position. I walked, well was dragged, into the kitchen where a plate full of blue cookies sat so innocently on the table. So, slowly, I walked in a reached for one when it was like an alarm went off because as I was about to grab one my mom walked into the kitchen a stern look on her face. "Nuhuhuh!" I pouted and she deliberately looked away her face softening ever so slightly but I stopped and she turned around smirking. "Oh, Fine! But tell me… How is work? Heard from anyone?" She asked. I grabbed a cookie stuffing it in my mouth, I swallowed and answered. "Works… Fine saved a whale a couple of days ago from a bag trapped around its neck" I stayed quiet trying to avoid the question but she gave me a pointed look "And NO" I spat. "I really doubt I'm ever going to hear from them again!" Storming from the room I ran to my old bedroom sitting down on my bed staring at the fish in my tank. Are you okay, son of sea god? One of the fish asked. I shook my head clenching my teeth and pulling my hands into fists. "No, I'm not" What is wrong, master? The small clownfish asked, A furiously wiped the small tear that ran down my cheek "Nothing, I'm just remembering some memories… its okay, Lois." I told it taking a deep breath of air. Okay, we're here for you, sir… We hope you're okay the fish finished. I nodded in thanks and sprinkled some food in its tank cleaning the water with my powers. I sat on my old blue bed remembering some of the best nights of my life… My mom and Paul had gone out to a party with Isla and Lyra leaving Annabeth and I alone in the house. We decided we would watch some of the Disney movies I had in my room and I quickly slid Nemo into the DVD player waiting for Annabeth to come back in with drink and popcorn. She walked through the door smiling warmly at me. I pulled her onto my lap as she set the food and drinks down, kissing her neck. She moaned quietly and moved away sitting at the opposite end of the couch. I pouted but watched the beginning of the film, before I knew it she was in my lap again facing me this time. She kissed my forehead, around my temple to my nose to my chin where I tilted my head up and caught her full lips in my own. She opened her mouth in a gas and I took the chance to slip my tongue into her mouth. We fought for dominance until I picked her up walking to my room as she moved against me. I groaned and set her down on the bed leaning over her. We continued to kiss and I moved my hands to her top, sliding it over her head. She did the same to me and we began to work on the pants. Sliding them off we froze, this is the furthest we had ever gone. " Are you okay?" I asked worried, she nodded smiling softly. " Have you got…?" She asked, I nodded blushing at the memory of Paul giving them me the first time he met Annabeth. " Erm, Okay" she smiled. I grinned and we continued… Another tear made its way down my cheek and I wiped it roughly before walking downstairs silently. My mom and Paul were talking in the kitchen and I didn't mean to listen in… sort of… "He's taking it badly… Have you spoken to Nico lately?" Paul asked, I couldn't see either of them but I knew they were talking about me. "No… You can see it in his eyes, he's guilty… and I can't help but feel as though it's my fault also, if I had only stood with him from the start" My mom sobbed, Paul moved probably to reassure my mom. "I-It's not your fault, you thought you were doing what's best and you didn't know he was alone… I can't believe they still haven't spoken to him" Paul sighed, my mom replied quickly. "After all he had done for them… It's really shook him up, especially Nico and Grover" I sighed my nails biting my palm to stop the wave of emotions welling up inside. They stayed quiet and I walked in quietly, my mom looked up from Paul's arms in surprise then her expression saddened "How much?" "All" I answered and she pulled away from Paul eloping me in a hug. I hugged her back putting my head on her shoulder even though she was barely up to my shoulder. Ilsa and Lya bounded through the door their converse tied and coats buttoned grinning. I pulled away and grabbed each of their hands. "I'm coming, I'm coming" And I got dragged from the room. They got in the back of my car turning the radio on while they climbed in. Perfect by Simple Plan came on and the girls started to sing loudly as I pulled away from my moms drive: Hey dad look at me Think back and talk to me Did I grow up according to the plan? And do you think I'm wasting my time doing things I wanna do? But it hurts when you disapprove all along And now I try hard to