A.N This is a new story I wanted to try, and if people like it then I'll be posting this and the Gray Area every week (At least I'll try.) This story is only 5 parts (or more who knows?). Enjoy and Review please xx Warnings for this story: Language, Mentions of Recreational drug use. Supernatural tendencies. Chapter 1: The First thing Lyric heard was her alarm clock. The first thing she ignored was also her alarm clock. Needless to say, she was almost late on her first day to school. "You know for a girl who does the morning announcements, you are almost always late." Nathan said, crossing his arms. Lyric could tell that he was still kind of bitter that she was voted to be the voice of McArthur and he wasn't. "Hey Nathan, why don't you do your job and turn my mic on?" She smiled just to spite him and wasn't hurt in the slightest when he rolled his eyes. Lyric waited 30 seconds after the final late bell to begin. " Good morning to students who are still used to waking up after 12 and teachers who don't want to be here. It is currently 7:18 AM and time for us to chant to a piece of cloth. Please stand for the Pledge of Allegiance." Lyric stopped and played the recording of the Pledge being spoken before continuing, "Don't you just love conformity? Anyway, here's our dotting Principal to go over the handbook you will lose in the next 30 minutes." Lyric scooted away as Principal Brunner mouth 'thin ice' to her. Lyric just shrugged before placing her feet on the table. Nathan chastised at her because she was propping her feet where the equipment was but she just mouth ' bite me' and scooted her feet further down the table. After a draining 30 minutes of principal Brunner talking about all the reasons not to do anything in school, Lyric proceeded back to the mic. " For all of those who fell asleep during that, here's a recap! Don't do drugs, smoke, drink or gang-related things at school, or suffer ISS with Ms. Irons. Anyway, it is almost the end of our announcements so to the freshmen who brought too many school supplies, welcome to Hell, and the seniors who didn't bring enough, Happy last first day. And everyone in between, have a great day of mandatory education." Lyric turned off her mic and stood, stretching and cracking her spine. Nathan just grimaced at her as she grabbed her bag and shucked on her right shoulder. "Nathan, you're going to run out of coal the way you're grilling me." She smiled. "Same time, tomorrow." She called as she was already out the door. Lyric's morning consisted boring teachers going over boring syllabuses. But when she walked into 4th Period that's when things really got weird. It started when her best friend ran up to her as soon as she walked through the door. "LYRIC!" She yelled as she practically leaped into Lyric's arms. "Ellie…? What did we say about personal space?" Ellie took a step back. "Right, forgot you hated all types of physical contact. That's very Scorpio of you." "You're still into to zodiac?" Lyric questioned. "Figured you would've been back into Buddhism or something like that by now." "I'm still Buddhist, I just think it's really cool that people can tell your traits just on how the planets were aligned when you were born." Ellie took her seat. "It's brilliant." Lyric slid in the seat across her. "It's bogus." "Fine then I guess you won't get your 'happy last first day' gift." "Oh my god, how will I live with out my 500th Buddha statue?" Ellie narrowed her eyes. "It's not a Buddha statue. Do you always have to be a sarcastic piece of—? Hot guy, hot guy, 12 o-clock." "What?" Lyric looked ahead of her, past Ellie's head. Ellie smacked her hand that was resting on the table. "My 12 o-clock, your 6." Lyric stopped and turned around a little to see a boy. He looked pretty plain to Lyric. Brown eyes, medium length hair with small messy type curls. He looked like he used to be scrawny but filled out either during puberty or he started working out. You could definitely tell that he was a big personality by the way he smiled, all big with teeth showing as he talked to the teacher. And he was definitely Lyric's type but she didn't want to date anyone and Ellie knew that. "Stop." "Stop what?" "Trying to set me up with a guy, I told you about that." "Who said, he was for you he might be for me." "Ellie, you're a lesbian." "Stop trying to know me." Ellie said, looking past me at the new guy. "I'm going to tell him to sit with us." "El, don't—" but it was way too late as he was already heading over to our table. "Hi!" Ellie greeted The boy smiled at Ellie full teeth. Lyric tilted her head; he's got a nice smile . Lyric thought to herself but then quickly shook off the thought. "Hey, I'm Elena but people often call me Ellie." Ellie smiled and offered her hand to the boy. Then gestured to Lyric. "And this is my best friend, Lyric, People often call her a bitch." Lyric gave Ellie a pointed glare, the boy laughed and reached out his hand for Lyric to shake. "I'm sure that's not quite true." He said to her, smiling. "You'd be surprised." Lyric smiled back reaching for the hand. "I'm—" The boy tried to introduce himself but that was when the teacher decided to call the class to order. He sat down next to Ellie, across from Lyric. Lyric spent the next thirty minutes zoning in and out of consciousness while the teacher droned on and on about tectonic plates and rising temperatures. As soon the final bell rung students were out of the classroom. Ellie moved to pack her stuff. "Hey, I've got to see Ms. Cordinski about her studio art class." "So you can make your own Buddha statues?" Lyric said, with mock excitement. "Keep mocking Buddha, what goes around come around." "I thought that was Hinduism?" Ellie just rolled her eyes and patted her shoulder. "I'll meet you at your locker." Her eyes darted to the boy, whose name she still didn't know, then back to Lyric and mouth talk to him then turned to walk away. Lyric held up her middle finger as she walked off. "I still don't know your name." Lyric said, as the boy was packing away his stuff rather slowly. The boy smiled. "It's Leo." "Your name is Leo?" Lyric laughed. "Elle would freak. What's it short for?" He shook his head. "Nothing." "Nothing?" Lyric questioned. "I don't believe that." "And why not?" he said as they walked out the room. "Because no mother just names their kid Leo." "Mine did." "Whatever you say." Lyric laughed. "But I'll find out your secret." "Good luck with that." He laughed. "You don't take a bus, do you? Because I think you missed it." Lyric said, apologetically. She'd gotten caught up in the conversation she didn't know how late it was. "It's fine, I walk anyway." Leo shrugged. "I can give you a ride if you want." Lyric countered. "Though, I must warn you my car is extremely old and it smells kind of weird but not weird like, I smell weird. The smell is some weird tea Ellie gets shipped from Tibet or some place like that." Lyric stops walking when they were down the hall from her locker, which Ellie was standing in front of, "I'm babbling, aren't I?" "Yup, but don't worry about it. It's cute." Leo shrugged. "Well, lucky for you, I only do it around hot guys. Not that I'm saying you're hot—well, I'm not saying your not hot either. Just that you're not not hot…" Lyric trailed off, Leo raised an eyebrow at her. "I'm going to shut up now." Leo chuckled as he and Lyric moved to where Ellie was standing. "How'd it go with Mrs. Cordinski?" Lyric asked as she unlocked her locker. Ellie's eyes darted between her and the boy, who was leaning against the next locker. "It was fine, she's putting me in the advanced class. It's the push, I need to be Vice President of the Art Honor Society." Ellie paused. "I never caught your name." She prompted. "Oh, It's Leo." "Leo?! Is that your sign too?" Ellie pushed. "Oh, no. I think I'm a Pisces." "A Pisces…" Ellie nodded then mumbled. "Most compatible with Scorpios…" That earned her a glare from Lyric. "I'm giving Leo a ride home. You still need a ride?" Ellie eyes darted between them again. "Oh, no." "You sure?" "Yea, I'll just get a ride from Hot Mark." "Do you even know Hot Mark?" "Nope." Ellie looked down the hall to where Mark was standing in front of his locker. "Hey, Hot Mark!" Mark jumped and turned to see who called him. "I'm Ellie! Can you give me a ride home?" "Um, I guess…" Mark said, confused. Ellie waved a hand at them and turned to walk away, Lyric grabbed her arm. "Ellie, don't you dare get in a car with a stranger." Ellie pulled her arm away and skipped over to where Mark was. "I can't hear you over my bad decisions." Once down the hall, she hooked arms with Mark as they walked out the building. "Are you sure you don't want to go check on her?" Leo asked. "She'll text me the license plate number. This is the 5th time she's gotten in the car with a stranger since we've been in high school. She's says in Buddhism, they believe everyone has the power to do the right thing and that gives her security." Silence fell in between them for a few moments before Leo burst out. "That's idiotic." Lyric laughed. "You wouldn't believe how many times I've said that to her. But I learned to just let her do her thing." Lyric slammed her locker closed. "You ready?" XXX The beginnings of their car ride consisted of mostly silence, though Leo injected a joke here and there, they mostly stayed silent, listening to Lyric's vast playlist that went from K-pop to indie in a matter of seconds. After a couple of minutes, Leo broke the silence. "What song is this?" Leo asked. "Oh, it's Almost Lover by A Fine Frenzy." "Oh… it's a good song…" "It's ok, I know it's very hippie." "No, I like it." Leo smiled. "Yea, she opened up for Foster the People when went to their concert during the summer. She was so good, best voice I've heard in a—" Lyric's car made a Klunk! And began slowing down. "That's weird. I just went to the mechanic yesterday." Leo wasn't paying attention he was looking straight ahead. Lyric diverted her attention straight ahead. 3 SUV's sealed off the road ahead of them. 3 bodyguards got out and opened the door for 2 people. On of them was a man, he wore suit with a waistcoat but the main thing you noticed about his outfit was the pocket watch with the massive chain that crossed his body. The next was a woman, she was very pretty in an older businesswoman type of way but mainly she was just intimidating. "Leo… do you know what's going on?" Leo sighed and pulled out his phone. After sending a quick text, he put it back and unbuckled his seatbelt. "Get out of the car." Lyric's eyes bugged out. "So let me get this straight. You want to exit the safety of my car to confront the scary people with guns?" "Precisely." Leo smiled then opened the door. "Ah, Mr. Valdez! Fancy seeing you here." The woman said, with a rather large toothy smile that was more frightening