Disclaimer: Not Mine. Voices murmured around the room. The occasional boisterous laugh echoed off the walls from someone who'd drunk too much. It happened every time Alex had a gathering at his house for his colleagues. Considering most of them were our old fraternity brothers, it really came as no surprise that people got a little rowdy. Recently though, things had calmed down. It was no secret that was largely due to the latest addition to the guest list. Pushing the back door closed with my foot, I set a plate of burgers on the kitchen table and grabbed my drink. I'd planned to go back outside but stilled at the sound of Bella's laughter. I scanned the room. My back stiffened when I saw her, my grip tightening around my glass of whiskey. With her hair hanging in her face, she swayed a bit and leaned into the guy next to her. He chuckled and steadied her as she stretched up on her toes and whispered in his ear. A smirk spread across his face at whatever she'd said, his eyes flashing to me when she reached up and squeezed his bicep. My jaw clenched and my pulse roared in my ears when she dipped her chin and turned her head until our eyes locked. Her blank expression and cold eyes made my stomach drop. Something wasn't right. "You and Bella taking a stroll down memory lane?" Alex asked, his voice thick with confusion. "I don't know what's going on with her," I answered, not taking my eyes off Bella. "She's been acting really weird since Heidi had the baby." "Do you think it bothers her that we're already married and have a kid while you're still dicking around?" I tore my gaze away from Bella and glared at my brother. "Fuck off," I scoffed. "First, you and Heidi are insane. Who proposes after two months of dating, then decides to have a baby less than six months after the wedding? Bella and I aren't ready. We both just finished school and started new jobs. We haven't had time to think about that shit." "But you've been living together for almost a year. What are you waiting on, Edward? Are you having second thoughts?" "Of course I'm sure. I―" I lowered my voice and looked around to make sure no one was listening. "I bought a ring a month ago. But she's been acting so strange. I don't know what to think. She was fine...until she wasn't." "Well," Alex sighed, his eyes flicking to Bella, "you might want to figure that shit out." I followed the direction of his gaze and had to fight every instinct in my body to keep from launching my glass against the wall before dragging her out of the room. Her finger traced the rim of her glass as she smiled up at the guy in front of her. She was flirting, and she wasn't trying to hide it. If anything, she was making sure I saw. It was what she wanted, but I was in no mood to play this game with her. I didn't want to revert to how we were in college. When we'd push each other's buttons by flirting with other people until one of us snapped and dragged the other out of the room. It was fucked up, but we fed off the energy, the anger. We loved it. But that was a long time ago, and neither of us had done anything like that in years. Not until tonight. I had no intention of giving her what she wanted. Instead, I downed the rest of my whiskey and crossed the room to where Heidi stood with a group of friends. Placing my hand on her shoulder, I offered her a small smile in apology for interrupting. "Where's Mags?" Heidi grinned, her eyes darting over my shoulder before returning to mine. "Chelsea has her. They were in the living room about ten minutes ago." "Thanks." I turned to go when Heidi tugged on my sleeve. "Are you okay?" "I'm fine. Seriously," I added when she only stared at me. "Liar," she whispered, her eyes troubled. "What the hell is wrong with her?" "Heidi don't. I love you, but don't go there. You know better." Heidi was a great girl and she was perfect for my brother, even if I did think they were crazy. But I wasn't the only person Bella had been treating differently the last several months. Heidi made no secret that Bella's attitude had pissed her off. Logically, I knew she had every right to be upset, but Bella was my girl, and I didn't give a damn who she was, no one was allowed to trash Bella to me. "I'm sorry. I'm just worried about you." "I know. Everything is fine. I'm going to find Mags." I leaned over and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek before turning toward the living room, purposely avoiding looking in Bella's direction. When we left the party she and I were going to talk. She was going to tell me what the hell was going on, and we were going to fix it once and for all. I wanted to marry her. I wanted her to have our children. I wanted forever. Whatever she was going through wasn't going change that. "Hey, Chelsea." I grinned, dropping to the floor beside her and leaning against the couch. "I wondered how long it'd take you to come find her." Chelsea laughed and handed me Maggie. "You're lucky I was on burger detail, or I would have taken her from you as soon as I got here." I bent my knees and laid my niece on my thighs. "Hey, Mags. I heard you got your daddy good earlier." "Oh, Edward. It was awful," Chelsea laughed. "I think he burned his clothes. She completely blew out her diaper while he was holding her." "That's my girl," I chuckled and tickled her side. She made a gurgling sound in the back of her throat and grabbed my finger. Drool slid down her chin as she wrestled with me to pull my finger into her mouth. "Do you think she's teething?" Chelsea asked, leaning across me to wipe Maggie's chin. "I'm a child psychologist. I don't know a damn thing about teething." I brushed my hand over Maggie's head, the soft red hairs standing in every direction. She kicked her legs while she smiled and babbled. "Well, you better figure it out. One day this will be you." I looked over at Chelsea and smiled as she made faces at Maggie. "Yeah. One day." "I'm ready to go." I was startled at the angry bite of Bella's voice. Her expression was hard as her glazed eyes darted between me and Chelsea. "Now," she spat and stumbled forward. My eyes widened, and I passed Maggie to Chelsea as Bella fell toward me. Leaning up, I managed to catch her arms and steady her before she fell into my lap. "What the fuck is wrong with you?" I hissed. She jerked away and smoothed down her hair. "Nothing is wrong with me. I'm the same as I've always been." I shook my head and stood from the floor. Wrapping my arm around Bella's waist, I turned toward Chelsea who was clutching Maggie and gaping at Bella. "Hey, will you tell Alex and Heidi we took off?" "Yeah. Sure. Of course." "Of course you will. Why don't you suck his dick while you're at it? Everyone knows you want to," Bella sneered. I tightened my grip on Bella and leaned down until my lips were pressed against her ear. When I spoke my voice was low, nothing more than a growl through clenched teeth. "I don't know what the fuck is wrong with you, but you need to shut the fuck up, right now." Bella lifted her arms and pushed against my side. She tried to twist out of my grip, but I pulled her closer and held her tighter. "Tell Alex I'll call him later." I wanted to tell Chelsea I was sorry, but Bella was drunk and acting like an asshole. Apologizing to the girl she'd just insulted would only make matters worse. Snatching her coat off the hook by the door, I pulled her out of the house. "Get the fuck off me, Edward. Maybe I don't want to leave after all. Maybe you should go back in there with Chelsea and I'll find Paul. He didn't have any problem giving me attention." I pushed her against the side of my car as soon as the words left her lips. Caging her body with mine, I pressed against her. "That's it. I've had it with your shit. Are you trying to piss me off? You want me to be jealous? Do you want me to fuck you like I used to when you'd pull this shit? Because you're testing my patience, Bella." "You wouldn't know how to fuck me like you used to." She laughed, the sound hard and hateful. "Get in the car," I demanded. She stared at me, her entire body radiating defiance. I took a step back and ripped open the door. "Get in the fucking car. Now." She rolled her eyes and tripped into the car, her face twisted with annoyance. I reached across her and fastened the seat belt before slamming the door. Pulling in several deep, calming breaths, I walked around the car and climbed behind the wheel. When I looked in her direction, her face was turned toward the window, her hair shielding her face. The air was thick with tension as I made the short drive to our house. Bella remained mute and stone-still the entire way. Her childish sulking and ridiculous behavior had my teeth grinding and my jaw aching. When I pulled into our garage and killed the engine, she didn't move. I dropped my head to the steering wheel and squeezed my eyes shut. Yelling at her wasn't going to get us anywhere, no matter how much I wanted to. With my forehead resting on the steering wheel, I turned my head in her direction and blew out a breath. "You gotta talk to me, baby. I can't help if I don't know what the problem is." Bella made a disgusted sound and rolled her eyes before grabbing the handle and kicking open the door. "God, Edward. When did you become such a fucking pussy?" I shoved my door open and met her at the back of the car. "I'm a pussy because I want to know what the fuck is going on with my girlfriend? Because I want to help?" "No. You're a pussy because you didn't even get pissed when I was talking to that guy. You fucking walked away and went to find your precious niece and Heidi's amazing sister. Maybe you just don't care anymore. Maybe you want me to fuck someone else so you can have a shot at Chelsea. Is that it, Edward? You want to fuck other people? I bet Paul could fuck me like a man." "Fuck you, Bella." I wrapped my arms around her and hoisted her over my shoulder. She struggled to break my hold, but I wasn't putting her down. She'd gone too far. As soon as the door slammed shut behind me, I set her on the floor and roughly pulled her back against my chest. "Is this what you want?" I hissed, palming her breast roughly. My heart thundered in my chest, and my cock hardened against the small of her back as she arched against me. "I don't know. It's been so long since you've really fucked me, I don't even remember what it's like." She reached behind my head and fisted my hair. Yanking my head down, she pressed her lips to my ear. "I bet Paul knows how." I slowly lifted my head and chuckled in