Disclaimer: Not mine. "Bella, are you sure about this?" I pull the lime from my teeth and try to smile. Between the aftertaste of the tequila and the sourness of the lime I'm sure it looks more like a grimace. "Absolutely." I nod. "If you're so sure, why do you need to be drunk?" Alice asks, pouring us another shot. I look around the room and lower my voice, even though we're in my living room and I live alone. "I heard it hurts less if you're relaxed." "And being drunk is going to relax you?" "Do I look like I'm feeling any pain?" My smile is bright, and I can feel my fingers starting to tingle so I know the tequila is kicking in. "Are you worried he's going to hurt you? He's done this before, right?" I screw my face up in distaste. I don't like being reminded of Edward's ex girlfriend Rose. Apparently, she gives the term freak in the bed a whole new meaning. Luckily she wasn't a lady in the streets since she was caught fucking some guy in a back alley and ended up getting busted by the cops. Needless to say, Edward wasn't interested in posting her bail. He was, however, interested in drunken rebound sex. I was happy to oblige. Little did I realize he would ruin me for all other men. Good thing it was the same for him. So here I sit eight months later, preparing to give him the one thing he really wants for his birthday: my ass. Literally. "Yes, he's done it before." I sniff and try to sound indignant, but my tongue feels thick, and I'm fairly certain my words are a little slurred. I eye the glass in front of me, weighing the pros and cons of another shot. On the one hand, it will push me a little further into the right frame of mind. On the other, well, I could pass out before he even shows up. Which would leave me hungover and Edward presentless. I shift and try to ignore the way my stomach muscles tighten and my walls contract. Apparently, I'm not as successful at hiding my reaction as I hoped. "What's with the face?" "What face?" Her eyes narrow and I know I'm busted. Shit. "You look...," She waves her hand in the air before her eyes go wide. "You look turned on!" My mouth falls open. "How do you know what I look like when I'm turned on?" "Because every time I'd walk into our dorm room and you were reading those trashy romance novels your face looked just like it does now. So spill." I inspect my nails as I answer. Eye contact is definitely not necessary for this confession. "I have a butt plug in." I shrug nonchalantly and keep my face blank as she gasps. "Bella, why in the hell do you have in a butt plug? And why do I feel like I'm sitting in the room with you while you masturbate. Oh, my God. I need another shot." "Have you seen the size of his dick?" My eyes are wide as my hands gesture wildly in the air. "It's huge! I need all the help I can get." I snatch the glass in front of me off the table and slam the golden liquid. "Also," I point at her, "I am not masturbating. I will concede, there may be more than what is deemed an appropriate amount of moisture gathering when I move, but that's nothing for you to be concerned about." Alice jumps to her feet and throws her hand over her eyes. Like covering her eyes can make her unhear my confession. I hate to burst her bubble, but that trick doesn't work. I know these things. "Oh, Bella. I wish you the best of luck. But when you start talking about being wet from a butt plug, it's time for me to go." I shrug and mumble my reply. "Tequila's fault." She hums and grabs her purse. "Tell Edward happy birthday for me." She smiles suddenly, and her glassy eyes fill with mirth. "I hope he gets all that he ass for." I giggle, because really, what else can you do at such a lame ass joke? Ass joke. My joke is funnier. "Badda dum dum ding." I totally rock my air drums. Once she leaves I look around my apartment. Everything appears to be in order. The cake I bought yesterday sits on my tiny kitchen table. A quick sniff tells me I haven't burnt the shepherd's pie in the oven while getting shit faced with Alice. I stand from the couch, the room wobbling a little before coming into focus. I move into the kitchen and peek at the timer. Dinner will be ready in thirty minutes, which is just enough time for me to hop into the shower and shave my legs. Hopefully a shower will help undo some of the damage of the tequila. Twisting the knobs of the shower, I let the water heat as I debate my current situation. By situation, of course, I mean the plug currently in my butt. As much as I've tried to prepare myself, I'm ridiculously nervous. I remind myself it's just Edward, and we love each other. He would never do anything to intentionally hurt me. I know this . Still, the thought of him taking me there is more than a little terrifying. A few more seconds pass before I roll my eyes and remove the plug. I step into the shower and prepare to give myself an extra good scrub. A girl can never be too clean, after all. Fifteen minutes later I'm showered, shaved, and not even a little bit less drunk. If anything the heat from the shower has made it worse. I resign myself to make the most of it, pull on a pair of panties and turn on on the stereo. I don't bother to pretend I'm going to change the station when the annoyingly catchy beat of "Call Me, Maybe" fills the air. Dancing in my underwear, my drunken mood lightens as I smear lotion all over my body. I check the bedside drawer to ensure there are condoms and lube inside before remembering I forgot to put the plug back in. Humming, I clean it off and put it back in place. I'm pleasantly surprised when it doesn't hurt nearly as much as it did the first time. I don't know if it's because it stretched me, or because I'm drunk. Either way is fine by me. "Happy birthday to me," Edward chuckles. I spin around, my hands flying to my ass. I'm not exactly sure what I expect to happen, it's not like it's going to fly out from any sudden movements, but still, the instinct to protect is there. "What are you doing here?" I drop my hands to my sides and take a moment to stare. His white t shirt is dirty and the sleeve is torn. Not that I'm complaining since it shows off his new shoulder tattoo. I bet he smells like man, too. His brows furrow in a way that makes me want to lick his fuck hot face. But I don't. "You told me to be here at six, remember?" My eyes go wide. "It's six? Shit! I need to grab dinner." I move to fly past him, but he wraps his arm around my waist before I can pass through the doorway. "If you mean whatever you had in the oven, I've already pulled it out. And, are you―" He sniffs. "Are you drunk?" I smile. "I'm also half naked," I point out, hoping to take his focus off the fact it's only six and I'm already drunk. He eyes my chest and hums. "Yes. I see." His arm slides up my waist and his thumb brushes over my nipple. "Aren't you going to wish me happy birthday?" he whispers, pressing his lips to my neck. I sigh and turn in his arms until I'm facing him. "Happy birthday." I kiss his lips and pull in a deep breath. I was right, he does smell like man. "So you made me dinner?" I nod. "And you got me a cake?" I nod again, my smile growing wider. "I didn't see a present." His voice is pouty, but his smirk is anything but. I step away from him and hold my arms out wide. "Surprise." He does that face scrunch thing again and licks his lips. "What?" "Surprise," I repeat, like saying it again will give him any idea what I'm hinting at. "I don't understand." He looks at me, exasperation clear on his face. But still, I can tell he's intrigued. If nothing else, the fact I'm still only wearing panties is keeping his temperament mellow. "You get to have me. For your birthday." I curtsy and smile at his confusion. I know I'm being vague, that I should just say what I'm hinting. But I'm fucking nervous. "Baby," he chuckles and steps forward. "Not that I'm complaining, but I had you last night, and the night before. I also plan on having you tomorrow, preferably in the shower, or bent over the couch. But I'm not picky, I'll fuck you whenever you want." I smile and bounce on my toes. It makes me a little dizzy, but it also makes my tits jiggle and it's enough to distract him. For some reason, it seems easier to tell him I'm going to let him fuck me in the ass when he's being a pervert and staring at my goods. "Not when," I correct. "Where." "Where what?" He's not even looking at me, his eyes are still locked on my tits. Go big or go home. That's the saying, right? Well, he's big, I might as well let him know he's going to be sliding into home tonight, through the back door. I turn to the side and jut out my hip so he has a nice side view of my ass. "Here," I say, slapping my hand against my ass for emphasis. He stares at me for a second before his eyes go wide and his smile becomes downright scandalous. "There?" He cocks his brow and dips his chin so I know he's looking exactly where my hand is. "There," I confirm. My stomach does the flip thing suddenly, and not in the good way. I feel sick. Like I'm going to vomit. No that's not right, it's not like anything, that's exactly what it is. I'm going to vomit. Fuck. "Move," I groan and push past him. I fall to my knees in front of the toilet and brace my hands on either side. My stomach heaves and I kind of want to die right where I am. "No. No, Bella," Edward whines from behind me. "You can't offer to do shit like that then get sick. That's fucking wrong." "Shut up and get out before I puke on your shoes." Hot tears sting my eyes, and I want to punch his pretty face. I hear him shuffle behind me, and I think he's leaving until I feel his hands in my hair. "Here," he murmurs as he twists my hair up and secures it with a clip. He moves to the sink and turns on the water before he's back at my side and pressing a cool washcloth to my forehead. "Hold this. I'm going to grab you some water." The moment he's out the door I'm vomiting. It's wretched. It burns, both from bile and embarrassment. He gives me space while I unload the contents of my stomach and doesn't return until I flush the toilet. He sets the glass of water on the counter and slides his hands under my arms to help me stand. I grab the shirt I'd left lying on the counter and slip it over