Here here! Behold our first chapter of An Untold Story of Perciver , hope you'll like it! DISCLAIMER: We own nothing but our love for Percy and Oliver, the rest is JKR's propriety. Si la vie vaut la peine d'être vécue, c'est à ce moment : lorsque l'humain contemple la Beauté en soi. Symposium - Plato "Hey, Perce!" Percy Weasley looked up from the parchment he was reading with his characteristic seriousness and found Oliver Wood's chocolate orbs way too close from his face. He took a step back, startled. The smirk on his friend's lips grew wider and more amused while Percy straightened his glasses on his nose, trying to hide the quickening beating of his heart caused by the sudden apparition of the Gryffondor's keeper. "For the last time, Wood," grumbled the ginger teenage boy. "Stop flagging down people when you're that close from them. You scared the hell out of me!" "And yet you still fall for that," sneered the other boy. "Wanna see something really cool?" "If it's your new Comet 260, I'll pass." Oliver's smile fell at once and the little twinkle in his eyes seemed to fade away out of despair. Percy felt a bit annoyed by that, but also quite amused. Oliver Wood was so easy to toy with! He fought back the urge of teasing him, and chose to roll his eyes instead. "Oh come on, you sent me three very detailed letters about it over the summer, it's like me and your broomstick already met." "Well you could've answered my letters, no need be so dismissive about it," muttered the athlete, hands in his pockets, obviously hurt. "Stop sulking, I'll see to that later on, in our bedroom, deal?" "Deal!" His eyes were twinkling again and he had a wide boyish smile on his face. "What're you up too anyway?" "You know." He agitated the sheet of parchment in front of his friend's face. "Head Boy's duties." "Is that a name code for lurking in the corridors after the Welcoming Feast?" "No, this is work. I do work; you're lurking in the corridors after the Welcoming Feast. And you shouldn't, because it's almost curfew." "Oh it's ok," shrugged Oliver. "I know the Head Boy, I'm sure he'll be cool enough to give me a free-pass tonight, being the first day of terms and stuff." Percy gave him a nasty look under his glasses and sighed when he saw the cocky grin twitching on the player's lips. Percy had been living with Oliver for six years now. On this evening of September the first, the seventh year was starting. He knew this cocky grin by heart. So he knew right away that there was no point in arguing with Oliver, because even if he was the authority figure here and that rules applied also to His Highness, the King of Quidditch, he knew that the player just wouldn't listen. He would do what he pleased anyway. Oliver Wood had the very annoying habit of always doing just what he wanted, no matter the rest of the world around him. Plus, Percy really wanted to avoid having a row with his roommate so early on the term. He sighed. "Fine. But this is not going to be fun , Wood. This is work ." "Aye aye my captain!" He messed around. "What do you have to do anyway?" "Schedule for the Prefect's round." He answered absent-mindedly. "Ew." "And if you start complaining, I'll give an hour detention, is that fine by you?" "You're tough. I'll behave." Percy snorted and opened the door they had just reached. On the other side, there was a little room. It was not quite the type of classroom they were used to; the tables and the chairs, arranged in a square in the middle of the room, were the same furniture that in their classroom: wooden, dusty and old. The walls were upholstered with ancient, dog-eared parchment filled by more or less caring handwritings saying stuff like "Please Find a Way to Deal With Fourth Year Slytherins Other Than Detention, It Doesn't Work" or "finish your paperwork. it is not pleasant to do it for other people" and "DO NOT GIVE POINTS WHILE DRUNK!". In a corner, there were a few little bookshelves overwhelmed by heavy and austere-looking books and dictionaries such as A History of Hogwart's Finest Prefect or Hogwart's Regulation. Rules and How to Dispense Them. Near the way-too-luxuriant bookshelves laid a brown leathery sofa, just underneath a narrow window. Without much of interest, Percy sat on a desk, and excavated a large sheet of parchment underneath a set of books, which couldn't fit in the bookshelves. He reached for an old quill and started writing on the parchment, his nose frowned in deep concentration. Oliver looked about the room with utter curiosity. He whistled a little but shut up after a dirty look from his friend. He seemed to have his heart set on the sofa because he flew himself on it. "So this is where the magic happens." He commented. "Wood." There was a warning in Percy's voice but he didn't look up. "Oh, am I not allowed to talk? 'cause I know you can work while I talk." Percy ignored him. Truth be told, he really could, but only because Oliver was hardly ever quiet. So he had learned to work while his roommate went on babbling loudly about absolutely enchanting practice, enthralling new laws on Sport's regulation or the awfully ugly wardrobe of his fellow comrade. All in all, he was a very loud teenager and Percy didn't mind anymore. And so he kept on talking. "I always pictured the Prefect's lounge as an awful and very lugubrious place," he said. "Like, with only books and old candles dripping all over the place, no window, no chair -let alone a sofa ! Well, a bit like the dungeon but with less humidity and a lot more dust. I mean, this is cosy , dude! I'd never have imagined, in a million years, that this place was cosy . It's not as nice as the locker room, but, hey, this is not that bad, really! And it smells kind of nice, too, no dirt and sweat and triumph, but, you know, stones and parchment have their charms, haven't they? And tea, this room smell like tea, you have some? 'cause I'd like a cup, if you have some, and -of course- if you don't mine. Do you want some?" Percy raised his blue eyes to face his friend's. Oliver was perched on the edge of the window. He was looking at the Lake with delight and seemed to have forgotten all about tea. He whistled a little and the ginger boy couldn't help feeling warm and chilly at the same time. "Hey, never mind the tea, do you have booze?" Percy crooked an eyebrow. "This is the Prefect's lounge ." "And not-drinking-alcohol isn't an actual rule, it's just frowned upon. You're not supposed to be in possession of a bottle, but being drunk is allowed, and all of this only apply to booze with more than nine percent alcohol." His smile was radiant. "Damn Fred and George," Percy muttered. He got up with a sigh and fetched, into a drawer on the table on the left, a can of butterbeer and launched it to his roommate. With his quick reflexes, Oliver caught it and opened the can with a pschiit ! He immediately started drinking it. Percy had returned to his desk and was deeply annoyed by all the different possibilities his paper was dispensing. He turned to Oliver who was looking at him, scratching the top of his ginger hair with his white quill with a light and warm smile. "You're a captain," Percy said. "You know how to make agendas fitting for everyone, yeah?" "What do you mean 'fitting for everybody'?" "You know, standardize each and everyone's schedule so that you can all go to practice together." "I don't know what you mean." "Well..." Percy was starting to have doubts about asking him for help in the first place. "How do you schedule your quidditch practice?" "Oh, easy! I book the pitch when it's free. It's a shame though; it's only early in the morning or late in the evening. And on weekends, but weekends don't count, there are just made for quidditch." "But... What if your players have other appointments? I don't know, what if they have Charms' Club, for instance?" "Well they move Charms' Club. Obviously." "Obviously," Percy agreed, not because he actually agreed but because it was obviously the sort of thing Oliver would do. He returned to his parchment and did his best to ignore his friend who was now standing and looking at the books in the room. Butterbeer in hand, the quidditch keeper started shuffling through the books while keeping up with his discussion. "Why are you working anyway? Isn't it supposed to be two Heads?" "Yes." "Why isn't the Head Girl working, then?" "It's Penelope Clearwater." He could feel Oliver freezing, stopping pretending he was actually reading and giving him a very knowing look. "So you're not a thing anymore?" Oliver said and to Percy's surprise, it wasn't with a mocking voice. The authority figure turned around to grasp the wrongness of his previous assumption. Oliver's gaze wasn't knowing ; it was... It was... Percy couldn't really describe his look; it was puzzled and intense, strangely belligerent and profoundly indecisive at the same time. The Weasley felt incredibly delicate in front of this stormy gaze and warmth spread all over his chest and his ears. He re-focused on his parchment, his throat very dry. "Why are you here anyway?" He asked after a bit of coughing. "Don't you have people not working to talk to?" Oliver snorted dramatically. Percy felt in safe ground again. "Angelina said I wasn't allowed to be in the same place as Harry 'cause he was in chock or whatever and apparently my presence was overwhelming and stressful for him, so she send me away!" He accompanied his sentence by a tragic hand gesture and Percy snorted at him. "Yeah," he commented. "Nobody wants to talk quidditch on the first day of school." "No, Harry fainted ! I'm really worried about this, actually." "Oh really?" Percy said wryly. It seemed hardly possible that Oliver genuinely worried about Harry Potter fainting on the train. Not because Oliver didn't like Harry or something like that, or that Oliver wasn't a genuine person, he just had different priorities than other people's welfare; priorities such as be smugly loud about stuff, winning quidditch cups or listening to very weird muggle music. People's welfare came after those priorities, so Percy thought it seemed hardly possible that Oliver genuinely worried about Harry Potter fainting on a train because he would probably realise what this meant in a week or so. And his friend's answer matched perfectly his knowledge of him. "Yeah, what if dementors pop-up in the middle of a game and he faints again? We don't have a seeker's replacement! D'you reckon we should? I don't think we should 'cause, let's face it, Harry's the best seeker in Hogwarts, hiring lesser than him would be very offensive and counter-productive, because of all those hours training the new seeker, can you imagine?! And all for nothing, because Harry's the best, y'know. But the dementor-and-fainting stuff I don't like very much. So anyway, I was talking about that with Alicia, and then I was almost into the Common Room and there were Angelina and the twins in front of the door, so I stopped to talk with them and then Angelina told me to fuck off and I was like 'what?!' and she was like 'Yeah, Harry's been fragile so don't put pressure on him and go take a walk or something' and then I was like 'Yeah, whatever'' 'cause I saw you lurking in the corridors