Disclaimer; I own nothing to do with the hunger games or the last of us. I'm also sorry for any spelling or grammar mistakes. The few remaining. Prologue. Peeta's pov. I sigh, rolling the window up on my ford pick-up, the stifling mid-night heat causing the sweet rolling down my back to stick me to the dirty, brown leather seats. Patched and worn, just like the rest of the pick-up yet it does the job of getting me from A to B and other tasks that's needed of it and the fact remains that with my current wage I don't even come close to being able to buy a replacement. Not that life for us is hard, we get by... just and any money I do save goes to my family so that they can enjoy themselves, myself included for one thing I learnt about my... shall we say troubled upbringing is that family comes first, my wife and child's happiness and safety comes before anything else. The complete opposite to the house I grew up in, which brings me back to now. The pedantic voice of my older brother Rye droning onto me through the mobile but honestly I drowned out the sound of his voice nearly a mile back only offering a gruff grunt at the appropriate times because every month or so we go through the same routine of him begging me to come home or at least tell him where I live. I lost contact with them when I ran at fifteen, now at the age of twenty-one I haven't been back to my home-town and I plan to keep that hell locked there away from my family. " Peeta!" jerking the phone away from my ear, guessing that the need for Rye to be shouting at me was I'd completely ignored him. " Rye, quiet down. It's nearly Mid-night!" I whisper yell at him angrily over the mobile. We live in a quiet neighbourhood and shouting carries for a distances. "I'm home-" "Which is where Peeta! It's been five fucking years and nothing, not a visit, letter or anything! Christ tracking your number took me a year, then I learn you have a family, a wife and daughter that we've never met! What was it a one night stand and you did the honourable thing-" "Fuck off Rye! Don't even say anything to that liking again... you... know why I will never subject MY wife and daughter to that hell-hole I climbed out of. So do me a favour and don't call again!" ignoring his hastily apologies I hang up, blocking his number to stop the number of texts I'm sure would litter my phone otherwise. I'll probably speak to him within a month or two but at this moment I can't even think about him or the rest. Stuffing it back into my pocket I look up at the house through the windscreen. The single story house, light cream with the sky blue door. Our small green lawn in-front, wild flower planted and maintained around the edge but also with a small number of child toys littering the lawn. The mess, though knowing I will clean it still brings a smile ghosting my lips at the thought of my little girl playing in the sun with her mother. Again something I missed in my youth along with my father but something that fills my daughter life both her parents being there as much as possible. Stepping out the car, pushing closed the door I walk the short distance up the path to the house, my breathing and whole demeanour changing into a relaxed state with every step closer. It's the effect of the people inside that have that effect on me and from the soft glow coming from behind the window vales I'm guessing my wife is still awake. Unlocking the door, quickly closing it behind me and kicking off my dirt ridden boots, dumping my rucksack at the door I go to enter the living-room only for the door to swing open and the arms of my wife wrap around my neck. " Your home! Finally..." as she nuzzles into my neck, I release a relaxing sigh noting again the calming effect my wife has on me. " Sorry I was home a bit before but the call took up some time." I explain, this in return causing her to pull away slightly giving me a worried look. " Everything go ok." she asks, the worry evident in her voice. " I'll let you know next month." she understands, this not being the first time and she being the only person outside of my family and a select few, most not of my choosing that know fully about my... childhood. " I love you..." "I love you to Clove Mellark." the name always bringing a smile to both of us as I lean down to catch her lips in a heated kiss. As soon as our mouths touch, my tongue runs across her bottom lip begging for entrance to which she happily obliges. The soft groan, moan of pleasure emanating from both of us as our tongues meet and start the dance for dormancy mine winning out in the end before I start to trail a series of heated, nip kisses down her throat, sucking lightly just above her collar-bone. " mmmmh... as... as much as I would really like this to... ha!... continue your... your daughter is in the next room." Clove manages to slip out before gripping me tighter. I groan knowing I need to stop and calm myself before going into the living-room. " Nice Clove could have warned me..." I sigh out, she laughs and tells me that she wasn't the one who started it and I can't fault her there. Taking a few moments to collect myself I brush into the living area, my eye's landing on the soft form of my little angel slowly rising from her sleep. " Mfhffff..." mumbling as she slowly sits upright, Clove sitting down next to her and helping her before her sleepy, bright silver, blue eye's lock onto me popping open. " Daddy!" she scrambles about, holding her arms out open to me as I walk over and pick her up. Hugging her tightly as she hugs back, her little arms encircling my neck. Bouncing her lightly in my arms I pull back a little to look at her. " What's my little princess doing up so late?" I question her, getting a toothy smile in return and a squeal. " Home for Daddy!" I smile back down at Ellie Mellark. Nearly three years old she can talk simple sentences, though she may still get the punctuation wrong we both can understand her meaning. Tracing her face lightly I brush some of her curly, deep strawberry blonde hair out of her eye's. A mixture of both her mothers and i's hair but my curls. She likes to keep it short, mimicking her mother's style. Her eye's, those deep bright blue eye's laced with silver are from my side of the family, my great granddad and something that Clove and I are extremely happy about. She was the perfect combination of both of us and we strived in life to give her the best of the world. " Mummy! Giwft!" she demands, turning that glare she inherited from her mother to her mother as I look at her confused about the gift. " She wanted to give it to you today, you who keeps on forgetting what today is." she smirks holding a small rectangle box out to me, hastily wrapped with sticky tape all around it. Ellie style. I smile looking at them both, today is my birthday and it's not something I choose to remember because of the fact it's the anniversary of when I ran away from home but for my family I'm willing to go along with it. For Ellie, anything. " For me! thank you both!" sitting down on the sofa, Ellie remaining in my lap as Clove joins us. " Open daddy!" "Bossy boots." I smile back at her, just like her mother Ellie seems to having taking to bossing us around, even though I don't mind I'm well aware that she has me wrapped around her fingers. " Thank you both." I tell them, not planning to take my time on opening it but with the amount of tape covering it it takes awhile. Finally getting into it, much to the amusement of Clove I pull out the plain white box before opening it to find a pocket watch laying in the centre of the box, the small golden chain wrapped up next to it. Carefully I take it from the box, staring at it. The golden circular watch, noting the intricate design around the edge of frame. Opening it up and blasted back to my childhood, the watch I had received from my grandmother during her will. It was a favourite of mine, something that had belonged to my grandfather and I always would have him show it to me. The intricate design of the working mechanisms inside as all the clogs turned together. I had lost it, not misplaced but rather it had been taken from me and destroyed as punishment and had been a horrible blow to me. Clove knew the story and how I always sought a replacement and here I held one in my hand, not completely the same but close enough to remind me of that gift and different enough to know this came from my family. Looking on the inside of the case I see the engraving on the metal. Peeta Mellark. Worlds best daddy. Love Clove and Ellie Mellark. " Daddy like?" Ellie questions me, as I turn and smile brightly at her and Clove before kissing her forehead. " Daddy loves." I confirm for her, earning her biggest, brightest smile ever and a hug from both kissing Clove and whispering my thanks she nods. We spend only a small time, enough for me to drink a cup of tea, the watch always remaining in my hand before Ellie has nodded off back to sleep and I carry her to her bed, softly closing the door after tucking her in. walking back to the kitchen, Clove standing by the sink washing the dishes I walk up behind her my arms wrapping around her waist as they slowly rub and caressing her taught stomach, burying my head in the crock of her neck. " Peeta... these dishes need washing... mmm..." her protests die in her throaty moan, as she presses back into me. Grinding hard against my strained member which only spurs me on and I growl back at her not intent on letting anything stop me from ravishing the petite beauty in my arms. She turns into me, whispering sexily into my ear before biting the lob sending shivers coursing through me. " Someone else can do the dishes, we... need... a hot... steamy... shower..." each word punctuated with a nip before sucking on that sweat spot just below my ear. I have to swallow the moan so as not to wake Ellie up. Lifting clove into my arms, her legs instinctively wrapping around my waist I carry her towards our en-suit. Lips connected and duelling tongues trusting into each others mouths as her hands roam over my torso and start unbuttoning my shirt. Soon, a trail of clothing from the kitchen to our bedroom we're both stripped naked our whole bodies pressed together with cloves back against the cold, hard tiled wall. The door closed I turn the shower on and begin my assault on her body, Clove as equally as me in my arms in pleasure. A perfect ending to my birthday. I'm not sure what wakes me, eye's snapping open, mind and body alert and pulsing but laying completely still, clove semi-naked, only the