A/N: Long time no see, everybody! :D I am here with a two-shot. This one is a little (okay, VERY MUCH) longer than normal. It's an entire, proper story in itself, but I felt it better to post it in two parts, rather than dividing it into a multi-chapter fic, because that would break the flow too much. It's a bit slow towards the start, so give it a chance ^^ I hope you like! :) Disclaimer- I don't own Harry Potter. Grave Keeper . . . As these waves crash against the highway cliffs, I'm so scared they'll flood me where I sit, Well, the roads, they change to waterways, They never carry home . . . Draco really fucking hates rain, not to mention that depressing, haunting aura that seems to surround the cemetery every time monsoon comes around. Teeth gritted, his fingers dig painfully into the shovel in his grip as he leans forward, ploughing the shovel into the mud with all his strength. He must really be mental if he prefers the presence of dead people as opposed to live ones. Wiping away soaked blonde locks from his eyes as the rain crashes down all around him, he doesn't even cringe at the squelch of mud under his shoes, staining the edges of his navy blue coveralls. Oh, how things have changed. If it had been a year ago, he would've thrown a hissy fit over getting dirty. And now, he practically digs up mud for a living. Digs up graves , to be exact. "Fucking graveyard." It's cold and he's sweating profusely, and his baggy clothes stick uncomfortably to his skin as the rain crashes down. He stands back to regard his work. A perfect rectangular grave is around him- with him standing right in the centre, muddy water up to his waist as the rain fills it with fervour. He can see the faint glimmer of moonlight shimmering in the water in the midst of the heavy downpour. "Great." he mutters under his breath, "I don't even know why I bother." The embers of his previous anger have rushed away, leaving behind a cooling numbness in his head that never fails to feel absolutely fantastic. Maybe that's why he does it. Grabbing the edges of the squelching soil of the pit, he hauls himself up, not aware of the presence of someone else- of the sounds of footsteps making their way towards him in the foggy wisps of rain. Taking a deep breath, he watches as the grave he has spent an hour digging is flooded with dirty, soapy water and rocks within a minute. But that's okay. He wasn't doing it because a dead body had been assigned to arrive. He'd done it because it has never failed to make him feel better about the dull, calm chaos that his life has become- and now as he shrugs off his soaking shoes, panting and shivering from the bitter cold that envelops him, he feels his frustration ebb away. And that's when he finally catches the sound of footsteps sloshing in the muddy pool on the ground and whips around, only to have a blinding white light hit him directly in the eyes. Letting out a loud curse, he shelters his eyes, and is able to make out the silhouette of a woman standing there, against the shadows. " Who the fuck -?!" " Malfoy ?!"- the voice that gasps back is hauntingly familiar. Squinting against the piercing light and the shower of water droplets raining down on him, he grits his teeth. "Merlin's sake, lower your wand, Granger!" he yells over the racket the rain is making "We're in the Muggle world, and I'd like to have my vision intact." The source of light is immediately re-directed and Malfoy blinks, purple lights dancing before his eyes as they hazily settle on the woman standing in front of him. It really is her. Hermione Granger. Her bushy hair are sticking to her in dripping dark strands, and her soaked robes cling to her body, accentuating soft curves. Judging by her composure, Granger is very much alert- her wand hand outstretched, ready to be wielded if need be, but she's staring at him in bewilderment. "Well, who would've thought there'd be a time when the Muggle would see the Pureblood covered in mud." he calls out, faintly unsure if his remark is insulting or complimentary. She hasn't really changed much. Grown an inch or two taller, filled out her figure. Her cheeks are flushed and she looks refined- even under the cascade of rain with water dripping past her lips. She opens her mouth once again in disbelief. " Malfoy …" He brushes sopping locks of blonde hair out of his eyes "Well, I can see cavorting with Weasley has impacted heavily on your intelligence. If you'll excuse me, I have-" "What- what are you doing here?" her eyes dart around as thunder roars overhead, raindrops splattering on the greyish pallor of graves around them "This is a Muggle cemetery!" "Ten points to Gryffindor." Her lips purse against the harsh rain that courses over them, bright eyes narrowing at him. "I swear to God , Malfoy, if you're upto something funny here…" He rolls his eyes "Look around, Granger. This is a graveyard. I'm sure the only people I can mess around with here don't have a pulse and sure as hell don't give a damn about-" "I'm serious -" her voice is firm, stoic. Chillingly cold, like it had always been when she regarded him. Something heavy drops in his chest. "If you think that digging up graves and hiding dead bodies is a funny way of getting back at Muggles, or- or whatever this is- then I'm disgusted -" "Oh, save it." he snaps, anger coursing through his veins "I have better things to do that go around digging up fucking dead bodies." Well, technically he doesn't. But she doesn't need to know that. "Then what are you doing here?" she glares. This- this is why he's always hated her- more than because of Pureblood ideals, more than because of her annoying know-it-all qualities or her tendency to always be able to outwit him. More than anything, it's this- how she seems to give everyone a chance except him . How her eyes turn imminently cold when they focus on Draco. This is why. "I'm not answerable to you." He spits back. He can't feel the cold anymore. The rain around him seems to barely help, blowing and whistling by in deafening roars. Lightning strikes somewhere nearby. "As an Auror, I have full rights to question you. And with you being on exile-" "They have a Trace on me thanks to that, Granger." He snarls. "And you have no right over me. I'm doing nothing wrong, so unless you can prove otherwise, get the fuck off this property. What the hell are you doing here at this time anyway?" She glares, pushing soppy strands of dark, curly hair out of fiery brown eyes, and her skin is somehow shining- eyes glittering so painfully bright in the dark fresh mildew of the background that Draco feels an aching tug at his chest. "I'm not answerable to you either." she says defiantly. He arches a brow "You'll find yourself terribly wrong." he stands as high as he can "You see, Granger, I manage this cemetery." Granger blinks, shocked, and Draco savours the expression on her face, even though he knows that there really is nothing to gloat about. Merlin's sake, all he's really done is tell her he works at a stupid graveyard. "You…what?" "That's right. I work here." he repeats "So I'd like to know what you're doing here at nearly midnight in the middle of a storm." Her eyes snap up to meet his. She still looks entirely too shocked to be able to say anything, but when she notices his glare, her lips thin into a scowl. "Never mind." she forces, teeth gritted "I'll be back when you're not there." He laughs. That's not possible. He's always there. He watches her spin around and stalk away and releases a breath he didn't know he'd been holding, the agitation still fresh in his chest. His clothes are soaking, sticking to his chest, rivulets of water chilling as they stream down the contours of his muscles, but he barely feels anything. Turning around only to find the grave he'd dug up flooded with muddy rainwater, he sighs and walks to the shed, grabbing a bucket and beginning the hour long process of emptying it out. By the time he's done, there's rainwater in his eyes, his anger is gone, replaced by bone-cracking exhaustion and the sound of the rain beating against his body, as he slowly makes his way back to his cottage. Flitting through the damp grass, Draco's eyes catch the faint hint of smoke rising in the air, and the glow of a cigarette. He groans. " Really ?!" he calls out "How many times have I told you not to smoke near my place, Harold?" The scruffy, square-jawed man cooped up against Draco's front door, safely under the protection of his porch, grunts and takes a long drag from his cigarette "It's my ruddy cemetery too. Ge' used to it." Draco looks at the man and shakes his head. He wishes maybe he wouldn't care, but ever since the war; there have only been a handful of people he's acquainted himself with- and oddly, he's made a point to care about each and every one of them. It's probably not that hard, since Harold and Amelia are really the only ones on that list. Well, the only live ones anyway. Draco's mind goes back to Granger and he scowls. He still doesn't understand why he's so bothered by it all- but there's a certain apprehension at the back of his mind that maybe Granger might tell everyone about where he is. He has more or less come to terms with his past and his present, but not so much that he will willingly let himself be made fun of by Granger and her two minions. "Ya look stressed." Harold is gently blowing a puff of smoke in the humid air "More than usual." Draco sits down next to him "I…met a classmate back from school." "Lemme guess- he wasn't exactly impressed by your current job?" " She , actually. And no- I could care less about what my classmates think of me." Probably because he's been called worse, and done worse "I used to bully her in school. It was not exactly a welcome reunion." Harold lets out a bark of laughter. "A girl, eh? Used to pull her pigtails?! Call her ugly?!" Harold wiggles his eyebrows. Draco gives him a dirty look "She would be so lucky if she ever managed to get those mane of her hair into pigtails. And she was ugly." No, she wasn't. She never was. Liar. The glint in Harold's brilliant blue eyes is all too knowing as he grins, one gold tooth in the corner of his mouth shining "And how's she look now?" Draco's insides clench as his mind travels back to Granger at the cemetery earlier. She'd had her wand pointed at Draco, and her eyes had been bright- flashing brilliantly- and the rainwater gushing all around them had turned the soft angles of her face painfully harsh and attractive, the line of her lips a sharp, precise cut. Wet and dangerous was definitely a very good look on her. Draco folds his arms on top his knees and buries his face in them "Not that bad." His voice is muffled. When Harold offers the cigarette to him, Draco glowers "I'm not smoking." "Aah, come on, kid! You're one step away from being a depressed, lovelorn cliche! One drag won't hurt!" "No, and I am not lovelorn! And you need to quit."