A/N Sorry about all the re-uploads and deletes, I wasn't too confident in this story so I took some time to work on it, (you'll see a bit here in chapter one.) But I hope you enjoy! Story adapted from "Tower of God" by SIU A/N It's a little slow here in the beginning but it's important so read it :P (This story may not be continued, please read A/N at the bottom after finishing the chapter) The world was dark. The world was cold. It cared not for the poor. It cared not for the weak. And so, I took it upon myself to build such a was filled with light. A world that was alive. That did something with the poor and the tired. I, along with my comrades, destroyed the old kingdom. We banded together, we aspirers. Marched on to the great gate. Every step bloody, every loss they took was worse than the last... Years ... It took years to take the keep. However we prevailed. I broke that door down with my bare hands, and watched as my soldiers tore those tyrants and nobles apart. The Queen was screaming- And, as I held her crown in my hands and looked at the ragged reflection in the metal, and at last I saw what I, and what we had come to be. I surveyed the landscape. The remaining of the tyrants huddled in the corner, cowering in fear. At last they saw. Saw what we had become. We were the darkness. We were the terror, the frigid cold. I cared not for the cold, dying woman on the floor. For she was weak, and I was strong... The world is dark, the world is cold. So it will be until the day we ultimately destroy ourselves. And so vengeance shall be rot. Unto the wicked and the vile, a death of deaths awaits... Ashes to ashes and dust to dust, we are nothing but dust and so dust, we shall remain. What have we become... I am a tyrant. I am a God. Now see what I have become. Perhaps, one day a hero will rise against my reign. A true hero, not a tyrant whose heart is swayed by the richest of this tower. Here I sit on the final floor. Waiting. Contract Perseus Jackson, known as "First Party," agrees to enter into contract with King, known as "Second Party" on date 5/23/29759 This agreement is based on the following provisions. 1. First Party will be transferred to Second Party's world. 2. First Party will be able to return to Long Island New York of the United States of America if First Party is able to reach the "top floor in Second Parties world. Furthermore, the First Party agrees: 1. All weapons and powers are taken away granted for powers/weapons applicable to Second Party's world. 2. First Party's memory will be wiped. 3. False, but appropriate memories will be given to Party One The terms and conditions laid out in this contract constitute the entire agreement. Any additions, waivers, or conditions must be put forth in writing and signed by both parties. Invalidity or unenforceability of one or more provisions of this agreement shall not affect any other provision of this agreement. This agreement is subject to the laws and regulations of the state of {God}. Signed: Perseus Jackson Signed: God King Contract Annabeth Chase, known as "First Party," agrees to enter into contract with King, known as "Second Party" on date 5/23/29759 This agreement is based on the following provisions. 1. First Party will be transferred to Second Parties world. 2. First Party will be able to return to Long Island New York of the United States of America if First Party is able to reach the "top floor in Second Parties world. Furthermore, the First Party agrees: 1. All weapons and powers are taken away granted for powers/weapons applicable to Second Parties world. 2. First Party's memory will be allowed basic knowledge about goals/intentions. 3. False memories will be added about Second Party's world The terms and conditions laid out in this contract constitute the entire agreement. Any additions, waivers, or conditions must be put forth in writing and signed by both parties. Invalidity or unenforceability of one or more provisions of this agreement shall not affect any other provision of this agreement. This agreement is subject to the laws and regulations of the state of {God}. Signed: Annabeth Chase Signed: God King Modern Time. " Annabeth!" Two pairs of running footsteps echoed their way down the pitch-black cave. The voice called out again. It was male; a young boy's plea. The clear, innocent voice rang hollow and deep. " Annabeth! Stop!" The echoes grew stronger, and the jagged walls of the cave seemed to magnify the despair in the boy's voice as he called out yet again, his voice close to cracking, " Please, stop!" The footsteps drew closer, faster now, as if whomever the boy was chasing had decided to make one last spurt of effort to escape. Within the dark cave, two figures slowly loomed into view. One boy, and one girl. The girl was ahead. The boy was a few healthy steps behind her. They were both running. The girl was blonde, her hair tied back into a ponytail (although it had fallen loose, slightly). She was wearing a drab, brown skirt, a frayed red ribbon tied into a bow around the waist. She was barefoot. A few seconds later, the boy emerged chasing after her, a desperate glint in his large, green eyes. He had jet-black hair down to his shoulders. He wore a red vest, black breeches, and a brown cardigan. They were a bit too large for him and the cardigan billowed as he continued to follow the girl's footsteps. He, too, was barefoot. This running chase continued for a few more seconds, both of them running through the winding passages of the dark cave, which seemed to go on forever, its walls extending infinitely towards both ends. Suddenly, they both emerged into a large, cavernous chamber. The rocky partitions on either side seemed to disappear at right angles, and the burst of cool air signaled that the space between them had gotten significantly bigger. The girl was slowing down now, gasping and panting. Seeing her distress, the boy put on an extra spurt of speed. His fingers snatched at the girl's lace ribbon, once, twice, before finally catching on. He let out a triumphant grunt. "Annabeth! Stop!" He yelled for the final time, as both of them came crashing down onto the granite ground. The girl spoke for the first time. Her voice sounded pure; clear as the singing of a songbird. She also sounded desperate, but in a different way. Mixed with annoyance, perhaps. " No, Percy!" She yelled, from her spot on the ground. "You can't come with me, how many times did I – " The boy – whose name appeared to be Percy– started crying. The hollow ringing vibrated off the cold stone walls. The girl's voice immediately became softer. "Percy, I told you. I told you loads of times, that I'd have to go away, that you can't come with me…" Her eyes hardened again, and she hesitated for the slightest fraction of a second before continuing. "I have to climb the Tower." The boy named Percy shook his head violently; indeed, his whole body was trembling. "I don't – " he grit his teeth. "I don't – I don't get it! I don't understand – why!" The girl – Annabeth– sighed and closed her eyes. "How many times do I have to tell you, Percy? Once I can climb the Tower – once I've reached the top – " Percy had begun crying, his breaths coming in sobbing, bated gasps. Annabeth ignored him. " – I can do whatever I want to. Things you can't even imagine." She sat up, excited. "Listen. Listen. " The boy stopped crying, silently wiping his eyes with his slightly worn-down cardigan, where many tears have dissipated. His eyes were still puffy and red, but by stopping he exuded his strong will to listen; a dog and his owner. "Can't you just see it?" Annabeth smiled, her eyes traveling upwards, into the pitch-black cave above. "Light. Light! Reaching out in all directions, as far as the eye can see. (-here she stretched her hand toward fraudulent sky-) And green – plants, Percy. Real, living plants, plants that you can feel. " Percy breathed more slowly. Annabeth went on, unperturbed. "And when the moon falls – the stars, – they come out of the sky, and there's literally millions of them, dotted across the blue sky like sequins on silk. And they glimmer – like your eyes. Except a thousand times brighter." Her eyes, which had softened, seemed to return to reality. " That's why I want to climb the Tower. I'm sick and tired of living in this darkness." Silence reigned for a few seconds. Both of their breathing had returned to normal. "…take me with you." "I can't." Her previous songbird-like voice had faded, replaced by a slightly pleading, nearly desperate, nasality. "I have to go by myself. I have to." Percy seemed to be just ready to cry again when the ground began to shudder, the smallest pebbles already starting to lurch over the minuscule cracks that had formed in the dirt. Annabeth smiled faintly. "It's happening," she whispered. A tinge of excitement crept into her voice. Percy's eyes widened in fear. His voice, conversely, reeked of the greatest despair. "Take me with you, Annabeth, please, I can't live without you – " He grabbed her by the shoulders as the cave began to shake violently. Behind Annabeth– on the ground – through one of the largest cracks, a pure, blinding yellow light began to seep into the cavern. Percy became temporarily mute as the yellow light grew around them, extending its smoky tendrils around Annabeth as if it were enveloping her inside. Through his clouding vision – whether through tears, or the increasingly obscuring golden light that fell like a veil between himself and Annabeth– Percy reached out a hand, grasping away at nothing. Her voice now seemed to come from everywhere, yet nowhere. The faintest shadow remained where Annabeth had existed, just a second before. "Sorry, Percy," the cavern echoed. "I need to go. Try to forget me, okay?" Percy fell on his back, staring up at the cave ceiling, wildly looking around for any trace of the light, so he could follow it, find Annabeth– " – so that I can be reborn again." Annabeth's voice faded away. Percy was left alone. A deathly silence permeated the cold walls, the walls which he knew, now, he would find to be his permanent grave. With Annabeth, it was a home, perhaps not the most welcoming one, but a home … without her, now, it was nothing but a vessel for his body, a lifeless shell of what he and his life formerly used to be. Everything he knew, everything he learned, had come from Annabeth. And now, she was gone. Just like that in a whiff of smoke. A sudden noise startled him from his depressing reverie. He looked around; a solitary tinge of golden light had remained where Annabeth once was; a small pebble. He sprung up, and then dove- his body roughly hitting the smooth rocks of his abode. -Now curling up in pain, he grasped the light close to his heart thinking it would disappear any second. Once Percy was sure the light wouldn't leave him, he carefully opened up his palm- peering into the small cracks of his fingers. "-W-will you abandon me too?" Percy knew it was a incoherent question to ask to the light, but couldn't help it in his new found realization of being all alone. "Will you leave me like she did?"