Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or the characters. Please enjoy! This is not your typical FanFic, and the characters may be used in a different capacity than what you're used to! EPOV for now. May be BPOV in later chapters. M for lemons. All human. Chapter 1 Law. It had been my career choice since I was five years old. Not from my own choice, but because of my father's choice for me. I would be lying if I said it didn't enthral me, but after graduating college, and then further graduating from Harvard Law, the last thing I wanted was to become an associate at a law firm. Now don't misunderstand me, I graduated in first place in my class and had offers from the top ten law firms in New York. And I declined every single one of them. I knew almost everything there was to know about law, I studied my ass off in college to make my father proud. But as I studied, I also learned how corrupt, cut throat and undeniably stupid the whole system was. So after graduation I got approached by the FBI, and I gratefully accepted a position as Special Agent for National Security. I'd been here five years. They used me for my expertise on law, and now it had came back to bite me on the ass. "I hope you understand the implications of your assignment, Edward." I stared up at my boss, nodding my head with a slight scowl. "I do. Though, I don't quite understand why it's me that has to do this. Plenty of the agents have a law degree." "Yes, but none of them are as well versed as you. And none of them would be able to make partner as a first year associate." My eyes widened, staring at Agent Weber with disbelief, "Excuse me? You want me to make partner?" "If that's what it takes, yes." He sat forward in his seat, "You will be undercover at Cullen Hale law firm. They've checked out your background history all the way up to graduating Harvard, and they are very excited to have you join their company, especially as a first year associate at thirty years old. The last five years of your employment history have been taken off record for the duration of your assignment, and they've been informed that you've been travelling for five years." He raised an eyebrow at me, "On daddy's money, of course. The Masen name will do you very well at Cullen Hale, your father owns three massive law firms in America, remember that. Of course, you will have to do associate work to keep up the pretence, so be aware of that. Carlisle Cullen is the Managing Director and he is the person who has called us in to investigate the firm. There is evidence to believe that embezzlement and fraud is occurring, and given that it is New York's biggest and most successful firm, thousands of people and billions of dollars are at stake. Further, if documents are being leaked and evidence is being buried then our city is at risk, and considering they deal with people all over America, our nation is at risk. "You will be first year associate under Emmett Cullen, Carlisle's son. He's a senior partner, and even though they are family, Carlisle wants him investigated too. Jasper Hale is the other Managing Partner, and his daughter Rosalie Hale is the other senior partner. I will warn you, the Hale's are very cut throat, especially Rosalie, so you'd better take caution with them, and investigate thoroughly. You'll be placed with other first years, talk to them, bond with them, they will know more than you think. If you can charm some legal secretaries, paralegals, even junior partners... Do it. They'll tell you things without even realising it. Just don't make it obvious. We also don't know how long this assignment will take, so we'll convene every Sunday for an information brief. As of tomorrow morning you are no longer Special Agent Edward Masen, you are Edward Masen Associate, got it?" Gritting my teeth, I gave a tight nod and took my assignment folder from his outstretched hand, "Got it." I stared up at the massive building, the sun splitting through the other skyscrapers that lined the New York skyline. I had to admit, I loved the bustling city and business men and women rushing to get to work. I just wished I was going to work at the FBI headquarters a block away, rather than at Cullen Hale law firm. Already missing the comfort of my massive, glass walled, cherry wood office back at the FBI, I have out a long sigh and made my way into the building. The only good thing about this was I no longer had to wear my $2000 suits that I was too afraid to spill hot dog sauce on. Now I could get away with wearing my $500 suits and not look out of place. At reception I gave my name and was greeted with an overly cheerful woman who swiped a Cullen Hale employee card, registered it to my name and then handed it to me. "Here you go. Swipe it upon entry. Then head up to floor 30." "Is this whole place the firm?" I balked at her. She pursed her lips in amusement, "We are the top firm in America, sweetie." I just nodded my head, suddenly feeling like I was a first year and I was about to get thrown to the lions. I made my way to the metal turnstiles, able to differentiate between the partners and the associates, simply from the quality of their suits. The entire building seemed to be made from metal and glass, and I couldn't help but look around me with massive eyes as I swiped in and made my way to one of the ten elevators lined up before me. It was like being in the Ministry of Magic in Harry Potter, watching piles of people swipe through before heading straight for an elevator, gone within seconds. The elevator on the far right had a gold plated sign above it stating; Partners. Ok, definitely wasn't supposed to use that one then. Instead, I chose one of the other nine elevators, hitting button 30 and watching as a few heads turned to look at me. Yep. I was the new kid. When the elevator reached my floor, I made quick work of stepping out. It seemed the elevator was super sonic and stopped for only a millisecond. I glanced at my surroundings, wondering if there was a reception desk that I had to go to. Instead I was met with two large offices, both of them with a glass wall and door so I could look inside. Both had extensive bookcases lined up along the far walls. One filled with books, picture frames, and what looked like music, while the other was nearly empty. They had long dark wood desks, both with papers and files lying on top of them, and large black office chairs beside them. Sofas also adorned the walls, with coffee tables and a drinks cabinet each. I'd never seen anything more exquisite or expensive looking in my life, and I'd been to the Masen law firms before. My father didn't do things cheaply. Outside both offices was two cubicles, still massive but more reserved. Their tables had far more papers on them, and coffee cups lay beside their computers. I guessed, with quite a lot of confidence, that this floor, and the two large offices, belonged to Carlisle Cullen and Jasper Hale. Snapping me from my reverie, I suddenly noticed a small, almost pixie like woman, standing by the other elevator, watching me with amused eyes. "Hi." I stuttered out slowly. She rolled her eyes and laughed, "I know it's daunting, but you'll be fine. I'm Alice Brandon, I'm Mr Cullen's secretary." "Nice to meet you Alice, I'm Ed-" "Edward Masen. I'm aware. It's my job to be aware." She winked suddenly, and I couldn't help but laugh, "As you can probably tell, this floor belongs to the Managing Partners, Carlisle and Jasper." She pointed towards each office separately, and I noticed that the office with the filled bookshelves had Carlisle Cullen written in bold black writing across the glass door. Jasper Hale's name was stamped on his door too. "These cubicles belong to Maria and I." Alice smiled, "Maria is Mr Hale's secretary." She leaned closer, "Don't go near her." "Why?" I asked, puzzled. She simply smiled, "If you can, stick with people associated with the Cullen's. Carlisle, Emmett, their secretaries, their associates... They're all much nicer than the Hale's. Though don't misunderstand me... If you need help with anything, it's better to ask a second or third year associate than to approach Mr Cullen himself. You're just stupid if you do that." I just nodded my head, watching as she called another elevator. She hit the button for the 25th floor, all the while explaining what the other floor's contained. Floor 29: Senior Partners; Emmett Cullen, Rosalie Hale, "The Clear As Water Twins" Seth and Leah, Bree Tanner, and Jason Jenks. Floor 27 and 28: Junior Partners. Floor 26: Library (to be used frequently, according to Alice) When we got to floor 25, Alice gently pushed me from the lift. I looked back at her in shock as she stayed put, hitting the button to take her back to level 30. "He's all yours." She called out to someone behind me, and as she disappeared, I turned to see who I was now faced with. And as it turned out, she was the most beautiful woman I'd ever laid eyes on. She wasn't strikingly pretty, like some women who flaunted it and threw it in your face. She was natural. I knew I was staring at her, but it couldn't be helped. Her long brown hair flowed down her back, and a few of the shorter layers framed her pale, heart shaped face. Her large brown eyes stared right back at me, and I wondered what she was thinking. It was as if I needed to know. My eyes met red lips, plump and almost begging to be kissed. I wished I could. And I was shocked at myself, because normally I had to speak to a woman before I wanted to kiss her. She was dressed in a white blouse, tucked into a black pencil skirt that reached just above her knee. Speaking of said knees, her slender legs led all the way down to a killer pair of black heels that I ached for her to wear as I pinned her against the wall. Her figure was perfect, slim but curvy, and I somehow realised that to notice this I must have blatantly ogled the woman. I flicked my eyes back to her face, and I noticed that she no longer look dumbfounded like I had a few seconds ago, she now looked incredibly bored. "Are you done?" She questioned, and my whole body tingled at the sound of her voice, "I have work to do so I'd rather get this over with." "Umm..." I stalled, trying to think of something smart to say, "I-" "You're Edward Masen, I know. I'm Bella Swan. Follow me." She turned on her heels and led me away from the elevators and into the floor. There were rows upon rows of cubicles. There must have been about 15 or so in front of me. They were big cubicles, bigger than I imagined, each with a desk, lamp, filing cabinet and a state of the art computer. I let myself gawk for a few short seconds, watching as many people sat down at their desks and fired their computers to life. Some people looked like they'd been there all night. Bella, beautiful Bella, turned her head towards me slightly as she walked between