Hey guys, a little one shot for you all... I don't own Twilight or the characters. This story is based on the song "Say Something (I'm Giving Up On You)" Please review when you finish reading, this story was slightly hard for me to put into words so I'd love to hear your feedback. Tell me... What would you do, if the love of your life suddenly disappeared? Would you rather their eyes were cold, lifeless, and dead? Or would you rather their eyes were warm, alive, but not recognising you at all? You have five seconds to decide. What would you do? Go. ... I didn't see her as she was right now. I saw her as she was a year ago. Alive, smart, beautiful, and madly in love with me. Of course, she was still beautiful. Nothing could ever take Bella's good looks away. And she was still alive. To some degree anyway. And she was smart, considering the amount of brain damage she'd encountered. You see, my beautiful fiancée Isabella, had not been my beautiful fiancée for 374 days now. I counted each day like I was in prison. Because I was serving a life sentence without her. We'd known each other since we were children. We played in the sandpits at pre school. We shared lunch in middle school. We exchanged kisses in high school. Everyone knew I was in love with her. I was never the type of guy to hide my feelings. But luckily for me, Bella loved me too. I thought I could see it in her eyes everyday when I picked her up for school. But hearing her say the words, feeling her lips brush against mine... Made all my dreams come true. Her parents passed away in a car accident when she was just fifteen, and my mother and father decided to take her in. She was essentially an orphan, and then suddenly she became my "sister" for all intents and purposes. That does bad things to a guy. To be so in love with someone, and then feel weird about acting on it? It's like a kick in the balls. Luckily for us though, we lived in Forks. And everyone knew Bella and I weren't brother and sister, and so, our relationship flourished. By 18 I was proud to call her my girlfriend, and we moved to Seattle to go to College together. I became a doctor. She became a teacher. At 25 I asked her to marry me. I brought her to the restaurant by the docks, because it was her favourite. I got her white roses, because they were her favourite. I pre ordered cheesecake for dessert, because it was her favourite. I got down on one knee, and I whispered how she meant everything to me. I told her she was the love of my life. And I swore I would cherish her, love her, and protect her, forever. And she said yes. We had a blissful year of wedding planning; laughing at each other's silly ideas, crying when we agreed on the venue, the song, the cake, the flowers... Kissing the life out of each other every time it hit us that we would be husband and wife... And then, just like a click of my fingers... It was all gone. Say something, I'm giving up on you. I could remember it like it was a minute ago... Getting the phone call from the hospital in Portland, telling me my fiancée had been in an accident. She'd put me down as her next of kin when she sliced her hand for the thousandth time cutting vegetables in our apartment. I'd gritted my teeth that day, hoping that the next of kin would never have to be used. Surely she couldn't be so clumsy as to do something that severe where I'd need to be called. But this time she had. I'll be the one if you want me to. Though it wasn't her fault in reality. All she'd been doing was driving to meet my mom for her last dress fitting before the big day. The other car had veered off his lane and into her side of the car. It tipped. Crashed. Crumbled. And so did she. Severe brain injuries. I'd left work in Seattle, driving from one hospital to the other so fast I could've ended up in the bed next to hers. Because that's what you do. When the love of your life needs you, you go. When there is a chance that you will never see their smile again, or their eyes, you fight and you pray and you tell God that you'll do anything... You'll lose a limb, you'll take the worst illness he has to throw at you, you'll bring ten years of bad luck upon yourself... Just don't take her away... Anywhere I, will follow you. When I got there, I could barely see her under all the tubes and wires. I could feel myself shaking, I could hear myself saying that I'd always protect her, and I knew I'd somehow found my way onto the floor. Just like my promise, I was broken. I listened to all the babble the doctors had to tell me, but I could see no light at the end of the tunnel. There were two options; 1. She dies. 2. She lives, and she remembers very little about her life. How was I supposed to hope for one of those options? The last thing I wanted was for Bella to die. To see her body cold and lifeless... To watch her coffin be put into the ground. It was impossible for me to even think about. But to have her open her eyes and ask who I was... To have her look at me with polite friendliness, and not the love I usually saw seeping from her pores... It would break my heart. And I, will stumble and fall. It seems like there is an obvious solution. You wish for them to live. But thinking about the situation and actually being in it are two different things. If you've ever felt love, you'll know that it doesn't come by every day. You'll know that when you find "the one" you never let them go. But how could it be possible for "the one" to still be on this earth, but not belong to you anymore? Memories. History. Life. All washed away in an instant. But, I stood by my girl. I sat with her for four days as we waited to see if she'd wake up. I prayed that she would. I held her hands and tried to warm them up, trying to coax her back to life. Because I'd accepted that I'd lost her, but at least I might be able to see her smile one last time. And I'd be able to look into her eyes and screenshot the image in my brain. Bella did wake up after a week of being in hospital. When I felt her hand twitch in mine and her struggle for a breath against the tube in her throat, I pressed the buzzer automatically for the nurse. They came in within seconds, helping her breathe and adjusting her monitors, reading for signs and results of tests that I didn't even want to think about. All I could do was look at her. I stared, and I was so exhausted that my eyes couldn't even form tears. A part of me hoped. The doctor in me knew it was hopeless, but the Edward in me wished that she'd open her eyes and speak my name. My breath stopped as her lids lifted and the doctors spoke to her quietly, assuring her that everything was going to be okay. I knew then that I shouldn't have really hoped at all, because she was freaking out, glancing around the room like a deer caught in the headlights. And then finally, her eyes rested on mine. My heart leaped. My girl. Those brown eyes that had looked into mine a million times, told me they loved me, cried with joy, smirked with seduction, smiled with happiness... They were staring right at me. She was here. She was alive. Bella's heart still beated, and for that I would be eternally grateful. Our eyes had held and locked, and a second later they were gone. She looked away from me like I was only another doctor in the room. To her, I wasn't her fiancé. I wasn't her future husband. And I wasn't the love of her life. She didn't know me. And I'm sorry I couldn't get to you. I felt my world fall away from me that day, as if it hadn't done already. Every fibre of my being had been attached to Bella before, and now she'd cut the strings. I was lost. I was without the one person I needed. What was I supposed to do with my life? I had a mother, a father, a house, a job... And what did that mean? It meant nothing without Bella. People take things for granted, specifically people that could be gone in a second, and I cursed myself for not telling her I loved her every second of every day. I'd told her I loved her a million and one times, but it wasn't enough. It's never enough. That day, as they calmed Bella down and told her about the accident, my father had almost picked me up and carried me from her room. He told me I had to be strong. He told me I had to decide if I was going to tell Bella or not. As if there was any other option? Was I suppose to help her get back to health and then let her go off and get married to some other asshole? But Carlisle explained that things would have to be done slowly, and over the next few days I brought his plan into action. I talked to Bella's doctors and got her placed in a home hospital, where she would be cared for by the medical profession, and also me. I had a room at the hospital, just down the corridor from Bella's. I would act as her doctor, but in reality I would sit and talk to her everyday to try and get her memory back. I know, it sounds stupid. But it was better than rushing in there and telling her I was her future husband. At least if I could sit with her, be with her... Then I'd get to spend time with my girl, and she'd hopefully regain some brain functions. It started off slowly. At first, I just caught her up on current affairs as I pretended to check her charts. Then I got more courageous, I touched her arm to check her pulse. I got her to squeeze my hand to test her strength. I even got to give her a hug one night before she went to sleep. And anywhere I, would've followed you. Do you have any idea what it's like to be around the one you love, and they have no idea? Bella and I have a million memories, and yet she remembers none of them. It's like being on the outside of a book, wanting to get in. I watched her everyday, smiling at how her bottom lip jutted out a little further than the top one. I watched as she licked her lips before eating her dinner. I watched as she crinkled her nose whilst reading a book I'd brought her. I had a lot to be thankful for. I got to listen to her laugh, I got to see her smile and look at me with those big brown eyes. But I always wished for more. I wanted her to know me, to recognise me. I spent my nights dreaming about the feel of her hair against my finger tips,