Hi guys, I hope everyone enjoys this one shot. It was inspired by Celine Dion's song "My Heart Will Go On" Enjoy! I've always been very good at keeping my emotions to myself. It was a genuine talent I had picked up from somewhere between the ages of two and twenty two. Well, really it was from the moment I met her. Two years old and I'd been forced into a play group with five curious and playful children, five children who grew up to become my best friends. Emmett, Rose, Alice, Jasper, and Bella. My Bella. My beautiful, sweet, funny, smart, Bella. Except, from the age I actually realised the difference between boys and girls I shut off my emotions about her. I didn't know why at the time, but something in my head told me I must not treat her like I treated the rest of my friends. When I hit puberty I realised exactly why that was. I was in love with her. I had been since we first dared to taste the dirty sand in our kindergarten class. Bella Swan was attached to my hip. She was my side kick, always grinning up at me and going along with whatever I suggested we do that day. We all spent our days together obviously, but we all paired off. Alice and Jasper. Rose and Emmett. Me and Bella. I would never have dreamed of inviting Alice or Rose over to my house alone with me, but Bella was always at my house, in my bed, snuggling under the covers with me as we watched movies, listened to music, read books aloud to each other... Sounds romantic, right? Not even in the slightest. We never dared bring our relationship to the next level, like our best friends had done at the age of fifteen. Bella was too pure, too delicate. Now don't misunderstand me, I had various dreams of kissing her, touching her, making love to her. But we were friends, best friends. And I would never risk ruining our friendship by trying something she clearly didn't want. So instead, I shut off my emotions. I laughed at her jokes, I spoke to her everyday, I told her my secrets and I listened to hers, we helped each other study, we took each other to our middle school and high school dances... But on the outside I was calm and cool. I smiled and told her she was my best friend. Friend. Because I didn't want her pitying me simply because on the inside I was a wreck. I was completely in love with her and I couldn't show it. Bella would never love a guy like me. I was lanky and awkward, with hair that no matter what I did to it, it would just not stay still, and by the time I reached fourteen I just decided to let it be the wild bronze mane it clearly wanted to become. I liked my eyes though. But honestly that was only because one night in the forest Bella had drunkenly told me, in front of our friends and everything, that she loved my green eyes. She even told me she missed my glasses. Yep, glasses. I was known in middle school for being the smart kid with the black rimmed square glasses. But by the time we reached high school, I'd gotten contacts, and I'd spent months in the gym with Emmett and Jasper bulking out my frame. I was still tall and lanky, but from the age of sixteen I had defined muscular arms and legs, and even a slight six pack going on under my shirt. Not that anyone ever saw it. Especially not Bella. She, on the other hand, was the epitome of perfection. Small in height, slim in body. Dark brown hair floated down past her shoulders to the middle of her back, framing her pale face which held the reddest lips I'd ever seen, and the deepest, brownest eyes I've ever had the pleasure to look in to. And right now, I felt like I would never look into them again. I knew I probably wouldn't. I sat in my apartment, my head in my hands as I attempted to clear the fog the beer had caused in my mind. I had just said goodbye to Bella. Goodbye. Those words were never meant to be said by us. We pledged, time and time again, in middle school, in high school, even in college, that we would always see each other, we'd always live in the same city, meet at least three times a week for lunch and at least four times for dinner and drinks. And what did I have now? Four friends in Boston, and one... Not. It had been such an adventure for us, leaving the small town of Forks after we'd completed middle school and graduated from high school. We all moved to Boston to go to College, we all got apartments within spitting distance of each other. Four years we spent there until we graduated three months ago. Four years as the man in me pined for Bella more and more each day. I tried to go on a date once... It lasted ten minutes. I spent the rest of the night in Bella's apartment watching Buffy reruns and eating leftover pizza from the night before. The rest of the gang always left us to it. They didn't comment on the fact that I loved her... Though they told me countless times that she loved me too, she just had even less balls than me when it came to admitting it. I ignored their comments, but I did let them comment my dreams at night. But tonight I would find no solace. Tonight I would lie awake, and I would wonder why she left. We'd always planned on moving away after we graduated. Her dream was LA. My dream was her. But she announced to us all over dinner that she'd gotten a big job with a publishing firm, the best job possible after graduating with such a high scoring degree. I had held her tight that night in a hug, sniffing her hair discretely as my heart swelled with pride. And then my world came crashing down. "The job is in LA." She'd whispered. We all couldn't believe she was leaving, and I couldn't bare to even look at her. Tonight we had a goodbye party for her, and I cried. I cried like a fucking baby, because she promised she would come back and visit, and that we could come and visit her too. "But what about our pledge?" I'd asked her drunkenly, "Does that mean nothing?" She seemed hurt by my words, and I watched her as tears brimmed in her eyes. Shit. I hated when she cried. I felt like I was tearing my own world apart. "Of course it does... But I need to get away Edward... I have to." I didn't answer her, I just picked up my beer and took another swig. I felt deflated. I felt like my arms would never be full again after I'd hugged her goodbye tonight and kissed her forehead softly. I laid down quietly on my sofa, grabbing a cushion that somehow still faintly smelt like her. And then, I let myself dream. A place where Bella laid her head against my shoulder, her smile grinning up at me as she begged me to put on her favourite show. A show I hated, yet I did it because I would do anything for that girl. I woke up the next morning groggy and sore. My eyes automatically darted to the clock on the wall. Bella would be getting ready to go to the airport. Or perhaps she was already there. I pulled myself up, going to the stereo and putting on her favourite CD, making my way to the bathroom for a quick shower. I moved like a zombie as I washed myself and got dressed for the day. Making sure I had my keys and wallet, I left the apartment, not sure where I'd go, but knowing a walk would do me good. I cursed silently as I shut the door, remembering automatically about my phone still lying inside. I turned back towards the door, stopping suddenly as I saw the piece of paper attached to my door. Lifting it hesitantly, I frowned as I moved back inside, grabbing my phone and putting it in my pocket before I began to read. It was from Bella. I knew automatically just from the way she wrote my name on the first line. She'd been here... Some time in the last twelve hours. My throat constricted as I made the effort to read. Edward, We both know that by moving to LA, we will probably never see each other again. And for that I'm truly sorry. I'm sorry because I didn't want to ruin our friendship by moving away, but I couldn't continue to live like this. I love you, Edward. I have done since I could walk and talk. And the only reason I'm saying it now because I can hide behind this paper and never have to see the awkwardness on your face. But I hope it sheds some light on why I have to go. I wish you happiness, Edward. And I hope you find her one day. I love you, Bella. I wasn't sure how long I stood there for. It could have been seconds. It could have been hours, weeks, months. But I let it sink into my body. She loved me back. She actually loved me back. I laughed at myself, wondering why on earth my friends hadn't slapped me and told me sooner. Actually I was pretty sure Alice and Emmett both had on seperate occasions. But it didn't matter now. Because now I knew. My feet were out of the apartment a second later. I locked the door behind me, shoving her letter in my pocket as a smile broke out across my face so wide I thought it would break. I jumped in the first taxi I saw, instructing it to go straight to the airport as I text my four best friends; SHE LOVES ME! I'm going to the airport to get her and bring her home. I sent them all at once, before flicking through my phone to Bella's number, hitting dial quickly. I could stop her by phone call, and she could meet me outside the airport with a kiss. My first kiss with Bella. I felt giddy at the thought of her soft lips. Holding the phone to my ear, I heard her voicemail inform me her phone was switched off. I cursed silently, my foot tapping impatiently as I thought of my plan. Search every inch of the airport. Yep. That would work. I eventually reached my destination, shoving the money into the drivers hand before I jumped out, running straight for the entrance. Ha, this was like something out of a movie. Dammit, I should have brought flowers. Maybe a ring. I ran into the check in area, passing through the crowds quickly as I attempted to see her hair, her face, anything... But I couldn't. I growled under my breath, finding a security guard and touching his arm quickly, "Excuse me, I'm looking for someone, and I can't find them in the check in area. Any ideas?" The elderly man shook his head sadly, "If they aren't in the check in area then they'll have headed to departures, and you can't get in there without a ticket." I frowned, my eyes straying to the ticket desk before I turned away from him. "I'd check the departures list before you buy a ticket, son. She could've already left." My heart stopped at his words, and I moved in the direction he was pointing, glancing at the screen in horror as I