Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or the characters. Hi guys, this is another little one shot that's been playing on my mind and I hope you all like it! He stood by the entryway to her bedroom, watching her with her hands folded under her cheek as she slept soundly, her chest rising and falling ever so gently. He imagined it was his chest she lay against. He loved watching her sleep, and it was one of the perks of having different shifts at the hospital which meant he sometimes finished at 4am. She'd be awake in a few hours to go to work at the local high school, and he'd be sleeping. Dreaming, of her. He backed away from the door slowly, taking one last look at her, "Goodnight beautiful." He sighed, "I love you." As he stripped off his scrubs and clambered into his own bed, he imagined he was joining Bella in hers, finding solstice in her body warmth for a few hours before she left to go teach. Bella was his best friend, he knew he shouldn't have such thoughts about her. He was her rock. He was her safe place. And she was most definitely his home. But he sincerely thought he'd been in love with her since he met her. All those years ago, they were only students. He was in his final year at College in UW, on a placement in the hospital before he went to Graduate School for medicine. She'd come into the ER, shaking, tired, frightened. Once his eyes had found her, he knew they never wanted to leave her again. He'd gone to her automatically, like a pull, a tug, an anchor, weighing him down. This was why he wanted to be a Doctor. Because when he was a young boy, his mother and father had told him people would need help. People would need HIM. And in that moment he wanted nothing more than for her to need him. As he'd gone to her, she looked up at him with an almost ashamed expression, a purple bruise forming over her eye, and a busted lip alongside it. They stood just inches from each other, and he ached to whisper something to her, to ask her what was wrong. But he was afraid of her answer. Instead, and even now as he found sleep in their apartment, he could see her trusting expression as she attempted to smile at him. She'd trusted him without even a word spoken between them. And then she'd fainted, right into his arms. Soft, warm, but thin and tired. Sick. And he knew he'd never let her go. As it turned out, Bella was only in her second year of College in UW, and she wished to be a teacher. Edward had found that information out as soon as she'd woken from her fainting spell. He sat with her for an hour, counting her various injuries as she revealed them to him. A bruised eye. A swollen lip. A cracked rib. A sprained wrist. A cut forearm. A bloodied knee. A purple thigh. A blue stomach. He'd asked her softly, quietly, how this had happened. And even now, Edward's fists clenched on his duvet as he remembered her answer. "My boyfriend. My... Ex boyfriend." She'd blamed herself for everything. She blamed herself for discovering he'd cheated. She'd blamed herself for not trusting him, and making him angry. Edward had wanted to kill him. It surprised him, because he naturally wanted to help people, but this girl, so small, so fragile... He wanted to kill the bastard that hurt her. She deserved to be loved. She deserved to be worshipped. And he'd beaten her. Thankfully, she'd had enough. He'd treated her injuries and contacted the police for her. He stayed with her the entire time, smiling in encouragement whenever she got nervous. He'd had it confirmed to him that her ex had been arrested, and Bella had been released from the hospital. But he almost died from the loss of contact with her. He found himself walking to the English building after his classes, trying to accidentally bump into her. And after two months of trying, he did. She'd walked right into him as she exited her building, her hands holding a paper and her eyes locked on her grade. "Dr Cullen!" She smiled at him, and all Edward could do was stare at her in shock. She'd been so thin, so fragile. She was so pale, so scared and so beaten the last time he saw her. And yet she'd been the most beautiful girl in the world to him. But two months ago Bella had nothing on this Bella. She was wearing a light blue sweater and jeans. Her hair was dark brown, looking much healthier and flowing down her back, cradling her heart shaped face that held no make up, just perfect white skin, dark hazel eyes and plumb pink lips. She didn't look unhealthy now. She was still thin, but her cheeks were rosy and her hips were curvy. Kissable. She was glorious. "Isabella." He finally let out in a slight whisper, and she'd rolled her eyes. "Please, call me Bella." "Then call me Edward." He countered, and she blushed, "How are you, Bella?" Her blush deepened, "I'm much better. I'm eating again. I'm spending time with my friends again. I'm studying again." She held up her paper graded with a 90 mark as proof, "And I love myself again." She stopped short, "That sounds like I'm so full of myself." Edward chuckled, "I understand what you mean." The conversation flowed lightly between them, and they found themselves walking to the courtyard bench to sit down. Hours after, when Bella started getting cold, Edward offered her his coat and they walked to get coffee. By the end of the night they were best friends. She turned his life around. He'd been intent on finishing College at UW and going to Medical School in San Francisco. But he found himself choosing to stay in Seattle and choosing Medical School there. Bella became the closest person to him. He had plenty of other friends, but she was the one he thought of first when he wanted to make plans. They spent the majority of their time together, and after Bella graduated and got her first teaching job, they moved in together. They got a lovely two bedroom apartment in the city, with room for all of their belongings, plus Bella's books and his piano. It was the perks of a Doctor and a Teacher's salary combined, and he found himself imagining that if they married and had kids they would have the perfect lifestyle. They knew every little thing there was to know about each other. Edward spent his days dreaming that Bella would finally wake up and see what was in front of her. Him. But he soon figured out that she thought of him as her friend, and the guy that saved her from her abusive ex boyfriend. She was thankful for him, and Edward felt pride at that fact, though they never spoke of that night she entered the ER all those years ago. She seemed over it, but Edward wondered if she remembered it every time she looked at him. So he opened up to her. He told her about loosing his parents and brother when he was ten years old. He told her that he was alone in the world, and that he had nothing except the money he'd inherited, which he used to make himself the best doctor possible. And that night, when he'd told her, she'd put her hand on top of his and she'd whispered to him, "You're not alone, Edward. You have me." So now, here he was at 27 years old, a guy who lived with his best friend, watched her sleeping, and every waking moment possible, and wished nothing more than losing himself to her love. Bella stood at the entryway to his bedroom, watching as he slept soundly. He lay on his back, one arm on the duvet while the other laid outstretched towards the opposite pillow. She imagined herself lying against that arm, having him pull her towards him to kiss her forehead. She let that day dream take her to her happy place for a long moment before she sighed, swinging her bag over her shoulder and fixing her dress for the day ahead. "Goodnight handsome." She smiled slightly at him, "I love you." Later on that day, Bella made her way home, excited to see Edward, just like she always was. But today, something was niggling at her stomach. It had been that way for a few months now. Guilt. Edward was 27 years old. He should be settling down in a house with a girlfriend of his own. He shouldn't be living in an apartment with Bella. Yes, she was 25 and should probably start looking for a life companion, but the only one she wanted required her to look no further than her apartment. She hated that Edward pitied her. She was almost sure she could see it in his eyes every time he looked at her. It choked her, because she wished he could forget that night at the ER, just like she had. She wished he'd stop feeling sorry for her and just understand that she was a new woman since she met him. With a resigned sigh, she let herself into the apartment, the smell of lasagne hitting her nose automatically as Edward's favourite CD played throughout the rooms. She smiled to herself, her heart aching as she wished he'd just come out of the kitchen, bundle her into his arms and kiss the life out of her. But he didn't. Instead he came out with two glasses of wine, holding one out to her with a smile, "Happy Friday!" He grinned, "It was my turn to cook." "Aren't you tired?" She worried her bottom lip as she took her glass. "Slept for eight hours." He shrugged, "Plus I have the weekend off." "Oh wow!" Bella grinned, joining him as he sat at the kitchen bar, "What's your plans?" This was good Bella. Separation. Distance. "I was thinking we could go out for the day? Maybe like lunch and a movie?" We. It was always we. And as much as it thrilled Bella, she wasn't sure how much longer she could be around him all the time without screaming how much she loved him. "Sure." She nodded, watching as he got up and went to the oven, pulling the lasagne tray out. She removed her jacket and placed it beside her bag at her feet, smiling at Edward as he dished the dinner into two plates and set one in front of her. They began to eat in companionable silence, but inside Bella's stomach was like a washing machine. "Edward..." She started slowly. Edward's eyes looked up to meet hers, and he automatically knew she was going to say something he wouldn't like. But he waited. "I've been thinking... And maybe..." Her long hair fell down across her face to cover her blush, "Maybe we should find separate places to live." His fork hit the plate as his mouth dropped open. Had she really just said that? He searched her eyes, looking for a reason, wondering what he did wrong. How did he let this happen? "I just think..." She bowed her head gently, "You never bring any girls over... And I wonder if you just feel uncomfortable doing it because I'm here. And I don't want you to be uncomfortable." The excuse was pitiful. Edward didn't bring anyone home because she was already here! The realisation dawned on him before he could take another breath. She'd found someone. That's why she was saying this. And who was he to deny her happiness? What right did he have to keep her from