Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or the characters. Hey everyone, this is another one shot that's been running through my mind and I hope you guys enjoy it. It's a little different from the classic stories you find here. Jealousy Emmett: My head was going to explode by the end of today. Either that, or Rose was going to chop it off. She was completely stressing about our engagement party, and I felt slightly guilty for even proposing in the first place. God help me when we started planning the wedding. Added on to the "Wrath of Rose" (Jasper and I came up with that last night), was Edward. He wouldn't leave me alone. How was I supposed to know if Bella was bringing a date to the party? He had a bad feeling, he kept saying. Well, he didn't have a bad feeling when he continued to stay with Tanya after he had quite obviously fallen in love with Bella. He tore Bella apart by staying with Tanya, and he'd planned on surprising her today by announcing he'd broken up with her, and that he'd loved Bella all along. Ha. That totally wasn't going to work. I should call Rose and tell her we don't need fireworks, because a bomb was going to go off once Edward opened his mouth. Rosalie: Edward? What about him? Today is about Emmett and I, and the glorious ring on my finger. It was my happy day, I didn't care what was stressing Edward out, but I knew it was probably about Bella. Everything concerning Edward was always about Bella... Jasper: Ah, the crisp taste of brandy. Today was a good day. The birds were singing, the sun was shining, and the engagement party looked pretty good due to my wife's quick planning. It also made me happy to see Emmett stressing out over Rose. He looked like a fish out of water. Hilarious. What wasn't hilarious though, was Edward. He sat in the corner watching the door for her arrival. Bella had only become our friend a few months ago, five months to be exact. But we loved her just as much as we loved each other. Probably not as much as Edward loved her though. And it baffled me, because over the last five months we've all hung out together a million times, but Edward stuck close to the boys, watching her quietly, only talking to her to find out stuff about her. Meanwhile, Bella hardly ever left Alice's side. I saw her staring at Edward though, falling in love with him as she learnt about him. I had a good intuition about people's feelings, and it caused her a lot of pain to know he was in a relationship with Tanya. He'd since broken up with her, which was a good thing... But he hadn't seen Bella in a few weeks, so she had no idea. And I had the flickering notion that Alice was up to something today. I was scared. Alice: "Edward is already at the party." I told Bella softly, holding the phone close to my ear as I used my free hand to apply the last minute make up, "Tanya is arriving later on. Did you do what I said?" "Yes." Her voice was low. Nervous. "Good. I know you don't want to do it, but it's the only way to not be humiliated." "I know." Bella sighed, "I'll be over to the house is about a half hour or so." "No problem. Everyone is here already. Rose and Emmett are stressing. Jasper is calm, and I'm doing my make up." I laughed, "The guests have started arriving, so when you come in just come straight out to the back garden, you'll see me somewhere." She hung up the phone and I smiled at myself in mirror before I left the bathroom. As I made my way back downstairs, I took a fleeting look at Edward, his unblinking eyes trained on the front door. He was like a puppy. "Let's go outside." I told him and Jasper, watching as my husband appraised me with knowing eyes. He'd thank me later. We made our way outside and took our seats at our table. Edward counted the chairs slowly, his eyes narrowing as he took in the two empty seats. "Who are they for?" He inquired. "Bella." I said quietly, sipping on my drink. His face blanched. His jaw clenched. Good. Karma is a bitch. Bella: I was hyperventilating slightly, and I used my purse to fan my face slowly. "You okay?" Mike inquired gently, "We don't have to do this if you don't want to." "No I... I want to... We have to..." I explained again, my eyes pleading. Mike smiled at me in understanding, and I took him in fully, glancing at his dark blue suit. He'd grown up to be quite the good looking man. I'd known him since high school, and I'd asked him if he'd come with me to the engagement party today. He seemed shocked at first, considering he was now married to my best friend from school, Jessica. But when I explained to them what Alice had planned, they were very willing to go through with it. Jessica was more excited than Mike, and it was him that got to experience the free bar. We were going to make Edward jealous. We were going to give him a taste of his own medicine. Mike fixed his tie, "This guy deserves everything he gets, Bella. It's not fair for your friends to tell you he loves you, for him to ACT like he loves you, yet he has a girlfriend." "I know." I nodded, "I'm thinking if I bring a date he'll either get the hint I don't want him, and he'll leave me alone. Or he breaks up with Tanya and chooses me." "But you're hoping for the latter," Jessica smiled at me, rubbing her seven month swollen tummy, "Because you do want him." "Of course I do." I sighed, "I love him." "Well then," Mike announced quickly, placing a quick kiss on Jessica's lips, "Let's go make his sorry ass jealous as hell." He held out his arm for me, and I hugged Jess quickly before grabbing his elbow. "Lead the way, Romeo." Edward: I downed my third glass of whiskey, ignoring the burn as my eyes flicked to the patio door. How could I have done this? I had to be the stupidest man on the planet. Within a week of meeting Bella Swan I'd fallen madly in love with her. She was everything I wanted in a woman, and I hadn't even realised it. Small in height, slim in figure. Dark brown hair, bottomless hazel eyes. Pale face, red lips. And as if her body wasn't enough for me, her mind enthralled me. She was the most intelligent person I'd ever met. And her sense of humour matched mine on every level. She was perfect. And my girlfriend at the time, a tall blonde haired beauty, did absolutely nothing for me. Our relationship had been on the rocks for a while anyway, but I couldn't even stand to see her for longer than an hour at a time. I didn't want to kiss her anymore. I didn't want to have sex with her anymore. But I stayed with her. Because I'm a man and I'm stupid. Bella didn't like me like that. She was supposed to be my friend, nothing more. So if I stayed with Tanya, I wouldn't be tempted to make our relationship something it wasn't. And I could be happy with Tanya. I could. She made me laugh. She was sexy. She was easy to be around. But as the months passed I realised... She wasn't Bella. So I ended it. And now here I was, planning on telling Bella I wanted her, that I loved her... And she was bringing a date. Tears stung in my eyes and I wasn't sure if it was because of the pain in my heart, or the pain in my throat as I downed another drink. I set my glass onto the table, and in the same moment I heard the patio doors open. People were littered around the garden, some of them blocked my view. But after a second, I saw her. A white summer dress adorned her perfect figure, and her pale skin seemed even more angelic in the afternoon light. She held a purple purse in one hand, and on the other... She was holding hands with someone. My feet shot me up to stand automatically, and Alice and Jasper gasped at my reaction. My eyes flicked to the man by her side. Tall, stocky, a somewhat handsome face and blonde hair on top of his head. He was smiling at her, and she grinned up at him easily as he leaned down and whispered something in her ear. My fists clenched and I could've swore that steam was coming out of my ears. I'd lost her. It was so obvious. I turned away from them suddenly, walking away as my head hung in shame. Bella: "He's looking at you right now." Mike spoke in my ear, "Look happy." I let out a laugh, grinning up at him as he guided us through the party. I spotted Alice and Jasper, just as I witnessed Edward's figure stalking away from us. I glanced up at Mike and he nodded in encouragement. Sitting down at the table, Alice launched into full throttle mode, explaining the plan to Jasper quickly, who took it all in his stride. About a half an hour later, Edward returned. He glanced over at me as he sat down, and our eyes held for a long moment. Damn, I really did love him. "So Bella, who's your date?" He asked quietly, his voice somehow dripping with unfriendliness. "I'm Mike." He spoke from beside me, and wrapped one arm around my shoulders. Edward's eyes followed the movement, and my heart leaped. Was he jealous? "Mike." He almost spat out the 'ike' and I took a sip from my champagne slowly, "How did you two meet?" He asked the question as he lifted his glass to his lips, raising an eyebrow at my companion. "High school." Mike smiled, squeezing my shoulder gently before he continued, "You could call us sweethearts." Edward almost choked on his drink, his eyes turning to look more closely at Mike. But he didn't speak. Instead he just stared. I wanted to giggle, because Mike could lie so perfectly. I wasn't his sweetheart, Jessica was. But I leant against his shoulder and smiled up at him, "You're so cute." Edward slammed his glass onto the table, before narrowing his eyes at Mike. "Well Bella, I don't think he's cute." I sat up straighter in my seat, my mouth dropping open slightly, "I think he's a jackass." Mike glanced sideways at me, his eyes not holding any hurt, instead they were dancing. Because he knew we were annoying Edward. "Excuse me?" I bit out, setting my glass on the table as I stared at him. Edward stood up slowly, "I know guys like him. He'll treat you like crap. He'll use you. And then when he's finished, your friends will be the ones to pick you up and put you back together. I mean, look at him. His arm around you, acting as if he owns you! He's just another ken doll wanting a pretty girl on his arm." He pushed his chair back suddenly, letting it clatter to the ground as he stormed into the house. My cheeks flamed red, and I glanced at a chuckling Jasper and a satisfied Alice. "I'm so sorry." I murmured to Mike, "He doesn't have any right to say that." Mike rolled his eyes, "Just go after him, Bella. Give him a piece of your mind." With Mike's words I felt a sense of