Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belongs to Suzanne Collins! Hi, HungerMESGames here! I hope you enjoy the chapter (It's my first story ever) and since Zach is my own character I won't go into as much detail as Opal! I hope you enjoy it and remember to review it telling me what you think Opal Star POV – District 1 Again! The smell of burning flesh, the scared screams of my little brother as he struggled to breathe in the smoke filled air. The scent of charred wood and the sound of terrified screams bounced off the walls of my once luxurious home. Every night it was the same dream. The one where I was helpless, frozen in place, forced to watch the death of my whole family again and again. I could do nothing but watch and cry. They were all gone now, my little brother Max, my caring and kind mother and my hardworking father, all dead and it was my fault. I was a coward. Now there was nothing I could do because they're gone. The image started to fade and I could hear voices. "Opal, wake up" I screamed as I opened my eyes. I thought it was a peacekeeper, coming to take me away to the orphanage, where I belonged. Thank god it was only Ky, my best friend since the accident. Or my only friends should I say. Nobody understood me. They didn't know the pain I felt, the guilt. Only Ky understood, which is why we're inseparable. "The reapings are in ten minutes" Ky said. Oh no the reapings! I completely forgot. In my district, District 1, the reapings are considered a chance to prove yourself. A chance to win money, fame and fortune. Being the career district that it is, many people volunteer. But this was my year. I was volunteering. I'd trained since I was 8 for this moment. Even though I was only 14, which is considered too young to volunteer, I was going to do it anyway. I was ready now and I needed the money that you receive after winning. The abandoned building I was currently living in, on the edge of District 1 was too open and certainly not suitable for a future victor! I had to wear something nice I realised. The only place I was going to get something acceptable to wear was in my old house. Even though it had burned down, the basement was still standing. The basement was my floor, where I trained, slept and practically lived. "Come on" I called to Ky. I sprinted to my house in the middle of the district and skidded to a stop outside of a distant memory of my house. There was nothing there apart from a huge pile of rubble. I wiped my face clear of emotion, I didn't want Ky to see me as weak. I started towards my house and leapt through the piles of rubbish. I was surprise to see many of my family's personal items had survived. My mother's jewellery box seemed untouched and I bent down to open it. The polished leather creaked as it opened. I gasped as I realised it hadn't been touched. Her pearl necklace was still there. That was worth thousands! And her emerald ring and sapphire diadem. I lifted the diadem and placed it on my platinum blonde hair, I quickly glanced in my mother's favourite diamond encrusted mirror and I saw the diadem went nicely with my eyes bringing out the blue and making them pop. I was about to turn away when I saw a slip of paper. It looked like the thousands of slips heaped in the reaping bowls. On the front it said my name. Opal. I heard the sound of crunching glass behind me and I quickly shoved the slip into my pocket. "What was that" Ky asked "Oh nothing, forget it" I whispered Ky gave me a funny look but I turned around and went to find the basement door. I spotted it out the corner of my eye. I rushed over and flew down the steps, everything seemed perfect, untouched, almost like nothing had ever happened. Ky didn't follow me down, good. He knows his place. This was my area, in a way sacred to me. I had spent most of my life down here, happy and content. I stepped over to my room, the door was still ajar and I cried out. It was like my dream again but different, I wasn't sleeping so how… 'Opal' My mum had screamed. I jumped up and ran to my bedroom door, across the basement and up the stairs. I could feel the intense heat and I didn't understand. 'Mum' I had called curiously. 'Help mummy' I heard Max cry. I continued to run up the seemingly endless stairs and came to an abrupt halt. In front of me was a blazing fire. I could see it through the impenetrable glass door the flames licking at the barrier to the real world, my house. They danced and seemed to taunt me, laughing if fire could do such a thing. All I could see was an endless wall of flames and I blacked out. I woke up in the arms of a man, lying on the floor, I must have collapsed. I turned to see Ky holding me, stroking my hair and whispering softly to me. I leapt up "Get out" I screamed at him. He glared at me. "I was trying to help, can't you see that" "Out" I whispered. I felt weak nobody was meant to see me like this. I pushed Ky away and he stumbled back up the cursed stairs with a hurt look on his face. I slowly opened the door to my bedroom and walked softly across to my closet. I pulled a random dress out and smiled. My bridesmaids dress to my parents wedding. White with a black bow around the waist. How appropriate. I undressed and stepped into it. The silky smooth fabric felt the same as it did three years ago. I hadn't changed much since then, apart from losing a lot of weight due to my training regime getting harder as I got older. And the obvious, I no longer had my old life. My family, my friends and my emotions. I tugged the mysterious slip out of my torn jeans pocket and slipped it into a tiny pocket in my dress. I didn't have time to read it now. I sprinted out of the room and took the steps three at a time. The reaping was in two minutes. I would make it just in time. I would volunteer and make my district proud. Zachariah (Zach) Martin-Novata POV – District 1 "Zachariah, get down here right now" my mother called. My name is Zachariah Martin-Novata I'm 18 and I'm going to win the 98th Hunger Games I thought to myself. I leapt out of bed and landed lightly on my feet. I smiled. This is my year, I have to win! I ran down the stairs and sprinted to the kitchen. I sat down at the huge mahogany dining table in my seat, to the left of my father. My mother sat opposite me and my sister Silver sat next to her. "There's my boy" my father boomed. I was his only son and heir to his huge company, Martin-Novata industries. We created electrical goods such as computers, but not just computers, many other electrical devices that make life easier for the Capitol and our district. Since I was my father's only son, I was in line to take over, but I had other plans. I was going to win the hunger games, and when I came back I would expand the company into a multi-millionaire project. Inventing new technology to help Panem. My sister used to be in line but then she went into the Hunger Games. She won, as she is sitting next my mother right now. Silver Martin-Novata, my father's delicate little daughter. Or that's what he thought… Her games were by far one of the bloodiest I have ever seen. Mainly due to her. She hated being my father's little toy for him to show around to all his rich friends. So she volunteered after training for years and she ripped apart the competition. She murdered most of the careers and when the final battle came it was between her and her district partner Golde Harrod. She speared him through the neck and mutilated his body, shedding the good girl image she used to wear. My father was horrified and he wasn't the only one. Nobody expected her to win against a huge hulking career. But when she came back she was different. She was a shell of herself. People say she went insane after she realised what she had done and the grief overcame her. She's better now. She's not had a break down in two weeks which is a record for her. Anyway I wasn't going to turn out like her. I knew what the games were like, I was prepared. "We have to go now" my mother called out" I jerked out of my trance. My family and I all gathered our coats and left the house. We lived relatively close to the square so it wasn't a long walk. "Are you going to volunteer today Zachariah" my little sister Glamour asked. I had three sisters, my older sister Silver and my two younger sisters (who were twins) Glitz and Glamour. They were little devils and looked identical to each other. I could only tell them apart because I had lived with them for so long. My father turned in our direction and smiled at me. That was our understanding. When I won the games and took over from my father, sales would boom causing a huge income for my family so they didn't have to work again. "Yes" I replied curtly. I didn't want to have this conversation with Glamour as she didn't fully understand what happened in the games. Glitz and Glamour had been training for two years but my father didn't expect them to volunteer so they didn't give 100% when training. They more saw the Hunger Games as a fun event, which gave them time off school. The rest of the walk was silent, until we arrived at the square. I stopped and my mother turned back questioningly. I motioned for her to keep walking. She nodded. She understood that I needed a second to remove all emotions and become a different person. I had to win the 98th Hunger Games. Opal Star POV – District 1 As I entered the square everybody was already in place and the Mayor was about to begin his speech. I slipped in the 14 year old section without anybody noticing. I zoned out as I had already heard the speech a million times before. We need to repay the capitol for the rebellion the rebels caused… blah blah blah etc. I came out of my trance when I saw a bright, neon pink figure walk across my vision. A small, fat pudgy figure, with saggy grey skin and a bright pink dress that was way too short and inappropriate for the little kids at the front. She was considered beautiful, in a sick twisted way, by the capitol and was apparently only 20, but you couldn't tell due to all the surgery. Our escort: Tilly Virtanen, the most repulsive lady ever. Last year when a young boy was picked, she started laughing and saying how he was going to die a slow and painful death. Then someone volunteered for him. Everybody in our district hated her and since she was considered the best she got to pick her district, which unfortunately was ours, District 1! "Ladies first" she trilled in her sickly sweet Capitol accent. I poised myself to sprint to the