The day of the reaping has always been a morose day throughout the districts. Two kids from each district plucked from their homes and forced to battle in a free for all with twenty three other kids in the same situation that they are. Well that's not true, I think to myself, the tributes from districts one, two and four train from a young age and then volunteer for the games. Everyone else is just trying to survive, to see their family again. With one last sigh, I roll out of bed. Just because the reaping is today doesn't mean that I don't have to work before and after the ceremony. With the reaping comes an increase in the number of people in the district. People from the capitol have been coming and going for days, setting things up and getting the village square ready. All of these people are from the capitol, which means they have money to throw around. Our business always picks up around reaping day. I overheard pop once tell Don, my eldest brother, that we make more than half of our yearly profit during the setup for the reaping. As I exit our house, judging from the light coming over the horizon, I can tell it is around 6:30am; which means that I slept too late. I enter through the back door of the bakery as always, mom says the front door is for customers only. As I walk in my older brother Jeremy looks up and shakes his head. "You're late Petey," he said. "She's furious and pop isn't here." "It was an accident," I said. "Overslept." "She ain't gunna care," he said, turning back to the dough he had been kneading. "Well, at least it's reaping day. She won't do anything serious until tonight." Since I would be seen in public during the reaping she couldn't beat me too bad, at least not anywhere that might be visible. The last time I had messed up on reaping day she had ignored me all day, until that night at least. I still have a knot on the side of my head from where she hit me with the rolling pin, and that was two years ago. Pop knows that she hits us, but he always turns a blind eye to it. I often think back to what he told me about him wanting to marry Mrs. Everdeen when they were younger. I sometimes like to imagine what it would be like to have her for a mother. Of course I've never actually met her, but what I have seen of her around the village tells me that she is nicer than my mom. "Boy!" I hear from the back as I'm stocking the front display with fresh bread, cakes and cookies. I know she is talking to me because I'm the only one she calls boy. How pathetic is it that I haven't heard my own mother say my name in years? I walk through the door leading to the kitchen and see her standing by one of the counters. She doesn't say anything, she just holds out a list of things for me to do. By the look in her eye I can tell that there will be hell to pay tonight. I take the list from her and as soon as it is out of her hand, she turns and walks back to the office. The best way to pacify her will be to complete the list of chores as quickly as possible, it won't stop the punishment but it may lessen the severity of it. Hell , I thought, I'd take five lashes in the square just to get her to use my name again. The list of chores, thankfully, wasn't full of difficult tasks. However there were a lot of things on the list. It would take all morning just to do half of it, I'll just have to finish after the reaping . After I've scrubbed myself clean and put on the best clothes that I have, which isn't much just a blue button down shirt and some slacks, I make my way to the square for the reaping. The closer I get to the square the more people I begin to see. Most are like me just wanting to get this over with as soon as we could so we could get back to work. As I round the entrance to the square my breath catches. Standing not thirty yards from me was Katniss Everdeen, she was looking around frantically while clutching her sister Prim to her chest. It seemed like she was checking to see if any of the Peacekeepers were watching them. As she looks around I briefly catch her eye, but before I can acknowledge her she is already focused back on her sister. I don't even exist to her, I thought. And why should I? I'm just the baker's son. I'm not particularly good looking, and unless she needs a cake I don't have any useful skills. Before I can even finish my thoughts she has already moved on with her sister. I take my place in line and let the Peacekeeper at the table prick my finger. After I've registered, I find my way to the boy's side of the square and wait to see who the unlucky bastards will be this year. Nothing significant happens during the beginning of the ceremony. The Mayor drones on about the Treaty of Treason and how generous the Capitol is. Though it seems as though the district twelve escort Effie Trinket, has managed to make herself look even more ridiculous than in previous years. At the very least Haymitch never fails to entertain, he almost fell off the stage at one point. I was so lost in thought that I didn't hear the girls name as Effie read it aloud. In a near state of panic I look over to see if it was Katniss, but she is in the same place that she was the last time I had looked. She has a relieved look on her face, so I assume that it wasn't Prim either. After a few moments a small girl stepped out from the crowd, she couldn't have been more than twelve or thirteen. Her hair and skin color indicated that she was most likely from the seam, a mining family. The girl was visibly shaking as she climbed the steps and stood next to Effie. It was customary to have the tribute introduce themselves, but the girl was so scared she couldn't speak. "Speak up dear, it's alright," Effie said. How dare she tell this girl "it's alright." As if she has any clue as to what this girl is feeling. "Hollimae," she whispered into the microphone. "Wonderful," Effie said rather loudly. "And now… for the boys." I watch as she runs her hand through the bowl of names, mixing them up as she does. Once she was satisfied, she plucked a slip out of the bowl and made her way back to the microphone. "And this year's male tribute is… Peeta Mellark!" she exclaimed. What? Was the only thought running through my head. I had too many things to do today, so many things that I wanted to do. I couldn't have heard her correctly. I look around and notice that all the guys are looking at me. Oh shit, I think as I walk toward the center aisle. Looking up toward the stage I see the girl standing beside Effie, and while she is shaking, she is holding it together. The little girl is taking it better than I am, I noticed that a few rows up from where I had been standing was my brother Jeremy at the aisle. This was his last reaping. "During visitation bring the girl some cookies," I said as I passed him. He looked at me for a moment before slightly nodding. I continued my way to the stage, climbed the stairs and took my place at Effie's side. I looked out over the crowd and noticed that very few of these people cared for either one of us. My dad and my brothers I could tell were upset, but everyone else was relieved. I couldn't blame them I felt the same every year. I look over at Katniss and see that she is looking toward the boy's side of the square. I follow her gaze and find Gale Hawthorne, her best friend. I swallow my jealousy as Effie shimmies her way over toward me. "What is your name?" she asked. "Peeta Mellark," I answered. "And who was that you were talking to on your way to the stage, dear?" "My brother." "And what did you say to him?" "It's private." "And you won't share it with us?" "No." "Well, alright then," she says. "How about a round of applause for this year's tributes?" Her request is met with silence, as it is every year. I guess I had hoped that it would be different. That someone would say or do something that made this a little easier for me to bear. However, that was not to be as I was guided into the justice building and into a room to one side of the hall. The room was small, barely large enough to fit five people comfortably. I was in the room for maybe ten minutes before I have my first visitors. My family, well most of them anyway, it seems my mother couldn't be bothered to make an appearance. My father tells me to be strong, to listen to my mentor. I try not to think about how many of the tributes from our district have ever won. This is the seventy-fourth Hunger Games, and district twelve has had a total of two victors. One from the twenty-second games, she died before I was even born. And then there was Haymitch Abernathy, winner of the fiftieth games. He was a drunk and had never managed to get a tribute into the top twelve. My brothers don't say anything, they just look at me with pity. I avoid their eyes because I can't stand the look, I get the same look from them when mom tears into me. When the thirty-second knock comes from the door, they each give me a hug and tell me for the tenth time to be strong. As they leave, I sit down knowing that I will not be getting any more visitors. I don't have any friends, at most they could be called acquaintances. A few people that I talk to at school, but I never spend time with them outside of school because I have to work. This is why I was so shocked to hear another knock on the door about twenty minutes before I had to leave. While I was surprised to have another visitor, I never could have guessed that it would have been her. Katniss Everdeen walked through the door and stayed close to it, standing rather awkwardly. Her outfit has been changed, she is no longer wearing the dress from the reaping. Rather she is wearing a worn brown leather jacket over a green button down shirt and jeans. "Hi," I said. "Hi… I know that we're not friends, but I couldn't let you go to the games without telling you this." Oh my god. Is she going to tell me that she feels the same way that I do? Judging by the way she is shifting awkwardly it's pretty clear that she is nervous. I let myself have this moment of hope, but unfortunately fate is never that kind. "When you gave me the bread… I never thanked you for it. That bread saved my life as well as my mother's and my sister's lives. So… thank you." Oh, of course she doesn't feel the same, we've never spoken to each other. "You don't have to thank me Katniss,