The past honoured in the present, the present gambled for the future 16 th January, 1997 It has been twenty seven years since I first wrote in this diary. Such a long span of time as my little brain was scarcely capable of comprehending at that time, but as it turns out, I need not have bothered. Not very much has changed. I am older and I have a family, a wife and a child, but the basic facts of my life, sadly, are intact. I come back to the diary now, out of boredom, rather than any meaningful attempt to convert it into a publishable book, as I had once hoped to do. The thought of it makes me laugh. As a child, I was naïve and fanciful; as a young adult, I was an utter idiot, to carry on with the foolish hope that someday the magical world would be interested in reading the self-centered ramblings of a wretched werewolf. The worthlessness of my biography aside, there's another very good reason this diary should never be published. In writing accounts of things which have happened to me, I have stupidly spilled a thousand secrets – secrets that are not mine to share, secrets that should not have been committed to parchment in the first place. Indeed, it's a miracle that this diary never fell into the wrong hands. So many things could have gone wrong if it had. Not even if Voldemort is defeated will I be convinced that it is safe for these secrets to leave the confines of my knowledge and those of others whom they protect, whether dead or alive. Perhaps Teddy could read it one day. It is my wish, however, that he doesn't. There is enough about his father that will upset and embarrass him, without the added burden of knowing about these perplexing escapades. Dora knows most of it, of course, and thankfully, she is too impatient to bother to read the details. Our days are spent behind closed walls and security charms. It's just waiting and hiding, some Order business in between, then more waiting and hiding. The only times I glimpse open skies are the times I don't want to see them at all. The others say we are fighting, resisting. I think we are just… surviving. So here I am, dipping my toes into a sea of memories long buried. I will, perhaps make some corrections and adjustments, allow myself a few spells of nostalgia, and then, for the peace of everyone around me, close these chapters forever. R.J. Lupin 5th August, 2000 St. Mungo's was having a busy day. Someone had distributed Hiccupping Teacups at a child's birthday party (as a joke, of course) and nearly twenty guests had had to be brought in to Spell Damage. Normally, they would have been treated at Artefact Accidents on the first floor, but the hospital was short-staffed these days, with the result that everything which wasn't poison, a contagious disease or a creature bite, was being dumped on the overworked and increasingly mutinous Healers at Spell Damage. This suited Peregrin perfectly well. She had spent three months on the second floor, tending almost exclusively to wizards and witches stupid enough to contract C.R.A.B.s (Coitus-Related Ailments and Bugs). Not only did this involve looking at distinctly un-pretty body parts, she also had to listen to patients recount the sexual misadventures that had landed them there. Most of them were lonely and had no filter, often forcing Peregrin to wonder why Mungo's didn't have therapists, or why over-sharing wasn't enough of a reason to send people to Azkaban. Thrice, she had nearly been driven to hand in her resignation letter. (A letter that had been composed four years ago, and always kept within Summoning distance). It was nothing but the memory of previous jobs and the thought of having to face her mother again that had kept her going. Spell Damage was a huge improvement. She now worked on a wider range of cases, many of which were interesting enough to keep her brain from dying of disuse. There were jinxes which required innovative magic to counter, and curses for which new cures had to be researched, patients were occasionally in mortal danger, which made their whining more palatable, and most importantly, her new supervisor was Healer Pye. Healer Pye was unlike most other Healers at the hospital. For one thing, he was 33 - a normal, respectable age. The average age among Healers was 110. While this might signal good health to some people, Peregrin found it off-putting. Old age just meant that a person's sanity, their ability to see the world for what it really was, was slowly tapering off. In her opinion, the Healing community was a barmy lot. Another good thing about Pye - he was willing to toy with the boundaries of traditional Healing magic. He thrived on experimentation. After repeated demonstrations, and months of advocacy, he had got the hospital to start using Muggle stitches as a routine remedy for non-magical wounds. He had also introduced basic Muggle medical education into the Healing curriculum. These were considerable achievements for someone as young as him. He spent all his spare time reading Muggle health journals and was constantly talking about advances in 'neurology' and 'cardiovascular diseases'. While Peregrin respected his spirit, she had also learnt to tune him out when he started prattling about the wonder of x-ray machines, whatever they were. Peregrin had rounded up the Hiccupping group, made mostly of pre-adolescent children, into a small room near the main ward, where she was trying to assure them that they would be treated once the more serious injuries had been administered. It wasn't going over well; one irate parent, a mother, (the only one there, it seemed) was already threatening to get her fired. It wouldn't be the worst thing in the world, Peregrin thought, as she collected the badly scribbled, half-filled forms from the Hiccuppers. "Alright, Perry?" said a low voice near her. It was a young witch in bright blue robes with the St. Mungo's logo and a white 'T' embroidered on them, a wand tucked behind the ear, clipboard and quill hovering on her side. The name tag on her robes said Leah Strout, Trainee Healer . "Hello Leah," greeted Peregrin, as she returned two of the forms to the Hiccuppers, who had started hitting and poking each other, all of them except the parent, who continued to glare at her. "Just write your full names and ages," she told the children. "You don't have to write your pet names. Or your school houses." She glanced at the forms again. "Or Quidditch teams, bloody hell..." "Pye and Spleen are undoing a rogue Petrificus in there," she explained to Leah. "The patient hasn't moved in two days. Counter-curse isn't working. Don't know how it happened either. No family has come for him. He was brought in by a co-worker, works at the Ministry. She found him like this, lying near the fountain." "How do they know it's a Petrificus then?" asked Leah, her eyebrows raised. "Couldn't have been a Dark spell?" "Don't worry, Pye is sure he's petrified," replied Peregrin, inwardly rolling her eyes. According to Leah, everyone who came into Mungo's had been attacked by Dark Magic. "Why can't – hic – you fix us – hic – Miss?" asked one of the girls, waving her form in her face. "Because it's a Permanent Jinx," she replied, taking the form from the girl. "They'll have to examine for potential side effects before Reversing. I can't do that on my own." She looked at the form and swore under her breath. "What's 'Billy lurves Connie'?" The girl giggled, and pointed at one of the boy Hiccuppers. "Him. He – hic – lurrrves – hic – Connie. Don't you Billy? Don't you – hic – lurrve her?" "Shut up Tess - hic !" yelled Billy, his face completely purple, though it was hard to tell whether it was from embarrassment or the hiccups. "Don't you – hic – start again," shouted the mother, clearly out of patience by now. "You!" she yelled at Peregrin and Leah. " Hic - Do something! What kind of – hic – hospital – hic – is this? Do you know – hic – who I am?" Peregrin looked at the forms in her hand again. She grinned. Children did have some use after all. "Yes. According to this, you are Lady Barks-a-Lot." Five or six of the children burst out laughing, while the mother turned red with rage. "Shut up!" she yelled at them, and then turning to Peregrin, "You are fired Missy – hic ! I'm going – hic – to the Ministry on this one! Abso – hic – lutely impertinent!" Peregrin exchanged a look with Leah, one they must have exchanged a hundred times She forced on a smile. "Here, you might want to fill up these forms again. I'll be back to collect them. In the meantime, just sit and wait till Healer Pye calls you in." She turned to Leah. "Pumpkin juice?" "Sure," said Leah, looking a little stunned, "I'm on break anyway." They started walking towards the exit. "If she ends up murdering a kid, Perry…" "Good, right? It's been a while since I visited the morgue!" They exited through the double doors, out into the corridor, then started climbing the stairs to the fifth floor. Halfway up, they ran into Healer Smethwyck who headed Creature-Induced Injuries on the second floor. He was looking dazed, as he stared at a portrait on the wall, and didn't seem to hear Leah when she greeted him. At the cafeteria, Peregrin ordered Pumpkin Juice, pushing a few Sickles across the counter. Most Healers kept a running tab, but she preferred not to spend large sums of money at a time. It was better to be alert about her expenses on a daily basis, it gave her the illusion of financial security. Trainee Healers worked long hours, but earned very little. Especially now, when the hospital was short on funds. Leah had taken a seat at a small table. She sat there, tapping her foot against the leg of the chair. She wasn't eating or drinking anything. It was normal for Healers to eat at odd hours, but Leah was a different case altogether. Peregrin was convinced she was on a weird diet, most likely at the suggestion of a friend or relative. Leah was terribly impressionable. Peregrin was sure she could tell her that dragon bile was a good conditioner and she would immediately get some for her hair. Leah was alright. She wasn't a friend, as far as Peregrin was concerned, but she wasn't the worst company in a place like this. In fact, she was just the right amount of social contact Peregrin needed to get through the day – not too much and better than none at all. Peregrin was used to not having friends. Since Hogwarts, she had not stayed at a place or a job long enough to really get to know anyone, and have them become part of her life. After finishing seventh-year, she had spent eighteen months working as an assistant at various shops in Diagon Alley, while on the constant lookout for something more meaningful and permanent. But that something had not come along. She had got only four N.E.W.T.s. It was nowhere near enough for a respectable career. She had never wanted to be an Auror, but it had hurt to realise that she had squandered her chance at professions like Healing and Curse-Breaking. She had been working at Eyelop's Owl Emporium, when one day, she chanced upon a flyer for another job. Bored out of her mind with shop-keeping, she had applied. It was a teaching post at Urquart's Institute for Squibs and Dullards, colloquially known as Hoggy Warty. It was a small enterprise established by