The Demigods of Uddingston Grammar Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or any real life person in this story. Author's Note: This was just an idea I had a while ago. Please tell me what you think! Enjoy! Nicolaclair's POV I woke as usual at quarter past seven and considered the secret that I had learned the previous day. I had learned that I was a demigod. I am being completely serious, a demigod, the daughter of a human and a Greek god. I'm not just any demigod either, I am the daughter of Poseidon god of the sea and my favourite Greek god. Another startling thing that I have learned is that I am not the only demigod in the school. In fact, there are four of us but I am the only female demigod in the school. The other three demigods are as follows: Stuart Gebbie, son of Ares, Darren Caldwell, son of Hermes and Jack Clelland, son of Zeus. The only thing is that they don't know that they are demigods and today I have to tell them. Jack's POV The taxi stopped as always in front of Nicolaclair's house at about 10 past eight and as usual her sister came out to the taxi with her and told her to have a good day. Unlike any other Monday though, she didn't ask John the taxi driver if it would be okay to drop her off at her dad's house. In fact, she didn't say anything at all which is quite strange because usually even on Mondays, she is a bit of a chatterbox. I decided not to say anything to her though and she didn't say anything until she got out and like every other day, Mrs. O'Hagan was there to meet her. The rest of the day was completely normal except that there was a new person in my class. It was a boy named Nico di Angelo and he had dark hair, pale skin and very dark eyes. At break I tried to make friends with him but he seemed completely uninterested and instead of staying to talk he wandered off to sit by himself. Then, as I was still staring after him, Georgea came up to me and said, "Nicolaclair wanted to know if she could ask you something." "Ok," I said, "Where is she?" "Over at the table." she told me and pointed. Sure enough, there was Nicolaclair looking I have to say quite nervous although I can't imagine why. I walked over to the table and sat down next to her. "Hi," I said "Hi, Jack," she replied quietly. "Georgea said you wanted to talk to me." I said deciding that it would be better to get to the point. "Yes," she said "I was wondering if you, Stuart and Darren would meet me at the unit at lunch." "What for?" I asked curiously. "Because," she said patiently, "I need to talk to you all about something, without John hearing, I mean." "All right," I said, "I'll ask them but I'll be there for sure, I promise." She smiled gratefully. "Thanks, Jack I appreciate that." "It's okay," I assured her "I'll go and ask them now, ok?" "Ok, thanks again." she said and I stood up to find the others. Stuart's POV Well, it's been a good day so far and I was just coming out of history when I saw Jack coming towards me. "Hello," I said pleasantly. "Hello, listen Nicolaclair wants to know if you could meet at lunch in the unit with me and Darren." "What for?" I asked. I really didn't know why Nicolaclair, who although I knew that she fancies Jack, would want to see all three of us. Surely if she had something to tell us she could just do it in the taxi, couldn't she? "She wants to talk to us, without John hearing." Jack told me. "Fine, then." I said "I have to go now but I'll see you at lunch." "Bye." said Jack and walked away to join some people from his class. I really didn't know what Nicolaclair could want but I hoped that she kept it short because frankly, I didn't want to waste a whole lunchtime hearing what she had to say. Darren's POV It was an uneventful day except that Jack asked me if I could come to the unit at lunch for some reason. I said that I would and after I had finished my lunch I headed up to the Unit. When I got there, I saw that the only people there were Jack, Stuart and Nicolaclair. As soon as I had sat down and shut the door, Nicolaclair began to speak. "Well," she said nervously "I asked you here because I need to..." She was cut off when the door opened and a boy with black hair, dark eyes and very pale skin came in. "May I join you?" he asked in a quiet yet somehow menacing voice. "Of course, Nico. Maybe you can help me explain." Nicolaclair said. "Yes, my thoughts exactly." Nico agreed. "Explain what, exactly?" asked Stuart impatiently. Nico glared at Stuart but began to speak anyway. "How much do you know about the Greek gods?" he asked. Jack, Stuart and I shrugged and Nico continued. "Well, I know that this will be hard to believe but they really are real and quite often they have children with humans. These children are called demigods." "Don't talk rubbish." Jack said. "He's not!" Nicolaclair interrupted angrily "Demigods are real and all of us are demigods." "No offense," I said "But that sounds completely ridiculous." "Do you want me to prove it to you, then?" she replied. "Yes, I would." I said and she stood up and turned on the lights. Nicolaclair's POV I felt fury pounding through me but I pushed it down. There was a simple way to get them to believe me and I intended to show them that I was telling the truth. I told Nico to hold a crystal up to the light and he did. I took a golden drachma from my pocket and tossed it into the rainbow that shone off of the crystal's surface. "O Iris, goddess of the rainbow, show me Chiron at Camp Half-Blood." Almost immediately, Chiron's voice spoke from the rainbow. "Nicolaclair, is that you?" "Yes, Chiron it's me. I am Iris-Messaging you because these three don't believe us that the gods are real." "Well, allow me then, my dear." he said and I stepped back. "Well then," said Chiron "Hasn't Nicolaclair shown you enough proof that the gods are real?" "No." said Stuart flatly. "Well, Nicolaclair I think that you should give them a little demonstration of your powers, don't you?" "But, Chiron I haven't learned how to use them yet." I protested. "It's all right," said Nico "I'll give them a demo with my powers." "Ok, then thanks a lot." "No problem, just give me a second, ok?" "Okay, just don't exhaust yourself." "I won't," he promised before falling into a moment of tense silence. Jack's POV Ok, I admit that the rainbow message thing was cool but where's the proof that the gods are real? She just proved that she has some powers that apparently she can't even use yet. My thoughts were cut off by a loud bark and I saw a huge black dog appear right next to Nico. "Mrs. O'Leary!" he said happily "Long time, no see." The dog barked again and pounced on him. She began to lick his face and it took a few minutes before she was calm enough to let him up. It was then that I noticed that the dog had deep red eyes like fire. "This," Nico explained "Is the world's only friendly hellhound, Mrs. O'Leary. She really belongs to my friend, Percy Jackson but as a son of Hades I can call her whenever I want." "So," I said, "All this stuff about the gods is really true then?" "Yes, Jack it is." Nicolaclair said coldly "And at the end of the month, we will all have to go to Camp Half-Blood which is basically a place where kids like us can be safe from monsters." "Ok..." I said "But how will we get there." "We don't have to worry about that, yet." she said "But in the meantime, Nico will look after us for now, isn't that right, Nico?" "Yes," he said "Now, we had better get to class, hadn't we?" "Yes," she said "Let's go." We all stood up and left the Unit for our next classes. Stuart's POV I went to my next class but my mind was still focused on the fact that I was a demigod. I couldn't help but wonder who my godly parent was. The thing was, I had a mum and dad so if I was a demigod did that mean that I was adopted. I didn't know but I decided not to tell anyone right now. At the end of the day, Nico ran up to me. "I'm in your taxi, now." he said flatly. "You're not VI." I said "How can you be in our taxi." "Special circumstances." he said with a slight smile and followed me out of the school. Darren's POV As John pulled up in front of Nicolaclair's fake dad's house, Nico got out to walk her in. "Just leave us both here." Nico told John "We'll talk to you guys later." "Wait," Nicolaclair looked at Stuart. It was only then at I realised that she had bright, sea green eyes instead of the dull blue ones she used to have. "Do you have my number?" she asked Stuart. "No," he said "But I'll get Darren to send me it." "I will," I promised and she and Nico left the car. John Connelly's POV The front door opened and my daughter, Nicolaclair came in followed by a boy whom I have never seen before. "Dad," she said "This is my um ... cousin, Nico. I was wondering if he could join us since he's staying with me." "Ok," I said "Nice to meet you, Nico." "You too, Mr. Connelly." said Nico "Thank you for letting me stay." "No problem, oh and just call me John." I said and they both went to sit on the couch. Thankfully, my mother was in her bed so she wouldn't see Nico. "Um, Dad?" Nicolaclair asked. "Yes?" I answered. "I can't stay with you this weekend." she said guiltily. "Why not?" I asked "It's my weekend, isn't it?" I felt confused and really hurt. I loved seeing her at the weekends. Why would she do this to me. It was then that I noticed her eyes. She wasn't wearing her glasses and instead of the blue, glassy eyes she used to have she now had bright sea green ones which seemed very real. "I'm going on a school trip," she said "We're staying through the weekend." "All right," I said "Will you text me and let me know if you enjoy it?" "Of course," she said but I could tell that she was lying. Nico's POV After we got home from Mr. Connelly's house, Nicolaclair texted Darren to ask him for Stuart's number. She had explained to me that if one of them needed us it would be better if they called her rather than trying an Iris Message. At about nine o'clock, Stephanie told me that since Leonie had moved back into her room, I could have the top bunk in Liam's room. I have to admit that I don't like Liam much but since he is Nicolaclair's family, I will have to be nice to him. Although, she doesn't seem to like him much either. As I drifted to sleep, I comforted myself that the day ahead would be better than this one. Or would it? ... Unfortunately, I didn't have a peaceful night's sleep. I had