Hey! My first chapter of my first story! Hope you enjoy the story that reveals more about Legolas's family and mother. This is dedicated to my friend that I met on Pandora (I am not going to mention her name) who is also a writer. This book goes to the ends of Middle Earth, behind the Shire and all the way to Menel Eru. I hope that anyone who reads this story will enjoy it! Sorry about it being a short chapter (am writing this in the middle of the night :0)And so it begins... BTW: Almost everything in this story belongs to Tolkien, Estaliel belongs to a friend of mine, and everything else is mine (even the dialog!) All elvish is from (thank you guys so so so so so so so much for your elvish help!). A cool breeze sifted through Lorien, it's beautiful halls being relieved of the never ending summer time forest heat. A figure with long wavy hair and a long silver gown stood on the balcony of the main courtyard. Her husband's hopes and dreams had been built in with the beautiful palace and it was one of her favourite places on Middle Earth. Unfortunately, he had died in battle long ago. A young elf quietly walked to the fountain and watched as the older elf's thought traveled to distant lands and old times. She pitied her. Elves do not know much hardship in their lives as they do not die, but this elf had seen enough trials to make a body sick. "I know you are there." The sudden voice startled the young elf and she jumped. "You know more than anyone else so I think your knowledge of my presence unfair." "Oh? How so?" replied the firm yet quiet voice. "You can read my mind and can sense when you are being sneaked up on. There, I am satisfied." A rare laugh escaped the elf's lips. The young elf smiled at knowing she brought this elf joy. "Estaliel, if you wish to trick someone, you should stop trying to trick me, and attempt to trick someone else who does not have such hearing as I. I may be older but my hearing never fades." A horn called from the main gates. The sound was all too familiar and Estaliel attempted to hide her disappointment but her friend cold read her thoughts. "You are disappointed of the blower of the horn," the elf said. "Amithriel," Estaliel groaned. "What troubles you about Amithriel? He is a charming and proper elf." "Lady Galadriel, I hardly expected you to be matchmaking!" exclaimed Estaliel. "That is completely beside the question," Lady Galadriel said, turning red on her cheeks. "The question was was what troubles you about Amithriel?" "He is too proper and prim for me and he has no sense of adventure. He reminds me of one of those hobbits who only care about getting their big bellies full at the end of the day." Estaliel chuckled to herself as she thought of the many rangers that had abandoned their posts at the Shire because of the unadventurous hobbits. "Come now, many hobbits have been known to go on adventures. Look at dear Bilbo Baggins with the dwarves and then his cousin Frodo and Samwise Gamgee and Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took. They all went on adventures recently enough. And Bandobras Took! He invented golf!" "Anyone could invent golf, Lady Galadriel," said Estaliel. Lady Galadriel glided down to Estaliel and put an arm around her shoulders. "We should not keep our guest waiting any longer, Estaliel." Estaliel rolled her eyes, but reluctantly followed her down to the main gates of Lorien. She had known Amithriel since she was a wee child and the more she knew him the less she could stand him. He was very serious and hated tramping around Mirkwood Forest hunting the last of the hated orcs which was one of her favorite things to do. They were two complete opposites and she hated being around him. He didn't seem to particularly mind when she was around, just as long as they didn't have to do anything dangerous. But wasn't that what an elf's life was about? Danger? They could live forever and there would always be time for peace, but now she wanted adventure and danger and if she wanted that then that was what she would receive. "My Lady Galadriel," said Amithriel, who kissed her offered hand. At least he had a voice as sweet as music and a complexion as hansom as a flower. "Amithriel, it is an honor to serve you in these great halls yet again," said Lady Galadriel. Estaliel held back a snort. "You remember Estaliel." "That I do. It is an honor to become reacquainted with you, my lady." She offered her his hand for him to kiss, and she thought about his spoken words. Reacquainted? Why she had only seen him just last week. "And it is an honor to be reacquainted with you, Amithriel," she smirked. Lady Galadriel nudged her in the ribs with a rather sharp elbow. She could've been a little kinder about the way she spoke to him. "You become as beautiful as the Lady Galadriel herself every time I see you." "You are very kind, Amithriel, but I am neither desiring nor worthy of your praises." Lady Galadriel had had enough of the two bickering in their kind tones, so she slowly urged the group into the main courtyard. "Have you news of Lord Elrond yet, Amithriel?" "Yes, in fact he has returned to Rivendell from his journey. That is why I am here. He would like Estaliel to go on a journey with him across Middle Earth." For once in her knowing of Amithriel, this one thing he said was of interest. "A journey across Middle Earth?" she asked inquisitively. "Yes, in fact he has asked the both of us to accompany him." Estaliel kept her mouth from gaping open. Amithriel going on an adventure? Never! "Who else has he asked to be on the expedition?" "Your brother Legolas and his dwarfish friend Gimli son of Gloin." Amithriel's voice held a tint of disgust for poor Gimli and Estaliel fought the urge to slap him. He had talked about her brother's friend as if he were trash and he expected her to go on a journey with her? The offer was irresistible but if she went she would have to ignore him the entire time. "When do we leave?" "Tomorrow morning," Amithriel answered, sounding a little too excited for her liking. To Lady Galadriel's delight, Estaliel nodded. "I will join you at the front gate at the crack of dawn. If you fail to meet me there, then I will-" She couldn't finish her sentence because the Lady Galadriel, knowing what she would say next, kicked her in the left shin. Estaliel hopped on her right leg in pain, and grasped her left leg in pain. "I will wait for you until you are properly dressed." She was going to say that she would leave without him, but Lady Galadriel didn't have the patience. Amithriel bowed, and then headed off to his room. It was going to be a hard task working with Estaliel. But it was what Lord Elrond wanted. He probably wanted to see the two of them be wed before the journey's end but he could never marry Estaliel. She was too adventurous for him and he didn't want to ruin his life with her. No, it was best if they didn't marry. But that situation was entirely up to him. Estaliel wanted to scream. How on earth had he weaseled his way into her life yet again? This would be pure torture. She knew that to get to the very end of the world you had to go mainly by boat and that would mean having to be one of the only she-elves on the whole boat. Nobody took any maids onto the boat and if there was one single lady they had to cook. She woke up in the morning right before the crack of dawn and quickly dressed. She picked up the bag she had put together the night before and threw it over her shoulders. When she was at the main gate, she saw that Amithriel had won the competition that she had set up the night before. It had been weaved into the tone of her voice when she spoke, so he knew exactly what she meant. As she placed the pack on her own horse, Amithriel cleared his throat. "My lady Estaliel, you may not travel on your own horse." She resisted a groan and looked him in the eye. "And may I ask, my lord Amithriel, why on Middle Earth not?" "Because Lord Elrond required that we only come with one horse, my lady Estaliel. You may walk or sit on my horse with me." She knew that walking would kill her but so would riding the horse. With him. "I will ride your horse, my lord Amithriel." Two claps of her hand was all it took for eight maids to appear and take away her horse. She climbed onto his horse and sat on the front. He put his left arm around her, and his right arm on the reign. "Are you comfortable, my lady?" She gasped as his hold on her waist tightened. "Very," she whispered. The horse was faster than lightning. He took them almost faster to their destination than any horse she had been on before. Every time they jumped, Amithriel's grasp on her waist grew tighter. It was almost - dare she say - pleasurable. When they stopped to give the horse a drink of water and a rest, she washed her face with the cold spring water. "What is your horse's name, my lord Amithriel?" "His name is Renia . To fly." "That suits him." Amithriel smiled. "I know." She let her bleach blonde hair flow with the wind as she stood up, and for the first time, he looked upon her as if she were the prettiest elf upon Middle Earth. When they reached Rivendell a few hours later they entered the gates, and gave Renia to the horse keeper, and went inside. She went into Elrond's dining hall where Legolas and Gimli sat waiting for her. Legolas smiled at her and stood. He gave her the kind of crushing hug that only brothers know how to give. She laughed as she told him to set her back on the ground. "My little sister," he whispered in pride. "My big brother," she said back. She looked up into his smiling blue eyes. Even though he stood a foot taller than her, they always looked the same and would always look the same. The only difference was that she had jade green eyes and he had sapphire blue eyes. "What has the wee lassie been up to?" came a familiar voice behind Legolas. "Gimli!" she exclaimed. She turned to the dwarf and gave him a hug. "How has the dwarf been?" "Wonderful, only your big brother here won't let me spar him anymore in our travels." Estaliel laughed, and gently touched Legolas's cheek with her fingertips. "Any adventures lately?" "None, I'm afraid," Legolas said sadly. "Well look at you! You're almost a half a millimeter taller than when I last saw you!" She laughed as he tried to swat her arm playfully. Gimli rolled his eyes. "Are the two of you done with your greetings? I'm ready to eat." Legolas agreed that they should sit down but wait for Lord Elrond. Lord Elrond came ten minutes later (much to Gimli's distress) and he allowed them to eat of the food. "Legolas, how have things been in the Northern Regions? Has all been well with the Shire?" "All has been fine in the Shire, my lord, except for the death of a certain Proudfoot who