Of The Prophecy Of Gondor And The Fate Of Smeagol. Findegil, King's writer. Here follows an account that speaks of the Prophecy of Gondor and the Fate of the hobbit Smeagol as it appears in the Red Book Of Westmarch. It was written by Frodo of the Nine Fingers when he dwelt in Minas Tirith in the days after the fall of Sauron. I have made it my duty to record the words spoken to us this day by Mithrandir that deeply moved me with great fascination, and yet with deep sorrow and grief. The day began with the contentment that encompasses these newborn days of peace. All the city was jovial and lively as usual...well, maybe not all the city. Of all the tasks of restoration that the people of Minas Tirith now labour to complete, there is one most grievous to them. I speak of the destruction of the House of the Stewards that collapsed in fire during the Great Siege. It is in that ruin that the sorrow from which Middle-earth was delivered still lingers. There are no smiling faces, no hearty laughter or hopeful banter amid the sounds of working tools. There the great men of Minas Tirith weep inconsolably as they labour to repair the damage. The House of the Stewards was the first place where the labour of restoration was begun, and it is of such great importance that King Elessar himself oversees it daily, along with Steward Faramir. We, (and by that I mean myself, Samwise, Peregrin and Meriadoc), have gone at times to the Rath Dinen to give what little aid we can. Yet it is not a task we look forward to because of the pall of grief that hangs over the place. However Peregrin has gone daily, as he says it is his heartfelt duty to honour his fallen lord Denethor whom he served for a little while, before the darkness. And so we come to today. We hobbits were all busy at work when after a time Mithrandir appeared and called for us to follow him. By us I mean we hobbits, Legolas son of Thranduil, Gimli son of Gloin, Steward Faramir, Imrahil the Prince of Dol Amroth and King Elessar. We all followed the wizard to the Court of the Fountain where the newly found White Tree sapling now grows. Here Mithrandir bid us sit and rest awhile as he wanted to speak to us. He, along with the King, Steward Faramir and Prince Imrahil sat upon the edge of the pool's basin, while the rest of us sat upon the soft grass of the surrounding greensward. What Mithrandir proceeded to tell us so moved me, that I felt I should record his words so that others may discern the histories of the far past, and somewhat understand the power of Fate's purpose in all things, as told by one of great wisdom. ~oOo~ Here then is the account of Mithrandir concerning the Prophecy of Gondor and the Fate of Smeagol in the tale of the Third Age of Middle-earth. We all sat down and basked in the warm rays of the midday sun. The White Tower rose before us, tall and shapely, at the pinnacle of which floated the banner of the king: the white tree with seven stars about it and a crown above it. Behind the Tower rose the vast snowy shoulders of Mt Mindolluin, glistening above the yawning shadows of noon. The waters of the fountain gave forth a soft spray that watered the sapling of the White Tree, whose slender yet strong green stem nodded gently in the crisp mountain breeze. We sat in silence for awhile, enjoying the peaceful moment, but soon Mithrandir let out a long sigh that had us all turn to him. He sat with his hands upon his knees, robed in white over which flowed his mantle of grey, the only reminder of his former life. His face was less care-worn as the many lines and creases upon his face were of joy and laughter rather than of age and concerns. But now he was sombre of mood as he lowered his eyes and seemed to nod to himself. "What could possibly be wrong Gandalf?" asked Peregrin. "You look as if you have something bad to tell us." Gandalf turned his deep eyes to him. "Bad you say?" he replied. He paused for a moment, as if considering Peregrin's question. "Perhaps they will sound bad to some, but I personally hope my words shall be more of interest to you all." We all looked at each other in wonder and then back to him expectantly. Gandalf turned to Aragorn. "My Lord, permit me now to speak of the Stewards of Gondor and a part of the history of the beginnings of their rule." Aragorn looked at Gandalf and smiled. "You know very well that you do not need my permission to speak of things that are on your mind, my friend. For only a fool would refuse to hearken to your wisdom, should you choose to give it. Yet I greatly wonder as to why you are now moved to speak of the Stewards to us." "I have seen the grief of your people as they labour to repair the House of the Stewards," Gandalf replied. "And I have noted your sorrow and Faramir's too, for your hearts are greatly troubled as to why such ruin should have occured within the city to disturb the bones of the high lords of Gondor." "But it were the madness of Denethor," said Imrahil. "And that was precipitated by the lies of Sauron that were shown to him through the Palantir. What power in all the world would suffice to desecrate the hallowed resting places of the noble lords of Gondor, than that of Mordor." "What power indeed lord Imrahil," said Gandalf. "And so I thought too at first. The evil malice of Sauron brought about the madness of Denethor that ended in his ruin and that of the burial house of his fathers. Yet in hearkening back I have come to realise that more can be said about this grave matter than was to be thought." "And what more could be said about these grievous events Mithrandir?" asked Imrahil. "A great deal," Gandalf replied. "To understand matters better, one must hearken back to the last days of the kings of Arnor and Gondor. Those were grim times for the heirs of Elendil, for the enemy had whittled down their realms and peoples through countless years of war. The Dunedain to the north lived under the constant threat of Angmar, where dwelt the Witch King who was the lord of the Nazgul. The Dunedain to the south were constantly harassed by the war-like tribes of the east who were allies of Sauron and committed to his will. At that time, Araphant, son of Araval ruled the north kingdom while Ondoher, son of Calimehtar ruled in the south. Both were wise and wary kings, and in taking thought of their situation they sought to amend the long silence and estrangement that stood between the two realms. For at last they perceived that some single power and will was directing the assault against them from many quarters, seeking to destroy the survivors of Numenor. Therefore Araphant sent an embassy to Gondor where councils were held of friendship and goodwill between the two peoples. Oaths also were taken that promised aid to either kingdom, should it be in peril and if help could be afforded. Now it must be known that the leader of the embassy sent by Araphant was his son and heir, who was named Arvedui. This name was not given to him by his father, but by Malbeth the Seer who named him at birth, saying to the king: "Arvedui you shall call him, for he will be the last in Arthedain. Though a choice will come to the Dunedain, and if they take the one that seems less hopeful, then your son will change his name and become king of a great realm. If not, then much sorrow and many lives of men shall pass, until the Dunedain arise and are united again." TAKEN FROM THE RETURN OF THE KING; APPENDIX A "GONDOR AND THE HEIRS OF ANARION" Now the wise of Arthedain did not forget these words, and neither did Araphant. And in thinking of what was foretold, he sent his son, seeing that the fortunes of the Dunedain of both realms might rest upon his heir. Yet his son exceeded Araphant's expectations, for Arvedui fell in love with Firiel, the daughter of Ondoher. Then there was great rejoicing in both Gondor and Arnor when this became known, for it seemed to all that the reigniting of friendship between the two realms were now blessed and sealed by this union of the royal houses and the hearts of the Dunedain were uplifted at that time." Gandalf sighed and shook his head. "Alas, all too short were those days of mirth and high hope for men, as it were only four years after that blessed union that Gondor was attacked again by the Wainriders who came out of the east. So it was that King Ondoher and both his sons Artamir and Faramir fell in battle, north of the Morannon. The loss of the king and his heirs was a great blow to the Dunedain, and the time of doubt that followed threatened to estrange the two kingdoms yet again. For when the death of Ondoher and his sons became known to Arnor, Arvedui sent to Gondor, claiming the crown as the direct descendant of Isildur and as the husband of Firiel, the only surviving child of Ondoher. He did this because the wise of Arnor now hearkened back to the words of Malbeth that prophesied that Arvedui would become king of a great realm. And though they were grieved indeed at Ondoher's fall, they held that Fate had played a major part, so that the grave choice that was foretold should come to the Dunedain. And that choice now seemed clear to them, as it were to join the two realms under one rule, restoring the High Kingship of old that had been in the days of Elendil. Now here must be told of the House of the Stewards that was called the House of Hurin. They were descendants of the Steward of King Minardil who was the twenty third king of Gondor. Hurin of Emyn Arnen had been a man of high Numenorean race, and after his day the kings had always chosen their Stewards from among his descendants. Now the Steward during the reign of Ondoher was named Pelendur, and he was a wise man but proud for he held great power in Gondor. To him was committed the rule of the realm after the death of Ondoher and his sons and he held this office for a full year. Now it was during this time that Arvedui's claim was brought before Pelendur at council and he rejected it, and urged the lords of Gondor to do the same. Then Arvedui did not press his claim when their decision became known to him, for he had neither the power nor the will to oppose the choice of the Dunedain of Gondor. Thus the crown was thereafter claimed by Earnil, who was a victorious captain in that war with the Wainriders. And it was granted to him with the approval of all the Dunedain of Gondor since he was of the royal house. He was the son of Siriondil, son of Calimmacil, son of Arciyas who was the brother of Narmacil the Second, the twenty seventh king of Gondor." Here Gandalf paused and the rest of us sat in silence, reflecting upon his words. It was Imrahil who spoke first. "These histories are known to us Mithrandir," he said. "Save perhaps the prophecy of the seer to King