Project Potter Chapter 1 Ashie I wake up with a start. "Mooooom!" I yell at the top of my lungs. I have a big smile on my face, With my messy Strawberry-Blonde hair flowing in the wind from my open window, I get dressed as fast as I can. I wear a black and white sleeveless top with my favourite white shorts.. I go downstairs for breakfast And I smell a beautiful smell… "Ahh…" I sigh, as I sniff in the smell of fresh waffles. I quickly eat all of my breakfast so I can go and watch some Anime on my computer. "Pack, Honey!" My Mother yells from the bottom of the stairs. "Okay…" I yell back, disappointed. I stuff some random things into my bag like my clothing and my laptop. I start rummaging in all my other stuff, trying hard to find my wand. "Aha!" I say with a start. My wand. 11' Red wood with Unicorn tail hair. I hold it up, like a prized trophy. Soon enough, I realize that I still haven't brushed my hair or my teeth. I zoom to the bathroom, Brush my hair and teeth and tie my bangs up behind my head with a purple, polka-dotted hair elastic. My lucky one. We walk into the leaky cauldron. "We need to go get your books, Ashie. No tea for you." My Mom says, Winking. Wait, Wait, Wait… I think I should explain some things... Last year, I didn't do anything but do my classes and watch Anime, So my Mom made me promise if I Got on the Quidditch team and made some friends, she would buy me a familiar. Of course I agreed, and promised. So today, she's buying me a familiar! We walk into Diagon alley. I run straight to the Owl Emporium. I feel like a six-year-old at christmas. I stare into the shop, my nose and mouth pressed up against the glass. "Hey Mom?" I Ask. "Yes, Hun?" She answers. "Can I have that Barn owl?" I ask, excitedly this time. "Course!" She answers, smiling. We walk in, and I go straight to the owl I was looking at. "Hehe! You're going to be Nymphadora, but I'll just call you Nymphie!" I Say to the owl. We went to the Book Shop next, and Mom always gets me a book to read in my spare time. I Choose A fancy one with a dog with wings on it. The dog had a broken chain on its left paw and above it in big bold letters read; Free. Me being a person who likes to try some new things every once and awhile. I smile, looking at the beautiful looking books. On our way out of Diagon Alley, my Mom buys me tea! Man, I love that woman. I breathe deeply in and out. I'm twelve. I'm in my second year. And I'm in Hufflepuff I won't break down every time someone says "Hufflepuffs are weak or Pushovers.." or.. "Pffft! Hufflepuffs are dumb!" I think, Very determined. Chapter 2 Ellanora I woke up nice and early. I can't lie, I was exhausted. I got some things ready, Like water and some crisps for the car ride to Diagon Alley. We have a week until I get on the Hogwarts express, But we thought we should get all the shopping done and out of the way. "I'm ready!" I yell down to mum. "Me and your father are just getting the car ready!" She yelled back. I run down the stairs in A navy blue sweater, My dark brown hair in A loose braid, with my glasses sliding down the bridge of my nose. A few hours of driving and we get to A small pub, The sign reads 'The Leaky Cauldron'. "Hey, Mum, Can I get some fries?" I ask. "Maybe after shopping, Ok?" She replies. "Ok…" I say slightly disappointed. I look past the bar and see a large barrel of Beer and Wine. We walk to the back of the pub and go through the magic brick wall, Which always seems to impress me. "First, Let's go get you some new robes. Then, We will get your books." Mum says. "Can I get A book to read, For the train ride? Please?" I ask excitedly. "Well, I guess" Mum replies with a smile. We walk over To the robe shop, Which was named Madam Malkin's. We quickly get my robes and head to the Bookstore. I have always loved dusty little bookstores, They seem so cozy! I look through the shelves with my mom. "I can't find the book I was looking for, But I have all my school books." I look again through the shelves of leather bound books. "Maybe this one?" My mum says, Looking at A book with a very pretty cover. I look at the book and read the simple description.. "Yeah! This one looks nice," I look at my mom with A big smile. She always seems to find the perfect books for me to read. My mom smiles back. "You know, You would've found it by yourself if you opened your eyes!" She says. I giggle a little at her remark before we check out our books, and leave. My mum picked up A book too, The title reads 'The Wizarding world's most beautiful places'. "Is that it for school supplies?" My mum asks. "I think so, I can't believe that there's only A week left to go!"I say excited. "Me neither," She looks at me like she will never see me again. I keep thinking about the year before, I'm twelve, Meaning I'm in my second year. I love drawing, books, and sweaters. I was sorted into Ravenclaw, And I'm very proud to be in the 'Smart' house, But sometimes it's a little intimidating. Oh well. My owl Jesibel, Is at home right now. She's little a tawny owl. Of course I'm not the most popular girl at Hogwarts, But I don't mind. The friends I have are amazing and interesting, I met a girl named Caroline on my first year, Me and her have drawing in common, And we study together. She's in Gryffindor, Which is supposed to represent bravery and chivalry, Or something like that… It's been a week since I got my school supplies, And it is the night before I leave for the train, I have everything packed, My uniform, Books, and Jesibel is in her cage. I don't think I'm going to read anything tonight, Just incase I sleep in. Well, Maybe a little bit of drawing before bed won't hurt… "Ellanora!" My mom yells. I get up, My eyes pop open, Ready for the worst, Maybe I'm just a little late. But what if we missed the train entirely!? I look at my mom. "Ok, you're up!" She says. "We need to get ready, The train leaves in two hours!" Ohooohoho nooo! By car, it takes us one and a half hour to get to Kings Cross, And sometimes it takes longer. I get up and start to get out of my pajamas. I change into A light blue dress, And I start putting my hair in a ponytail. "Where are my bags?!" I yell down stairs. "They're down here already!" My mum Yells back. I run down the stairs and get my luggage. "The car's ready, Get in" My dad yells from outside. I get inside the car, Which is A dark blue pick-up truck. A few minutes later and my dad starts driving. The car ride is pretty quiet. Until we get there. "It's 10:57!" My mom says. "Let's hurry." The bustling train station is packed full of people. We get in between platform nine and ten. We approach the magic brick wall, "Now remember, Just run through." I get through safely, Swiftly followed by me parents. I see a large train, With the words 'The Hogwarts express' On the front. I run to the side of the train, I wave goodbye to my mum and dad. "Goodbye!" They yell back. I smile, Then turn around and look for an empty carriage. After some searching, I see a small cart, With three girls in it. I look through the door. "Can I sit here? It doesn't look like there's anywhere else," I ask one of the girls. She has strawberry blonde hair. The girl across from her has blonde hair and blue eyes. And the third girl has… Blue hair? "Oh, Sure." The strawberry blonde girl replies. I sit down, Laying Jesibel's cage on the shelves above the seats, and start to read my book, I get ready for A long train ride to Hogwarts. Chapter 3 Ashie "So." I Say to the girl wearing the pretty blue sweater with her glasses sliding off the bridge of her nose, which are nearly falling off. "Whatcha readin'?" As you can tell, I'm absolutely horrible with small talk, but this girl seemed nice so I decided to try. "Oh nothing, I'm just studying for our first day." "Already?" I say curiously. "Well, I am Ravenclaw!" She smiles and pushes up the bridge of her glasses gently. I look at her with admiration. She seems like she can handle stereotypes so well, and I'm… Envious. "I-I'm Hufflepu-" We hear some squawking, and we both look up. There's a Lanky, brown tom cat with glowing green eyes, jumping at our owls. "Merrrowwwww!" it mews. We look at the girl trying to catch the cat. "Heh. That's Scarlett." I say to the confused girl beside me. "Oh…" She says. "And I almost forgot!" I say with a giggle. "I'm Ashie. Ashie Abbott, Nice to meet you." I say cheerfully. "I'm Ellanora Purkiss, Or you can call me Ell," The girl says with a smile. The girl in the opposite corner was quietly watching the cat and the owls. I notice Ell looking at the black blob on her lap. "That's May, beside Scarlett. And that's her cat, Luna." "Oh." Still smiling. "By the way. You didn't finish your sentence, earlier. What house are you in?" Ellanora says curiously. "I had this amazing new tea on the way over!" I say, stalling. Then she gives me a little glare from underneath her glasses. She is one of those people who have stern looks but are really nice, I guess. "Huffle-" I almost say, but the candy trolley pulls up. I Jump up. "We'll take half your candy!" I say to the trolley lady. I give Ellanora a super chewy marshmallow thingy. Lets just say its… Very.. Very chewy, and Ell didn't really talk for the rest of the trip. A minute or so passes on the train and May decides to break the awkward silence. "You know, Ash. You can't just give people super chewy candy if you're in an awkward situation." She says, quietly. "MhhmmFF!" Ell Agrees. "Fine. I'm Hufflepuff." I say. "Slytherin." Scarlett says, joining the conversation. "Erm Ervencraw." Ell attempts to say. "Ravenclaw?" Scarlett asks. "Mhrem!" Ell grunts, agreeing… "Hah. Like we need another one. Oh well. I'm Scarlett, as you know." She puts out her hand and Ell shakes it. TOOT, TOOT. I jump up again and look out of the window. we all hear a gulping noise coming from Ellanora. "Finally!" She says with joy. "Never. Do. That. Again." She stares at me sternly, before her stern look turns into a smile and she starts laughing like crazy. We all join in. We all walk off the train elated, We're back at Hogwarts! Everyone huddles over to the entrance of the Great Hall. "I can't believe all of these people are here for the sorting ceremony!" May exclaims. "Are you a first year?" Ell asks May. May nods. I sit as close to the ceremony as I can. The first name should be called soon, I hope some of them will be Hufflepuff! Headmaster Mcgonagall walks over to the wooden stool. "Pots,