A/N Please review. I do not own the Hunger Games. Please enjoy. I don't know much about the Hunger Games, none of the kids in my grade do. Our parents have always been careful to keep it from us though I don't know why. I've tried to broach the subject with mom when she takes me hunting with her. She always gets a faraway look and tells me not to worry my pretty little head over something so ugly. I asked Uncle Haymitch a couple of times. He always gets a serious look and tells me to be glad that I don't know what it is. I only asked daddy one time when I was ten. His eyes turn black and he squeezed my tiny wrist until it broke. My scream seem to shake him from his daze only to send him into another. He looked at me and he looked at my wrist. Then, he backed into a corner, slid to the floor, and wept. I had seen him like this only a few times before and my mom was always around to make it better. So I did what she would have; I crawled into his lap and sang like mom would have. Eventually, he seemed to come out of it and he took me to the doctor. When mom asked daddy what happen he couldn't look her in the eye. She just hug him and told him that it wasn't his fault. He couldn't really look at me until I got the cast off and it was months before he was really comfortable around me again. After that we really didn't talk about it again. There are a lot of things in my family that we just don't talk about. We don't talk about the screams that sometimes wakes me up at night. We don't talk about the days when Mom hides in a closet and we don't see her for a week. We don't talk about why Daddy's eyes sometimes turn black and suddenly Rye and I have to go over to Uncle Haymitch's. We don't talk about why Uncle Haymitch pretends not to hear the crashes and screams next door when we're at his house. We don't talk about the missing things or the bruises that Mom has when we can finally come home (sometimes days later). We don't talk about the phone calls that my parents get once a week that can last for hours. We don't talk about the times when Uncle Haymitch is drunk. We don't talk about why most of my grandparents are dead or why all of my real aunt and uncles are dead. We don't talk about why Mom and Daddy always turn off the TV when Commander Gale comes on. I used to not notice or care when I was younger, but now I really want to know. I sick of not talking and then acting like our family is perfect whenever a camera asks me how life is. Cameras come every year to film the celebration of the Mockingjay rebellion. My parents always have to make a speech; probably because they can remember the rebellion and because Daddy's really good at making speeches. They always shy away from the camera so it comes and finds me. Uncle Haymitch says to smile and say how happy I am (which isn't a total lie) and that life is great (well I guess it could be a lot worse). I don't know why it finds me so interesting. Uncle Haymitch says it's because I can talk like Daddy and because I have such a pretty face. He says that it makes people forget things like the Hunger Games. I may not know what the Hunger Games are exactly but I know I hate them. I don't know how, but they are the reason for everything painful in my parents' life. They are the reason that Uncle Haymitch drinks, they are why mom screams at night, and they are the reason why daddy is sometimes lost to the world. Today is a 'hard day' for my parents. Mom couldn't get out of bed and last I checked daddy was sitting at the dinner table with his head his hands try to 'fight the mutt inside', whatever that mean. I get my little brother, Rye, ready for school myself. Today is the day that I learn about the Hunger Games. "Are Mommy and Daddy sick?" Rye asks on the way to school. I think about it for a moment. "No," I say, "They are just having a hard day" "Why?" he wants to know. His big grey eyes look just like mom's when she's in the woods. Full of light. "I don't know," but I'm going to find out one day I think to myself. "But you know everything!" "Not this time," I say sadly. "Oh," he doesn't speak for the rest of the way. "Can anyone tell me about the Mockingjay's rebellion?" The teacher asks and I raise my hand. "Yes Willow." "Well, a long time ago the Thirteen Districts rebelled against the Capitol but lost and everyone thought that District Thirteen was destroyed. The Capitol oppressed the remaining Districts and everyone was poor and miserable. Then the Mockingjay lit the spark that inspired the Districts to rebel again. With the help of the not so destroyed District Thirteen, the rebellion was successful and now everyone is happy." I give a nod to signal that I'm done. I love the story of the Mockingjay. Mom doesn't like me talking about her (I think maybe she knew her or something) and daddy always seizes up when I say the name (I can't tell if he loves her or hates her), but I can some time get Uncle Haymitch to tell me about how brave she was during the rebellion. The teacher smiles, satisfied with my answer. "With the end of the Capitol's reign came the end of something else as well. The Hunger Games. Can anyone tell me about the Hunger Games?" This time no one raises their hands. My teacher sighs and mutters something along the lines of "your parents were supposed to tell you first, that was the point of the permission slip." I remember that slip, Mom wasn't paying much attention when she signed it. "The Hunger Games," my teacher begins, "were a punishment to the Districts for rebelling against the Capitol. They were… they were death games. Two children, one male and one female, between the ages of 12 and 18 were selected in what was known as the reaping. We will go into the reaping more in the following weeks, but there is one thing that I don't want to be lost on all of you. If it weren't for the rebellion, then all of you in this class would be facing your first reaping today." She quiet as she lets this sink in. Kids my age competed in a death game? What type of sick world was it? Then it occurred to me, my parents had to go through the reaping. Maybe that's why today is a hard day. Thank goodness they were never actually selected. The teacher continues. "After the children were selected, they were forced to survive in an outdoor arena while hunting and killing each other. There was only ever one winner. These games were televised and everyone was required to watch. Now there were 75 Hunger Games before they were ended. We are going to watch the last two Hunger Games and scenes from the rebellion. If what you see is too much for you then you may tell me and we will discuss it with the school counselor." For some reason it seems as if she's looking at me as she says this, "I know questions are generally encourage, but this time I ask that you save all questions you have for your parents. Also, in the coming weeks we will go into a more in-depth discussion about the Hunger Games, the Old Capitol, and the Rebellion. For now just sit quietly and watch. Keep in mind that your parents had to watch this every year, and they were watching people they knew." The teacher turns down the lights and starts the film. They start with the reaping in each District starting in District one. I watch as children of all ages are reaped. One boy has a limp and another little girl is so small that I wonder if she is really 12. Then they get to District Twelve. A woman with large hair and bright colors is introduced as Effie. I wonder if my Aunt Effie knows her because there is no way that they are the same woman. I think about Aunt Effie, yes she is a bit eccentric and obsessed with manners, but I have never met someone so genuine. This woman is to colorful, to happy, to fake to be my Aunt Effie. The mentor and past victor is introduced as… Uncle Haymitch? He won the Hunger Games? That would explain those 'memories' that he sometimes drinks away. New Effie pulls a name out of the girls bowl: Primrose Everdeen I gasp and look at my best friend, Daniel, who is sitting next to me. This is Mom's sister. Aunt Prim died in the Hunger Games. No wonder Mom is still upset about it, I couldn't imagine losing Rye like that, having to watch him die. I watch my Aunt walk towards the stage. She looks so small, she'll be killed by those bigger kids for sure. Then I hear a familiar voice shout 'I volunteer as tribute.' The camera changes angles and I watch as Mom takes her sister's place. Mom was in the Hunger Games? But she's still alive. How? Does that mean that she killed people to win? But the shocks aren't over. Effie pulls a name out of the boys bowl: Peeta Mellark The teacher shhhh us before I can ask my question. How can both of my parents be in the Hunger Games? There was only one winner. But both my parents are still alive. Everyone is staring at me now. I can't wait to get home. Next, we watch the opening ceremonies. All the tribute are paraded in costumes in chariots. My parents' costumes are the most stunning. Even in the class everyone gasps. My parents are literally on fire. Mom is all smiles and waves, which is weird, she's never friendly. They call her the girl of fire. Then there are their training scores, which predicts how well the tributes will do in the arena. Daddy gets an 8 which is good, but then Mom gets an 11. What did she do to get that? After that comes the interviews. Mom looks unreal in her dress, but Daddy is the real show stopper. He tell the interviewer that he loves Mom. He sounds so heart broken and people start calling them the star-crossed lovers. Now, the games begin. I spend the rest of the day watching my parents fight for their lives. The games were a horrific thing, my parents did horrific things. I thought they were going to die so many times, which is ridiculous considering that I know that they're at home. Mom is better than Daddy. I only counted five times that she might have died. First, she almost died of dehydration, second was when she was treed by the biggest kids (who teamed up, a stupid thing to do in a game where only one could win) and Daddy (why the heck did he do that, even if he didn't really love Mom it just seems wrong to go against her so blatantly), third was when she was attacked at the feast (thank goodness the other boy saved her in order to thank her for helping the little girl), fourth, was when the mutts attacked (what type of sick mind thought those things up) lastly