Author's Note: Round 3: Truth or Dare? Team: Pride of Portree Position: Beater 2 Prompt: Write about a Truth that is found by the next generation Prompts used: 3. (dialogue) "You don't have a choice. It's do or die." 8. (flavour) cinnamon Word Count: _2983_ excluding Author's Note Please Remain in Your Seats Scorpius Malfoy fidgeted slightly in his uncomfortable chair and raised a hand to protect his eyes from the blinding light. The rest of the room was dark, concealing the identity of whomever was on the other side of the table. "Your name, please," asked a slightly bored voice that might have belonged to a fairly young woman. As she spoke, Scorpius was also greeted by the delicate aroma of vanilla and oranges. These two facts were the sum total of what Scorpius could gather about the Auror questioning him. "My name is Scorpius Malfoy." He heard a quill scraping against parchment. "Now please tell me, Mister Malfoy, what happened. Start from the beginning:" Scorpius hesitated, trying to figure out where exactly the beginning was. Fingernails tapped against the other side of the table impatiently. He gulped as he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. "Well, it all started on the roof of the Hogwarts Express..." Even as Albus motioned for him to jump, Scorpius knew they were not going to make it. It was a hunch, really, not at all fueled by the fact that they were being pursued by a metal-clawed candy lady. Albus was yelling at him: "Do it! You don't have a choice. It's do or die!" Scorpius looked back and wished he hadn't. The claws did look awfully sharp. Scorpius cast a Cushioning Charm and followed his friend. The last thing he saw from the corner of his eye was a flash of gold. Then, there was darkness. "You jumped off the roof of the Hogwarts Express." There was mild amusement in the interrogator's voice. "Yes. Yes, we did." "I see. Do go on." "Then, cinnamon!" It smelled like cinnamon. That was the first thing that reached Scorpius' hazy mind. The next thing he realized was that it also tasted of cinnamon when he gasped for air. Very slowly, he opened his eyes and coughed loudly. He was in a room that he didn't recognize. Albus was nowhere to be seen. Scorpius tried to move and realized his hands were tied together uncomfortably. Finding that he could not get free, he opted to look around. The smell of cinnamon seemed to come from a nearby table that seemed to hold every flavour of sweets one could wish for. There were pumpkin pasties, cauldron cakes, cinnamon rolls… a fresh batch of sticky buns was waiting enticingly on the edge of the table, probably straight out of the oven. There was also a bowl of Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans and various baking utensils. "Alright, so you woke up in the workshop of the Trolley Witch. Then what, Mister Malfoy?" "Well, my first instinct was to break free and explore where I was. Perhaps find out how I got there and where Albus was." "This would be Albus Severus Potter?" "Yes. And like I mentioned it was a bit difficult to find out what happened when I was tied up." "In the gingerbread house." Scorpius glared at the light. "I'm sensing a bit of sarcasm." "Oh are you?" replied the voice. For a while, they sat in silence. Then the quill scraped on parchment again and the woman coughed softly. "Shall we continue?" "Do we have a choice?" " I do." Scorpius sighed. "You are not being very nice you know." "Your opinion, of course, is of tremendous value to me. So, the Hansel and Gretel story?" "Right. The priority was getting my hands free." With some difficulty, Scorpius pushed himself up into a sitting position and looked around the room for a way out. The bindings on his wrists were strong and he was afraid to fidget too much lest he accidentally tighten the restraints. He noticed a blade gleaming on the table and grinned. Scorpius Malfoy had the most Muggle idea known to have come from a Malfoy brain. He maneuvered himself towards the table leg nearest to the knife and then hit it with his body. In hindsight, it was probably a bad idea. Especially so when a bag of confectioners sugar fell over and doused Scorpius with sweet and sticky powder. He sighed and moved a bit, then slammed into the table leg again. Very reluctantly, the knife moved closer to the edge of the table. Just one well-aimed hit… Scorpius positioned himself and struck again. The knife fell off the table and plunged into the floor mere centimeters from Scorpius's leg. He took a minute to appreciate how lucky he'd just been. Then he began rubbing the ropes against the serrated side of the blade. Of the two of them, Albus had always been the more adventurous one. Scorpius had been fine with just enjoying Hogwarts, not gallivanting around saving damsels in distress and exploring secret passages. He could have used some of that practical wisdom now. Nevertheless, the ropes reluctantly snapped and Scorpius pulled his hands free, to immediately search for his wand. It was gone, which was a bad sign. After desperately scanning the room for his wand, Scorpius picked up the knife and cut his legs free. He was missing a wand but there was the sharp blade. Well, he had heard that Muggles had often made do with less. Besides, he had few options. There was a door at the back of the room and Scorpius decided to head straight for it. It was quite small but it fell open at a soft touch and Scorpius gasped audibly as he looked through it. "Cut the dramatics, please. It makes the story even less believable," demanded the irritated voice. "Oh gee, I didn't know my tone of voice could make a pack of rats the size of small children sound in any way less plausible." "Oh, I don't know. Dire rats aren't really all that bad once you've seen cow-size be-" the voice cut off abruptly. "Shall we get back to the matter at hand? You faced this pack of dire rats with nothing but a sharp knife. And you claim to have lived to tell the tale." "Either that or I am an unusually dense ghost!" Scorpius did not like rats. Well, that was a bit of a redundant statement. He was pretty sure no one liked rats that big or with such sharp fangs. Luckily though, the rats didn't seem to like him either. At least they backed away a bit as he stepped out. The nearest snarled, though, and Scorpius tried very hard to remember the behaviour of rats and what would pacify them. Treats perhaps? But where would he get treats? A rat snapped at him in a not-at-all playful manner and Scorpius was forced back towards the door he'd come through. He waved at it with the knife but the rat took no notice. Or, more precisely, it chose to bare its long teeth as if to say "Mine are sharper." Scorpius gave it one look and stumbled back into the room he'd left just moments ago. It was evident he needed better weapons than this knife. He glanced around wildly and his eyes fell on the table of sweets. "Yes, Scorpius," he muttered to himself, "where would you find treats for rats? You are only stuck in a bakery !" Moments later, he emerged again from the room armed with a bowl hastily stuffed full with a bit of everything. The rats snarled, but this time Scorpius was ready and, with a swift motion, threw a pumpkin pasty their way. The bang was loud and the rats scattered in all directions. Scorpius coughed and wiped a bit of pumpkin filling off his face. Vaguely he recalled the trolley lady yelling something about exploding pasties… Now that he was free of the rats, he finally had the chance to look around. He'd stepped into a wide hallway with a low ceiling and beige walls. "Spare us both the finer points of interior decorating and get on with the story." The voice was once again impatient and seemed almost angry. Scorpius wasn't sure why; it wasn't as though someone had thrown exploding pumpkin pasties at her. Scorpius, for one, found the interior decorating of evil lairs quite interesting, but the Auror was clearly losing her patience, so he sighed and tried to figure where to continue. "Well, I figured I had two priorities: find Albus and then find a way out. It was a bit of a maze and I encountered a few more monsters, but I mainly dealt with them by throwing sweets at them." "Sweets?" "Very unpredictable sweets with many special effects." Scorpius liked the snakes even less than the rats. They casually slithered up to him as the hallways got darker and mustier. They came right up to him, flicking their tongues and preparing to strike out. After a moment of hesitation, Scorpius threw a few chocolate frogs their way. His reasoning had been that some snakes naturally liked to eat frogs, but he supposed that frogs pulling out little chocolate weapons and engaging in active warfare with the snakes was quite an effective distraction, too. Throwing a handful of Every Flavor Beans at the pack of wild dogs, curiously the size of chihuahuas, was probably a reckless idea, but the little sweets soon expanded into a multicoloured soft, yet durable wall between him and the dogs. The canines snarled and snapped at it but failed to get through. After that there were a few more nuisances and obstacles during which Scorpius found out that cauldron cakes could be turned into decent shields, sugar mice grew to the size of bloodhounds and were twice as vicious upon encountering a cat, and rock cakes were in all likelihood made of actual rocks and the cinnamon rolls tasted excellent. Having gathered all this knowledge and with only a few sugary weapons remaining in his arsenal, Scorpius finally emerged from the last maize maze that he had had to brave, and, licking his fingers clean of sugared butterfly wings, laid his eyes upon the final door. "How could you possibly have known that that was the 'final door'?" the voice chastised. Scorpius glared in the general direction of the woman and shook his head. "Are we here to discuss my possible misdeeds or to judge my prowess as a storyteller?" "To stretch such a lovely stroll out into something reminiscent of "King Arthur: Legend of the Sword" should be a crime in itself. The voice replied. "But I shall humor you for once and suppose that you had some kind of a hunch that it was, in fact, the final door — if only so that we can wrap this up." "Oh, how gracious of you!" Scorpius was not a snarky person, but this witch was really trying his patience. "As I was going to say, before I was so rudely interrupted, I valiantly shoved the door open and stormed in..." Scorpius turned the doorknob and very gently pushed forward so that he could peek into the room. The room was large and quite like the one he had awoken in. Instead of a kitchen, though, this was a large dining room, rivalled only in size by the Great Hall at Hogwarts. The contents of the room were even more interesting. Gingerbread men stood in perfect lines, carrying little longswords or longbows, chests puffed out. Their biscuit bodies had been covered in silver icing very carefully arranged into elaborate chain mail. Their heads held little helmets and some had shields with regalia not immediately familiar to Scorpius. He leaned in further, peering at them, when he heard a neigh somewhere behind him. His head snapped to the side