FOR TOGETHER WE ARE STRONG Summary : Due to some playful antics, Merry, Pippin, and Boromir become caught in a misadventure after being separated from the rest of the Fellowship. Luck does not seem to be on their side, and neither do the Orcs… A/N: I have been a LOTR fan for many, many years! I have read so much lore and background information about Middle Earth that I feel like I could live there. But what is the point of loving something when you can't share it with others? Thus, my immense need to write a story about some of my favorite characters arose. I probably worked on this story (on and off) for about 6 months. The general plot actually came to me when I was actually writing the sequel to this story. I mainly focused on the relationship between Merry, Pippin, and Boromir. In both the books and movies the Gondorian appears extremely loyal to the two Hobbits and shares a strong bond. But, the main point that is never examined, is: how does Boromir become friends with the Hobbits (and vice versa)? Boromir is very distant and calloused in the beginning but suddenly he opens up to the Fellowship and they become comrades. Something had to have happened that allowed this change to occur… and what my story does is offer some possible closure to the unanswered question. ENJOY! Disclaimer: All rights are reserved to J. R. R. Tolkien Boromir was beginning to suspect that he was the only member of the Fellowship that had a firm grasp on reality. The idea had actually been with him for some time, but the actions of his companions that day were only confirming his suspicion more than all the previous actions on all the previous days had combined. The Fellowship had left Rivendell not four weeks prior and it already seemed to be more dysfunctional than it had begun. The Elf and the Dwarf were constantly at odds; the feud between their Races amplified by each passing day. The pranks and insults between Legolas and Gimli became more cunning and more frequent with every fleeting moment. The Hobbits kept mostly to themselves, only really interacting with 'Strider', a name, as Boromir came to learn, that was one of Aragorn's many. Frodo was the most matured and serious among his Kin, as was expected due to the tremendous burden he carried. His serving companion, Samwise, was the epitome of loyalty and inner strength, which both his actions and words demonstrated. Boromir could not help but admire and respect this small, fair-haired Hobbit, for he secretly wished all the soldiers of Gondor would embody the same qualities that he possessed. The two youngest Hobbits, Meriadoc and Peregrin, showed themselves to be immature and childish. They always spoke of their home in the Shire and the simple ways of Hobbits. Through their stories and complaints Boromir could simply see that they had neither the heart nor the head for such a quest. Aragorn was a strong and silent leader. But it soon became apparent to Boromir that his fellow Man would not offer such a companionship that he had hoped. Aragorn seemed to dismiss all association with his own Race; often he made conversation with Legolas in Elfish and he frequently sought advise from the Wizard. Gandalf himself rarely made conversation with Boromir, and, when he did speak to the Steward's son, he spoke in riddles that made Boromir wanting to ask more questions that he first began. Simply put, Boromir was unimpressed with the Fellowship. It was a chilly morning when the veteran warrior found himself gazing upon the hodgepodge of people laid before him. The night before lots had been drawn to see who would take which watch during the night. Fortunately for Boromir, he was given the last watch, personally his favorite because he found pleasure in watching the sunrise each morning. Two hours ago he had relieved Gimli from his guard and was now watching his fellow travel companions wake after the rising sun. Legolas was the first to awaken. He blinked his ever-open eyes - for Elves, much like Wizards, Boromir learned, slept with their eyes open - and gracefully stood and stretched his cramped body. Turning his gaze to Boromir, the Elf nodded in greeting. The Man acknowledged the greeting by raising his own chin in salutation. The Elf then gathered his bow and arrows before departing into the surrounding forest to routinely scout the area and talk to the Trees. The next to wake were Aragorn and Sam. While the Hobbit blinked sleep from his eyes, the Man made his way over to Boromir to hear the nightly report. "How went the watch?" the Ranger asked. "Quiet, I presume." Boromir nodded before responding, "Naught but the wind disturbed us this night." Aragorn stroked his bearded chin thoughtfully. "I fear that soon the nature of our quest will become known to the Enemy. Hopefully, we will travel two weeks more before Evil learns of our secret company." "That day has yet to come upon us," Boromir reassuringly replied. "For now we must travel swiftly and leave little trace behind while we can." The raven-haired Ranger smiled and clapped his fellow Man on the shoulder. "Your optimism gladdens my heart, my friend. You are wise in your words, for true you are this day! Nothing yet hunts us so we shall rejoice." Just then a sweet aroma filled the camp. The two Men turned to see Sam stoke a freshly made fire underneath a pan, in which held tomatoes, sausages, onions, herbs, and bacon. And thus, with the promise of food in the air, the remaining Fellowship arose from their slumber. Boromir stood from the rock where he had been stationed and went over to join everyone at the fire. Not five minutes later a smiling Hobbit handed him a plate of warm food. "I thank you, Master Meriadoc." The Hobbit's grin grew. "As well you should," Merry retorted. "Had I not noticed you without a breakfast you surely would have gotten none. Pip makes it very hard for anyone to get anything to eat..." He trailed off and glanced over at his cousin. Boromir followed his line of sight and was met with the view of Pippin with his cheeks so full of food he looked more like a squirrel hoarding nuts for winter rather than a respectable Hobbit. The two smiled at each other while Merry attempted to stifle a laugh when Pippin comically tried to swallow. Boromir proceeded to eat slowly as to savor every small bite of the little food he was given. Once he finished he licked the remaining juices from his fingers and placed his immaculately clean plate on top of the stack of dishes next to the fire. On his way back to his pack, Boromir ruffled Sam's hair affectionately and commented, "Another wonderful meal you have provided our company, little one. Assuredly without you we would have perished from starvation after only a week on the road." Sam smiled brightly at the compliment. "I am only glad my skills could be of such use to the Fellowship." "Do not sell yourself short, Master Hobbit," Boromir chuckled. "There is much you have yet to contribute." "Thank you, Mister Boromir. I will take your words to heart." The Captain-General of Gondor gave the Hobbit once last smile before continuing to his pack. He tightly rolled up his cold bedroll and packed it next to his long fur cloak and extra water skin. Boromir shrugged on his light chain mail over his tunic before sliding on his leather vest and well-made pair of Gondorian vambraces, which bore the crest of a White Tree of the House of the Stewards of Gondor. He then placed his dagger in his right boot and strapped his sword to his waist. Boromir's large weapon was like its owner: big, broad, and powerful. It was a single-handed, double-edged sword that required great strength in the arm and wrist, both of which this skilled warrior had in abundance. The blade was over three inches across at its widest point before it flattened into a diamond shape point. The blade was sharpened on both edges so it would have been equally effective for slashing against lightly armored opponents that reached around his round shield. The heavy steal handgrip was wide to match to Boromir's hand and counterbalance the weight of this warrior's blade. The Gondorian also carried a dagger that was a little brother to his sword, matching its blade shape and pommel design. The only difference was that it was decorated with bronze details, not silver. However, unusual for a dagger, the wide blade was fuller so that in all respects it resembled the tip of Boromir's sword. The Steward's son leaned his round, broad shield next to his pack before turning back to examine the Fellowship. The Elf and Dwarf seemed to be in a heated argument about which Race were the more accomplished warriors. Aragorn was talking to Gandalf in hushed tones while making vague motions in the air. Boromir then felt his gaze move towards the Hobbits, but upon seeing them he frowned. Only two were present: Frodo and Sam. "Where are the little ones?" he questioned aloud. Frodo heard his question and, looking up from his own pack, said, "They went over to a small river that Legolas found this morning so they could properly wash the dishes." He indicated the way they went with a nod of his delicate head. Boromir's brow crinkled with concern. "I'll go after them," he reasoned, knowing full well how easily the two young Hobbits found trouble. "Good idea," Sam voiced. Boromir flashed them a grin, bent down and grabbed his empty water skin, and was off. Going in the direction Frodo had indicated Boromir found the river fast enough. It was little less than a ten minutes walk from camp. The warrior effortlessly spotted the cousins squatted next to the water. Decisively, Boromir stepped on a branch to make his present known. Two heads looked up and innocently smiled. "What mischief are you plotting, young Masters?" the Man asked, observing the sparkle in the Hobbits' eyes. Pippin feigned hurt look. "Why do you assume we are up to anything?" the raven-haired Hobbit questioned. "Because it is your nature. If Aragorn isn't here to keep the two of you on a leash, then I'll have to," Boromir shrugged. Pippin turned to look at Merry and asked rhetorically, "Why is it that people always think that we require a babysitter?" Boromir strode over to where the two Hobbits knelt and pulled out the stopper on the top of his water skin. After a minute of holding it under the water he replaced the cap and tucked it back into his belt. He then cupped his hands together and drank a handful of clear, cool river water. He repeated this twice more until he was satisfied. "Come," the veteran solider commanded. "We must return to camp, we have tarried too long and we have much ground to cover today." "We have but one more dish to wash," Merry responded. "Besides," Pippin spoke. "You have not had your bath." Boromir sputtered at those words. "My what ?" "Your bath, you great giant," Pippin repeated. "Do you expect us to walk with you all day long in the sun while you smell like a rotting pig carcass." The Gondorian frowned. "I do not smell." "Yes, you do." "No, I don't." "Yes, you do." "No, I don't." "Yes, you do." "No, I -" Boromir stopped arguing and tiredly scrubbed his bearded face with one big hand. "Now, listen here-" But he got no further when a huge bowl full of water hit his face. As he cleared his eyes of the water the warrior gazed upon two diabolical grins. "Don't you even try," he threatened them. The grins grew. The Man of