Prologue: The Chamber and the Shack Chapter Summary This chapter explores two major changes to the canon: 1) Harry is defeated in the Chamber of Secrets and a 16-year-old Tom Riddle is set loose on an unsuspecting world. 2) Sirius Black really was a death eater and successfully captures Harry in the Shrieking Shack. Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Time: Spring 1993 Ron looked up at the tunnel ceiling. Huge cracks had appeared in it. He had never tried to break apart anything as large as these rocks by magic, and now didn't seem a good moment to try - what if the whole tunnel caved in? There was another thud and another "ow!" from behind the rocks. They were wasting time. Ginny had already been in the Chamber of Secrets for hours ... "Wait there," Harry called to Ron. "Wait with Lockhart. I'll go on... If I'm not back in an hour. . ." There was a very pregnant pause. Ron wanted to protest. It was his sister after all, not Harry's. Harry may be the boy who lived, but if someone was going to save Ginny, it should be him. Then again, with no wand and without Harry's unique gift of parseltongue, what use would he be to his sister? It had to be Harry. He just hoped that Harry would be as lucky this year as he had been last year. "I'll try and shift some of this rock," said Ron, trying to keep his voice steady and not let his resentment shine through. "So you can - can get back through. And, Harry -" "See you in a bit," said Harry, he seemed to be trying to inject some confidence into his shaking voice. ~.~ Harry approached his throat very dry. There was no need to pretend these stone snakes were real; their eyes looked strangely alive. He could guess what he had to do. He cleared his throat, and the emerald eyes seemed to flicker. "Open," said Harry, in a low, faint hiss. The serpents parted as the wall cracked open, the halves slid smoothly out of sight, and Harry, shaking from head to foot, walked inside. He was standing at the end of a very long, dimly lit chamber. Towering stone pillars entwined with more carved serpents rose to support a ceiling lost in darkness, casting long, black shadows through the odd, greenish gloom that filled the place. His heart beating very fast, Harry stood listening to the chilling silence. Could the basilisk be lurking in a shadowy corner, behind a pillar? And where was Ginny? He pulled out his wand and moved forward between the serpentine columns. Every careful footstep echoed loudly off stone floors. Harry kept his eyes narrowed, ready to clamp them shut at the smallest sign of movement. The hollow eye sockets of the stone snakes seemed to be following him. More than once, with a jolt of his stomach, he thought he saw one stir. Then, as he drew level with the last pair of pillars, a statue as high as the Chamber itself loomed into view, standing against the back wall. Harry had to crane his neck to look up into the giant face above. It was ancient and monkeyish, with a long, thin beard that fell almost to the bottom of the wizard's sweeping stone robes, where two enormous gray feet stood on the smooth Chamber floor. And between the feet, face down, lay a small, black-robed figure with flaming, red hair. "Ginny!" Harry cried, sprinting to her and dropping to his knees. "Ginny - don't be dead - please don't be dead-" He flung his wand aside, grabbed Ginny's shoulders, and turned her over. Her face was white as marble and as cold, yet her eyes were closed, so she wasn't Petrified. But then, she must be... "Ginny, please wake up," Harry muttered desperately, shaking her. Ginny's head lolled hopelessly from side to side. "She won't wake," said a soft voice. Harry jumped and spun around on his knees. A tall, black-haired boy was leaning against the nearest pillar, watching. He was strangely blurred around the edges, as though Harry were looking at him through a misted window. But there was no mistaking him. "Tom - Tom Riddle?" Riddle nodded, not taking his eyes off Harry's face. "What d'you mean, she won't wake?" Harry said desperately. "She's… not - she's not- ?" "She's still alive," said Riddle. "But only just." Harry stared at him. Tom Riddle had been at Hogwarts fifty years ago, yet here he stood; a weird, misty light shining about him, not a day older than sixteen. "Are you a ghost?" Harry said uncertainly. "A memory," said Riddle quietly. "Preserved in a diary for fifty years." He pointed toward the floor near the statue's giant toes. Lying open there was the little black diary Harry had found in Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. For a second, Harry wondered how it had got there - but there were more pressing matters to deal with. "You've got to help me, Tom," Harry said, raising Ginny's head again. "We've got to get her out of here. There's a basilisk... I don't know where it is, but it could be along at any moment ... Please, help me" Riddle didn't move. Harry, sweating, managed to hoist Ginny half off the floor and bent to pick up his wand again. But his wand had gone. "Did you see -?" He looked up. Riddle was still watching him - twirling Harry's wand between his long fingers. "Thanks," said Harry, stretching out his hand for it. A smile curled the corners of Riddle's mouth. He continued to stare at Harry, twirling the wand idly. This boy that Ginny told him so much about seriously thought he would just give him back his wand? He just spent 50 years in the total sensory deprivation, a solitary life trapped inside a diary. He had finally regained a physical form, and now he had a wand. Here in front of him was the boy wonder who Ginny claimed was the cause of his future self's defeat. Tom looked him up and down. How was this scrawny, seemingly normal child capable of bringing down a Dark Lord? He didn't even seem capable of understanding the danger he was currently in. "Listen," said Harry urgently, his knees sagging with Ginny's dead weight. "We've got to go! If the basilisk comes- " "It won't come until it is called," said Riddle calmly. "and I don't plan on calling it. I would love to finally get to talk with you Harry, but there isn't time." Harry let Ginny's body slump to the ground, her weight too much for him to bear any longer. "What do you mean you don't plan on calling it? How did Ginny get like this?" Riddle looked him up and down again. There really was no explaining how this clueless boy was supposedly capable of so much. Ginny had told him how he had defeated his future self a year prior. It couldn't be possible. And yet ... There was something about him. He could feel something. A humming. But there wasn't time. He was in Hogwarts. Dumbledore was here. If Harry had gotten into the Chamber, he couldn't possibly have been stupid enough to come down here alone. Someone would find them. He didn't have time. "Another time, Harry. Someday I'll explain everything... Stupefy!" Harry's body slumped to the ground next to Ginny's dying form. Tom stood there for a while watching as Ginny's body slowly faded. It seemed that as he himself became more solid, more tangible, more real, more alive... She was losing corporeal form. Would she go into the diary? Would she be trapped like he had been? Minutes ticked by painfully slowly. Tom waited until Ginny's body had completely disappeared. He bent down and closed the diary, leaving it on the ground. Harry was still unconscious on the stone floor. Tom turned to the great stone statue of Salazar and walked to a small door between its ankles. "Open," he hissed. The stone door slid away, revealing a narrow passage that led under the lake and out beyond Hogwarts' wards. After 50 years of imprisonment, he was finally free, and the only thing he wanted to do was make up for lost time. He twirled his newly acquired wand in his right hand as a smirk spread across his face. He had work to do. ~.~ Ron watched as Harry went on past the great snakeskin and shortly after he could no longer hear him. Ron started busying himself by clearing rocks out of the way. It proved to be much harder than he had first imagined. As soon as he moved one rock, another rock fell down into the place the first had been. Instead of simply removing the boulders he endeavored to construct an archway. He failed several times before he managed to make a doorway big enough for him to fit through. Lockhart wasn't much help. The bumbling idiot tore down his construction multiple times in a halfhearted attempt to help the total stranger that he saw in Ron. The minutes passed like hours. Ron attempted to cast a time spell several times but his useless wand proved to be more trouble than it was worth. How long had they been down here? How long had Harry been in the chamber? Had it been an hour? Had it been two? Should he leave the bumbling moron behind and go off in some half-cocked attempt to save Harry and his sister? He was starting to make some progress. He had made a whole large enough to shimmy through. Well… Large enough for Ron to shimmy through. He would have to leave Lockhart behind. It would serve him right to be eaten by the damned snake. Ron kept up his efforts, clearing the boulders as best as he could to make the whole as large as possible. When he couldn't stand waiting anymore. When he couldn't stand Lockhart anymore, he decided to risk it. After all, he would only blame himself if his sister and his best friend were dead in there and he had just sat here waiting like a child for someone else to rescue them. He was a lion of Gryffindor house after all wasn't he? Why was he lacking the bravery that was the characteristic of his house? Ron slipped through the rocks, their jagged edges slicing his robes as he crawled through on his belly. It surely had been well over an hour. Had it been three? Where they dead? It seemed unrealistic to think that they could still be alive after all this time. They were in there with the Heir of Slytherin after all. Who knew who it was, or what insane, murderous plot he had working for them. Ron emerged on the other side of the rocks bleeding slightly but no much worse for wear. The tunnel turned and turned again. Every nerve in Ron's body was tingling unpleasantly. He wanted the tunnel to end, yet dreaded what he'd find when it did. Where they dead? The question kept bubbling to the surface of his mind and no matter how hard he fought to keep it down... And then, at last, as he crept around yet another bend, he saw a solid wall ahead on which two entwined serpents were carved, their eyes set with great, glinting emeralds. They were parted allowing for a small opening between them just large enough for someone to slip through. Ron imagined that they must've been closed before Harry opened them. Ron was standing at the end of a very long, dimly lit chamber. Towering stone pillars entwined with more carved serpents rose to support a ceiling lost in darkness, casting long, black shadows through the odd, greenish gloom that filled the place. His heart beating very fast, Ron stood