A/N: I am SO late to this fandom - my sister tried to get me into them ages ago, but I refused to even try until the series was complete, in book AND film. It only took me about two seconds to fall in love completely. Ever since then, I've been hooked, and I cannot get enough of Everlark (and Peeta). There are so many profound insights in such a simply written series, and this is kind of just the result of me thinking of HG 24/7 for the past several months, but it was so FUN to write! I hope you all enjoy (and don't hold it against me for being so oblivious for so long)! 1st of 2 chapters... Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. She stands on a chair, placed so high that the rays from the golden sun shine through the window as if to spotlight her alone. Her red dress is bright and stark in the room of beige and gray and coal dust, and the sunbeams hit her, haloing her in a sparkle of colors that fascinate his young eyes and tint her olive skin a delicate shade of orange. The first time he's really seen her, and she's already on fire. She's already standing in front of the world, unique and special and wonderful . He doesn't need to hear that the mockingjays outside are listening just as closely as he himself. (He does not even need the later errant thought that he is just as much of a follower as those mockingjays, that he was struck silent and wondering by her voice and her presence and her sheer will of life , and that eventually, he would begin to speak and sing in echo of her, to make the world love her as much as he did when those more birdlike mockingjays chorused her Valley Song.) All he needs is the image of her bathed in bright, bold colors and her gray eyes sparkling through dancing dustmotes, and the clench in his heart as he wonders if he could ever make those colors show up on page or cookie or cake (if she can be recreated, captured somehow in his own life, small enough and mundane enough for him to hold onto, but of course, he already knows, even then, that that is impossible, because Katniss is so much more than he can ever be or ever deserve). It's simple and it's quick and a parade of peers, torturers, and doctors will tell him that love doesn't start that quickly or that young. They will explain to him that infatuation is different than love, that obsession is more dangerous than love, that pathetic lovestruck fools will only ever be disappointed. But he knows they're wrong, because didn't he see the same thing happen to all of Panem? Katniss spoke, dressed in the cool blue that lives at the heart of all fires, and she stepped up onto a stage, and as quickly as that, the entire country fell in love with her just as surely as he did. (But he loved her first, and this seems important to him, that he loved her when she was a child, a District 12 Seam girl, that he did not need the sacrifice and pageantry and war to make her important; she lived , and that made her important to him all on its own.) A spark can catch fire in an instant, and before Katniss ever even knew he was alive, Peeta was already on fire. The first time he gives her bread, it's burned. (Later, she will think on the symbolism of that, will wonder how it never occurred to her that their future was already set in place, Peeta's earnest seal branded into her through still-hot loaves burning into her hands and chest as she runs home to her vacant mother and starving sister.) She is overwhelmed and disbelieving and awed to find kindness here, in her last moments of life, on the ground by a pigpen behind the bakery. To see kindness bleeding and bruised and so small standing next to the woman who should be protecting him and caring for him and nurturing that young, radiant soul. It's strange. Of all the days in her life, all the momentous events and world-shaking revolutions, the horrible moments and life-changing losses, this day stands out the clearest in her memory. It does not fade, even after years of hunting through blistering summers and frozen winters. It does not lose any meaning, when they are put on a train together and Katniss looks at him and wonders how to best kill him mercifully. It does not ever dim or tarnish or shrink, no matter how Peeta is twisted into something unrecognizable (into pain and agony and all his worst nightmares, and she eventually realizes that it is even crueler to leave him with the understanding of just how changed and twisted they made him become than to take all of it away from him entirely; but maybe that was not their cruel intention at all. Maybe Peeta is just so much stronger and more resilient and better than they ever comprehended he could be). That day lives in her memory, pulsing with hunger, sodden with rain, drenched in despair, and then warm and whole and alive, that moment when that small boy looked at her, and saw her, and did not turn his back. That moment when a boy came back out into the rain, with his cheek marred and mangled, and he gave her all he had to give (at his own expense, his own cost, and that is a mark, too, a symbol of Peeta's entire life, lived just for her, giving his all, receiving only torture in return, and if she had known then what he would have to endure, she wonders if she would be brave enough, selfless enough, enough like Peeta , to turn away before he could give her the bread. She wonders if she could ever let him go so that he could live a life he actually deserves. She wonders, but she does not think that she could. She does not think that she can ever envision a world in which Peeta is not at her side. She did it once, buried under miles of stone and dirt, drowning beneath drugs and expectations, and it nearly destroyed her. She cannot do it again.) When she makes her list of good things and kindnesses, her list of everything to give her hope, it always starts with those two loaves of burned bread. (It always starts with the moment Peeta gave her his heart, kneaded with bruises, burned in scorching flames, but still so nourishing and pleasant and lasting. It starts when she held that heart in her hands, and took it, and ran without ever looking back to see what it cost the boy it should have belonged to.) Above all, she remembers the taste of the bread in her mouth, so much richer and more filling than anything she has ever eaten. She remembers that it tasted of kindness, and generosity, and hope. She remembers that it tasted of awe. (Because no matter how badly she has treated Peeta, no matter how much harm has come to him because of her, the one thing she can say is that she has never looked at Peeta and not been full of amazement. She has never looked at him, and not realized just how good he is. He has always been too good for this world, too good for her, but she does not care. She only holds onto him all the tighter, because she is selfish and because he lets her, and so she clings with everything she is to that goodness, and hopes it will rub off on her since he has so much of it to spare. He loves her, and because he does, she is not completely irredeemable.) One day, sitting in a tree while she hunts a squirrel for her sentimental husband, she will realize that somehow, in some way, she fell in love with him the minute those burned loaves of bread hit the muddy ground. At the parade, they set her on fire. (They set him on fire, too, but it is only a reflection of hers, her wildfire spreading to those nearest, and he has always stood too close, watched too long, dreamed too big, and so he catches alight first.) They dress her in the outward manifestation of her soul, and send her streaming through the streets, and Peeta looks at her and finds her, as he always does, absolutely radiant. But he is closer now than he ever has been before, and he sees the fear in her eyes. He feels her desperation in the bruising clench of her hand. He tastes her uncertainty in the words she speaks. In all the years he's watched her, dreaming and hoping and always knowing how likely disappointment was, he'd never realized, never understood, that her flames scare even her. That she stands in the midst of that inferno and cannot see clearly through the shimmering heat wafting up around her. He had never known, before, that she does not realize just how amazing she is. So he takes her hand (because he is told to, because he wants to, because he cannot see her distress and not do something to comfort her), and he does not let her pull away. Even flames need direction. They need a ring of stones or a well-crafted oven or a candle wick to keep them steady and blazing. Without it, they rage and roar and destroy and burn to ash and char and soot. He's always loved her. He cannot remember a time when he did not love her. He will love her forever (even when the Capitol reaches inside him and tears and rips and plucks and razes his mind to the ground and leaves his heart tiny and shrunken and scarred and struggling so hard to hold onto anything real). And Peeta does not know much about love, has never seen it played out before him, has no example to follow, but he knows what he wishes for, what he dreams of. He dreams of warm hands and loving gestures. He dreams of supportive hugs and encouraging words. He dreams of someone accepting him for what and who he is, and loving him for those things, and never hurting, never striking, never ignoring, never walking away, never leaving in want. (He dreams of a love that is defined by things one does not do, rather than what one does, but he is smart and clever and good with plans, and so by filling in the blanks left by what one should never do to a loved one, he is able to deduce what he should do for Katniss.) So he offers Katniss his warm hand (cold with fear) and he encourages her with words telling her how much the flames suit her (shy and awkward because he is never as good or skilled or as much as he needs to be). He tries to be everything she needs and assuage all her fears, and he wonders if he succeeded when her smile is easy and she waves a rose and a kiss to the crowds. (She kisses him on the cheek, too, as reward, and he wishes he could be happy with it, but Katniss always shoots her target right through the eye, and she never misses, and the ache of the bruise on his cheek is familiar enough that he knows love with pain is just pain no matter how he might try to rationalize it while he lays in bed with ice over his blackened flesh and despair in his hollow heart.) He is afraid of the flames, in that parade. He even tells Katniss that he will quench