Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Stephanie Meyer does. A/N: My life has been so hectic that I almost forgot about my stories…almost. I'm back now and I've improved in age and, hopefully, as a writer. I'm not perfect, and I also accept that not everyone will like my story. I have to come to terms with that. I'm rewriting Forbidden Love because I want to show maturity in my writing. I will change things, but keep the integrity of the story. This is the story I wanted to write all those years ago, it just didn't translate well. Reading it over, I could tell just how absurd some things were and the lack of thought I put into. Don't fret. This is a new and improved version. I appreciate the love and support My life is really boring. I know every 18 year old says that, but no my life is really fucked up. My name is Isabella Marie Swan after my grandmother who doesn't even like me. My parents are Charlie Swan and Renee…whoever she was married to now, I can't keep up. We all live in a really small town in Washington called Forks. Forks, population 400, was a dead town to people who passed through just to get to their actual destination. It's like living near the ocean where rich people come and spend their summers before going back to their actual home, but without the fun. I lived a normal teenage life. I went to the only high school named…Forks High. I work at the Macaroni Grill, and I volunteer at the police station where my dad is the chief of police. He seems to have gotten it in his head that I want to go into law, but my real passion is English, and I want to be an English teacher. Growing up in Forks had its perks. I knew everyone and everyone knew me, I was liked and feared mostly because I'm the daughter of a cop, and it's easy for me to get a job because I'm actually a hard worker. I'm not an outside kind of girl so the constant rain and cold weather doesn't bother me. There's also disadvantages of living in a small town. Everyone knows, likes, and fears me. There was no introductions or reinventing myself. People here know me and if they don't, I can count on anyone to let them know about me. When Edward Cullen came into town and moved into one of the two apartment complexes at night, by morning over eggs my dad was telling me about it. "He tried to sneak in. Judy told me last night when I was on duty. Can you believe it? A 27 year old man sneaking into an apartment here." I rolled my eyes as I drank my juice. "Maybe he wanted to avoid the shenanigans and Ms. Judy is a gossip who sits on her porch with binoculars. Stop getting gossip from the old women of the town." I said as I brought our dishes to the sink to wash them. "Cullen…why does that sound familiar?" "Dr. Cullen works at the hospital. Apparently his son got into some trouble in California. I heard it was some gangs or something. So his dad paid for him to come down here. He even got him a job at Bob's auto shop." "There you go with the gossip again dad." I said washing my hands. I was getting ready for school when Renee walked in the door. "Hola family." She said taking my spot on the table. And biting my dad's toast. It was his turn to roll his eyes. "Hey Renee." We said in unison. "Did you hear? Carlisle and Esme's son moved into the complex by the Pizza Pit. I heard he got arrested for stealing." She said with a mouthful of toast. My mother was so classy. "I heard it was a gang." "I'm off to school." I interrupted the gossips grabbing my book bag and my coat. Those two talk and hang out more than when they were actually married. Divorce did their relationship some good. My dad didn't date much after they divorced 10 years ago. He maybe went out once with a woman and he came back smiling from ear to ear at 9 the next morning. It was gross. My mom on the other hand dated a lot. She married someone 10 months after their divorce which crushed my dad. That same night I heard him sobbing in the bathroom when she told us. They were divorced longer than they were married, and I don't even remember the guy's name. Then her and my dad hooked up, only for her to step on his heart by moving to Vegas and getting married to Joe. Joe was an asshole who beat her. When my dad found out, I stayed with The Weber's for a week. I only found out my dad beat him within an inch of his life when I heard Renee tell Jane Weber when they got back. She used words like knight and shining armor, heroic, brave and sexy. I recalled my dad's knuckles were bruised for three days. It didn't take long for her to move in with another man. I think my dad gave up after that. I always respected them for staying together for 8 years. They weren't even in a relationship when my mom got pregnant. She moved to Forks at 20 looking to start over after living with an abusive father and a drunk mother in Tennessee. My dad was 26 working as a traffic cop when he pulled her over for doing 55 in a 25 area. My mom described him as a man who looked good in a uniform whispering for her license and registration and she was hooked. They wounded up at his house the next night after three long islands. The condom broke and I was the biggest surprise of their lives. A month after my birthday, they got married. My childhood was always pleasant. I remember riding my bike, my dog Chocolate, spending my summers at La Push with my best friend Jacob and being active in ballet which I loved. There were times that weren't so pleasant like when my Chocolate got ran over, when there was a fire at my childhood home or when Jacob and his dad moved to Wisconsin. Then, there was the tensed relationship my mom and dad had. They tried to hide it, but I heard them argue about money and how my mom was a butterfly who needed to spread her wings. When they sat me down to talk about the divorce, I wasn't shocked. School wasn't that bad. I was an A student. I was a cheerleader and on the path to being Prom Queen. It was March and that's all anyone talked about that and college. I had applied to a couple of schools in Washington because I wanted to be close to my dad. I already got accepted to Seattle University where I intended on going for a full scholarship after visiting with my mom on instant decision day. We were both ecstatic because there was no way she could afford college on her tips at Debbie's Dine and there was no way my dad could do it himself with bills piling up. I bless the Pizza Pit for taking a chance on me but there were no amount of shifts they could give me that would put a dent on one semester. I've been through a lot of bullshit, but after school, my job, and my family, I had one thing left to do, experience love. That's why when I heard the news of Edward Cullen's arrival, butterflies bubbled in my stomach. Edward was just under 6 feet. He had penny colored hair, bright green eyes, full lips that hid a perfect smile, and a strong jaw. His muscles were big, but not like muscle man hear me roar big, just big enough so you know he worked out a lot. He was a great dresser, but most importantly, he was an amazing man. The rumors about him weren't true. In California, he graduated from UCLA with honors. He wanted to be a pediatrician because he loved working with kids, something we had in common. We had more than just that in common; we had been dating for the past year and no one in my nosey town knew. One Year Ago Angela and I were grinning from ear to ear about our college visit to UCLA. Not only was the campus bigger than our town, but there were so many cute college guys. Being a hormonal 17 year old, it's hard not to notice when a cute guy winks at you. The look on Mr. Weber's face was priceless. "Where to first girls?" "Dad I think we can travel by ourselves. The boogeyman won't get us." "Yes they will." He said looking at two blonde haired blue eyed boys staring Angela down. Angela was beautiful. She had a beautiful red hair that traveled down her back. She was tall, slim and recently acquired a figure that even made me blush. She wasn't a flaunter of her new attainted beauty. To me she has always been beautiful, but this past summer, when she came back from Florida, she became tanner, slimmer, bustier and all around shinier. Everyone, especially every male teenager and some older males, noticed her change. She was no longer mousy Angela who wore long skirts and had a body like a cardboard cutout. She was even more beautiful. I, on the other hand, have been the same all my life. I had chestnut hair, brown eyes, a C cup bust, rounder hips, and a plum ass standing at 5'5. I loved my curves because I wasn't skin and bones, but I was healthy. I enjoyed burgers and pizza which attributes to my round hips, but I was an active swimmer and runner, leaving my stomach flat and preventing cellulite. I was confident in my skin, but standing next to Angela who was getting even more stares, I may as well had been invisible. I was just about to assure Mr. Weber we would be fine, when a football hit me on my back. "What the f…" I stopped mid-sentence when I saw a bronze haired god jogging towards me. "I'm really sorry." He said while picking up the football. He stared in my eyes and I felt a spark. His eyes widen a little and I had to look down because I was getting red. "Edward?" Mr. Weber said. He shook Edward's hand. "Mr. Weber, how are you?" He said forcing himself to stop staring in my eyes. "Just showing Ang and Bells around the campus. They will be applying here next year." Edward looked down at me again. I stared at the football in his hands. "You know what I remember your dad saying something about you being here." "Yeah." "Here's a thought, you know the school way better than I do. Why don't you show the girls around?" I blushed and Ang beamed. "Yes dad. That sounds great. Go back to the hotel and get some rest." "I'll pick you up at 6." "Dad we'll just stay with Edward. Right Edward?" "I have my own apartment. They can sleep in my room while I take the couch." "I don't know girls." Mr. Weber shook his head. "Bella, how do you feel about that?" I stopped staring at Edward's hands and focused on Mr. Weber's worried face. I smiled. "I think we will be fine. We have our phones on if we need you." Mr. Weber thought. I don't know how convinced he was. After what seemed like forever, Mr. Weber sighed before saying, "Fine. But I know your dad's number son, and I will call him in a heartbeat. Girls, here's 50 dollars.