Summary: London, 1924. A darkness is rising and it brings with it death and fear and destruction. Byron Trelawney, desperately trying to make a name for himself as an Auror, is sucked into the chaos of an oncoming war, trapped between what his duty asks of him and the visions of an infuriatingly cryptic Seer. It is a hard task to be a hero when you don't know how to fight for anyone but yourself. "Do not go gentle into that good night." Dylan Thomas PROLOGUE 23 November 1924, London The streets of London were deserted. It was an uncommon sight, as usually the city was buzzing with a sort of perpetual bustle, a constant stream of mothers dragging their children from one store to the other and writers gallivanting up and down the walkways in search of inspiration. Automobiles honked at careless youngsters skipping school as throngs of chattering, well-dressed young women passed in clouds of cigarette smoke and perfume. Couples strolled along the pavement arm in arm, children traded comics for candies and shopkeepers stared longingly at the commotion from their windows. Things were different in Fulham, of course, one of London's poorest districts. Here, daughters hung their laundry in the street if ever there was a fleeting patch of sunlight peeking through the grey clouds. Mothers called their children, running wild with dirt smudging their faces and mud staining their trousers, inside for a dinner of watery stew. Fathers trudged to and from their factories in woeful lines, their faces as dirty as their children's. Sons became hoodlums behind their parents' homes, whispering softly that anything was better than the poorhouse. Not a soul was seen on the streets that night, however, no daughter, no mother, no father, no son. It might have been attributed to the rain, a steady pouring that had not seized for a minute in several days – but the British were accustomed to their own bad weather conditions and had learned to brave them. It was not due to the questionable nature of Fulham either. No, there was something quite different at work here, something that made the people of London retreat to their beds as soon as the sun had set, to bar their doors and shut their windows tight. There was something dark, crawling through the streets and settling around peoples' shoulders like an unfashionable shawl that could not be shaken. Albus Dumbledore passed the houses with a sense of detached curiosity, holding an umbrella in one hand and clutching his wand in the other. His fingers had already gone slightly stiff with the chill of a November night. He noted that there were no lights in the windows of the humble stone houses, no signs of the families living in them. Fulham looked that night, for all it was worth, like a ghost town. It was not a part of London that Dumbledore found himself in often. These days, he preferred the solitude of Hogwarts, of his office there, to the noise of roaring London with all its clubs and pubs and bars. He did, however, enjoy the colourful posters that advertised muggle products of all kinds from the walls around him, almost as much as he enjoyed a stroll down Diagon Alley. Dumbledore was fond in particular of the charming Cadbury advertisement, an absolutely delicious brand of muggle chocolate that he had become partial to. There were no colourful posters here as he left the main road and crossed into an intercepting, smaller one. It was not much more than a narrow alleyway, ironically called Queen Victoria Lane, the houses even duller and in poorer condition than those on Main Street, a fact he had previously thought impossible. Everything was dingy, dripping with rainwater and smelling distinctly of garbage. His shoes sunk at least two inches deep into the mud with every step and made soggy noises when he tore them out of their confines. Dumbledore stopped in front of the saddest of the houses, a dilapidated tenement building, Queen Victoria Lane Number 7, and heaved a sigh of relief. The sign announcing the house number might have once been bronze, but now it hung upside down from the mouldy stone wall, rusted and dented until it became near indiscernible. A lone candle was flickering in an upstairs window, but as Dumbledore climbed the few steps leading to the front door, it sniffed out as though extinguished by a sudden gust of wind. He closed his umbrella mindfully and stowed his wand away. For years he had dreaded and longed for this night in equal measures and as Dumbledore finally raised his hand to knock, he found himself a little breathless. The paint of the door had always been an unattractive brown but now it was chipping and the wood felt unpleasantly yielding beneath his knuckles. He knocked once and as there was no response, moved to rap against the door again, a bit more urgency in his movement this time. Again, nothing happened, until suddenly the crocheted curtains in the window just a few inches to his right moved and an old woman's head appeared behind the glass. Half of her face was still covered in fabric, but she looked less than pleased. "Go away!" she crowed in an unpleasant voice that sounded like matches being stuck against the side of the box and confirmed Dumbledore's suspicions about her feelings. "I am awfully sorry to disturb you," he called to her, "But I must speak to the Winslows." At the mention of that name, the woman's face twisted into a grimace. "They aren't in," she bellowed and her face disappeared. Dumbledore suppressed a sigh and fought to remain calm. "Madame, the matter is rather urgent I fear. Please let me in." There was no answer, only the wind howling through the alley and ruffling his unfamiliar muggle coat. Dumbledore closed his eyes for a moment before reaching into the pocket of his trousers and retrieving a few coins. "I have here," he said calmly, "two pounds for you if you would do me the kindness of opening this door." He shook the money so she could hear the distinctive sound of metal clanking against metal and would know he was not lying. He could always just cast a spell, blow the front door off its axes and then climb up the stairs to the Winslows' flat himself, but he had been raised better than that. He would not destroy an innocent woman's property to get his way. Two pounds was probably more money than this woman had seen in all her life, so Dumbledore was not surprised when he could hear a bolt being pushed aside and the door was ripped open hastily. The woman standing in the doorway reminded him, strangely, of a Bowtruckle as her skin was withered and leathery like the bark of a tree. Her mouth seemed to be frozen in a constant downward slope that made it seem as if she had just bitten into a lemon. "Why, thank you." Dumbledore smiled at her and made to move past her and into the house but a bony hand with yellowed fingernails shot forward, palm up, and blocked his path. "Money first," she barked and bared her teeth at him like some kind of animal. Perhaps, Dumbledore thought, he was doing the Bowtruckle an injustice by comparing it to this woman. He did, however, not say this out loud and instead dropped the money into her offered hand. Greedy fingers closed around the golden coins that disappeared between the folds of her skirt so fast one could think the woman was afraid Dumbledore might change his mind and demand the money back. Then, finally, she opened the door wide and beckoned for Dumbledore to step inside the house. Inside, it was no less cold than it had been out on the street and he understood now why the woman was wearing several shawls and what looked to be an old blanket around her shoulders. It was dark and unwelcoming and the woman led him to a creaking staircase without as much as a word. She was holding a single candle in her hand, wax dripping down the side already as the flickering flame painted grotesque shadows onto the walls. "Girls are under the roof," the woman, most likely the landlord of the house, told him as they climbed the stairs. "Cheapest flat I got here. Not that they manage to pay the rent on time, ever. It's only by the kindness of my own heart that I haven't thrown them out on the street yet." Somehow, Dumbledore doubted that kindness had anything to do with it. "Are you their father?" the woman asked suddenly, eyeing his well-tailored suit suspiciously. Dumbledore should have known that his expensive clothes would raise some questions. "You ain't making eyes at one of those, are you?" He was a little taken aback by her rude forwardness but shook his head regardless. "No. Just an old friend of the family." The woman did not look convinced, yet seemed to decide that she did not care either way. "Well, alright. I have to tell you I wouldn't let you up if you were fancying one of 'em, anyways. I have a good reputation to uphold and this is a respected, Christian household, not some... trugging house." Dumbledore shifted uncomfortably as he followed her up a second flight of stairs. His voice sounded much calmer and more collected than he felt as he answered, "Good thing you have nothing to worry about then, Madame. As I said, I am merely an old family friend." She huffed loudly as they reached the landing, nodding towards an unassuming door. "There you go. And remind those lassies that my money's due tomorrow." He waited until she had disappeared down the stairs, muttering profanities all the way and leaving him in darkness, before retrieving his wand and whispering lumos softly. Everything was tinged in a soft yellow glow, illuminating dark spots of indeterminable nature on the wooden floor which he avoided to step in as he approached the door. For the second time that night, he knocked and listened closely for any noise. There was a low shuffling and then a whisper too quiet for him to understand, but no one answered the door. He cleared his throat. "There is nothing to be afraid of," Dumbledore called through the door, "this is Albus Dumbledore and I only need to speak to Rosemary Winslow for a moment. May I come in?" The instant the words had left his mouth, the door was ripped open with such force that it slammed against the wall several times. Marigold Winslow, as tall as ever, illuminated by the glow of oil lamps and wearing a muggles' nurse uniform, was a frightful sight. Her eyes seemed to be shooting fiery daggers at Dumbledore. "What," she asked, her voice ringing clearly through the hallways, "do you want from my sister?" He registered that she was holding her wand in front of her, as if expecting an attack from him anytime and felt the sudden need to apologize for all that had happened to this family. Dumbledore closed his eyes for a moment and then pocketed his wand, showing the girl in the doorway his empty hands. "I mean you no harm. I am simply in need of your sister's abilities." Well my sister doesn't want to talk to you," Marigold snapped back at him. "So you better leave." "I see." Dumbledore observed her, saw the dark circles beneath her eyes, the sunken cheeks and frizzy hair. The oldest of the Winslow sisters was only twenty four, but she looked years older than that. Grief and toil had worn deep creases into her skin and had driven the light from her eyes. Once, she had been a student of his, a bright witch with potential the likes of which were found only rarely.