Of General Incivility Disclaimer : Anything you recognize either belongs to 1) J.K. Rowling 2) Jane Austen 3) the screenwriters of Joe Wright's adaptation of Pride and Prejudice. A/N: I know that I have absolutely no business starting any new fics, much less one that tries to capture the heat and perfection of Jane Austen's Pride & Prejudice. I've pretty much seen Joe Wright's Pride & Prejudice (2005) probably a thousand times (I actually had to buy a second disc because the first one stopped working after the first few hundred times of rewatching), and I'd always thought, Wouldn't it be interesting to botch it all up by trying to make DHr fic based on it? Could I ever be so foolish/brave enough to try? That being said, this is going to vary in places in terms of how closely it sticks to P&P (Austenites beware!). It's set in the same time period as P&P, but I'm definitely taking a few liberties. I still wanted to use most of the main HP characters, which is why some of the events/characters have to be changed/erased/replaced. Sadly, I had to trade in the wonderfully ridiculous and overbearing persona of Mrs. Bennett for a much more chill Mrs. Weasley because I love Mrs. Weasley too much to do that to her. "Could there be finer symptoms? Is not general incivility the very essence of love?" – Jane Austen, Pride & Prejudice ooo The Burrow was a crowded place full of energy, which meant there was never a still moment. Everywhere, there was chatter and motion, footsteps thudding down the stairs, conversation in the drawing room, yells of activity echoing over from the fields outside. Hermione had grown used to the constant hum of noise, and could even tune it out sometimes - this she considered a most convenient skill - but most days she retreated to the somewhat more tranquil outdoors with a book. She blamed her need for solitude a symptom of having been the only child for most of her life, until her parents had been killed during a violent robbery when they were returning home from town. She'd been just sixteen. The Weasleys had been kind enough to take her in, having known them through her close childhood friend, Harry Potter. The Weasleys were generous and kind despite their own financial circumstance; the Burrow was not a manor but a simple farmhouse, large yet cramped with its already too many inhabitants, dilapidated and always seemingly groaning with age. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had seven children, with the oldest three boys having gone off to pursue their fortunes and careers. Their names were Bill, Charlie and Percy. That left the four younger Weasleys: Twins Fred and George, Ron, and Ginevra (affectionately called Ginny) the youngest of the Weasley clan. She was the beauty of the family, and just a year younger than Hermione. Hermione was closest to Ron, who was her and Harry's age, and Ginny, who provided the comfort of having a fellow female to lament with over the small misfortunes of their lives. There was some excited chatter in the drawing room when Hermione returned from reading outside in the shade. Hermione entered the room to see that Ginny's friends, the two Patil sisters, and Lavender Brown, had come by to visit. Not a rare occasion, by any means. Hermione heard their distinct giggles at least a few times a week. They often came to beguile everyone with the latest gossip from town. Today was no different. After all, it was a truth universally acknowledged, by Muggle and magical people alike, that a single man in possession of ample fortune must be in perpetual search of a wife. Hermione couldn't fathom how men lived like that. How many sleepless nights, she pondered, did men of such comfort lose over not having a woman smile at them from across their supper to stroke their ego for very average accomplishments? "It is very exciting news indeed! Netherfield Park has been let at last! The very handsome and very eligible Mr. Zabini is expected to come into town next week from the North, and will be staying there for a month," Lavender announced, almost beside herself with excitement. "Five thousand Galleons a year!" Parvati leaned in. "That's not all!" she exclaimed. "His dear friend, Mr. Draco Malfoy, will be accompanying him. He is also unattached." Parvati's eyes scanned the room, wildly. "Ten thousand a year!" "Ten thousand?" Mrs. Weasley exclaimed. She looked like she might faint. The Patil sisters giggled. Hermione began to shake her head, which caught the eye of Lavender, who narrowed her eyes at her. "It seems Hermione is less than impressed. Pray tell, Hermione - what would pry you away from those dusty pages of yours?" "A giant library," one of the Patil sisters laughed. "That would certainly help," Hermione said. "But a library, no matter the size, could ever make up for the character of a man." "What does it matter his character for ten thousand Galleons a year! He could be a furry beast in silk stockings and I wouldn't hesitate to be his wife." "I know you wouldn't," Hermione muttered, and Ron, who was sitting beside her, coughed back his laugh. "It's certainly extraordinary for you to keep such high standards," Lavender sneered. "You – a Muggleborn orphan with no dowry to speak of, relying on the generosity of the Weasleys. You're of age, Hermione, and soon you'll be too old to be considered a true prospect. If you were truly smart, you'd lower your standards from imaginary literary figures. Perhaps then you won't end up a poor spinster." "Lavender," Ron sighed. "Leave her alone, will you?" "It's the truth," Lavender said. "She receives no benefit by keeping her circumstance silent." "Girls, girls," Mrs. Weasley interjected, standing up. "Let's remember our manners, please. Thank you for bringing this news to us, as usual. I have a letter to write to my sister. Will you be staying for supper?" ooo There was a little nook inside the Burrow that Hermione sometimes liked to sit in and read. It was next to a window, which provided ample natural light during the daytime, and next to Mr. Weasley's study. She'd discovered some time ago that hearing the quiet rustles of Mr. Weasley working in his study soothed her. She hadn't yet figured out why. She retired there soon after the conversation in the drawing room, despite having caught Ginny's pleading look for her to stay. The Patil sisters and Lavender were tolerable on their good days, mostly on days that did not involve wealthy, eligible wizards. Hermione would happily boast of having had a few decent conversations with them each. Today was not one of those days. Hermione paused her reading when she heard two muffled voices in the study. "Mr. Weasley, considering the news brought to us today, I do think it might be prudent for Ginny and Hermione to meet Mr. Zabini or Mr. Malfoy. No doubt, with news this size, all of the families with single, of-age daughters in the next counties over and in town are making similar plans." "I thought you had to write your sister a letter," Mr. Weasley said, amusedly. Mrs. Weasley's voice became firmer. "If you harbor any affection for me, Mr. Weasley, or have felt any inkling of joy within these thirty years of matrimony, then you will find a way to have our girls meet them. Single men of such wealth rarely come with such opportunity in these parts. Both Ginny and Hermione are approaching the end of their marriageable years - Hermione, most especially." "You've heard Hermione. She'd far much rather prefer an intelligent conversation about philosophy than a small-minded suitor with deep pockets." "That very may will be, but she is a young girl, and we are her guardians. We can barely muster enough money for Ginny's dowry - how could we even think of hers? What her parents left her was only enough to buy her a few nice dresses. The books they left her of any value, she refuses to sell. The poor girl's been dealt an unfortunate hand. We're all she has, and we must think of her future. She is a smart, wonderful girl. She deserves better than a life fraught with worry and hunger." Hermione felt a pang in her heart. She knew that Mrs. Weasley was far too kind to ever say such things in front of her. She was right. The Weasleys barely enough money to keep the Burrow upright (every year it slanted a little more to the left), let alone have money for their children to lure in marital prospects. "But of course," Mr. Weasley murmured. "Which is why I've already paid Netherfield a visit. The girls will be introduced to Mr. Zabini and Mr. Malfoy next week at the ball." There was the sound of movement, before she heard Mrs. Weasley's muffled exclamation, an affectionate reprimand. "Oh Mr. Weasley!" Hermione smiled to herself. How she adored the Weasleys. "Best tell the girls to air out their best gowns. I shall leave that to your expertise, as I simply do not have the appropriate manner of discernment when it comes to the latest fashions in town." ooo "Are you nervous?" Hermione looked up from her book of practicing spells at Harry and Ron, who were floating in midair on their brooms. They casually tossed around an old, weathered ball. The sun was setting behind them, casting a golden glow on their faces. "Nervous about what?" Hermione asked. "Nervous about the ball tomorrow," Harry said. "And ensnaring your future husband with his five thousand Galleons a year." "That's only if she can't beguile the one that makes twice as much," Ron laughed. "That's right. Could you imagine? Netherfield Hall, full of scheming ladies, determined to wed one of two eligible prospects. Feathers and pearls flying everywhere. It'll be a bloodbath." "No," Hermione said, giving them a look. "I'm not nervous." "But of course you aren't!" Harry exclaimed. "Perhaps if he wrote words across his forehead, you'd find him more interesting." "And annotations. The lady doth love her annotations." "There I cannot argue with you. If men were more like books, I'd hold them to much higher regard, and possibly even find them tolerable. At least a person can learn from books. Men are too concerned with their own vanity to spend any of their energy on self-reflection or growth." Harry and Ron laughed again. "Your disdain for the opposite sex and marriage is precisely what makes you such a pleasure to be around." "You paint me with too broad a stroke, Harry. It's not marriage I disdain," Hermione stated, simply. "It's marriage without love. Marriage for anything else than love - wealth, material comforts, the fear of dying alone." "I do love it when you turn all morbid," Ron grinned. "But you're living in a fantasy world, Hermione. Marriage is about utility. You're lucky if you can even carry on a conversation when you're alone. Sometimes, love comes after. Look at my parents. They love each other to death, but they didn't start out that way. I'm sure your Muggle parents were the same. Harry's, too." Hermione shook her head. "Just because it's the way it is, doesn't mean it has to be that way." Harry and Ron burst into laughter again. Not mockingly, but tenderly. "Finding Hermione Granger a husband. I do believe we'll enjoy this very much, Ron." ooo Netherfield hall was a breathtaking place. Roomy, sweeping corridors, elegant furnishings and high, classic architecture - certainly not a location Hermione thought she would find herself visiting often (if ever again) in the future. Upon entering, she found herself caught between a gape and a dismissive scoff. It was too easy to find expensive things pretty, she knew, but she was rarely allowed to be in the presence of such extravagance. As instructed, she'd worn her best