TITLE: Learning How to Bloom AUTHOR: Virgo Pixie SUMMARY: After a traumatic experience, Bella moves back to Forks, were she learns more about friendship, flowers, and freedom. This is the year Isabella Marie Swan Bloomed. Canon Pairing. All human. A/N: Hello all, I want to first take the time to say THANK YOU for reading my fanfic. I hope you love it and grab on to the story quickly as I have. I currently don't have a beta or a proof reader, but I thought 'hey, the show must go on!' So here we are. If you have any questions, comments, or rants you feel you must share, please DM me, or Comment to this story. I am currently a junior in college, so I want to be able to post once a week, but I might get delayed at times, so please be patient. Tell me what you think… Chapter 1 The place smelled the same as I always remembered: Rain, Moss, and a hint of mildew. The car ride from the airport was as it always was, quiet. Charlie, being the perfect cop that he is, has his face straight ahead, his eyes is focused on the road, and his hands is gripping the steering wheel so hard that his already pale knuckles was turning a sickly white. I really wanted to grab my iPod to blast my music, so I won't have to suffer through this uncomfortable silence, but I didn't want to seem rude. I must admit that I loved this silence, it's better than my mother's constant unnecessary chatter. He was all I had now, even though he didn't know that little detail yet. The memory of my mother telling me that she didn't want to deal with my ungrateful, whore ass flashed through my mind, and I had to keep the bile from coming up as it always did when I thought about that night. I didn't let her see me cry, but as soon as I was on the plane, I cried so hard I was afraid that the passenger next to me would be horrified, but she wasn't. She was beautiful, with a heart-shaped face that was framed with the most beautiful copper, caramel hair I have ever seen. She looked at me with those expressive green eyes, and asked me if everything was okay. I, thinking that I would never see this lady again, told her everything. I told her about my life in Phoenix, about my mother Renee, and I even told her about Phil. It poured out of me and as I finished I passed out from all the exhaustion. I woke up with my head on her shoulder, and a huge, embarrassing amount of drool were my head once was laid. She shook off my apology, and told me that she was glad she was my shoulder to cry on. She gave me a soft smile, and an encouraging hand squeeze. I remember thinking as she walked away, I wish she was my mother. The car stopping abruptly caused me to come out of my chaotic mind, and realize that we have made it home. Same as it always was, small, white, and slightly worn. "Your hair is longer." Charlie said as he finally looked over at me. "Um… thanks." I said because I didn't know what to say. What I really wanted to say was, 'I cut it since last time you saw me.' But I didn't want to get kicked out for being rude. That was one of the things Renee said when she told me to get up and pack. " I hope Charlie can deal with those smart ass comments" she spit at me as she throw clothes at me. She throw one more glare my way as she snapped at me to get dressed. Shaking my head of the memory, I grabbed my things as Charlie grabbed my luggage. As we walked to the door I noticed a big rusty red truck sitting next to Charlie's police cruiser. "Um… Bells, I like you to meet your truck." He said with a small smile. I looked now at the truck with new eyes. This is mine? No, this can't be mine. Did Charlie seriously buy me a truck? I looked at Charlie to confirm, when I saw his smile began to fall. "I know it's not new or flashy, but it can get you to school. You can go to Port Angeles and hang out with some of your friends. I just thought you would like some freedom, and-" I cut him off, once I realized that he was serious about this truck being mine. I then told him exactly how I felt, "I love it Charlie!" I told him with grateful eyes. Charlie then looked away with a small smile. "Glad you like it" he mumbled as he began to walk back towards the house. Opening the door, the house was the same as I remembered from when I was 8. The recliner was across the TV, and the place was glittered with pictures of me as a kid, and some of Charlie and Renee. It was worn, but warm. You could tell it was lived in. Walking up the stairs with Charlie, he showed me my old room. The purple walls were so familiar just as the rocking chair in the corner was also. The only things that was different was the bed sheets, and instead of the prehistoric computer, a sleek silver laptop sat in its place. I also noticed that there was a new TV on a stand across my bed. Charlie sat down my luggage in the corner as I walked around the room. "Charlie, you didn't have to buy me the laptop and the new TV." I told him as I sat on the bed, because I knew that those things were a luxury at Renee's house. I had to earn the privilege to watch TV or get on the internet for other than my school work. I never got to earn my worth to her, I guess I was just worthless. He shrugged as he looked at me, "I wanted you to be comfortable here Bells." He said with a comforting smile. Could he see how broken I am now? Could he see the scars that cover me? I know Renee and Phil did a number on me, but did it show? I couldn't keep his gaze long, so I looked down at the deep purple and blue comforter instead. "Thanks Charlie. This is all so nice." I say. The bed dips beside me, and I feel Charlie's hand slip into mine. Charlie then clears his throat, "Bella, what's going on?" he ask. I shake my head as I gather as much courage as I can to lie to him. "I am fine, I just wanted to give Renee and Phil space. They are newlyweds." I try to say with as much enthusiasm as I can, but I think it fall short once I spoke his name. "Are you sure that's all?" he ask one last time. "Yes" I say with a smile, but I'm sure it looks more like a frown. He looked at me as if he didn't believe a word I said, but he nodded as if to say 'okay, I'll let it go for now.' He got up as he gave my shoulder a small squeeze, and walked to the door. I let out a small relieved sigh as I heard the door open, but it didn't close. "You know bells, you can always call me dad." He said simply as he closed the door. A tear fell and then the dam broke. I tried to cry as softly as I could while the pillow muffled my sobs. I cried for Charlie, who was always so good to me. I cried for the years I lost with him, because of my mother. I cried for the little girl who use to call him dad. … .. I woke with a start from the reoccurring nightmare, as the rain fell heavy outside my window. I grabbed my phone off my nightstand next to my Romeo and Juliet book, and looked at the time, 6:35. I've completely slept the day away, I thought as I got out of my bed. My stomach growled as I made my way down stairs to see what I could whip up for dinner. The smell of pizza hit my nose as I walked down the last step to see my dad in his recliner, with a huge slice of peperoni pizza hanging out of his mouth. His eyes was glued to the TV, until he noticed me. "Bells, I ordered pizza. I wasn't sure what your favorite was so I just ordered a peperoni. I hope that's ok?" he asked with unsure eyes. "Thanks dad. Peperoni is my favorite, but you didn't have to order pizza. I could have made something for dinner." I could tell as I said this that I was fidgeting, and Charlie, being the ever observant cop, zeroed in on my fingers. "I didn't want to make you my slave on the first day I get you. I just got you back." He says with a throaty chuckle. I laughed with him, but I felt the hairs on my arm rise with his words. I turned and walked toward the brightly kitchen, as I rubbed my arms soothingly. He's not like them. He's not like them. He's not like them . Was on repeat in my mind, I could feel myself getting light headed, so I sat down and placed my head between my legs. With deep breaths I would hear my heart began to slow down to a normal pace. I don't know how long I sat there before my legs started to work and my arms started to act more like arms. Putting two slices on a plate, I sat on the kitchen table and began to eat my pizza in silence. I hummed a small satisfied tune as I munched happily on my second slice. Renee never believed in fast food, she always called it 'greasy garbage', but on the days I knew she wasn't going to be home, I would pig out on any greasy takeout I could get my hands on. After I finished eating, I decided to do some cleaning. I cleaned the kitchen from top to bottom. I washed the dishes, scrubbed the floor and counters, and I even cleaned out the stove and refrigerator. Satisfied with the way I left the kitchen, I walked back into the living room to an angry Charlie. He was sitting on the edge of his recliner, as his eyes watched the game with rapid attention. The sound of a whistle blowing on the TV, caused Charlie to sit back and curse silently. All while this was going on, I stood over by the kitchen door with my head bowed and my hands folded behind me, my usual stance. "Oh, Bella you scared me. Why are you all the way over there? You want to sit and watch the game?" he asked as he motioned toward the couch next to the recliner. "No sir, I don't want to interrupt you. I just wanted to ask, did you have any clothes that needed to be washed?" I asked as I looked at him, but not for long. Renee never liked my eyes on her long. "No I did them this morning. I like to reserve my Sunday mornings to laundry." Nodding my head I make my way back upstairs were I can relax, but before I could Charlie stopped me in my tracks with what came out of his mouth next, "I had you registered for school. You start tomorrow." I turned around to him to give him a small smile and a nod, before I made my way back upstairs to my