CHAPTER ONE OF THE REPORT BY SCORPION22 DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE CHARACTERS IN THIS STORY THEY ALL BELONG TO STEPHANIE MEYER. Renesme Carlie Cullen had a very big family. She had her boyfriend Jacob who was considered part of the family by everyone; Jacob is older than Renesme in a way. Jacob is seventeen and had been that way for quite some time now, this was because Jacob was a werewolf ( no not the kind that change by moonlight either ), Jacob could transform whenever he wanted I front of whoever he wanted. Renesme is fifteen years old, and lives in Forks Washington. Her father is Edward Cullen, a seventeen year old vampire, (everyone in her family are vampires even Renesme, but she's also half human). Her mother Bella was eighteen when she died; she died a long time ago when Renesme was still a baby, and she died seconds after giving birth. Then there is her Aunts Rosalie and Alice, Alice who is also her dads' girlfriend and one of her best friends. She also has one uncle named Emmett, Renesme used to have another uncle named Jasper, he was also Alice's mate at the time, but Jasper couldn't take the families vegetarian lifestyle and left to return to his old lifestyle of killing humans and drinking their blood. Renesme also had her grandparents Carlisle and Esme, though to look at them you wouldn't think they were that's why everyone at school thought them her parents and her dad and aunts and uncle her siblings, the whole town thought they were all adopted. It was always on her mind that she wanted to know more about her mom. Renesme heard about her from everyone growing up, and her dad had even let her have a picture of her to keep. Renesme already knew from the picture and looking at her dad that she had her mom's eyes, her dads' hair color, and despite the fact that she had been a human and him a vampire that they were both very pale. From what her family and even Jacob had told her, she also knew her mom was born here in forks, but had left as a baby after her parents divorced and lived in Phoenix Arizona, and had moved back to forks when she was seventeen to live with her dad while her mom lived in Florida, and that's how she met Renesmes dad. She knew a lot, but she wanted to know so much more, such things like how they decided to name her Renesme or what was her favorite color or movie, she wanted to know these things, Renesme didn't want them to be a mystery to her anymore. So Renesme decided to find out more about her mom Bella, she would ask her family and Jacob too, and maybe threw them she would find out everything she wanted and needed to know. That very day Renesme walked into her sophomore literature class, taking her seat Renesme listened as her teacher Mrs. Lievers assigned them a report that would be due in two months, listening her heart jumped as she assigned the class a report on someone they have never met, Renesme instantly decided she would do her report on her mom. Renesme was very excited to ask questions about her mom when she arrived home, but she didn't expect the tension that was in the air when she walked into the room, every eye in the room was on her as she entered the mansion. She listened as she was told of the Volturi coming to visit and checkup on her. Renesme had heard of the Volturi before when she had been told the story of her mom saving her dad from them in Italy before she was born. After it all being explained to her, she nodded her understanding silently deciding to wait to tell them about her report till later, and picked up her books, and walking home to the cottage with Alice and her dad. A few hours later Renesme lay across her bed finishing up the last of her homework, the report constantly on her mind when a knock sounded at her bedroom door. "Come in", called Renesme, looking as her dad came into the room, and sat down on the bed next to her. "You alright Nessie ", asked her dad worry plain in his tone of voice. "Yeah ", looking at him she was working up the strength the mention the report to him, like her mom her dad couldn't read her thoughts like he could everyone else. "Dad could you help me with a report I have to do for school ", asked Nessie smiling pleadingly up at him. "Of course what's it on ", and he smiled when she grinned at him in response while waiting patiently as she got out her notebook. " Well I have to do it on someone I've never met, and I was going to do it on my mom", she looked at him searching for a reaction, and from the look on his face she could tell he wasn't surprised, and that it was alright with him, he'd be happy to help. Edward looked at his daughter at that moment, grinning in a way Bella had always loved, and thinking to himself that their daughter was so much like Bella, just looking into Nessie's eyes he saw Bella in them. " That's great Nessie I'm sure the whole family would love to help we can all tell you a lot", said her dad, and as she hugged him silently saying her thanks Charlie popped into his head, Edward thought that maybe it was time the two met. The following day it was a beautiful cloudy Saturday so Renesme went to the mansion with Alice and her dad, Edward had told Alice all about the report the night before, and both couldn't wait to tell the rest of the family. Nessie sat on the couch next to them both as they informed the rest of the family, and to her delight they were as enthusiastic as they had been about it, the whole group was laughing and smiling at the news. "What are you going to do about the mom part, everyone at school thinks Esme is your mom", asked her aunt Rosalie, causing everyone else to turn in her direction waiting for an answer. "Well they also think we're all adopted so I could say the report is on my real mom not my adopted mom", said Nessie simply, the family seemed to think this a good idea. Nessie was now very confident about her report and from the way everyone smiled around her, she knew they were confident of her plans too. "Nessie what information will you need to know first", asked her uncle Emmett, coming to sit next to her, and putting a huge arm around her. "First I think I might need some photos of her and things that belonged to her, and I was thinking we could visit her grave because I've never been there before", said Nessie with confidence clear in her tone. "You all wouldn't mind that would you", asked Renesme, she was answered by being pulled into a hug by her dad reassuring her that it was fine, and that news couldn't help, but make her smile at him. As Edward hugged his daughter, the family made plans to visit Bella's gravesite, everyone planned on bringing flowers, and though they wouldn't admit it to Renesme they would all be very sad in going cause they all still missed Bella very much, espaelly how clumsy she was. As everyone planned Edward went into the kitchen, picking up the phone, and dialing a number he called every once in a while, the number was the home line of Chief Charlie Swan. Unlike Bella's mom Renee, Charlie knew how Bella had really died, and that he had a granddaughter, Edward had taken her over to the house when she was a baby to show her to him, but of course she didn't remember that, the only ones who were there were Charlie, the baby, Jacob, and himself, when Charlie picked up the phone he listened as Edward told him of their plans to go to the cemetery, and of Renesmes report, he quickly agreed to meet them at the cemetery, and as he hung up the phone he couldn't wait to finally meet his granddaughter. Charlie sat down on the couch, looking to the left of himself he picked up the photo of Bella that was on the coffee table, looking at it he whispered so that only he could hear " I miss ya Bells", and set the picture where it was before. The next day as Carlisle drove to the cemetery, Edward silently sat in the backseat with Alice, Nessie, and the rest of the family, quietly thinking that he hadn't been to Bella's grave since he had laid her to rest there, but he had always had flowers delivered there every day. He had never had the strength, he had loved her more than anything in the universe, and still did, and though he would never tell her, Edward loved Bella more than he could ever love Alice. He felt Alice wake him from his thought when she squeezed his hand reassuringly, looking into her eyes he could tell she knew what he had been thinking and didn't seem to mind, she understood because Bella had been her best friend, and she missed her still. Nessie looked at her family, they all stood around her, some watching her, others looking at the gray tombstone in front of her, and she followed their gazes looking at the grave. The tombstone read Isabella (Bella) Swan Cullen, then her date of birth, and the date she died, Renesme knew the date well that same date was her birthday. It also read on the tombstone that she was a great person smart, loving, and kind, and that she was a wonderful wife, mother, daughter, sister, and friend. They all placed their own bundles of flowers next to the grave, turning when they heard Charlie approaching, Renesme was the only one surprised by his approach because she did not know who he was. Charlie greeted the family, shaking hands, and embracing with them all except for Edward and Nessie, then he placed his own bundle of flowers next to the others by the tombstone, then looking at the grave for a moment he brought his hand to his lips, kissing his hand, after placing it on the tombstone. Charlie then whispered so that if they hadn't of been vampires they wouldn't have heard him say it, Charlie whispered "I love ya Bells". He approached Edward and the two embraced, and after a moment they broke apart and seemed to look at each other for a moment before they began to speak. "How are you son", asked Charlie, looking at Edward as he waited for an answer to his question. Edward answered saying "fine Charlie". When Bella was living Charlie had hated Edward, but after she died they decided they should get to like each other, and now they talked all the time on the phone, and sometimes Edward would come over and visit him at the house. Now Charlie thought of Edward as a member of the family, like a son, and Edward thought of Charlie the same way except more like a dad. "Nessie", called Edward gesturing for Renesme to come over to him, and hugging her when she ran into his embrace. "Nessie I would like you to meet your grandpa, your mom's dad Charlie", said Edward to his daughter as he gestured to Charlie. Then Renesme listened as her dad continued by gesturing to her, and as he did this her mind ran wild this man standing before her was her grandpa, her mom's