A/N: Hi guys! As some of you may know, my name is Riley, and I'm the author of Elena's Story . If you don't know what that is, let me fill you in: it was a story I wrote when I was 13, about a 16 year old demigod named Elena Westlie, who fell in love with the god Apollo. It's on this account, and you can read it if you'd like! But that was 6 years ago , and so my best friend Whitney (author of Emilie's Story, also on this account) and I decided that we'd do something great: we'd rewrite our stories (the stories of who we'd be if we lived in the Percy Jackson universe, as demigods) to reflect who we are now- and in honor of the new book about my boyfriend, Apollo! But the whole story is in 2 parts: Rolling Waves, Turning Tides , and the story of her best friend, Accidental Affair . So if you want to get the whole picture of Elena's life, read that too! This story takes place, like Elena's story , a couple of years after the books have ended, where Percy is older and away at college. Disclaimer: I do not own the PJO series, but I DO own Elena Westlie! There will be no spoilers for the new books. Up until my twelfth year, I always felt like I was waiting for something. Not consciously, of course, but there. Right under my skin, like the feeling just before a wave breaks, you know it's coming, but it hasn't happened yet. So I like organic cookies. Okay, that didn't really have to do with anything, but it has everything to do with my mom. She's one of those self-proclaimed "hippy-dippy" types (Emilie's mom's words, not mine. My mom loves it.) despite being born in the late seventies. She was a little late to the party, but never quite got that memo, so she still dresses like her mother did when she was born. Very new-age, organic foods, long skirts, and during my entire third grade, dreadlocks. She's one for cooking, and when we lived in Seattle, it was really easy to find organic markets, she really fit in there. Donna "Opal" (legally changed) Westlie was not someone who looked like they belonged in Manhattan. But to my friends, she was always known as the "cool mom." She was a little spacey, which is why no one ever actually paid much attention to the slightly bizarre things she sometimes said. We were pretty sure it's because she smoked a lot of weed around the time I was born, so she didn't always remember the things she got up to back then, and I figured she felt bad about not remembering my father, so she kinda made one up. She called him Poseidon. Like the Greek god? Yeah, like the Greek god. That's how we knew he was made up. She said I had his nose, which was a little obvious, because I certainly didn't have hers . It's one of my most defining features, she liked to say, and that I should be proud of it. I also got my hair from him. Black and thin, I wore it short for a long time, until the past few years, when I decided that I wanted to be able to do things with my hair. So just before leaving for camp after the 11th grade, I bleached it blonde, and've kept it that way since. It's long now, wavy strands down my back. My mom likes to braid glass beads into it when we drink together, she said it reminded her of my dad, when I looked like that. Her hair was much lighter than mine is naturally- it's a thick mousey brown, matching her hazel eyes- the one thing I really inherited from her. Everything else was a little mix-and-match with me. I didn't know what my father really looked like- Mom said she didn't have any pictures, but that I looked very much like him. I always thought she was just pointing out the parts of me that didn't look like her so I'd feel closer to him- my Greek nose, my black hair, my ability to tan without looking like a lobster. I spent most of my early life on beaches in Washington. The rocky shores are like no other beaches I've ever seen, and as much as I like Florida or California or New York beaches, Washington rocks and sand will always seem like home to me. My grandparents used to take me to Whidbey Island for parades, and my mom and I would spend hours splashing in the chilly water, as the wind ran through her hair. When I was in the third grade, she moved us to New York, claiming it was to be "closer to family" which didn't make any sense at the time- my grandparents lived in Snohomish. Of course it made a lot more sense after my twelfth summer, since I discovered I had about five hundred cousins all living just outside Manhattan, and a few on a cloud just above it. It was actually a huge coincidence I met Emilie at all. Out of all the schools in all the cities she could have moved to with her family from New Jersey, she moved five blocks away from me and my mom, and enrolled in the same class I did. Maybe it was divine intervention, or maybe it was just the draw of genetics, but Emilie and I hit it off, and she became my best friend for life. I didn't know until much later that she was actually my cousin. Emilie's mom didn't really like my mom. Her mom was from Cuba, and spoke English perfectly- she was a banker, which is how she met Emilie's dad, and also her father - but she was a little bit uptight. I suppose our moms were kinda on the opposite extremes on the mom scale, which is why my mom was so chill with Emilie's, and Emilie's so not with mine. None of the stuff we did, like underage drinking, really happened until after the big reveal and high school, so at the time she couldn't really protest Emilie hanging out with me, and after the big reveal, she was kinda stuck with us. Emilie's dad and her father aren't the same guy. She has an older brother, Sam, who's actually her half brother, on her mom's side. He was ten years older than her, born three years before her mom and dad even decided to get married. Emilie was born ten years later. It turned out that her mom had had an affair with a man she met at the bank, whose real name she never even learned. Nobody but Emilie's mom knew that, not until we were twelve. Emilie Reynolds, my best friend, didn't look much like me, despite similar descriptions of us. Emilie was shorter than me, by a good few inches, her own dark hair cropped at the shoulder. Her eyes were much darker than mine, and after the few seconds I had meeting her father years later, I can say one thing: if she'd inherited anything from him, it was his eyes. Her face, like her mother's, was round, and she had the same complexion as her mother. I suppose her father had a thing for darker women. This is all the stuff before. And after? Everything changed. My name is Elena Westlie, and I'm a daughter of Poseidon. The summer before my thirteenth birthday, there was a really big storm that hit New York. It also hit California, and a lot of other places too, but it was really concentrated in my city. For the most part of the summer, people were really worried, and even my mom urged us to stay inside. What I didn't know, for most of the summer, was that it wasn't really a big storm, but demigods like myself, and gods, like my father, fighting to stay alive against the forces of the titans. But my family won that war, and in the last two weeks of that summer, Emilie and I were summoned to this place called Camp Half-Blood, for people like us, we were told. Satyrs were sent for the kids of parents who knew- like me- and camp counselors were sent for the kids who's parents' didn't know their child was half Greek god, like Emilie's, in a story I never quite got to hear. At first I didn't believe it- my mom must have gotten one of her friends to come play a trick on me- but as soon as Gwartney showed us his cloven hooves, I was a little more inclined to believe what he said. He explained that as part of some demigod agreement, the time had come for me and all of the other children of Greek gods to come to camp to be claimed as children of our parents, and I'd find out who my dad really was. When my mother told him that Poseidon was my father, he looked a little skeptical, but just nodded along with her, and on the way down to the van taking all the Manhattan kids to camp, he explained that sometimes lesser gods told mortals they were someone else to impress them, so don't be surprised if my father was like, Hypnos or Deimos. When I climbed into the van, to my eternal surprise, I saw a very dazed Emilie. She'd just been told through a big reveal that her dad wasn't her biological father, and that by coming to this camp, she'd find out who he really was. There were a bunch of other kids in the van- two of the older kids, maybe in high school, were in bright orange shirts and had bead necklaces around their necks- mostly people our age, but a few younger or older. After three or four more stops, we started the trip to Long Island, where we'd spend the next two weeks of our summer, and the next five summers till now. The eighteen of us piled out of the van and into this place they called "the Big House" which was just that- a large farmhouse with lounge chairs on the porch, rooms we weren't allowed into, and more than a dozen bizarre sights. We were all shuffled into a large room with a projector, where we watched an orientation video that left our heads spinning. Then, the two guides popped up, introducing themselves as Will Solace, and Malcolm Pace. Malcolm was a son of Athena, and Will a son of Apollo. It still felt unreal to me- the grumpy-looking man in purple that had been sitting in the front of the bus was a god ? My own father was a god? But then the two campers had the other sixteen of us lineup in alphabetical order, and as the man- no, god- known as Mr. D, our new activities director, read off our names- somehow, miraculously, not getting a single name right the first time- glowing symbols appeared over our heads, washing us in colored lights. The symbols, not always incredibly obvious, were somehow known to all of us. Apollo, Demeter , and then, finally , me. It didn't come as a shock when the glowing symbol over my head was a trident. Emilie, who was a few campers before me, was still staring at the symbol over her head, a skull that somehow radiated black light, giving her a shadow-laden appearance, and she looked lost. Hades . Racking my brain, the best I could come up with was, he's the god of dead people, right ? But after a moment, I realized that wasn't what was bothering her, not at all. I'd met her dad, I'd been over to her house a million times. Only, the man she called 'Dad' wasn't