Full summary : I was never supposed to be born, being a daughter of Hades, and all. I was never supposed to go to school, or go to camp, or even exist. But more importantly, I was never supposed to fall in love with a god... especially one who's "grounded." To make matters worse, a psychotic redhead has a vendetta to destroy who-knows-what, probably everything. Things seemed to be under control, but something was off, and even Chiron couldn't tell Camp Half-Blood what was going on. But even with the pressing matter of the end of the universe itself, or maybe just the age of the gods, it seemed as though Aphrodite wouldn't stop with the distractions. Great, as if the infamous camp director wasn't trouble enough without the love goddess' help. Author's note : This story is slowly being rewritten. It's an AU, differing from the original series in a few ways, but my co-writer and I try to keep it as close to canon as possible. I don't suggest reading on to chapters that haven't been rewritten, because details will change and it probably won't be the same once I get to it. But, if you have any questions, leave a review or a pm and I'll get back to you. There could be some dark themes, most likely explicit things later on, just as a fair warning. This story is half of a whole. You don't need to read the other to read this story, but it's a lovely read and about Apollo. The title of the other is Elena's Story, and my dear friend Riley has started to rewrite it, as well. Disclaimer : I don't own anything written by Mr. Rick Riordan, this is but a humble work of fanfiction that I hope entertains you in the least. School was never something I was going to fit into. Not in elementary school, not in junior high, and it most certainly not in high school. It simply was never going to get better, despite what my aunt and several counselors had told me, and I think I knew that from very early on. I've always been the ostracized child. School psychiatrists had a field day with me, the instant they saw me they knew they were going to drag me into their office to be analyzed sometime that year. In the third grade I was convinced that was their goal and tried to act normal, but that lasted all of three months. I was suspended a week later. I wasn't some teenager going through a phase, nor was I being dramatic. I knew for a fact that I wasn't popular, that I was the opposite of popular, I was very antisocial. But most of the time, it wasn't my fault. I wanted friends. I wanted to have sleepovers and play-dates. But nobody would befriend me, they were frightened of me, and I had no idea why. I was lucky to have made friends with Elena before school even started, and I was worried that I was going to lose her up until junior high. But once high school hit, she was stuck with me, and I knew I wouldn't let her go. But, in truth, I didn't really have anyone else. I didn't have other friends, allies, acquaintances… I was alone, a freak of nature, and that was something I could admit. I was told often enough. Perhaps it was the very beginning when everything went terribly, terribly wrong. Kindergarten was the earliest I could remember, halfway through that school year, Elena and I were on our very first fieldtrip. Even then, we were inseparable. I can't remember much, we were so young then, and almost a blur surrounds the memories, but Elena and I somehow escaped both of our teachers and sneaked off into the forest. We were chasing after something. All I remember is that it was silver and wispy, almost like a cloud. Of course, a single demigod would attract a monster, but that was usually once the kid was a little older. But the thing is… the reason Elena and I stuck together, through thick and thin, against all odds, staying by each other's sides even as we moved from school to school, was because we were both of godly decent. Both demigods, brought together by some inner pulling, some sort of instinct. We didn't even realize it was happening, but it somehow kept us safe in the worst of times, and not many demigods can say that they had someone there with them. At the age of twelve is when the monsters start to hit, usually. But with two demigods, holding hands and wandering off alone in a very dark, dense forest, it was like holding a giant sign, signaling for monsters to come get us. Later, when I learned of monsters, I wasn't surprised that one came after us. I never remembered what it looked like, but the stench was so potent, it was something one could never forget. Sulfur, feces, and rotten eggs… I remember Elena and me looking at each other, wrinkling our noses in disgust. Two five-year-olds alone in a forest with a terrifying monster at our heels? We were dead meat. Even as demigods, we had no idea how to protect ourselves, we were still such young children. Lucking for us, we weren't the main target of the monster. To it, we were just a lucky snack while it was on its way. We were being watched over, in the good way, by a band of girls. They, compared to the memory, I remember very clearly. There were a bunch of them, all ranging in ages, although they all looked pretty old to me considering I was five. They were dressed in green, silver, and the occasional black. They group of them surrounded the monster just as it was about to swing its long claws at us. I didn't see what they did to the thing; I was too busy squeezing my eyes shut in fear. There were a few slashes, I could hear something cut the air, and then there was a loud thud. I peeked a single eye open, catching sight of nothing but golden dust on the ground. The girls, now that the monster was gone and I could see them better, had a silvery aura to them. They reminded me of the angels my mother told me about, at the time. The leader stepped forward, appearing to be the oldest in the group. She gave my best friend and I a very long look, then said something quietly along the lines of, "Protect yourselves, maidens." Then, she nodded to the other girls, and they gathered their things and left. It was very much like chicks following a mother duck. I noticed that the last one following, however, was a girl with snow-white hair and she looked like she very much wanted to speak with us. She never got the chance. After an hour of us tripping over fallen branches and logs, crying in a daze, the police found us. It wasn't until I read the police report a few years later did I know the details of the condition that they found us in. We were covered in golden dust, and we had scents to us. The policeman who found us was very confused, I could tell as much in the report. He said, and I quote, "One smelled like the ocean, and the other smelled like… like autumn." We were excused from the fieldtrip and sent home to our parents. My mother then gave me a very long lecture on not running off from the group, and then made me a cup of hot chocolate and read me my favorite bedtime story. It was one of the Greek myths that she always read to me, she always said that they would help me later on in life, but I always assumed she meant in school, in a literary sense. Never did I think they would actually apply to my life. The next mishap was three years later, when I was in grade three. At this point, Elena had transferred schools after being expelled for pulling the fire alarm. I remember she did it because it was hot in the halls, and she thought some water would cool us down. I thought she was insane. But this fieldtrip was to a greenhouse, and a very big mistake. I didn't have many friends, and without Elena by my side, I wasn't sure what to do. I sat alone on the bus, curling up in a ball when my teacher forced one of the boys to sit next to me. When we got to the clear, plant-filled building, I wandered the isles alone, listening as the guide droned on about proper nutrients for plants. It was a particular pair of roses that caught my attention and made me stop. I remember them, the little flowers still imprinted in my memory. They were quite possibly the prettiest things I had ever seen, which meant a lot to me at that time. It was hard, I was nine and my mother had been sent away. I didn't know then, my aunt said she was sick and that she needed help. I didn't ask questions, she made it very clear that asking about my mother, or my father, was something that we didn't do in our household. The roses were a light pink, but had the littlest tint of orange in them that made them appear to be almost golden. I lifted my hand while marveling at the flowers, my head tilted in fascination. My index finger caressed the soft, silky petal. My joy was short-lived, because moments after I touched it, it started to turn brown, withering and dying right before my eyes. Right there, right in front of me, right in front of the very people who had tormented me for the past year and a half. I snatched my hand back, clutching it with the fingers of my left hand, and tried my best not to cry, or scream, or even start hyperventilating. I was panicking. It wasn't me, was it? It couldn't have been me , there was no possible way that could have happened. Plants didn't just die like that, especially ones as pretty as that rose. Looking around, almost timidly, I realized that someone else had seen. At first I was relieved, they would believe me and help me ask my teacher, find out what happened, but my relief turned to dread when I saw their expressions. Disgusted, unhappy, and… smug. There were three of them, three girls, and very much like the three from the movie "Mean Girls" that came out a few years later. The leader was named Jamie, which was actually a pretty awful name. I didn't see why she was popular. She tugged on my teacher's sleeve, pointed at me, and said, quite loudly, "Look! Look what Emilie did!" My expression soon turned scandalized, and I took a step back, uttering some excuse. How plants did that naturally, and all of that. I couldn't ask what happened because then I would have gotten in trouble, but looking back on it, I wish I had asked. It would save me a lot of future trouble. My sophomore year was no better. At sixteen, many things had changed. Personalities, friends, bodies…but not the distaste for me. At least I had some people who liked me, I was considered a bit odd, but certainly not the biggest freak in the school, and that was all I could have asked for. Jamie was one of the most popular girls in the school, but she was also one of the biggest sluts. There is nothing wrong with being a sexualized woman, but there is never a need to sleep with a man just for social purposes. She did just that. Even though