A/N: Yes, ladies and gentlemen, your eyes are not deceiving you. I am writing another story. God, what is wrong with me…? Anyway, since I'm going off to college next week, I figured: 'Meh. Why the hell not?' So, I don't want to make this Author's Note very long ( you guys are probably ignoring it anyway ), all you need to know is that this is kinda - sorta - very - loosely a crossover, but they don't have the category for the other one ( I won't tell you what it is ) and the fine details of the other world ( still not telling… ) will be explained later. The other story ( …okay, it's a manga ) is mostly about this guy whose parents – and years later, his brother – got killed by this mad man who is trying to rule the world by using the protagonist's body which is very compatible with the corrupting power he owns and wouldn't disintegrate like his other vessels. The story is ( awesome! ) mostly centered around Celtic mythology. This fic is Nico-centric. Since it's a time-travel fic ( I love those! ) some of it is just a retelling of what we already know with the scenes involving Nico tweaked here and there. The parts that appear in the PJO and HoO verse will be in the other characters' – mostly Percy's – POV, but the ones that don't are all Nico's POV. Most of the fic's setting is in London ( like the manga ) and Nico's life there. There will be OCs ( some of them are just borrowed characters from the manga ). Lots of 'em. Now, for the pairings. Fair warning, I've been a Percico shipper since before even The Last Olympian came out and I was very happy to find out that it was kinda-canon in House of Hades. But I don't really have any problems with the Solangelo ending either, so this fic could go either way, but I'm leaning more towards Percico. And don't worry guys I already have people in mind for Will and Annabeth to end up with in the end. Trust me, you won't see it coming… Now, most of the time Nico will be OOC which is expected of time-travelling characters. He'll be more mature, a little less unsure of the future of the others, but unlike most time-travelling characters, I made him very, very hesitant to change anything in the past. I got the idea from a discussion I had with my friend and he said that if he returned to the past, he would try to change as little as possible because he feels more reassured with a fixed future he already knew than an altered future he knows nothing about… and, to me, Nico's always seemed like one of the most cautious characters in the PJOverse (when it involves anyone's safety but his own). He'll do anything he can to keep his friends and family safe and happy and changing the timeline seems like it would put that at risk. …Well, so much for keeping the A/N short. Either way, now that you've read all this, the usual rules apply: DON'T LIKE, DON'T READ. If you have a problem with the setting of my fic, you can criticize but don't flame. For the rest of you, enjoy ~ Warnings: Slash, OOC, AU, crossover-ish, spoilers, some gore, typos, un-beta'd, late updates, weird Brittish English & American English combo. Summary: They won the war and diverted the apocalypse only to be wiped out by another unexpected apocalypse. There was no warning, no prophecy, no omens, they were all taken completely by surprise. All except Nico, who couldn't feel surprised over anything anymore, because he was one of the first to die. Well, he was dead… until the personification of Time brought him back to life then, sent him to the past with orders to, "Find the one responsible for the end of the world and stop him." Easier said than done, Chronos. Disclaimer: No. Just, no. xXXx Prologue – his revival Nico groggily opened his eyes and regretted the action almost immediately. It was so bright ! "Urgh!" he groaned as his eyes slowly – painfully – adjusted to the light. He blinked a few times before he remembered… Dead people didn't need to blink. He was dead. Or, well, he was supposed to be. " This is him?" Nico heard someone say in distaste. Then, he felt something hard jab his ribs. "He is a lot… smaller than I expected." "Is he still alive?" a voice softer than the first asked. This time, he felt something thin poke his back gently. "I do not know," the first person spoke again. "It's so difficult to tell with mortals..." Nico felt something – that he was starting to suspect to be a foot – jab his ribs again. "He looks dead, but-" "Chronos, stop kicking him," the second voice cut in sternly. Wait, Kronos! Nico groaned again – louder, this time, and with a heavier dose of exasperation. He thought being dead meant that he wouldn't have to deal with anymore life-related drama. He felt someone – ( Kronos! ) – kick him again. Ow! "Chronos…" "I was just making sure that he was still alive!" Yes, Nico's eyes were open and he was really fighting the urge to close them again and sleep. He sat up, slowly and reluctantly. He felt like he'd shadow travelled around the world a hundred times over while starving and transporting a dozen obese elephants with him. Okay… so that may have been an exaggeration. He only had to travel half-way across the globe and he wasn't exactly starving, just underfed. And instead of twelve fat elephants, he only had to transport himself, a half-goat man, a Reyna, oh and an Athena Parthenos. So, really no one could blame him for passing out afterwards. …No, that's not right. He didn't just pass out. Shadow travelling had always been one of his most taxing abilities. The fact that he had been able to deliver Reyna, Coach Hedge and the entire Athena Parthenos back to camp in once piece was an impressive feat in of itself. To do it while he was still recovering from his trip to Tartarus was nothing short of a gods' damned miracle. He had to use every drop of energy he had left in his sickly body, so naturally at the end of it he would have… "…died," he spoke for the first time in what felt like forever, judging by how dry his throat felt. "I died ," strangely, this revelation didn't surprise him one bit, "after… I shadow travelled and… and, then…" "And then the Seven Half-bloods of the prophecy defeated Gaea and won the war," one of the unknown beings said in a monotone drawl, like the achievement was no big deal. "But, while everyone was busy with Gaea, another powerful baddy was getting busy and killed everyone with an army of monsters while the gods and heroes were occupied with the victory party." "What?" he asked incredulously. He would have shrieked or yelled in disbelief (because seriously WHAT ), but his throat was too sore for that. "That can't b-" he shook his head. "But, Percy and- and Hazel and the others…! The Prophecy of Seven…!"Then, they went through all of that – fought two wars and averted apocalypse after apocalypse – for nothing! They defeated Gaea and her army of Giants only to be killed by another army?! "Mentioned nothing of the other Big Bad," the same person finished. "He caught everyone – Greek and Roman – by surprise." Nico finally looked up and studied his surroundings. He was lying on what appeared to be… a slab of broken cement. Around him, pieces of buildings and cars and trees and everything else you could think of lay scattered in a chaotic mess as far as the eye could see. Strangely, there was no sound. Everything was quiet. Then, he took in the others. One was a small boy with curly brown hair and deep dark eyes. He was very young and he was standing over Nico with his head tilted and his eyes narrowed curiously. He was wearing open toed sandals and a white toga – it was Ancient Greek garb, something Nico had seen many of the gods wear before. The other person was a woman – more like a teen really. She was different from the other in many ways. For one thing, she seemed to be translucent, like much like the spiris Nico spent a lot of his time with. She was wearing – strangely enough – a dark green European dress. It was a very old dress too, like something you'd see people wearing at a Renaissance Fair or during the actual Renaissance. Her hair was long and blonde, left untied to cascade down her back in golden curls. Huh, Nico's never seen any god – Greek or Roman – wear an outfit like that before. With so many questions swimming through his head, he felt like he should ask the first one to properly form in his mind. "Why is this place so quiet?" It was a testament to how greatly confused he was if that was the first question he could properly ask. "Do you have any idea where we are?" the boy – who had kicked Nico earlier and who he was now suspecting to be a younger version of his paternal grandfather, if the name he'd been called was anything to go by – asked in return, completely ignoring Nico's earlier question. Somehow, Nico felt like he really didn't want to know the answer to that question, but he answered the boy-titan-god-whatever anyway. "No," he said as he continued to observe his surroundings. He didn't recognize anything here – which was completely understandable since the only time he'd seen so many destroyed buildings in one place was during the war against Kronos and the Titans. "This is New York," the ghost-like lady answered. "Three years after that… that being launched his first attack." Nico was sure that his heart stopped beating for a second. The blood in his veins grew cold. He had been right. He didn't want to know the answer. He felt like he was going to throw up. It can't be…! If this was New York, then what did the rest of America look like? What happened to Mount Olympus and the gods now that the Empire State Building was gone? What happened to Camp Half-Blood, to Camp Jupiter and all of the campers? What about Hazel and Jason and Annabeth? What happened to them? What happened to Percy? "Where is everyone…?" he asked with heavy dread. He didn't want to know the answer to that question either. The fact that he could not a sense a single Life Aura anywhere was enough to answer that question. This was the result of one god, giant… being … whatever! One being (because they had only mentioned one 'bad guy') had been enough to do this much in just three years! Why didn't anyone do something?! Why did no one stop him?! No, wait… Nico knew why. They said that this happened immediately after the Giant War. The demigods must have been too tired from the battle. And they did say that the gods had been too busy (probably too relieved ) to see the attack coming- "Why didn't anyone see it coming?" he asked out loud. "The first attacked happened in London," the boy answered. "London is," the boy took a moment to glance at their surrounding, "well, was the epicenter of many pantheons at one point in time or another. The Greek and Roman gods weren't the only ones to have influence and power there. The Olympians must have sensed that something was amiss in London, however with the imminent war