AN: Oh god this is gonna be an intense story. I want to disclaimer some things. I do not believe the relationships in this story are healthy or to be emulated. I am not promoting abuse on either end. However, I do think that Fenrir and Bellatrix have an interesting dynamic that I've wanted to explore for years. So here we have it. This story will most likely feature time skips. (Lowkey winging this more than I should) I also am considering getting a beta (I should honestly) so if that happens I'll credit them here. Updates will be sporadic as I have 3 other stories I'm currently writing. Trigger Warnings: Graphic Violence,Blood, Character Death (Side characters only), Toxic Relationships, Domestic Abuse, Smut (Bondage, spanking, possible humiliation kink, rough sex in general) Slight Dub-con attempt, marriage infidelity, Death Eaters killing/torturing others, Mentions of Fenrir eating people, Swearing, Drinking. I don't own Harry Potter. And I shouldn't I would've killed way more people. :^) Bellatrix patted down her curls restlessly. Narcissa, who was sat on the bed eyed her warily fearing her older sister's short temper. "Well, what do you think Cissy?" "You…You look lovely… Are you sure about this?" Narcissa asked for the fifth time that night. "Of course I'm sure!" Bellatrix screeched. Narcissa flinched, "I just… I want you to be careful." "Whose being careful?" Andromeda asked peeking her head in the doorway. Narcissa and Bellatrix both fell silent as they stared back at their sister. "What's going on Bella? I thought we were all going out to celebrate…" Narcissa blinked several times, "Bella's going out… to the Lestranges." "Oh, you're going on a date with Rodolphus?" Andromeda asked cheerfully. Bellatrix scoffed, "No dear sister I'm not. I'm attending a very important... party." Andromeda's brows furrowed together, "What party-" "Let's just say, Andy… I'm meeting a rather important wizard tonight." Andromeda's silver eyes widened. "You… You're meeting-" "The Dark Lord," Bellatrix said proudly. Her eyes twinkled. "Bella you can't!" She crossed her arms,"Why is that sister?" "He's… He's you know who." Bellatrix's nostrils flared, "You speak like a blood traitor Andy. Are you a blood traitor?" She asked through gritted teeth. Andromeda shook her head, her face paling, "Of course not." Andromeda shared a fleeting glance with Narcissa before regaining her composure. Bellatrix sneered at her sisters, "Have I missed something?" "No!" They said simultaneously. Bellatrix ran her tongue over her teeth before she turned back to face the mirror. "Would you like me to braid your hair Bells?" Andromeda asked. "What have I told you about calling me Bells-Fine." Bellatrix agreed, only because her hair was not so easily tamed and she simply didn't have the patience (nor time) for it tonight. Irritably she sat down and beckoned for Andromeda to come closer. "I wish I had your hair Bella," Narcissa murmured longingly pulling on her blonde locks. Bellatrix scoffed, "Says the one with the silky perfect hair." Andromeda smiled at her younger sister as she began weaving Bellatrix's hair. "Your hair is beautiful Cissy." Narcissa flushed red, "Thank you." Bellatrix pursed her lips as Andromeda tied a ribbon around the end of her braid. "She's right Cissy, you got the best genes in this room." Narcissa just smiled as she tucked her hair behind her ear. Andromeda absentmindedly fiddled with Bellatrix's braid,"Bella… Do mom and dad know that-" Bellatrix held up a hand to silence her, "It was our father who arranged this all. Well, Rodolphus as well... of course. He'd do the same for you if you were a better duelist." Bellatrix stood up and made her way to her wardrobe. "I think you should wear your mauve robes," Narcissa suggested. Bellatrix arched a brow and looked to Andromeda to get her opinion. "I think you look lovely in everything…" Andromeda said not meeting her gaze. "But not the mauve?" Andromeda took a deep breath as she fiddled with the family ring on her finger, "Green is more your color." "You're not wrong." Bellatrix agreed as she searched the wardrobe for her forest green dress robes. "Help me into it." "Of course Bella… Bella, promise me you'll be careful tonight." Andromeda murmured. Bellatrix unbuttoned her robes and let them fall in a pool around her feet. Andromeda held her hair to the side as she pulled the forest green robe over her head. "Please, Bella… I heard that you-know-who is very... bad." Narcissa said quietly. "I promise I shall return home to you irritating children tomorrow and we may all go out tomorrow to celebrate my graduation." Narcissa grinned, "Can we get ice cream?" "Yes," Bellatrix said mocking excitement. "Now I must go. Rodolphus is waiting." Bellatrix stood outside Lestrange Manor, her heart pounded loudly. Rodolphus looked down at his betrothed. His piercing blue eyes twinkled at the sight of her. His dark hair was tied back neatly and he was dressed in elegant black dress robes. "Are you ready Bellatrix?" He asked respectfully. Bellatrix was aware that regardless of whether she was ready or not... She had to go in. One did not keep the Dark Lord waiting. "Of course I'm ready. Why wouldn't I be?" Rodolphus didn't respond, he flicked his wand and they stepped forward through the now open gate together. "You look lovely tonight." Bellatrix puffed, "Thanks?" "Am I not allowed to compliment you." She shrugged, "I suppose you may." Rodolphus shook his head, "Most girls enjoy compliments." "Most girls are stupid." Rodolphus shrugged and held out his arm. Bellatrix took it begrudgingly as they made their way into the house. A chill washed over them both. In the darkest corner of the foyer stood the Dark Lord. Bellatrix nearly tripped over her feet but Rodolphus caught her quickly before it was noticed. Other witches and wizards there nodded politely at the couple. A few other graduates would be meeting the Dark Lord tonight. Only those worthy. They approached the Dark Lord and Rodolphus slowed his pace. Bellatrix matched his speed and when Rodolphus kneeled before him Bellatrix did the same. Her mind shouted at her to not mess this up. "My Lord," Rodolphus said bowing his head. Bellatrix mirrored his actions. Voldemort glanced down at both of them. "Who have you brought before me, Lestrange?" Bellatrix stayed quiet until a gentle nudge from Rodolphus encouraged her to speak. "Ms. Bellatrix Black… My Lord." "Please stand Bellatrix," Voldemort said, his voice was barely above a whisper. Slowly Bellatrix got to her feet. Once she had balanced herself, she felt a pressure in her temples as the Dark Lord pushed inside her mind. She held her breath. "Why did you come here tonight Bellatrix?" Bellatrix blinked, "To serve you. I want to stand behind you. To fight for you. I-I believe in your cause. Of riding the world of mudbloods. Of purifying the wizard race." Voldemort didn't respond. He just continued to stare at her blankly. A part of her wanted to squirm under his gaze. She stood tall maintaining eye contact until he beckoned for Rodolphus to stand as well. "You're both dismissed." Rodolphus nodded respectfully and pulled Bellatrix away before she could react. "What did I do wrong?" Bellatrix hissed as Rodolphus led her to the couch. Other witches looked at Rodolphus. Something Bellatrix didn't care to notice. He was handsome, that was quite obvious. But he had a good family name and that was what mattered. "Nothing. Absolutely nothing. If you had you'd know." Rodolphus assured her. "But he-" "Trust me, Bella," Rodolphus said pressing a kiss to her hand. "Alright." Bellatrix pulled her hand away. "Rodolphus... we're in public." "Very well. I'll get us some wine." Rodolphus offered as he stood up. "You know what I like," Bellatrix said and he nodded before he walked to the kitchen. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She had done it. She had met the Dark Lord. Others were currently being introduced as well. Some of whom were friends but she did not have the patience nor desire to socialize. The couch shift underneath her as someone took their seat beside her. She sighed irritably. Anyone who knew her would've known this was a stupid move. One did not simply sit next to her as if they were friends. "Well, that was quite pathetic." Bellatrix opened her eyes and sneered at the man (if you could call him that) next to her. He was dressed in tattered muggle clothing. His deep golden eyes glinted as he stared intensely down at her. Unruly mocha colored hair fell to his shoulders. Smirking he leaned in. "And what are you?" She sneered. "Feisty one I see, Fenrir-" She cut him off at once,"Greyback- yeah I've heard of you. Filthy little half-breed." "My reputation proceeds me. How delightful." He drawled as he cracked his neck. Grimacing she moved farther towards the edge of the couch Fenrir looked over Bellatrix with a bored expression, "Why are you here little girl?" "Little girl," Bellatrix repeated. Her shrill voice filling the room. She reached into her pocket and wrapped her fingers around her wand. Fenrir smirked, "Well little girl?" Bellatrix pulled her wand out and pressed the tip of it to Fenrir's throat. "Do not call me little girl." "What shall I call you then." "You shouldn't even be speaking to me, half-breed." She spat. Fenrir shrugged as he reached up to pick out something that had gotten caught between his teeth. He examined it and then flicked it to the floor. "Whatever you say, little girl," Fenrir grunted getting to his feet. Bellatrix sneered at him. "You will respect me!" Fenrir cocked his head to the side, "Are you always this mad?" "Mad-" Bellatrix started then hesitated. All eyes had turned to them. Everyone held their breath as they watched the encounter. Carefully she tried to think of what to do next. Making a bad first impression was not an option. A voice scarcely above a whisper carried through the room, "Never hesitate Bella." Her throat felt dry as she turned to face Voldemort. "You heard him, little girl, " Fenrir looked amused. Bellatrix swallowed and got to her feet. Fenrir took a step closer. He towered over her small frame. She barely reached his chest. She repositioned her wand so it was poking him in the stomach. Rodolphus came up next her quickly after seeing what was going on, "Is there a problem halfbreed?" Fenrir smirked, "Problem? Do we have a problem, little girl? Forgive me I wasn't aware." Rodolphus moved to stand in between them, "You need to learn respect dog" "I got it." Bellatrix snapped. Rodolphus took a step back and Fenrir chuckled. "I'm waiting, little girl. Or should I call you a big girl? Don't even need your lover to protect you." Rodolphus narrowed his eyes, "Watch yourself." She flicked her wand there was a flash of light before Fenrir went flying across the room. He crashed into the coffee table, it shattered under the impact. "That all you got little girl?" Fenrir taunted as he got to his feet. Blood dripped down the side of his face. Bellatrix hit him with another stunning spell and knocked him on his backside. He snarled. "You little-" Bellatrix stunned him once more, he fell back and smacked his head against the floor. Growling, he got to his feet once more. A hand on Bellatrix's shoulder made her jump, she turned around snarling, "Rodo- My Lord! I-" Voldemort's red eyes glinted, "Rodolphus was right about you Bella, you'll do well." Bellatrix gaped at him, "T-thank you." "I may need you to do something for me. I'll send you tomorrow with… Rabastan… and Greyback." Fenrir grunted in the background. "Looking forward to it." Bellatrix bit her lip and nodded courteously. Voldemort looked over at Rodolphus who was most displeased by not being able to accompany her. He stepped forward hesitantly, "My Lord I-" "Rodolphus I already have plans for you…" Voldemort murmured. "Yes my Lord."