Trigger Warnings: This story will include, self-harm, physical, emotional and sexual abuse/assault, dub-con, ooc Draco, mental illness, bullying of precious Neville and *gasp* gay people. Also the standard Black Family marriage traditions Also if you're a Draco fan… you may be offended in later chapters. Walburga sat peacefully in her drawing room listening to music play from the radio to fill the silence of her house. It had just been a week since the passing of her spouse and months since the death of her beloved son. Her house felt barren and bleak. She regretted in that moment she hadn't decided to have more children when she was young. Perhaps she'd have someone besides that blasted house elf to keep her company. A knock on the door tore Walburga away from her thoughts. She got up swiftly and after checking her appearance in the mirror she went to open the front door. She was taken aback to see Luella Fawley standing there, Regulus' girlfriend. The girl he was deemed to marry as the Fawley family stood proudly under the Sacred Twenty-Eight. She was dimwitted but the family name was strong. Walburga glanced down at her swollen stomach. "Mrs. Black, it's lovely to see you," Luella breathed graciously. Walburga nodded at her politely and motioned for her to come inside. Luella was a captivating girl, ideal for Regulus… or she would have been. Her wavy chestnut hair and ivory skin making her look like a porcelain doll that had come to life. Eyes such a delicate hue of blue like sapphire that they seemed nearly fake. "It's been some time," Walburga said quietly. She ordered to Kreacher to bring some chamomile tea as the pair of women sat in the drawing room. "Yes, I haven't seen you since… since the memorial service." "I trust you've been well." "Mrs. Black, I'm not here to beat around the bush. You can see I'm pregnant." "Why yes, I can. May I ask how this concerns me?" Luella took a deep breath, "Well… On the night of graduation me and Regulus-" "I don't need the details." Luella flushed red nodding quickly. She fidgeted with the ring on her finger. It dawned on Walburga why she was here and why she was mentioning Regulus. "Are you telling me you're pregnant with my deceased son's child?" "Children actually. I thought you ought to know." Luella smiled warmly but Walburga stared her down; Luella shrunk under her gaze. "Speak properly. Ought is not a word." "I'm sorry Mrs. Black." Luella apologized quickly wringing her hands. Walburga gazed at her with distaste as Kreacher came in with tea. Luella thanked him politely. "For the love of Merlin call me Walburga." Walburga didn't sip her tea. She merely held the glass teacup in her hand. "Walburga, I just thought you deserved to know before they were born and go to live with their new family." Walburga's grip on her teacup tightened and the glass shattered in her hands. "What are you talking about girl?" "I've put them up for adoption," Luella explained anxiously and Walburga clenched her hands into fists. The glass pierced her skin. "You put children of the House of Black up for adoption. Children of the purest family-" Luella interrupted her quickly, fearing Walburga's anger, "Walburga I can't handle a child on my own. Let alone two. Not without Regulus. My family doesn't even know." "You will not." Walburga's voice was low and dangerous. Luella placed her hands on her stomach protectively. Luella responded in a weak voice, "Walburga that isn't your choice." "You will release the children to my care," Walburga demanded. Luella swallowed, struggling to find her voice. "I've already promised them to a family." "Well they will be disappointed I presume." Walburga mocked Luella as she stammered. "But- they can't-it wouldn't be fair-" "Stop stuttering you insolent child." "I'm sorry ma'am." Luella bowed her head as she put down her tea. Walburga pulled her wand from her sleeve, admiring the family heirloom. Luella eyed the wand timidly. Walburga leered at her fiercely. "Of course you are." Walburga pointed the wand casually at Luella who swallowed the growing lump in her throat. Fidgeting under Walburga's gaze Luella forced herself to sit up straighter rubbing her stomach soothingly. "Will all due respect Walburga, do you really think you could raise these children." "I have raised two before if you were aware." Walburga's gaze averted to the family portrait that hung on the wall beside her. "I'm sorry. I just meant with Orion gone-" "I'm not asking. I'm telling you. Release the children to my custody and they will want for nothing." "B-but…" Luella stammered, she contemplated running out but knew Walburga would catch her. "Do I not make myself clear? When shall the children be born?" "Any day ma'am… The family is so excited they-" "I will not repeat myself again." Feeling helpless Luella nodded in agreement. She realized everything Regulus had said about his mother was not anything compared to this. "Okay, Walburga." "Lovely, now we have one final order of business." Walburga stood up and held out her hand to Luella who took it apprehensively. "I trust you know what the unbreakable vow is." "Ma'am- I hardly think-" "Don't think. My dear niece will come over, I know she would be more than willing to perform the spell." Bellatrix arrived at Black Manor promptly entering the house noiselessly. She greeted her aunt respectfully but sneered at Luella. "Why did you have Kreacher send for me?" "Luella here is carrying Regulus' children." This took Bellatrix by surprise and she turned expectantly to Luella, seeming to notice her swollen stomach for the first time. "Lovely." "She also intended to abandon her children," Walburga spoke dangerously low. Bellatrix stalked towards Luella grabbing her by the collar. "I d-didn't." "Children of the house of black," Bellatrix repeated. Luella stepped back and Bellatrix pulled her closer. "Me and Rod-" "No no no." Walburga interrupted smoothly, "I will take them. I just want to confirm Luella will not back out of our deal." "Walburga, Bellatrix, I- you have to understand I've promised her to a family already. They're so excited I-" "I could… take care of the family." Bellatrix said half laughing. Luella's face drained off all color. "I do not think that will be necessary Bella. I just need a promise from Luella… a simple vow." Bellatrix caught on right away grinning at a terrified Luella. Luella looked ready to argue when Bellatrix spoke again. "If you have an objection to the vow we could just rip the babies out of you now. You look far enough along." "I'll make the vow." Walburga held out her hand and knelt down, terrified for her life Luella did the same and clasped unto Walburga's hand. "Luella Fawley, do you swear to release the children into Walburga's custody on the day of their birth?" "I do." "Do you swear to not interfere in the children's life whatsoever?" Luella hesitated but Bellatrix stared her down. "I do." "Do you swear to stay away from the children." "I-I do." Bellatrix gave a pleased smile and Walburga nodded at her, urging her to continue. Luella left the house sobbing as she clutched to her stomach. She quickly disguised it to be flat as she summoned the knight bus. Walburga watched from the window as Luella left on the bus before turning to Kreacher. "There shall be two new children in the house Kreacher. You are to clean up the spare bedroom." Kreacher popped away happily as he got to work. Bellatrix scoffed at the pathetic house elf before turning to grin at her aunt. "Quite strange to think Regulus would've had children," Bellatrix said airily. Walburga nodded in agreement as she paced the drawing room. "I highly doubt she'll keep up her end of the vow." Walburga smiled dangerously, "I'm hoping she will not." Three weeks later a Patronus was sent to Black Manor alerting Walburga that Luella was at St. Mungo's and that she had gone into labor. Walburga apparated to the hospital and greeted the woman at the front desk harshly. "Luella Fawley. What room?" After terrifying the poor woman Walburga entered Luella's hospital room with a smirk. Luella turned to face Walburga a terrified expression on her sweat covered face. "I remember being here with Regulus," Walburga said airily taking a seat next to the bed. "Do your parents know you're here?" "N-no, of course not." "I do hope the children do not inherit your awful speech." "Walburga- could you wait outside?" The nurse asked earning a sneer. "Of course. But if you ever call me Walburga again…" It had been nine hours of waiting, cursing from inside the hospital room and impatient pacing from Walburga. Over the past three weeks, Walburga prepared for the arrival of the children. Kreacher was delighted to have any children of Regulus' in the home. "Ma'am you may come in now." The nurse said politely and Walburga said nothing as she walked past the woman and looked at the babies laid in the crib beside the hospital bed. One screaming like a mandrake and the other just lay there staring up at Walburga curiously. "May I take them now?" Walburga asked irritably. The nurse cast a confused glance to Luella who blinked several times. "I-I haven't gotten around to telling the family Walburga- they still think that she's theirs." "Haven't gotten around to it." Walburga mocked and Luella choked back tears. Walburga walked towards the bed and leaned down to whisper in Luella's ear, "What's the name of the family." "T-the McKinnons'." Luella choked out, tears threatening to spill. Walburga simply smiled as she stood up straighter. "I'll let Bella know." She walked towards that baby that had yet to scream, it just gawked at her in wonder. It was a particularly small baby with Regulus' gray eyes. It was bald and showed no hints of what hair color it would one day have. The baby next to him was screaming loudly and Walburga cast a silencing charm. "Are you saying Luella, that you are not releasing the children to my custody?" "Y-yes," Luella said boldly and Walburga chuckled as Luella's face turned blue and she began gagging, desperately clawing at her neck. "My dear, I thought you knew what an unbreakable vow was." The nurse shouted for healers and rushed to try and aid Luella. The nurse turned to Walburga and began shouting that it had been her fault. Walburga simply smiled, "She made the unbreakable vow." The aurors desperately tried to prove that Walburga was to blame but she easily talked her way out of it. The Fawley family was beyond embarrassed of the whole situation when Walburga explained it to them. They knew as everyone else not to have the Black Family as an enemy. Three days later Walburga was allowed to take home her grandchildren. The boy named Pollux Regulus Black and the girl Meissa Elledora Black. Meissa and Pollux grew up spoiled awfully and shared their grandmothers view on anyone less them than. They only associated with the highest of purebloods and were far better children in Walburga's eyes than Sirius and even Regulus had ever been. "Meissa!" Walburga called impatiently as she brushed back Pollux's hair tying it tightly in a bun at the nape of his neck. Pollux was an exact replica of Regulus in nearly every way. The same eyes, hair, and temperament. He was ambitious, clever and charismatic. "Grandmother! That hurts." Pollux grumbled rubbing his scalp. Walburga ignored him shouting for Meissa again. There was a crash from upstairs followed by footsteps running down the hall. "She's not very graceful," Pollux commented and Walburga rolled her eyes as she dismissed Pollux to fetch his cloak. Meissa ran down the stairs her long dark chestnut tresses flying behind her sloppily. "I'm ready." Meissa grinned and Walburga narrowed her eyes at her granddaughter's hair. Walburga pushed Meissa down in