Here's a little one shot that came to me last night. Big thanks to darnedchild for bating this for me. She is wonderful! I offer no explanation as to how Severus survived, no time really. But he did, obviously. I own nothing. Enjoy ~Lil~ "Professor," Hermione said, pulling Snape's attention from what appeared to be an account's ledger. "Miss Granger. What can I help you with today?" he asked, placing his quill on the counter next to the book and giving her his undivided attention. Being under the Dark wizard's scrutiny was more than intimidating, even after the hundreds of conversations they'd had in the six years since the end of the Second Wizarding War. "I have, ah… come in search of advice," she explained, trying her best to sound hopeful and not at all terrified. Moving from around the counter, he folded his arms over his chest, making himself even more imposing, and asked, "And would this be a potion or ingredient of which you inquire?" "N-neither," she stuttered and took a step forward, internally praising herself for her bravery. "It is of a personal nature, sir." He narrowed his eyes. "I'm sure there are better people that you could turn to for advice, Miss Granger…" He looked at her questioningly then added, "It is still Granger, isn't it? Or have I missed a happy announcement?" Hermione looked down at the floor of the apothecary then back up at her former Potions Professor. "For now it's… Granger, sir." He started to walk away, back towards the counter. "Well, then, if you need advice on your upcoming union, your former Head of House might be more appropriate…" "Not for this, I'm afraid." She drew a fortifying breath and took one more step forward. "Do you have regrets, Professor?" Stopping in his tracks, though not turning around he said, "I'm sorry?" "About your past." He faced her. Hermione noticed his hands were drawn into fists at his sides. But she continued, "Decisions… or indecision, perhaps. I-I'm not speaking of the things you've done. This isn't about Riddle or Dumbledore. I'm not referring to the war." His face grew stormy for the first time since she entered his shop. "Then what exactly are you getting at with your impertinent line of questioning?" She had to stay strong, this was far too important. "If you had it all to do over again, would you tell her?" Hermione watched as his breath caught; his skin seemed to pale right in front of her. She'd never seen the stoic man taken by surprise before. It was quite a feat. She feared that he wasn't going to answer, so she rushed ahead. "I'm not trying to pry, but you see… I have a decision to make, sir, and I'm afraid that I'm about to make the biggest mistake of my life." Their attention was called to the door when the jingle of the entry bell alerted them to a new customer. Hermione busied herself with a bottle of joint supplement. Snape rushed to the front of the stoor. "I'm sorry, we're closed," he said as he guided the wizard back outside. "But the sign…" Hermione heard the customer protest. "It's faulty," Snape insisted before shutting, locking and warding the door. He turned to her, his back up against the wall. "Miss Granger, as I said before, I do not believe that I'm the correct person to offer aid to you in this situation. Perhaps Minerva…" "I've thought long and hard about this, Professor, and you are the only one who I can speak to. You see, the reason I hesitate is that my heart belongs elsewhere. I do love Ronald. But I fear that I will always love him second best." She gathered her courage for the next part of her statement, for it was the most telling. Looking down at her hands she continued, "And the wizard with whom my heart lies loves someone else. I'd be his second place love, just like Ron would be mine. That is if he could even care for me at all." She looked up, hoping that the tears were not evident in her eyes. She could not bear to show weakness in front of this man. "What should I do?" "He… he is not aware of you affection?" Hermione shook her head to the negative. "And you are certain of his love for this other witch?" "I am." "Are they together?" "No." He looked confused as if he had figured out who her wizard was. No doubt he thought she was referring to Harry. She had no intention of telling him outright, but she would not lie. As if she would come to Severus Snape for advice on how to woo Harry Potter. "So there is a chance." He took a step forward. "He may return your feelings." She couldn't believe he was actually indulging her and not turning her away, with a snide comment and possibly a hex. The years had taught her that he was indeed a changed man, this conversation showed her just how much. "Very little chance, sir. His love is deep. Abiding." "Are you happy with Mr. Weasley?" he asked. "Ronald tries. We have little in common other than history and mutual respect. As I said, I do love him. But…" "It's not the love of which you thought to build a marriage?" "I'm not being romantic." She stepped away to admire a beautiful cobalt blue bottle. It would have looked lovely on her vanity. "I know that not all marriages are filled with passion and fireworks. But I had hoped for a little more." "And this other wizard, he is the stuff of fireworks?" She turned, a smile brightening her face. "He is brilliant. Dedicated. A fire burns just under the surface of his well-built facade... " She was giving away too much. "He doesn't know I exist." "Everyone knows you, Miss Granger, you are one of the most famous figures in our world." "I am not someone with whom he'd give a second thought. He's never...He knows me, of course, but doesn't care to know more of me." "Then how could you possibly be in love with him?" "Oh, Professor… how could I not?" Tears were about to fall, she had to move the conversation on to the resolution or else she was sure to fail. "If you had told her," She paused, knowing she was causing him pain and hating herself for it. "Would it have made a difference?" Snape sneered, a hint of the old callused professor showing through. "Are you afraid that in keeping this to yourself that you might start another war, Miss Granger?" Did he really think himself the cause of everything? This man, this poor tormented man… "No, sir. I'm afraid of losing the love of my life and ruining Ron's only chance at happiness." "Two hearts on the line. And, of course, what of the other wizard's? Perhaps this information would be a burden." He stepped toward the counter, a thoughtful look on his face, before turning to her once again. "Then again, perhaps it would be his chance at some kind of freedom from what sounds like a hopeless love." "I could dare to dream." "But could you live with being his second choice?" "As Ron would be mine." "But Mr. Weasley would be blessed with ignorance, whereas you would have the full knowledge of your lover's heart." She smiled sadly. "Indeed. You see my dilemma." Stepping closer to Hermione, Snape gave her a sympathetic nod. "I do not envy you, Miss Granger." "If you had it to do over again, sir, would you tell her? Would you at least give her the choice?" "You know what they say about hindsight…" "But not knowing who she would choose?" "But I do." "No, you don't. You didn't give her the choice." "I've made so many mistakes," he whispered, almost to no one. "But if you could correct them?" Snape looked across his shop, staring at nothing in particular for several minutes before answering. He didn't look back at Hermione at first. "I would tell her. Would have told her, if I'd had more courage. If I'd had been a better man. She would have rejected me anyway, but she would have died knowing... or perhaps she would not have died at all, but at least she would have known that I love her." He turned his head and Hermione saw the cost of his words. The gift of his confession. She made up her mind. "I cannot tell you how much I appreciate this, sir. And please believe me when I say that you will always have my confidence. I won't tell a soul." She started walking to the door. When she turned the handle, it resisted. "When is your wedding, Miss Granger?" Looking up, she saw that Snape had moved and was now standing next to her unlocking the door and removing the wards. "In two weeks time." "I wish you all the luck in the world," he said then walked to the back of the shop. Two days later, Severus Snape stood in his shop reading a missive from his former student and hardly believing a word on the parchment. Professor Snape, It seems odd for me to address this letter as such considering what I must tell you. First of all, I must, once again, thank you for speaking so candidly to me, especially considering the personal nature of our discussion. I have decided to take your advice and confess my feelings to the wizard in question. I am in love with you. Many apologies for doing so in a letter, but Gryffindor courage only goes so far. I must say, I am still in turmoil as to what to do about my upcoming wedding. I love two men, two very different men, for two very different reasons, in two very different ways. Ron offers me certainty and guaranteed affection. I am not conflicted about his feeling toward me. He tells me every day. He is kind and gentle. He is simple. Easy. We do fight, of course, but in the end, he always gives in to me. It's almost as if he's still in awe of our relationship, all these years later. My childhood friend turned lover. Any girl would dream of such a life. But I am not any girl. And then there's you. You, in most likelihood, do not and could never love me, especially as I love you. It happened so slowly and in such an unexpected way that by the time I realised where my heart had wandered off to, I had no hope of coaxing it back. It happened in the long conversations and disagreements. It happened whilst watching you slowly change after the war and seeing just how much of yourself you had sacrificed to save us all. I do not look at you as some kind of hero, though you are one. But rather the brave man who played your role beautifully. You are not easy or simple. We have argued many times through the years at Order meetings (it almost came to drawing wands on more than one occasion). With you, I feel safe, like I wouldn't have to be in charge of someone for once in my adult life. Your presence, your authority is not only reassuring but, if I'm being honest, it's incredibly attractive. You and I are so much more equals than Ron and I would ever be. Just writing that down feels like a betrayal. He's not an idiot (or dunderhead, to use your word), but he is not a thinker. Not a seeker of knowledge. You treat the acquisition of information like a privilege, as do I. I've always admired that. Where Ronald does his best to please me, I feel like you would expect me to better myself. Where he would give me the world, you