The morning light filtered through the tall crystal windows, washing through the open balcony and falling on his face like a treacherous dagger. Letting out a displeased groan, the Elvenking rolled onto his right side, burying his face in the silken feathered pillows, thankful for his long curtain of hair he could now use as a shield. The soft chirping of birds echoed from the balcony, humming a sweet melody to the waking forest. And for the first time in his life he wanted to strangle them, not wanting to be reminded that he needed to get up if he intended to make it in time for his council meeting that morning. "Meleth?" Alarya stirred next to him, drawing a smile from his face. He could feel the soft covers shifting as she slid closer to him, one of his arms draping around her almost automatically. "It is time to wake up." She reminded him in that sweet voice that made the song of the birds sound pathetic. He groaned again, one of her gentle hands brushing away his curtain of silvery hair, only managing to make him bury his face further in the pillows as if to shield his eyes from the blinding daylight. Who had opened the curtains? A light laugh, like silver bells ringing in the wind, echoed at his side, feeling Alarya's lips pressing a quick kiss on his now exposed cheek. "You need to get up, Thranduil." "Mm." He heard himself say instead of what he had attempted to be a 'no', once again eliciting a round of refreshing giggles from his wife. How was she even awake this early? Well, it was not really early- in fact it was later than the hour he normally woke. He was usually the one to wake up first, always at the first light of morning. Valar, he was exhausted, every single one of his limbs feeling overly heavy, even moving them seeming to require immense effort. It had been a long week- an unusually long one. And as if to make matters worse for him, Doronor had once decided to schedule more meetings in his afternoons than he had the energy to attend. And still, as if that was not already draining enough, Elrond and Celebrian had arrived in his Palace only two days ago, meaning that his meals had extended into exaggeratedly long receiving banquets and entertainments. But it seemed that the Valar seemed intent in killing him, for on top of all of that, Elrond's identical little terrors were in the Palace as well, and now seemed to be inseparable from Tadion. As if Tadion by himself was not already hard enough to handle! "Thranduil." Alarya tried again, her musical voice always soft, almost a whisper, sounding slightly guilty at having to wake him. He knew she did not want to wake him, and yet he also knew that he needed to get up. He rolled again, detaching himself from her, his body and mind demanding him to rest if only just a little but longer. He heard her sigh, the mattress dipping and shifting as she sat up against the ornate headboard. Groaning again- and cursing inwardly at the singing birds who seemed too happy that it was already morning- he followed her example, begrudgingly rising to sit on the soft bed. One of his hands rubbed the sleep from his eyes as he attempted – very badly- to stifle a yawn. "Good morning." Alarya greeted him with that perfect smile that made the sun look dull in comparison, her body nestling perfectly against his side. One of his arms once again wrapped around her small frame immediately, pulling her closer to him. "Mm." He managed again, even though it should have been 'good morning to you too." Thankfully he knew Alarya had understood him through their bond, letting out another soft chuckle before her large emerald eyes turned up to study him. "Why do you not cancel the meeting this morning? Sleep until the afternoon?" She suggested, fingers pulling a strand of his silvery hair behind his pointy ear. Ice blue eyes turned down to look at her, looking at her every feature, at how her long silken hair fell in waves of gold over her shoulders and down her back, the pale light of the morning kissing her white skin which glowed as beautiful as ever underneath her nightdress. "I cannot." It was his turn to chuckle, leaning in to place his lips to the top of her head. He had to admit the idea sounded tempting, but then again Elrond had traveled from Imladris for this particular meeting they were having that morning. Sighing lowly in resignation, the King of Mirkwood pushed the comfortable wine red overs aside, swinging his legs to the side of the bed. The large bedchamber welcomed the morning light around him, the wine colored curtains already neatly pulled open to the sides of the ceiling high crystals, and he already knew that breakfast would be waiting for them in the sitting room outside their bedchambers. Slowly he rose from the bed, the polished marble stone feeling cold against his feet as he started his march to where his night robe waited for him draped over a chair. An unexpected pain erupted in the sole of his right foot at his next step, and he let out a gasped curse at the sudden piercing agony, hoping onto his left foot. "What is it?" Alarya asked instantly, alarmed eyes flying in his direction as she too rose from the bed. His eyes traveled down, searching for the cause of the excruciating pain. Of course. He closed his eyes, reminding himself to breathe deeply before opening them again. He would not lose his patience. He would not lose it. " Your son it was what it is." He muttered, seething blue eyes glaring fiercely at the wooden toy warrior lying sideways on his floor, his tiny sword now bent broken from where he had stepped over it. And there was not only one warrior. Oh no. There was an entire army scattered over his floor, covering all the way from his bed to the large pairs of heavenly crafted doors. Never before had those little cute toys seemed so menacing, their tiny bows and swords and knives looking threateningly up at him in defiance, daring him to take another step. " You need to speak with him again. Remind him that his toys should be in his chambers and in their proper places, not scattered all around the Palace." Alarya's arms crossed over her chest as those forest green eyes that could brighten even his sourest of moods looked at the little wooden figures with a strange combination of amusement and exasperation. " I need to speak to him?" He arched an eyebrow at her, awkwardly, and very un-kingly, half-limping half-hoping towards the nearest chair by the round table to a corner of the large chamber. He was sure that tiny cursed wooden sword had pierced his skin, leaving at least one if not more splinters. Alarya was by his side in a second, taking the seat next to him as her deep green eyes glanced at him worriedly. "How bad is it?" Now sitting down, he was finally able to look at the wound on the sole of his right foot, only to find that the toy had indeed pierced the skin, but, thank Eru, there were no splinters left inside the small cut. "I will survive it." He told her, watching her shake her head as she threw him what tried to be a glare but failing miserably. "Should I call for a healer?" That was Alarya, always concerned for him- that was whenever she was not arguing with him. He shook his head no, letting his hand reach for hers over the table, fingers lacing with hers in a perfect fit. He loved her more than she could even begin to imagine. The sound of little feet pattering into the large antechamber pulled him out from his thoughts, his eyes darting towards the large pairs of doors. But something was not right. No. There were one, two, three pairs of little feet rushing through the large antechamber. He had one second to prepare himself before the door of the bedchamber was suddenly pushed open. The little elflings could barely reach the golden doorknob, having to stretch their short arms –because for some reason they decided to open the door all three of them- high over their heads to turn it, nearly hanging from it. Bright blue irises met his, clearer than the morning outside, so large and innocent and full of such warmth that immediately made him forget any pain he might still be feeling in his foot. "Ada!" The golden haired elfling cried loudly before slamming against his knees, grabbing at his father's silver night robe in order to climb onto his lap. And he immediately complied, unable to keep a wide smile from forming on his lips as his arms carefully picked up the child and nestled him close to his body. "Good morning, King Thranduil." Two identical little faces smiled in his direction, large silver eyes looking at him only for a split second before rushing past where he sat and deeper into the bedchamber, completely unbothered and unconcerned that they should not be in the King's chambers. And yet, he did not mind it, enjoying that his son finally had elflings his age to play with. "Good Morning, Tadion, Elladan, Elrohir." He greeted, the child on his lap fidgeting and jumping, too energetic to sit still, and he once again wondered from where did his youngest son get this amount of unending stamina. He himself was still struggling to remain awake! Shaking his head slightly, the King let his eyes travel to were the twin sons of Elrond were currently rushing farther inside the room, towards where the little wooden warrior lay over the polished marble floor. To be honest, he could not really tell which twin was which, the two dark haired elflings looking exactly the same, a devilish mischievous gleam always concealed in those angelic silver eyes, always full of wonder and excitement, shining bright in those adorable soft faces. They looked exactly like their father. "Hi, Nana!" His little son chirped, standing precariously on his lap and jumping onto his mother's – nearly giving him a fright as his arms immediately made sure the child would not fall and harm himself. "Here they are! We could not find them!" One of the twins – he could not tell which- exclaimed, bouncing merrily on his spot on the floor and running to gather as many wooden solders as he could in his little thin arms, his exact replica following behind. Elladan and Elrohir: the walking, well no running , hurricanes that along with son were now slowly destroying his Palace. They moved in perfect coordination, a thing that had always amused him, finding it both strange and fascinating how the young twins seemed to always know exactly where the other was and seemed even able to predict each other's moves. And yet, neither of the three elflings seemed one bit concerned that the toys were not where they should be. There was not a single chamber they entered that was not left in a complete mess. His poor servants and maids would surely leave the realm if they had to continue cleaning after whatever it was those three little seemingly innocent and harmless elfings left behind. He had already needed to apologize to Galion more times than he ever had in his life at the unending pranks the three children had managed to pull on the butler in only two days. And not that he had not tried speaking with the elflings about it. Oh, he had tried. Alarya had tried. Elrond had tried. He had already scolded Tadion and