The muffled chatter of a thousand elves filled his halls with a gentle soothing melody, merging with the swirling waltz from the harps and flutes. Nearly every single elf in his realm joined the celebration, as they did every Winter's Solstice, all of them dressed in their finest robes of rich fabrics and rich colors. Ladies dripped jewels from their heads and nearly to their toes, incrusted in their elaborately braided hair and sewn into their dresses which seemed to float about them as they danced. Emeralds, sapphires, rubies, pearls and opals all sparkled throughout the majestic rooms in a splendorous dance, and it seemed that every single family was waiting for a turn to approach him and his children in greeting. Millions of golden flowers, the winter flower of Mirkwood, hung from the ceiling high above his head, a canopy of gold like a winter sun, shimmering in a thousand reflections at the many bright candles. Everything had been meticulously arranged to perfection. Same as it had been the year before. And the one before that. But no matter the decorations, the jewels, the exquisite food that had been served on silver plates and cut crystal glasses, this year was not the same. This year, unlike many countless previous years, the smile on his face was real. He had gotten used to it. Used to smiling politely at his guests, engaging easily in conversation and sometimes even pretending to be listening to someone when in truth he could not get himself to concentrate on what was being said. Not that he had not really smiled in previous Witner's Solstices. His smiles had always been real, always reaching his eyes and warming his holed heart when the time came to exchange gifts, watching the bright eyes and smiling faces of his children around him. But this year he did not have four children. This year, he had five. The sole though of that made the smile on his face widen slightly, as he nodded his head at whatever it was Doronor was saying to him to his right. His closest friend had not stopped talking, and the King of Mirkwood would have guessed that by now, his advisor would have noticed that nobody was no longer listening to his tale. "Your Majesty" A voice from his left made him return from his wondering thoughts, elegantly turning his head to meet the speaker, already knowing it would be another elf or family that sought to greet him in person, as was customarily done through the celebration. A tall elf with long hair the color of soft ashes was standing to his left, rich formal robes of a deep burgundy embroidered in silver and golden thread and brushing the floor at his feet as he moved. A beautiful Lady stood to his side, slightly behind, her dress a lovely shade of dark violet that cascaded down her figure. Pearls adorned her deep ebony braids, like pure white stars in a blackened sky, perfectly framing the delicate features of her porcelain face. "Lord Laeronor, Lady Celairil." He greeted in return with a graceful nod of the head, recognizing the elves immediately as they bowed respectfully. His ice blue eyes did not miss the young elleth standing behind her mother, also bowing in greeting, sporting that same head of sweet ashen hair as her father. "It is a pleasure to welcome you back in the realm, and to see you enjoying the celebration." He recited his pleasantries as elegantly as he always did, the ghost of a smirk curving in his lips as he studied the partially hiding young elleth. She was beautiful, there was no denying it. The perfectly angled features of her face, though sharp and refined carried a certain softness that was difficult to overlook, hazel eyes like two large ponds of warm honey. Her dress was a dream of blue, paler at the top and gradually turning darker as it reached her feet in floating vaporous waves, sapphires expertly sewn into the embroidery and interwoven in her long hair. "And may I as who is this Lady I do not recall?" "Allow me to introduce my niece, Your Majesty, Lady Indilene." Lord Laeronor spoke, motioning with a hand for the young elleth to approach him, a proud smile on the Lord's lips, one that belonged more to a father than to an uncle. "Ah, yes." He easily feigned recognition, very well aware of just who this lady was, but he was not supposed to know as much as he did yet. Still he took his time to carefully scrutinize the Lady. "Last time I saw you, you were barely this tall." He motioned with a hand what would be an elfling's height, easily recalling her running behind Legolas outside in the gardens. The elleth simply smiled at him politely without a word, an adorable combination of embarrassment and nerves visible in her deep hazel eyes. He decided he would not torture her yet, not tonight. Tonight he would pretend that he did not know that it was not him but his eldest son the royal this Lady longed to greet. Just as he would pretend he could not feel Arahaelon's eyes nervously watching the exchange from his spot at the long high table. "We simply wished to thank you for such a joyful feast, My Lord, and to wish you and your family a merry Winter's Solstice." Lord Laeronor continued politely, nodding his head respectfully once more, to which he expertly smiled in return- just as he had done to all the previous well-wishes. "Thank you, Lord Laeronor, the same goes to you." He replied almost immediately, knowing the words he had repeated the entire night by heart. The ashen haired Lord merely nodded his head once more, giving him a slight bow before he and his family continued making their way through the tables and joining in the many conversations and dancing elves. He took a second to glance along the elegant high table upon which he sat- his table- using the few minutes he knew he had before another family made his way to him. His ice blue eyes easily landed on his eldest son, just as a passing servant refilled his nearly emptying goblet. Arahaelon was no longer looking in his direction, the back of his silvery head to him as he said something lowly to Lossenel, his daughter smiling in a way that told him that whatever she was hearing was some sort of gossip she was thoroughly enjoying. He was barely aware of his lips curving up in a faint smile at the mere sight of his children, as if his body suddenly remembered how to smile only when they were in sight. Lossenel looked stunning, just as she always did. How many compliments had he received in favor for his daughter he could not even recall, and yet he knew that to no pair of eyes she looked more beautiful than to his. She had opted for sapphires on her hair tonight, waving with her silver formal diadem, like drops of ocean over her platinum head, the color of snow and starlight. He was aware there was already a line forming of every ellon that wanted a dance with her for the night, and he already wanted to murder every single one of them, wanting to throw into the deepest and darkest of his cellars every ellon who so much dared touch his delicate Princess of snow and starlight. She looked like his naneth, a thing he had always found oddly amusing. He did not remember her much, but he did remember those same locks of platinum hair and snowy skin. Lossenel laughed again at whatever it was Arahalon was telling her, the bright mirth in her icy blue-green eyes- eyes that he could pin point from whom she had inherited for he said it was his blue and Alarya had said it was her green- sparkling in delight, an expression he had seen in her face ever since she was a little elfling. The corners of his mouth dropped however as his eyes landed on the nearly full plate of food that Arahaelon still had in front of him. His eldest son had barely eaten at all, merely moving his food around with his silver fork to the oblivious eyes of the neighboring elves. Worry crept through him as he let out a silent sigh at his son's stubbornness. Arahaelon should not be here. He should be in his bed resting comfortably. He would not last long in the feast tonight, he could already see that the wound was paining him just by the way in which he was sitting, even though he knew nobody else would be able to tell. Still he prayed his son would retire to bed early, wishing that he could trade places and take the pain himself instead of his son. He took a sip of his wine, the rich flavor filling his mouth as his eyes searched the table for his second son, a different kind of worry creeping over him as he could not easily find him. Where had Tadion gone to? He knew that losing sight of Tadion nearly always meant trouble. His eyes scanned around the room, finding his middle child waltzing his way through the crowd with a very pretty golden haired Lady in his arms. And the smile was once again on his face, letting out a silent chuckle at the Lady's face who looked to be having the time of her life. Typical Tadion. Always fun, always trouble, always the one to give him a heart attack in fright and worry and the one to make him laugh the most. He spotted Legolas sitting at the long table as well, adding something to Arahaelon's and Lossenel's conversation. He looked elegant too in his pale blue robes, always his kind and loving elfling. Out of all of his children, Legolas resembled him the most, and he ignored how he did it but his youngest son was the only one who could manage to get anything he wanted, that is anything , from his siblings. They would all give into Legolas' wishes, and with a smile on their faces nonetheless. Even when he was fighting with any of them, Legolas somehow seemed to know just how to get Arahaelon to intervene for him, a thing which immediately ended any argument and made Tadion rage in fury. The perks of being the youngest. His smile widened slightly on his face as he felt his heart swell with warmth and pride, his eyes flying to the elleth sitting right next to Legolas. Tonight Legolas was not the youngest. He would never again be the youngest. It felt so surreal that he nearly felt the need to constantly remind himself that tonight and for the rest of eternity if he could control it, he had five children. Not four. Five. And the fifth, his youngest daughter, was currently sitting in his table, in this very same majestic halls, right next to Legolas. It had been impossible not to look at her the entire night, his eyes darting in her direction every two seconds or so, almost on their own, as if they could not find anything else to interest themselves with, nothing else worthy of looking. She looked like Alarya. It was the thought that had accompanied him for the length of the night, the thought that he did not know if it made him smile all the brighter or pain rip through his already torn and broken spirit. She looked just like Alarya. She always had. Ever since he held her for the first time the day she was born she had already had those bright emerald eyes and golden hair that her mother had, and yet nothing could have ever prepared him for when he saw her in flesh and bone once again, in