This story is written specially for Martine9295, who always encourages me and makes me want to write more and more! I hope you enjoy this little piece here! Little feet pattered on the long hallway outside, followed by the deaf sound of a large door being pushed open. The Elvenking let out a silent groan, rolling over in his bed so that his back was towards the door, listening as his son's little feet stepped across the large antechamber, heading straight to the door that led into the main bedchamber. Next to him, Alarya stirred slightly, pressing herself closer to him in her sleep, his head resting over hers on the pillow, the sweet flowery smell of her golden hair filling his nostrils. Valar, please, five more minutes. But the Valar was not on his side this morning. The elegant door creaked open, little feet now rushing to the side of the bed in complete silence. Then, the little feet stopped. A second of silence passed before the King of Mirkwood felt a light tug on the fine silk wine red covers, making a silent sigh escape his lips. Another tug. It seemed his young son as intent in waking him. He buried his head in the feathered pillow, too exhausted to wake up just yet, feeling Alarya stirring again before she slowly sat up on the bed. "Arahaelon, let your Ada sleep." He heard his wife calling softly over him, managing to buy him one more minute or two of rest by getting the tiny elfling's attention. Not that he did not want to spend time with his son- Valar, that was all he always wanted- but he was simply far too tired to even try to fully wake up, still half-asleep. The past week had been particularly draining. Meeting after meeting, council after council. He had barely had time to sleep at all. "Nana!" The little elfling chirped, quickly rounding the bed, the sound of his young son's voice making a faint smile appear on the King's face as he rolled over once more, his back now to his wife and son. "Good morning, my son." He heard Alarya cooing, feeling the shit of the sheets and covers as his elfling climbed onto the high bed, nestling against his mother. "Did you sleep well?" His son must have nodded his head for no reply came. Instead, he felt the shuffling of weight on the soft mattress as the small elfling crawled over the bed, followed by a nearly negligible weight falling abruptly on his side and climbing over his shoulder. "Ada." His son's sweet voice sounded on his ear, a tiny hand messily brushing away the long strands of light blond hair that covered his father's face. The Elvenking's eyes were closed in a failed attempt to keep resting even after he had already wakened, his body almost forcefully demanding him more hours of sleep. The young Prince, however, had other ideas, and the King felt a little hand patting over his cheek multiple times. "Ada, wake up" "Hmm." Was the only sound he was able to produce, his eyelids feeling too heavy to lift them. "My son, let your Ada rest." He heard Alarya's sweet voice adding soothingly. "But it is morning already, Nana." Came the elfling's protest. "Wake up, Ada." The child kept patting over his cheek, his little hands too soft for it to ever even start to hurt. He heard Alarya sigh quietly, growing silent for a moment as his mind drifted in between sleep and reality, and he knew she was debating whether or not to wake him. He was very well aware that he needed to get up. "Meleth." Alarya's gentle apologetic voice whispered soothingly on his ear as delicate, thin fingers ran up and down his upper arm from behind him. "It is morning already." Was it really? Valar, what would he not give for the Sun to simply set right there and then. Deciding that he really needed to wake up – if it was his intention to make in time to his first meeting of the day- the King of Mirkwood rolled onto his back, the elfling letting out a mirthful squeal as he fell right on top of his father's chest. Something hard hit his chest along with his son's inexistent weight, making him open his eyes in confusion and surprise. His confusion, however, was quick to disappear as he found the very, very familiar toy bow held securely in the tiny pale hands. Valar, the child never let go of that thing, he was sure he even slept with it! "Get up, Ada!" His son's little voice squealed excitedly and the small child bounced over his chest, his in the Elvenking's opinion all too tiny hands falling over his father's cheeks, stretching the skin as far as it would go the sides before letting out a chorus of sweet little giggles. "Get up!" The elfling sat up straighter on his chest, and Thranduil's eyes could hot help but studying his son while he heard Alarya's beautiful laughter bouncing on the bedchamber's majestic walls. A pair of large emerald eyes- so much like his wife's- look down at his, so innocent and reachable, every single thought and emotion visibly displayed on them. His son's fine light blond hair fell freely over his little shoulders, still tangled and messy from his sleep, perfectly framing a soft beautiful face, the features so much like his own. "Why do we not play a game, my son?" Said the Elvenking, easily picking up Arahaelon's little body and playing him down on the bed next to him. "Yes!" The elfling squirmed around, getting under the fine, feathered covers, the toy bow still in his hands. "What game?" "The one who falls asleep first is the winner." He said, already starting to drift off again. Valar, he was so tired. "No. Ada, your games are boring." The King blinked a couple of times in an attempt to stay awake as Arahaelon's giggles echoed once more through the room. He loved that sound. It was not loud or careless as any other child's laughter. No. It was almost silent, as if shy, and at the same time so free and innocent. Even at this young age, his firstborn son was very cautious, always reserved, quiet and observant. Few elves in the Palace could manage to break through his careful shell and witness such a free round of laughter leaving his little mouth. Without another word, the elfling kicked himself free of the sheets and covers, quickly climbing out of bed before starting to jump up and down on the same place, tugging at the covers in the process. "Come! Come! Come! Ada, come! Come! Come!" Alarya's musical laughter filled his ears, already stating to get out of bed herself. Almost reluctantly, he sat up straight, his very young son stopping his bouncing when he saw he had accomplished what he wanted, waiting patiently for his father to swing his legs over the edge of the mattress and raise to his feet. Large green eyes were looking up at him as he had placed the Sun in the sky, a sweet smile on his lips. Silently, Thranduil tied a long elegant robe over his nightclothes, Alarya gracefully walking to where his stood before placing a light kiss on his cheek, making him wrap an arm around her small waist in return. He leaned in to press his lips to hers, but at that precise moment Arahaelon chose to sneak in between the two, his emerald eyes looking up at his father. The young Princeling lifted his little arms, and without needing to even think it, the King of Mirkwood picked up the tiny elfling in his arms. The Elvenking could not help but letting out a light chuckle. The elfling had him wrapped around his little finger, and he had no idea. "Let us get you dressed and then we can have some breakfast." He said to the elfling carried quietly in his arms, who gave a vigorous nod of his little head. His eyes blue eyes turned to look at his wife once more, watching her flashing one of her flawless smiles before disappearing into the bathing chambers. Then, he turned around, heading out of the large bedchamber and in the direction of his son's own rooms. Arahaelon's small arms were swung around his neck, so thin and tiny that they felt overly frail, the child not once squirming or kicking to be let down on his feet. The toy bow –still safely held in his son's little fist- hit his back as they walk, but the second he attempted to take it out of Arahaelon's hand to carry it himself the child only held it more strongly. "No." Came Arahaelon's immediate complain, large emerald eyes suddenly looking scared, as if he thought his Ada would take away his toy. "I am just going to carry it for you." The King explained, finding it hard to hold back an amused smile as the elfling instantly shook his little head, in no way willing to depart from his so adored toy bow. "I will give it back to you." "No." The Princeling repeated, quickly retrieving his little arm to brace the bow to his chest. There was no doubt that from all of his many many toys the bow was the favorite. His son had begged for months for it, and, since the minute that he unwrapped it two Winter Solstices ago, he had rarely left it out of his sight. Knowing that continuing to insist would most definitely not get the child to let go of his toy, the Elvenking simply continued his march, gently opening the elegant door of his son's bedchamber before stepping inside. "Good morning, my Lord." The maid, Sidhel, who had been standing dutifully inside the large room, curtsied respectfully as he entered, her pale face unable to hide her surprise at his unexpected presence. He simply nodded politely in return, elegantly walking inside the room. Of course, it was not uncommon for Arahaelon to dash out of his rooms early in the morning, in order to reach his parents' chambers before the loyal maid came to dress him and ready him for the day. However, it was Alarya the one who usually brought the child back to his chambers. "I will take it form here, thank you, Sidhel." He said, his voice as perfectly calmed and authoritative as ever, giving the maid a small smile as she bowed her head at her dismissal before leaving the room. Arahaelon, however, had not seemed to have paid the slightest attention to the exchange, suddenly swinging his legs in an attempt to be placed back on the floor. Once again, the Elvenking complied, and the second his little feet touched the fine marble floor, the elfling dashed towards the bed, as fast as his little pattering feet would take him before climbing onto it, sitting over his heels on the soft mattress. Lips curving up in a smile, the King proceeded to grab the overly tiny tunic made of fine blue silk that the maid had already laid out for the Prince, before walking to the bed, lowering himself on the edge of the mattress, just next to his son. "You need to let go of your bow in order to get dressed, my son." The elfling's sweet and openly readable green eyes widen in realization, a small pout crossing his soft little face, but did not complain or object as he carefully placed the bow on the bed next to him. Then, without hesitation or trouble, the child lifted his tiny arms, easily allowing his Ada to slip out his light sleeping tunic and replace it for his day tunic. "Ada." His son's mirthful voice chirped just as the King managed to carefully slip one of his arms through the sleeve of