AUTHOR'S NOTE: I think I'm halfway sure about where this story is going. Sorry about the summary not making sense; I'm terrible at them and I hate the stupid character limit for summaries. This was my very first story idea since 2009-11 (?) and I've been trying to improve it, make constant changes, etc. Yes, I'm kind of sure where I'm going with this. I even made an original story inspired from it. Still doing research though. Please go ahead and read on. *Story currently set before Battle of the Labyrinth. Will be set between the 4th book and The Last Olympian later* Only six more hours until the plane lands in New York. I want to sleep, but I can't, mostly because there's this guy next to me snoring like a nasal-congested duck. Shouldn't have chosen the window-seat. Besides that, this feels like a good time to start writing in my journal. I made a promise, even though she knows I don't like writing and stuff like this. She told me to pen it out like I'm talking to someone else. If I did tell anyone about this they would think I'm crazy. Maybe it's a phase - if you consider beating up evil music teachers and causing house-fires as a "phase". Well, it started out like this: a month after my 13th birthday, I had a dream about the Seattle Space Needle being destroyed. I don't normally dream stuff like this, and it's just so weird that it's still bothering me. Right after my head had touched the pillow I appeared in the middle of an empty intersection, very alone - no crickets, no cars, no one else in sight. Nothing. I should really stop watching thriller movies before bedtime. The only light sources were a few flickering lampposts and the glowing crescent moon. My heavy breathing sounded like Darth Vader smothered by a pillow. I remember it was raining heavily all day and all night and my dream probably mirrored it, but it was slightly different: every droplet around me was suspended in midair as if time didn't matter. When I raised my hands, dozens of raindrops drifted aside and left an empty space where my hands moved, like wiping off fog on a window. When I took one step forward dozens of random symbols and shapes in different sizes appeared everywhere, on the street, sidewalks and walls, and even the trashcans and stop signs. It looked like someone threw a graffiti party and only had neon red paint - or at least I hope it was paint. I couldn't make sense to any of it - just a bunch of squiggly lines and patterns that looked like nonsense. I saw more symbols appear on my arms for a quick second and thought they were trying to burn through my skin. Suddenly, an invisible force exploded right in front of me and sent me flying. My landing hurt – dreams weren't supposed to hurt, were they? Unless I'd fallen off my bed in the real-world, that should've woken me up. The ground began to shake, and then a fissure slowly snaked across the pavement several feet away from me. My curiosity can be a little stupid sometimes. As I peered over, black and gold tendrils erupted barely an inch away from my nose, and the fracture began to expand. A loud guttural chuckle rattled my bones, and I couldn't tell if it was coming from the fissure or from my head. Something wanted to kill me, my instincts told me. I had a deja vu feeling that something like this happened to me before, which is weird because you'd think I'd be able to remember an experience as terrifying as that. I ran to opposite direction. It was a bit embarrassing that this whatever-thing was chasing me while I was wearing my Power Rangers pajamas and Bad Badtz-Maru fuzzy slippers. I really hoped that wasn't the reason it wanted to kill me. After several minutes of running faster than I could ever do P.E. class, I collapsed near a round fountain that was adjacent to another intersection. There, I knew where I was this time - Tilikum Place, a small plaza dotted with several small businesses and cafes in downtown Seattle. You can see the Space Needle tower from there. I sat in front of the statue that stood on a pedestal in the middle of the fountain. It was the only thing that wasn't marked with symbols. It was a model of a Native American old man stretching up his hand. He looked like a grumpy version of Yoda with long hair. He stood on a rectangle block with a bear head on the front side spewing out water. The plaque on the side said Seattle: Chief of the Suquamish . The city was named after this guy. Cool. The Space Needle viewed right behind the statue in the distance. From the angle when I stood up the statue looked like he was trying to reach the tip of the Needle. The hand glowed faintly yellow. I thought it was from the tower's beacon light. But when I looked again I noticed something was glued to the hand, and it was glowing brighter as I kept staring. Without a second thought, I climbed on the fountain block and up the statue. It wasn't like anyone was there to stop me. I apologized to Chief Seattle for putting my armpit near his face. After snatching the object off his hand, I slipped and landed on my back. At least it was faster than climbing back down. The glowing stopped when I opened my hand, and lying on my palm was a some bulky ring, maybe a class ring, made of silver and gold. The diamond piece gave it a "When a punch isn't enough" vibe. It must've cost more than the White House. Why would someone leave it on a fountain statue? I tried to read the writings along the sides, but the ring began to glow very brightly and it felt hot enough to burn through my skin. And it did – sort of. The ring phased through my hand and vanished before it could hit the ground. Then I heard a soft voice of a lady who warned me, Not yet. "Okay," I said out loud. This was just a weird dream, I reminded myself. I will wake up soon and everything will be normal because whatever happens in dreams don't matter in the real world. And then the ground rumbled under my feet, but not as violent as earlier. From the intersection across from me, a pillar of light shot out to the sky. It was like the Luxar Hotel, but a hundred times brighter. I had to shut my eyes and cover my hands, but even that wasn't enough. After a minute passed, the earthquake stopped and bright light dimmed. In the middle of the intersection stood a tall marble Greek-looking column, stretching two or three stories high. The bright light-pillar now shined at the very top of it. It took me awhile to notice my legs going on autopilot. The pillar of light was bright and intense enough to slice through every cell in my body. As I got closer, I felt warmth emitting from the pillar. Like a blanket of radiation wrapping around my body. Sounds cozy. I paused a few feet from the pedestal when I started hearing a faint voice – well, multiple voices, whispering in my head, which is usually not a good sign. They keep repeating Don't be afraid. They didn't sound anything like the first one I'd heard. Taking a deep breath, I continued onward. Several blocks appeared under my feet in a form of a staircase, but I didn't miss a beat. It felt like a daily routine, as natural as blinking. Once I made it to the top, the light pillar faded away until it unveiled itself. A sword hovered in front of me. It looked like a sword-version of a stiletto or poniard dagger - the blade looked slender as a katana and pointy like a thin triangle. It was made of either silver or steel with shining wave texture, and the grip was wrapped in black leather. The pommel was an eyeball-sized clear crystal ball. What caught my attention the most was etchings along one side of the blade: ανάθεμα The symbols began to shudder and shift around until spelled in English, and the word read damned , from what I can remember. But then the word started to blur and other words overlapped other words like it couldn't make up its mind or something. It started giving me a migraine. A dim light flickered inside crystal pommel when I touched the hilt. Again, the ground shuddered, and I fell off the column, which disintegrated into sparkly dust. I managed to grab the sword on time. It was lighter than it looked, barely more than the weight of a pen. Despite the lack of lighting from the sky, the blade reflected an abnormal amount of reflective bright light. It forced me to tightly shut my eyes. I felt my body floating for a few seconds until my feet touched a surface, and when I opened my eyes, I nearly fell. I was now on the edge of a slanted, saucer-like roof about six hundred feet higher above ground. I was standing on top of the Seattle Space Needle. I don't understand why. I like being in high places, but this was just pushing it. Why couldn't my dream take my inside the tower, or at least let me use the elevator? I've always wanted to visit the restaurant. The first thunderclap was loud enough to make my bones rattle and the tower to tremble. The fog below grew thicker until I couldn't see the street and any of the other tall buildings. More lightning flashed in the dark sky like lines of menacing jagged teeth. I noticed something was floating near the tip of the pole. The crystal , a part of my brain urged, but it could've been just another voice in my head. I didn't understand what my brain was talking about until I noticed something different about the sword: The crystal pommel was missing. I had a bad feeling that that piece was really important and I might die if I didn't have it, or worse. The sword hummed, like it was trying to warn me. But it was too late for me to figure it out. I witnessed two more impossible things: 1) my shadow peeled off from under my feet; and 2) it split into five large, jet-black circles in front of me. Before I could take one step back, the five circles molded into solid disfigured human-like figures. They were about my height, about 5'2". Some of their body parts had galaxy-like swirls, no face at all. They were hunched in awkward forms and their arms dripped onto the floor. They looked like shadow zombies that were stretched one too many times in a taffy machine and then drenched in black oil. The middle shadow bellowed an eardrum-shattering screech/roar, and charged towards me. The sword had a mind of its own. It actually dragged me forward, right to the taffy monsters. I couldn't let go; my hand felt like it was hot-glued around the hilt. When the monster leaped in the air, the sword reached upward. My eyes were closed when that happened. Nothing happened. When I opened them, the monster was gone. Black smoke sizzled off the blade and the air smelled like burnt rubber tires. The remaining blobs hesitated, but they stormed in, anyway. The fight didn't last long. The sword did most of the work. I kicked one off the edge. Soon there was only one. I felt unstoppable. Easy slushy. I noticed a blood-red light glowing bright along the torch poles, brighter