"This is your fault, by the way," Jason muttered from the next cell, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed. His fingers started to feel all tingly with energy as he clenched and unclenched his hands, something that usually happens when he's anxious or when he's trapped. Like now. By two solid cement walls and two walls of solid metal bars. He eyed her through the metal bars that separated them. Mary scoffed, propping a leg on the steel bench as she started to draw an imaginary apple on the palm of her hand, her nail shone with midnight blue nail polish. "You got yourself involved in this, wasn't my fault you wanted to trail along," she looked at him through the same bars, where he was rubbing his fingertips with his thumb. "You 'insisted'." He gave her a look. "How am I supposed to know you're going to break into an art store to steal a tube of red paint for your 'masterpiece'." He did air quotes with his fingers. "You could have just waited until tomorrow and we wouldn't be in this mess." Scoffing, she straightened herself as she held up a finger. "Okay, first of all, you do not insult the artist. When we suddenly have that burst of determination for painting, we have to act on it. Now. Or not, it'll go away and you'll regret it. Forever. Second, it's scarlet, I have scarlet vermilion, but I don't have scarlet; and I need that scarlet. Lastly, your. Own. Fault." She jabbed a finger in his direction with every word. "And don't you dare blast us out of here, Pikachu," she added, noticing that his fingers moved with increasing speed, tiny sparks flying from them. This time he scoffed. "First of all, if I were to blast us out of here, I wouldn't take you. I think you deserve some introspection on what you've done." Mary rolled her eyes when an officer came in and opened the door of her cell. "Go down the hall, last door on the right," she monotoned. "I'll get your boyfriend out in a bit." "He's not my boyfriend," she responded, while Jason said the same thing in unison. "Look, kid, I don't care; it's 4am and it's been a long night for me. Just get to the counter, someone there will attend to you." Instead of going on ahead, she hung back to wait for Jason and together they emerged in the front of the station, where Mary's mother was standing with her arms crossed. "Oh, gods," Mary muttered, just as her mother turned and saw her. Mary's mother, an adorably petite woman in her late-40s, looked less adorable and more thunderous when she noticed her daughter. She marched over to them and even though she was just over five feet, still managed to tower over them. "Mary Arabella Velvet," her tone was neutral, which served to only cause more chills to run down both their spines. "Do you have any idea what time it is? Or what day it is for that matter? What is the meaning of this? You have school and I have work in two hours. Hello, Jason," she said suddenly, turning her attention towards the six footer, her face broken in a sincere, if exhausted, smile. "We are extremely fortunate Mr. Johnson, who is a good friend of mine, decided not to press charges; seeing as there is little to no damage to his premises." "Everyone's your good friend," Mary muttered, still cringing at her full name. She immediately regretted saying it when her mother's eyes widened impossibly and her face became thunderous again. "Get in the car," she growled, throwing Mary the keys. "And don't even think of driving off without me. I have some unfinished business here. You too, Jason. I'll send you home as well." "It's all right, Mrs Velvet. I can walk home," Jason protested. "Nonsense," came the quick, decisive reply. "It's the middle of the night. Or morning, depends on where you stand. I can't, in good conscience, let you walk alone. You'll be safer in the car with us." Jason saw Mary successfully turn her scoff into a cough as she beckoned him outside. They sat in silence in the car, waiting for Mary's mother to get on with her 'unfinished business'. "Your mother seems nice," he broke the heavy silence. "She even got me out." "She's a lawyer, that's what she does," came the terse reply. When morning came, Mary found that Jason still managed to come to school on time. Though he just transferred from Wilderness High last term, he was already an important figure in school, having been elected student council president and also a member of the photography club, though he was known to only take photos of the sky. During lunch, Mary was surprised when he came and sat at her table. "What are you doing?" she growled. "Eating." "What are you doing here?" "Eating." "Did all the blonde go into your head or something? This is not your table." "I don't see a blacklist with my name on it." Simmering, Mary grabbed her tray and walked out of the cafeteria. "Mars, wait!" she heard him call out to her as she left the cafeteria. She staunchly ignored him and turned the corner. "Mars!" She gasped when he grabbed her elbow, effectively bringing her to a juddering halt. Stiffly, she turned to face him. "First of all," her voice shook in anger, "only my friends can call me that, of which you are not. Secondly, what are you doing?" She yanked her arm away from his grip, trying to surreptitiously rub her arm where she still felt his fingers through her thin top. But Jason noticed it anyway. "I'm sorry about that," he pointed to her arm and she just glared at him. "I just wanted to ask you for some help after school." "What?" Of all the things she imagined him saying, that wasn't actually on the top of the list. She was at a loss for words, yet still wary. "Why?" she narrowed her eyes suspiciously. "Just please come. It would mean the world to me." Mary continued to scrutinise him for a second. "We'll see," came the short reply before she turned her back to him and stalked off, effectively ending the conversation. Jason hopped off the stone lion that was placed on either side of the school main doors. "You came," he said, his voice an odd mixture of both surprise and smugness. "I had nothing else to do. Besides, my mother said she can't fetch me today so it means she gives me free reign on what time I come back home. So what of my help that you needed so badly that you can't ask anyone else?" "Don't worry, if it runs late I can send you home," he grinned, the scar on his lip stretching. Mary opened her mouth to retort but for once he was quicker, interjecting her. "Come on," he took her hand and pulled her back into the school building. It took all of her attention to place one foot in front of the other and keep up with Jason's long stride. At 5'3, it took two of her strides to match one of his own. Before she could ask anything, they stopped in front of the gym. "Are we going to have an impromptu basketball game, ala HSM?" Jason groaned. "Grover can not stop singing them good gods." He smacked a hand over his eyes and he peeked through his fingers when he heard a sound from her that was not a scoff. She was laughing silently. "Leave the satyr to his simple pleasures," she said, a full smile spreading across her face at the memory of Grover singing 'I Want Fabulous'. She noticed him staring at her and she felt the heat rise to her cheeks. "Then what are we doing here?" "I'm begging you to call upon Apollo and his arts because I'm in desperate need of it." "What are you talking about?" Mary asked impatiently. "Are you asking me to Iris message my dad?" "Maybe it's best if I show you." Jason stepped forward and pushed the gym doors wide open. Inside, Mary was surprised to see at least twenty students in various groups, all huddled on the floor with numerous pieces of paper around them. "What in the Underworld...?" "We have an important game coming soon and we're making posters." He walked inside the gym and beckoned her to follow. After a few paces, he stooped down and picked up a stray piece of paper. "But as you can see," he turned it over and she couldn't stop from hissing, "it's not very good." "You're telling me." She took the paper with a look of distaste. It was awful; gaudy, poorly constructed words added with horribly jarring colours and generally looking like a child gone wild. "Why do you need my help?" She handed him the paper back. "I've heard some students talk about our posters and while the guys have little to no problem with it, the girls think they're just plain ugly. I thought you knew a lot about colour composition, lighting and such. I thought it could use a feminine touch." "I don't know if you've noticed, Pikachu, but I'm not the most feminine person out there." She stepped away from him and threw her arms wide, calling attention to her ripped jeans, her brick red top, her thick dark hair that she rarely ties back with its constant streaks of paint in it and her favourite midnight blue nail polish, chipped from the night before. "I think you're perfect for the job," he insisted. "Please, just this once. If not for me, for the school." He looked at her steadily, blue eyes serious. Mary could only meet his eyes for no more than five seconds before she felt that she couldn't hide the colour on her cheeks anymore. She looked away, at the gathered students, who've decided that they weren't interesting enough to watch any longer. "Begging is so unbecoming," she said finally, facing him with her mouth quirked into a smile. "Here, use these two colours. This one on the inside and that one on the outside. Not the other way around. You hear me?" She swiped at a stray hair tickling her cheek irritatedly, leaving a crimson streak across it. It had been a week and while it was initially slow going to get people to respond to her, now everything's moving along smoothly. "Here." Jason suddenly appeared behind her, gathering her hair behind her and putting it into a manageable but messy bun. Then he was off to inspect another group on their work. Dazed, Mary touched her hair, leaving another crimson streak in it. As usual that evening they were the last to leave after cleaning up after themselves. "Listen," Jason began and Mary's head jerked up to meet his eyes. "Yeah?" He shifted from one foot to another. He tried to scratch the back of his head but accidentally dropped his pile of papers. "Oh, damn." He immediately crouched down to pick it up. Mary went over to help him. He watched her gather the papers for a while. "I'd like to thank you." She met his gaze again. "I really didn't expect you to help. I thought it was a long shot but you really pulled through." He shot her a huge smile and, caught off guard, she only managed to return a small smile before having to look away. "It's no problem," she mumbled. "My mother's just happy I'm getting out of trouble. I, er..." They both stood up and she shifted from one foot to another, curling her toes in her sneakers in embarrassment. "I wanted to thank you too. For helping me tie up my hair just now," she said in a rush, fiddling with the