Summary: When life gives you football players, you make happiness—against all odds. Even if they always seem to not be in your favor. OOC, since, y'know, Cato isn't killing it up and stuffs. Don't worry if you're confused through this, this chapter is set in the middle of the storyline. This is my first fanfic. So PLEASE, lay on the criticism people! I need some feedback. I apologize in advance for the lack of spelling and grammar checks. I don't know how the whole beta thing works, so I don't have one. Bummer, right? Sorry dudes. Disclaimer: My name isn't Suzanne Collins. Therefore I don't own Peeta Mellark (unfortunately) or the rest of The Hunger Games. Sorry to disappoint. Chapter 1: Katniss' POV Present day: "You know, you and Peeta Mellark should go dance together." "What?" Of all the random and ridiculous ideas Prim had released from that little blonde head of hers, I was quite sure that this one was the worst. Any implication of physical contact with that boy was far off my radar that night. She smiled at me with some knowing look like she knew something I didn't, and repeated her statement. "Okay, I think someone has had enough candy for one night." I grabbed her hand, grateful for the excuse to leave this useless costume party Madge and Gale had dragged me to. Speaking of which, I needed to find them so we could head back home. "No Katniss!" She pulled herself from my grip and folded her arms over, refusing my attempts to go home…again. "I didn't even have a chance to dance with Rory yet! And YOU haven't talked to one guy this entire night. You promised Katniss." I rolled my eyes at her mention of our earlier debate. "I know what I said, but seriously, look around you. This isn't exactly a nice environment." She scanned the Mellarks' living room then, registering the drunken atmosphere of teenage bunnies, vampires, and witches. I saw her raise her eyebrows and mouth 'come here' towards something behind me, before finally smiling up at me with the same 'secret' expression from before. I was just getting ready to ask her what was wrong when I smelled it. Cookie dough. "Hey there Prim, enjoying the party?" After I silently cursed my horrid luck, I turned around to dismiss the cookie-dough-smelling quarterback. Instead of the scowl I prepared to fix on my face, I held an expression of shock. Peeta Mellark was standing half naked in front of me. From head to toe, he had gold glitter lining his body. His hair was pushed up and back out of his face in a disheveled mess that somehow looked perfect. His crystalline eyes smiled along with the 2 plump lips on his face. Perfection also lined his upper body in a flawless contour of abs and muscle. Light blonde speckles of weaved hair swayed lightly across his chest with the movement of dancing around us. He was wider than I remember him being—in more aspects than one. His white and gold shorts hung low on his body, giving everyone a view to the v shape leading lower and lower into dangerous territory. He was definitely a sight to be seen, even more than usual. I realized I was ogling him a few seconds too late. He tilted his head and held a small expression of curiosity, which soon turned into triumph. "Hey Katniss, wanna dance?" He finally greeted me, offering his hand. I ignored it and looked down instead, thanking the dim lighting for hiding my steadily increasing blush. Annoyance coursed through me at being caught staring at him, and I hid my features with my hair. "Actually, we were just leaving. It's late and Prim has homework." "No I don't." Damn it. "Well, I do, so goodnight." I heard her whine behind me, clearly not wanting to cooperate with my escape plan. Her footsteps echoed on the hardwood floor as she stomped away to who knows where. I cursed and looked up in time to see him glance at my chest. A flicker of surprise registered there before he met my eyes once again, an apology written out. I guess he noticed my annoyed mood. And my protruding chest, no thanks to the glittery black corset. I knew I shouldn't have agreed to wear this slutty outfit. "Leaving? I was hoping we could talk for a minute. Nice costume by the way." I narrowed my eyes at his indication of my corset, mask, tights, crown, and tutu ensemble meant to resemble a 'mysterious princess,' as Madge had put it. "Gale's idea. I could say the same to you," I snapped back. He only laughed, causing his hair to shake and a piece to fall out of place. I got the strange urge to move it into place again, but remained in my stand-off position near the Halloween candy bowls. "Thanks, Finnick's idea. I was going for a Greek God." At the mention of his wild swim star friend, he screamed his arrival, wearing Annie on his arm and not much else. He and Peeta had matching costumes, it seemed. "Peet, I thaw you twooo were gonna DANCEEE with us? Whaz the hol' up?" His stumbling words tumbled with the rhythm of his drunk body, moving an amused Annie along with it. I scrunched my nose up at the smell of alcohol. I thought he was done drinking. Peeta apparently had the same thought process. "Finn, dude, didn't you say you were done drinking? It hasn't even been 2 full days man." As he spoke, Finnick stumbled toward the ground but Annie held him upright, all traces of amusement gone. "What is he talking about? What happened?" She questioned, concern now lining her face. Finnick looked guilty at being caught before he guarded his features. "Maybeee we can dance later. I gotta tell Annie." He tried to stand up straight and pull Annie in the opposite direction of the 50 some dancing kids out in the lit up backyard, but tripped on his own feet. Annie and Peeta both launched toward him with wide arms, struggling to pull him upright. I used the distraction to get about 3 feet away before a familiar arm locked around my waist. His breath tickled the hairs on the back of my neck as he held me in front of him, hands located on my waist. "Ohhhhh no you don't. You and I need to talk Katniss." He started walking me in the direction of the stairwell as I began to protest. They were useless attempts, I knew that. Peeta's strength was no secret to me, yet I tried anyway to push his hands off of my body. His arms basically laughed in reply, meeting my attempts with a tighter grip every time. Since I was in no position to willingly walk upstairs with him, he lifted me from the ground and threw me across his shoulder. "I'm sorry Kat, but I REALLY have to talk to you," he apologized to my butt. I tried swinging my legs toward his face to get a good hit on him, but again it was useless. We reached his bedroom in no time, and he put me down before returning his hands to their earlier tight-gripped position. I wiggled the knob and moved to stand in the middle of his room once it opened. My arms automatically crossed themselves over my chest, although they should have shot to my face. I was embarrassed about having to be carried up the stairs as several of our classmates paused to observe us. There was no way in HELL that I was going to talk to him now. He sighed at my childish behavior before closing and locking the door. The silence would have been deafening after that if "Can't Stop Me" by Afrojack hadn't been pounding through the floor from downstairs. He walked over to his bed in a nonchalant way, as if everything was perfect and nothing was wrong. The calm demeanor vanished when his hands wound themselves into his hair and pulled harshly. He looked so distraught that I almost wanted to ditch the stubborn act and go over to him. Almost. He strode over to me instead, determination flooding his face. It faltered as he neared me, and then his feet led him walking away from me. He began pacing the room, continuously fidgeting and changing angry expressions. He finally won the argument with his feet and trudged in my direction. We still had about 8 feet between us when he started talking from behind his hands that were rubbing at his face. "Ou a ways wook ready wetty," he mumbled slowly. "What?" I questioned, not understanding what he was saying. His hands dropped, revealing his face. For the first time that night, I noticed the dark spots below his eyes and the sharp veins. He looked like he hadn't slept in days. "I said…I said you always look really pretty." I stiffened at the compliment, instantly longing for that jacket I contemplated sneaking in Gale's truck before we left. Of course Peeta would like the excessive cleavage and the tiny skirt. "And I know you hate compliments, especially from me, but I felt the need to say it." I looked down, preparing to tune out his entire apology, if that was what this was. Until he spoke his next words. "But not tonight." I took a chance and lifted my head up to watch his expressions play out. Anger. Guilt. More anger. Then sadness. "Tonight you look like Glimmer and Clove." Infuriation took over my body and I glared at him for the comparison between the three of us. "Not like that, Kat. Not like that. It's just…" I loosened a little as I watched my ex-whatever struggle for words. It wasn't like him at all. But I guess we had both been pretty different people the last week and a half. "You're perfect. And don't stiffen up, I'm not saying that as a compliment. It's just a fact. You always have been. Yet here you are, dressed up like one of those phony cheerleaders because of some stupid comment I made." Anger returned to his face at the memory of the event both of us were playing through our heads. "I was just trying to get Rye off my case. He can be an ass, you and I both know that, and he was being even more dumb than usual that night. So was I. I just wanted him to shut up about the two of us being together." I erased all emotion in my face as the hurt came back full force from his words that night. "I said some stupid things, I know. Some REALLY stupid things, that had no grain of truth to them whatsoever. And I don't blame you for hating me. I hate myself even more. Any man who ever treats you less than what you deserve should face the consequences." I took one step toward him. 7 feet apart. "You've been through hell and back the last month with everything going on, and you didn't need my immature comments to make you feel insecure about who you are." 6 feet apart. "You don't need anyone. You're so stubbornly independent. And smart. And beautiful—without the makeup and cleavage. And unknowingly gentle, no matter how strong you try to come off." 5 feet. "And funny, in your own way. And-shit-sexy as HELL Katniss. An—did I say beautiful? Because, holy, you're…just…beautiful." 4 feet. "I screwed up. Big time. I'm so sorry. Damn it I wish that didn't sound so cliché but I—fuck, I'm sorry. I didn't mean any word of it. I love you. I love you so damn much, and I know you hate to hear about it all the time and you might not believe me right now, but I do. More than…" 3 feet. "…more than…more than