"You're a wizard." The words echoed throughout the dingy, stone building, interrupted by no other sounds, as Aileen, her mother, and her father were the only people in the room. The sounds of her father's carnival, loud as they were, were far enough away from their one-room home that they didn't interfere with their family conversation. The iron dishes hanging over the sink didn't waver an inch, nor did the curtains, or the wind just outside of every window. Nothing stirred in their cozy, congested home; Aileen stood leaning on the back of the couch, cross armed and facing her father, who was just opposite her, presenting the very same posture, one she had undoubtedly inherited from him; folded arms, unyielding stare, and a faint movement of the mouth from where his upper teeth began to gnaw on his lower lip. Unlike Aileen, who usually wore whatever hand-me-down rags her parents would give her with her dark blue cloak thrown over it, her father was dressed almost presentably, despite him being a carnie; his black suit was pinstriped with thin silver lines up and down his torso and arms, his tie and undershirt as dark as the rest of his attire, his narrow face expressionless as he gazed at his daughter, his thin, light brown hairs slicking backwards, revealing the slightest hint of a receding hairline in the shape of a V, which, on anyone else, wouldn't look half as stylish. Aileen ruffled her messy ginger hair, groaning and tossing her Hogwarts letter onto the wool blankets atop the couch cushions. "I'm a wizard. You're a wizard. Your mother's a particularly gifted witch, too. How's it a surprise to you?" her father asked. "We may not look it, but we've been a pureblood family for generations. It oughta' be expected that you'd get invited to Hogwarts, given the family history." Aileen stifled a sigh. Her father yammered in that thick accent of his, and it irritated her more than ever; his accent was probably the only one in all of Ireland that was thicker than her own. Right now, as he tried to persuade her of her luckiness at being invited to Hogwarts, everything about that voice of his was bothering her more and more. "I still don't see why I have to go to school for magic," Aileen replied. "I know magic. You've been teaching me all my life. Mum, are you on his side, or what?" Her eyes shot over to the kitchen, where her mother - a beautiful, curvatious woman with waves of auburn hair crawling down her shoulders - was standing with her back against the wall, watching as her husband and daughter continued to argue with no real resolve coming about. "I think," her mother began hesitantly, "that you would benefit from getting an education. Especially in a place like Hogwarts. It's as safe as God's Heaven, nowadays. And, it's full of experienced teachers, and full of such incredible history... you can't even imagine. Your cousin Seamus graduated from Hogwarts, and look how well he's doing for himself." Aileen, annoyed at her parents both teaming up against her, groaned and turned away. "Oh, you know magic, do you?" her father said. "You don't even have a wand yet. You don't know anywhere near enough. Not yet. Just because you can turn a few tricks with the flick of your wrist," he spun his hand, making a ball of fire appear in his palm, "doesn't mean that you're ready for the real world. Preforming circus tricks isn't what you oughta' base your standards on." "That's what you do," Aileen quipped in response. "What's wrong with circus tricks?" "Nothing's wrong with it. Not for me, anyway," her father told her. "It was a way to survive - because I didn't have the luxury of getting an education. This is how I learned to use magic, to make a few pretty tricks for the muggles and make them laugh and clap. It's not a career, sweety. It's a method of survival. You can do better than me, and you damn well have the means to. There's no reason in the world why you shouldn't take the opportunity." He snapped his fingers shut, making the magical flame that had appeared vanish as quickly as it had manifested. Aileen's mouth shriveled into a wrinkly ball, pursing up and making her look noticeably angry. In her eleven years, she had quite enjoyed living in the shadow of the O'Heidin Carnival, sneaking off and watching the attractions by her lonesome whenever she wasn't tasked with tending to her parents' garden. Usually, she'd slip away and indulge in her laziness whenever she could, often skipping her chores and dodging many of her responsibilities. The luxury of living as a carnie child wouldn't be bestowed upon her if she were to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry; going to a live-in school and being given a constant flow of schoolwork would most assuredly take away her careless way of life. That wasn't an idea that she was willing to entertain. Her father, however, was not in the mood to take 'no' for an answer. "Don't pout at me, hothead," he stated. "You should be grateful that you got that letter. You shouldn't be acting like a spoiled brat about it." "Samuel," her mother interjected. "Don't." "Melody, hush," her father, Samuel, replied. Melody O'Heidin frowned at her husband. "Ross Connelly and his boy are coming to pick you up in a few days, understand?" Samuel unfolded his arms and planted his hands on his hips, taking a step forward and raising his eyebrows as he stared into Aileen's face. "Do you understand, missy? Ross and little Maxwell are gonna take your pouty hide to Diagon Alley, so you can get everything you need for the school year. I've got a bit of money saved up. You should have enough for all your books. Look - your letter came with a list of class requirements. Keep that on you when you leave, aye?" "Do I have to go to school?" Aileen moped. "I really don't care about having a career." "You're eleven years old," Samuel responded. "You don't get to make that decision for yourself. Not yet." "Yes, it's Maxwell's first year as well," Melody said. "You two are starting school together. Aren't you looking forward to going to school with your friend?" Aileen didn't answer her mother. Maxwell was the son of a wealthy Scottish Auror, a wizard by the name of Ross. Ross Connelly was one of the very few elite Aurors who resided in Scotland, and whenever he would travel across Europe in the pursuit of wizardly evildoers, he would occasionally drop his son off at the O'Heidin Carnival. Ross and Samuel were well acquainted with one another, so, Ross never minded to let Samuel babysit his son. Maxwell Connelly had been left in the O'Heidin family's care many times in the past, and Maxwell himself tended to stick to Aileen's side whenever he was around. Samuel and Melody were usually busy, leaving Aileen the only person available to look after Maxwell during his visits. Unlike Aileen, Maxwell was an outspoken, fun loving individual, and he seemed to like Aileen's company, but she wasn't sure if she would call him a friend. After all, she never went out of her way to spend time with him; he was simply there, latching onto her and following her around whenever his father would leave for a dangerous job. His mother was perfectly capable of looking after him, but she had a job of her own, and Maxwell very much enjoyed his visits to the carnival. It didn't matter that Maxwell was expected to attend Hogwarts, just as she was. If Aileen had it her way, she'd stay isolated forever, hiding in the carnival's crowds and never being bothered with work, or rules, or people. "You will be going to school, and I don't want to hear another word about it. Are we clear?" Samuel said straightly, pointing a finger at Aileen. "Go and dig around in the cellar. You should find a trunk to use. You drag it inside, you pack it full of clothes, and you get your gear together, because you're gonna be leaving for school the day after tomorrow. Understand?" "Mhm," Aileen mumbled halfheartedly. "It'll be fun, sweetheart," Melody told her. "Much more fun than staying cooped up in here all the time." Aileen opened the thick wooden door, stepping outside and leaving the presence of her parents. Their home sat on the top of a hill, surrounded by miles of trees and fields, overlooking the colorful tents and structures of the O'Heidin Carnival. A slender dirt road slithered around the home, down the hill, and towards the carnival. It was the path that her father would walk every morning in order to take survey of everything in his carnival, to make sure that everything was as it should have been, that everyone was doing their job and no one was causing any trouble. Samuel O'Heidin wasn't just a carnie; he was the owner of the entire carnival. Intelligent and experienced, Samuel always had the answer to every carnie's questions, though he was most well known for his own show, the great manipulation of elements. He was often nicknamed the Pyro, as he was especially talented when handling fire. Melody had always expressed to Aileen how special her father was for having this ability; it took an extraordinary level of strength and practice to use magic without a wand, and it was a rare ability that Samuel was quite proficient in. The carnival was where Samuel spent most of his time, but on the other side of the house - the side opposite of the dirt path - was the garden, where her mother would tend to the crops on a regular basis. Aileen looked from the garden to the carnival, then to the wooded area north of their home, where a square cement structure stuck out of the ground, two large doors on its top which led to the family cellar. Before now, she had never been expected to leave home. She'd never even been to an ordinary muggle city before, and she had never attended a school, either. Her mother had homeschooled her, taught her to read, and write, and basic mathematics, and such. She'd never left the carnival before. How could they suddenly expect her to move to another country and live in a school which was entirely unfamiliar to her? Down the hill, music echoed from the tents, and crowds of muggles moved around like ants, carrying stuffed animals, cotton candy, popcorn, drinks, and other things. The carnival was busy, as to be expected at the end of the summer. Soon, autumn would fall, and this would be the first year that Aileen wouldn't be around to see the beautiful leaves fall over her father's land. "Why do I have to leave...?" Aileen murmured, taking one last glance of the carnival from above before heading towards the cellar. As she pulled the cellar doors open, her mother's stories of Hogwarts appeared in her mind. Melody had told her of the history of Hogwarts, focusing mostly on its most recent events, like the War of Hogwarts that took place nineteen years ago against the legendary Lord Voldemort and his army of magical creatures and death eaters. The Dark Lord was finally vanquished, and in the years following this amazing accomplishment, Hogwarts was restored to its former glory, with slight changes and improvements added to the magnificent school. This was only what Aileen had heard, of course. Apart from what her mother had told her, she hardly knew anything about the place. In all honestly, Hogwarts sounded like a wonderful place to experience and explore, with classes that taught all forms of magic, and with Quidditch matches to look forward to every season, not to mention the occasional treat