Hi guys! Thank you so so so much for choosing to read my story. I really appreciate it. This is my first story that isn't a short oneshot, so I hope you guys enjoy it! I also apologize for the weird formatting. Please please please leave a review, I would also appreciate it so much if you took some time out of your day to give some feedback. Enjoy and please leave a review! Enola Finch was just your average kid. She liked to read books and write stories. At eleven years old, she stood just under five feet tall. She had tan skin and long brown hair that cascaded down to her waist, and always seemed to be tangled. She had just gotten into the Harry Potter books, and she had loved them. She wished she could be a wizard and cast charms, and go to school at Hogwarts. Little did she know, her wish was about to be granted. "Best friends forever, right?" Said Enola looking at her best friend, Violet, earnestly. "Forever." She said, hooking her pinky with Enola's. "Can you even believe we're going to be in fifth grade in just a couple weeks?" Said Enola peering over at Violet. "I can't. That's just one year away from middle school." "Enola?" "Yeah?" "Are you a bit scared for fifth grade?" Violet bit her lip. "Sure, I mean, we're going to be the oldest kids in school!" Enola sighed. "Sometimes I feel like I don't ever want to grow up." "You do?" "Kinda." "I feel the same way. Sometimes I wish we could all just stay in kindergarten, when everything was... simple." "Oh Violet... we sound like adults now!" Enola giggled. "Anyways, I should probably get going before my mom thinks I've gone missing." "Yeah, we both should. Best friends forever and ever?" Enola asked. "Forever and ever. No matter what the kids at school say about you." Violet smiled, and they both went their separate ways. The thing is, Enola could do strange things sometimes. Once, when a kid was teasing her about her eccentric mom, the most peculiar thing happened: his skin turned purple and small green dots started to appear on his face. He cried and cried for her to make it stop, but she didn't know how. Several more incidents such as this occurred, and the nickname of "freak" started to follow her around. As long as she had Violet by her side, she always had a friend, Enola had figured. "I'm home mom!" Cried Enola up the stairs. "Oh hey sweetie." Said her mom. Enola's mom was quite a character. With straight jet black hair that went to her knees and the wardrobe that was a mix between colonial England and a punk rocker, she was quite strange. But Enola didn't mind one bit. "This arrived in the mail for you today." Her mom said, handing her a parchment envelope. That's strange, she thought. I never get any mail. She flipped it over and it was addressed to: Miss Enola Finch The Room at the Top of the Stairs 78 Brocklehurst Street London, England How very strange, she thought. She flipped it over again and she found it had a red circular seal closing it. She opened it hesitantly. Was this some sort of trick? It read: Dear Ms. Finch, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted into the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please board the Hogwarts express at precisely 9:00am sharp, which you will find at platform 9 3/4 Kings Cross Station... Wait a second. This was a letter... a Hogwarts letter! No, but those were only stories... "Hey mom?" She hollered. "Yes?" Asked her mom. "Did you by chance... um... send me a Hogwarts letter?" "Huh?" "Never mind." Her mom possibly couldn't have pulled this elaborate a prank on her, thought Enola. Besides, her mom was always too wrapped up in her own world to give a darn what was going on with Enola. Maybe Violet had sent it as a joke, knowing how much Enola loved Harry Potter. She went upstairs to call Violet via their archaic landline. She dialed. Violet's number which she knew by heart, the individual pings of the keypad making a song that she could hum in her sleep. "Hello?" Violet's mom answered. "Hi, this is Enola, may I please speak to Violet?" She said, trying to sound as polite as possible. "Of course, one second honey." There was some muffled sounds in the background, then: "Hello?" "Hi." "Oh it's you. What's up?" "Well, um, did you perhaps send me a fake Hogwarts letter?" "No, why would I do that, silly?" Violet giggled. "No reason, no reason. Anyways, I'll call you later." "Best friends forever?" "Always." And the line went silent. The Hogwarts letters kept coming and coming. First a couple came, the day after the first. And then soon they started coming in piles and piles and then soon she had full burlap sacks of them in her room. That must be one persistent prankster, thought Enola. She was wrong. Very wrong. "So you keep getting these Hogwarts letters? Asked Violet curiously. "Yeah, isn't it so weird?" "Well, maybe you are a real wizard?" "Yeah right." Enola snorted. "As much as I wish Hogwarts was a real place, we all know that's just books, and it's not real." "Yeah, well. Want to go see a movie tonight?" "Sure." "Okay, cool." "Best friends?" "Forever." "I don't know, it kind of seemed like just another princess tale where the damsel in distress is rescued by some prince." Said Enola. "But he was so cute!" Said Violet, nudging Enola. Enola rolled her eyes. They were currently debating the movie they had just seen, and Enola was arguing that it was just another princess movie while Violet, off in her dreamland, was commenting about how even if the movie was cliché, it was also cute. Then Enola heard a strange sound. It seemed to lure her to somewhere, and before she knew it she was running and running trying to get to its source. She ran through what seemed like a maze of corridors until she stumbled upon a giant man with a big black beard. "Excuse me, sir I-" "Well I know who yeh are, Miss Violet Finch. I am Rubeus Hagrid, keeper of the keys at Hogwarts. And you, lassie, yer a witch!" "I'm a what?" "A witch!" Said Hagrid grinning. "You know that stuff is just made up, it's just fairytales and rubbish-" "Have yeh ever done things to people when yer scared or angry that yeh couldn't explain? It's because of magic." "Magic?" Enola scoffed. "We all know that's just in books, magic can't possibly be real." "Not real? Then watch this." Then the most peculiar thing happened. A flower, a purple daisy proceeded to grow out of his hand. "If that's not magic then what is?" Hagrid grinned. "I thought that when I did that I was just seeing something or maybe going loony..." Enola proceeded to grow a yellow flower, a buttercup out of her hand. Enola and Hagrid shared a sort of... moment. A moment of mutual magic, of this mutual hidden world. This scene may have appeared strange to an onlooker, and there was one. "You freak!" Someone screamed. "What?" Enola whipped around to see none other than her best friend, Violet watching them. The flower in her hand shriveled. "I knew you were a freak from the moment I met you. I should've trusted my mom when she said I should stay away from you... you... witch!" "Violet I-" Tears glistened in Enola's eyes. "Don't ever talk to me again!" "Please just listen-" Enola tried to grab Violet's hand but she quickly recoiled. "Don't touch me... freak!" Violet ran off. "Best friends?" Enola whispered. But she knew it was too late. 1 week later "All yeh need to do is just run straight in between platform nine and platform ten. Yer gonna be fine." Hagrid said beaming. Many feelings mixed around in Enola's stomach. Panic, dread, fear... she didn't quite know how to feel. "Just... straight into it?" "Yep. Yeh got this." Hagrid beamed at her. So then Violet proceeded to run, run straight into what seemed like a wall. A lot had happened in the last week. Her best friend called her a freak, her mom didn't even seem to care that Enola was to be gone for a year, no explanation, and she had gotten her real taste of the wizarding world. She had picked out a wand and a cauldron, putting on a fake smile for Hagrid. She just felt like a piece of her was... missing. She couldn't explain it. Whoosh! She was now on Platform 9 3/4. It took her breath away. It was even bigger than in the movies. Happy tears came to her eyes. This is it, she thought. I am a witch. The train blew its whistle. "Well, yeh best be on yer way." Hagrid said, looking down on her with sad eyes. "Yes. Well." Enola looked up at her. "Hagrid, you're not nearly as clumsy as most people think you are, in fact you are rather graceful. I hope you have a nice life and I hope I can see you at Hogwarts, Hagrid. You're quite nice." "Good bye. I think yer pretty great, too." Hagrid was obviously trying not to cry. "Good bye." Also trying not to cry, Enola turned on her heel and stepped on the train, and stepped on what seemed like a new chapter of life. That new chapter wasn't going so well. Enola sat in her compartment alone wondering if her name had something to do with it. After all, Enola spelled backwards is alone. Shouldn't she be good at being by herself? She sighed. Violet would've understood. She heard a noise and someone was sliding open her compartment door. It was a mousy boy with black hair and dark eyes. "Can I sit here?" Asked the boy. "Sure." She said reluctantly. "I'm Trevor. Trevor Cecil." "I'm Enola. Enola Finch." There was a silence. "Sorry, I'm not very good at making conversation." He squeaked. "Don't worry, me too." Enola smiled. "You're very pretty, by the way." "Oh, um, thanks?" Enola blushed. Maybe their mutual awkwardness could be something to bond over. Maybe it was time for Enola to let go of Violet and move on. Maybe, Hogwarts could be a new chapter of her life. The great hall was huge! She was terrified., to put it lightly. All those new faces terrified her. On the train, she and Trevor became quick friends. But his quivering face did nothing to reassure her as they stepped into the great hall. The sorting hat lay on its stool. It sang its song, which she as a true Harry Potter fan had memorized. It sorted student after student into the different houses. The hat sorted person, after person. "With the craziest head I ever saw, this one's fit for Ravenclaw!" "She may look tough, but this one's meant for Hufflepuff." "I see an ambitious grin, this one's to be in Slytherin!" "With bravery and much more, he's definitely a Gryffindor!" Her palms were sweaty and she hadn't the faintest idea what house she wanted to be in or anything... What if she ended up in the wrong house? What then? "Enola Finch?" Oh god. That was her. Sweating immensely with butterflies in her stomach, she went over to the sorting hat. She snuck one last glance at Trevor and the she felt the sorting hat placed on her head and her head was spinning and god oh god she was terrified. "Ahh..." Said the sorting hat. "This one's a tricky one. She's very kind, but her heart holds too many grudges to be in Hufflepuff. Ambitious, but not ambitious enough to be in Slytherin. She's plenty brave and plenty smart... hm... it seems