This is Fanfiction that I almost certainly shouldn't be writing. My plan was to get all of the ones I had started up to scratch and finished with, but then this happened, one of those, sudden ideas things. It's nothing amazingly original, but it's something akin to a more up-to-date version of my old story, Save me, a different look at the circumstances which started that fic for me back then! ^_^ Obviously, disclaimer, characters not mine, non-profit, story is mine, no stealy, the usual, you know how it goes. No this is not entirely accurate to the books, yes it is my interpretation so no prodding the author if it's not exactly what you like~ Anyway! Here we go, I hope it's worth the time you spend reading it~! The Many Paths of Emotion Chapter one - The Path of Conviction. The day had dawned fairly bright, but grey. It was still morning, and early morning at that. At this point Aragorn could not help but conclude that there was still the potential opportunity for the day to come truly alive and awaken into sunshine and birdsong, but he would not hold his breath. It was not a truly warm morning, though there were noticeably few of them these days. Summer had slipped away from them after a season of bright sunny glory and the air was slightly chill now as it brushed over the human's uncovered arms. Was this really how everything was going to end? Legolas had not even met his eye for the past two days, so he could only imagine that that was exactly what the blonde haired prince had resigned himself to enduring. That he had concluded that this would be the end of the days of the fellowship, and their companionship. The man destined to be the King of men was dressed simply today. Warmly woven black trousers hugged his hips while his strong chest was clad in a simple tunic top fashioned of heavy brown fabric, it was designed to be worn over a thin shirt, but for now his arms were bare, it had not been long since he had arisen from his night's sleep, he had pulled on his boots as he had intended to step outside and walk until sunrise, but he had paused, he suddenly felt no desire to be outside. For the moment they were residing in Rivendell. It had been a peaceful interlude after what hadn't been, but certainly felt like a life of suffering and hardship. The Elven home was truly beautiful, even in autumn there were flowers blooming, and the golden tint to the leaves if possible made everything even more majestic and elegant. The season where nature was bedecked out in the colours of royalty was setting in well and truly, if he didn't leave soon it would be Winter once again before he could make his way to Gondor... he had delayed his departure by quite a number of days already, the bubbling feelings of uncertainty that he would never have admitted to would soon have to be ignored, he would be leaving today, and behind him he would leave a different life, a great many people that he was uncertain if he would ever really find the time to see again, and of course a whole messy tangle of emotions. They had once seemed so smooth, so sensible and as if they made sense, but now the path through them was as elusive as they steps that took your through the swamps to Mordor. He was certain for one that he could make little to no sense out of them himself, if he could, well, they wouldn't be parting company in such a strained manner, would they? Together with their friends they had faced hell, and they were still here, still standing proud, there had been losses, of course there had, but they had bourn them, and continued to fight in the honour of their lost companions, and in the belief that it would be seeing out the wishes they had had when they stilled lived and breathed on Middle Earth. They had walked through fire; they had challenged their enemies without hesitation, facing up more than once against insurmountable odds. After everything they'd been through, every trial, tribulation, loss and victory... after all of the fighting, after clinging on to life, to existence with tooth and nail, were they really about to simply let go of everything and go their separate ways? The longer the long lived man stood and thought about it, the more it seemed like such a stupid notion, but honestly it wasn't a one sided abandonment of feelings on the part of the elven prince. He was just as much to blame himself, and he could hold no resentment for the man he was soon to walk away from, and be left by in return. There had ever seemed to be something between them, they could smile together, they could laugh, hours could be passed in absent conversation of thoughts and opinions of all things pertaining to their world. They both had a deep appreciation for the gifts and beauty of nature, and they seemed at ease in each other's company. It had been a closeness that he hadn't really noticed forming, but whenever they were apart he could sense that he actually missed the blonde haired prince, he enjoyed his company, of course he did, and while they had travelled together it had certainly not felt as if it would ever have a cause to come to an end. Had they ever really expected to succeed anyway? He had privately thought that probably, they were probably going fail, probably going die, probably going to lose all hope and succumb to despair... they had taken solace in the closeness they had been able to find in one another's company, and somewhere along the lines, somewhere within him, in his heart, he had given himself over to feelings which were not merely those of closeness to a friend, but a longing for something more. That something more had never been tangible, but he had felt, possibly hoped, but he believed it had not been delusion, that the feelings were returned by the man he spent so many evenings sitting close. A look with heightened intensity spoke of deep emotion, a touch to a hand drawn out by a mere second or two spoke of a longing, a want for contact. A choice to stand close spoke of trust, of belief in each other. A smile had spoken of fondness, of care, of pleasure in company. He had seen so much in how they were together, and he had truly believed that Legolas had seen the same manner of feelings, had read the same signs in their behaviours... he believed that, he still did, which is why it was so very hard to accept that everything between them being brought to such an empty end. It wasn't merely anticlimactic... it was sad. There had always been so much potential for them to be something special... something pure, something good. Yet both of them were allowing everything to slip away, as much as he would have liked to blame the blonde elf, he knew he was just as much to blame. "You are thinking again, Aragorn... you think a good deal these days..." "Arwen..." Aragorn turned on the spot, looking down the corridor from where he still stood, static in the doorway, half inside, indecisive. "I did not hear you approach." "I moved with quiet steps, I had thought to avoid disturbing you, but you looked so very low in spirits that I could not walk on without speaking..." Her elegant face was creased with worry, her full lips were turned down in a slight frown as she stepped towards the dark haired man, her hand lifting to brush against his cheek, her pale skin so starkly different to his own dark tan. "Why do you torment yourself...?" "There is no torment in my heart Arwen." He lifted a hand to catch her hand, his larger fingers curling around her long, graceful ones. "We have found peace for Middle Earth once again, there can be no grief within me..." He lifted his eyes to her face, a look of confusion touching his moment later. "You are smiling, why is that? I did not think my speech especially touched with humour..." "You are a poor liar, Aragorn, and you have trusted me too well in the past for you to be able to keep your thoughts hidden from me now... I say now as I did some days ago, you should speak with him, seek some resolution in what time is left to you both. I would be purest folly to ignore your imploring heart..." She lifted her other hand to rest over his, the expression of worry on her face deepening. "You should keep to the truth when you speak, you are far better with it, and you should also be true to who you are." A slightly saddened smile touched her lips as she looked up at him, he was such a foolish man still, for all that he was long lived. You could never fully change the foolish heart of a human man. "Arwen I am as true to myself as I have ever been." He stated, why did she speak to him of truth as if he were a child? "I know of where y life is intending I go, I know what my future is to be... a King, Arwen, a King of men. How will I ever find hours in a day, or days in a month to maintain a friendship with someone who may yet leave these shores anyway..." His tone had flickered to something slight bitter, edged with regret. He kept his eyes on the dark haired woman before him however. "He will not stay by my side, Arwen, and even should he see it in his future to do so, I could not ask it of him, just as I would not ask it of you..." He let his eyes fall, but moments later her hand finding his cheek once again had lifted them up. "I would never make you ask..." "I know you would not." "But I still say you should speak with him, I could not bear to think that you will give up all you wish for a life of mere acceptance..." She would not wish to live like that. "You are more than merely acceptable Arwen." She laughed at him then, it was a happy sound and once again she brought a confused look to his face. "Now you laugh at me? Do you mock me...?" "I do not... I do not mock you..." She was still smiling. "I thank you for deeming me more than acceptable, but you do not need to hide what you feel, I am no fool Aragorn, and I would not be treated as one." She was sensible after all, she was pragmatic, and just because the future dictated something should be, it did not mean that future was easy. She knew hers would not be bliss and romantic happiness, but she also knew she loved the man she spoke with just now, and would have him happy, rather than chained to her side. He did love her, that she could tell, but his heart was not hers alone. He was not one of her kind though, his heart had the freedom of a human to be given to whoever he wished, whenever, and as often as he wished... she did have his affection, she did have his care, but there would be nothing she could ever do with a clear conscious to take his affection all for herself, not least of all because it was a friend she was destined to share it with, she could not blame them after all,