The rhythmic, regular drips from the leaky faucet at the end of the row of sinks jerk Katniss out of her reverie. How long has she been waiting? He was supposed to be here at least 10 minutes ago, and since meeting him, Katniss knows that Peeta has never not been punctual. She checks her phone, to see if he's maybe sent her a text explaining where he is, but there's nothing. The reception is spotty up on the 18th floor, too, so if she did send him a text, there would be no guarantee of him receiving it. She slumps against the cold metal of the bathroom stall. Five more minutes, she decides. She'll give him five more minutes and then she'll— Heavy footfalls outside the bathroom door make her freeze. He's here. She immediately stands up in nervous anticipation, and straightens herself, smoothing away any wrinkles in her cardigan and flyaways from her braid. Katniss wants to duck out and give herself a once over in the mirror to make sure everything's set, but the click of the door handle stops her in her tracks. The door handle creaks as it's turned open and her stomach is in knots. They hadn't been apart for so long since they had met at the beginning of the summer. Weekends were theirs to spend together, but he had been tied up since last Thursday, playing tour guide for his father and brother as they flew up to visit him. But then she hears something that pulls her from her internal musings. The delicate click of a pair of high heeled shoes. He isn't here. Katniss deflates, slamming a little too hard into the stall door in her disappointment. The woman froze for a moment before making her way to a stall across from Katniss's to do her business. Where in the world is he? He would've told her if something came up. He wouldn't have left her hanging, alone, in the 18th floor bathroom that nobody ever used. Especially since he's leaving in four days. Sigh. Outside the stall, the woman was drying her hands and making her way to the door, when Katniss hears him. "Oh! I'm sorry," Peeta says, apologetically. "I was in a rush. Didn't realize the bathrooms on this floor are flipped, haha." His voice is oddly thin and high, and she can hear the sheepishness in it. The woman, to her credit, pays him no mind. "That's alright," she replies breezily. "I've made the same mistake." And the woman click-clacks her way away from the bathroom. Peeta, to seem less suspicious, she supposes, walks towards the men's bathroom across the hall, before scurrying back into the women's bathroom. "Katniss?" he calls softly. Katniss takes a deep breath, and smooths herself down one last time before unlatching the lock and pushing the stall door open, gesturing for him to enter. Peeta pushes his way into the stall before locking it behind him. He's wearing his glasses today, she notes, and she loves how the thick, square frames accentuate the line of his jaw and make his blue eyes look even bluer. "We should find a new rendezvous point, huh?" he asks, quirking an eyebrow. She smiles slightly before nodding. "This one clearly isn't safe anymore," she agrees, looking down at their shoes. "But then again, does it matter? We're both leaving soon," she laments, her voice catching a bit. Peeta's smile slips a little bit, before bringing his hand up to cup her cheek. She involuntarily leans into his warm touch and her eyes slip shut. "Hey," he starts softly, and she opens her eyes to look into his bright ones, still so brilliant even under the flickering fluorescent lighting. "I'm sorry I was late," he apologizes, wrapping his free arm around her waist and drawing her even closer. "Portia talked my ear off about this project we're working on, even though I told her a million times I had somewhere to be. She wasn't having it, though. I'm afraid she'll implode once I leave for good," he jokes weakly. Katniss buries her face into his strong, solid chest before pulling away to look at him directly. "It's okay," she says softly. "You're here now." Peeta's eyes darken a shade before bringing his hand back up to her face. His thumb rubs small circles over the apple of her cheek, and he lifts her face to meet his lips. She sighs upon the first contact, reveling in the jolt of electricity she always feels whenever he kisses her. Her arms come up to snake around his neck, pulling him closer to her, as though she can't get close enough. Her tongue slides against the seam of his lips before pushing her way through to meet his own. Peeta groans into her mouth, before gathering her up against body. She wraps her legs around his waist as he pushes her against the stall door, the fixture shaking with the force of their passion. Katniss breaks away for a moment, her chest heaving with exertion and face flushed with want. Peeta doesn't seem to mind, as he begins trailing his lips against her jaw, her neck, before sucking on her earlobe, his hands wandering from her waist up to the sides of her breasts, while grinding his hips into hers. He's always so good to her. And she doesn't know how she'll deal once he leaves her. "How much," she starts, her voice hoarse from the heavy breathing. Peeta doesn't seem to hear her, as he continues to kiss the sides of her face, his hands pushed up under her shirt and trailing down her bare sides. "How much time do we have?" she asks, her voice a near whisper. His eyes darken imperceptibly, before glancing down at his wrist. "Like twenty-five minutes," he informs her, his gaze drifting down to her lips once again. "Do you want—" "Please," she interrupts, her eyes shining with a want and need. All for him. He blinks for a moment, before surging her down to meet his lips again. His movements are wild, frantic with lust and the knowledge that they, once again, could be caught by someone else. Despite the frenzy, his touches are sensual and sweet, and she can feel how much he wants her with every shallow thrust of his hips into her own. She wore a skirt today, and his hands creep up under her bare thighs, gripping gently, before bringing her down harder against him. Katniss moans before biting her lip to stifle the sounds she's making. It was just too difficult to keep quiet when she was with him. His hands trail into the waistband of her underwear, sliding sinuously against her skin. Her eyes fly open for a moment in a panic, hoping that she didn't wear a ratty pair today, but her worries are quickly squelched as he brings his hand down her front, touching her where she needs it the most. Peeta groans, his hand slipping through her wet heat, before bringing his other hand down to tug at her panties. He lets them slip to the floor, before setting her down a moment to undo his own pants. He's unzipped the zipper halfway before he freezes. "Katniss," he groans out. "I didn't bring my wallet with me. I don't have a condom on me," he bites out, before closing his eyes and leaning his head backward against the stall wall. Katniss blinks for a moment before gathering his face in her hands. "Hey," she starts. "It's fine. I get a shot so…it should be okay. Are you okay with it?" She almost can't believe what she's saying to him, a boy she's known all of two and a half months, she needs him so much that she would do anything to have him back inside her. He almost knocks his glasses off in his enthusiasm as he kisses her again. He has her legs wrapped around his waist once more, his jeans and boxers in a puddle at his ankles. "I'm always okay with it. I'm always okay with anything you want," he mumbles against her mouth, before sliding into her with one full thrust. They both gasp at the contact, at finally being together again, even though it had only been a few days. They don't last long. The days of anticipation, the thrill of potentially being caught, and the blazing inferno within them don't allow for them to take their time. But they don't mind. He pounds into her relentlessly, his fingers rubbing expert tiny circles over her clit. She moans a little too loudly, and beckons for him to kiss her, which he does enthusiastically. Her braid's come undone, her face sweaty and splotchy with want, but she doesn't mind, as she's almost there. Her breath's begun to come in short, broken gasps and he doesn't let up, kissing her fiercely and driving into her with a near desperation. Katniss cries out, finally, the pleasure rolling through her body in undulating waves, and Peeta follows her quickly, spilling himself into her with a broken gasp, and kissing her sweetly as their breathing starts to slow. She sets herself back down on the ground and begins to straighten herself out, reaching for a wad of toilet paper to clean up some of the mess they've made. Peeta just stares at her, pants still around his ankles, and she flushes immediately. "What?" she bites. "You're perfect," he breathes. He helps her clean up a bit, before pulling up his own clothes and straightening himself out. He looks at his wristwatch again before breaking out into a brilliant grin. "And with seven minutes to spare," he beams, offering his hand up for a high five, which she returns with a smirk. Katniss unlocks the stall door and they walk out, washing their hands and glancing at their appearances in the mirror to make sure they're decent. She's redoing her braid when Peeta comes up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist and burying his face in the crook of her neck, breathing her in. She sinks back into his touch momentarily, before pulling away. "When does your flight leave?" she asks, her voice soft and distant. His face falls a moment before he draws her back into him. "Thursday morning," he replies. "Really early." Peeta's internship was ending this week, as his semester school started earlier than her quarter one. She had another week left on the job. "Ah," she says against his shoulder, and his grip on her tightens. "Will you come over after work Wednesday? We can go out for dinner and then maybe you can help me pack up or something…" he trails off, without looking her in the eye, as if he's afraid she'll say no. Funny. He should know by now that she can't deny him anything. "Of course," she says softly, and his resulting smile makes her heart stutter in her chest. He leans down to kiss her once more, softly and sweetly, not insistent or pushy, as if they have all the time in the world. He breaks it off much too quickly, and she groans almost silently at the loss of contact. "I'll leave first, okay?" he says. "I feel like the afternoon's gonna be kind of slow, since we did a lot this morning…I'll ping you if you aren't busy?" he asks, and she nods with agreement. He smiles at her one last time, straightening down the front of his red Oxford shirt and dark jeans before he walks out the bathroom door, leaving her alone. She gazes at her reflection the mirror, before splashing water on her face to quell the flush that's crept its way up her body, but it's moot. How could she let herself get like this? How could she be so head over heelsfor a boy she barely knew? A boy who would be leaving her in