She's going to kill Madge when she gets back in the fall. When Katniss's roommate told her that she found the perfect person to sublet her room over the summer while Madge was abroad, she wasn't expecting this. "Peeta's so tidy and a great cook," Madge raved to her during their weekly wine night. A fellow student in Madge's graduate art history program who was stuck between leases, this Peeta seemed to be the perfect roommate. She'd be damned before she was stuck spending with the summer with some rowdy undergrad, so she agreed to use them as her subletter over the summer. She just wishes Madge told her that Peeta was a guy. A really, really good-looking guy. In her defense, Peeta was kind of a feminine name. And nearly all of the friends Madge brought round their place for study sessions were girls. He doesn't look like he's an axe murderer or anything, with his blond curls and shining blue eyes that even his glasses couldn't obscure. And Madge generally is a good judge of character. She just has to keep her guard up. "Rent's $650, utilities are $60. The key opens both the back and front doors, the laundry room's across the hall, and we only have one bathroom, so try and keep it tidy," she says to him as he brings the last of his things up the narrow staircase to their second floor apartment. He nods, his biceps flexing in his tight blue t-shirt as he sets a medium sized box on the floor. "Thanks for letting me stay, Katniss," he says earnestly, before pulling his glasses off the bridge of his nose to clean the lenses with the hem of his shirt. She pretends not to notice when it rides up, exposing a sliver of his flat stomach. "No problem," she mumbles, face flushing. "Let me know if you need anything," she says, before pushing past him to rush into her room. It's going to be a long summer. Peeta, she realizes, is much tidier than she or Madge ever would be. He never leaves his things out in the bathroom, his shaving supplies and shower necessities aligned perfectly against the ledge, his toothbrush never straying from it's designated place in the holder. He cleans up after himself in the kitchen, putting dishes into the dishwasher immediately after they're used, and even puts things away if she leaves them out. And he's incredibly easy to live with. He's sitting at the breakfast bar one morning, munching away at a muffin he's baked (another thing Madge neglected to mention: he baked. Amazingly), when she stumbles into the kitchen, harried and rushing because her alarm didn't go off. He greets her kindly, to which she grunts out a 'morning' in return. She rummages through the cupboard, looking for her damn breakfast bars when she realizes she's run out. "Fuck," she mumbles. She really doesn't have time to make anything, but she really hates to skip out on breakfast. It always makes her grumpier than usual. She's about to stride out of the kitchen, ready to pull her shoes on and run out when he grips her elbow. "Hey," he says amusedly, and before she can glare at him, he offers her a muffin. She looks at him for a moment, before looking down at the muffin again. "I can't exactly eat these all myself," he says lightly, his blue eyes twinkling. Katniss softens a bit, mumbling out a quick thanks, before grabbing the muffin from his hand and running out the door. She pretends not to notice the little jolt she felt when her fingers brushed his. After the muffin episode, they become friends of sorts. Peeta tells her about the research he's doing for the department chair, and she's actually interested when he raves to her about the work he's doing (which she never pretended to be with Madge). Likewise, he listens with rapt attention when she tells him about urban revitalization project she's been working on with the city aldermen. They eat dinner together most nights, which she enjoys, and even spend time together on the weekends. She still has to hide in her room when she sees him come out of the bathroom after a shower, though. They're sitting on the couch, their eight-pack of beer depleted before Peeta announces he's turning in for the night. He bids her a goodnight, his eyes crinkling with his smile even with his slight drunkenness, before stumbling back to his room for the night. Katniss watches him as he walks down the hall, her eyes growing heavy as he makes his way into the room, before settling closed. It's still dark outside when she jerks awake sometime later, rubbing her neck from the crick she got from falling asleep in an uncomfortable position, before getting up to go to bed. Her normally light footsteps are heavy with her inebriation, but she still hears it when she passes by his room. The door is open just a crack, but it's enough so that she can hear it. Hear him, inside, moaning and grunting, and she instantly feels herself sober up. His breaths are short and gasping, and she can almost see him in her mind's eye, leaning against the headboard and stroking, touching, jacking himself to completion. She leans against his doorframe, her blood thrumming in her body and her core beginning to ache, her own breathing growing heavy as she hears him do that. She doesn't, however, expect for her name to be mixed in with his groans and breathless gasps when he comes. And she only hopes that he's asleep when she gets herself off later, after she's locked her bedroom door, so he can't hear her moan out his. The mortification begins to set in after she's come, laying in her bed, her chest heaving with heavy breaths as her body relaxes from being wound so tight. What. Has. She. Done. Katniss immediately shoots up, her movement so sudden it causes her bed to jerk back into the wall behind her. The wall she shares with Peeta. Who she accidentally caught touching himself, touching himself apparently to thoughts of her , causing her body to strum so badly with a need that she made herself come harder than she had in months. How is she supposed to be able to look him in the eye now? Their friendship provided her with a much needed sense of companionship, with her sister still in their hometown hundreds of miles away and her few friends away for the summer, and as much as she was loath to admit it, knowing that she could come home after a long day at work and being able to hang out with him made her days just a little bit better. And now it was all ruined. Because she couldn't just stay asleep on the damn couch, and he didn't know how to close a door properly or keep it fucking down with his low groans and gasping breaths and the way he mumbled her name with his husky, strained voice before he reached his climax. And because she didn't have any self-control and couldn't help herself from bolting to her room, stripping down, and rubbing herself to thoughts of what he looked like while he was doing that with his voice moaning her name on repeat in her head until she came. It would be a long month until he moved out and her nightmare was over. She wakes up much later than usual the next morning. Even on weekends, she wakes up earlier than most people, as if her weekday waking schedule was hardwired into her brain, but her phone's bright screen flashes back 10:24 am. She drags herself out of bed and stretches, peering around her messy room and making mental notes of everything she needs to clean up before Monday rolls around, before throwing on her robe so she can go take a shower. Her reflection is almost frightful when she looks at herself in the bathroom mirror. Black smudges from the light eye makeup she habitually wears whenever she has an important meeting at work circle her grey eyes. Her hair is spilling out of her braid, and there's dried drool at the corner of her mouth. But despite looking an absolute mess, her eyes are brighter than they normally are, clear and open and almost shining . Probably because you came harder since you have in forever. She flushes at her own uncharacteristically lewd thought as she turns the shower on, allowing the tiny bathroom to fill with steam. It really wasn't that nice of an orgasm. But when she thinks back on how she felt last night, she immediately calls her own bluff. It isn't as if she'd never come before, she thinks, lathering her hair shampoo. She was a red-blooded, twenty-something year old woman dammit. She'd had boyfriends (in the loosest sense, mostly guys who she'd gone out with only a few times, always coming up with one excuse or another to stop seeing them when she realized she didn't really care for any of them), had been getting herself off with her hands since she was a teenager, and even had a vibrator she broke out for special occasions, despite how frigid Madge teased her about being. It really wasn't that big of a deal. But of course, she'd never overheard an incredibly attractive, kind, male roommate jerk himself off to thoughts of her before. Her hazy memories of the night before and the steam of the bathroom cause her to knock a few bottles off the window ledge in the shower, sending them tumbling to the ground. She huffs, because she's acting stupid , and bends to pick up the bottles when a crisp, clean scent permeates her senses. Peeta's shampoo, a little of which has spilled onto the shower floor. Peeta's shampoo, the scent of which clings to him all day. Peeta, with his blue eyes, so blue that his glasses can't even hide the strength of their hue. Peeta, and strong arms that his t-shirts don't always totally contain. Peeta, the incredibly attractive man renting out her roommate's bedroom for the summer, whose voice made her clench her thighs together and caused heat to pool between her legs, especially when said voice was brokenly gasping her name in the throes of passion. Her legs wobbled a little bit as she tried to forget, but she couldn't even pretend like she wasn't affected. Good thing the previous tenants installed a massaging showerhead. Katniss emerges from the shower much later, and using a lot more water than she normally liked to. The door to Peeta's room is slightly ajar as she walks by to her own bedroom, and she pokes her head in, only to find it empty. There isn't any noise coming from the living room or kitchen, so he has to be out. That has good. The less time she has to spend with him, the better, lest she do something she regret. Like tell him that she heard him. Or that she liked it. She dresses quickly, throwing on a pair of old sweatpants and a t-shirt from a college club, before stripping her bed and throwing her dirty sheets, as well as the other dirty clothes she's accumulated over the course of the week, into the hamper at the foot of her bed. Since beginning to spend more time hanging out with Peeta, she had been neglecting doing the chores she was normally on top of, and her room was messier than she normally liked. The sudden rumble of her stomach stops her in her tracks. She hasn't eaten a full meal since yesterday's lunch, and pads to the kitchen to prepare herself something. She swings the fridge open the moment the key turns in the lock. Fuck. She doesn't have enough time to dive into her