Welcome, welcome to my very first fanfiction! Thanks so much to the absolutely lovely misshoneywell and nmoreblack for their indispensible help in betaing/prereading this story for me. This story is rated M for language, innuendo, and (eventual) sexual situations. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games is the intellectual property of Suzanne Collins and Lionsgate Entertainment. I don't own anything. "Please don't tell Coach Brutus, Ms. Everdeen! I can't be failing, I'm going to be kicked off the team!" the hulking boy in front of her wailed. Katniss had never seen the boy in such a state; he was a troublemaker who swaggered around the school as though he owned it. To see him cowering near tears was more than disconcerting to her. She sighed, feeling a headache coming on. "Listen, Cato, I'm sorry, but you know the rules about late assignments. I assigned this project three weeks ago, too. You had more than enough time to complete it." "I know and I'm really sorry, but please let me turn it in late! The coaches from the high school are coming at the beginning of next week and I have to be at practice! They could put me on varsity! Do you know how big of a deal it is to be on varsity as a freshman ?! I promise I'll bring the project first thing tomorrow morning, plus I'll do a bibliography and everything. Pleeeeease, Ms. Everdeen!" he begged. He was openly weeping at that point, and as irritated as Katniss was, she wasn't totally cold-hearted. She could tell that the possibility of making varsity was incredibly important to him, probably the one thing he had been working toward the entirety of his middle school career. She pondered his suggestion for a moment, and then made her decision. "Okay, Cato—" she was cut off by his sobs growing louder. "Cato—" she tried again. "CATO!" His wails ceased immediately, and he regarded her with watery blue eyes. "Y-yes, Ms. Everdeen?" "Listen to me, and listen to me carefully, okay? I'll let you turn the project in tomorrow—" she was cut off by him again, this time by his loud whoop of joy. "Yessss, thank you, thank you, thank you, Ms. Everdeen!" he shouted, coming around her desk to give her a big hug of gratitude, lifting her up in the process. She struggled in his arms, cheeks flushed. "Cato, put me down immediately!" she said, sternly. He acquiesced, placing her back in her seat. His bright blue eyes looked at her with childish hope, and she realized that she had done the right thing. He's only a kid , she thought. I don't want to ruin his life just yet. "Okay, like I said, I'll let you turn in the heritage project tomorrow, but you can only get up to 70% on it. It wouldn't be fair to the students who turned it in on time if you're allowed to get full points after turning it in late. If you do a full bibliography, I'll add the points from that to your participation grade. I realize that making varsity is important to you, but I want you to understand that this is the last time I'll allow you to turn something in late, all right? You must learn to be responsible for your schoolwork. The teachers in high school are going to be a lot less lenient than here in eighth grade. Got it?" He nodded rapidly, a huge smile threatening to break his face in half. "Thank you so much, Ms. Everdeen! You won't regret it!" She couldn't help but return his smile. "Okay, Cato. I want the project first thing tomorrow morning. Don't forget, all right? Have a good afternoon." He beamed at her, cheeks dry and eyes bright. "Thanks again, Ms. Everdeen. You don't know how much this means to me. I'll see you tomorrow morning!" She smiled at his back as he exited the classroom, ready to go home. "God, what a long day," she muttered. She laid her head down on her desk for just a moment, running through all the things she had to do tonight. Laundry, grocery shopping...I probably have to get more food for that damn cat while I'm at it. Plus, I need to start grading these projects too, ugh! She let out a loud groan, wanting nothing more than to just jump in her bed with takeout and trashy reality TV. She got up with a sigh and was collecting her things to go home when she heard a sharp knock on the classroom door. "Ugh, what now?" she mumbled, turning around exasperatedly. "Rough day, huh?" Madge asked sympathetically. "Was Cato Anderson just in here? I saw him doing a jig down the hallway. What did you do to make him so happy?" "I told him I'd accept his heritage project late," she replied tiredly. "He was crying his eyes out, begging me not to tell his coach. Apparently, the coaches from the high school are coming next week and making the varsity team is, like, the most important thing to him. I felt bad, I don't want to ruin his life just yet." "Aww, you're so soft, Katniss!" Madge teased. "Katniss Everdeen, champion for slacker student athletes everywhere!" "Shut up, Madge," Katniss replied with a smirk. "How were your afternoon classes?" "Pretty uneventful, the kids had a test today so I didn't have to do much. I mostly just replayed lunch with Gale in my head. He certainly made a meal out of me," she said wistfully, a dreamy look on her face. "Okay, enough. You guys are the worst with over sharing. I don't need to hear about your sex life 24/7," Katniss replied with mock annoyance. In reality, she was glad that her two best friends were so happy with each other. Ever since they were kids, Madge had had a thing for Gale, and Katniss was only too happy that Gale had finally wised up and asked her out four years prior. They were happily married now, having celebrated their sixth month wedding anniversary over the Christmas holidays. "You love it," Madge said with a snort. "Hey, do you wanna come over for dinner? Gale's grilling." "Not today," Katniss sighed. "I'd love to, but I've got so much shit to do tonight it isn't even funny. Hey, do you mind helping me carry these projects to my car?" She pointed to the small pile in the corner of the classroom. Madge nodded. "Damn, these kids really go all out, don't they?" "They love this project. It's a lot more fun than writing an essay, I guess." "Yeah, for sure. You have everything? Ready to go?" Katniss glanced over the classroom one last time, confirming that she had everything she needed for the night. "Yeah, let's go." They departed the classroom together, and Katniss locked the door behind them. Madge prattled on happily during their walk to the parking lot, with Katniss offering a cursory grunt in response every now and then. She felt bad for ignoring her friend, but she could only think about how utterly exhausted she was. Work had been hitting her even harder than usual post-Christmas. Her students had been more distracted than normal. And it had been so damn cold ; the draconian superintendents had refused to cancel classes on several subzero days, much to the misery of students and teachers alike. All she wanted to do was sleep . Maybe I should take the day off tomorrow , she thought. A three-day weekend might be nice. Once she and Madge reached their cars, she fumbled in her purse to pull out her keys, precariously balancing the pile of projects in her other hand. Once the door was open, she shoved the projects into the backseat and all but fell into the driver's seat. "Hey Katniss, are you okay?" Madge questioned worriedly. "You look so exhausted…maybe you should take the day off tomorrow and call a sub. I can bring you Cato's project tomorrow afternoon and get the stuff from your mailbox. I don't mind." Katniss smiled at her friend tiredly. "Thanks, Madge. I was actually thinking about it. I probably should take a breather tomorrow. I had a movie scheduled for the kids on Monday anyway, I can probably just move it up." "No problem, girl. I hope you feel better! I'll see how you're doing tomorrow afternoon. Maybe we should make some plans this weekend, just you and me. To defuse," Madge said with a grin. "Sounds great. Thanks again, Madge. I'll see you tomorrow." Katniss pulled out of the parking lot with a wave, thankful that Madge understood where she was coming from. If she were being truthful with herself, she had been in a funk ever since Christmas break ended. Prim had left to do her fieldwork at the beginning of January and would be abroad until May, so their apartment felt empty and quiet all the time. Madge and Gale were still in the honeymoon stage of their marriage, totally enamored with each other, and she didn't want to pester them with her loneliness during their happy time. Johanna, her roommate from graduate school and her closest friend after Gale and Madge, lived across the state so Katniss didn't see her on a regular basis. As she drove home, she began to think more. Ugh, this is pathetic , she lamented to herself. She was just so lonely . She missed her sister, she missed having a life outside work, she missed being with a man. Wait, what the fuck? She slammed on the brake, shocked that the stray thought had entered her mind. Well, you do. Don't beat around the bush. She sighed, turning the corner into her apartment complex. She parked her car in her designated spot, and rested her head on the steering wheel in exhaustion. She did miss being with a man. She missed being in a relationship. She hadn't seriously dated anyone since her disastrous break-up with Darius two and a half years earlier. She met the jovial, handsome redhead in a graduate seminar during the first year of her master's program. He was sweet, gentle, and absolutely adored her. She enjoyed his companionship and loved how he was in bed, but wasn't actually in love him. Unfortunately, much to her dismay, he was head over heels for her, and asked her to marry him two months before her 26th birthday and their graduation. She was completely blindsided by his proposal; she never thought he felt so seriously about her. Turning him down was hard, because she really did care about him. She didn't want to hurt his feelings, but she also didn't want to sacrifice her own principles by giving into his proposal. Darius took the rejection hard, but thankfully remained cordial until graduation, after which he took a job across the country at some hoity-toity boarding school. Katniss had dated a couple guys here and there, but didn't really care for any of them in particular. Once she began teaching at Panem Middle School the year before, though, she had been swamped with work, effectively putting her social and dating life on the backburner. She loved teaching social studies to her eighth grade pupils, but sometimes they were a lot. She forgot what it was like to just relax. Pull yourself together, Everdeen, she chastised herself. You can mope around after you go grocery shopping. She pulled herself out of the car, gathering the small mountain of projects into her arms, and pulled out the key to her apartment. She trudged up the steps of her apartment building, and opened the front door. Upon entering, a flash of orange fur collided into her shins, almost making her lose her balance. "Damn cat! I'm not Prim! She won't be back for four months, you really need to stop doing this to me." Her sister's mangy cat glared at her with beady yellow eyes, the