Raisa Azarov was never a girl for plane rides. In fact, they annoyed the shit out of her, but this ride was special. She was going to see her twin sister for the first time in a very long time. Raisa and Isabella were born on different days three hours apart from each other, Isabella being born first on September 13th at 11:00PM, and Raisa following close behind on September 14th at 2:00AM. Their parents were so happy to have them and they lived relatively normal childhoods until they were around seven. That's when everything hit the fan. Their father was imprisoned and killed in a riot and their mother dove into deep depression soon started drugs and sleeping with random men and the men took a particular interest in Isabella, her being the eldest of the two and also the frailest, which resulted in her getting molested and raped on multiple cases as a child, and Raisa getting beaten because she tried to help her sister. All of that stopped when their mother met a man by the name of Charles Swan. He was so kind to them and he eventually gained the trust of young Isabella. She saw how much her sister liked the man and she made the effort. Her sister was her main supporting factor and she wouldn't be where she was today without her, or even there at all to be honest. It was a hard blow to her when her twin sister was removed from the home and sent to live in Russia when they were children by a distant aunt . She was their father's sister. The only downside to it was that the aunt refused to take Isabella. Neither knew why and Raisa had begged for the two to be taken together, but after much convincing, namely Isabella begging her to go so that she wouldn't have to live with their mother, she finally went. Life dealt them a cruel hand when their mother killed herself, leaving Isabella all alone and she was saved by Charlie. Charlie, along with his ex-wife, Renee, took young Isabella in. He cared for her like she was his own daughter, and she loved him for it, secretly goining Raisa's praise. She was forbidden by her aunt to have any contact with her sister, resilting in her last name being changed, something which hurt her so much. She couldn't protect her and it proved to make her a very bitter little girl. By the time she was eighteen, she was a cold and heartless individual, but today, she had a rare smile on her face. She was going to see her sister as a surprise. She hadn't even told Charlie. No one knew but a girl that she had become pen pals with by the name of Angela. She knew all along that she was Isabella's best friend, and together, the two set up the reunion. Angela was bringing Isabella to the Seattle airport to "get her great-aunt". As she exited the terminal, she spotted her sister immediately. She was with Angela and a large group of people. Her sister had grown into a beautiful woman, her brown hair flowing down her back and her chocolate eyes shining. Her skin was creamy and she was very slender. She was already preparing herself for the tongue lashing she had planned to give her sister. The men looked around and she pulled her luggage behind her and stopped a fair distance away, waiting for them to notice. During that time, she observed the people with her. There were about seven large men there accompanied by a woman who was too beautiful to seem real, all looking as if they were moderately related, their similar traits being large muscular builds, square jaws, black hair, and olive skin. Along with them stood some beautiful people. One was a man with a lean build and bronze hair, which was very unkempt, making her want to fix it. He wore a thin tee shirt with dark pants and tennis shoes. He was scowling, which let her know that he didn't want to be there. As a matter of fact, the only ones that seemed happy were Alice and Angela. Next to him stood a small woman with a video camera. from her physical standing, she could tell that this was Alice Cullen, Isabella's best friend, and the man must be her boyfriend, Edward Cullen. She felt something off about them all, but decided to leave it alone for the time being. As she sat, she saw the Alice girl turn towards her and turn on her camera. Angela tapped on Isabella's shoulder and said something, causing her to turn around and freeze. In an instant, tears were running down her face and she sunk to her knees. Just the sight almost made Raisa she a tear or men looked at her to her and some of them looked with surprised faces, wondering who the hell she was. Isabella made it to her feet and ran full speed to her sister, surprisingly not falling. The two embraced each other fiercely, people clapping around them. They didn't know what was going on, but it seemed happy. Raisa went to extensively checking her sister, making sure she was alright, retracting her hand when it came in contact with her sister's hand. When she saw her eyes widen, her suspicions were proven correct. " Pot să mă mai înțeleg i ?" Bella nodded and looked to her younger sister. Looking around, she sighed and noticed that everyone was staring at them. " Plimbare cu mine. Voi discuta totul ." Bella nodded and pulled her sister over to the large crowd. "Angela, I can't believe you did this for me." Bella said as she hugged her best friend tightly. "I mean, it was a crazy coincidence. I signed up for the Pen Pal program and there she was. It took six months until we finally made the connection. I would've never guessed because the two of you are obviously paternal siblings." Raisa smiled. Truely, the two looked nothing alike, aside from the similar birthmarks that the two shared. Raisa was short and curvy where Isabella was tall and slender. Her skin was a bronze where her sister's was creamy and pale. She had a head of red hair, where her sister had beautiful chocolate waves. Her eyes were shockingly blue where her sister's were a chocolate. It was true that she stood out when they were children, but the kids always picked on Bella, resulting in her being a feared person in the neighborhood, no one bothering her sister when she was around. Isabella pointed everyone out, her getting the names of the large people. At first she met Jacob Black. She smiled to him, but he looked away. After that, she met Embry, Quil, Leah, Sam, Jared, and Seth. None of them seemed happy to see her. She didn't let that discourage her. "Well, hello. It's nice to meet new people." she said. "But if it's not an inconvenience, I would like to go see Charl'z . I haven't seen moy papa in a very long time." Alice nodded. "Ride with me! We can completely talk about-" she was cut off. "I sincerely apologize, but I promised Izabella that we would ride together." Edward spoke up. "I'm sorry, but my car is actually full at the moment." She smiled. "You misunderstand me. Izabella is riding with me." she said, walking out before he had a chance to protest, her sister and Angela close behind. When she got outside, her car was there. She wanted a more spacious and safe vehicle, so she bought a black Land Rover Discovery 4. Grabbing her keys from the valet and tipping him, she slid in, realizing how much space she had. Looking at the others, she saw that Leah had no ride. "Excuse me," she said, rolling down the window. Leah looked up with a scowl. She didn't know why the hell the leech lover's sister was looking at her, let alone even talking to her. "Would you like to ride with us? I know you can't be comfortable in a car full of men." Leah was taken aback. No one had actually wanted to bring her along. She just wanted to go to Seattle and she was pushed in the car with Edward because Seth called her over to where he was riding. She nodded and climbed in, a little shocked that the car didn't smell like Leech. "Is everyone buckled in?" she asked as she looked in the rearview mirror. They all mumbled their replies and Bella looked at her sister from the back seat, since Leah sat in the front for more leg room. "Is there anything in particular you want to listen to? Any food you need? We can stop at a store since I need to get gas." She said, handing over her iPod to Leah, since she was in the front seat. Leah skipped to some random list and I Want to Spend my Lifetime Loving You by Marc Anthony and Tina Arena. "Oh my god this is my song." all of them said at the same time. At that, they all burst into fits of laughter. They sang along to the playlist as until they pulled up to a gas station very close to their destination so that Raisa could fill up. As she pumped, Bella went in and got snacks with her card. Raisa offered to get snacks, but she said no since she was filling up her tank. She came out with three bags overflowing with things and put them in the car. The guys go out to stretch and use the bathroom, leaving them to go through the snacks. Most of them went to Leah, but Raisa only actually stuck with cherry limeade sparkling Arizona. When Leah and Angela said that they had to go to the bathroom, the sisters saw their chance. Before Bella could ask her, she started talking, but not in Romanian as she was used to. She chose something that was a bit more familiar to Bella's ear. They didn't take many foreign language classes in school, but Japanese was a must since they had a lot of Japanese neighbors. " [Hai] o, watashi ni shitsumon o shi ni iku mae ni. Watashi wa anata no bōifurendo ga kyūketsukidearu koto o shitte iru. Anata wa watashi ga shitte iru koto o tsutaeta baai, watashi wa kinishinai. Chārī wa mata, karera wa, kare ga jibun no gādiandearu to iu riyū dake de, kare wa fōku ni tsuita hi karadearu koto ga shira rete iru. Watashitachiha, watashi wa nani ga okotte iru ka shitte iru koto ga nandearu ka o giron suru no ni jūbun'na jikan o motte irunode, imanotokoro, watashi no adomitansu ni manzoku shite wa ikenai. Watashi wa anata ni renraku suru koto o kinji rarete kita kamo shirenaiga, watashi wa anata no tabu o iji shi, anzendearu koto o kakunin shite teishi shita koto ga nai. Korekara kuru. Karera wa, chōkaku no han'i-naideari, sarani wa watashitachi no mawari no kuruma no oto no ue ni, karera wa watashi ga anata ni hanashite iru shitte irushi, karera ga nani o shiritai. Watashitachiha-ka o ereba, watashi wa anata ga shiritai koto o oshiete kuremasuga, watashi wa anata o oshietara, jibun no sekinin de sorera o oshietekudasai. Korera wa, shitte iru to kangae, machigatta hitobito wa karera ga shitte iru koto o hakken shita baai, sore wa dare ni tottemo mendōda shite inai ." Bella looked to her sister and nodded. " Daijōbu ." With thatm she got in the car, just as Edward exited the store. He looked at Bella's sister as she got in the car and moved out of the way as they headed to the car as well. Bella's sister was different. He couldn't hear her mind either, and that bothered him. She could be