Not beta'ed People's thought Kyuubi' speaks Last time "I already told you I do not make decision without the persons involved being here and my queen Tsubaki would not want to be part of this." Sona said as Tsubaki nodded her head. "Naruto told me he is not sure if he wants to date any of you." Rias and Akeno are shocked at her words Rias frowned "Okay." "Good" Sona said "Let's go Tsubaki." Tsubaki smiled at her King as they left the room. "Phew…It's good to hear that he does not want to date us, right Akeno?" Rias blinked. "Akeno are you all right?" Akeno blinked "What did you say Bouchu?" "I'm saying it's good to know that the blonde devil will not ask us out anymore." Rias said while smirking. "Yeah right, Bouchu" Akeno said in a normal tone. Now Chapter 4 Fight and Rider "I can't believe I got the number of the hot transfer student, I should rubbed it in Kiba's face." Naruto said with a smile on his face as he walked towards the roof to get some peace and quiet before he go and get some lunch. "Yeah that's what I'll d-" "Master can you hear me?" Naruto looked around but he cannot see anybody. "Master I am speaking to you through the mark on your hands." He looked at the tattoo. "You are the cause of this?" Naruto asked. "Yes and I will explain properly when you reach the roof." Caster said from the mark. "And before you asked how I know you are coming to the roof, I have been watching you." "I don't know if I should be glad or really creped out that you are watching me." Naruto replied as he reached the roof. "Really glad!" The Kyuubi shouted. "Shut up Kurama!" Naruto shouted in his mind as he looked around but he did not see her. "Caster! Where are you?" "I am right in front of you." Caster replied as there was a flash of bright light and the Mage appeared in front of him. "I did not sense you." Naruto said in a shocked voice. "Me either." Kurama muttered. "That is because I am using a powerful magical barrier that hides my presence, Master." Caster replied. "There you go again, why are you calling me master?" Naruto asked. "I called you master because I am a spirits made by special familiars of the highest rank that are bound to the Master." Caster said as Naruto motion for her to continued. "We are summoned by the Holy Grail for the purpose of competing under Masters in the Holy Grail War." "But I did not summon you and what is a holy guild war?" Naruto asked. "I know you did not summon me master, my last master died protecting me." Caster lied as she continued. "That was when you found me so I decided to make you my master." "I see." Naruto said. "The Holy Grail War is a competition that decides the Leadership of the Holy Grail fraction through intense battle royal." Caster informed him. "The Holy Grail fraction, I never heard of it before." Naruto tells her. "You are a new devil after all so you wouldn't, so I will explain." Caster said as Naruto listen. "Magicians are a special group of humans capable of using magic which is made of two type of humans, ones who can use magic and ones who summons mages." "The ones who can use magic are called Mages while ones that are summons are called witches." Caster said as Naruto nodded his head. "The humans that can used magic divides themselves into lots of groups Nilrem, Grauzauberer, Golden Dawn, Rosenkreuzer and Hexennacht". "I never knew that." Naruto replied. "I know, the ones who can summon bond together in order to protect themselves because they are small in numbers and called themselves the Holy Grail fraction." Caster finished. "Damn it NARUTO, WE ARE IN SOME DEEP SHIT!" Kurama shouted. "Man and here I thought my life wouldn't have got any harder." Naruto said as he lean up against a wall. "Now I have mages coming after me." "Are you angry with me master?" Caster asked. "Of course I am, I could be attacked by a mage at any time!" Naruto wanted to shout but he couldn't. "Of course not, you just given me another reason to get stronger." "Really Master." Caster said as Naruto nodded his head. "One day I will tell you how I killed my pervious master." "Kukukuku, that means I get to triple your training sessions yeah!" Kurama shouted in joy. "Shit I should have told her what was on my mind." Naruto muttered. "Master, I'll helped you to get revenge on Rias and her devil team…" "What…" Naruto said but someone interrupt them. Naruto turn around to see a boy with curly blue hair which looks like seaweed and grey blue eyes. "So you're the master of Caster class servant, perfect now I have two reason to kill you!" The unknown voice said. "Who the hell are you?" Naruto shouted. "Easy Naruto, he is one of the person I told you about." The Kyuubi said. "What do you want?" Naruto glared at him. The boy smirked. "My names Shinji, orphan boy." This time Caster glared at him. "I came here for a fight." "Then bring it on." Naruto got into a fighting stances. "Silly boy I am not the one fighting hahahahah, come here rider." Shinji roared as a darkness dust appear in between them and a beautiful woman appeared. She has long purple hair with a model like figure and a lovely pair of breasts. She is wearing some kind of sleeping masked over her eyes. She is wearing a black polo neck top and blue jeans. "Damn she's hot!" Kurama roared with his tongue longing down. "So it was her power and not his that I was sensing." "Shut up I have eyes you know!" Naruto shouted with a blush. "Man why do I have to fight such a beautiful woman." Rider show no emotion at his words. "Rider don't embarrassed me and get this over with." He roared at his servant. "You know what is coming if you lose to such a weak guy and his weak servant." "Yes master." Rider really wanted to curse her master but she couldn't, he was her master after all. "Don't hurt his servant, she may be weak but could be good at sucking cock!" Caster was ready to attack as soon as her master gave her his orders. "I really hate people like you who order people around just because you can." Naruto said as his eyes turn red and the whiskers on his face became define. "People like you do not deserved someone so loyal and beautiful, if you ever touch Caster I will tear you in half!" Rider blushed at the words while Shinji was giving him a death glared. "Like you can stop me and when you lose, it will be easier to get Murayama and Katas- argh!" Shinji crashed into the wall. "That was fast?" Rider and Caster said. "You won't get the chance!" Naruto roared. "Damn it Naruto control yourself, before anybody sense you!" Kyuubi shouted. "Caster could you please create a magical barrier." Naruto said as Caster created the barrier. "I don't know anything about you Caster or how to fight with your help so I want you to do what you can." "Yes master." Caster said with a bow. "Now I get to see your fighting spirit master." *cough* "You bitch you are going to pay for not blocking him!" Shinji roared as he took out a whip and hit her across her face. "Now go and kill Uzumaki first because without a master a servant can't survive." Rider followed his order and used her tremendous speed to run at Naruto with a dagger with a chain attached. "You will not escaped!" The chain wrapped itself around Naruto. "I can't move." Naruto shouted. "HAHAHAHHAHA DIE UZUMAKI!" Shinji shouted. "Rain of Light!" Caster shouted as she fires a volley of rapidly beams of light at the rider. "Shit!" The rider shouted as she release Naruto and jumped back. "She's no ordinary m-" Naruto kicked rider in the face which sends her flying in the air. With his speed Naruto disappeared from the ground and reappeared behind her. Rider notice he was behind her and tried to attack him with her dagger again. "Got you argh!" She was hit by another light beam from Caster. Naruto delivered a spin kick that sends her crashing into the ground. *boom* "I win." Naruto said as he landed beside her and Caster in front of him preparing to attack her. "Shit even if I used my eyes I am not sure if I could activate it before she attacks me." Rider said as she got up. "Kill me I have fail my master." Shinji eyes widened at the defeat of Rider. "Get up and fight bitc-!" Shinji shouted received two powerful punch to the face that sends him crashing through the stair door. Naruto walked back to Rider. "I'm sorry Rider-san." "Wait. What?" "I'm really sorry for harming you, I'm let out my anger on someone who never had a choice." Naruto bow to her. Rider was shocked that he was apologizing to her when she was the one who attacked him. Naruto the helped her up. "Why are you helping me?" Rider asked. "We-" "You are worthless to me now!" Shinji shouted as he spit out blood along with some teeth. "Now I activate my command seal to destroy you!" "Naruto you have to stop him!" Caster shouted. Just as Shinji raised his left arms "Rider I command you to…"Suddenly Naruto caught his hand and ripped it off. "Argh!" Shinji screamed out in pain as the tattoo on his hand vanished. "Argh! No my command seal." Before he fainted from blood loss. "It worked." Caster said. "I never knew you could destroy a seal by ripping off the hand with the seal on it." Rider said. "What happen sensei?" Naruto asked. "I have no idea." The Kyuubi replied. "Well Naruto-sama before you grabbed Shinji's hand I used my magic to break her contract with him." "I see." Naruto replied. "Thank you Caster." Rider said with a smile on her as she turn to Naruto. "And thank you Naruto." As she puts out her right hand. "Naruto-" It was two late he had shook her hands. "I Rider is now yours to command." Rider said. "WHAT!" "YES!" Kyuubi shouted. "Naruto-kun." A voice yelled. Naruto turned to see none other than his friend Momo. "Don't worry Naruto she can't see us because of the barrier." Caster said. "What about that bastard?" Naruto asked as they turn around to see that he was gone. "Where is he?" "I don't know." Rider said. "Naruto are you up here!" Momo shouted. "I will talk to you girls later." Naruto said as they vanished and Naruto appeared from the sky. "Hey Momo I was just practising my flying." "What if someone sees you?" Momo asked. "Don't worry they won't." Naruto replied with a smile. "If you say so Naruto-kun." Momo said with a smile of her own. "Yes! This is my chance since Murayama and Katase is not here." "Come on lets go to the cafeteria." She grabbed his hand and drabbed him to the cafeteria. Caster and Rider appeared after they left. "Caster-san can you tell me something about Naruto-sama?" "Sure" In cafeteria Naruto and Momo made it to the cafeteria and took there usually seat at the table at the back passing Gremory group as Kiba and Koneko who was glaring at him. They took their seat and Momo took out her lunch box. Momo notice he was not taking out his lunch box. "Ah Naruto-kun where is your lunch?" "You see I woke up late and forgot it." Naruto