The Troubled with the Marriage Law Summary: When Hermione is matched by division to her best friend Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy, Blaise Zabini and two of her past loves Jason 'Jace or Jax' Santos and Seth Patterson. Let's just say it's going to be one hell of a reunion for the former flames especially since Harry and Ron had no idea about this until now… Her attempt to undo the decision reveals a long-hidden curse working the pure-blood lines. She's also determined to find a way to break the curse before the day she walks down the aisle but, what happens when the closer she gets to each of her fiancée's including her former flame where it brought memories when they were together before they broke her heart… despite how they called in to a truce before she slapped, punched and hexed both her former flames leaving her best friend Harry, Draco and Blaise to blankly stare at the girl by walking out without looking back. Of course for Jax he was... unable to move so Seth being his half-brother went after her despite how Harry wanted to go after her but, after one look well he didn't want to deal with Hermione's wrath either leaving the room in an awkward silence. Prologue [flashback back in 4th year in Hogwarts] … Hermione just recently turned 15 thanks to the time-turner back in her 3rd year … things have been extra intense between the 'Golden Trio' Harry just found himself in the middle of the tournament where he told his friends that he didn't put his name in the Goblet and didn't had a choice to participate. Of course for Hermione she believed him in an instant unlike Ron. He practically accused him for not telling him for putting his name in the Goblet which cause the boys to argue and not talk to another one for the next four months… that was until Harry survived the first task which was against a dragon and not just any dragon a horn tail dragon which nearly gave Hermione a heart attack as she kept covering her eyes against her brother's robes at the time. Hermione, her siblings, Neville and Luna are the only ones who seemed to believe Harry which he gave a thankful look unlike everyone else in Hogwarts. When Harry told Hermione that he didn't put his name in the Goblet that's when she blurted out she already knows this and once they figure out who did ... they'll work together to figure out the clues and everything. That was until Jayden, Cameron, Ariel and Aqua came into the picture. Hermione quickly explained in a rush mind you that Harry can barely understood what she said except gaping at his best friend in shock. "Honestly Harry you can't be that shocked. Do you really think I wouldn't believe you? I knew you didn't put your name in the Goblet and I'm always going to be there for you no matter what…." Hermione began to say pausing for a moment looking at her siblings raising their eyebrow at her "Speaking of secrets… we have to talk," she explained with a serious tone. "Sure Mione what is it?" Harry asked. "Well…." Hermione began to say looking at her siblings who gathered in a circle as they were sitting by the lake "I'm not an only child… I have older siblings who goes to this school," she explained. "Siblings?" Harry blurted out "I thought you were an only child?" Hermione shook her head 'no' "No… you and Ron assumed I was you just never ask me about my family when it comes with that stuff," she says with a shrug. Harry kept gaping at her like a fish leaving Hermione to snap him out of it. "HARRY JAMES POTTER SNAP OUT OF IT AND STOP GAPING AT ME LIKE A FISH?!" she snapped leaving him to shut his mouth. "Sorry Mione I'm just shocked… that's all..." Harry comments. "Are you done?" Hermione blankly stares at him leaving Harry to nod at this "Good now as I was saying I'm not an only child, I have four older brothers and two older sisters. Two of them are living in America which is in New York as an auror while my two older brothers Jayden and Cameron along with my two sisters Ariel and Aqua are currently in Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw the same ages as Ron's siblings. Zane is the same age as Bill, then there's Henry who's the same age as Charlie then there's Jayden who's the same age as Percy then there's Ariel and Aqua who are the same age as Fred and George then Cameron the youngest of my brothers a year younger then Ariel and Aqua then there's me and then my parents announced they're pregnant again only this time they're twins. Elias and baby Evangeline 'Evie' who are now 10 months old. They're going to be turning 1 years old within two months so it's not so bad. So basically I have like eight siblings altogether," she explained. Again Harry was gaping at her like a fish leaving an awkward silence. "Hey cookie you ready to go?" Jayden asked; Hermione's older brother who just happened to walk by. "Yes I'm ready to go come on Harry you're coming with me and stop gaping at me like a fish already," Hermione exclaimed. "Sorry," Harry mumbled under his breath as he was dragged by his best friend to the join Hermione's siblings at their hang out spot. "Harry this is Jay, big brother this is Harry the one I told you about and no he didn't put his name in the Goblet so you can tell your classmates to stop glaring at my best friend," Hermione growled at anyone who wants to mess with the Gryffindor princess. "I know cookie you told me this before," Jay replied. "Yes but, did you agree with those badges that they had on," Hermione narrowed her eyes at her big brother at this. "Of course not oh and before I forget Seth wanted me to give you this," Jay replied giving her a package. Hermione's eyes soften at this with a sigh "How is Seth? I heard about his mother being sick. I hope she feels better," she whispered. "She'll be fine it's just a cold but, I'll send her your regards," Jay replied. "Good I was hoping to see her this summer. I even got her a present," Hermione replied grabbing something out of her book bag which was a book of Pride and Prejudice; the original copy from Jane T. Austin. "Pride and Prejudice?" Jayden asked raising his eyebrow at this. "What she loves this book," Hermione huffs at this. "Riiiight… and what did Seth give you in that package?" Jayden asked knowing his best friend but, wasn't sure what to think of it since Seth and Hermione weren't exactly close but, was a bit surprised that Seth would give her a package. "Oh this … Seth wanted to give me my late birthday present. It's the thought that counts," Hermione waves it off. "Oh really… and what exactly did he get you I wonder…" Jayden asked sensing overprotective brother mode thru his voice. "I haven't checked yet," Hermione began to say opening the package with one rip leaving Harry to gape at her which she ignored his expression and made a gasp "I can't believe he remembered…" she whispered. "Remember what Mione?" Harry asked. Hermione took out the package and showed stuff animals of a Panda Bear (her favorite animal), a necklace of a sapphire heart similar to the one in Titanic and earrings jewelry which was Sapphire blue which was a matching set with a locket. It had a card inside. "Dearest Mi, my baby dove, I hope you don't mind but, I may of went a bit overboard when it comes with the panda bears. I knew you loved them when I was in San Diego Zoo and I knew you wanted something to remember by so I got all the panda bears I can find and there you go; I also added new books for you to read since I knew you loved to read from what Jay told me. I figured you might need it. I also heard that your best friend Harry had his name in the Goblet when everyone didn't believe him except you, Neville, Luna and your siblings including myself. I knew from personal experience that I don't like to be in the lime light for being famous thanks to my father's name but, I keep myself under wraps when it comes with that stuff. Anyway I hope you have a good birthday Mi and just because you and Jax aren't together no more that doesn't mean the rest of us forgot about you. Jax and I still stay in contact and I wasn't sure if you want me to still talk to him since he's also one of my best friends besides Jay anyway. Hopefully one day you and Jax will be able to talk and be friends again. I know what he did was horrible. Believe me I gave him an earful when I learned what he did to you. I couldn't believe it myself when I heard this from Ariel when she tried to hex him more than once without my knowledge. Remind me not to get in her bad side. I love you princess with my whole heart and hope you hear from you soon. P.S. I love the present you gave me ;) didn't think you had it in your Mi. but, I figured I do the same except …without anything on if you catch my drift ;) … ermm... hopefully your brother Jay won't kill me. Got to go I love you babe ;) Always Yours Seth. "What is it Hermione?" Harry asked noticing Hermione blushed really red. Hermione coughed cleared her throat a bit "Oh it's nothing Harry… he just remembered my favorite animal… it's a panda bear isn't it cute. I'm going to name him Sethy because he's so cutee" she cooed holding her stuff animal and didn't even care who saw her well except Malfoy and his cronies who had this odd expression on their faces. Harry chuckled at this "Leave it to you Mione to hug a Panda Bear," he says. "Oh hush Harry he's my Panda bear. Sethy meet Harry. Harry Meet Sethy the panda bear," Hermione introduced them to one another and again Harry just stared at her like she was crazy. "Sethy says it's nice to meet you Harry," Hermione beamed with a smile. "Uh... nice to meet you too Seth," Harry awkwardly shake the stuff animal of a panda leaving Hermione to beam into a smile which he can't help but, smile back since he loves when she smiles. "Well if you don't mind I'm going to write back to my boyfriend Seth and tell him that I love the present that he gave me. I hope you don't mind but, I'm going to use Hedwig to send this letter Harry," Hermione asked as she hugged her stuff animal very close. "I don't mind Mione just make sure she gets fed before she takes off huh?" Harry asked. "Thanks Harry you're the best," Hermione beams with a smile and kissed him on the cheek that left him to blush as she walked out as if it was a normal thing for her and left which took 10 long seconds for Jayden to realize what his baby sister just said. "Wait did she just say that Seth is her boyfriend," Jayden slowly says this almost coldly even. "Erm... yeah why?" Harry asked. "THAT BASTARD!?" Jayden growled turning to his sister that left everyone in the great hall to jump from his scream "HERMIONE SAPPHIRE LILIAN JEAN GRANGER WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU AND SETH ARE BLOODY DATING?!" he exclaimed leaving Hermione to yelp