An Enchanting Possibility Heya! Orpheus here with my very first story outside the Naruto-verse. I've had this floating in my folders and happened across it while poking around. Sure, I don't have anything besides this first chapter done, but I thought that it couldn't hurt to see how it goes, right? As a warning, I haven't done… well, anything with the HP-verse before, so I'm not sure how quickly I'll update or if I will at all (it depends on the reception this receives), but I'll go ahead and put this forth into the wide ocean that is the Harry Potter fanfiction section. Should be fun at the very least, right? Chapter I: A Whole New World Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. It was cold and loud. Those were the only adjectives that Harry James Potter could use to describe the rainy evening that the Dursleys had dragged him to while they stayed in some wood shack on the English coast. Harry was restless, unable to sleep thanks to the reason he had been forced here. It was all about those letters, those letters from somewhere called Hogwarts. He was just so curious about it. The letters all had this… aura about them that made him want to know what was inside. Then there were the messengers, the owls. Who used owls to send post? It was all just so… absurd! Yet, it somehow seemed to make sense to him on a level he didn't quite understand. It wasn't so much a thought or a feeling as something deeper, an instinct of sorts. It was that same instinct that made him look at the door. Nothing was there at first glance, but then he saw… what was that? It seemed to be some sort of glow in the cracks of the door. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and Dudley didn't seem to notice it though, which was odd. They sure noticed when two knocks turned into the door falling into the floor though! Oh, how Aunt Petunia jumped! Harry might've found the whole situation quite funny if his green eyes weren't glued to the figured in the doorframe. He was the largest man that Harry had ever seen! Stepping inside, the giant of a man made sure to step around the broken door and looked apologetic. "Sorry 'bout tha'." His accent was heavy, but still understandable enough. Coupled with the leathers and furs that the man wore, it gave him the air of an uncivilized brute, but hearing the sincere apology, Harry figured that there was more to this man than his appearance gave. "Guess I don' know mah own strength!" His guffaw was loud and hearty, so much different than anything that the boy had ever seen. "What are you doing here?!" Uncle Vernon demanded to know, going red in the face (that was something Harry had seen plenty ). The very large man ignored his uncle and laid his eyes on Dudley, oddly enough, causing his portly cousin to back up against the wall. "'Arry?" He asked, seeing the fear in the eyes of Dudley. At his cousin's insistent shaking head, Hagrid then finally turned his sight to Harry himself, who could only look at the man in awe. "Yer 'Arry then, right?" Harry nodded numbly, looking at the man, finally understanding what he had seen in the door. It was him, he was faintly glowing a light brown, the umbrella in his hand a brighter shade of brown and the two connected by thin tendrils of the aura. He wasn't sure what he was witnessing, but decided to listen to what the man, who introduced himself as Hagrid, was saying. Well, listen after witnessing Dudley's new pig tail grew! "What was that?" Harry wondered, watching as Hagrid pointed his umbrella at the fire place, as the medium brown aura flashed red a moment and the logs lit up brightly, now aflame. It almost seemed like… but it couldn't be, could it? That was impossible! "Tha' would be magic. 'Preciate it if you di'n' mention it to anyone though." Hagrid's smile was so sincere, Harry nodded. How could he not? He was so amazed and mesmerized and curious though! Magic! Magic was genuinely and truly real! Hagrid said something then that had him blinking, tilting his head as he looked at the man. "I'm a… what?" He asked, truly suspicious of what he had just heard. It just wasn't possible, not at all. How could it be? "Yer a wizard, 'Arry." He repeated, reaching into his pocket and handing him a slightly crumpled envelope with that same crest he'd seen before. This was the letter that Uncle Vernon would never let him read! With furious eyes, Vernon jumped up and made for Harry, only to fearfully back into the wall at a step towards him from Hagrid. Harry was too immersed in reading the letter to pay that any mind. A whole school for witches and wizards and he was accepted? A boarding school far away from the Dursleys where he'd learn to do things for nine whole months, things that made him special? The spectacled boy stood, gaining Hagrid's attention. "This sounds all so fantastic Hagrid… but can I really go? I've never done any magic before." "Tha' what ya think? Ha' ya ever noticed anything strange when yer happy or scared or sad? Things ya can' explain?" Harry silently thought for a moment, remembering the incident with the snake, with his hair, with the roof and slowly nodded his head. "'Arry, magic is in yer blood! Of course, ya can go!" The black-haired boy smiled and watched as Hagrid walked back to the door, turning back to him. "Well? Are ya comin'?" Looking back at the Dursleys, who didn't move, Harry hurried to Hagrid's side before Vernon could change his mind. On his way out, Hagrid set the door back into the doorway, though it would fall should someone open it again, of course. No sense in using more spells than necessary after all. Hagrid opened his umbrella for the boy, protecting Harry more than himself from the rain. The two made their way to the waiting motorcycle, with Harry taking his seat in the sidecar. "'Ang on, 'Arry." Hagrid stated, getting a nod from the boy as he revved the engine. Without another word, the vehicle took off… into the sky . [][][] As the trip was taking quite a while, Harry had ended up drifting off into sleep. While in flight, Hagrid had somehow gotten his coat off and placed it over the boy as a makeshift blanket. It wasn't until several hours later, but Harry finally woke up. Slowly opening his eyes, he noticed the heavy coat over his body and the chilly temperature. Pulling it closer to himself, Harry looked around to find out what was going on. It was then that he noticed Hagrid, still surrounded in that light brown, and his motorcycle. The motorcycle had its own glow… a faint and dim silvery-white that felt… light. "Oh? Yer up 'Arry?" Hagrid asked. He nodded with a slight yawn. "We're almost to London, don' worry. Once we ge' there, we can buy yer supplies for Hogwarts." "Supplies? Hagrid, I don't have any money…" Harry admitted, downtrodden. Hearing Hagrid's slight chuckle, he looked up at the jovial giant. "Don' worry abou' that! Ya didn' think that yer parents left ya with nothing, did ya?" Harry widened his eyes before smiling slightly at that thought. "I gotta ge' somethin' from Gringotts Bank anyways. Dumbledore sent me an owl while ya were sleepin'. I gotta ge' somethin' from one of the vaults." "Hagrid, can I ask you something?" The man nodded as the bike began to slowly descend to the road, an empty and rural road several kilometers outside England. "Why haven't I met anyone magical yet? Or even heard about them?" Uncle Vernon's hatred for magic didn't mean that they just stopped existing, though based on how little he knew of them… you would certainly think they did. "Ah, tha's actually easy. The Ministry of Magic keeps the secrecy of magic away from muggles." "Ministry of Magic? Muggles?" Harry repeated, not quite understanding. "Oh, muggles are humans who can't use magic, prob'ly shoulda mentioned tha'. The Ministry is the government in charge of the magical society in England. They wanted Dumbledore as Minister, but he chose to stay as Headmaster and ended up electing Cornelius Fudge." Harry nodded, understanding there was a lot that he would need to learn about magical society. There was so much history outside of using magic that he'd need to understand. "I've got so much to learn… I might be at a disadvantage but I'll do my best to catch up." He sighed and looked out at the rural scenery on his side of the road. "Hagrid, did you know my parents?" Harry wondered idly, not expecting an answer. The man looked at the boy and couldn't help but to smile a bit sadly. "A bit, I've been the Keeper of the Keys fer a long time. James and Lily were quite talented students. I di'n't know James as well, but Lily spent a lot of time on the grounds out of the castle. She was very talented in Charms and caring to the magical creatures I take care of, which was enough to make me appreciate her. She really was a brilliant witch until… that night." Harry turned to Hagrid, curious about the tone he used. "Did they tell you what happened to yer parents?" "Uncle Vernon told me that they died in a car crash." Harry responded immediately. Hagrid frowned heavily, shaking his head as he looked back at the road, the London lights showing themselves in the early morning finally. "That… wasn't what happened, was it?" "No, not at all. Some wizards aren't what ya would call… good. Sometimes they learn the darker magics. Some of those wizards go so far that they… well, we call them Dark Lords. The last Dark Lord was… he was…" "What was his name?" Harry wondered. Hagrid seemed very nervous, as if he was building up his courage. Finally, he whispered a name. "Lord Voldemort." It was just the barest, faintest sound, but Harry heard it. " He was powerful, and evil. The whole of magical England was struck with fear. He killed magical and muggles alike, anyone that wasn't a Pureblood he went after. Yer parents defied him though, and he went after them. They were killed by… him . But, when he pointed his wand on you… something happened. Instead of killing you, his spell turned around and killed him. Yer the Boy Who Lived against the Dark Lord." Harry listened intently to the tale that Hagrid told and had wide eyes. That's how his parents died? Hagrid then began speaking again. "Tha' scar on your forehead, the lightning bolt, tha's the proof of wha' happened. Tha's where his wand pointed." Harry reached up and touched his familiar scar, rubbing it lightly. "I didn't know… I never could have even guessed something like that was what happened." He finally mumbled as they entered London, Hagrid parking his motorcycle and helping him out. Wearing his coat again, he began to lead the boy down the street. "Don' worry about it, 'Arry." He stated, giant hand on one shoulder. "The past is the past and ya have a chance now thanks to tha'. Just be the best wizard ya can." Harry nodded once, causing Hagrid to smile at him as they made their way through the busy London streets. [][][] Hagrid eventually led Harry to a somewhat dinghy pub called "The Leaky Cauldron". It was dark and drab, the kind of place he wouldn't have noticed unless Hagrid pointed it out to him. Inside, he noted about a dozen patrons as well as the bartender. "Oh, hello there, Hagrid!" Said bartender greeted him warmly. "And who's this here