Vaguely inspired by Taylor Swift's "You Are In Love"? I guess? Also, this work has no dialogue and the OC will remain unnamed, only being referred to as "she". Just a heads up. Severus glared at her from across the room, refusing to look away even when she raised her head and caught him staring. She had mousey brown hair and a deathly pale complexion. Generally she was the very picture of haggardness, which was a given considering how it had been a full moon the night before. Severus was astonished that she had been able to get out of bed that morning, or that Madam Pomfrey had even let her try . Then again, the girl had always been quite stubborn. She surrounded herself with the noisiest bunch – Flint and Montague's clique – probably to hide her own timid, quiet nature. The only times she ever got in trouble was if the boys dragged her into it. She reminded him too much of Lupin in that way. It became very easy for him to despise her. Severus could grant that she was a good enough student, devoting time for her requirements and submitting them never a day late – even during the days leading up to the Change. He had been there when she'd spoken to the Headmaster about Special Cases (primarily because she had been sorted into Slytherin House and was therefore His Responsibility.) She had made it very clear to Dumbledore that she didn't want to be treated any differently because of her condition. No extended deadlines, no pity, and no strings attached. The only thing she asked was that the teachers never reveal her Lycanthropy to anyone. Dumbledore had foolishly agreed. And so Severus could only watch from afar as she lived up to her own prerequisites, destroying her body in the process. There had been many a time when she walked into the Great Hall and was mistaken for a ghost. Pale as a sheet with dark circles ringing her eyes. Even more often, Snape would enter the Library searching for a book in the Restricted Section and instead find her resting her head on the pages of some thick tome, dozing away, having just escaped from the noise of Flint's group. It was always ever during one of her free periods. Snape wondered why she wouldn't just catch up on sleep in her own bed. Poppy complained regularly about the girl's health, saying that she was getting far too little sleep and eating even less. Severus would have been lying if he said that he didn't agree with the Mediwitch. Like any true Head of Slytherin, he devised a plan with Poppy on how they could sneak the proper vitamins into the girl's pumpkin juice (which was the only thing she finished every morning.) As for her food, Severus had a brief discussion with Richardson, arguably the most decent one in their clique, and mentioned how one of his friends, specifically Her, had been losing an unhealthy amount of weight; in a stroke of genius Severus also said that he wouldn't be carrying her to Madam Pomfrey should she suddenly faint in class. More specific than was probably required, but it did the trick. She started eating again and some meat returned to her bones. Severus had her for detention most of the time. Dumbledore believed that they could instill the proper aptitude for right and wrong within her only if she was separated from the boys of Slytherin. Severus was loath to admit it, but she did have the makings to be someone better. During these detentions, he saw an entirely different side of her. It was obvious she was more comfortable around him than she was supposed to be. Oftentimes she would try to engage him in conversation while she was writing lines or scrubbing cauldrons and the like. Snape made it very clear that he was not there to become her friend. That didn't stop her though. Thus, her stubbornness. After a few sessions, he found that it was pointless to resist her. What was the point if she kept trying anyway? Severus began responding, little by little; always making sure that there was the perfect amount of venom in his voice. He had even insulted her once, an insult appropriate for Potter or Granger or Weasley, though not for her. Even he acknowledged that. She surprised him when she merely laughed. Her smiles were rare. Her laughs even rarer. At the time it had irritated him; he had thrown the insult to get her to shut up, after all. But after a while, he soon found that he quite enjoyed her company. Before he knew it, they were having long conversations about Potions, arguably her best subject next to Arithmancy. She was very intellectual. Severus grew a grudging respect for her, perhaps even admiration, at times. She gained it slowly, quietly, and he didn't know she even had it until her seventh year. The year Umbridge came to Hogwarts. Dolores didn't much like the girl. She thought it appalling that Dumbledore even let her go through the Change within the castle. She thought that he shouldn't waste precious resources and potion ingredients for something so "foul". Albus would have none of it, of course, and dismissed her notions at a regular basis. When Dumbledore escaped from the clutches of the Ministry, leaving the Headmaster's seat open in the process, Umbridge's first order of business was to overrule his previous commands. Snape was forced to stop brewing the Wolfsbane Potion under the threat of immediate sacking. Pomfrey was given clear orders to not "grant aid to the werewolf filth." The girl was forced to undergo the Change inside the Shrieking Shack. The entirety of Hogsmeade heard her screams that night. When morning came, there was talk of the return of old ghosts, rumors that Death Eaters were behind it. Severus was reminded of a night long ago, of being baited by Potter to the Shack, of the terror that had followed. She didn't attend class the next day. Severus couldn't blame her. Some part of him, some odd part that had been long dormant, wanted to make time to visit her. He tried to reason that she would undoubtedly be in her room, that it was inappropriate to visit her there . And though he still worried… he did not go to her. The next morning, she walked into breakfast and the Great Hall grew quiet. You could hear a pin drop. The students were shocked, even more curious. The teachers pitied her. Umbridge was smug, pleased with herself. She would not expel the girl; she wanted her to suffer. Severus very much wanted to strangle her. She had never looked worse. Her face was deathly pale, making her new scars stand out even more. During Potions, when they were revising, Severus could see even from the front of the room how badly her hands were shaking. She walked slowly, like she would collapse any second. The worst part was her eyes. Normally so bright, defiant each time she looked at Umbridge. They had become lifeless. They returned to fire as the week progressed. Severus could see that the pain was there, an insistent ache in her bones with every move, but her flame burned true. Severus no longer even gave her detentions; Umbridge did that for him. At least twice a week. Severus didn't fail to notice the letters carved into the back of her hand, bright red every time she left the Defense office. Severus talked to her one night, asked her just what she was expecting to gain whilst she was practically begging for punishment from Umbridge. She had smiled. Pain can't break a werewolf. The Dark Lord attempted to recruit her the next year through Lucius Malfoy. She had denied him outright and promptly disappeared, fool that she was, with the aid of Dumbledore, instead hiding within the ranks of the Order. Lupin didn't like her very much and the feeling was reciprocated, all to the pleasure of Severus. Neither of them would be very good with anything other than reconnaissance with the werewolves, anyway. During their spare time, Severus taught her how to fight, pushed her harder than he ever had while she was still in school. He brewed Wolfsbane for her and Lupin. She learned about his status as a double spy. And Severus could have been imagining it, but he could have sworn that he saw something change between them. Little things. He insulted her less and less. Her tone of voice softened up around him. He was no longer so afraid to touch her when she needed help moving or getting up from the ground during their dueling sessions. She looked at him... differently. When news reached the Order that Dumbledore had fallen off the top of the Astronomy Tower, killed at the hands of Snape himself, he lost all contact with her. Severus truly believed that he would never see her again. Either of them were sure to be dead before the war was over. With that realization came disappointment. And his disappointment only skyrocketed when Voldemort fell, and Potter survived, and so did Severus himself but no one else knew. He went into hiding; in doing so he believed that he could start anew, banish all thoughts of past love, perhaps find another, perhaps her . In the dead of night, he snuck into Hogwarts to lay eyes on the hall of the dead. She was not there. It meant nothing. His hope for a second, better chance at life dwindled. He left Britain, left Europe all together. He moved to a quiet town in the States, the quietest there was, and decided to go by his mother's surname instead. Severus Prince. There was a beach nearby as well. He considered getting a tan, if only to look less like Professor Snape. Professor Snape was a dead man who was last seen in the boathouse; his body had never been found. Severus Prince was very much alive. Four years passed. He came to accept the fact that he was going to die alone. He was not too broken down about it. He knew he was not the most agreeable man in the world. He was foul during the best of days and even his compliments were hidden behind insults. He knew he was never going to find a wife, he figured that out for himself in his third year at Hogwarts. Though the sunset was particularly entrancing, Severus found his attention dragged away from the view when a very large, very wet nose was thrust into his line of sight. The Doberman sniffed at his face rather enthusiastically. There had never been any dogs on the beach before, especially so close to the water. But its paws were wet, covered with sand, and it didn't seem to mind. Severus, on the other hand, was curious as to why the dog had thought to approach him in the first place. Animals had never done that before. Once it had finished sniffing, apparently satisfied with Severus, it dropped onto its stomach and laid its head onto Severus' lap. He allowed it to do so. He had never done that before, either. Just as the air began to still, the quiet was broken once more by a second pair of footsteps. Human footsteps, kicking up sand, heading towards Severus. He sighed in exasperation. A woman's voice. High-pitched and mortified, saying that she was sorry and no, Prince (the dog, Severus presumed) was not usually like this with strangers. That was all he was able to process, because then his mind had caught up to what was happening and he knew that voice. She so rarely used it but he would recognize it anywhere. He raised his head and there she was. The years had changed her. The war had changed her. There were