A/N: yknow this was meant to be a short, innocent little oneshot that i wrote for just me and then oh look it's 56 pages now welp what can u do, might as well put it up. i put too much effort into this. too much. i can't bring myself to regret it because there was TOO MUCH TIME SPENT. TOO MUCH EFFORT. FORGIVE ANY GRAMMAR OR SPELLING MISTAKES. I WROTE THIS FOR SEVEN DAYS STRAIGHT ALL DURING THE DEAD OF NIGHT. god what have i done UPDATE: yeahp i found an error. specifically, in the Second Task. it was practically GLARING me in the face. i can't believe i didn't notice it before. so yes, so sorry for that. UPDATE #2: yep another error found hahaha don't mind me but fml Thou mayest, Thou shalt Jasmine had no love for her father. Everyone knew it. Going back to London every end of the school year to live with him was a mere formality. As soon as she graduated, she would get a place of her own. That man's house had stopped being her home ever since his wife, her mother, was brutally murdered. He'd stopped being her father at the same time. He was out terrorizing the masses at the Quidditch World Cup while she'd eagerly been packing her bags for her last year in Hogwarts. Sitting in the train on her way to the castle, she could see that many students were reading their copies of the Daily Prophet. She could also see the Dark Mark floating at the front page of the newspaper, taunting her. No one had asked her yet, but it was an unspoken truth amongst Slytherins that their fathers and mothers had undoubtedly known all about the attack. As their children, they were expected to keep quiet, but Jasmine, if ever someone were to ask, would do no such thing. Daphne and Astoria Greengrass came to sit on opposite sides of Jasmine. They had obviously come to chat. Jasmine was loath to entertain them, as she was in a rather foul mood, but neither of them seemed to care whether she joined the conversation or not. Perhaps they just had nowhere else to sit. Or perhaps Draco wasn't in a particularly entertaining mood either. There was a bit of a ruckus as soon as they arrived at the castle. Jasmine didn't have to crane her neck. A couple of carriages were flying into the vicinity of Hogwarts, pulled by pure-white winged horses. They landed in the courtyard but before any of their doors opened, Jasmine was ushered away along with the other students. She scowled. Her father had mentioned that something special would be arriving at Hogwarts this year, but at the time she couldn't have cared less. As long as it didn't keep her from finishing her NEWTs, then she was all for it. The anticipation was palpable in the Great Hall. It buzzed in the air all throughout the Sorting Ceremony. Jasmine eyed each of the first years that went up to sit on The Stool, unable to keep a smirk off her face. None of them knew what they were getting into. Her eyes then flitted to the teachers' table at the very front of the hall. There were two empty seats, one of them being Dumbledore's. Jasmine wondered where their Headmaster had gone off to without even finishing his pie. She didn't have to wonder who owned the second empty seat, though. It was obviously for their new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher – unless Snape had finally gotten what he wanted, because if so, then it was for their new Potions teacher. But speak of the devil and the devil shall hear. Just as Dumbledore came through the teachers' entrance and went to his seat, Jasmine had the sudden sense of being watched. Her eyes flickered to the side and she met the steely gaze of Professor Snape. Other students would have been fazed, certainly most of the new first years, if not all of them. However, Jasmine was one of the very few who were not afraid of the infamous Dungeon Bat. Perhaps because she was also one of the very few who actually respected him as well as his subject. They had formed a kind of understanding in her seven years at Hogwarts, yet she wouldn't go so far as to use the word "friendship". He was still as vile to her as he was with every other student who couldn't answer him correctly. Dumbledore moved to stand behind the podium. Jasmine, from her seat at the far end of the Slytherin table, could hear the muffled sounds of footsteps from outside the doors of the Great Hall. Her interest was piqued. "Now that we're all settled in and Sorted," Dumbledore began, "I'd like to make an announcement. This castle will not only be your home this year, but home to some very special guests as well. You see, Hogwarts has been chosen—" He was interrupted by Filch, who came running in from outside and down the aisle. He muttered something into Dumbledore's ear. Some amused murmurs arose from the students, but they were clearly excited to hear an explanation from their Headmaster. Jasmine surely was. When Dumbledore finally waved the caretaker away, she leaned forward on the table. "So, Hogwarts has been chosen to host a legendary event," continued Dumbledore. "The Triwizard Tournament." "What the bloody hell is that?" Flint muttered. Jasmine rolled her eyes at him. She could remember some of her father's words, then, but not enough to know why he was so interested in the event. Dumbledore cleared his throat. "Now for those of you who do not know, the Triwizard Tournament brings together three schools for a series of magical contests. From each school, a single student is selected to compete. Let me be clear: if chosen, you stand alone. And trust me when I say these contests are not for the fainthearted. But more of that later! For now, please join me in welcoming the lovely ladies of the Beauxbatons Academy of Magic and their Headmistress, Madame Maxine!" The doors to the Great Hall swung open and a large group of girls stepped in. Chins raised, bosoms out, hips swaying as they walked. Jasmine raised an eyebrow when they began swooning at the boys of the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables, and said eyebrow only went higher when butterflies escaped from their uniforms the same moment their Headmistress stepped into the hall. Probably the largest woman Jasmine had ever seen. Dumbledore kissed her hand and then motioned for silence. "And now our friends from the North! Please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang and their high master, Igor Karkaroff!" The next group was a bit more interesting, mostly because Jasmine recognized that name. Her father had mentioned it more times than she could count. Igor Karkaroff was a Death Eater, and she'd give her right hand to bet that his delegates were little followers in the making. Jasmine observed their entrance with narrowed eyes. Two long tables were summoned and placed at the end of the room for the students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. When they were all seated, Dumbledore announced for the feast to commence. It took no time at all for the Great Hall to be filled with the excited chatter of students. Jasmine, for one, was curious as well. She tried her best to keep up with the conversation running up and down the Slytherin table, but her mind was elsewhere. Soon, it became obvious to her that she would never be able to recall what it was her father had said to her, probably because her mind had never processed his words in the first place. She ate very little that night. . . "D'you think it'd work if I asked Adamson to put in my name for me?" Jasmine stared incredulously at Pansy. "I'm positive that Professor Dumbledore already knows about that particular hole in the system. He's sure to have placed a spell for it apart from the Age Line. Why would you want to compete anyway?" "Eternal glory," Montague exclaimed. "Who wouldn't want a piece of that? I reckon my dad would want me to join, to make up for my abysmal grades, you know?" "You're gonna put your name in?" "Yeah." He gave Jasmine a bit of a shove. "Come on. You want to do it too." "Actually I don't. I'd rather have my head on properly during NEWTs than have it screwed on backwards by you lot in an effort to resurrect me." Flint stepped in, now, wrapping his arm around her shoulders and forcing her to stare at the Goblet. "Come on, Jazzy," he urged. "Just do it for a bit of fun! The chances of you getting picked are a million to one anyway." "I don't want to risk it—" "Come on! Spice up your life, will you?" "I said no ." Flint's stare turned hard, like how it was on the Quidditch Pitch during a match against Gryffindor. "You chicken?" he said, practically baring his teeth. "What would your father say, chicken?" He then proceeded to make the appropriate noise of a chicken. The people who had caught onto their conversation began laughing. Students were beginning to stream into the hall by then; lunch would be served soon. Jasmine would never know what it was that had prompted her to do what she did – be it the continuous taunts of her House mates, which were growing louder and wilder, the shameful blush on her face that everyone could see, or the abrupt appearance of a certain raven-haired professor. The next thing she knew, she had torn out a page from Astoria's notebook, scribbled her name, stepped past the Age Line, and thrown the slip of paper into the burning Goblet. Flint, Montague, Pansy, Astoria, and everyone else were staring at her. Snape was staring at her. Hastily, she saved face. "What?" she said, forcing a smirk onto her face. "A million to one, right?" . . In the evening of the Thursday that followed, after everyone had eaten their fill of supper, Dumbledore took his place by the Goblet and demanded for silence. All the other teachers were standing by, observing the happenings from the high table. Try as she might, Jasmine couldn't help but to shift a bit when Snape's gaze flitted over her. A million to one, she told herself. It didn't help. "Now for the moment you've all been waiting for: the Champion Selection!" Dumbledore declared, and with a superfluous wave of his wand, the torches in the Great Hall dimmed to little more than specks of flame. The blue fire of the Goblet offered sufficient enough lighting. Dumbledore placed his hand on the Goblet, slowly, almost reverently. The entire hall waited with bated breath. Within moments, the students' gasps of awe were heard as the Goblet's flames turned red. It spat out a slip of paper, which Dumbledore caught. "The Durmstrang champion is... Viktor Krum!" The announcement was met with raucous cheering from the males of Durmstrang. They beat his chest and clapped him on the back. Jasmine didn't miss the smug look on his face. Something about him just didn't sit right with her. As soon as he was ushered off to a backroom by Karkaroff, the flames of the Goblet burned red again and a second piece of paper erupted from the mouth. "The champion for Beauxbatons... is Fleur Delacour." Jasmine couldn't help it; she scoffed at the girlish cheers and polite claps that came from the French. Fleur Delacour was a little wisp of a thing, much too delicate to be competing in the Tournament, in Jasmine's opinion. There was a certain determination to her, but even that might not help her survive. She was ushered away and soon a third slip of paper was in the hands of the Headmaster.