Roses Damasked My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun; Coral is far more red than her lips' red; If snow be white, why then her breasts are dun; If hairs be wires, black wires grow on her head. I have seen roses damask'd, red and white, But no such roses see I in her cheeks; And in some perfumes is there more delight Than in the breath that from my mistress reeks. I love to hear her speak, yet well I know That music hath a far more pleasing sound; I grant I never saw a goddess go; My mistress, when she walks, treads on the ground: And yet, by heaven, I think my love as rare As any she belied with false compare. Sonnet 130, William Shakespeare Severus Snape had become little less than a celebrity when the War ended. He despised his new status with every fiber of his being. That was always very, very clear whenever a bold female student would try to flirt with him. His knack for handing out detentions had been somewhat dialed down, the main reason being that he would be giving his students exactly what they wanted: time alone with their new favorite Potions master. Consequently, this was also why Rhiannon Beckett was the subject of ire in Ravenclaw House, and quite possibly in the entire school. She was the only one who refused to suck up to their Potions professor, therefore she was also the only one who still got detention every week or so. The females of Hogwarts despised her for multiple reasons; the first being that they couldn't understand why she wasn't absolutely infatuated with Snape like everyone else was, the second being that he seemed to shower her with attention during classes (which was untrue), and the third being that Rhia downright balked at the idea of relaying the details of her detentions to them. Sometimes, Rhia thought that they must have her pegged as a sleazy, considering the kind of "details" they always expected from her. It was appalling. She could, of course, understand the school's great esteem for the sallow Potions professor. The whole of Wizarding Britain had heard of his espionage, his large role on the downfall of Lord Voldemort, all from the mouth of Harry Potter during Snape's hearing. There was no way the Wizengamot could place such a hero in Azkaban. As such, Rhia also felt a certain admiration towards Snape. He, in a way, had saved them all. She just wouldn't stoop so low as to kiss his arse. The girls may have been infatuated with him but his words were still vile – perhaps in a poor attempt to regain their loathing. It was because of this that Rhiannon found herself within his office once more, writing lines and trying to ignore his gaze burning into the side of her head. Earlier that day, Snape had insulted a fourth year from Gryffindor. Given that the boys of said House still despised him as much as they did before the War, they didn't hesitate to start talking trash behind his back. Rhiannon had happened to be passing by and, for that reason, overheard said trash talking. Their words were entirely unfounded. She had told them so, which earned her a rebuttal, which she replied to, equally witty – which then descended into full-blown chaos as soon as one of his pals gained the audacity to draw his wand. Rhiannon hadn't made it into her seventh year for nothing. She was also a Ravenclaw; she dealt with the small band of misfits easily enough. Unfortunately, Professor Snape had arrived just as the boys were running away with their tails between their legs. Such ends the story of How She Earned Herself Yet Another Detention With Snape. The allotted hour was almost over, and she was just about to finish her 34th line of 'I will not start fights' (she counted) when Snape abruptly broke the silence. "Miss Beckett, I must admit that, despite my truest efforts, I cannot bring myself to understand your motives." Confused, Rhia glanced up from her lines and found him intently staring at her from across the room. "My motives, sir?" He stood up – fluidly, like a ghost – and began pacing towards her. "You glare at me," he said. "You openly defy me during class hours and, oftentimes, even in your free periods. To the rest of the world, it would seem as though you despise me with the very core of your being. And yet..." He tilted his head. "Your actions today proved quite contradictory to your beliefs against me. I want to understand why that is." "You want to understand... why I contradict myself, sir?" She couldn't help the smirk that crawled up her cheeks; it was always amusing to act clueless in front of him. The way his eyes flashed suggested that he knew exactly what she was trying to accomplish. "Ignorance does not become you, Miss Beckett." He had arrived at the front of her desk by then, crossing his arms and gazing down at her with glittering obsidian eyes. "What I wish to understand is why you oppose me in one moment, and then defend me in the next." He sneered and Rhia knew better than to try being cheeky again. "Professor Snape, I don't despise you. In fact, I admire you very much," she said. The slightest crease appeared between his eyebrows, giving away his bemusement. Rhiannon sighed. "Permission to be frank, sir?" His eyes narrowed briefly. "Granted." "Your actions in the War have warranted the debt of an entire nation, professor," she said. "I'm sure that during your years as a spy, you hardly believed that you would still be alive today. But you are, and now you have to live with the gratefulness and the admiration of men... and even more women." She smiled a bit at the contempt on his face. "Like them, I'm also grateful, and I also admire you, professor. However, unlike them, my sense of dignity is still intact. They may allow you to openly insult them during classes, but I won't stand for it... with all due respect, sir," she hastily added. Snape was staring at her like she was something he'd found at the bottom of his boots. For a moment, she thought that perhaps she'd said too much, overstepped her bounds. Then she noticed the slight twitch of his lips. "I'm sure your Head of House is all too satisfied that his best student is yet to lose her mind over someone who hardly deserves such attention," he said, and there was something so self-deprecating in his words that Rhia felt her heart clench. "That's not true, sir. You deserve all the attention you're getting, and more." Suddenly he swooped down, placing his hands on her desk so that his face was mere inches from hers. "Careful, Miss Beckett." He sneered. "It would be a shame for you to turn away from your beliefs so quickly, and immediately after a... rather interesting conversation." Just as suddenly, he had pulled away, taking her parchment with him. "You may go now, Miss Beckett. I assure you that my honor has been through much worse than the silly name-calling of a fourth year, so do try not to get into so much trouble for it." As Rhiannon was leaving, it occurred to her that what had just passed was perhaps the most polite conversation she had ever had with Snape. She smiled. It also occurred to her that, despite how rakish it was, perhaps Snape needed someone to hate him. . . The next morning, Rhia found that the universe had a very perverted sense of irony. Owls were dropping parcels left and right, never leaving a student without his or her copy of the Daily Prophet. Even each one of the professors received a copy of the newspaper. Soon, the Great Hall was in an uproar. Rhia understood why as soon as she caught sight of the heading on the front page: "Ministry of Magic reinstates Marriage Law" With her heart in her mouth, her eyes travelled further down. "This previous Tuesday evening, the Minister of Magic acknowledged during a public talk that the Wizarding World is in fact in danger of extinction, mostly due to the increasing statistics of stillbirths, squibs, and barren children within Pureblood intermarriages. As such, he has stated that Pureblood marriages are to be condoned no longer. In addition to this, Purebloods are strongly encouraged to find spouses in the Muggleborn line, while Half-bloods are to bond with their own kind. This will instill a better genetic code that, in several years' time, may translate into a bigger, more superior Wizarding World. Any and all magical persons who are of age, unwed and suitable to bear offspring will receive a letter from the Ministry. In its contents will be the written guidelines and further details of the newly renamed Marriage Law, which will be put into effect immediately. In other news, the Chudley Canons have been..." The next thing she knew, a letter had been dropped onto her plate. The seal of the Ministry was stamped on the front. Looking around, she saw that a bunch of seventh years from every table had received similar letters and were all staring at them with identical looks of dread. Any and all magical persons who are of age... Rhiannon had hoped that the Minister hadn't become so desperate as to include even those who were yet to finish their education. Apparently her hope had been misplaced. She, alongside several other students (and perhaps even teachers) who were directly affected by the Marriage Law, tore open the envelope and unfolded the paper encased within. Her heart dropped at the clean, printed handwriting that awaited her. Rhiannon Angela Beckett, Greetings from the Central Department of the Ministry of Magic Due to the recent implementation of the Marriage Law, we have seen it fit to inform you that personalized search for a partner will only be tolerated inasmuch as marriage papers will have been signed by the end of April. Furthermore, the marriage must be properly consummated and a fetus produced within 48 hours following the marriage ceremony, which will be observed by a Ministry official. Failure to comply with the given instructions will lead to the direct infringement of the Central Department. In addition to these directives, Minister Shacklebolt has, out of understanding and compassion for the people, taken it upon himself to assign possible candidates that may be taken into consideration. Magical tests were run to ensure the highest compatibility between you and whatever name you may find at the end of this page. They may very well be your best option. Good luck and congratulations in advance. Sincerely, Jacob Cartwright, Head of the Central Department Rhiannon's heart was pounding in her chest. She saw the final two lines written on the very bottom of the page, and it took every ounce of the hidden Gryffindor within her to finally read what was there. Your compatibility tests align with the tests of: Severus Tobias Snape Someone touched her shoulder – "Who'd you get?" they asked – and Rhiannon all but sprung from her seat. She was aware of her heavy breathing, of the sets of eyes boring down on her. Quickly she shoved the Ministry letter into her pocket and made to leave the Great Hall, only to stop in her tracks. Her body acted of its own accord; she glanced up at the High Table, eyes automatically zeroing in on the brooding man who always ate between the Headmistress and Professor Flitwick. He held a Ministry letter in his hands. A look of disbelief sat firmly on his face. His eyes narrowed into slits, and then he raised his head and looked right at her. Her heart leapt into her throat. Without another word, she turned around and stormed out