Sarah The shrill screech of the alarm pierced through my room, forcefully retrieving me from my sleep. I opened my eyes and felt like someone had spent the last 8 hours rubbing them with sandpaper. Groggily, I flopped my arm at the alarm to snooze it. Eventually, my feet found the floor and I rubbed my eyes. I looked over at the time and realized that it was 7:20. Damn , I thought to myself. If I got another tardy I was going to be in trouble. Not that I cared, but who wants to stay after school? I ran around my room, getting dressed as fast as I could. In no time, I had eaten breakfast, gotten dressed, brushed my teeth, and was out the door. Of course, I forgot my backpack. Luckily, my first period was freshman gym. I got changed as I made some small talk with the other girls. We got into our assigned lines, as our gym teacher came out into the gym. He was a middle aged man, but his body didn't show it. He was muscular, with sharp facial features and short hair. He looked like a marine. "Alright, start your warm up." I didn't say a word throughout the entire warm up. I wish I had some of my friends in this class, but they're all in the 3rd hour gym. A fair amount of the kids in this class were in the "popular group". They are so worried about who likes them or who is doing what - which is pretty much everything I try not to be. Unfortunately, that doesn't get you a ton of friends. After 15 minutes of skips and stretches, we finally finished. We huddled around the coach. "Today, we'll continue playing soccer. Team 1 plays team 4 on field 1, team 2 plays ..." I am team one, so I kinda tuned out after that. I heard team 4 was really good, but I can't remember who was really good on their team. My team was alright. We had a couple of basketball players who played defence, a very athletic girl who was one of our better players, and some normal kids. I played keeper and we had one soccer player, who was pretty good. He nudged me in the side. "Hey, watchout. They have a really good player on their team. Don't get too relaxed out there." I nodded my head, but I wasn't too worried. I mean, very few of the kids actually knew how to play anyways. The fields we used were for 12 year olds, so it wasn't full size, but it was a good 80 yards long. The goals were of decent size, however I could touch the cross bar without jumping. We got there first so we got to pick our side. The other team came and I was quite surprised. They didn't look stacked at all. They had one kid with raven black hair and a lean build. I think his name is Liam. That must have been who my teammate was talking about, but he didn't seem much more athletic than our guy. Our gym teacher threw a ball into our field and it rolled towards them. One of the kids tapped it to Liam, and he passed it back. My team moved up as the game was on. The game was very clumsy, with people running into each other, accidentally passing to the other team. Unfortunately, Liam got the ball before our soccer player did. He flew past our defenders, beating them with a single touch to either side and before I knew it I was staring him down. He ran straight at me and I didn't know what to do. If I stood still, he would just tap it to the side. But if I ran out at him he could just beat me like he did to our defenders. I decided to rush him, but as soon as I started running towards him he slammed the ball into the back of our net. For the rest of the game, he almost always had the ball at his feet. Every single pass was to Liam. He'd chase down whoever had the ball, steal it from them and then dribble a couple of people. He'd pass it off lightly, and then run around someone. They'd pass it to him and he'd continue dribbling. I had the worst of it. He made an absolute fool of me. No matter what I did, he beat me without breaking a sweat. If I charged him, he'd either shoot while I was running or just take a touch around me. If I stayed in the goal, he would just get close enough that I had no chance of stopping it. After what felt like all day, our coach gave a two minute warning. Liam had started setting up his teammates because they were winning by so much. It was easily 9-2 or 10-2. A passed it across the goal to a short nerdy kid who kicked it straight into the goal from a few feet away. From the kickoff, our soccer player got the ball and started dribbling. He used a couple fancy tricks, I couldn't even describe what he was doing. He ran around the sides to avoid Liam, but Liam ran him down and took the ball. He passed it to a defender and ran towards our side as his teammate gave him the ball again. He weaved in and out of our players as he charged down the right side. I was determined to stop him this time. Just as he got inside the goal box, I charged him. He was at the corner of the goal box, so he didn't really have anywhere to shoot. He cut inside and I moved to cut him off. I ran full speed at him and thought I had him. He stopped the ball with his left foot and rolled it to his right foot as he spun around me. I tried to stop myself, but I ran right past him. As he tapped the ball into the net, our coach blew the whistle. Liam was breathing heavily, and just stood in the goal with his hands on his hips catching his breath. He looked over at me, gave a small smile and started to walk back to the school. Two excruciatingly unextraordinary hours later, it was finally lunch time. I got a lunch of pizza, pretzels, and a cookie. I sat toward a table where my friends are sitting. My friend group is small, but they're really cool. A couple of them actually just moved here this year, but since I just moved up to high school I got all new friends anyways. I'll miss my middle school friends, but most of them either joined the popular crowd or go to different schools. Anyways, first there's John. He's a little on the shorter side, but athletic, with light brown hair and thoroughly normal brown eyes. He's also constantly on my case about trying harder, and doing better in school. Secondly, there's Bartholomew but we all call him Bart. He has rusty orange hair, and can already grow facial hair. I'm not sure whether his short or tall, cause he has a slight slump that comes from his legs. He also walks with kind of a limp, but he's adapted really well to it. The only thing more unique than his name is his personality. He has the morals of a hippie, the macho nonsense of a football player, and the Then finally there's Andrew. He's tall, with bleach blonde hair and hazel eyes. Andrew is skinnier than a twig and is probably the biggest nerd that I know. He has a natural knack for video games, and every time we play he destroys us. He's pretty smart, but just hasn't found his stride just yet. "Hey, how's it going guys?" I ask as I sit down. "Nothing much." They chorused in the most unsynced way possible. I looked over at Bart, who was scribbling furiously on a piece of paper. "Ha, is that the math homework for tonight?" I asked, "Yeah, Yeah I know. I got busy last night." "Speaking of math, we're getting those projects assigned today, right?" John asked. Mr. Woodhaven, our math teacher, had warned us we were going to have to do a project on a mathematician. He was going to assign partners randomly today. "Uh, Yeah I think." I said. "Who are you going to do it on?" "I don't know, my partner will probably know." "I'm wanna do it on Archimedes, the Greek Geometer." John said, as if him being Greek made him the most interesting mathematician in the world. Not saying much, but still. John had a strange fascination with Greek culture. "Well I'm just gonna wing it." "Like always." Andrew said. I just shrugged my shoulders at that. "Hey, speaking of math, did you know that Liam played soccer?" "Liam who?" John asked. "Average height, black hair. I don't know his last name." An expression flashed over John's face, but it disappeared before I could decipher it. Bart shifted uneasily in his chair. "Oh, him. That dude creeps me out big time." John replied. "He looks like a serial killer." Bart said. "Hey! Be nice." I shot back."Anyways, I played against him in gym today and he destroyed us. I had no idea how athletic he was." "He doesn't exactly look out of shape." John said. "No, but he was really fast. He literally beat everyone by tapping it around them." John and Bart exchanged a look. "We had no idea he played soccer." "See ya, Andrew." I said, as he walked down the hall. His next class was on the opposite side of the school. The rest of us had the same fourth hour, so we walked together. The usual small talk dominated the conversation as we made our way towards the room. I was still trying to decipher their weird behavior at lunch. We had World History fourth hour. However, we were going over Greek History so John was very excited. It actually was somewhat interesting, but I have to admit John's enthusiasm has gotten a little bit old. We took our seats in the back, with me on the left, John in the middle and Bart on the right. The room was buzzing with conversation as the teacher just stared at his computer screen. The second bell rang, and the conversations died down a little bit. "Alright, let's get started." The teacher said as he stood up. He was middle aged, with black hair and a face that really showed his age. He wore a button up shirt and jeans everyday. He looked more like an office worker for an up and coming "hip" tech company than a teacher. He clicked a little remote and the projector that hung from the ceiling turned on. On the board, the beige PowerPoint slide appeared. In plain, black letters it said "Bronze Age Greece". John had his eyes glued to the slide, while I began to absent mindedly doodle in my notebook. He taught straight out of the book, so I usually just read the textbook that night. "First a review question. Sarah," I tried to keep my face from showing any reaction as I looked up. Most of the kids were looking at me, as if expecting some response from me. I thought through what I'd been doing, trying to think of something wrong I must've done. "Name Three Greek cities." Oh, he wanted to ask a question. I sighed, because only he would ask a question like that. He has a really bad habit of asking common sense questions. "Um, Sparta, Athens, and…. Corinth?" "Very good, moving on." I hated when he called on me. Every class, he picks a few students and only asks them questions. I guess that