I choose a place towards the front of the crowd, already knowing my fate. Coin stands on the balcony above the stage where my grandfather once stood, looking down on her newest puppets. I know that the cards inside that bowl are blank, that the Effie woman has memorised a predetermined list. "Isaura Finch!" She calls. "Landon Cartier" is next. "Fleur Delaurentis" follows, then "Byron Kendall". By the time "Melodie Snow" is called they finally catch on, and I see the girl's face twist unpleasantly. Katniss watches me as I take my place in the tribute's line. My grandfather and I were never close and I never forgave him for the things he did, but I still felt that tug as her arrow pierced his chest. I didn't think I would mind losing him after everything he put us through but in truth it just felt wrong. As awful as he was, he was family. The crowd deteriorates quickly until almost a tenth of us become tributes. The capitol citizens aren't big on kids, most spend too much of their time at social events to care for children. Most women don't want to ruin their tiny bodies so most will be the children of older residents. The reaping will seriously damage the gene pool, not that Coin cares; soon she will replace us with others from thirteen. After the final names are called Peeta and Katniss leave the stage, and I can feel both their eyes on me. I try to look unemotional, even blank, although the others around me weep openly. I feel exposed with all the cameras aimed at us, like an ant under a magnifying glass. After Coin gives a speech to the districts we are taken to the remake centre. I'm told that I'm representing twelve just as I expected. Peacekeepers escort us down the long corridors, pushing one into each room. Eventually only I remain, he leads me to the final room. "Stay there until your team gets here." He says, slamming the door as he backs out again. The room is not so bad, but the faint smell of bleach and the cold white walls and floor remind me of the medical centre. I stand leaning against the metal table in the centre of the room just so I can no longer see it, until eventually three people whom I recognise appear at the door. "I can't believe they let us work with you!" The one with the green skin screeches, taking me by surprise. "We're the only prep team who have done this before, but we all wanted to work with you. We were Katniss's team." She says. "I'm Flavius" says the man with the orange hair, putting his hand on my shoulder. I'm not used to being touched by strangers, up until a few hours ago I had rarely talked to anybody but my carers in years. "Hello Melodie, my name is Venia and this is my friend Octavia. We're here to prepare you for your stylist." "Not that there will be too much to do" says Octavia. "You should have seen Katniss when she got here, she was filthy!" "Well, this should not be too bad for you all this year, just a little touch-up. There's nothing too drastic to do, just lie down and relax." Flavius says. The next hour or so is draining, there seems to be more work to be done than they expected. I may live in the capitol, but I have never understood why I would need to make so much effort just to stay locked in my little tower like the characters in the books my mother used to read me. After being scrubbed, waxed and trimmed in every way possible, Venia and Octavia finally leave me with Flavius. I'm given a flimsy bath robe and placed in a chair to have my hair washed and styled. Even after the pile of hair around the chair seems to be enough for another person, much of it still hangs in thick, dark blonde curls around my face. "I have an idea. Let's just leave it alone and dye it instead." He says, and I nod my head in agreement. I don't care too much as long as he finishes soon; my stomach has begun to growl loudly. I'm not used to waiting for food, but I guess it's about time to learn. I close my eyes and allow him to do whatever he wishes, exhausted already. "Finally!" He shouts after a while, making me jump violently. He turns me around so that I can see myself in the mirror, and I'm pleased to see that I still look like myself. My hair is palest blonde, and dotted with tiny flecks of glitter. "You're ready for Cillian now." He says. I'm lead through a door to a small, comfortable looking room. Flavius leaves me finally, so I stand waiting for my stylist not quite sure what to do. Luckily the man appears after only a few minutes, smiling softly so that I feel at ease almost instantly. "Hello I'm Cillian. I'll be your stylist this year." He says. He is dressed simply, with none of the signs of living in the capitol. He reminds me of somebody I know, but it takes me a moment to get it. "You look just like Cinna." I say, but once the words leave my mouth I begin to wonder if they should have stayed in my head. Luckily, though, he speaks softly and does not seem offended. "I thought you might be familiar with my brother, he did such a good job with your mentor." He says. "Not many of us are left now, and although this is my first time it is also my last so I intend to do my best." He says. "Please, sit down. You must be hungry by now." He says. We sit on the plush sofa and he pushes the button for our food to arrive. We eat without talking, and I appreciate the silence as for the first time today I can think clearly. "So, as you may have guessed things will be a little different this year. Tributes usually meet their mentors and fellow tribute on the train, but you were already here. We're going to do the parade first; you will meet Elias and your mentors there. Now, let me show you the plans. We're not doing district themes this year, as you're all from the capitol. Anything goes." he says. I don't know if I should be afraid or relieved, but if he is anything like Cinna I know I should trust him. The carriages await us at the bottom on the remake centre; I'm one of the first to arrive. I spot Katniss and Peeta instantly, but hesitate for a few moments. I had rooted for them during both games, but the girl killed my grandfather and the boy was tortured by his people. The more I stand the more apprehension builds up, so I put on a brave face and walk slowly in their direction. I'm surprised to find that I know my fellow tribute that waits with them; he was in my defence class when we were younger. He looks so different now of course, but those pure green eyes still pierce out against his dark skin as he looks up and notices me so I know it could never be anyone else. I remember hating those classes at first, everyone there was the child of my grandfather's employees so stayed well away from me as if I was an angry viper. Elias, on the other hand, was the only child to come and talk to me without being forced by a parent. Although the gestures were small, I appreciated them so much that I remember them all clearly. Three months in I broke his nose with a clumsy kick and I was sure he would hate me, but after treatment he came and told me that he knew it was an accident and I shouldn't feel bad. Things that seem so insignificant now made me feel so much better. I just hope that somebody else kills him because if it comes down to the two of us, I know I could never hurt him. "Mel!" calls Elias when I get close enough, beckoning me closer. I'm relieved to see his outfit is similar to mine but not identical, I hated the twin act that my mentors were made to do. Peeta greets me first which calms me, his handshake is firm and steady. "Nervous?" he asks. "Only a lot" I say, letting out a short, awkward laugh. "Keep your head up, stand tall and proud. Most of the crowd are from the districts, and all they want is a show. Cillian and Ana have designed these costumes to make you two stand out. There's no point in trying to blend in, you're already the main target just like Peeta and I last year." says Katniss. "Just try to stay calm and you'll be fine. Go with whatever feels natural. Each district has been given an allowance to spend on sponsorship to make it as much like all the other years as possible. We want you to do well; although some of these people are angry enough to enjoy this most are just normal people being forced to participate. You two go out there and show them why you're worth supporting." He says. I feel a little better, I had never thought that perhaps not everyone is the districts was purely out for my blood. Some will be, but the comfort comes from the small percentages that are not. The opening ceremony is about to begin, so Katniss helps me into the rest of my costume. Over the pure white gown she fastens a thin mesh covered in tiny stars, glowing subtly but bright enough to draw the eye. The materials are so light that they dance in the slightest breeze, floating around my legs as if there was no gravity. She places the crystal headdress over my hair and smiles, but her eyes stay sad. "I'm sorry." She says, but I don't have time to question the gesture because the carriages are about to move. "Ready?" says Elias. The opening music begins, blasted around the capitol as the doors slide open. "As ready as I'll ever be." I say, as the carriages begin their journey to the city circle. I notice the other pairs represent various capitol images; some dyed strange colours or wearing large wigs. They don't look too dissimilar to other capitol residents at a ball. Most of the crowd seems to be made up of people from the districts, for most it must be their first time in the capitol. The capitol residents don't line the streets this time, we are there children and they can finally understand that this is sad. This is not a celebration; we are being shown off like the dishes on a table before the banquet is served. I catch glimpses of Elias and I in the screens as we pass, and know that we're different to everyone else. His suit is tasteful and plain, just the hemlines have a gentle glow. The pure lily pinned to his jacket matches me, and I'm so happy that I am not dressed like the others whose colours seem so harsh against the half-light. By the time we get to the end of our journey it is dark and our glistening still seems to have everyone looking at us. When we get to the city circle I realise that Elias' hand is in mine, that he is the only reason I felt so brave. He smiles at me and I feel just like that day so many years ago, the last time he saved me from being alone. I'm glad that at least one person I like will be around for