AN: Sorry about the delay in everything else I'm writing, but I keep getting new ideas and I have to write them down. I promise I will get everything else updated – when the plot bunnies let me. In the meantime, I hope you enjoy this and please review! Summary: THIS STORY IS AU. I've been reading a lot of dom/sub stories recently and this is set in the universe. James survived the attack from Voldemort, though Lily did not. Harry lives with his dad and the other Marauders. Remus had an affair with an American muggle hippy and the two had a little girl who the mother named Moonbeam – her mother stayed until she was five before packing up and heading back to America. Both children are submissives. The story starts at the beginning of their fourth year, around the time Beauxbatons and Durmstrang arrive for the Triwizard Tournament – Harry will still compete and probably face Voldy at the end of the year. HARRY IS NOT A HORCRUX! HIS SCAR IS JUST THAT – A SCAR! Disclaimer: I own nothing but plot and OCs. Any recognizable text, places, or characters belong to J.K. Rowling. Moonbeam giggled at the exasperated look on her best friend's face as, once again, Ronald Weasley made another backwards attempt at courting. Dominant the boy may be – intelligent he was not. "Potter –" "No, Weasley, I will not go with you to Hogsmeade next weekend, I will not allow you to court me and you can not bed me." Harry interrupted irritably. He turned to Moonbeam and poked her in the side, "And will you stop laughing?!" he snapped. She snickered, slinging an arm around the boy's shoulders. "Calm down, Har, it's not like Weasleby can do anything without going through your dad anyway." She reminded him soothingly. Harry huffed, allowing the half-werewolf to lead him away from the annoying red head – or at least, she tried. Ronald blocked their way and Moonbeam snarled. Before she could tear into the other boy, however, a familiar drawl drew their attention, "Weasel, the submissive said no. Leave them alone." All three turned to see Draco Malfoy and his entourage standing behind them. Both submissives felt themselves relax. Draco, like most dominants, exuded a soothing air that calmed them. Blaise Zabini and Theo Nott – both submissives as well – stepped forward and ushered the two Gryffindors behind the Malfoy heir. Both Lions looked indignant, but the two boys shot them warning looks – now was not a time for pride. Weasley was as red as his hair as he faced the other dominant. "This doesn't involve you, Malfoy!" he snarled. Draco raised a brow. "It involves any decent dominant, Weasley. Stop harassing the submissives – they've made themselves clear and you're fast on your way to being arrested. Potter's father certainly won't allow you to court him with your attitude and I don't doubt Lupin could tear you to shreds." Ron sneered. "I don't want the half-breed mutt anyway – she could pass her father's disease onto her children." Moonbeam snorted. "I'd kill myself before I let you touch me regardless, Ronald." She grinned wickedly, "Though I will be having a chat with your older brothers. They'll be interested to learn about this attitude of yours – they may even share this with your mother." Ronald paled before turning red again and stomping off. Draco turned to face Moonbeam and Harry with a chuckle. "Nicely done, Lupin." Moonbeam snorted. "Still refusing to say my first name, Draco?" she asked teasingly, batting her eye-lashes at him and leaning against him. The pale boy had been the duo's friend since their second year. Rolling his eyes, he shoved her away. "I will not go about calling you 'Moonbeam'." He told her firmly. She laughed, leaning against Harry. "You could always call me by my middle name." she reminded him, "My dad does." "I would, if you would actually tell me your middle name." he huffed. She looked at Harry with a frown. "Didn't I tell him last year?" she asked in confusion. Harry shook his head. "You kept forgetting, what with Pettigrew being in the castle and all." Her eyes widened and she nodded before turning back to Draco. "Well, it's Cana," she grinned sheepishly, "I'd drop Moonbeam, but I've gone by it for so long that I don't really see a point. But you can call me Cana if you prefer." She told him. He inclined his head. "Cana, then." He agreed, and she grinned. "Now that that's settled – thanks for stepping in – I think Weasley was about to hit me, and I really don't want to be euthanized because of that prat." She admitted shamelessly. Draco laughed. "I doubt you would have been – Weasley – that one, at least – has a history of harassing and abusing submissives." He shot a smirk at Harry, "Though mostly he just keeps his attention focused on Potter here." Harry stuck his tongue out. "Not my fault he's a greedy glory hound." The slighter boy huffed. Draco shook his head. "The two of you really shouldn't be walking around without a dominant." Moonbeam pouted. "Normally we would, but all the ones that we trust are either busy or in different Houses." Draco sighed. "Where were you headed when Weasley accosted you? We'll escort you, but you need to find a way to arrange to have a dominant with you at all times – especially with the foreign students arriving this year. Or at least travel in a larger group of submissives." Both submissives huffed. "We shouldn't have to – these Neanderthals out to know how to behave by now." Harry groused. Blaise rolled his eyes. "They should, but there will always be someone like Weasley around, and you need at least one dominant around or two more submissives – Weasley might not be alone next time." The pair pouted, but concede the point. They then informed Draco that they had been headed toward the greenhouses to find Neville to get him for dinner. The three Slytherins rolled their eyes, but escorted the three outside. They met the shockingly shy dominant half-way across the grounds. He frowned as the five approached him. "Malfoy? Harry, Moonbeam, are you okay?" The pair nodded, allowing Draco to answer for them. "They were coming to find you and were accosted by Weasley." "Ronald?" Neville asked dryly. The blond nodded, and Neville sighed, turning his attention to his two friends. "I thought we agreed that you two wouldn't walk the halls without a dominant or a larger group of submissives." "But we were in the tower and everyone else was either doing homework or had already gone down to dinner!" Moonbeam defended. Neville rolled his eyes. "Their homework could have waited, two submissives don't need to be walking the castle alone – and I'm well aware that the pair of you are perfectly capable of taking care of yourselves, before either of you say anything, but there are several dominants like Ron around the castle and they might decide to team up if they see a couple of submissives walking around on their own and attack you when your guard's down." They pouted again, but they could see the point their friend was making and grudgingly admitted that he was right. "Fine, we'll ask a dominant to escort us around if you, Dean, Fred and George, Lee, or Parvati are unavailable." "What about Fay?" The pair shrugged. "She's been sniffing around Harry recently and since Percy and Oliver left, there haven't been that many older dominants that we trust in Gryffindor – a lot of them are of the same mindset as Ronald or McLaggen." Neville growled, running a hand though his hair. "The five of us will have to set up a rotation so that the two of you are never alone – keep Hermione, Seamus and Lavender with you if you can't find one of us." He ordered. Draco looked a mixture of amused and offended as the two reluctantly agreed. Neville, seeing his expression, laughed. "You have to be firm with these two – you have to order them, you can't just make suggestions and hope they'll follow them. You have to explicitly tell them what to do or they'll find a way around it." He turned back to the two stubborn submissives, "The two of you will be with a large group of submissives or a dominant that you trust at all times – no more wandering the corridors on your own." He told them firmly. They pouted a third time, but nodded their agreement. "Fine." Harry huffed. Then both beamed and hooked their arms with Neville's. "Can we go to dinner now, Nev?" Moonbeam asked, "We're starved." She added pitifully. Neville rolled his eyes. "Come on, demons, let's go eat – and the two of you had better have someone with you when Durmstrang and Beauxbatons arrive tomorrow." He added irritably. They huffed again, and Neville managed to free a hand to hold it out to Malfoy, who shook it. "Thanks for looking out for them and bringing them to me – Merlin knows what Weasley would have done." Draco scowled. "He looked about to strike one of them when I stepped in – my guess would be Cana." Neville smirked in amusement. "Still refuse to call her Moonbeam?" he asked. Draco rolled his eyes. "It's not proper." He insisted as they headed back to the castle. The four submissives with them rolled their eyes and fell into step together, Harry and Moonbeam releasing Neville so that he could walk with Draco and talk without them getting in the way. The other four started a quiet conversation of their own about the Tournament to be held at their school that year, and the foreigners coming to stay at their school. It was freezing – the entirety of the school was outside and Harry and Moonbeam were huddled together, an annoyed Dean and Parvati wrapped around them at their insistence – which had gotten McGonagall on to the two dominants until Harry and Moonbeam had complained of the cold and their Head of House trying to take away their human heaters. The woman had stared at the duo for a long moment before giving a un-lady-like snort before turning her attention to the rest of her lions. "Do you two have to be such annoying little twats?!" Parvati hissed. The two snickered cuddling into their respective dominants affectionately. "You know you love us." Moonbeam smirked. Dean rolled his eyes. "That's not the point. Couldn't you just apply heating charms?" he demanded. Harry rolled his eyes. "Of course we could have – but this way the in-coming dominants think we've been claimed and will leave us alone." He told them. The two dominants exchanged a look before groaning in frustration. "Why couldn't the two of you have been in Slytherin?!" Parvati snapped. "Oi, Patil! Keep your plague to yourself!" Draco Malfoy called from where he was standing a few feet away. Harry and Moonbeam looked offended, especially when they saw that the dominants in their House agreed with the blond. Huffing, they tugged themselves free of Dean and Parvati and made their way over to where the Hufflepuffs were standing, Cedric Diggory and Hannah Abbot immediately pulling the two demanding submissives into their arms. Diggory sent an amused look over at the Gryffindors and Slytherin they'd abandoned before distracting the two. Harry and Moonbeam obstinately ignored the pleading looks their friends were sending them in favor of listening to Cedric tell them about a pen-pal he had made over the summer from Beauxbatons. They were not a plague! They all fell silent when an excitable first year shouted, "It's a dragon!" "Don't be stupid!" called back Dennis Creevey, "It's a flying house!" Dennis's guess was closer. A giant carriage, pulled by Abraxans, landed gracefully on the castle