ok there is a lot to say. normally I don't update unless I get 2 reviews with more than one word however I am just writing this on a spur of the moment so I will not update as much as you may want. I have two other fanfics I need to finish first. Also I mention a lot of songs In this story I own none of them. I left links to you tube where you can listen to them. You don't have to but I would HIGHLY recommend it. If their is one song you listen to in this whole story then at least listen to this watch?v=QbLMOAOoqvk . this is Xion's theme from kingdom hearts it plays a pretty important role in the story. If you know about the song and character than you can probably guess why its used in this fanfiction. If you don't listen to it that's ok I put the lyrics in the fanfiction also one more important thing. I made it really easy to tell the difference between Bella's ability and dreams versus real life but I will tell you the differences anyway because I don't want people to miss it and get mad. ONE: when Bella id dreaming or her ability is in affect you notice the text is in italics and you will notice that it is in third person TWO: when it is real life it will not be in italics and it ill be in first person. Disclaimer: I don't own twilight or any of its characters. I also any music mentioned in this story. Giggles of glee echo, smiles of happiness permanent on their small faces. Twisting and turning, jumping and hopping. Their happiness caused the trees to sway and the forest to flourish. Soon the birds joined them in their giggles and the squirrels began to dance along with them. One had hair auburn in color while the other had midnight black hair. With sunset fast approaching the girls rushed to their spot on top a cliff. This is where they met and ever since then they have watched the twilight and breaking of dawn. No matter how many times they saw the sun set and rise it never ceased to amaze them. The array of colors that cast over the sky and water. It was truly a beautiful sight to behold. The glimmer of twilight and the brightness of a breaking dawn. As per ritual the midnight haired girl turned to her friend and spoke the words she had spoken many times before. " Promise you won't ever forget the time we spend together." She spoke her light grey eyes boring into dark brown ones. " I promise. Cross my heart and hope to die I'll never forget the look in your eye." Both girls giggled at the brown eyed girl's antics before they hooked pinky finger sealing their promise. Eyes glazed over and the midnight haired girl turned sadly to her friend and said " It's time to go your mom is going to come looking for you soon. Sleep tight Isa" Before the brown eyed girl known as Isa could reply the other girls disappeared. Leaving her alone in the wood. Everything changed in the split of an eye it began to rain heavily and thunder began to strike. The wind blew angrily and the lightning was furious. Young Isa stood there crying and screaming for the other girl to come back. She fell and stumbled becoming dirtied and bruise. With the last strength she could muster she screamed out in a pleading voice " A-" Wide eyed and gasping for breath I sit up on my bed. It's is not the first time I have had a dream about the two girls but it is the first time it ended so-so, sad. Sighing I get off my bed and wander over to the window. It was still dark but I could make out the silhouette of the city. My hands unconsciously wander to the cold metal key hanging around my neck. Whenever I woke from a dream I would always feel better when I felt the key. wandering over to my piano my mind flashes back to the dream. The girl's name was Isabella and the other girl's name starts with an A. Turning my attention back to my piano. The other promise from the game kingdom hearts is what I decide to play. I love this song because it was a beautiful the allowed me to exercise my hands. It requires a lot of movement and often the song rises in tempo and then slows back down causing my hearts to jump. I stop thinking and loose myself in the sound. Swaying back and forth slamming and dragging my hands masterfully over the piano. ( watch?v=KGVK9ShyWxw ). I end the melody just the way it began with a slow version of its chorus. "Isabella why do you wake so early." I don't even have to turn around to know it's my mother. "I just do it's in my genes" I say already knowing her response. She would say I didn't get it from her and then try to talk me out of going to Forks tomorrow. " well you didn't get it from me." I hear a shuffling sound and turn to see her standing next to me. "Look Bella I know I don't spend as much time with you as I should but I want-"before she can continue I cut her off. "This has nothing to do with you. I would like to see my father again and I hear the woods are nice down there. I like nature so it's two birds with one stone." She sighs before giving me a barely audible ok and getting up to leave. "Wait mom. Why did you name me Isabella? Is there someone in the family named that or something like that?" she lifts her eyebrows and gives me a questioning look. "Yes there is someone in the family with that name, I named you after you grandmother because she died before you met her and I thought it would be a nice name. I think I made a good choice since you grew up to look exactly like her. Now that I think about it I have a picture if you want to see" I give her a nod and sit back down at my piano. I half expected her to ask me why I had question her on my name but she just left. Even if she had asked I could have come up with a believable lie on the spot so I wasn't worried. Red LED lighted clock told me it was almost time. I grabbed my shoes and headed out to catch the sunrise on the roof of our house. It was something I had done since I could remember. Once there I sat and basked in the light given off by the dawn. As the sun begins to peek its head past the horizon those breathtaking colors capture my heart. The sky becomes an array of blue and orange with a tint of purple. Closing my eyes I smile at the warmth given off by the rising sun. For a second I hear the voice from my dreams. "Promise" whispered the voice. I quickly opened my eyes and looked around as if I would actually find someone. I didn't of course but I start to put unexplainable pieces together in my mind. My dreams, my name, my ability, and my ritual of seeing the break of dawn and the rise of the sun. None of it made sense but all of them fit together somehow. In my heart I knew that I would find the answer soon. I hear my mom call me down and sigh. I head down the stairs. It doesn't take long for me to get ready and head out into the taxi. I have been prepared for this trip for months. Stepping out of my house the whole scene felt as if I was leaving forever. "Goodbye Bella. I love you." Wrapping her arms around me my mom spoke again. "Call me and tell me all about the boys over at Forks" Rolling my eyes I squeezed my mom and told her I loved her before getting in the car. "wait Bella 's a box of all your grandmother's things" My mother handed me a metal box before stepping back and waving. "Thanks mom" I shout as I wave back to her. It felt right for me to be holding the box. I felt like it held some sort of secret although I found the thought of it being nothing but buttons or old pennies to be funny. I smirk as I imagine what my expression would be like if I found Pennies instead of some hidden clue. Staring out the window I take in the sight of my house, painted with the colors of dawn and shining with light of the sun. My eyes are forced off the sight of my house when the taxi begins to move. We pass my high school, which I will not miss, before we reach the highway leading to the airport. Getting lost in thought I don't even realize the driver turned on the radio. I was an outcast in my first two years of high school because I had to wear gloves in order to control my ability. It didn't bother me much though because my school was too large for people to remember who the outcasts are. I wonder how it will be at the new school especially since I can control my abilities now. Something big is going to happen. I feel it in my heart that my life is going to change and I don't know if I should be scared or excited. "Miss we are at the airport" I turn to see people rushing in and out of a large slide doors. I hate crowded places there are too many chances to make for me to accidentally touch someone. Even though I have my power under control I still don't want to risk it. So I slip on my gloves before paying the driver and exiting the taxi. "Miss Can you please take off your gloves?" asks the officer standing next to one of the scanners. I comply taking off my gloves and putting them through the scanner before going through the metal scanners. Afterwards I head to the waiting area. I hope I don't have to wait long are the only words in my head at the time but a couple caught my attention. A man with blond hair and a woman with caramel hair both with butterscotch eyes were sitting in the seats directly across from me. Why they caught my attention I'm not entirely sure but it might have something to do with their unnatural appearance. My plane number is called for boarding interrupting my rude staring. Getting up I head towards my plane dragging my luggage. Me being the clumsy person I am I tripped while trying to get on the plane. In that moment cold hands grip my own hand. Immediately my powers activate but I push back the person's memories, stopping them from getting into my head. "Are you ok miss?" says the man who helped me. "Ye-"I stop speaking when I see who it is. The man I was staring at before. Quickly getting over my shock I remove my hand from his. "Yes I'm ok, thank you." He gives me a kind smile. One you would expect from a doctor. As I safely get on the plane following right behind the blond haired man I find that we are going to be sitting next to each other for the plane ride. "It appears we will be sitting next to each other. My name is Carlisle Cullen and this is my wife Esme." Now