" A new baby is like the beginning of all things- wonder, hope, a dream of possibilities ." Eda J LeShan " Sometimes, the smallest things take up the most room in your heart. " A.A. Milne My heart is lodge up into my throat. How did I believe for a second, this wold be any easy is beyond comprehension, but here I am, watching a grainy image of a tiny bean with arms and legs and most miraculous of all: an insistent heart beat. I'm terrified of course! Not of the small speck in the screen- the beginning of a person that's currently growing deep in my womb- I'm terrified, not of the child I'm carrying inside of me, but the realistic possibility that the world as we know it will change, and become inhospitable again, after all we've done to make it a safe place for children to thrive. Still, every loud thump-thump transmitted through the monitor, bounces of the walls, resonating in the examination room. The deafening reality of my child's heart beats pushes the nagging fears to the back of my brain... at least momentarily. The thing is, that even though this life changing event was planned, wanted and wholly expected, knowing there's a real being residing in my most secret places, depending solely on me, not just to survive, but to be made from scratch into a sentient, living person, has left me breathless and choked up in tears. I manage to wrench my eyes away from the sonogram screen to seek Peeta, to ask what he thinks, how he feels, but I'm not sure this will be a situation in which he'll be able to answer any of my questions. I was so lost in the image of our baby, I hadn't realized how close to the screen he was. His nose is almost touching it, but his hand though, it's still squeezing mine like a lifeline. Old habits die hard, even during good-scary situations. What amazes me about this moment is Peeta's ability to simultaneously sob and laugh, and still look so handsome, so steady, so sure of himself and of us. I remember how I found the courage to embark in this pregnancy. It was him and his wholesomeness. Of course I would give him the joys of a family! To be honest, I've been paralyzed with fear ever since we started trying, but right this second, as I see the first picture of my little miracle, I can feel the excitement growing, and the reservations taking a second row seat. The feelings this tiny person is already eliciting from both of us are completely alien and contradictory, but I know, at the end of the day, we will be alright... We have each other. Peeta finally turns to face me, his cheeks are drenched in tears, his eyes are red-rimmed, but the blue of his irises glow like I've never seen them before. His smile is broader than the first time I properly told him I loved him, during the exposing daylight. I'm mesmerized by this new happiness reflected on his features, I think my heart just expanded one size bigger to accommodate my deepening feelings for him. "We just saw our baby for the very first time," he says quietly, biting his trembling lip, "real, or not real?" The question takes me aback. We haven't play this game in years, but I guess all things considered, it's use is warranted and pertinent. "Real," I rasp barely above a raw whisper. "I'm gonna be a daddy, real or not real?" "Real, Peeta. You're gonna be the most wonderful daddy there ever was!" And that's the last thing I will be saying for hours, since I'm crying uncontrollably now. 2 years later... I tip-toe into the nursery, my threatd quieter than when I'm tracking skittish prey during the first fall of autumn. What I find in the room painstakingly painted by artist's hands into a fairytale-world-come-to-life, is becoming a recurring event: Peeta is past out in the rocking chair, an open story book cradled in his hands splayed on his taught stomach, our daughter's favorite baby blanket tucked under his arm, while our toddler sits on the floor- very awake!- playing with her toys quietly. A bright grin around a pink pacifier greets me, as soon as big, round, blue eyes framed by the longest dark lashes, spy me sneaking into the nursery. "Hi ladybug! Did you escaped daddy's sleepy arms again?" I whisper smiling, lifting my little girl from the floor. My daughter giggles, "Dada sleep!" she says. "Yes! I know! Dada is exhausted from working such long hours at the bakery, but we will kiss him awake, so we can tuck you into your warm little bed, and mama and dada can go night-night too! What do you think about that?" After the little girl squeals, we do just that: take turns leaving kisses - some more drooly than others- onto Peeta's face, until tired, sleepy blue eyes open up slowly, and smile shines through. "There's no better way to come to, than to the sight of my beautiful girls!" He says trying to stifle a yawn. "Come on, dada. Give your baby a kiss, and lay her to sleep," He doesn't waste time doing so, but after the nursery's light is off, he lingers outside the door, until our little girl's breaths evens out. 1 year later... "One more push, Katniss! Give me one more push, and then you can rest!" I barely register the frantic encouragements of the midwife above the rushing of my own blood in my ears. I still bare my teeth, and brace myself with for the incoming contraction. I growl and push with my last ounce of strength, and slump backwards on the bedding that's already soaked with perspiration. "You are doing a wonderful job, sweetie, I can't begin to tell you how much I love you, how grateful and humbled I am for what you're doing right now for giving birth to our children! there aren't any words to express how amazing you are, Katniss. Thank you for carrying my babies and making me a father! I love you more and more for that!" soothes Peeta in soft whispers against my temple, as he blots the sweat off my face, neck and chest. As always, our hands have remained linked together since the moment my legs were lifted unto the stirrups, and labor started in earnest. I have no strength to respond. I'm so tired, so spent, all I want to do is close my eyes and fall asleep, but I feel the pressure of my hips shifting and expanding, pulling apart, and the spasmodic tension seizing my belly muscles, I know there'll be no rest for me yet. It's surprising to me, how much childbirth hurts. I've been electrocuted by my own rigged arrow, shot in the gut which led to a busted spleen, I've been chased by poisonous gas, fallen from trees bruising my tailbone and rendering my ankle useless for weeks, I've been burned to a crisp, and felt the pangs of starvation and the desperation of morphling withdrawals, but never a pain has hurt as bad as giving birth. How did I go through with this once, and then decided I was willing to do it all over one more time? My contraction comes without mercy, so I grit my teeth once more, and push with all my might. The sound that leaves the back of my throat is raw and feral. "Push, Katniss, push!" The midwife cries out. " "It's almost over, sweetheart... It's almost here!" Peeta says with moderate excitement. I bear down one more time, growling ferociously, digging my nails into Peeta's flesh as I push with all my might, my voice comes out as a raw scream the moment my body feels like is being pulled inside out, but my breathless shout it's soon drown out by the shrillest, most precious sound that ever existed... The cries of brand new lungs, that fill with air for the very first time, to communicate the displeasure at finding the outside world so bright and harsh. "It's a boy, Mister Mellark!" An excited midwife shouts, "Congratulations to you both!" she calls enthusiastically. Gloved hands work fast, to clean the afterbirth as gently as they possibly can, but all I can register is that the warmth of Peeta's strong hand has left mine uncovered and empty. I faintly turn my head in the direction Peeta was murmuring sweet nothings into my ear not a moment ago, and suddenly I remember why and how, was so easy to forget the pain and agony of my daughter's birth three years earlier. Peeta's holding our brand new baby boy in his arms with such awe and adoration on his face, tears happiness prickle at my eyes. I see tears already sliding silently down Peeta's wide open eyes, I see him mouthing numbers as he counts ten impossibly tiny fingers and toes, while the nurse fusses with a soft rag, wiping down the newborn in his daddy's arms. After the nurse is done, she steps away, allowing us some much needed privacy. Peeta cradles our son's head in one big hand, while the other one gently adjusts a tiny knitted hat atop it, and maneuvers a think blanket to wrap it around the child with practiced ease. My beloved Peeta was always meant to be a daddy, I will never regret taking that final leap with him, and the babe is so small, he fits in his father's forearm from head to toes and still has a few inches to spare before he can toe the bend of his daddy's elbow. Once Peeta is satisfied, declaring our son to be sufficiently spruced up to meet the "pretty lady!" he leans into my bed, and carefully, slowly, lays our baby on my chest. "He's perfect," he murmurs holding back tears. My heavy leaded arms revitalize with the feel of the weight and warmth on my beautiful child's body, filling them. My newborn is all round, pink cheeks, and puckered lips that seek my breast instinctually. Unlike his sister who had a head full of dark fuzzy locks, this baby has soft, fine, golden downy hair on his otherwise bold head. I believe he will undoubtedly take after his dad, and my heart swoons with the thought. I can't wait to see if this will be a miniature Peeta, I believe my heart would burst. I hear Peeta chuckle, as our son gets rowdier in his quest for milk. To help the child out, Peeta pulls aside the cloth of my hospital gown covering my chest, freeing my breasts. The babe latches on immediately and starts sucking with brutal force. I wince at the foreign sensation, it takes a few minutes to get used to it, and a small, nervous chuckle leaves my mouth at the wet, suckling noises my son is making. "I think he gets his appetite from me," I say sheepishly, with a wane smile. Peeta climbs on the narrow bed, circling an arm around me, while our son feeds vigorously. "It's a good thing he was born to a huntress and a baker then," he laughs joyfully, massaging my shoulders lovingly. "Yeah," I agree caressing our baby's cheek and surreptitiously counting his fingers again, because I can't get enough of how tiny he is. The nurse knocks on the door, and steps in quietly, "Katniss, Peeta... Mister Abernathy is outside, escorting an inpatient Big Sister. The anxiety to come inside, gets more evident with every passing minute," "Oh, tell Big Sister that there's no need to get anxious, she can come right in!" Says Peeta with a bright smile. "Oh no, she's not the anxious one," says the nurse winking playfully, "Her companion is!" We all get a good laugh at Haymitch's expanse and soon they're being ushered in, to meet