For this Percy Jackson oneshot, we will be focusing on Calypso Nereid; shy nerd, a sweet girl who just wants adventure. Be warned that this is AU and modern day, meaning there are no demigods/gods/Greek Mythology. This is also for the Challenges by the Dozen challenge for the Caesar's Palace forum, which you should totally check out in your free time. This is also for the Caesar's Palace Monthly One Shot Challenge; f or Vixray. Without further ado, here is "Perspective"! Enjoy! The flyer, printed on a bright orange paper, was the most exciting thing that ever happened to Calypso Nereid. More or less, it was an invitation; for everyone in Half-Blood High School, to a dance. It was her chance, and this flyer was her ticket to becoming more social. Calypso could just picture it in her mind; no longer would she be the nerd, who was never noticed. Just another head in the back of the classroom, always raising her hand to answer questions, and quite frankly, a teacher's pet. But if she attended this social gathering, it could be her one-way chance to making friends. You haven't made friends since...him. Leo Valdez. A voice in the back of her head pointed out; her conscience. Calypso cringed at the memory of Leo and tried to smother it down. But no matter what she did, now that she thought of him, he would be in her mind for the rest of the day. He's dead. Leo Valdez: best friend, well-liked in the school, and her one true love. Yet he was gone; banished from the face of the earth, dead, and gone from existence. It was a car crash. One simple, mistake that was by far not serendipity, changed life forever; at least, from the way Calypso saw it. It had been a few months ago; a long time, yet the pain was still fresh, like a wound reopening. He had died on a Sunday, the day before students would be coming back to school after a two-day weekend. But he would never be coming back, not ever. Half-Blood High had been particularly solemn and grim that day. Calypso didn't even know why at first. Yet as she walked down the corridors of the two-story building, she knew something was wrong; people were shooting sympathetic looks at her, they were coming up to her and telling her that they were sorry. Finally she asked someone during homeroom what they were talking about. And then, after two words - Leo's gone - her world fell apart. The worst thing that ever happened to her was looking at his empty desk once she heard the news. Empty; not used, never would be used again. Who would want to sit in a seat where a recently-dead person once sat? And still the world went on; teachers assigned homework and students got detention. Everything went on - except her for. Calypso was the world's exception; she was the opposite. Everything had changed. When she had visited the guidance counselor, Mrs. Porter, she had just shrugged and gave her a half-hearted smile. "Have you just considered just forgetting about it, Miss Nereid? Death is a natural part of life; it happens to everyone someday. Leo just so happened to die when he was 15. You may live to an old, ripe age. But think about it; no one finds their sweetheart in high school." Mrs. Porter had laughed at her own statement and turned away, a clear sign that she wasn't open to talking about the subject anymore. Looking back at it now, Calypso thought that Mrs. Porter was wrong. Mrs. Porter had gone through several husbands and divorces and had no idea what 'true love' really was. Who was she to tell her that no one found their sweethearts in high school? A jangling sound, most likely caused from keys, could suddenly be heard throughout the house. Calypso could sense it through her open bedroom door; she knew exactly who it was, and she smiled for one of the first times today. It was her father, Philip Nereid. Before she raced downstairs to say hi to him, Calypso knew his motives. First, he would kick off his shoes and leave the pair scattered clumsily by the door. Then, he would drop his overflowing, black briefcase near the same spot of his shoes. After that, Philip would walk into the kitchen and grab a quick snack - normally an apple or some type of fruit of sorts. And if Calypso wasn't there, he would call her over. Today was no exception. He followed straight through the schedule as usual, and when Calypso was to be called, she grabbed the flyer excitedly and ran down the stairs, her caramel blonde-brown braid flying behind her. She was too focused on her giddiness and anxiousness that she didn't notice Philip's bloodshot eyes, his weary look on his face. She did pause for a moment to give him a quick peck on the cheek, but after that, it was all about her. "You'll never guess what happened today." Philip rubbed his red eyes, which had dark circles under them. However, he responded, "What is it? A boy?" He joked. Calypso made a face at him, but didn't even think about the late, deceased Leo this time. "No. Well, school's hosting a spring dance! We're free then, right?" She pushed the bright-colored paper towards him. Philip looked at it, and the moment he saw what day it was to be held, his heart sank. He really didn't want to break Calypso's heart. He really didn't. "Um, i-it's the 28th of this month, right?" Of course, Philip already knew the answer. He just didn't want to believe it. Calypso nodded, the smile half-vanishing from her face. "Why? Are you okay, Dad?" She reached her arm towards him and touched his arm in a comforting way. Her voice a mask of concern; her eyebrows were knit into a worried frown and her eyes were reaching out to him. But she was going to be so disappointed when she heard the news. Philip fidgeted in his seat. "Well, you see...there's a problem." Calypso's smile disappeared completely and her dark brown eyes narrowed. Her grip on his arm tightened. Philip felt so bad bursting her bubble of excitement and ecstasy, but he had no choice. And…?" "Do you remember Gleeson Hedge, my co-worker?" Without waiting for an answer from his only child, Philip pressed on. "His wife's out of town, he's working, and their usual babysitter is out sick. He doesn't have anyone to watch his daughter. H-he asked me to ask you if you could babysit...the 28th." Calypso yanked her hand away from his arm, as if she was just burned. Philip was nervous to meet her eyes, but he dared himself to. They were angry, and it looked as if lasers were shooting out of them. If looks could kill, he could be 6 feet under right now. She leaped to her feet, and took a step back, trying to put space between her and her so-called parental unit. "You don't understand." Calypso said, her voice shaking and choked up, possibly with tears - tears that Philip himself caused. "You don't understand." She repeated. Philip tried to redeem himself. "Look, I know you want to make friends. But, when you graduate from high school, none of that will matter; being popular, social life. You're free to be a new person - any person you want to do." A tear managed to slip from Calypso's eye, breaking her tough facade. "I just want to fit in. I want to belong." "If you really wanted to belong, you would've joined after school clubs in the beginning of the year." She turned to him, with so many emotions on her face; disappointment, sadness, and anger. Mostly anger. She pointed at him with a shaky finger. "Get away from me." This made Philip angry. He didn't raise his daughter this way; he didn't ever teach her fury like this. "Don't speak to me that way, young lady. You're grounded." Tears welled up, for the second time, in Calypso's eyes. "Don't talk to me! I hate you!" She was crying freely now, tears flowing down her face like a cascading waterfall. "Don't ever talk to me again!" She turned on her heel, and bolted towards the stairs. All Philip could hear was the angry footsteps pounding on the steps. Then, there was the heart-wrenching slam of her bedroom door, and the click of the lock. He let out a breath he didn't even know he was holding. They were broken; both of them. A family; broken apart by only three words: I hate you. Sometimes, as humans, we make mistakes. We don't mean things. But Calypso Nereid was absolutely certain that she meant those words. That she hated her father. That she never wanted to speak to him again. The next day started off fairly normal. Calypso woke up at her usual time. She had eaten breakfast. And she had managed to avoid her father all morning. During last period History, she tuned out the teacher and thought about the dance. She was going to go, babysitter or otherwise. Her father didn't understand that this was her one, and only, time she would reach out to other people. Whatever she said, she was jealous of the girls who always giggled with friends and passed notes during class when the teacher wasn't looking. She was jealous of them when they whipped out cell phones and texted under their desks. Calypso was most jealous of their social life; they were invited to parties, they hung out after school, they did homework together. Let's face it - she was jealous. If anything, the Nereid girl just wanted the school day to stretch out forever. She didn't want to go home and face her father again when he came home from work. She just wanted to crawl under a rock and hide, possibly for life, or just long enough that she could make enough money to buy a house of her own. She would even settle for an apartment, or a studio apartment. Yes, Calypso was still mad at her father - he didn't understand high school life. After all, high school was years before for him. Calypso was experiencing high school right now. He didn't know anything about modern day school, compared to her. When the bell rang, her heart sank. Well aware she might miss the bus, Calypso gathered up her books and put them into her bag as slowly as she possibly could go without missing her ride. On the ride home, she pulled her earbuds out of her backpack, as well as her phone. She proceeded to insert the earbuds into her ears and clicked a playlist at random. Top of the World by Greek Fire began to play. She closed her eyes and leaned her forehead against the glass of the window. Once they turned onto her street, a girl Calypso never seen before turned and tapped her on the shoulder. "Why are there police in front of your house?" The girl's dark brown eyes looked concerned; concerned for Calypso's safety. This was the closest Calypso come to a friend in the past handful of months. Calypso yanked her earbuds out. "Could you repeat that?" She asked, trying for a polite tone. But her voice was trembling; she had heard every word of what the girl said, even with her earbuds inserted. She just didn't want it to be true. The girl repeated herself, and then pointed out the window. Calypso turned, with a sinking heart; it was true. Yellow police tape blocked the entrance to her house, and police cars were parked up and down her empty driveway. Calypso racked her brains to think of any wrongdoings she had committed. None that she could think of. But what about her father? Had he stolen