This is my first attempt at a Percy Jackson fanfiction! This time around, we will be focusing on a series of oneshots featuring Calypso and Leo Valdez. To clarify, this will be modern day and AU, which also means that demigods, monsters, and Olympians don't exist. Calypso and Leo will be regular, high-school people. Also, I have made up families for them; Leo's mother is still alive but the father ran off with some other woman. Calypso has a father, but her mother died from cancer when she was young. Just keep that in mind when you're reading this. These oneshots will be for the Caesar's Palace Forum, which is a really cool forum for writing contests and challenges . This particular prompt is for Challenges by the Dozen; Level One , and it's also for Caesar's Challenge: Level One; Serendipity. Without further ado, I hope you enjoy! "Does anyone know how to solve this?" Leo Valdez glanced briefly up at the chalkboard with his dark brown eyes to see the math expression scribbled across of it. He cocked his head slightly at the problem, with no answer. All around him, there were pencils scratching across notebooks and hands were flying in the air to answer. But he was lost in a sea of nerds and smart people. How was he put into an advanced class in the first place? The last two years running, he had barely squeaked by with a GPA just lower than average. There was nowhere he belonged in this math classroom; no place to hide. Leo switched his attention from the chalkboard to the clock. Only another sixty seconds until the minute hand struck the designated time where the final bell would ring and he would be done for the day. He tried to use magical powers - ones that he was well aware he didn't have - to move the clock along faster but it worked to no avail. Figures. "Mister Valdez?" He snapped his head away from the clock and to Mrs. Mellie, who was standing in front of his desk with a concerned expression on her face. She continued as soon as she saw him glancing in her direction, "Can you solve this problem?" The classroom was the picture of silence as all of his classmates patiently waited for the answer. The silence only made the pressure intensify. Leo's throat immediately dried up, out of panic. Before, he could just tell a joke and brush it off. Before, he could just give an unfathomable answer and act like he'd done it on purpose. But now he was in advanced classes, and he had to act like he belonged, not like he was hiding out. "Uh…" Leo's crackly, hoarse voice trailed off. He cleared his throat and looked at the board again, trying to speed-solve the expression. Or rather, he was pretending to. When the bell rang, it was like he was drowning but was just thrown a life buoy. He picked up his pencil and notebook, stuffing it into his bookbag. Then he slung the backpack on one shoulder and made a beeline for the exit. "There's the bell! Gotta go!" Leo called over his shoulder in case Mrs. Mellie needed an explanation. He was surely sure she would let him off the hook. He was wrong - very wrong. Leo was halfway out the door before Mrs. Mellie called him back. "Mister Valdez, I need to talk to you for a minute. Come over here." She could've yelled at him, but she was not the type. She was much too soft and sweet to be angry. When Leo still didn't budge, Mrs. Mellie gestured to her desk. The Valdez boy sighed in defeat and slunk to the other side of the room, where his teacher was tolerantly waiting for him. Every step felt like torture; he just wanted to get out of there. Was he going to be cornered about his near-failing grades, or worse? Was he going to be kicked out of advanced math and downgraded to a lower level? He'd be the laughingstock of the brainiacs. His feet betrayed his body, bringing him closer to Mrs. Mellie and his inevitable death sentence. When Leo finally arrived, he was silent as the young math teacher gestured to an empty chair. "Have a seat." Leo plopped into the chair, refusing to meet her gaze. She sighed and began by looking him in the eyes. "Are you feeling okay? Something is not right." If only she knew just what's not right, Leo thought to himself miserably, thinking negative thoughts to himself, which wasn't surprising when it came to the subject of math. He found himself answering, but not truthfully. "I guess I'm coming down with a late-spring flu." He forced out a cough to demonstrate, but even to him it sounded fake. "You know - all the pollen and whatnot." Mrs. Mellie looked unconvinced. "Leo, you have been doing nothing much in my class the whole year, since September. I've tried everything I could - nothing works. I've even tried to make it fun and make some games for the class. But yet you still don't pay attention." She began to look a bit guilty, her face rearranging from its standard 'teacher' look. "I've had no choice but to fail you this semester." With that, Leo leaped up from the seat like he'd just been shot out of a cannon, like what he'd seen at the circus before. Only one word echoed around his brain: fail. Fail led to many different things; classes after school, or even worse: summer school. Oh, how disappointed his mother would be. She wouldn't be mad at him, but she would sort of hint at how she wanted him to work harder. Leo wasn't sure if this failing business would push her over the edge. "Fail?!" He exclaimed, as if he couldn't believe what was happening. Leo pinched himself; no, it wasn't a dream. Mrs. Mellie turned away, and spoke even softer. "I know you'd be upset; but you simply haven't learned anything all year." She turned back to him, with lament in her eyes. "Answer me honestly, Mister Valdez. Do you recall anything about radicals?" "No." His voice was flat, but layered underneath the monotone was sorrow and disappointment. "I thought as much." She chided him in an admonishing tone. Mrs. Mellie herself couldn't imagine sitting in a class but not learning anything. Of course, that could've just been because she had been a nerd during her time in school. Mrs. Mellie decided to take another step in the plan, though she promised herself she wouldn't go there. But she just couldn't stand for Leo to be emotionally hurt and depressed. "Okay, I'll tell you what. If you manage to score a B-plus or higher on the end of the year exam, I'll take you out of summer school." Leo looked up at her, with a new light in his eyes, with a sliver of hope in his heart. "Really?" "Really." Then his world came crashing down again, all in one clump. From this new thought, there was no way he could even get past this. Even if he took a retest a hundred times. "But," He began, sounding like a whiny little boy. Leo toned down the complaining pitch and continued with a more mature, rational way of speaking. "How will I study? If anyone knows how I can't concentrate to even pay attention in class, it's you. How will I be able to memorize all the concepts?" Mrs. Mellie thought quickly, and soon after, she grabbed a piece of paper from her desk. She plucked a discarded pen from the orderly, organized workspace and scribbled down a name. When she was finished, she thrust it at him. "Here; this is a name of a tutor who should be able to help you. She has helped many students improve in every subject." It's a she? Leo wondered, his heart sinking as soon as he registered the words. He wasn't much good with girls, or even people in general. He glanced down at the paper he'd just been given, looking at Mrs. Mellie's neat scrawl. And right in the middle, there was a single name: Calypso Nereid. He looked back up at his teacher and stuffed the name into his pocket. "Thanks, Mrs. Mellie. I think I can do this." "Of course you can. That's why we put you in advanced class; you're smart, but you just need to apply it." Really, the only class Leo thought he belonged in was the Special Ed. class, with his ADHD and all. Nevertheless, he told his teacher, "Let her know she can meet me in the library tomorrow after school if she's not busy." "My pleasure. Hurry now, you don't want to miss the bus!" Leo was out of the room in an instant, his bag slung securely over his shoulders. His first stop was his locker, which luckily was right down the hall; he grabbed his homework assignments and then slammed the locker door shut. Then he ran towards the front door, where through the glass partition he could see the first of the buses pulling away. Well, at least he was one of the last buses. And at least it had all been worth it; if he had realized he had failed math any later, he would have been even more shocked and distressed. But forearmed was forewarned, as his mother liked to say. Leo now had a ascending feeling that everything was going to be alright. The next day after school, Leo entered the library with his mind set to study and learn, nothing else. He chose a table at random, the one nearest to the door. He wanted to sit there just in case he lost his mind - which was a likely situation - and he could run out of there right away if he did so. He began to drum his fingers on the table as he waited, eventually turning his thoughts to who this recommended tutor was going to be. Was it going to be one of the nerds from his advanced math class who probably already knew all about how ungifted Leo was? Would it be someone older? He wasn't sure. The minutes ticked by. Just as he was about to pack up, call it quits, and assume she wasn't coming, a caramel-haired, dark-eyed beauty burst into the library. And Leo's heart almost stopped. She was drop-dead gorgeous, with her hair tied up in a simple braid, yet it managed to look beautiful on her. The said girl looked around a little bit, but then smiled at him and starting to come towards him. Leo's brain had turned to mush, and the only thing he could focus on was her sweet smile. So much for getting his mind study-ready and learning-ready, anyhow. Forget about that. This girl looked like she had stepped right off the pages of a teen magazine. She reached him and stuck out her hand. "Hi, I'm Calypso. Calypso Nereid." She caught his eye and smiled again. "I'm going to be your tutor." Leo stared at her hand, dumbfounded. This was his tutor? For some reason, he had imagined some kind of average-looking girl, wearing ratty old clothes with unbrushed hair. But this was so much more different than his old visions. His second thought was, oh, brother. I'm never going to be able to concentrate anymore. Finally, he snapped himself out of his reverie and took her hand, pumping it up and down enthusiastically. "What's up. I'm Leo Valdez." For good measure, he added, "But I'm sure you already knew that." She chuckled and shrugged her backpack off, letting it drop to the floor. Calypso was wearing a simple, aquamarine-colored Gap hoodie and black leggings, but it managed to look glamorous on her, as always. Likewise with her shoes, which were just plain sneakers that were