This is dedicated to our lovely, wonderful friend Belle453 on her birthday. Without moving from her bed, Madge can just about reach the corner of her curtain; enough to tug it back a couple of inches to reveal a patch of clear sky outside. "I think that's the first time since October I've seen a blue sky." She turns a little in Gale's arms and nudges his side. "We should do something today." "I know exactly what I want to do today," he says with a smirk while running his hand up her thigh to cup her bare ass and pull her closer to him. Madge giggles as he peppers kisses along her neck, but she pushes him back just a little. While she has no objection to spending another day in bed with Gale, it's a beautiful, dry Sunday morning and she wants to get out and enjoy it. And quite frankly, her vagina could use the break. "Where do you get your energy from?" she asks as Gale's hand slips between her legs to tease her. "I have eight months of fantasies and dreams to work through and, uh-" he stops, his attention caught by something over Madge's shoulder. She twists to see what it is. There's a photograph of her parents beaming down at them from her night stand. "Is it the picture?" "No." Gale carefully nudges a book from the middle of the pile behind the picture and holds it up so she can read the title. Irish names for your baby. "Anything you want to tell me?" Madge blushes. "No. Nothing like that. It was in the swap box in the library one day so I brought it home to read… When I first got here, I was trying to open a bank account." Gale makes a sound of despair, and she nods in agreement. "It was a nightmare, and the lady serving me was kind of a bitch. Her name badge had this word on it." She flicks through the book to the S section and taps her finger under a name. Sadhbh. I asked her how to pronounce it and she said 'Sive'. I thought she was taking the piss out of me because I was a foreigner, so I yelled at her and demanded that somebody else serve me." Gale's body is shaking with laughter. "And then, the next day I told Delly the story and she told me that is how it's pronounced and I haven't been able to go back to the bank since. So I saw this book in the box and decided that I should probably learn how to pronounce people's names. Turns out the world has been pronouncing Caitlin wrong this whole time." Gale takes the book from her and turns to the M pages. "What would you be called if you'd been born here?" She has already looked it up. "Máiread, I guess, that's the closest to Margaret." "Máire, maybe, or Muireann," Gale says. "Oh, no this is the one. Meabh, meaning 'intoxicating' or 'the cause of great joy'. That sounds right. I have been intoxicated by you from the moment we met and you cause me great joy every day. Most recently, last night when you were on top." Madge smiles brightly at him and pushes him onto his back, positioning herself so that she's sitting astride his hips. She rocks against him, feeling him grow hard beneath her. "I'll show you great joy." "I thought you wanted to go do something," Gale says, though from the way his tight grip on her hips holds her in place, Madge is reasonably confident he's only teasing her. "I've decided, I want to do you," she says. Since moving to Dublin last year, Madge has become a huge fan of the singer Gavin James. So Gale had scored major boyfriend points when he had produced tickets to his sold out gig for their first real date. Madge is on a high from the concert, as she always is after watching live music. "That was amazing, thank you," she says, kissing Gale soundly when they emerge from the venue. "Do you want to go for a drink?" She half expects Gale to say no. They're in the Temple Bar area of the city; an area that Gale usually loathes and Madge had quickly learned to avoid at nights, especially on the weekends but loves to visit during the day. At the weekends, the area is thronged with tourists, including hoards of stag and hen parties from the UK, but tonight, a blustery January weeknight, it's quiet, though there's still a lively buzz that shows why it had become such a popular area with revellers in the first place. That's probably the only reason Gale agrees to staying there for a drink. He steers her into a pub and she grabs two seats while he gets them drinks. "Can I keep these?" she asks, holding up their two tickets. Gale settles into the seat beside her and wraps his arm around her shoulder. "Sure." "I want to put them in my Ireland scrapbook. Or I might start a Gale scrapbook and put them in that." She smiles and puts them into her purse. "We are so lucky you were able to get them." "I bought them last October actually," Gale admits sheepishly. She looks at him in surprise. Gavin James wasn't the type of musician Gale normally liked. "I knew you liked him so I was going to ask you to come with me, but then I chickened out because it was four months away and I thought it would be weird." "Gale…" He had been planning to ask her out that long ago? She has to bite her tongue to keep the 'I love you' back. It's far too early for that, but right at this moment her heart swells with love for him. She leans in and kisses him instead. "Thank you." She grabs a fistful of his sweater and pulls him in for another kiss. Madge is not normally one for such blatant displays of public affection, but she's overcome with the romantic gesture and still buzzing from the concert so pulls him even closer, letting her hands roam over his chest and through his hair. It's Gale who pulls away, looking flustered and pink-cheeked, though he keeps his arm tight around her. "This is nice," Madge says, meaning that they can be openly affectionate. It's fun sneaking around at work, but she likes being able to kiss Gale whenever she wants or to touch him when she feels like it. "Yeah, one of the advantages of coming here I suppose is that nobody…. oh for fuck's sake. This is such a small fucking country." "Is it somebody from work?" Madge asks, looking around the pub. Gale shakes his head. "No. See yer one over there, in the blue?" He jerks his chin very slightly in the direction of a tall, striking woman in a cobalt blue dress. "And the one she's talking to." A gorgeous redhead. "I used to go out with both of them." Madge's eyebrows shoot upwards. "Not at the same time," Gale clarifies hastily. "I went out with Lisa when we were in second year of college. And then Roisin about two years ago." "Oh." Madge analyses the two women. Both tall and gorgeous. "For how long?" "Six, eight months, something like that." Gale takes a sip of his beer. "I didn't even know they knew each other. They didn't when I knew them." Across the room, the two women become aware that Gale and Madge are watching them. They grin and wave, clearly they had seen Gale long before he had spotted them. He groans quietly as they saunter over. "Hello, Gale," they purr. He stands up to greet them with a quick hug. "How do you two know each other?" "Oh, we met on the ex-girlfriends of Gale Hawthorne Facebook page," Lisa says. She winks in Madge's direction. "Look us up." "This is Madge," Gale says, sitting down again. "Lisa, Roisin." "It's nice to meet you," Madge says. She slides her hand down Gale's thigh in what she hopes is a subtle but clear message. He's mine now. Gale catches her hand and weaves their fingers together. "So how long have the two of you being going out?" "Um, about a month now," Gale tells them. "God, you're fierce coupley for only a month," Lisa teases. "How's he treating you?" "Very nicely," Madge says with a smile for her boyfriend. "Good to hear; he was a disaster when we were going out," Lisa grins, giving his knee a nudge. The girls chat with them for a few minutes, mostly filling Gale on people he used to know but lost contact with. Their brothers are dating, which is how they met each other. Madge takes it as a good sign that Gale's ex-girlfriends still seem fond of him, though she really doesn't like how they keep touching him and she's relieved when they go back to join the rest of their friends. Madge and Gale finish up their drinks. They walk hand in hand to the city centre to catch the Luas back to Madge's apartment. "They're nice. How come you broke up with them?" Madge asks. Gale shrugs. "Dunno really, things just ran their course with both of them." "Oh." She wonders if that could happen to them. Will he get bored of her in a few months? "No," Gale says, stopping abruptly and pulling her to him. "I know what you're thinking, and you can stop it right now. Things with them were never like it is with you. I've never felt like this about anybody else. Not those girls, not Katniss, not anybody." Madge kisses him. "Me too." Gale grins and wraps his arm around her, holding her to his side as they walk together. Gale walks into the office that Tuesday morning looking ridiculously cute in a hand knitted sweater. It's burgundy, with flecks of blue and grey that bring out his amazing eyes. It takes all of Madge's self-restraint not to throw herself at him. Delly had organised a girl's day out on Sunday to celebrate her birthday and on Monday Gale had been attending a course; so they haven't seen each other in two days, which is the longest time they've been apart since getting together at Christmas. They've texted and talked on the phone non-stop, but Madge is going out of her skin with a need to touch him. Especially now when he looks extra cuddly in that sweater. Instead she has to settle for a nonchalant hello as he sits at his desk and turns on his computer. Pretending that nothing is happening between them and that they're just good friends is so hard. She manages to act normal for thirty minutes before excusing herself to make a cup of tea. She boils the kettle and waits for Gale to join her. But when she turns around at the sound of footsteps behind her, it's Delly who walks into the kitchenette and not Gale. "Have you and Gale had a row?" Delly asks. "What? No. Why would you think that?" "Before Christmas, you spent about eighty-five percent of your time flirting with each other and giving each other 'fuck me' looks. And I know Gale stole all the strawberry ones from the roses and gave them to you. But since we came back, you two barely talk to each other and you act like you're just work colleagues." "We are work colleagues," Madge reminds her, turning back to the task of making her tea, hiding her bright red face from Delly. Delly scoffs. "Madge, I have spent the last eight months watching the two of you flirt your arses off and fall in love. You are not just work colleagues. Plus, Declan Ryan said he saw the two of you shifting at the