Author's note: Hold onto your buns folks, it's going to be a steamy day in the oven... The night was hot. Katniss lay on their bed, in nothing but a thin tank top and pants she had cut into shorts. The wind blowing in through the open door was slightly cooler than the stale heat in the house, but still not enough to lessen the sweat on her brow. She could hear Peeta downstairs, cleaning up from some baking he had squeezed in during the coolest part of the evening. The sound of a bread pan being stacked on the counter. The faucet turning off. He scooted in a chair, one she most likely forgot to scoot in. She was still working on that kind of thing. She shifted onto her back, tapping the mattress with her fingers. She had energy, her and Peeta had done nothing all day but sit inside to avoid the heat. She wasn't the least bit tired. She could hear him leave the kitchen as his footsteps quieted once on the hardwood floor. She didn't feel like sleeping. In fact, what she felt right now was quiet the opposite. Katniss was so lucky to have Peeta in so many ways. But in a way she never sought out was what she was yearning for. Peeta Mellark had a way of making love that was the most pleasurable thing in Panem. A baker truly does have a way with his hands. His body. And Katniss could think of nothing more. Peeta neared the doorway, his shadow flicking in a few steps before him. "I swear I could bake without an oven right now..." Peeta wiped his forehead off on his sleeve. Sighing as he paused in the doorway, glancing to Katniss. "Why don't you try." She rolled over to face him. "Maybe later." He smirked. "I'm going to go shower." Katniss watched the light shift off his profile. His lips as he spoke. His hands as he ran them through his hair. The way his body curved as he stretched, his biceps tensing. His mid-drift revealing his hips. Katniss smiled, sitting up. A hunger was growing stronger within her. He eyed her for a moment as he neared, a smirk playing off the corner of his lips. "What?" He noticed the look in her eyes. "I'm just looking." Peeta smirked and sat down on the bed. Katniss crawled closer to him, her braid falling over her shoulder. "I'll be quick." He glanced to the bathroom door. He reached behind him to pull his shirt over his shoulders when Katniss leaned over, slipping her hands underneath his shirt. He paused as she wrapped her arms around his waist. Slowly tracing her fingers over his muscle. "Let me do it." She whispered in his ear. Peeta smiled, turning to face her. "Fine by me." Katniss slowly pealed off his shirt, throwing it to the ground. She smirked pressing her lips against his smooth back, letting her hands slide up and down his bare torso. "I think it's too hot for clothes." She whispered again. Katniss kissed his shoulders, his neck, Tugging on his ear with her teeth before letting her hands fall to his lap. Gently caressing his waistline, temptingly close to his crotch. "Don't you agree?" She pulled away, crawling backwards from him. Aware of her shirt gaping, leaving part of her chest exposed. Katniss needed him badly. So badly. She went to the middle of the large bed, atop the soft orange blanket. Lying on her elbows with her legs spread apart. Peeta turned about, now in just a pair of shorts. His blue eyes scanning her. "Yeah I agree, very much so." Peeta crawled on the bed, Katniss grinning as he neared, sitting up. Peeta cupped her face, wearing a crooked smile. The two locked eyes before he pressed his lips against her's. So warm. Lingering with a sweet taste of frosting. Katniss felt one of his hands trail down her back and under her tank. The two locked lips, both kneeling, one anothers' hunger growing as passion flooded their veins. Peeta's hand slid to the front of her torso. Katniss' breathing quickening as his warm tender finders slipped up her chest. Resting on her breast. Pleasant goosebumps instantly covered her body as his gentle hand cupped her breast before he began massaging her. She pressed her lips harder against his. He slid his other hand up her shirt, both hands now cupping a breast. The massage making her yearning for him grow by the second. He pulled away, both panting, his hands still on her. Fingering her nipple. Looking into her gray eyes. "Much too hot for clothes." He whispered before pealing off her shirt, leaving her completely bare chested. Peeta looked her over before quickly leaning against her, Katniss gleefully easing down onto her back. He straddled her, their hips pressed against one another. Now she could truly feel that he was just as hungry as she. Her heartbeat in her groin as his hard body pressed against her shorts. He pressed his lips against her collarbone. Kissing between her breasts. Katniss so eager for him to place his lips anywhere on her body. Anywhere at all. This baker was all her's and she was all his. As his lips met her breast, his tongue gently encircling her nipple, Katniss moaned. He did it again, his other hand on the other breast. Caressing her as he licked, kissed. Massaged. Katniss grinned, her eyes on his blond curls as he kissed each breast. Sucked and licked, making her heart pound against his soft lips. Katniss could feel him pressing into her he he straddled her. She pressed her hips harder against his, spreading her legs farther apart. So eager to be closer. Pushing herself against his stocky body. He was so near. And she was starving now. His kissing made its way down her chest to her navel, kissing all the surrounding skin. As he shifted his body lower as to reach her waist line Katniss ran her hands through his hair. His lips were now on each hip. Just above her shorts' waistline. Katniss let her hands trail down his back till they reached his rump, pulling him down closer to her. As he kissed her breast once more, Katniss slipped her hands beneath his shorts and began to rub him. He paused, letting out a pleasant sound as her hands now pleasured him. He was hard within her grasp and the satisfied look on his face made her smile. "Katniss" he let out in a pleasurable tone. Letting his eyes fall to her's. He suddenly pressed his lips against hers, his passionate kiss pausing as her rubbing quickened. When she removed her hands, she slid them to his rump once more but beneath his clothing. Peeta shifted so he was a bit higher than she, taking a hand off her breast and slowly trailing it down her side. Katniss closed her eyes, biting her lip as she knew what pleasure was about to come. She spread her legs wide. Beyond eager for his touch. He slipped a hand under her shorts. Warm against her sensitive skin. Katniss closed her eyes. It seemed like ages before his fingertips were resting on her. So gently. Temptingly tracing her lips. Caressing her. Before tickling into her body. Massaging her inside with such delicacy and pure pleasure. Up and down. Side to side. He always knew what she liked. She leaned into him as for his fingers to go deeper. Aiming her pelvis upwards. Giving a gentle thrust now and then. Widening her legs. Her entire body engulfed in the pleasure. "Peeta..." She whispered this time. A rush of quick rubbing made her moan. So much pleasure. He smiled, licking her breast as he massaged her deep inside. Slow than quick again. His lips on her breasts all the while. Quick rubbing than slow again. Katniss moaned, grabbing his hair. He kissed her neck as he pulled his hand out from her shorts. "Too hot for clothes." She panted, looking down to his and her shorts that were already beginning to fall off. The pair sat up, both hair messy and cheeks flushed. A strong yearning still burning in their eyes. This was only the beginning. Sweat was dripping between Katniss' breasts and down Peeta's chest. She let her hands fall to his waist as she yanked his shorts down. Peeta doing the same, Katniss wiggling to help herself out of them faster. She chucked his shorts against the wall, and he tossed her shorts aside before the two, now completely naked and covered in one anothers sweat locked lips once more. Katniss leaned her body against his, pressing her lips hard within his. She then pulled away and shoved Peeta onto his back, his face grinning as she ran her fingers down his sides. Katniss straddled above him, kissing his neck. Rubbing him again. It was time. Peeta cupped her breasts once more, before sliding his hands down her bare body and to her rump. He caressed her. Then put his hand inside her once more. Fingering her again. But only for a moment, leaving her wanting more. She gave him a smirk before he shoved his lips against her's. Their lips locked again before Peeta rose, pressing his lips against her bare chest. Sucking a breast. Katniss licked his ear and ran her hands down his back. Rubbing him again, making his lips pleasure her breasts even more. Peeta leaned forward so she was on her back again. She panted as he now straddled her. She needed him more than ever. She was wet and ready. She spread her legs far apart, as wide as she could. Beyond eager for his pleasure. Katniss arched her back, pressing her pelvis against him as he massaged her breasts once more before leaning back. He aligned himself just right, right above her. A grin growing on their panting hot lips before she felt him. Brushing against her before going all the way in. Katniss moaned as he entered her body. Peeta thrusted, rubbing against her. Katniss moaned, letting herself press into the mattress as he thrusted again and again. All the while massaging her breasts. He didn't mind her laying still, enjoying the pleasure. He knew how overwhelming it could be. And it had been nearly a week since they last made love. She gasped as he went so deep. "Oh Peeta." She moaned. Her sweaty fingers gripped the sheets as he went again and again. She grabbed his face, kissing him fiercely. Their tongues interlocked as she began to thrust with him. Their bodies as one as they got a rhythm going, both panting as they rocked back and forth. The bed shaking. Katniss thrusted hard against him, running her hands through his hair. Down his slick back onto his behind. Cupping each cheek and pulling him against her. "Oh..." Katniss moaned as Peeta leaned down, licking her erect nipples as he went up and down inside her. Katniss moving quickly with him, pulling his face up so she could look him in the eye. They locked their gazes, their hands intertwining. Katniss kissed him on the mouth before licking his ears. As much as she enjoyed him being on top, she liked being on top better. And most time, so did he. Katniss bit his lip playfully before slowly rising, panting. Peeta still inside of her. The blond swept the hair from her face. Katniss pulled her legs around him as she sat up and thrusted again. The two kissing once more, Peeta's hands on her behind. Sliding down to massing her lips. Katniss pressed her hands on his shoulders till he was on his back. He had slipped out of her. "Lay down." She smirked as he propped himself on his elbows a foot from her. "Is that an order?" "I am the Mockingjay,