It might not have been what Sauron had expected from the new Age, but the Burning Eye has become a beacon of hope for fugitives searching for shelter. Shelter from the hunting parties of the Lady of the Golden Wood. It began with the river Anduin, but soon water, earth and air carried something with them and the world …changed. From the Grey Mountains to the Bay of Belfalas, from the Golf of Lhûn to the Lonely Mountain, the trees have taken on a golden sheen. A new power has woken, in the very heart of the world, and while the wizards fought out their petty feuds at the sidelines and all other eyes were fixed to the east, it had risen unnoticed – until it was too late. Only one has known from the beginning – and feared. Armies, summoned to conquer a world, found themselves deployed as lines of defence. So when a tide not of darkness but of cold and pitiless light swept over Middle-earth, mountain-ringed Mordor alone had stemmed it – so far. Survivors of all races soon added their numbers to the legions within. They literally chose the lesser evil. At least the Dark One isn't opposed to not-Elven life in principle. He accepts every race, as long as they bow to him. The common foe – and the common overlord – have forged hereditary enemies not into friends but at least comrades-in-arms. Most of them concentrated close to the Black Gate and Minas Morgul, the obvious entrances to the land, but this war is not fought in battles alone. The enemy might use water, wind and anything that lives as a weapon, so the entire periphery has to be watched. The mountain ranges north, south and west swarm with patrols. They are the Mountain Guards. oo oo oo oo oo Old Fiery surely makes one damn good landmark. It's like your own built-in compass. The direction that feels worst points straight to Barad-dûr. Not that orientation is a problem anyway, every patrol sticks to the same routes, alternating one over the mountain tops, one in the middle, one along the foothills, and we all know each rock, each patch of lichen along the path. That's the trick. We are to spot everything that has changed since the last trip. And make sure it gets back to normal. Not much to do this time. Seldom is on the middle road. Makes it my favourite, easier going than the scramble over the peaks and there's less invading stuff to weed out than on the low grounds. Unless a giant eagle comes to stir up trouble, the midroute is a week of moderate mountaineering and some decent rests in-between. Like now. Midday on the second day out. The starting camp is out of sight, the path broadens to a ledge some fifty feet across and there's even a pale sun overhead. Perfect for lunch break. The whole squad has found a corner of not-too-sharp rock to lean against, have a bite and rest their feet. Gwhâs, on an outcrop as far out as possible, is stargazing again, or treegazing, rather. Eyes fixed on the same spot as always, staring at what's far beyond sight even on a good day – and today isn't – seeing… who knows. The small guy doesn't talk about it. Truth be spoken, he hasn't said more than a handful of words since he arrived. As long as he does his job, nobody cares. He climbs like a squirrel, and that's all a climber should do. Next in, on a slate of black basalt, Khûral gives his best impression of a lizard a hundred times overgrown basking in the sun. That's something they always do, even if there isn't much sun to speak of. I guess, it's because they can and the Orcs don't, but who can tell what's going through the thick skull of an Uruk-hai. A normal human can not even pronounce their names without choking – if you want a really sore throat, call Khûral 'Coral'. He'll make you say his name till he's satisfied, meaning you are too hoarse to say another word for the next week or so. Makes your grasp of languages improve fantastically. Otherwise, the big black is one of our rootbreakers. And second archer. Best stalker, too. A creature that big shouldn't be able to move completely without a sound. And he's not even trying to be silent. His gear makes as much noise as it likes but you never hear his steps. Like a giant cat. Talking of cats, he certainly behaves like a tom when Grey is around. Grey. The other archer. Keeps to himself. Tall, not the seven-feet-when-deciding-to-stand-straight stature Khûral has, but a good deal over six feet. Tough as old leather. And, hence the name, grey. Grey hair, grey beard, grey eyes, grey cloak. Even the pony-sized hound always at his heels is grey. In general, the rest of us is dignified with an air of indifference and Khûral with slightly disgusted distrust. Were they both humans, I'd say he and Khûral are hot for each other though we'll all go sledging down Mount Doom ere they'd admit it; but Khûral being hot for anyone doubtlessly would have the person in question bent over the moment he realizes he does, so probably they aren't. Tovel, the other rootbreaker, is more socially inclined. Not too tall, but squat, almost square. Former woodcutter, he handles an axe even more impressively than Khûral, which is quite a feat. He's droning about the 'Ring' again. About it being the main source of the Lady's might and the best weapon against her, because whenever power is drawn from it, the Dark One gets a share of it. So time is working for us, and if we survive long enough, we'll win no matter what, blah blah blah… Since he talked to one of the few exile Elves, he's spilling enough words on the topic to make up ample conversations for all of us. Not that anyone listens. Least of all Geru, the one he's talking to at the moment. Geru, the other climber. My little brother, what else is there to say? Used to dream of Elves all his life. Wished with heart and soul to see some real ones. First ones he saw were busily torching our home. If I wouldn't hate them for that, I'd hate them for the empty look in Geru's eyes ever since. He's a burned-out shell. He breathes, eats and moves around but deep inside – he is already dead. Finally me, the mole. Usually crawling headfirst into suspicious holes, to make sure there's nothing inside that's big enough to do real harm, is an Orc's job and the last one was, but Khûral ate him. Somehow the job went to me. Bets are still running when he'll eat me, though they got a little bit less enthusiastic over the months. oo oo oo oo oo Rest is over and we're marching on. Khûral's in the lead because no one feels comfortable with an Uruk-hai at one's back while there's no need for the big black to fear for a stab from behind. Not while he has the patrol's supply of hellfire strapped on his pack. Dragon spit, Mount Doom's Finest , whatever you call the stuff, it's a dark sticky oil bursting into flame after a short time of contact with air. Once ignited, it goes up in a blaze that makes a Balrog burn green with envy. Very effective against obstinate roots or other buried things – among other uses. It might not be the wisest choice to put a few gallons of fiery destructions into the hands of an Uruk-hai, but who else would care to carry instant incineration in a thin skin on his body. After him come Gwhâs, Geru, Tovel, me and Grey brings up the rear. Afternoon passes by in a steady up and down along the cliffs. For all his agility, Khûral isn't much of a climber, so whenever the trail comes to a sheer precipice, the two climbers take the lead and fix a rope for the rest of us. Grey's nameless dog is heaved along by a stout harness it wears all the time. A few hapless saplings get torn off the ground with a good handful of acrid salt for the roots. They'll provide the campfire tonight, the golden-tinted twigs burn surprisingly well, almost like hardwood. Something between a rat and a marmot shows its head for a moment between the rocks to get casually squashed by a stone from Khûral's hand. Tiny claws scratch futily over his thick leather tunic as he stores the half-pulped creature at his belt for a late afternoon snack. Pity the big'un has so fast reflexes, the small rodents taste rather good. Better than the dried leather strips of unknown origin that go by the name of 'meat' in our rations. I bet Khûral heard it coming, but of course he wouldn't warn us that a fell beast is about to swoop down on us. They always fly attack-style till you get identified as friendly, and the downdraft of the giant wings almost sweeps me, Gwhâs and Geru off the ridge. Khûral salutes the rider as it circles round. With his bulk and the bright red eye painted on his arms, chest and forehead he's easiest to recognize. The winged monster passes on; it'll carry its rider in a few hours where it takes us five days to get. Probably covers most of the Ashen Mountains today. We will go no further than to the White Lady's Chamber. We reach the crevice at dusk. It's not much of a shelter where the rocks form a roof; barely enough for the whole group, but safe against night-time attacks, right in the middle of a spider colony. Small critters, none of them much bigger than a grown man's hand, so they won't attack a group, but any intruder provokes a hundred angrily clicking jaws. Better than dogs for a warning. Plus, the place's a good source for spider silk, especially the lady. She's a skeleton at the very back of the fissure and gets a new white wrapping every time you filch the old one. Some of the Haradrim women in the main camp pay handsomely for the silk, and a mole has its own use for the stuff, too. Fresh webs around your forearms keep spiders and other small creatures away when you plunge into their burrows. Khûral and Grey share the first watch as none would sleep while the other's awake, then it's me and my brother and the last one goes to Gwhâs and Tovel. The noise of all the spiders scuttling around peacefully makes a wonderful lullaby. Habit wakes me at midnight to find two pairs of glowing eyes at opposing ends of the overhang, guarding each other as well as the darkness outside. Grey and his dog form the dark bulk with eyes at middle height, Khûral's the other one. Simple. Geru has risen too, so the other two stretch themselves out where they are. It's a fine night, not too cold, a few stars visible to the north, the spiders patrol as they should. Watch is over in no time. The only problem is to get Tovel awake without rousing the rest as well. oo oo oo oo oo The darkest hour is the one before dawn. Seldom get to see it, but now everyone is awake. The spiders are silent. The hound growls deep in its throat and Khûral follows suit, but judging by how they scan the dark slopes outside, they haven't spotted the threat yet. With a night vision like theirs that's no good. A breathless eternity later, Grey whispers "Fireball". Khûral grunts, but a moment later the pungent smell of hellfire fills the cave as he dribbles a few drops very carefully onto a ball of