Title: Unimaginable, You And I (Until We Were All I Imagined) Pairing: Lucius Malfoy/Lily Evans, one-sided James Potter/Lily Evans Summary: If Lily Evans had to choose between dating James Potter or dating the Giant Squid, she'd date the Giant Squid. Scratch that. She'd rather date Lucius Malfoy. Lily Evans hated James Potter. He was an arrogant bullying toerag, and she never wanted to see him again. For this, though, she might be able to get him expelled. It was the only somewhat positive bit of this nightmare. Severus Snape, her very best friend, hung upside-down in the air. He struggled to get free as he yelled obscenities and threats. "What was that, Snivellus? I didn't understand. I don't speak slimy snake," Sirius Black taunted. For all his good looks, he was one of the ugliest people Lily knew. "Let me down right now, or I'll—" "Sorry, didn't catch that either." James Potter grinned and bounced on his toes, like an unruly child. "Sirius and I don't speak dirt poor." The part that hurt most of all was the laughing. The other students just stood around and bloody well laughed, jeering and pointing at Severus. No one was even trying to help him. She loathed it. Lily despised each person in that audience of cowards. Magic was supposed to be beautiful. Potter reminded her that magic was ugly; sometimes, magic was the most hideous thing she had ever seen. Yes, Muggles could be bullies. But Muggles couldn't curse someone with pimples, or take away someone's free will with a love potion (and think it was all a bit of fun, instead of assault). Sometimes what people did with magic made Lily want to vomit. More than once, she had seriously considered withdrawing from Hogwarts and going home, never to return. But home wasn't much better than Hogwarts. Not anymore. Not with a Mum and Dad who couldn't understand the magical world, and certainly not with Petunia, her once beloved sister. Petunia, who called her a "freak" and "unnatural" and insisted Lily had to be adopted; after all, Petunia was "normal," so they couldn't possibly be related by blood. Lily still hadn't decided if Petunia's words stung so much because she loved her sister, or if it was because her parents only rolled their eyes and never stopped it from happening. Lately, it felt like Lily was on a battlefield. Curses flew left and right. Bodies dropped all around her, relationships tore asunder, and she was in the middle of it. Severus was the only person at her side. Her willow wand and his wand kept up a once-admirable shield that was starting to flicker under the onslaught. She didn't know how much longer they would last. She stalked forward. The students spread to let her through, and it wasn't because of her Prefect badge. In general, Lily kept a firm grasp on her temper. When Lily was mad, she was biting. And when Lily was enraged, bad things happened. "Potter!" She snapped his name like a rubber band stretched beyond its limits. Without missing a beat, Potter turned to face her. He beamed at her. He bloody grinned at her, all the way to his eyes, as if he didn't have her best friend strung up in the air. His emotions flipped from cruelty to admiration in the space of a huffed breath. It terrified her. He was unstable. Potter reminded her of the rumors of insanity which surrounded the previous Dark Lord. "Yes, Lily-Flower?" He winked at her and flipped his messy chin-length hair. Several girls sighed. "Don't call me that!" She almost punched him in the face. Lily would wager that he wouldn't smile at her like she was mindless and obsessed with him if she broke his nose. Not even the brainless chits sighing at him would find him attractive with blood pouring down his face and staining his perfect teeth. The only reason she didn't—and Merlin, it was so hard to resist—was because Lily couldn't live through another detention. Not when Potter somehow always got himself into detention with her. If she was forced to spend another hour locked in a room with him while they wrote lines or scrubbed cauldrons— "Let Severus down, Potter." She felt guiltier than ever for dragging Severus to Hogsmeade last weekend. He had planned to teach her some of the new spells he invented. Instead of having the knowledge to free him, Lily had three new quills, some ink in various colors, and a parcel of sweets from Honeydukes in her trunk. Potter smirked and held out his hand to her. "I will if you'll go out with me, Evans." If Lily had to choose between a date with Potter and a date with the Giant Squid, she would pick the Giant Squid. She opened her mouth to tell him that, but didn't get the chance. "Lily," Remus Lupin interrupted. She wouldn't even look at him. Lupin was supposed to be one of her best friends, but sometimes she couldn't stand him. She had refused to accept his cowardice in the face of Potter and Black's bullying ways for too long. She was done. If he was willing to let her best friend be publically humiliated just because Potter was bored or feeling like more of a toerag than usual, their friendship was over. "Let Severus down, Lupin," Lily ordered. He winced when she called him by his last name; she refused to apologize. If he wanted to act like someone without a conscience, she would treat him like a stranger. "Okay," Lupin whispered. "Remus, don't—" The objection came too late. Lily flicked her wand and silently cast a charm to catch Severus before he landed on his head and became even more injured and humiliated than he already was. She thrust her hand down at him. For a second, she thought he was going to smack it away. "My Charms essay can wait. I'm ready for you to teach me now." Severus's mouth snapped shut. Grudgingly, he took her hand. It wasn't all for show, though. It broke her heart that she was physically strong enough to pull him to his feet. And, not for the last time, Lily contemplated murdering her best friend's parents: Tobias, for what he had done, and Eileen, for all she had failed to do. Severus was skin and bones. Somehow, her best friend managed to swallow all the scathing words he would normally be spitting at Potter about now. He grabbed her hand and pushed his way through the crowd. "I . . ." " Expelliarmus! " Lily cast a shield just in time to block Potter's spell. How like the git to attack someone from behind. "Just stop it, Potter! Grow up already!" "You haven't given me an answer yet, Lily-Flower," James said. "Drop the slimy Slytherin's hand and let me escort you to dinner." He winked. "Come on! Just one date?" Her response came swift and vicious; she didn't regret it. "I'd shag Malfoy before I'd date you, Potter!" Their snickering audience fell silent. Black stepped up beside Potter, looking as disgusted as Petunia did when she spat the word magic. "You don't mean that, Evans," Black whispered. "Yes, I do," Lily hissed. She flipped her hair over her shoulder and let them see her smirk when nearly every boy followed the gesture with his eyes. Her hair was dark red, reminiscent of the finest of wines. In a school of people with brown, blond, and black hair, she stood out from everyone. Potter scoffed. "Nice one, Evans." He looked like he wanted to vomit. "You almost had me there." He rolled his eyes. "Like you'd pick Malfoy over me." "Oh, but I would," Lily said, driving the dagger deeper. "If I wanted to be some pureblood's pet Muggle-born, I'd offer myself to Malfoy without even giving you a chance." He stumbled back a step; her grin widened. "For all that he can be a smarmy bastard, Malfoy's a class act. Everything that he owns is always in pristine condition. His family keeps artifacts as heirlooms, instead of getting rid of something valuable just because something new and shiny comes along." She leaned forward, as if sharing a secret, though she spoke loud enough everyone could hear her. "If I gave myself to him, he'd never let go. He'd probably keep me around for the novelty of knowing he was the only one to ever have me. And since I was wholly his, well, he couldn't let anyone else take what was his, could he?" "How could you say that?" Potter asked. It was biting and theatrical, as if she had just accused him of rigging a Quidditch match. "How could you say you'd choose Malfoy over me?" "Because it's the truth." "I don't believe you, Evans!" "I don't care!" She kept the shield up as Severus tugged her hand, refusing to give the group of bullies another second of her time. If she weren't so used to rushing to keep up with his long strides, she would've tripped and dragged them both to the ground. As Severus ushered her past his Slytherin friends, who hadn't been there when she went to confront Potter, Lily inhaled so hard that her lungs burned. Lucius Malfoy was leaning against the castle wall, his sycophants around him. His silver eyes darkened the closer Severus led her, melting into pewter. In front of loads of witnesses, she had claimed she would shag him and let him own her. Then she had sworn she was telling the truth. Merlin, the next few weeks were going to be awkward. "Oi, Evans, can I have a minute?" Lily sighed and clutched the strap of her book bag. In the past five days, Hogwarts had become more unbearable than home when Petunia was at her nastiest. Guys propositioned her left and right. According to the newest rumor, she was easy. It was extremely insulting. "What do you want, Smith?" Lily asked. She pasted a smile on her face that wouldn't fool anyone with a lick of sense. Hezekiah Smith beamed at her. "This is for you, Evans," he said, before shoving a package at her. "Thank you." Though she had seen the sixth-year Hufflepuff Prefect in meetings, they had never interacted socially. Still, her mother had taught her to say "thank you" after being given a gift when she was three years old. Lily already disappointed her mother enough. She could still do this simple thing right. Before Lily could put it in her bag to open later, Smith asked, "Aren't you going to open it?" Though she wanted nothing more than to eat lunch, because she missed breakfast finishing up an essay, she said, "Yes. Of course I'll open it now." It was a lumpy package that clinked. The wrapping was plain brown paper and messy enough that she knew it had been done by hand. It reminded her of Severus's gifts to others before he asked her to do all his wrapping for him. There was a spell to wrap gifts, of course, but she and Severus considered that cheating. As for Smith, it wouldn't surprise her in the least if laziness prevented him from learning the charm. "Well, do you like it?" Smith asked. His gaze was much too intense; frankly, it alarmed her. "It's—" Lily removed the last bit of paper; it crumpled into a ball in her fist. How dare he! Seriously, of the rubbish she had put up with over the last five days, this insult was the worst by far. "It's a collar," she ground out. Smith nodded and grinned. "Since you said you want to be a pureblood's pet Muggle-born, I wanted to let you know I'm interested." He waved his hand at the collar. "You'll become accustomed to stuff of this quality if you belong to me." "My parents are Muggles," Lily snarled. "That doesn't mean I'm poor and uneducated." She