Title: Life and Death Are One (Even as the River and the Sea) Pairings: Marvolo Gaunt/Solaria Black Note: This is a spin-off from "Choke On Your Jewels And All Your Gold (I'm Not Your Souvenir)." Summary: They knew the Dark Lord was so powerful that only a Necromancer could ever hope to survive a bonding with him. They knew the Dark Lord was a tyrant. They knew that bonded he would be worse than Genghis Khan. "This is all your fault!" Solaria Black yelled as she waved her hands. No one was near enough to hear, but that didn't matter; it was still Marvolo Gaunt's fault. She could yell at him when he wasn't around if she wanted, and no one would stop her. Well, unless those Aurors caught up and murdered or imprisoned her. It might be hard to escape Azkaban. Death, eh, she wasn't worried about him. What? She was powerful, okay? Hence the Aurors trying to off her before she reached Marvolo. "I'm only sixteen, you jerk!" Solaria huffed as she batted a branch aside. It snapped back at her. She managed to duck it with a yelp, only to trip over her own feet and land in a pile of leaves that smelt worse than the goat she gutted last month for a ritual. "My ankle hurts now. That's your fault too!" Why would she blame herself when she could blame it all on Marvolo? Why did his manor have to be so far away, with wards that made Apparation impossible unless keyed into them? Well, safety, obviously, but they were terribly inconvenient right now. To be fair, though she didn't want to be fair, Solaria knew it wasn't his fault. She was blaming him anyway. "I wanted to be twenty before bonding, you—you—" Solaria wasn't sure how she wanted to finish that sentence, but none of the words that she thought of were polite. And, okay, so that was immature. But, who cared? She was not an official adult yet. She could be immature if she wanted. So there! Solaria grumbled and stood up, brushing dirt and leaves off her clothes. Her pants were damp now, and she hoped they would dry before she entered Marvolo's official territory. The last thing she needed was to appear looking like a filthy Muggle. That wouldn't be a good first impression to make on the Dark Lord of Wizarding Britain. A branch cracked somewhere behind her. Solaria ran. She didn't know how the Aurors had found out she was a Necromancer. As far as she knew, no one outside her family possessed that knowledge. Well—and Neville Longbottom, of course. Solaria would never forgive her god-brother if he had blabbed her secret while messing around with Susan Bones. He would be dead to her. He would be so dead to her that she might resurrect him just so that Marvolo could kill him again. And again. And again. "Ow," Solaria hissed as branches whipped against her and cut her skin. She should've worn the long-sleeved shirt. "Right, because this was an escape that allowed enough time to change," she bit out. It had taken too many charms and her mum's Invisibility Cloak to get out of Hogsmeade without being captured. Just because Solaria was sixteen didn't mean she was an idiot. She knew exactly why the Aurors wanted to catch her. If she were lucky, they would just kill her. Solaria had never been very lucky. Hence the magic she was using non-stop in an effort to erase her trail. "You owe me for this, Marvolo." Solaria had a horrible habit—according to Neville—of talking to Marvolo as if he were present. Considering she had never met the man in her entire life, she sort of figured Neville had a right to complain. Regardless, she didn't plan to quit. A quick stop to catch her breath ended with Death Eaters melting out of the trees. Well, not melting. Obviously. A tree wouldn't melt. It would catch fire. But they appeared out of seemingly nowhere. Not actual Nowhere. Solaria did an experiment or fifty once to see if it were possible; for the record, it wasn't. The magic she used to block her trail must have triggered a defensive ward. She was surprised it had taken them this long to find her. She must be on Marvolo's land now. "Well, well, what do we have here?" A wizard with blue eyes smirked at her and stalked closer. He was the ugliest pureblood she had ever seen. Seriously! He must have been one of those babies that people saw and secretly thought maybe it'll grow up pretty. Being on Marvolo's land, with his Death Eaters, was the safest that Solaria had ever been in her entire life. She knew this; she didn't doubt it. She was a Necromancer! Now, all that said, she didn't feel safe. "I'll see Marvolo now," Solaria said. She shoved her fingers into her hair, which had fallen out of its ponytail, and started picking out leaves and moss. "Watch your mouth, witch," a set of twins growled in unison. They took a step forward, as if to intimidate her. It pissed her off that it kind of worked. The ugly pureblood wrinkled his nose, as if she were the rankest thing he had ever smelled in his entire life. Bastard. "Marvolo. Now." Solaria flicked her fingers at them. "Shoo." Somehow, the ugly one could become even more ugly. He leaned toward her and snarled, "Listen here, you—" And, abruptly, Solaria was just done. "No," Solaria stated, voice dangerously calm, "you listen here." She snapped the fingers on her right hand, and little black flames danced on each fingertip. "I've been awake the last twenty-six or so hours. I've had Aurors on my trail almost that entire time, and I'd wager my left kidney that they're Dumbledore's pets. Someone I thought I could trust with my life betrayed me." Her shoulders were so tense that she wondered if she might tear a muscle from how tightly they were bunched. "I'm still sixteen years old! If the Dark Lord of Wizarding Britain is too busy to meet me, then I'll just go hang out with the Dark Lord of South Africa." Solaria offered her serial killer smile and laughed when they flinched away from her. "Then the next time you see me, it'll be because we've decided to take over the world." "Plotting domination already?" Marvolo Gaunt walked out of the trees. His Death Eaters parted and let him through. "My, my, aren't you interesting." His smile was every bit as macabre as hers. The glance he swept over her made her swallow. No one had ever looked at Solaria like that before—ravenous. She thought she knew what to expect. She was wrong. Marvolo Gaunt was the only Dark Lord in the world who managed to keep his position alone. He had been the Dark Lord and unbonded for longer than she had been alive. He was so powerful that only a Necromancer could ever hope to survive a bonding with him. Ergo why Aurors and enemies alike slaughtered every Necromancer they come across. They said he was a tyrant. They said that bonded he would be worse than Genghis Khan. Marvolo touched the black flames. "Oh, that burns." He grabbed Solaria's wrist, buried his nose against her skin, and breathed deeply. The fire danced next to his right eye; he didn't even flinch. "Marvolo." Solaria's voice came out as a dark tease. It was something she had never heard from herself before. When his teeth scraped against her wrist in response, she figured he liked it—a lot. "I'm not going to wait until you're seventeen," he said against her skin. Marvolo's gaze reminded Solaria of the time she went to a Muggle museum on a dare and saw a collection of exotic, pinned butterflies. "I never thought you would," Solaria replied. That was why she had hidden so long. She knew he wouldn't hurt her, but Dark Lords were not meant to be alone. A Dark Lord was meant to have a Dark Lady. He had waited decades for his. Marvolo bit down hard enough to leave an imprint of his teeth, but didn't break the skin. He kissed her wrist and licked his lips. "Ask your courtship boon. And keep in mind that we're bonding at moonrise tonight, little tyrant. Don't be difficult on purpose." Solaria had known what she would ask for her boon since she was a child and realized she was a Necromancer. "You will give me as many children as I desire, and swear to me that none of them will ever die." Solaria would not allow anything else. She knew what it was like to grow up with terror as a constant companion. Unless she could promise her children unquestionable safety, she would not bring any into the world. Children were all she had ever wanted. And, oh, what nightmares would await anyone who even thought of touching anything that belonged to the Dark Lord Marvolo Gaunt. Somehow, with human vocal cords, Marvolo hissed with laughter. It sounded of unmitigated victory. But it was his eyes—eyes that burned like hellfire—which caught her heart. Near insanity. Near starvation. Near emptiness. Solaria had always known Marvolo would never let her leave once she was in his grasp. She had never guessed that he would be so quick to make her never even want to think about leaving. People with eyes like his loved with possessive desperation. And Solaria knew, with a sudden surety, that he would do anything, kill anyone—even his favorite Death Eater—to keep her at his side. "Little tyrant." Marvolo dropped to his knees, crushing leaves with a harsh crackle. His Death Eaters abased themselves on the forest floor, so that none of them were above him. He kissed her stomach with a naughty smirk. "Nothing would give me greater pleasure." Solaria's heart raced, but not with fear. For the first time in her life, she felt safe and wanted. "Little tyrant." A hand stroked down her back, and then curved around her hip. "Wake up. It's time." Solaria yawned and blinked twice. It was moonrise already? Merlin, it felt like she had just gone to sleep. And judging by the wolfish grin on Marvolo's face, she wouldn't be getting any sleep for a long time. "I'm awake," she grumbled. Solaria shoved the blankets down and stretched. The shirt he had given her to sleep in pooled about her thighs. She snickered at how avidly he watched her skin. "Do I amuse you, little tyrant?" Marvolo's voice sent a shiver down her spine. It was so heavy with darkness and magic. Patting his cheek mockingly, Solaria said, "Patience, Marvolo. Good things come to those who wait." She wasn't the slightest bit concerned with him so close. Anyone else would've annoyed her, but his attention was coveted. "I've waited long enough," Marvolo snapped. In the face of the aching emptiness in his voice, Solaria's amusement dried up. She tried to imagine it: being alone for over six decades. Just the thought made her want to temporarily kill herself; at least Death would keep her company. To have all associates be beneath you, and never your equal, what an awful existence that would be. Marvolo was stronger than expected, in ways she hadn't really considered. Annoyingly, that made him all the more appealing. "So you have," whispered Solaria. She tangled her fingers with his. "Well, let's do something about that." Marvolo scraped his teeth over her wrist again; it figured the jerk would insist on the most intimate way of greeting a Necromancer. It acknowledged that life was in a Necromancer's hands … not just death. Most people were too stupid to understand the difference. Solaria had a feeling that Marvolo hadn't allowed himself to be idiotic a single day in his life. "If you ever try to leave me, I'll rip your magic