Title: Choke On Your Jewels And All Your Gold (I'm Not Your Souvenir) Pairings: Marvolo Gaunt/Lysithea Black, Sirius Black/Isla Potter, many others Summary: How many times would Lord Marvolo Gaunt attempt to prove his love to Lady Lysithea Black in the pathetic hope that she would surrender her heart to him? This was kidnapping number … thirty-three, if she remembered correctly. "Let me go." Lysithea Black glared up at High Lord Marvolo Gaunt. He held her tightly enough that she couldn't escape. Considering he had just kidnapped her from the winner's circle of the yearly unicorn race (which she had won, thank you very much), she wasn't surprised. If his grip loosened at all, she would have enough room to Disapparate. And though she would love to kick him hard enough that he would loosen his grip, that stopped working the fourth time she did it. Why, oh why, had she finally lost control and slapped Percival Weasley with her magic in Marvolo's presence six months ago? Weasley was Sacred Twenty-Eight, but she wouldn't be his trophy wife so he could play politics; she would never forgive him for his part in this. She had managed to hide how powerful her magic was for nineteen years. One second of rage against a classless git ruined all her efforts. "Never," Marvolo replied. He didn't use his Minister of Magic voice, all suave and charming and caring. He spoke as Lord Gaunt, implacable, assured he was always right. And while the majority of the Wizarding World would agree with him on that, she wouldn't. Lysithea hated him. She loathed his persistence. It didn't matter how much the Daily Prophet raved about their "destined romance," because she didn't see it. There was no way Marvolo was genuinely interested in her; he couldn't be. All Marvolo wanted was to add her to his collection: Slytherin's Locket, Hufflepuff's Cup, Parseltongue scrolls written by Salazar himself, Egyptian treasures from tombs he raided, and so on. Marvolo never cared about anything common. And until she thoughtlessly flaunted her magic—second only to the Lady Morgana's—he had never given her more than a passing glance. Lysithea wasn't bitter about that. Honest! "I hate you," Lysithea spat. She refused to become the masterpiece of his collection. He would not add High Lady Peverell to his vault of unique treasures. Lysithea was the result of true love between her parents, not a breeding experiment that successfully resurrected the Peverell Title. She wasn't for sale. If he had shown interest before … well, they would be having a different conversation. His magic twisted at her vitriolic words, but he didn't object to them, as he had done the first ten times he kidnapped her. "Three is a powerful magic number." Marvolo stared down at her, as if he peered into her soul. "This is the thirty-third time I've kidnapped you, Lys." "Don't call me that!" Lysithea abhorred how he said her name—as possessive as Hades trapping Persephone in the Underworld. "I love you." It wasn't the first time he told her that. It didn't matter; she didn't believe him. No, she couldn't believe him. Gaunts were infamous for doing whatever it took to acquire what they wanted, especially in a spouse. If any other lord or heir kidnapped her, the public would be up in arms. Her dad would've declared a blood feud. Instead, he nudged her and winked at her. Since Marvolo was Lord Gaunt, everyone spoke of how romantic and sweet it was, as if he weren't ruining her life by isolating her from everyone, spreading vicious rumors to discredit her suitors, and stealing her away whenever the mood struck him. She was grateful to him for one reason alone: Marvolo had never forced Amortentia on her, as his mother had on his father. After seeing true love every day of her life, Lysithea couldn't imagine what in the world was more horrible than manufactured love. She really couldn't. "I don't believe you." "This time, you will." Without releasing her, Marvolo Summoned a ball of magic as black as his soul. It writhed and spun. "I've waited decades for you, Lys. And nothing is going to take you away from me now that I've found you." He smiled; it was terrifying. "I'll prove we belong together, darling. I'm sending you to other worlds, to see the truth I learned there." Everything in Lysithea stilled. What? He had traveled the other worlds? That was Ancient Magic! It was so easy to get lost and never return. "And the magic won't let you come back before you believe me." Marvolo kissed her unresponsive lips. "I'll wait as long as it takes, Lys … but don't keep me waiting." He thrust the orb of magic into her body. It was cold as winter and burned like the height of summer. Lysithea blinked and fell. oOo Lysithea landed in a forest, in a body that was and wasn't her own, unable to do anything but observe. "This is all your fault!" Solaria Black yelled as she waved her hands. No one was near enough to hear, but that didn't matter; it was still Marvolo Gaunt's fault. She could yell at him when he wasn't around if she wanted, and no one would stop her. Well, unless those Aurors caught up and murdered or imprisoned her. It might be hard to escape Death. Then again, Death might just send her right back. What? She was powerful, okay? Hence the Aurors trying to off her before she reached Marvolo. "I'm only sixteen, you jerk!" Solaria huffed as she batted a branch aside. It snapped back at her. She managed to duck it with a yelp, only to trip over her own feet and land in a pile of leaves that smelt worse than the goat she gutted last month for a ritual. "My ankle hurts now. That's your fault too!" Why would she blame herself when she could blame it all on Marvolo? Why did his manor have to be so far away, with wards that made Apparation impossible? Well, safety, obviously, but they were terribly inconvenient right now. To be fair, though she didn't want to be fair, Solaria knew it wasn't his fault. She was blaming him anyway. "I wanted to be twenty before bonding, you—you—" Solaria wasn't sure how she wanted to finish that sentence, but none of the words that she thought of were polite. And, okay, so that was immature. But, who cared? She was not an official adult yet. She could be immature if she wanted. So there! Solaria grumbled and stood up, brushing dirt and leaves off her clothes. Her pants were damp now, and she hoped they would dry before she entered Marvolo's official territory. The last thing she needed was to appear looking like a filthy Muggle. That wouldn't be a good first impression to make on the Dark Lord of Wizarding Britain. A branch cracked somewhere behind her. Solaria ran. She didn't know how the Aurors found out she was a Necromancer. As far as she knew, no one outside her family knew. Well—and Neville Longbottom, of course. Solaria would never forgive him if he had blabbed her secret while messing around with Susan Bones. He would be dead to her. He would be so dead to her that she might resurrect him just so that Marvolo could kill him again. And again. And again. "Ow," Solaria hissed as branches whipped against her and cut her skin. She should've worn the long-sleeved shirt. "Right, because this was an escape that allowed enough time to change," she bit out. It had taken too many charms and her mum's Invisibility Cloak to get out of Hogsmeade without being captured. Just because Solaria was sixteen didn't mean she was an idiot. She knew exactly why the Aurors wanted to catch her. If she were lucky, they would just kill her. Solaria had never been very lucky. Hence the magic she was using non-stop in an effort to erase her trail. "You owe me for this, Marvolo." Solaria had a horrible habit—according to Neville—of talking to Marvolo as if he were present. Considering she had never met the man in her entire life, she sort of figured Neville had a right to complain. Regardless, she didn't plan to stop. A quick stop to catch her breath ended with Death Eaters melting out of the trees. Well, not melting. Obviously. A tree wouldn't melt. It would catch fire. But they appeared out of seemingly nowhere. Not actual Nowhere. Solaria did an experiment or fifty once to see if it were possible; for the record, it wasn't. The magic she used to block her trail must have triggered a defensive ward. She was surprised it had taken them this long to find her. She must be on Marvolo's land now. "Well, well, what do we have here?" A wizard with blue eyes smirked at her and stalked closer. He was the ugliest pureblood she had ever seen. Seriously! He must have been one of those babies that people saw and secretly thought maybe it'll grow up pretty. Being on Marvolo's land, with his Death Eaters, was the safest that Solaria had ever been in her entire life. She knew this; she didn't doubt it. She was a Necromancer! Now, all that said, she didn't feel safe. "I'll see Marvolo now," Solaria said. She shoved her fingers into her hair, which had fallen out of its ponytail, and started picking out leaves and moss. "Watch your mouth, witch," a set of twins growled in unison. They took a step forward, as if to intimidate her. It pissed her off that it kind of worked. The ugly pureblood wrinkled his nose, as if she were the rankest thing he had ever smelled in his entire life. Bastard. "Marvolo. Now." Solaria flicked her fingers at them. "Shoo." Somehow, the ugly one could become even more ugly. He leaned toward her and snarled, "Listen here, you—" And, abruptly, Solaria was just done. "No," Solaria stated, voice dangerously calm, "you listen here." She snapped the fingers on her right hand, and little black flames danced on each fingertip. "I've been awake the last twenty-six or so hours. I've had Aurors on my trail almost that entire time, and I'd wager my left kidney that they're Dumbledore's pets. Someone I thought I could trust with my life betrayed me." Her shoulders were so tense that she wondered if she might tear a muscle from how tightly they were bunched. "I'm still sixteen years old! If the Dark Lord of Wizarding Britain is too busy to meet me, then I'll just go hang out with the Dark Lord of South Africa." Solaria offered her serial killer smile and laughed when they flinched away from her. "Then the next time you see me, it'll be because we've decided to take over the world." "Plotting domination already?" Marvolo Gaunt walked out of the trees. His Death Eaters parted and let him through. "My, my, aren't you interesting." His smile was every bit as macabre as hers. The glance he swept over her made her swallow. No one had ever looked at Solaria like that before—ravenous. She thought she knew what to expect. She was wrong. Marvolo Gaunt was the only Dark Lord in the world who managed to keep his position alone. He had been the Dark Lord and unbonded for longer than she had been alive. He was so powerful and strong that only a Necromancer could ever hope to survive a bonding with him. Ergo why Aurors and enemies alike slaughtered every Necromancer they come across. They said he was a tyrant. They said that bonded he would be worse than Genghis Khan. "Oh, that burns." Marvolo touched the black flames. He grabbed Solaria's wrist, buried his nose in her skin, and breathed deeply. The fire danced next to his right eye; he didn't even flinch. "Marvolo." Solaria's voice