Title: Terrible Poverty Is Loneliness (So Let Me Stay at Your Side) Pairing: James Potter/Lily Evans, Charlus Potter/Dorea Potter Summary: When everyone and everything you loved slipped from your grasp, how could you not turn to the one who always loved you and never pushed you away? Lily Evans hated the rain. The icy droplets slipping down the back of her clothes made her shiver and huddle deeper into her coat. She bit her lips to keep from screaming obscenities. What was the point in coming home for spring break from Hogwarts? Her family wasn't even here! One of the neighbors had to inform her that her parents and Petunia had left for France the week before; their projected return date wasn't until the day after Lily was expected back at Hogwarts. "Do you hate me that much?" she muttered. Lily almost wished they did. It would hurt less than finding out they had forgotten about her planned visit home. Lily swiped the wet hair that clung to her face and neck away. She could see her breath in small white puffs, and for a brief moment she wondered if she would ever be warm again. She hated this: the rain, the empty house … being alone. Shaking with rage, Lily hissed, "Severus … you bastard." It still angered her that when she had discovered her family's abandonment she had turned instinctively to go to his house, only to then remember his betrayal . Perhaps Lily could have eventually forgiven him for calling her a 'Mudblood,' perhaps . But she would never forgive him for befriending the racist Slytherin purebloods and buying into their ideology. "I'm not lesser than any one of those bigots," she bit out. After siding with him year after year during his boys-will-be-boys (which means stupid and petty) spats with the Marauders, Severus turned on her. Lily could forgive many things. Betrayal wasn't one of them. The word brought her family to mind. It hurt. "If I could use my magic, I'd burn the bloody house down. Maybe they'd notice that!" Ever since Petunia had been refused a place at Hogwarts, her sister had been bitter and spiteful. And even though Lily made sure to write her family a long letter every week, their replies were sporadic at best. She kicked a lamppost hard enough her toes ached. "I wonder if they even remember they have a second daughter." Lily didn't cry; she was all out of tears. She had spent too much time trying to hold her broken family together. Lily was tired. No matter how tightly she clung, the other three just kept moving away from her faster than she could pull them back. Anger, though, Lily had plenty. So when her family started to spend more and more hours out and less time at home during her school breaks, it didn't take long for Lily to loathe going home. "If you didn't want two children, you shouldn't have had more than one!" she spat at her missing parents. Lily was cold—it was hard to bend her fingers now—but did she really want to go home? No. She didn't. "No one will be there anyway." She almost flinched at the amount of bitterness in her own voice. She wanted to go home as much as Black did. Lily watched the passing cars, racing through the sodden streets, and snarled. Why had she thought that this trip home might be different? Was she really that stupid? That desperate? That naïve? "What am I doing in the Muggle World?" Lily dragged a hand down her face in frustrated exhaustion. "I don't belong here." "Evans." Lily froze; she would recognize that voice anywhere. But what in the world was Potter doing in Cokeworth? His presence made no sense at all! Lily looked up and met Potter's gaze. He held a garish, bright red umbrella. She had no idea what to say, so she responded in kind. "Potter." Potter's shoulders slumped. "Evans. What are you doing here?" Lily blanked; Potter was annoying, sure, but he wasn't stupid. What was she doing here? She lived here! What was he doing here? "Well, you shouldn't be out in the rain; you'll get sick! Aren't you supposed to be with your family? You rarely get to see them. You must miss them a lot." It always amazed her, every single time, how he was a completely different person around her. Potter treated her as well as he did Black. He genuinely cared, instead of faking it; Lily could tell the difference. "They're not home." "Oh." There was barely a pause before Potter asked, "Can I walk you home?" "No." Lily didn't want to go back. Not now. It was almost dinnertime and she would have to cook a meal only for her. The thought of sitting in the dining room alone was almost too much to bear. "I hate being home alone." "Okay. Well, why don't you come over for dinner? Mum and Dad won't mind. They always make extra and you can get warmed up." Potter smiled confidently at her and rocked on his heels, as if she hadn't ruthlessly refused every offer he had ever made to her. Lily couldn't say no and turn him away, as she had when she was on Severus's side in the spats. She couldn't even think of an insult or dredge up righteous indignation. Potter was the only person who claimed to love her that had never abandoned her. And with how rejected she felt by everyone else meant to love her, she couldn't bear to reflect even a hint of that rejection on him. "It sounds nice. Thank you," said Lily. Potter looked gobsmacked. Then he smirked, grabbed her hand, and walked back the way she had come. His hand was warm around her cold fingers. The umbrella mostly kept the rain off of them, but Lily still shivered. She knew Potter could be awful, but he never was to her. Lily knew Potter wasn't always nice, but neither was she. "Hold on tight, Evans." Before she could ask why, Potter hugged her. He had grown several inches recently; he was surprisingly fit against her as he spun them and Disapparated. She snorted. Of course Potter could illegally Apparate. Lily sighed when they appeared in a warm room; it was luxe, but comfortably so. As Potter took off his soaked shoes and socks and piled them near the door, she copied him. "I'll take that." He removed her sodden coat and hung it up. The hot air felt amazing against her skin as she stepped closer to the blazing fireplace. "I'm home!" Potter called. An older woman stepped from the kitchen and smiled. "Welcome home, James." She looked at Lily and sighed. "She's soaked to the bone. Go get a change of clothes for her while I run a bath." She prodded Lily toward the bathroom. "His name's James," Lily muttered. She felt so stupid for forgetting that. She had called him 'Potter' for years now. Severus had always called him 'Potter.' And his fellow Marauders always called him 'Prongs,' on account of his Animagus form … that she knew absolutely nothing about, of course. His mother glanced up in surprise while the tub filled with warm water. "Yes, it is. You followed him home without…." "I always call him Potter. I … honestly forgot his first name," Lily explained with a blush. She didn't want the woman to think she randomly followed strange men home. Potter's mother laughed. Lily dropped her wet clothes on the floor and stepped into the bathtub. It was the perfect temperature. She dunked her head under the water. By the time she came up for air, James's mum was gone and a new set of clothes lay next to a fluffy towel. She languished in the bath until it turned tepid and her skin pruned. Lily dried off and pulled on the sweat pants and shirt James had given her. She chuckled at the slogan: Living Proof That Beauty Sleep Works. Sirius must have given it to him as a gag gift; they were constantly giving each other joke presents. She pulled on the huge, thick socks and smiled. She wondered how long it would take James to realize she was naked in his clothes. The shirt nearly fell off her right shoulder. Lily's lips twitched. Not long. Lily combed her hair, and then wrapped it around her wand and twisted it up to keep it out of her way. The smell of food had taunted her for the last ten minutes. She followed the scent and ended up retracing her steps to the kitchen. "They fit. Good. James has broader shoulders, but you … well, you know." Lily had curves. A grin quirked her lips. "Come eat. Don't be shy. My name's Dorea and my husband is Charlus. " Lily blinked in disbelief. She had never been called shy before; if anything, people told her to stop being so bold. She sat down at the only empty chair. "Thank you." "Is there a reason why she's wearing that shirt?" Dorea teased. James flushed and glanced away. "It was on top of the pile." "Of course." Lily blew on the soup before tasting it. The flavors exploded in her mouth and she moaned her appreciation. The sound of a spoon bouncing off the table onto the floor made her gaze dart to James. He was almost as red as her hair. Interesting. Dorea's smile widened. "I'm glad you like it. Now, who are you, dear? James hasn't even told me your name." Lily swallowed her mouthful. "I'm Lily Evans. I—" "Oh?" Dorea smirked. "Your name is Lily, is it?" " The Lily Evans?" Charlus asked, lips twitching as he glanced repeatedly from her to James. She could only listen in stunned disbelief as Charlus and Dorea began listing things they knew about her. James had told his parents about her. Many of the things they mentioned where things she hadn't even known he knew about her. She had never realized how perceptive he was until now. "Lily?" "Hm?" Lily ate another spoonful of soup and glanced at James's dad. James looked exactly like him. Exactly . If James aged as his dad did, he would still be a handsome devil decades from now. "Is there anyone at home we should firecall, to let them know you're staying awhile?" Charlus asked. "I won't be missed," Lily said, and was mostly successful in keeping the bitterness out of her voice. "Are you sure, Lily?" Dorea asked. "Very." She covered up a yawn, though another one quickly followed. Lily felt drained. She valiantly tried to keep her eyes open. "Why don't you stay the night? You look exhausted. James, take her to bed." Lily wanted to protest that she needed to get home, but she didn't. She had nowhere to be tonight and a warm bed sounded amazing. Besides, the color James turned at his mother's words was hysterical. "Thank you." She nodded and trailed after James. They passed door after door in the long hallways. "This is my room," James said, pointing at a partially open door. Curious, Lily ignored whatever else he was saying and peeked inside. It was larger than hers and felt homey. His bed was opposite the wall with the windows. A bookcase littered with potions and defense books was stuffed to the seams. He had a desk that had schoolbooks and random pieces of junk piled on top of it. Posters of famous Quidditch players were plastered on his walls. The bed was too tempting to resist. Lily stumbled a few more feet and tugged the covers down. She didn't care about brushing her teeth. An ear-splitting yawn emerged as she snuggled under the blankets. "E-Evans?" James sounded vaguely like someone was strangling him. It was amusing. Sadly, she was too tired to properly enjoy it. She set her wand on a bedside