Peeta's POV I smell her before I see her. The soft scent of cedar and vanilla wafts in as the door slowly drifts open. When I finally see her she's slowly facing from one direction to the other as if she's lost. Her chestnut hair is in a side braid; it's a little bit messy and small pieces are poking out. A black skirt hugging her slim hips hits her above the knee and she has a white button up shirt tucked into it. Her feet are adorned in a pair of cherry red heels flaunting her shapely calves. When she steps onto the elevator and makes eye contact with me I suck in a breath of air. Her eyes. Her beautiful eyes see straight into my soul and shine grey like the calm after a storm. Thick black lashes surround them and I can't look away. I'm transfixed by her small shy smile and her eyes that show strength even as they avert my gaze. She's beautiful. Katniss' POV This guy is seriously creeping me out. He's cute, there's no doubt about that. Tousled blonde hair, crystal clear blue eyes and a broad back with muscular arms. He's wearing dark wash jeans and a white polo underneath a grey cardigan. Classic yet trendy. He's still staring at me. I back up into the wall of the elevator pressing myself into the corner. He clears his throat and continues to watch me comfortably while I fidget awkwardly. He smiles. I frown. His eyebrows raise up at my expression and he chuckles while my cheeks burn. Finally, I can't take it anymore. "What are you staring at?" My voice fills the elevator and I can feel my temper trying to get the best of me. It's only first day here and the she-hulk is trying to come out. Get a grip, Katniss . "What floor?" Silence. "Oh God." I hang my head in embarrassment and let out a long breath of air. I slowly lift my eyes to meet his and give a half hearted smile. "Seven, please." He gives me a short nod and pushes the button for me before turning away to face the elevator doors. "I'm sorry." He nods but doesn't turn to face me. "You're new." He glances over his shoulder at me and grins. His blue eyes sparkle and he winks. "Don't worry, it's not too bad here. You'll fit right in." His voice is warm and inviting as he turns back to wait for the doors to open. I smooth out my skirt and check the time on my watch as the elevator pauses on my floor. The stranger steps to the side and I nod at him before stepping out. I stand in the lobby for a moment taking in my surroundings. Desks littered with magazine covers and sticky notes are prominent everywhere. The sound of typing resonates through the room as does quiet chatter and the smell of coffee. I take in a deep breath of air and breathe it in to remember this moment. If all goes according to plan this is the beginning of the rest of my life: my dream job as a writer for one of the most prominent magazines in the country. After years of interviews and applications and countless recommendations from past professors and editors I have finally been granted a position as journalist at a highly respected place of publication. From here I can only go up. I am guaranteed to succeed if I work hard enough. "Need help finding where to go?" I nearly jump out of my skin as I turn to find the stranger from the elevator standing right behind me. I didn't even hear him get off the elevator with me; has he been standing right behind me this whole time? Peeta's POV She looks confused for a moment before she answers. "I'm not sure where to go. I think need to talk to someone named Ellie?" She digs in her purse for a moment before pulling out a small slip of paper and reads out a name written on it. "Oh, wait. Effie. Effie Trinkett. Do you know where he is?" God she's adorable. "I know where she is, yes." Her lips set in a thin line as she nods at me. "Come on, follow me. I have to go see her anyways." I adjust my messenger bag as I walk us down a long hallway to Effie's office. "So... What will your position be here at Mockingjay ?" "I'll be a journalist. Other than that I don't know complete details, but my past jobs I loved to travel for my stories. I'm hoping I'll be able to do that here." Her eyes watch the floor as we walk and she fidgets with her skirt nervously. "What other publications have you worked for?" "I was an intern at Time magazine and worked for them for awhile, but I needed a change of scenery. I loved my job but I knew that wasn't where I needed to be." "I hear you came highly recommended by your editors." She looks up and smiles. "They'll always be my other family. I learned a lot from them during my time there." She brushes a loose stand of hair behind her ear and checks her watch again before digging through her bag yet again. She pulls out a tube of Chapstick and gently runs it across her lips; I can smell the light vanilla scent from where I walk next to her. Vanilla always has been a favorite of mine. We come to Effie's door and I knock once before opening the door allowing her to walk in before me. Her assistant, Glimmer, is talking on her headset as we approach her desk. "Oh, I know. He seriously sat there and didn't even offer to buy me a drink after dinner, like I wasn't good enough for his company. I mean, hello? Have you seen this ass?" I clear my throat loudly and she looks up at me before rolling her eyes. She flips open a large planner and sighs loudly. "Listen, Clove, I'm going to have to let you go. I have company." She pauses. "Of course. I'll call you in a little bit after I get done with this. It shouldn't take long. Kisses!" She hits a button and then turns her attention towards us. She looks down at the planner and smiles up at me. "Peeta, I see you have an appointment today but I'm not sure Effie will have time for your, uh," she looks up and down at the girl next to me, "friend here." She smiles at her, slightly narrowing her eyes. "I'm sure you understand." "Actually-" "My name is Katniss," she interrupts. "Today is my first day and I'm supposed to report here first thing." She flashes a sugary sweet smile laced with acid. "I'm sure you understand." I bite my lip to hold back a grin trying to break across my face. Finally, someone who can put Glimmer in her place. Most people stutter and stammer around her but obviously Katniss has no problems beating around the bush. I'm liking her more and more right now. Glimmer pushes a button and speaks into her headset again. "Effie, it's time for your appointment with Peeta. The new girl is here for you as well." Glimmer listens for a few moments before nodding to herself, scribbling down a few notes on a sticky pad. "Yes, ma'am." Another pause. "Sounds good. I'll send them in." She hangs up and nods, gesturing for us to proceed to Effie's office door. Katniss' POV My new boss is crazy. Not particularly a bad crazy, but the kind of crazy where you love her one minute and want to run away screaming the next. She dresses a bit strangely- when we walk in she has on a bright pink military style blazer on and a black ruffled shirt with sky high stilettos. Her blonde hair is curly and pink highlights peek through in some places. She's eccentric, that much is obvious. That could either be a good thing or a bad thing. After we formally introduce ourselves, she excitedly pulls me outside down the hallway and back to the area where everyone is working, showing me to my new desk. "This is where you'll probably be living during your time here. When you're not here, you'll be eating or sleeping or off interviewing people. Aren't you excited? We're ever so happy to have you here!" Her huge smile is genuine and I can't help but give her a small smile back. I mean, I'm excited, but geez. Someone at the next desk rolls his eyes and makes eye contact with me, winking, before turning back to his computer to type. I look back at Effie but she's still babbling about the office and how happy I'll be here. Wanting to get started already, I interrupt her. "So what's my first assignment?" She pauses. "Your first assignment! Oh dear, I haven't even told you your first assignment yet. My apologies, I'm a terrible boss sometimes. I tend to have a bit of a case of ADD so if I start babbling please feel welcome to interrupt me. This one time I was going around introducing a new employee to everyone and-" I laugh. "Effie. You're doing it again." Her cheeks flush pink and she chuckles. "I think we're going to get along just fine, Everdeen." She lifts up a few sheets of paper on my desk and hands them to me. "This is your first assignment. Nothing too crazy for your first story here; just a short article on a non profit that feeds the homeless and poor. The owner was caught using donated funds for the program to reward himself for his hard work. You're meeting him tomorrow and our photographer will meet you there to get a few shots. Have it in to me by the deadline on the sheet." "Sounds good." "I need to get back to talk to Peeta, but if you have any questions at all dear just come see me. Don't let grouchy Glimmer keep you away, okay?" "Yes ma'am." "By the way, that desk there is mahogany. Feel special." I laugh again, smiling at her. "I'll try not to stab it with a knife or anything." As she goes back to her office, I pull my seat out and slowly sink down in it, memorizing the roll of the wheels on the floor and the coolness of the desk underneath my fingertips. I turn on the computer in front of me and begin going through the files in front of me to do some background research on my story. I hear a deep voice clear his throat and look over at the guy from earlier that winked at me. He's smiling at me again and not doing anything to hide it; normally I'd look away and ignore him but his desk is right next to mine, maybe 5 feet away, making it impossible not to notice. "My name is Cato," he says, extending his hand as he leans forward a bit to extend it. I shake it and nod. "Katniss." I look back down to my pile of papers. He clears his throat again and I begrudgingly look up again. "Where did you transfer here from?" His eyes watch me and I feel them travel down the front of my shirt over my chest. I sit up straighter making sure not to show off any cleavage and cross my arms to deter his eyes. I take in his appearance. His clothes are obviously expensive- tailored just for him and fitted perfectly. His blonde hair is spiky and his grin is cocky and he seems a bit too self assured. This is a man probably used to getting exactly what he wants, when he wants it. I don't like him