BRIGAND **When I originally started this story, I thought that the medieval times lasted until the 16 th century. Guess who's wrong? THIS GIRL! *points to self* So please ignore any historical mistakes, they were made when I was foolishly uninformed. Just imagine that they are still part of the medieval ages.** A/N: So this'll probably be the last time I do an author's note in the beginning of a chapter but I'm just gonna explain the layout of Brigand, also the rating. There'll be three acts which is basically parts. Scenes are the chapters. I based it kind of off of plays. I have a basic plan of Act One and I can already see Brigand being a long one. I thought about it for a while now and I figured I would rate it M, just to be on the safe side. I will not be writing any explicit lemons or anything like that since I am nowhere near comfortable, but it may or may not be implied. Some scenes may or may not be graphic as well as there is some rough language. So yeah. Read on! DISCLAIMER: I DON'T OWN ANYTHING ABOUT TWILIGHT. I do own three empty water bottles in my room, though. ACT ONE Scene I Isabella Swan paid no attention to the wriggling mass of flesh tied up on the damp soil as she prepared her things. A glint of pleasure flitted through her eyes before it disappeared just as quickly. Perhaps her warped sense of pleasure for torture was morbid, but it was twisted after all. "You sick bitch!" The man snarled from the ground, still struggling to break free from his bonds. Isabella just sighed tiredly, rubbing the back of her hand on her brow. "You're a pesky fellow, aren't you? Very squirmy – but you have a good reason to be, right?" She asked, more to herself rather than the pathetic excuse of a man on the grass. She clicked her tongue. "Such crass language coming from such a noble man." She grinned maniacally at the writhing bloke on the ground. "Who are you? What do you want from me?" He growled, showing no fear. If felt it, he was hiding it very well. But Isabella was patient. More so, clever. "I am Isabella Swan." She laughed at the colour draining from the man's face, but humour was void of her voice. She normally would not reveal her true name unless the person was to die. "Oh, Sir Vladimir, it's not about what I want from you." A flash of confusion flashed across his face. "It's what your corpse can do for me." Immediately, Vladimir paled but quickly composed himself. He was a slimy man, used to threats and intimidation, but he usually had his band of guards at his disposal. Isabella had crept into his tower room late in the night and stole him away from safety. "And what may my corpse do for you?" He tried to say with as much confidence as he could muster, but it wasn't much as she casually cleaned her dagger that dripped of blood from a previous kill. He gulped quite visibly, trying to clear his throat of the lump that lodged itself in his gullet. Vladimir didn't know that it was just deer blood. Isabella smirked evilly. "Why, Sir Vladimir, do you want to know? Because you want to know how you will die?" She answered for him, not letting the man respond. "I will make you suffer as much as you possibly can while you are still alive. I will let your body bleed out on the forest floor where no one can hear you plead for mercy as I carve, maim, distort – choose your favourite word – your body until it is beyond recognition. You will not get an honourable death because you are far from being worthy of it. I would know since I don't deserve one either; I am a bad person, just like you. And while your pleas of mercy fall on deaf ears, you'll choke on your own blood. How does that sound to you?" She smiled innocently while Vladimir struggled to keep his own bile down. "You – you'll never get away with this." He choked out. "When the guards find my body, they'll be hell to pay. And trust me; they will find my body. There will be no escape from this. You will regret it." Sir Vladimir's voice grew with confidence as he spoke and Isabella didn't like it. Not one bit. Isabella chuckled before stifling it. "Sir Vladimir. You do not understand me. I want your body to be found. Quite simple. That's all the use will be to me." "What is this about?" He snapped. "Is it money? Wealth? Revenge? You let me go – and I won't say a peep to anyone, - I can help you. Money; easy. Revenge; simple." He bartered quickly, a dribble of sweat trickling down his neck. He figured that filthy outlaws like her would respond to his offers, but Isabella would not be easily swayed. Isabella laughed again; the man was quite humorous and dense. The thrill of a kill always made her giddy with giggles. "Sir Vladimir, do you truly believe you can weasel your way out of this?" She steeled her face, instantly becoming dangerous, lethal and capable of killing anyone; which was accurate, because she has killed a thousand strong men without as much as a scratch on her. "I am dead set on your death tonight, Sir Vladimir. Plead, barter, and beg all you want, but you will not be going back to the castle alive." Vladimir changed tactics as quick as a viper. "You cannot do this! I am the King's Senior Baron!" "And that is why you must die." She said bluntly. "If you must know, Sir Vladimir, your purpose is to prove a point I am trying to put out to the King. I am strong. I have ways. He should not doubt my capabilities. Not like the pitiful excuse of a warrior you call Stefan who died slowly for protecting such disgusting swine. You are one of the most heavily guarded men in the kingdom –besides the King, of course – so who is better to put that point across? Besides; you have always been a terrible baron." Isabella unsheathed her dagger, gleaming in the moonlight that filtered in through the foliage of the surrounding forest that was void of life except for her and her captive. "Any last words?" "I have a family!" Vladimir was now on his knees but still bound. Tears streamed down his face freely, though they were just an act. "What about my wife? My three children? My grandchildren!" She guffawed once again and hopefully for the last time. It may be night but it was dead silent. Anyone could hear her manically laughing. Then she shot forward, grasping his long, braided beard and pulling him forward. He shrieked in pain but stopped as he felt the tip of her dagger at his throat. "I'm tired of your lies, Vladimir. I've been watching and learning. You murdered your own wife and have a dozen mistresses. You've beaten your children to a pulp and it'll be a gift to rid you of their children so they don't have to know what scum they have for a grandfather." She growled in his face and pushed him back into the tree. "You have just given me more reason to kill you, Sir Vladimir. I commend you for that." Vladimir was now shivering in fear, his long, gangly frame quivering against the tree as if he could melt into the bark and hide away from the crazy woman that held him hostage. "Help! Someone, help me, please!" He shouted out, writhing in his bonds even more. Isabella just went to his side and placed her dagger on his mouth, cutting around his top lip and prying the wound open with her fingers. He sank down onto the cold grass and groaned in pain. "Would you shut up?" Isabella snapped. He groaned again and Isabella plunged her dagger into his left thigh, making him howl. She twisted the blade, her cold eyes never leaving his. "Make it stop! Make it stop, you bitch!" He shouted. Isabella slapped him hard in the cheek with the back of her hand, making him sink further into the ground. She withdrew the knife from his thigh and wiped the blood on his trousers. She glanced up, peering through the slight crack of the foliage to see the moon. Isabella cursed under her breath; she had too much time. If she left for the castle too early, there would be too many guards on look-out, thus resulting in her rotting in jail. She thought for a moment, playing with her dagger knowing that Vladimir's eyes were trained on it warily. "Alright, Vladimir, I have time. Why don't we play a game?" He stared at her suspiciously. "Aren't you old for games?" He blurted out then immediately regretted it. Vladimir knew what the crazed woman was capable of and that she was cruel enough to go through with it. Isabella placed her hands on her hips, feigning to be insulted. "Why, Sir Vladimir, are you suggesting that I am old? Do you not have a brain in that giant skull of yours? Of course you don't," she cut him off before he could answer. "If you did, you wouldn't have left your window open." "I was not implying such thing –" She huffed. "I'm sure you weren't. But let's get to the game." She placed her dagger on the rope that bonded him, registering his breath hitching in fear. To his surprise, she cut through his binds. "Unravel yourself." She instructed as she unslung her bow. Sir Vladimir un-wrapped the ropes from around himself, letting it drop to the ground. He rubbed his forearms, which were throbbing painfully. He thought about escaping now that he was free, but Isabella had the upper-hand. He admitted that his position never demanded much physical exertion and that he was out of shape; she could easily catch up. Also, she handled the recurve bow as if it was nothing, stringing it easily and nocking an arrow to the string within seconds. "Okay Sir Vladimir, that should be enough time for you to mull your thoughts over. The game is called Run. You will run - and I'll even give you an extra ten seconds since I'm feeling generous – in that direction," she pointed over to where the thick bushel of trees thinned, "and will not stop. You may run in the other direction, but there is a very large cliff that drops into shallow water there. You will certainly die if you happen to fall. You go any other way, and I will shoot. Got it?" Vladimir nodded slowly, but his head was swimming with questions. "What is the purpose of this?" "Oh Vladimir, what is the purpose of any game?" She joked. "It is for entertainment. This is for my amusement. I have too much time on my petite, deadly hands. Are you ready? I'm giving you a chance to escape, so you better prepare yourself." She lied. She wasn't letting him escape; but she let him hope for a second. Isabella nearly whooped in happiness when she saw the hope flash in his eyes. She would enjoy crushing the man under her boot. "Will–will you be shooting?" He asked, stuttering. Isabella smirked. "Of course I will be. Just to demonstrate…" She scanned the horizon, spying a branch sticking out about fifty meters downhill. "Do you see that branch?" He nodded. "Watch." She raised her arms, pulling the arrow to full draw. She aimed down the sight and steadied, holding her breath. Then she let go, waiting for the sound of the arrow hitting the branch. It sunk cleanly into the wood