A/N: I came across this idea from another fanfic and wanted to rewrite it in a slightly different way. This is a Twilight fanfic that takes place after New Moon. Bella discovers her mate - The Volturi. As a heads up: the Volturi are Athenodora, Didyme, and Sulpicica. Twilight Femslash. Endgame Bella and the Volturi women. Volturi Twist Running, feet pounding against the land; a lone figure raced through the shadows as the moon above is enveloped, casting the entire world into darkness. Continuing to stumble about blindly, bare feet trample the dark, lush, greenery of the forest floor, one that had been visible only moments before. Growing desperate, a scream is stifled, permanently ensnared within a clinched larynx. Abruptly changing directions, those same feet lash out against the soil, crying in relief as branches and thorns turn into leaves and blades of grass. Suddenly, the frenetic pace comes to a halt as the darkness is pierced by a sliver of light. Hurtling towards the source, the shadows begin to fade before dissolving completely, wooden pillars giving way to a meadow full of flowers. "Edward!" Spinning about, panic clawing at a racing heart, the figure scanned the mass of flowers, squinting beneath the harsh glare of the sunlight above. This was it. This was the meadow where she had first discovered everything. But, where was he? Where was Edward? "Edward!" Shouting again, the girl spun about, auburn hair flaring behind as the breeze caught and played with the free locks. Still, there was no sign of him, or anyone. "These violent delights have violent ends, and in their triumph die; like fire and powder, which, as they kiss, consume the sky." That voice. Jerking her head up, the girl twirled about and scoured the meadow once again, but saw no one but herself. Desperately spinning about in the field of wild flowers, the lone figure stopped in her tracks as she finally caught sight of an old woman. The voice. It had to be her. White hair framing her withering face, chocolate's hues widen with surprise as the girl recognized the woman lingering on the other side of the meadow. "…Gran?" The woman glanced up at the sound of the voice, surprise etched across her seasoned features. It wasn't until the girl smiled and waved that the old woman visibly relaxed and returned the warm gestures. Ecstatic at not being alone, the girl started towards the old woman, only to draw up short as the old woman began to mimic her move for move. It wasn't until she grew close enough to the other figure that the girl speaks again. "Gran?" "Gran?" Baffled by the familiar voice and the way the woman continued to mimic her movements, and now speech, the girl tried again, to no avail. About to try once more, the girl spun about as a third voice cut through the meadow behind her. "Bella." "Edward?" It was his. She knew it. Torn between the woman and the new voice, the girl hesitated until the voice called once more. "Bella." Glancing back at the old woman, as if to apologize for having to go, the girl felt the words stick to her lips. Startled to see her expression of hope and uncertainty mirrored on the withered face before her, the girl balked slightly. "Bella!" Her decision made for her, the brunette backed up a pace before turning around. Allowing her feet to carry her across the soft petals, back to the tree line, the girl disappeared as sunlight gave way to a new moon. "Bella! Damn it, Bella, wake up!" Jerked from her slumber, the brunette sprung up from the seat she was currently laying in. Unable to get up due to being pinned by a pair of strong, petite hands, chocolate orbs glanced at the owner hovering above her. "Bella?" It wasn't until Bella heard her name called, not by her boyfriend, but by her best friend, that the girl finally relaxed. "Alice," Bella sighed. Relief flooding her limbs, the brunette slumped back into the chair beneath her, allowing the first class seat to envelop her lethargic frame. "What's wrong? Are you alright?" "I should ask you that," Alice stated in concern, "you were calling out in your dream." Worry etching her brow, Alice studied the young girl who had been calling out her brother's name. Taking in the pale skin and the dark rings that lingered about chocolate orbs, Alice's brow furrowed even more. "I'm okay. It was just a dream," Bella murmured, hoping that the pixie beside her would drop the questions before Bella cracked and shared about her nightmares. She had been having the dream ever since he left, ever since they left. It had plagued her sleep for months now. Bella wasn't sure why she was still having it since she was currently on her way with Alice to go see Edward again, but she was. In either case, she'd rather not talk about it. Sighing, Bella adjusted her chair back into an upright position and glanced out the open window beside her. The sun was just cresting the horizon. They would be landing soon. It wouldn't be much longer until she saw Edward and she could finally get over the dreams. She just had to see him, hold him, and everything would be better. She knew it. "Bella?" "Yes, Alice?" Turning her head, brown eyes locked with golden hues as pearl white teeth nibbled at a ruby red lip. "I'm sorry." "It's okay, Alice-" "No. It's not," Alice interrupted. Ever since Alice had returned to find Bella alive and not dead like she had originally believed, the petite vampire had been alternating between apologizing and staring at Bella as if she was seeing a ghost. "Alice, it's okay. You're here. That's all that matters," Bella reassured her friend, catching a cold hand between hers. She's here, but where's Edward? Bella mentally wondered, once again. More than anything, she had longed to see the family that had taken her in, made her feel as if she was one of them. Every day, since that day in the woods, she had longed to be back with the Cullens. It had been difficult to cope and the depression had racked her body, obviously taken its toll. But, it was worth it. They, well, Alice was back. "We'll be there shortly, you should try sleeping a bit more." Pulled from her thoughts, Bella smiled faintly and nodded before reclining the seat as directed. Perhaps if she pretended to sleep she wouldn't have to dream and she wouldn't have to answer the questions lingering behind golden orbs. Xxx "Where are we going?" "Volterra." Without turning her head, gold eyes stare out the windshield as the yellow Porsche screamed down the highway, cutting and weaving through the other vehicles jamming the lanes. Gripping the dashboard as Alice narrowly misses a car, Bella refrains from speaking further. She had grown somewhat accustomed to the speed the vampires loved to travel at, but today was different. There was a determination that Bella had never seen before, etched into the eternal features of her friend's face. Instead of talking further, Bella sank back into her seat as she watched the scenery outside the stolen car blur by. They had landed in Italy a while back, and thanks to Alice had procured a vehicle to transport them both to their destination. Although they were heading to rescue Edward, Bella still couldn't help the knot that lodged in her chest at the idea of also moving closer to the one source that could dictate exactly how her death would come. Swallowing, Bella shifted nervously in her seat, catching Alice's attention by her movements. "Are you okay?" "Yeah," Bella lied, causing Alice's eyes to finally tare away from the road. "You know, maybe Jacob was right," Alice commented after a period of silence. "What?" Bella had allowed her thoughts to run wild once again when Alice hadn't commented further, so was startled when Alice finally spoke. "Maybe Jacob's right," Alice repeats, only to stop Bella as she tries to interrupt. "No. You need to realize this, Bella. The Volturi may very well view me as Edward's accomplice. Also, you're a human who knows too much and smells too enticing. They could kill us all," Alice warned. "Maybe Jacob's right." Gripping her seatbelt, Bella's brow furrowed at the mention of the Volturi. Honestly, Bella couldn't recall much of them. She had heard the name mentioned a few times before during her time with the Cullens, but relative to the situation, Bella hardly knew aught about them. On her 18th birthday, Edward had mentioned to her that they were essentially the royalty of vampires. Bella recalled that they were a very, very old and powerful family. Similarly, on her 18th birthday, Edward had mentioned to her that they were essentially the royalty of the vampires. Beyond that, Bella could hardly recall the minimal information, or even the photo of them that hung in Carlisle's office back in Forks. In all retrospect, Bella knew as little of the royal family as she did of Edward's plan. In either case, Bella knew one thing: she had to see Edward. "I don't care," Bella finally spit out. "I don't care if they're old. I don't care if they're powerful. I don't care if I die trying to save Edward." "Bella," Alice began, but was cut off. "No, Alice," Bella interrupted this time. "He won't believe you. He has to see that I'm alive. I love him and I'm not going to let him kill himself out of guilt. Staring at Bella, Alice sighed after a moment. "You seriously are attracted to danger," Alice mumbled while pressing down on the accelerator. "You seriously are attracted to danger," Alice mumbled. Unable to help the slight quirk that appeared at the corner of her lips, Bella refrained from replying to the statement. She was attracted to it, or perhaps she simply attracted it to her. In either case, Bella wouldn't back down. Edward had rescued her back when James was after her, now it was her turn to rescue her boyfriend. Sighing, Bella rested her head against the back of the seat as she stared blindly out the window. Edward, you idiot, why? Edward had never shared the exact details of his plan with Bella, but Bella could remember sitting in class the morning of her birthday as Edward revealed to her that there was a way of ending things if he ever thought Bella had died. Between Edward's vague tidbits and Alice's remarks since receiving her vision back in Forks, Bella was able to connect the dots by the end of the flight. If Edward really did come to Italy, then the Volturi must be powerful indeed to strike such a fear into the other vampires, and more so if they were able to make Edward so confident that his play would be fulfilled. Pulling her hood up higher as she shifted in her seat, Bella rested her head on Alice's frigid shoulder. Soon everything would be over with and she would be back home with Edward, safe and far away from Italy. Perhaps then she could convince the auburn haired boy that he wasn't damned, that he could be happy, that they could be happy. They could finally be together, forever, as mates should be. This time, she would finally convince Edward that she did indeed belong in his world. Raising a hand, Alice pushed back Bella's hood so she could run her fingers through the soft locks of hair in hopes of comforting her friend. "We're nearly here," Alice murmured after a time, causing Bella to sit up. Glancing about, Bella takes in the narrow, centuries-old streets that are decorated in a festive design; everywhere she looks, she notes the color red. Red pendants, balloons, streamers, even the citizens were dressed head to toe in the bright crimson color,