This came from this really crazy idea I had after listening to some Disney music. If it makes any sense to you, you must be as crazy as I am. A couple of warnings: this is completely unbeta-ed, and a bit of the dialogue comes from The Little Mermaid , but not a lot. I don't own any of the incarnations of the Little Mermaid, and I certainly don't own Harry Potter. Please comment and critique! C&C is love!! The Prince and the Merman In which there is a ship at sea, a shark, a merboy too nosey for his own good, a king with questions, a celebration, a great storm, and the warmth of a stranger, along with the aforementioned young prince and the mysterious merman... It was a perfect day to be at sea. The waves were easy-going and the dolphins were playful as they swam in the wake of the large sailing vessel. The sailors onboard were singing as they hauled in their catch, the mass of fish wriggling in panic inside the nets as they hit the deck. Harry's grin was wide as he gripped the ropes, adding his weight and strength to that of the seasoned sailors beside him as he helped to haul in the catch. His black hair was sticky with the salt of the ocean and his nose was still red from the bright sun, but there was nothing that could break his joyous mood. The sailor next to Harry laughed. "A fine strong wind and a following sea. The White King must be in a friendly-type mood!" "The White King?" Harry asked. "Why, King Albus, ruler of the merpeople, of course," a sailor two men away said. "Thought every good sailor knew about him," he said with a teasing wink. "Merpeople?" said Percy, his voice weak, from the other side of the deck, his face green with nausea. "There is no such thing as merpeople. Harry, please, pay no attention to such," he sniffed, "nautical nonsense." "It ain't nonsense, it's the truth!" cried the man next to Harry. "I'm tellin' you, there's more mysterious and frightful things in the ocean than you can imagine, so just shut your gob about things you don't understand." Percy stared down at the man, his nose imperiously high, before the motion of the ship got the best of his stomach once more. He leaned over the side of the vessel, retching what little was left in him. The sailors laughed good-naturedly at his expense. "Have you ever seen a mermaid?" Harry asked, his green eyes wide. "If I had, I wouldn't be here, would I?" the sailor next to him said. "And you best not be wishin' to find yourself one anytime soon. They'll drag down into their depths and never let you go, mermaids." He gave the prince a leer. "Not that we'd let you go under without a fight, right boys!" A hearty cheer rang from the sailors, making Prince Harry grin. Fathoms below, where the world above was considered as mysterious and as dangerous as any of the sailor's wilder imaginings, a merman was exploring far from home. The waters surrounding the shipwreck were dark and foreboding. The mast of the forgotten ship jutted up towards the surface, a thin, final cry of mercy against the ravages of the sea. The merman stared at the wreckage, his long, glossy black hair floating behind him, moving in raven waves in the current. One of his elegant white hands gripped the top ring of a forgotten anchor, his black fishtail lazily resting against the rusted iron. His eyes, as black and as bright as two polished pieces of jet, took in the sight, tracing the shape of it from bow to stern. His pale lips softened to what could only be classified as a smile as he patted the empty sack slung over his shoulder. "What a beauty you must have been," the merman, Severus, said softly as he swam towards the wreck, his black fishtail effortlessly propelling him through the water. "What treasures you must hold." He swam up to an open porthole, the wood along the edge crumbling at his touch. Inside the hull was dark and murky, the dim light catching on a stray bit of metal or illuminating a frayed bit of cloth. A shark swam above, its great shadow falling over the merman as it passed by. He ignored it as he swam into the wreckage through the fatal, yawning hole in its hull. He looked through what remained of the cabins below decks, growing more and more disappointed as he found nothing interesting and new. He already had three of those tiny silver tools with the sharp, narrow teeth that uncomfortably reminded him of the sea king's trident. The odd, horn-like wooden toy he uncovered had some merits; yet, as he slipped it into his bag, he was half-certain he had a similar toy resting quietly somewhere in his lair. Severus frowned, unhappy with the lack of genuine treasure, when he found a fairly intact specimen of what he dubbed a 'hardpock', its hard shell still smooth and the thin, pale sheets within it still whole and covered in rows of strange black symbols. He slipped this into his bag as well, tucking it alongside the horn toy when he heard a scream coming from just outside the ship. He swam out of the wreck, his black hair streaming out behind him, and frowned when he spotted the source of the screaming. Swimming desperately around and through the shipwreck was a blond-haired merboy, his pale, pointed face frozen in a panic. He swam wildly, hoping to escape the snapping jaws of the shark intent on making him dinner. He dove around the bow of the ship, and, noticing the black-haired merman watching, darted forth with one last panicked burst of energy. The merboy's mouth was wide open and trembling as he cried out, "Help!" His gangly arms were stretched out in front of him as the shark tore through the wooden ship with its crushing teeth in pursuit. The merboy grabbed Severus' arm and spun them about in the water, as much to pull the merman away from the threat as to put another, more tantalizing prey in the shark's path to enable his escape. Severus retaliated by grabbing the boy's arm in return and pushing him back towards the shark, which was now encircling them in a slow, threatening manner. The merboy was whimpering, his pale gray eyes darting between the shark's black, beady eyes and Severus' visage. The merman bared his teeth in a facsimile of a smile, not reassuring the merboy in the slightest that he would be allowed to leave with life and limb intact. "Don't you know the graveyards are off-limits to little merfolks like you?" Severus said silkily, the tail on the large shark swatting the merboy's backside for emphasis. "Perhaps we should let Krum here teach you why that is so." The shark, pleased with the suggestion, snapped its sharp, pointed, monstrous teeth at the merboy's pale green fishtail. The merboy jerked away from the teeth in fear, unable to get as far as he wished while the merman still had a tight grip on his white arm. He stared wide-eyed at Severus. "That thing's your pet?" Severus pushed the boy off and away from him with a sneer. "You have ten seconds," he said smoothly. "Use them wisely." Krum the shark was grinning viciously from just over Severus' shoulder, anticipating the inevitable hunt. The merboy, perhaps in a testament to his intelligence, wasted no time and immediately turned tail. He swam as fast as possible away from the black-haired merman and his violent, fish-eating friend. By the time Severus' mental countdown had reached five, the merboy was nearly home free, a dim pale spot in the distance growing ever smaller. Severus ran a hand down Krum's smooth body and smiled at the shark in approval. "Do you always have to play with your food, Krum?" he asked the great white with much affection. The shark's fin slapped against Severus' side in reply. "Let's leave before that fool decides to return," he said to the shark. At that, the two parted. The massive great white swam off towards the west in search of prey. The black-tailed merman swam south towards his lair, his salvaging bag light but for the toy horn and the hardpock he intended to examine once he got home. Severus' lair was a grotto, vast and lit only by what light shown down from the porthole-small opening at its peak. A large boulder protected the narrow opening near the ocean floor, and, despite the dark, foreboding nature of its inhabitant, little about its exterior suggested dark and foreboding on its own. In fact, it was quite innocuous and so far from the homes of other merfolks that Severus' isolation was rarely broken, which suited the merman perfectly. Inside the lair, the natural shelves were filled with all the bric-a-brac of the surface world Severus had ever collected. Thin, metal rods on various lengths and unknown uses were cluttered together in hollows in the rock. Flat, colorful drawings rested on the edges and rows upon rows of hardpocks encircled the cavern like guardians of a world Severus would never know. He pulled out his newest acquisitions, laying aside the toy horn to more closely examine the salvaged hardpock. There were symbols along the hard, long edge, symbols that he knew but could not decipher. A quick look through his collection revealed he did not already own a hardpock with the same exact symbols written along its spine, so with a sigh of muted happiness, he placed the new hardpock alongside others with a similar-looking first symbol, the common one that appeared like the head of a hammerhead, with its eyes perpendicular to the surface and its mouth towards the ocean floor. Satisfied with the placement of his new treasure, he moved towards the darker parts of his grotto, intent on examining his potion stores in preparation for some brewing later when there was an odd clatter from the string of shells he kept by the opening of the cavern. His brow creased in a frown as he slipped out of the cavern through the opening at the peak, curious as to who was calling. He silently swam down the opposite side of the rocks, not intending on alerting his visitors to his presence until the most opportune time. Peering from behind a sea anemone, Severus made out the miniscule shape of two seahorses standing at attention in front of the boulder, both in full royal messenger regalia. He bit back the sigh before sliding out from behind the rocks. It seemed that the sea king might wish for his presence today. The White King's throne was as garish and blinding as his palace, Severus thought as he approached the sea king. King Albus was reclining in his white shell-shaped throne, appearing as if he was not expecting any company for the afternoon and was actually just about to take a refreshing nap. His long white hair floated around his face like a halo and his beard, weighted down with bits of coral and shells, rested on his chest and down his belly to pool on his lap. At the sight of Severus, his mouth lengthened into a gentle smile. "Severus," the sea king said as he watched Severus come closer. "We missed you during today's recital. I believe you promised to perform today?" The sea king's fingers were resting against the tip of one of the golden trident's sharp prongs. "My liege, you know I promised no such thing," Severus said smoothly as he bowed at the sea king, stopping a reasonable distance away from the king, and more than amply out of reach of the trident's prongs. "Performing for the masses is something I do not do. Not