He breathed in. The air was cool for a summer's evening. It reached into his lungs and refreshed him, filling him with the scent of pine and cold water. He turned away from the lake slightly, looking back up at the sheer cliff face and there, high above him, the rough walls of the castle. It looked almost intimidating from this angle, even with the soft glow of the setting sun, but his love for it tempered the brief excitement he had felt. He wondered how he could he leave this place of safety and friendship, the one place that had been a continuous sanctuary for so many years. Would the excitement he felt for the future that lay before him come to anything at all? 'Cheer up, Moony!' A bright, teasing voice came from behind, a firm hand clapping onto his shoulder. 'You look like you're on the way to the gallows!' He grinned at James, and allowed him to roughly pull him closer to the shore, where tiny boats bobbed and rocked in the shallows. 'I'm just sad to leave! Aren't you sad to leave?' 'Pfft, I'll only be sad once the memories of those horrible exams have gone. Until then, I'm top notch. And excited about going in these diddy boats again.' 'They've shrunk 'em,' said Peter, hands in his pockets and frowning in mock annoyance. 'They were definitely bigger before.' 'And here I was, hoping I could share with you, Wormtail,' said Sirius. 'You said you would share with me!' exclaimed James, appalled. 'What, you're not sharing with Evans?' 'Now, now,' said Remus placating them with an arm over each of their shoulders. 'We could all try and squeeze into one. Except you, Padfoot, none of us want your fleas.' Sirius's witty retort was lost to Hagrid's booming call for them to board the boats. 'One each!' he called. 'I'm lookin' at yeh lot!' He added hastily, pointing a giant finger at James and Sirius, who were grinning cockily. They had all grown so considerably since their first year that Remus was rather unsure that the boat would take his weight. It certainly wobbled a lot as he tentatively stepped into it, and Peter laughed so much at his lack of grace that Sirius kindly reached into the icy water to splash him in chastisement. This triggered a battle of sorts between them, one that Remus was thankful to not be included in. James was on the other side of him, but he was twisted away as he chatted enthusiastically to Lily. In the moment of peace from his friends, he looked out across the lake. The water was still, but the low light that hit it still shimmered and danced across the surface. Despite his nervousness about leaving, he couldn't help the small smile that came to his face, the pride as he thought of his exam results, the friends he had made, and his parents awaiting him on the other side. The boats gave an odd shudder and a lurch forward; he heard Peter yelp as he was thrown backwards slightly, but he was hardly the only one. There was a roar of laughter far off from the Hufflepuffs, and Remus thought he could see a large splash and a pair of legs wriggling over the back of a boat. Now James turned back to grin at his friends, and Remus grinned back at him. The boats, after their sudden start, glided easily over the water. The excitable buzzing from the graduating students slipped into a quiet, appreciative awe; even James managed to stop talking to Lily. Many looked over their shoulders back at the castle. Remus kept staring forward, worried that he might not be able to hold it together if he looked again, and surely the others would tease him, but he could see the castle spires and battlements reflected in the glassy water anyway. A thousand memories were storming through his mind, overloading him with every emotion possible, spiralling into disconnected glimpses of scenes, barely there before they were gone to the next one. The musty smell of the Shrieking Shack, the roar of the crowd at the Quidditch pitch. The mouth-watering taste of rice pudding after dinner, the snap of twigs under his paw. Lily and James's ridiculous kiss in the middle of the Great Hall, the time Sirius accidentally turned Peter's hair snowy white. Running his fingers along the spines of old books in the library, the scratch of quills on parchment. The way his friends had accepted him, completely and without question, and the month they had spent in silence, mandrake leaves in their mouths, just to give him comfort during long and painful nights. He noticed his cheek was wet, and he brushed it away quickly, hoping no one had noticed, but his friends all seemed lost in thought too. The slight spray of the water from lake hit the back of his hand, which gripped hold of the wooden side of the boat tightly. He released it, and trailed his fingers into the cold water, enjoying the way it felt like something luxurious. He heard gasps, and his head snapped up. The water ahead was rippling; the Giant Squid had come to say goodbye. The students waved and shouted cheerfully at it, and it raised a monstrous tentacle into the air, bringing it back down with an almighty, slapping crash. The power of the ripple it produced made their boats bob over the wave, Remus stretched out both arms to brace himself against the sides as he laughed. 'Bye bye, Siddy!' he heard Lily call, delighted. 'You named the squid?' James said, laughing incredulously. Lily merely giggled in response, her nose scrunching. Sooner than Remus had expected, the shore of the lake came into a view. They were still too far away to see clearly, but he could hear the cheering and clapping crowd of families that awaited their arrival. Now the students shouted and waved too, some even stood up shakily in their boats. Only Sirius neglected to share in the celebrations, instead sitting sullenly in his boat. James leaned forward to look past Remus at him. 'You come with me, Padfoot, yeah? Mum'll kill me if she can't give you a hug.' Sirius gave a rueful smile in response. Remus spotted his parents, their proud faces, and they hurried along the shoreline to line up with his incoming boat. He laughed as he waved back to his father, his mother bouncing between grinning at him and gazing up in wonder at the castle behind him, her mouth open in a delighted smile. 'Here we go, Moony!' shouted Sirius as they came close to the shore. There was a crunching scrape of pebbles against the base of his boat as it heaved itself onto the shore. He began to climb out, as undignified as everyone else, but his father rushed forward, grasping his hand to pull him up. 'Congratulations, son,' he said, his moustache bristling above his smile as he clapped Remus on the back. 'Very well done.' 'Thanks, Dad, I-' But his mother had flung herself at him, hugging him tightly, squealing with delight. He laughed as he hugged her back, permitting her to reach up and cup his face as she kissed his cheeks. 'My special boy, I can't believe it, I'm so proud!' 'Thanks,' Remus replied, beaming happily. 'What d'you think of the castle, Mum?' 'Oh, it's beautiful,' she said dreamily looking back at it. 'You're such a lucky boy, look at it, I've never seen anything so stunning!' He turned back, for yet another 'one last look'. The stone walls looked almost pink in the low, yellowish light. He looked at his fellow students, all of them embracing their parents or having photos taken. But they were not students anymore, he thought, as he watched Mrs Potter hug Sirius. They were now adults, finished with school, finished with all of this. 'Didn't Tuney come?' he heard Lily ask her parents, and he looked in time to see her crestfallen face. 'Mum,' he said suddenly. 'Come and meet my friend Lily. Her parents are Muggles too.' He introduced them, and soon Sirius and the Potter family had joined them too, and the Pettigrews, and before long he was being cajoled into a group photo, all the Marauder boys arm in arm, laughing at the camera. 'Get a copy of that for me, won't you Mrs Potter?' he heard Sirius ask brightly. 'Of course I will. You'll all get a copy.' 'And what now, eh?' Mr Pettigrew was asking them all. 'Any jobs lined up? No more summer holidays for you, chaps. Into the real world now.' 'I might go into Healing, if I can get onto the training programme,' said Lily brightly. 'James thinks I'd be good at it, don't you, James?' 'Of course, you'd be good at anything,' said James, and Sirius rolled his eyes haughtily behind him. 'I hear you've applied to Flourish and Blotts, Remus,' said Mrs Potter. 'What a lovely job that would be.' 'I have my interview next week,' he replied. 'We've saved up for some new robes for him,' said his mother, beaming up at him. 'You'll look so smart, Remus, they'd be fools not to hire you.' 'I probably won't get anything,' said Peter miserably. 'I haven't had any responses to my owls yet, I won't get a job at all.' 'Course you will, Pete,' said Sirius swiftly. 'There's always Magical Maintenance!' 'But I don't want to work with you,' retorted Peter, and everyone entertained themselves by watching their friendly squabble, until Remus's father place a firm, warm hand on his shoulder. 'Come take a walk with your old man,' he said quietly. Remus followed him, away from the cheerful crowd, a slight lurch in his stomach. They walked in silence for a little while, along the edge of the mirror-like lake. 'Congratulations on your interview,' said Lyall mildly. 'Right… Yeah, thanks.' 'I think it would suit you very well.' Remus nodded, but said nothing. An unspoken truth danced tauntingly around the edge of his father's words. It would suit him. If things had been different. 'And I suppose it will give you great experience… For future jobs…' Remus knew what was coming before Lyall said it. His father always went slightly red when the topic came up. 'I don't know if you have given any consideration as to where you will… Where you will ibe/i next week… As the Hogsmeade house won't be accessible,' he added when Remus said nothing. 'Do you mean the Shrieking Shack, Dad?' asked Remus, staring pointedly at the ground. 'Well, if you must call it that, yes.' 'That's what everyone calls it.' Lyall gave a heavy sigh, his hands deep in his pockets. 'Do you have somewhere to go?' 'Yes.' 'Where?' 'Oh, I thought I'd just hang around outside a Muggle primary school.' 'Remus, please take this seriously,' Lyall said sharply, stopping. He grabbed Remus's arm and tried to turn him to face him, but Remus stubbornly rolled his head away, gazing moodily over the lake. 'We could ask Professor Dumbledore if you could continue using the house for the summer, but it simply cannot continue when you are no longer a student here.' 'I know that,' Remus said. 'Well where will you go then? Your mother and I have been doing some research-' 'It's fine, Dad,' he said dully. 'I told you, I have somewhere.' 'Where?' 'It's… It's really remote, there won't be anyone around-' 'How do you know you won't stumble across some Muggle campers? Hmm?' 'That won't happen,' Remus muttered. He avoided his father's gaze. 'I'll take precautions.' 'You learnt the Muggle-repelling charms I sent you, then?' When Remus simply gave a short, irritated nod, Lyall sighed again. He didn't seem to be able to look Remus in the eye anymore, staring down at the muddy ground instead. 'I know you think I'm… Well, I know