Okay, wow, it has been a long time since I've written. Not that I ever wrote a lot, but damn. Anyway, this is dedicated to spoopywillsolace/Taylor. Happy Birthday! You're such a wonderful person, I managed to break out of my writing block to bust out this mess of Solangelo for you. I hope you like it :D (please excuse my rusty, chunky writing, it really has been a while and I haven't read Solangelo in a long time) This is a college/fantasy/magic AU that I've been playing around with, because I'm incapable of reading something without making a fantasy AU out of it. Also it's really self-indulgent, as I think will be evident fairly quickly. I've never been even a little bit good at one-shots, and even on a good day my sentences always tend to get really convoluted, and I am sorry about everything. Disclaimer: I don't own shit. Nico swore to himself he wouldn't. He was dimly aware of the fact that he'd spent the entire lecture staring at the blond boy—at some point the girl sitting to Blondie's right turned, noticed, and actually winked at Nico—but he just couldn't tear his eyes away. The boy had fluffy golden hair, like sunshine, dazzling against his medium-brown skin; when he turned to say something to the boy on his left, Nico caught a glimpse of his open, white-toothed smile and the white headband he was tangling and untangling his fingers in. Also, there were two ghosts hovering around him—one sitting on the back of his seat, his feet up in Nico's face, whistling a grating tune; the other lounging horizontally in the air above his head, occasionally rolling over to peer down at his notes. I will not intervene. I will not intervene. I will— Yet another ghost strolled into the classroom, cutting off Nico's mental chant, and settled down in the seat behind Blondie. Was this boy some kind of ghost magnet? Nico tried to focus. Organic chemistry wasn't one of his best subjects, which was unfortunate since a forensics science major would kind of need it to be. He squinted at the board, trying to see through the crowd of ghosts directly in his field of vision, but all he could really make out was the pattern in Bad Whistler's shoes. Fuck Blondie, coming in late to class and deciding to sit directly in front of Nico with his entourage of shades. That was just rude. Also, how many ghosts could a person have before they started feeling the weight? Nico didn't even realize the lecture had ended until the ghosts stood up to follow Blondie out. The girl—Nico decided to call her Leaping To Conclusions—gave Nico another considering look as they passed. Nico fixed his gaze on the last ghost, a blond pudgy kid who looked a little drunk despite also looking about twelve or thirteen years old, and pretended not to notice her. Do not engage , Nico repeated, watching them make their way down the aisle towards the door with all the other students. Do not engage. You are done with this world. Bad Whistler, who had been discussing something with Drunk Child, turned to flip the Levitator off, and his arm passed right through Blondie. Nico watched as Blondie stiffened and turned around, a slight frown on his face, his expression for a split second open and vulnerable and tragically beautiful as if he was perfectly aware of how many dead people hung around him. Then he noticed Nico, gave him a brief, forced grin, and stepped outside. Goddammit . As it turned out, Nico didn't really have a say in whether or not he would deal with Blondie and Co. If Organic Chem was the only time Nico would ever see them, he would've had no problem ignoring them. But then he stepped into the bar, flanked by Reyna and Hazel, and there Blondie was, chatting with Leaping To Conclusions over the counter. Apparently, Leaping To Conclusions was a bartender at Jason and Reyna's favorite bar. Nico couldn't even bring himself to be surprised. He'd always had shitty luck. "Hey!" she called out, before Reyna could even order anything. "You in the black shirt! You're in our O-Chem class, right?" Nico briefly wondered if it was bad that he'd gotten used to being addressed as "you in the black shirt." He also briefly thought about running for the bathroom, but Reyna and Hazel each had an arm around him. "Uh," he said. Drunk Child was sprawled across the counter, twirling a tiny umbrella and looking drunker than ever. Not sure where he got the umbrella, but Nico wasn't about to ask. Bad Whistler was whistling again, this time dangling upside down from the ceiling. (Why do ghosts do that? Is that comfortable?) The Levitator appeared to be taking a nap on the floor. (Nico made a mental note to double-check on the whole ghosts being intoxicated thing. He had thought it'd be impossible, given the whole no-corporeal-form thing, but who knows.) Reyna and Hazel jostled and nudged Nico until he was standing at the counter, next to Blondie, directly in front of Drunk Child's shoes. "Hi!" Blondie said brightly, beaming down at Nico. "I'm Will Solace. This is Lou Ellen Chao," he said, nodding at Leaping To Conclusions—Lou Ellen, Nico corrected himself, because Bianca did not raise him to be a cheeky little shit, "and this is Cecil Jacobs," he said, gesturing to his other friend, the boy whom Nico had dubbed Blowing Shit Up at some point. Nico realized after a moment (and a look from Hazel, who had moved over to talk to the other bartender with the rest of his traitorous friends) that Will, Lou Ellen, and Cecil were waiting. "Oh. Um. I'm Nico di Angelo." "Mmhmm," Lou Ellen said, resting her chin on her hand. She had that considering look again, and Nico tried to figure out how to correct her assumption without sounding like a lunatic. "And what brings an underage college freshman to a bar on a Tuesday night?" "Lou," Will said, laughing, saving Nico from accidentally blurting out "my friends think I need to socialize." "You work here." "My mom owns this place," Lou Ellen pointed out. "Also, she doesn't allow friends and acquaintances discounts. So nice try, Cecil, but no." Cecil pouted and flopped over the counter. Nico, who'd been only half paying attention, was wrenched back from wondering how he hadn't noticed Drunk Child disappearing by Will turning his I-can-outshine-the-sun-and-you-can't-stop-me smile back to him. He suddenly felt a little blinded. "What Lou was actually trying to say, probably," Will said with a placating smile, "was whether or not you've finished the O-Chem assignment due Friday." Nico groaned. "Don't remind me." He'd been planning on pulling an all-nighter for it on Thursday. Or maybe just turning in a piece of blank paper. Both sounded equally appealing. "You don't like O-Chem?" Lou Ellen asked, raising an eyebrow. "Nobody likes O-Chem," Cecil said into the counter top. Will gave him an injured look. "I like O-Chem." He turned to Nico again, gave him another smile, and Nico might have forgotten how to breathe. "If you want, we can work on it together. The more the merrier, right?" Oh, come on , Nico thought, to karma and the universe and whoever else was listening to his inner monologue and made this happen. I was kidding about the shitty luck, okay? Out of the corner of his eye he could see Bad Whistler lean over in interest. "Nico!" Jason, who always showed up late to these things (probably because he was making out with his girlfriend), appeared out of nowhere and slung his arm around Nico, banging Nico's ribs into the counter. Jason was one of those people whom Nico tacitly allowed to disregard his arm's-length personal space rule. "Are these your friends? Are you finally making friends at school?" Nico generously ignored the finally part. "No," he said. "We were just going to do homework together." Will didn't look even a little bit discouraged by his denial of friendship. In fact, he was grinning. Nico started feeling a little bleached, as if he'd been standing in the sun for too long. "Here, give me your number," Will said, pulling out his phone. "I'll text you about it." Actually, Nico wasn't kidding. His luck was totally shitty. They did meet to do homework, the next evening. Suspiciously, Lou Ellen and Cecil both opted out at the last minute, even though Nico knew that Cecil was frequently asleep in class and probably needed the help. Will sat right next to Nico, patiently explaining all the concepts that Nico didn't understand, and even though they were in the library, it felt as though they were the only two people in the room. Okay, except for the fact that Drunk Child was snoring under the table by their feet. The Levitator and Bad Whistler were conspicuously absent, thankfully; Nico wasn't sure he'd be able to learn anything with them nearby. He wasn't joking about the bad whistling. Eventually, they managed to finish the assignment. Nico was about to excuse himself as quickly as possible—now that Lou Ellen had put the idea in his head, it was awkward being around Will alone—when his stomach grumbled loudly. Will laughed. "Want to grab dinner together?" Nico might not be a social butterfly, but he wasn't blind; he could see the hopefulness in Will's expression and the nervousness in his fidgeting (it wasn't a headband, Nico had realized, but a length of bandage). The Levitator had finally shown up, drifting slowly into view, still horizontal. Bad Whistler appeared beside him, frowning at Nico. Nico wasn't sure what that was supposed to mean. "Sure, I guess." Nico let Will carry most of the effort in making conversation on the way to Wendy's, and Will seemed perfectly comfortable with it. He talked about Lou Ellen and Cecil for the most part, how they were friends throughout high school, how they decided to rent an apartment together, how Will was always having to make sure they ate actual cooked food and did their homework and didn't stay up too late. Nico wasn't sure why he was so fixated on Will being the mom friend of the group—it was pretty obvious from the get-go—but he suddenly couldn't get the image of Will cooking out of his mind. He shook his head. Bad Whistler gave him another squinty look over Will's shoulder. "I live with my sister and her boyfriend," Nico said, when Will had paused to smile fondly into the middle distance. "That must be nice," Will said. Nico didn't reply. It was nice, he admitted, but he was really only there because he didn't have anywhere else to stay. He didn't have any friends to room with, and he didn't want to room with someone he'd never met. "It might be weird living with a couple, though," Will added hurriedly; he must have mistaken Nico's silence for disagreement. "Thank God Lou's usually at her girlfriend's place, not the other way around." It sounded like a lighthearted, offhand remark, but Nico knew Will was watching for his reaction. He knew, because he'd used the same trick several times himself. And also because the Levitator and Bad Whistler were both blatantly staring at him. "I don't think it's that awkward," he said, his mind going a mile a minute. There were really only a handful of reasons for this kind of maneuver; Nico wondered which one was Will's. "But I'm not home that much. And anyway, they're pretty cute. I guess." He looked up to see Will staring at his face. After a moment, Will smiled. "I see." Nico completely failed to see what Will saw, but he was more than ready to change the subject. "What major are you?" "Pre-med," Will said, because of course, Nico should've known. "My mother was a doctor, and I hung out at the