Author's Note: Hey, this is my first time writing fan fiction so don't judge, cause it's not perfect. This story starts off right where Nico's last point of view ends, so there are Blood of Olympus spoilers. Also for the sake of the story I made Apollo an active character, instead of MIA like he is in the books. When you're done it would be great if you could review. Hate is frowned upon but constructive criticism is welcomed. Oh yeah, I don't own any of the characters. Hope you enjoy! "What was that about?" Will asked when Nico was done talking to Percy. "I was just um, congratulating Percy and Annabeth on college in New Rome," Nico said hesitantly. He was not about to tell Will what he was really talking about. Will was nice and all, but did he really need to know all of his deepest secrets? Will raised his eyebrows dubiously, "I hope they didn't encourage you to run away to New Rome with them, because people like me and Jason need you here at Camp Half Blood." "No, they didn't. Of course I'm staying. I already told you that, and Percy is not going to change my mind," Nico said as Will pulled him into a hug. For once, he didn't try to squirm away. "You're always welcome here, Nico," Will said softly. Nico rolled his eyes but decided not to argue. "Let's get you to the infirmary. I need to make sure that you don't do any Underworld stuff until you're fully healed," Will said getting back to business. Nico nodded. He didn't think that he actually needed 3 days of sleep but he was looking forward to spending time with Will, even though he would never admit it. Will brought Nico to the infirmary. Nico laid down on the hospital bed. "Shirt off please!" Will ordered. Nico looked revolted. Will, of all people, wanted to see him shirtless, and he was in no condition to be seen. "But why?! You said I needed rest and I can do that perfectly well with a shirt on!" Nico protested. "Doctor's orders," Will smirked. "Reyna said that you had gotten some werewolf scratches. I need to see how they're healing." He did have a point, Nico thought. Reluctantly he took off his shirt and he noticed Will's eyes linger on his pale chest. He prayed no one he knew would walk into the room. That would just be too much, but as Will ran his fingers along his mostly healed scars, Nico couldn't help but want more. For the rest of his time in the infirmary, Nico tried not to get caught to get caught staring at Will. He also noticed that Will spent a lot more time with him than the other patients. So much time that Nico couldn't help but develop a crush on him. Was it possible Will had a crush on him too? Nico shoved that thought back down. He already had his heart broken with Percy and he did not need it to happen with Will too. Besides he didn't even know if Will was gay or not. But he secretly hoped he was. Even though he was out to Percy, he still felt weird having crushes on other guys. Will then came over and ran his fingers through Nicos hair. Nico blushed. "You're going to play capture the flag tonight, right?" Will asked casually. Nico nodded and blushed even more. "Good. I hope we're on the same team. Just be careful not to over exert yourself." Will ruffled his hair and left to go check on another patient. Nico smiled to himself. He wasn't big on capture the flag, but he looked forward to it tonight. "Hey Nico. Let's team up!" Will called out right before the game begun. Nico ran over. "Yeah, the Hades cabin needs some allies." Will laughed and slapped him on the back. Chiron then blew the starting horn and, not wanting to get separated, they grabbed hands and ran into the forest. They ran aimlessly for a few minutes until they found a clearing. Will placed his hands on Nico's shoulders. "So, offense or defense?" He asked. "Capture the flag is not really my thing, to be honest," Nico mumbled, looking at the ground. "Defense it is then!" Will declared and they walked over to guard the flag. There weren't many pursuers of the flag until the end of the game. There was so little action that Nico found himself staring into space and slipping away into the shadows. It was Will's shouts that brought him back to reality. "Nico! Flag!" Nico cursed himself for not paying attention and saw Clarisse jump out of the bushes and take the flag. He took off after her, but she was fast. "Will, a little help please," he called, but got no response. Where was Will when he needed him? Nico figured that his best option was to chase Clarisse towards the river, which was the boundary, and tag her, but she was getting away. Nico just isn't fast enough. "Will! I need help!" He yelled. Just when Clarisse is about to cross the line and win, Will jumped out of a tree and tagged her out. At that same moment Jason and Piper run across the line waving the opponent's flag. They had won. Nico was not used to all the attention he and Will got for winning. The camp crowded around them cheering their names. "We did it, Nico!" Will shouted. He pulled Nico into a big hug and surprisingly Nico didn't want to let go. Will grabbed Nico's hand and raised it above their heads. This is what being a victor feels like, Nico thought. Will waved the flag and the crowd cheered again. As the crowd dissipated Will pulled Nico close. "Celebration continues in the Apollo cabin. You should come!" "I don't know..." Nico replied. "I'm kind of tired." Nico also didn't want people to see them together and get the wrong idea, but he didn't say that. "Aww, come on. You can sleep afterwards. You're coming. No ifs, ands, or buts. It's final," Will said. He would do anything to make Nico spend time with him. Even though he didn't want to admit it, he really did like Nico, he just wasn't sure if was as friends or something more. Nico followed Will back to the Apollo cabin. "You know, this party seems like an Apollo thing. Maybe I'll just head back to the Hades cabin..." Nico trailed off, but Will wouldn't hear any of it. "No. You're the guest of honor, you earned it by winning. Don't leave," Will snapped. He was slightly hurt by Nico's comment, but he didn't let it show. Reluctantly Nico followed Will inside. Nico had fun at the party, even though he awkwardly followed Will around for most of it. He did get to meet some of the other campers and Lou Ellen and Cecil were snuck in as well. Will however did not want Nico to leave his side. He wanted to make sure that he wouldn't leave and he wanted to introduce him to the right people. He also didn't want other people to check him out, but he wasn't going to tell Nico that. After the party, Will walked Nico back to the Hades cabin. "Hey, I'm glad you came. We should hang out again sometime." Will said, stroking Nico's arm. "Uh, y-yeah th-that would be n-nice," Nico stuttered. He cursed himself. Why couldn't he be smooth around guys he liked? "Just the two of us though. Consider it bonding time," Will winked. Nico recoiled at this. Going to the party was fine, but bonding time? "Why do you want to bond with me? Why would anyone want to bond with me?" He snapped. He knew he was being mean, but he didn't care. "Gods, you're so dense. Maybe people just want to be your friend. Or something more," Will responded, immediately regretting adding the last part, but Nico didn't seem to notice. Nico took a step back. You want to be my friend?" He asked, skeptical. "I'm a son of Hades, most people don't like that." "Yeah, I do. You just got to give people a chance. I know you had bad experiences in the past, but things are different now. You can trust people," Will ranted. Nico looked appalled. Was is possible that Will figured out his secret? Will gave up. "Let's just talk things over later. Lunch on the beach tomorrow?" Will said. Nico nodded. They both needed time to calm down. After a quick hug, where Nico blushed furiously, they both went back to their cabins and went to bed. Nico was nervous. He didn't know what to expect. I wasn't a date, really, he wasn't sure that Will even liked guys. At 10 o'clock Will knocked on the door of the Hades cabin. When he answered it he was surprised to see Will blushing. Maybe he did like Nico in that way. "Sorry, couldn't wait until lunch. Just wanted to see you sooner," Will said. It made Nico feel better that he wasn't the only nervous one. "Yeah, me too. Let's go to the beach now," Nico said awkwardly. He still couldn't believe that Will actually wanted to be friends with him. They walked down to the lake and found an open bench away from the crowds. They sat down and Will draped an arm over Nico's shoulder. He pretended not to notice, but in the inside he was thrilled. They talked about camp life for a while, but things eventually became more personal. "How was the quest?" Will asked. "It was okay. The hardest part was facing Cupid," Nico hesitated. He immediately regretted brining Cupid up, Will was going to ask questions. And he was right. "What happened with Cupid?" He asked. Nico couldn't think of a good excuse not to answer. "He made me confess my secret love interest to Jason." He whispered, he had no intention of being overhead. Will raised his eyebrows, "Well who was it?" "It doesn't matter. I'm over him now." "Him?" Will asked surprised, but without any hatred. Nico reluctantly nodded. Will leaned in and stroked his cheek. "Now I know I have a chance with you." Nico didn't know what Will's reaction was going to be, but he wasn't expecting this. "So, you mean you're gay too?" He asked. "Yeah. I am," Will confirmed. Nico rested his head on Will's shoulder. "I'm glad to know that I'm not alone." "Me too," Will whispered, running his fingers through Nico's long hair. They sat in comfortable silence until the lunch bell rang. As Will made his daily food sacrifices he asked for Apollo to come talk to him personally. He needed advice. Apollo appeared almost immediately in Will's dreams that night. He was slightly delusional, like all the gods were, but Will was desperate. "I have guy problems," Will finally said when he had his father's full attention. "Is it Nico?" He sighed. Will nodded. "You know I'm not good with mortal dudes. You saw what happened with Hyacinthus." "Yeah, I like him and I think he likes me. I just don't know if I should make a move or not," Will said. This was awkward. He was starting to second guess his idea to ask his dad for dating advice. Apollo thought for a moment, "If you want something to happen, you're going to have to initiate it. Nico just doesn't have the confidence to ask you himself." "But should I?" He asked. Will was not getting the straight answer he was hoping for. "Should you? That is up to you, but he'll probably say yes if you do," Apollo said. He gave all the advice he had. He figured Will would be fine. Will barely had time to say thanks before his father left. Will cornered Nico after breakfast the next