Remember I do not own the Hunger Games Pre-game A warm breeze flittered through the air as my friends Will, Shelby, Savannah, Sierra, and my brother Joshua, crawled under the electric fence, that separated district 8 from the forest. We had hunted for a while, when we met Tyler. He is my best friend, but he lives in district 7. Then Sierra when and checked the snares. My brother Joshua climbed up into a tree blind, to deer hunt, so then the rest of split up to go rabbit hunting. After the hunt, we split the spoils and went to Will's house. We talked merrily until the subject of the reaping came up. The reaping was when the tributes were selected for the Hunger games. Then a boy and a girl from each district were selected to fight each other to the death on live T.V. There are 12 districts, 24 tributes, there age can range from 12 to name is available once when you are 12, twice when you are 13, and so forth. My name is available four times, Joshua's once, Shelby's five times, Will's six times. Sierra's not available because she's 11, but Savannah is available three times. Since me and all of my friends our poor, we live in the same neighborhood, and we spend most of our time together. Then the dark though starts to haunt me what if one of my friends are picked, but there are thousands of kids available at the reaping. I shudder at that thought, and shake it from my mind. After a cold bowl of stew, I go to sleep on the hard bed. The next morning I wake up late, at 11:30, but every one sleeps late on the reaping. At the reaping every one dresses in their best clothes. Today I put on a dark blue and orange plaid button up shirt. A pair of blue jeans. Joshua wore a light green tunic, cotton pants and a light green cowl. At the justice building, I see a two-glass ball with pieces of paper inside. I find Shelby wearing a flashy yellow tee pinstriped shirt, and matching pants. Will's wearing a white shirt, black sports jacket with matching pants. We chit chat for a couple of minutes then I spotted the Mayor Jared Floyd standing at a podium. "Hello, and welcome to the 69th reaping of district 8." he said trying to be cheerful, but he sounded glum. "This year we are going the start the drawing of the male first." He reached into the bowl grabbing a slip of paper. "And the male contestant from district 8 is Caleb Lamb." My jaw dropped to the floor. Caleb Lamb, could that be right. I walked up to the podium slowly, my mind a blur. "Congratulations Mr. Lamb." he said in hollow words, shaking my hand. "Now let's see who the female contender will be." he reached into the bowl grabbing the name. "Savannah Spears." Great my best friend's sister, my new enemy, if I kill her he'll never forgive me. Savannah walked up to the stage calmly trying to smile. "Well Ms. Spears and Mr. Lamb, may the olds be ever in your favor." We were whisked into the justice building. This is where the tributes were to say their good-byes to their family and friends. Joshua, Shelby, and Will, were the first one's to come in. No one said anything until Shelby said, "Protect Savannah, I know she'll die, but try to keep her alive." "Ok, I'll try my best." I answered. The peacekeeper came and escorted them out. Then I was led us on a train, headed for the Capitol. The train's average speed was 250 mph. Savannah and me decided then get something the eat. Most tributes had a mentor to train them for the games but we didn't. So we watch the reapings on the TV, their was a mean looking guy from district 3, A skinny 18 year old from district 5. Two twelve old twins from district 12. A great mix of tributes. "Caleb," said Savannah. "What?" I say. "It's so unfair, I'll have to kill you." she said gravely. "Hey, don't sweat it; surely someone will kill me first." "I don't know, Caleb your pretty stealthy." It then occurred to me I am pretty sly, and I can sneak up on my friends very easily. All I'll need is a knife. "Cheer up" I said. She tried to smile but I knew she didn't believe me. She didn't look reassured, so I left and took a shower. The shower was superb, just press a button and a machine will hand you, soap, shampoo, body wash. And when you exit, you are blow-dried dry. That evening a found a suit and dress pants laid on my bed. A note was on the table saying, "Master Lamb, we invite you to dinner at table b-12. Signed Justin Hall" I then proceeded to the table, and sat down. A young man was already sitting there with Savannah. A waitress came to the table, and she pointed to the back of her mouth. "What does she want?" I say "can't she speak." "No Caleb she can't." replied the man. "She wants to know what we want to drink." "Oh, why not" asked Savannah. "It's the government's way to punish those who are against the Capital. Avox can't speak because the government cuts out their tongue." My appetite fled like a deer. She brought us wine. I drank it, but it made my head feel all-light. We talked until the main course. Then he told us, he was going to mentor us. "Mentor us!" I exclaimed. "Yes that is right young man." He replied. "My name is Justin." "So when do we get to practice." I enthusiastically said. "Two days." Justin replied. "Darn it!" I cried. We ate a mutton, Swiss, and mushroom soup. Afterwards we said our farewells to Justin. And we when back to our Living quarters. The next mourning I awoke in a large golden city with other shiny colors. Justin was in my room going thru my chest, pulling clothes into a plastic bag. "Hey, what are you doing in my room!?" I exclaimed. "Oh, I was packing your stuff; your friend said you would probably sleep late." Justin replied. "Oh, well get out." I snapped Then he left, I got dressed and he led me out of the train. The tributes had their own hotel complex, and each floor is for a district. For example, floor 8 was for district 8 tributes. Savannah and I had a decent entrance, not enthralling but all right. We went to the dining hall, and we were served steamed cabbage, baby carrots, and buttery baked flounder with a baked potato and for dessert chocolate ice cream. My suite had a king size bed, pillows the size of a bookshelf, and massive blankets filled with goose down. I asked Savannah if she wanted to go up to the roof, and she agreed. On the roof their was a giant garden filled with wind chimes. We talked about our rooms and our supper, but we got on the grim subject of the Hunger games. "Caleb," said Savannah "Yes," I replied distracted by a small stone Gnome. "What weapon should I use in the game?" "A Javelin or a bow, so you can stand out of most of the gory stuff." When I said gory, I think I spooked myself; it could be my gore she needs to stay away from. "But wouldn't I need to retrieve my spear or arrows." Hmm. She had me their. "Yes, listen your main concern should be on staying alive." "Yeah, but-"she interrupted. "No buts, just do it. You will not need to kill me. Don't think of it as murder, but a way to see your family again." Walked a little more but in silence, and then went to get some sleep. But I could not sleep, so I tossed and turn restlessly. The next mourning Justin was calling me thru the door. So I sat up and put on some breeches and a light t-shirt. Today was the first training day, so we ate and when to the training room. The training room was a large open room, with people at different training stations. Justin told us at breakfast not to use your best skills here, in fact use your worse, because it would be a good strategy, so the other wouldn't know we are a threat. Me and Savannah when to the shelter-making, and human traps first. We learn the with a stout rope we can make a snare that could hang a person upside down, so you could cut their throat. We also learned basic lean-to and snow cave shelters. At lunch we were served a turkey sandwich and coleslaw. Then after lunch we decided to train separately. At the sword training booth, no matter where I chopped, lunged, slashed, or sliced I could not land a blow. All the other tributes laugh at me. Enraged by my embarrassment I attack the trainer in a flurry of attacks. "Very good" said the trainer. "Your rage is the key to your attacks." I walked away to the medical training and learn about medicinal herbs. They also taught me what plants are edible and toxic. Afterwards it was time to go back to the hotel. At the hotel I met Justin and Savannah. We then to dinner and talked. "So how did it go today" he asked us. "Great" we replied in unison. "Awesome," he said shaking our hands to congratulate us. We had a merry time until he said "How do you think, your going to perform in the arena. We didn't reply, but looked grimly at him. "Oh, so that's what you think." "It's a death sentence," Savannah said, "it's unfair, why I and Caleb both can't win." "Listen, the rules are rules, and the rules are clearly state can't be two winners." "Well that sucks." I said angered at Justin's uncaring remark. "I know-" "No you don't. You don't care about me or Savannah." I said storming of to my room. I angrily took a shower regretting what I had said. The next day I when to eat breakfast when, I met Justin. "I'm sorry for what I said, Justin" "It's alright" he replied. I ate my breakfast, then when to the training room. Their I saw Savannah at bow training. What was she thinking, hadn't Justin told us not to use our strong suits yet. "What are you doing?" I said frustrated. "I don't care what Justin says any more, after last night." "What! He Is Our Life-line!" "No he isn't." "I'm sorry it's just I'm stressed out. But seriously stop." We trained but not at archery, just things we were where what horrid at. The next mourning I woke up in a puddle of sweat, I think probably be cause I'm nervous about the private training with the game makers to see my ranking number. The training room was filled with game makers, they told you to go to the waiting room, and wait for your name to be called. The list dragged on, and on. Finally it was my turn to be called. I eagerly walk up to a large floor with different terrain, a grassy lawn with dry leaves, a set of set of training dummies, and a sword. "On the count of three, you'll pick up the sword and dispatch the dummies, on, two, three." The referee said. The buzzer rang and I was dismissed. I when back up to my room taking a shower. Hours later, Justin brought me a dark coat with another note, saying, Mr. Caleb be at the lobby at 6:15 PM this evening. So at 6:05 I put on the coat and go down to the lobby. Justin met me with Savannah and we went to a