Author's notes: This is a two-parter, for a dear friend's birthday. Warnings: Graphic sex, NC-17, violence, strong language; Bella, Renesmee and Edward bashing. If this is not your cup of tea, do not read. "How is he doing, Carlisle?" I shot him a pleading look, his immaculate clothes unruffled. Glancing around the living room, I could hardly believe we had been through that battle. Aro had cackled with mad glee as he motioned towards the door when Bella entered, that spawn of hers walking demurely behind her, her cowl failing to hide the ruby eyes of a murderer. It was so typical of Bella that she would reveal her betrayal precisely when we were celebrating Jacob's birthday! My fingers clenched tightly the couch, until a ripping sound drew Carlisle's calm gaze downwards. I let go of the destroyed leather as I took deep, unneeded breaths in an effort to calm myself. However much I tried though, I couldn't dispel the memory of my wolf, crumpled in a heap near the wall. I could hardly recall what happened afterwards, only flashes of dismembered corpses as I fought like a madman, despair and tenderness mingling in my mind as I stood between Jacob and our enemies. "Jacob's fine at the moment. Are you aware of what transpired earlier today, Emmett?" Carlisle steepled his fingers, his voice soothing and melodic. "I know Jacob and you developed a strong relationship." I snorted softly, the corners of my lips tugging upwards in a smirk I stole from Jacob. I was at a loss for words, though. How could I explain what he meant to me? The way we drew closer and found shelter in one another as the world crumbled around us – when Rosalie and I grew distant and our fights more bitter until she up and left for the Denalis while little Renesmee, now become a beautiful teenager, started to follow on her mother's footsteps and became a slut who cheated on Jacob while drinking his blood. I was drawn by Jacob's vulnerability which contrasted with his enormous resilience that allowed him to endure conditions that would break lesser men. I became what he needed me to be: his friend, his companion, his lover. In turn, Jacob opened himself to my hungry gaze and became the anchor that tied me to this world. Once upon a time, I was sure that if Rosalie ever left me I would crumble and wither away, a shadow of my former self. It was the reason I was so clingy and insisted on all those weddings. Jacob showed me that my life did not end with Rosalie's departure. In fact, it had gotten even more exciting. But all this I was unable to put into words. I'm not Jacob, who held me spellbound the night he told me the legends of his tribe. I'm no worthy storyteller that can weave our tale like it deserves, like a story out of the Arabian Nights. "I love him, Carlisle." My shoulders drooped in defeat, realizing the futility of the words because Jacob was not here to hear them, and I had been too much of a coward to tell him directly. I had only whispered the words against his perfect brow the nights he slept by my side. I tilted up my chin to shoot Carlisle a glance. "I will do anything for him." "I'm aware of that, Emmett. I know you and Jasper stood by his side…" "When we confronted that pair of whiners?" I slouched against the destroyed couch, the spring poking uncomfortably against my cotton pants as I tilted up my chin to gaze at the ceiling. "Renesmee, the spawn from hell, was draining Jacob's blood at the same time she was spreading her legs for whoever wanted her. Of course the golden couple knew and chose to do nothing, thus forcing Jasper and I to give them an ultimatum." "You forced them to leave." "Exactly." I shot Carlisle a furious glare. "Since the head of the coven would not perform his duties and allowed the constant victimization of Jacob, who is part of our family, we had to act. Either they left at once, we told them, or we would kill them and Nessie." I cracked my knuckles, remembering gleefully the way Edward's face crumpled when Alice and Esme glided into the room. I was glad of their support, especially when Edward read Alice's mind and her vision of a future if they chose to fight, in which both their corpses surrounded the red mane of lifeless Nessie. They left within the hour, and we thought we were finally rid of them until they showed up today. "I'm sorry, Emmett." His smooth voice sounded contrite, but I raised my hand to forestall his useless explanations. "I understand Edward is your prodigal son. I never had any bones with that, I didn't care until you allowed that fact to warp your perceptions. You handed him the moon, made us fight for him and his bitch, you involved people from around the world in this fight and all for what?" I crossed my arms, my chest bulging as I leaned forward and scowled at Carlisle. "So a selfish whore could procreate and bring her filthy spawn into this world. You closed your eyes to the abuse they heaped on Jacob, verbally and otherwise. Rosalie constantly insulted him and you did nothing. Renesmee drank from him and you remained silent. She cheated on him and you did not intervene." I shot out from the couch and turned to give it a mighty kick. It flew against the wall and crashed, leaving a gouge behind as the frame crumpled into pieces. As I paced back and forth, I blessed the fact I was not a shifter. I would've phased and torn a huge chunk out of Carlisle's smug carcass. But Jacob was a shifter, and he never phased and attacked any of us, even under the direst provocation. I closed my eyes, wishing I could cry, wishing I could erase the past that saw fit to torment my wolf so much. "That's why Rosalie and I fought so bitterly," I said slowly. "I wanted her to curb her temper but she wouldn't because she was too spoiled to change her behavior. Told her how revolting she appeared to be as she spewed her comments fueled by racism. Of course the blond ice princess didn't take it well and finally she left me; but at least I did something!" "Bella and Edward were unable to control Renesmee," Carlisle said softly, his voice neutral as he sought to ignore my remarks. "Renesmee kept feeding on her lovers, until she killed the first of many." I walked to the wall and leaned against the plaster, tilting my neck to glance at Carlisle. "What happened then?" "Edward left them. He couldn't countenance his daughter's behavior, nor Bella's accepting ways." "The eunuch reacted too late!" I snorted contemptuously. "Wimp!" "Edward tells me he read Aro's mind. The Volturi learned of Renesmee's… transgressions and decided to end her existence, but Bella offered to join them." "So that's why they were together!" I said through clenched teeth. "She's not only a whore but a traitor!" "And she left with Aro after their defeat." Carlisle let out a nearly imperceptible sigh. "I know I killed Demetri." I fixed him with a stern look. "Anyone else?" "Jane's no more, and the pack tore Alec to pieces. The Volturi have lost their most valuable assets." "But they still have Bella." I said shrewdly. "I know Aro's ways very well. I lived with him long before Bella's puny ancestors arrived in this continent." Carlisle's lips curled up in a sinister smirk. "Aro loved to watch the power plays in the courts of Europe, where glittering courtesans entertained kings and imagined they held real power." "Pricey hookers who were really cheapskate sluts." I barked a laugh. "Just like Bella, huh?" "Those two will soon be at each other's throats, like scorpions." Carlisle said. "At any rate, what should really concern us is the pack, our putative allies if they return. Are you aware of the power play within the pack?" I sat down on the loveseat, raising my hand to ruffle my short-cropped hair as I let out a sigh. "I know Jacob fought constantly with Sam, and that put him under considerable stress." "I take it Sam wanted to kill Renesmee?" Carlisle leaned forward, his fingertips brushing his perfect chin. "No. It was Jacob who wanted to kill the little demon. When Bella and her daughter left, he didn't weaken at all, in fact he felt relieved. Sam insisted on not killing them because Nessie was Jacob's imprint. In turn, Jake said he had broken the imprint. Sam wouldn't believe that and they fought constantly. I was frankly surprised when the pack showed up for his birthday." "The reason Renesmee's absence didn't hurt Jacob is because it wasn't a true imprint," Carlisle said. "What do you mean?" "New information that Edward relayed to me after the battle. You know that Renesmee was self-aware in the womb." I nodded slowly and raised my hand, motioning him to continue. "Renesmee knew most people wanted her dead, so in order to survive, she projected an aura of love and bonhomie which fooled those who came in contact with her." "Like Edward," I said through gritted teeth. "Exactly. She also read Jacob's emotions, his loneliness and despair at the situation with Bella. In fact, Renesmee was inexorably drawn to Jacob because…" "What?" I raised my chin and fixed him with a stare. "Don't tell me Jake's her soul mate?" "No." Carlisle finally said. "Jacob is Renesmee's Singer." "Damn!" I stood up and kicked the loveseat which flew in the air and crashed against the door. "No wonder she couldn't keep from drinking his blood. Little demon from hell! So she… what?" I turned to Carlisle. "She used her voodoo powers to fake the imprint?" "Jacob desperately wanted to imprint. Renesmee used that thirst to her advantage, to have him tied to her. She used her resemblance to Bella to nudge the imprint in her direction." "So the imprint was real?" I arched my eyebrow at him. "At first it was. Jacob's wolf seemed to believe it. Later though, as Renesmee revealed her true colors, the wolf rebelled." Carlisle tipped down his chin, studying the thick rug on the floor as he weighed his words. "I've studied the legends concerning these hybrid children and I've arrived to the conclusion that Jacob could not imprint on one of them. That's the reason Jacob became so detached from Renesmee, even allowing her death for transgressions against the treaty. He was at the cusp of breaking the imprint before the Volturi arrived. When Renesmee showed up, her red eyes indicating she no longer abided by our rules, that was the point that tipped it all." I paced along the room, trying to grasp the meaning of Carlisle's words. "So that's the reason he collapsed? He broke the imprint?" "I'm afraid it's more complicated than that, Emmett." Carlisle let out a sigh, his searching gaze fixed on my eyes. "I've been able to gather the whole picture, from what Jasper and Edward reported…" I raised my arm, forestalling his words. "Hold it! Is Edward here? I won't stand for it, Carlisle. He's a noxious presence in Jacob's life and this family. Either he goes, or I do." "Has it come to this?" Carlisle said softly. "It has. He believes he's the center of the universe, a silly idea both his bitch and his daughter share." "You don't have to worry, Emmett." Carlisle lowered his shoulders, a sob threatening to leave his throat. "Edward left earlier for parts unknown." "That's good to know." I nodded in satisfaction. "Now, about Jacob…" "Edward read the minds of the pack. They were at the brink of changing allegiances; they went to the birthday