Warnings: Bella bashing, NC-17, violence, character death, drama, and major plot twist. The Three Laws of Robotics 1. A robot may not injure a human being, or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. 2. A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law. 3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law. From 'Bicentennial Man' by Isaac Asimov. "How dare you imprint on my baby?" Bella screeched as she dragged me out of the house by the scruff of my neck. "How dare you call her Nessie?" "Lemme explain, please!" I managed to say before she threw me onto the lawn. My chest heaving violently with the effort to remain calm, I stumbled to a stop and turned around. Lifted my hands to try and reason with her. My senses were in overdrive as I glanced up at the house. The Cullens were lined on the balcony, watching with smiles in their faces as Bella shoved me around. Edward's lips were curled up in a tight smirk as he glanced at the pixie, who arched her eyebrow at him. The leech must have been reading her mind. My anger grew at the sight of their placid faces. How could they simply stand there and watch Bella beat me up with her newborn strength? When I heard Renesmee's soft breathing coming from inside the house, a sense of peace pervaded my soul. Bella needed to calm the hell down so she would stop shrieking like a banshee; didn't want her disturbing my Nessie. Yes, Nessie. The nickname fit the adorable creature I couldn't wait to get back to. Couldn't Bella understand that Nessie was just a nickname and my way to cherish her? Ever since I had imprinted on Bella's baby, I saw the world through different eyes. Gone was the anger that had dogged my steps when I courted Bella in vain. Found my rightful place in the world as a protector of her daughter, for Nessie held a place in my heart just like she had a special position in my small pack. Nessie's security was uppermost in my mind, in the same way I labored to protect Seth and Leah, their welfare a consideration to guide my actions. I wanted and needed to care for my pack and give them my utmost. I would often sneak a glance at the Cullens to try and gauge their weaknesses as a kind of war game, while my wolf sought any advantage to insure the survival of my pack. Of course, I could do nothing against the vamps because they were Nessie's family. Nevertheless, this sense of wariness on behalf of my pack never abandoned me. The responsibilities I had long sought to evade turned out to be not so bad. My wolf rejoiced at having under his command pack members to cherish and a mate to nurture; such was the nature of the Alpha's job which fell upon the heir of Ephraim Black. Nessie was part of my pack, a precious child to protect until the time she grew into adulthood and decided to occupy her rightful place as my mate - or left me in the same cold way Bella abandoned me. The decision would be entirely in Nessie's hands, not mine. The imprint bound me to her with ties that cut through my innermost drives in ways Bella didn't care to understand. "How could you do this to ME, you SICK DOG?" Bella spat out at me, cutting off my brief reverie. In this heightened state, time seemed to move as slow as molasses. Had the opportunity to glance up at Edward and notice his cruel smile while the other Cullens smirked at my predicament. Felt utterly betrayed, but those leeches didn't count in my book. It was my best friend's features twisting in a grimace of disgust directed at me that tore my heart to shreds. Nevertheless, I had to compose myself for it was my job to pacify Bella for Nessie's sake, not my own. "Bella, I'm willing to share her!" I said in exasperation, lifting my arms to try to make her understand that it was out of my control. Everything had been out of my hands since the moment I was born, fated to become a werewolf who would imprint on a child and follow Nessie around like the sick dog Bella called me! Bella snarled as she launched herself at me. She landed with utter grace just a step away and heaved me up, throwing me against the trees. Rolled up and managed to take the fall gracefully. Was dazed for a while and couldn't understand what was going on, noticing a sandy-colored blur out of the corner of my eyes as Seth launched himself at Bella to try and help me. With her newborn strength, Bella dealt very easily with my pack brother. She whirled Seth around like the rangy wolf was a puppet and with a mighty heave she threw him against the big oak on the edge of the lawn, right where the woods began. Shuddered when I heard the dull thud of Seth's bone breaking; the sound drove a spike through my heart, and my wolf howled in despair at the hurt endured by a member of the pack under my command. My glance slid around towards the pixie, who was staring intently at Edward. The Cullens stood as still as marble statues behind the balustrade, mute witnesses of the injustice they deigned not prevent. Seth yelped and whimpered as he tried to stand up on his forepaws, but then his chest crumbled to the ground as his shoulder gave way, obviously broken as a result of Bella's fit of rage. I kneeled on the ground, scooting on my knees to get to Seth. His muzzle contorting in agony made me shiver at the pain he was enduring; hoped it wasn't as intense as what I felt when the newborn crushed my ribs in the battle where I defended Bella. Seth's writhing form, his whimpering and helplessness in the face of a daunting adversary – for that was what Bella had become in the mind of my wolf – called up instincts I hardly used. In the timeless interval I stood poised to protect a member of my pack, my back straight as a rod to shield him from the sight of ancient enemies, images crawled up in my mind: Seth as the young kid who was always eager to please, hounding my every step like the little brother I never had; the kid after his first transformation when he became a part of Sam's pack; finally, the exasperation and surge of pride I felt when Seth chose me to be his Alpha when he entered my pack, his inner voice becoming sharper in my brain. The Alpha's responsibilities weighed heavy on my mind at the sight of my frail brother, twisting his rump as he favored his right foreleg to try to soothe the pain of his broken shoulder. Gravity caught up with me again and hurled me back to earth with a mighty crash, ready to face the harsh reality as Alpha of my pack. I staggered and fell down to the ground, raising my hands to clutch my head to clear the thoughts which were piercing my skull. A whirlwind of memories left me floundering: my father recounting the duties of the Alpha, traditions handed down to him through his grandfather, Ephraim Black; Sam lecturing me about the ways the pack should be strengthened to counter the dangers of the Cold Ones; Bella dying, her frail body exhausted after giving birth, the moment when I turned to Edward and begged him to change her; and most importantly, the way my world shifted when I saw Renesmee for the first time. How sweet and frail she looked the moment I imprinted on her. Seth howled again and as my gaze fell on him, his ears drooped as he walked towards me, stumbling as he sought to protect me. Me, the one that should have been protecting him in the first place! I had failed my pack by letting myself become weak and not strong like the Alpha should be – allowing my affection for Bella and Nessie to cloud my judgment. I knew Ephraim Black would be ashamed of being my ancestor if he saw how I kneeled to the Cullens in my haste to protect Nessie. Shaking my head, I realized that Nessie didn't need my protection at all because she was a hybrid of great strength; besides, she had Edward and Bella to look for her - while Seth had no one but me to guide him. So many things became clear in that instant. I had been a fool to believe the Cullens would ever take me into their fold. I was forever an outsider, a dog to be petted and tolerated because Nessie needed me. I had given up my birthright in my foolish claim to become the mate of the daughter of a Cold One. Ephraim Black had warned that they couldn't be countenanced near the Rez because they were brutal and coldblooded. They were not to be trusted. What had Seth ever done to Bella? Why did she not rein in her fury, the way she prattled about her restraint when she didn't drink the blood of the climber on the mountain? She said she spared the deer and went on to kill the mountain lion; why, then, did she have to hurt Seth? The answer was simple: because we were worthless in her eyes. The fog I had been living under suddenly lifted. I tilted up my chin to shout my anger to the sky as I leaped in the air, my bones and tendons twisting in midair in the brief moment of agony that comprised the shifting, fragments of my torn clothes swirling down around me as I landed with a mighty crash near Seth. The ground felt good under my paws, the shock of landing a welcoming sensation travelling up my legs to my spine. Seth's scent soothed me; in contrast, my fur bristled at the sickly-sweet stench of the Cold Ones, Bella's foremost among them. I turned to snarl at them all, delighting in the astonishment stamped in their faces. My hackles rose at the sight of Bella's red eyes. She was the enemy that had dared to hurt a member of my pack! "Jacob, calm down!" Edward's soothing voice reached me as he rushed towards us in a blur. If the fucking leech was so concerned, why hadn't he intervened before? I growled at him and his damned family of monsters that threatened my pack. I shivered as a thought unfurled in my mind, a crisp realization that crashed through my wolf and human parts like a freight train. In losing the sense of wonder and weightlessness that allowed me to ignore their constant insults, I had lost something else. The imprint was broken. I felt nothing for Nessie – or Bella. 'Get that woman out of my sight!' I roared at Edward, crouching with my belly low to the ground, forelegs extended, ready to battle. "Bella, get out!" Edward said urgently. Having read the angry set of my thoughts, he curled his fingers around her arm and pushed her towards the house. "And leave you alone with the dog so you can discuss my baby? No way!" She snarled at him, wrenching her arm free and shoving Edward towards the house. Something in my gut twisted at that. I had to grudgingly concede that the leech had always treated Bella with love, and now she manhandled her husband too? Didn't have time for reflection because she jumped at me, her feet pointing directly at my rump.