The story occurs just after the ending of BD2. The fic deals with yet another way to utterly destroy the imprint. This is a two-parter. I'll post the final chapter soon. Warnings: Strong language, anti-Bella and Nessie, graphic sex, and rimming. Closing softly the door, I step inside our home, the corners of my mouth lifting up in a smile at the sight of Dad. He's slouching on his chair, his eyes tracking the basketball on the TV. He glances up at me at the sound of my boots thudding on the wooden floor. "Son." He nods solemnly and cocks his chin at the kitchen. "There's food on the fridge. Help yourself before you go back to the Cullens." "Did you get Sue's stew?" I rub my hands gleefully and shoot him a grin before I head to the fridge. "Who's winning? Charlie said he'd win the bet for sure." "It doesn't matter," Dad says offhandedly as he rolls his chair towards me. "It was just a small bet between friends." I grab the big green Tupperware and fish out a wooden spoon from the kitchen drawer. Then I turn towards him and open the lid, sinking the spoon in the delicious stew. "Aren't you going to heat it up?" Dad arches his eyebrow at me, the squeaking sound from his rolling chair stopping as I gulp down the bite. Roll my eyes at him, my hand grabbing one of the napkins from the holder on the kitchen table to wipe my lips. "Can't wait. I'm hungry." I wolf down another portion and hook my foot around the leg of the chair to pull it out before plopping down on it. Tilting up my chin, I flash him a reassuring grin. "Esme cooks really well, but believe me, there's nothing in this world that tastes better than Sue's homemade stew." Dad's eyes widen at that and I shrug. I couldn't help my weak appetite the last few days or even weeks. I've been feeling down, which I suspect is the effect of the little monster feeding off my blood. Dad's seen me at my worst, all lethargic and listless. Luckily Nessie herself provided the solution to the dilemma she created. Dad's hand creeps up his arm and he pulls up the sleeve of his plaid shirt to glance at his watch while he mumbles, "It's getting late, Jacob. You'd better head back to…" "The Cullens?" I say around a mouthful of stew. I gulp and lift my eyes to the window. It is true, the sky is darkening outside, and the few times I've visited Dad, I always leave just as dusk approaches. Not anymore, though. Twilight is no longer my prison, for I've broken free. Dad nods sadly and I stand up, grabbing an upended glass from the drying rack by the sink. I open the faucet and fill it with cool, refreshing water and then turn around to lift the glass in a silent salute. "Don't worry; I'm not going back to the bloodsuckers' lair. There's nothing holding me there, except…." "Nessie." Dad's voice holds such a tone of wistful resignation it makes me shudder. I shake my head. "Nope. Not her, dad. I've grown close to one of the leeches and I'd miss his company." I finish drinking the water and tilt up my chin to glance at the ceiling, searching for the words to express the deep camaraderie that binds me to Emmett, which I hope will become something far more intimate and physical. "It's Emmett, that big guy?" Dad purses his lips and hunches down his shoulders, drinking my every word. I have to tread carefully now, on the razor's edge between giving too much information and not explaining myself enough. God knows I hate cryptic remarks like those Bella always utters! Why can't that silly woman speak her mind for once? Q'wati himself knows it would've saved me a whole lotta trouble. "We've grown closer." I tilt down my neck to stare at Dad, schooling my features in what I hope proves to be a neutral expression. "He's the only one that pays attention to me, who doesn't belittle me and takes me as I am." I close my eyes and wince at how much I sound like a teenage girl. Just the memory of Bella always moaning about her cold prince reminds me I should've put a stop to her whining long ago, but the fucking imprint had sunk its claws on me even then. Thankfully I'm free of that! "You always have a smile on your lips when you mention him," Dad finally says. "That leech is the only one that's shown interest in you and asked for your health. By the way, Seth brought those tools your Emmett guy bought for your birthday." "He did?" I bounce up and down on my toes. Emmett had hinted about a gift, but frankly I was kinda distraught and didn't pay it any mind. "They're at the shed, but you haven't been there to work in your cars since…" Billy stops with a shudder. "I know, Dad, I know." I bite back a rueful sigh and lean my hips on the edge of the kitchen table. "Anyway, Emmett is the only one I'd go to that house for. Certainly not Nessie!" "She's your imprint, Jacob." Dad's voice is so low, only my wolf's heightened senses allow me to hear. "You'll have to go back. I don't want to see you suffer… more than you've had." I raise my hand, my fingers gracing my neck, unconsciously chasing the ghost of small, pointed teeth nipping at my neck to draw blood. Nessie, of course; that damned Chucky couldn't stay away from her convenient soda fountain which turned out to be me, unfortunately. "I've seen teeth marks on your neck, son." Billy thrusts his chin at me, obviously figuring out what my nervous gesture means. "And given Nessie's distressing ancestry, I've guessed she feeds on you." He ducks his head in shame to hide his gaze from me. "I'll consult the other Elders, see what we can come up with," he mumbles despondently. "For Chrissakes, Dad, you've got nothing to be ashamed of!" I cry in exasperation with the whole situation, mostly with me, though. Now that I'm free of Nessie I can see how pathetic I must've looked in the eyes of my father, the one man I don't want to ever let down. I crouch down on the floor in front of him, lifting my hand to squeeze his forearm in sympathy, saying in a rush, "Yeah, it was Nessie that bit me, and I had to obey her because of the fucking imprint! But you know what?" A smirk tugs up the corner of my lips. "I'm glad she did. Boy, oh boy, am I ever glad she's a little bloodsucker!" Dad shakes his head with resignation; it's plain to see he thinks I've lost all my marbles. "I'm not following you, Jacob." My nostrils flare as I take a deep breath, my inner wolf rejoicing at the strong scent of leather and grass coming from Billy. It conveys a sense of homecoming to both the man and the wolf. My human side gratefully recalls his scent as he worked on fashioning figures out of leather and wood for the rituals of our tribe; and to the wolf it means his lair, a place where he can be safe with his pack. Nourished by the strong sense of belonging I get whenever I'm near Dad, I launch onto my tale without pausing too much, just letting the words do the talking for me. "I've spoken with Edward about what he feels for Bella." I raise my hand to forestall Dad's hostile questions. He's never seen eye to eye with Edward, seeing him as the guilty party that took Bella away from me. Funny thing is that until a short while ago I wholeheartedly shared this view. "He isn't a bad guy at all, Dad," I manage to mumble. "He's got his issues, but he's pretty decent for a bloodsucker." "Hasn't managed to help you at all, son," Dad finally says. "For all his so-called sympathy." "He's pussy-whipped is all." I shrug, cocking my head sideways. "Wrapped around Bella's little finger, doing all he can to satisfy her whims." I frown at Billy's astonished expression. He's only heard me going on and on about the perfections of little Miss Swan, like, a gazillion times if not more so I understand his bafflement. "Anyway, Edward is convinced his attraction to Bella started because he was his Singer, as the Italian head honcho, that Aro Volturi, said. He couldn't pull away from her because her blood sang to him – or some such fancy vamp notion. Eventually this fascination grew into love and he was hooked." "I fail to see what that has got to do with you, Jacob," Dad says in a resigned tone. "Last I checked you were no leech." "Nope, thank God for that." I flash him a smile and stand up, my knees creaking from remaining crouching for so long. "The principle is the same, though. Bella always fascinated me and drew me in like a fucking magnet, and I was powerless to fight her attraction. There was something in her that called on me to protect and cherish her – even if she walked all over my heart time and again." "I witnessed that firsthand." Dad grimaces and I shudder in understanding. "When her daughter was born I transferred all that sympathy and care away from Bella by imprinting on Nessie." I walk behind his chair and gently push it towards the living room. We'll be more comfortable there. My gaze rests on the can of Coke which Dad opened for the game and I grab it, disregarding his weak glare. Eventually, I plop down on the couch and sigh in relief. Sipping the lukewarm Coke, I'm ready to go on with my explanations. "So I started figuring things out. That's where Emm's help came handy; the big guy is pretty shrewd, even if his imposing physique would have you thinking otherwise." Dad shakes his head in irritation and I gulp down the rest of the drink while my train of thought is derailed. Do the girls on the Rez think of me like that, though? Does Bella only see my body? Is she as blind as the others when it comes to my inner resources? Hard to say for sure though, with that expressionless face she pulls most of the time. "So what did you figure out?" Dad prods me none too gently. "It was Nessie's mother I was watching over all along." I let out a heartfelt sigh. "Not Bella herself, but the potential she had to bear Nessie. That's why I acted as her protector, took on the role of brother and confidant. I was very confused, but then she gave such fucking contradictory signals that they threw me for a loop. For instance, she flirted with me some days and then grew distant? I never knew what to think about her." Dad sighs in exasperation and I rush on, realizing I'm starting to whine again like a million times before. "Anyway, that's all in the past. Nessie came along, I imprinted and that should have been all." "Which is why you should head back to the Cullen house, noxious as the place seems to be," Billy says bitterly, his gaze lowered to the wooden floor. "Something changed recently, though. A very important thing." I pause to squeeze flat the Coke can and then throw it so it falls right into the trash can with a thudding sound. Then my fingers reach up to trace a path on my neck, lingering in the place where the aorta lies closest to the skin – Nessie's preferred feeding place. "Nessie bit me and drank my blood, repeatedly." "So what?" Dad says,