The Dreamer Author's Note I wanted to write this as a tribute to the many stunningly beautiful stories that I have found regarding one of my favorite couples in literature. I hope that this little one shot will show that gratitude a little. I know it is more than a little fluffy, but hey, it's a guilty pleasure of mine. Please enjoy, and let me know what you think. I don't own any of rights to Harry Potter, but like many of you, I enjoy playing in that wonderfully amazing sandbox a little. He was dreaming and he knew it, what he didn't know was that he was smiling in his sleep as he dreamed... He hadn't been there, but the Gryffindors won the Quidditch match, and he was standing in a celebratory crowd of people, none of whom had a face, but that didn't bother him because he knew who each person was. He turned his head as the portrait hole opened and the beautiful ginger-haired girl climbed through. Hers was the only face he could see, the only face he wanted to see. She was still dressed in her Gryffindor Quidditch robes, and the dark red and gold of the robes made her beautiful red hair appear darker than usual. She was the only one now in the room as she ran toward him, the others fading away as people in dreams often do. She was smiling a very mischievous smile as and her arms wrapped around his neck, her beautiful browns flashing at him. He had kissed her then. When it happened he experienced a euphoric feeling. He had never felt so happy in his entire life. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her to him. Her lips tasted… well like her – a combination of peppermint, grass, wind, and joy. The kiss deepened and it made his heart burst with even more happiness, like everything just made sense. This is exactly what should happen right now, everything just seemed to fall into place, like a major piece of his life was now there and the thought made him smile into their kiss. The red-headed beauty broke the kiss and leaned back staying in his arms. He looked into her eyes and saw warm brown eyes flecked with gold and those eyes saw only him. Those eyes reflected a fierce love that showed what she had enjoyed the kiss as much as he had and her brother, his best mate, who was watching them open-mouthed could just sod off somewhere. Those eyes almost dared her brother or anyone else to try and stop what she was doing. He noticed the freckles that traced a trail from one cheek over her nose to her other cheek, and it made him want to count and kiss each one of them. He knew she was his now, though he had been hers for months he had waited and was now being rewarded for his patience. And he struggled trying to think of a better reward that being able to hold his ginger-haired girl in his arms for the first time. He looked down and saw her lips curved into a smile that made the euphoria return and she closed her eyes and leaned in to continue their kiss… And as sometimes happens in dreams, this one faded to another scene. He was sitting under a large beach tree near the Black Lake. He saw the giant squid slowly circumnavigating the lake as though it had no care in the world, which he thought made sense for a giant squid. The leaves in the trees around him were a vibrant green and swayed in the gentle breeze. Sun was filtered through the leaves and branches and warmed him. He heard bird song surround him, and thought briefly of joining in with them. He felt contentment – a peace that he hadn't felt in himself for a long while. It made him grin lopsidedly. He looked down and saw the source of his joy: a delicate feminine left hand interlacing fingers with his right hand, her thumb softly rubbing his in an almost automatic motion. He loved the slight calluses he could feel on her palm from her riding a broom. He continued to look at the wrist and then the elbow and shoulder. He saw the tell-tale red hair softly laying on the shoulder move slowly as the beautiful girl sitting next to him moved it to the other side, and in doing so displaying the soft white skin of her neck. A neck that he loved to nuzzle and kiss as he realized with a jolt of happiness that there may be new freckles for him to count. He continued his gaze-journey as he moved to her ear, an ear that as with her neck he loved to nibble on, and then followed her delicate jawline. As he saw her chin he moved upwards to her mouth which was beginning to curve into a smile. A smile that he was beginning to realize was just his – she shared it with no one else. He knew she knew he was looking at her and she didn't care that he did. In fact the gentle squeeze of his hand seemed almost to encourage him to continue. The smile stayed on her face as she turned her head to look into his eyes. The fierceness was there, but it was a minor emotion compared to the adoration and kindness he saw in those beautiful brown eyes. He glanced quickly at her cheeks and saw the freckles on her cheeks standing out a bit more as she had been in the sun recently. Her lips were red and seemed to be asking that he kiss them some more. He returned his eyes to meet hers and saw that the adoration was joined by curiosity, and so he returned her smile. She grinned back and quietly said, "Knut for your thoughts." He had never said what he wanted to say to anyone before, but he knew how he felt. And before his head could get in the way, he heard himself say it, "I love you." The statement made him feel like the world stopped and nothing else mattered, just the stunning breath-taking auburn-haired girl sitting next to him. Her eyes widen a little as she heard the words, her mouth forming a small smile and in one of the most adorable things he had ever seen she bit her bottom lip a little. And then her eyes sparkled like two chocolate diamonds. There may have been a hint of tears in those beautiful eyes but he couldn't really tell. The adoration returned and was joined with pure happiness. She smiled that special his-only smile and looking back into his eyes whispered, "I love you too." As she leaned in to kiss him… The dream faded into darkness… and fear. It was dark, but not just because the sky was dark, he had his eyes were closed. He was being held in massive arms, carried like a baby. He sensed danger and loss. He also sensed that something was almost through, like he was almost at his destination after a very difficult and long journey. But most of all he sensed dread because he knew what was about to happen – and he hated it. He heard a high-pitched voice taunting others, and then he heard her voice as she screamed his name. He knew it was his ginger-haired girl's voice. He would recognize it anywhere. And as she screamed for him, his heart shattered into a thousand pieces each one stamped with her name as he heard the despair and horror and loss in her voice. He begged his ears to stop working, but her sobs reached his ears. He couldn't stop those tears and heart-ache, it wasn't time. And he knew it. But his heart hurt for the beautiful girl with red hair who was being led to believe that he was dead. He wanted to jump up and run to her. Take her into his arms and show her he wasn't what was being said of him, that he was alive and that he loved her. But he couldn't, it wasn't time… not yet. He wanted nothing more than to spend the rest of his life with her. Whatever happened next to him, he promised to do whatever it took to never put the ginger-haired girl in a situation to feel this again. But it wasn't time… not yet. He heard new noises and voices and commotion. The time had come to finish his journey, and his eyes began to open… The dream faded once more. He was standing in front of people, lots of people. His friends and family were there. There was someone standing slightly to his front and left of him. But he didn't notice – because the red-haired girl was standing in front of him. Her long hair was curled and cascaded down her right shoulder. It shone like someone had put fairy lights in it. The brilliant white silk dress she wore was simple but elegant. It fit not only her body but her personality. It was perfectly her. While she wore makeup it was only to enhance her gorgeous brown eyes and red lips. The eyes that made him happy, the eyes that had made him fall so desperately in love with her. She was smiling. But he had never before seen a smile so wonderfully beautiful. It was so beautiful that it almost hurt to look directly at it. Her right hand was in his left. Not even conscious of what he was doing, he raised his right hand and kissed his fingertips before taking the simple gold ring and sliding it upon her ring finger. When the ring reached its zenith he took her hand in both of his and looked up into her face. Her brown eyes now seemed flecked with gold dust and the look of fierce love and devotion made his heart once again burst at the seams. There were tears pooling in them as well, as he knew his were at the same moment. He almost laughed with joy as the ginger-haired girl, no HIS ginger-haired girl, mouthed "I love you" to him. Then it was her turn to place a ring on his finger, and prior to doing so she raised her delicate fingers to her mouth, kissed the tips and slid the ring where it belonged. As she did this she smiled at him the entire time, their eyes never losing contact with each other. He then heard someone say something that ended with "…kiss the bride." He gave his ginger-haired girl a lop-sided smile and pulled her into him while at the same time she walked forward to him: the action causing them to collide and giggle at one another. Then his hands were cupping her delicately gorgeous face as he leaned into kiss her… The dream faded. They are at St. Mungo's. He is leaning over his ginger-haired girl kissing the top of her head. Her hair smelled of sweet roses and well… her, a smell that he has never been able to truly described, but a scent that makes his whole world better. The smell makes his head spin with love despite it being damp with sweat. He looked down at the tiny bundle she was cradling in her arms. His love which he thought could never grow for the woman in his arms exploded ten-fold. They were parents. And the thought made his knees buckle a little. She noticed and looking up at him with those marvelously brown caring eyes. Those eyes that almost glowed with concern and love now not only for him, but the small child she had just delivered into the world and now held in her arms. And the questioning look in them made him smile at