Author's Note: The sequel to Agar Saer and one of my first Haldir-centric fics. Though not the last. The Cost of Blood Chapter One: Returning Home The fading sun gifted the clouds with their golden and violet robes, burning the leaves crimson as it sank behind the shoulder of snow-capped Celebdil. Twilight was slowly falling. White stars began to peer out from above the burnished clouds, with Eärendil leading them as he sailed up out of the West to begin his journey across the night sky. A light footstep pressed the damp green grass, the soft rattle of white-arrowed quivers breaking the silence of the evening. Golden hair fluttered in the warm breeze tossing the fair tendrils over the elf's shoulders. He dropped low into the sheltering grass, his eyes intent upon the darkening landscape around him. The two elves flanking him mimicked his movements, their eyes bright in the quickly deepening dusk. The riders were growing closer. As they rode within earshot, the elf rose from his hiding place and nocked an arrow to his bow but did not draw it. He had seen the golden fall of one of the riders' hair in the last flash of sunlight and knew him to be an elf at least. "Daro! Reveal yourselves!" he called, his tenor voice ringing out with the musical brazenness of a trumpet. The riders reined in sharply, pausing just out of bowshot of the elves. "What kind of a greeting is that?" a voice rejoined cheekily. The rider who had spoken, dismounted and groaned, stretching stiff muscles. "Well, you at least have not changed since I last saw you, Ancadal. Still impertinent as ever," the elf who had first accosted them laughed dryly, motioning the others of his patrol to arise to greet the travelers. "Fedorian, what news?" Another of the riders greeted his friend warmly, clasping his forearm in a warrior's grasp as he too dismounted from his steed. The other elf returned the greeting with a smile. "None that I know of, Haldir. The forest has long been quiet though a patrol of orcs a ten day ago nearly reached the banks of the Nimrodel before we overcame them. I have asked the Lady to send other soldiers to reinforce those already in place on the northern front." Haldir nodded absently, rubbing at his tired eyes. "We were not expecting you to return so late. What kept you?" Fedorian asked, noticing his friend's distraction. "Snow," a dark-haired elf explained tersely, still astride his own horse as he trotted past the two elves. Their trip had been much delayed by circumstances outside their control and they had had to travel nearly around their destination because of warnings of orcs driving down from the mountains. "Where is Commander Cálivien? I have not yet seen him among you," Fedorian asked suddenly, searching the three travelers for a sign of their leader. When Haldir did not answer, he looked sharply at him, noticing the drawn and suddenly haggard browof his friend. The other two were also silent; their gazes grim and downcast. Fedorian stopped walking, sensing something was terribly wrong. "What happened?" he asked quietly, wondering if he really wanted to know the answer to that. "We will speak of it later," Haldir said, softly dismissive. Fedorian fell silent, his own visage sorely troubled. But Haldir merely shook his head, watching Rameil canter past. Searching for a change of subject, he attempted a light smile at his friend. "So, how fare your daughters?" Fedorian's smile returned, allowing the conversation to be routed. "Ah, lovely as ever- Silivren is to be wed soon." Haldir turned to him in amazement and laughed delightedly. "Indeed. And which lucky male is the one to take the hand of the fair Silivren?" Fedorian chuckled. "Arenath son of Gwillith- if you can believe it. That poor boy nearly had my daughter asking him to marry her- he was so anxious." "The both of you sound like two little wives with all your chittering," Rameil interjected with a wry grin as he returned to ride beside them. But the other two did not have time to retort for they had already reached the edges of the trees. "Who goes there? Stand forth and be recognized!" a clarion voice challenged before they had gone less than three paces into the wood. Fedorian looked up with a mock-scowl. "Come down from there, you little squirrel and report!" "You are late," came the impudent reply as a shadowed figure dropped from the branches high above their heads. The elf stepped into the starlight and grinned at the weary travelers. Déorian was rather short for an elf, only reaching up to Haldir's chest. But for all that, the elf was a fierce fighter and impossibly fast. He had received his third name "Dae" among the patrol, meaning "Shadow" in the Sindarin tongue. And he was a constant thorn in his leader's side because of it. "What mean you ' late ?' I did not tell you when to expect us to return," Fedorian snapped, irritated, but Haldir saw a small grin tug at his lips. Déorian winked roguishly at Haldir and turned his back to his officer. "Come on. We've cloaks and drinks to spare," he said over his shoulder as he climbed swiftly up the silvery hithlain ladder that descended to meet them. With a rueful shake of his head, the older officer followed after him with a sideways grin at Haldir. Somewhat grim but often laughing, Fedorian seated himself upon the platform, stretching his long legs out with a comfortable sigh. Déorian feigned a stumble over him and made a smart remark that earned him a playful smack and a laugh from their senior officer. "So sure-footed, our loyal tracker!" he chuckled as Haldir pulled himself nimbly up onto the ledge. "He hasn't changed at all since I left then. Still tripping over his bootlaces," Haldir replied with a broad smile at the insulted look Déorian shot him. "Are you making a jest at my expense, sir?" the shorter elf inquired in a deadly growl but a teasing light gleamed bright in his eyes. In mock-horror, Haldir stepped back a pace eyes wide and hands upraised as he swept into an exaggeratedly low bow. "Certainly not! Upon my honor, most noble and courageous warrior, none would dare cross so deadly a hunter as thyself!" All three of them burst out laughing as the others trailed up the ladder, glancing strangely at the three for having missed the jest. "So, how torturous was King Thranduil?" a young archer who stood with several others on the platform asked with a laugh, silenced by a reproving glare from Fedorian. "Mind your tongue," he chastened lightly. "We will make our report on the morrow," Rameil explained as he set down his heavy pack and quiver with a sigh of relief, lightly massaging his sore shoulders. The archer shrugged, undaunted. "All right then. Tell us of your travels. What is Mirkwood like? Is the Queen fairer than the Lady Galadriel?" he asked excitedly, glancing quickly at his superior in case of another castigation. But Fedorian himself was looking at the three with interest. "Those at least were not mere parting gifts, I see," he remarked shrewdly, nodding at the three richly embroidered dark green sashes bound about their waists. An honor bestowed upon them by the King Thranduil after a battle that had very nearly cost them all their lives. "Come, tell us your tale for we have had to listen to Déorian's ceaseless prattle for far too long." He grinned mischievously, ignoring the smaller elf's indignant sniff. Haldir smiled contentedly, glad to be back among his friends. Tall and fair to look upon were all the guardians of the Golden Wood, soft-voiced and eager to laugh. And just as quick to lift sword and bow in defense of their homeland. They were fiercely loyal to their Lady, who had aided them during their time of need when their king was lost, and perilous in battle- the oldest had fought together for nearly ten centuries now. Both old and young, however, had fought together during the Last Alliance a millennium ago and though few of that brave company had ever returned, including their lord and King, Amdír, those survivors of that terrible conflict continued to guard the north marches with an ever-increasing vigilance since word came of the dark shadow growing in Mirkwood and the restless unquiet in the mountains. It had not been long since their own people had retreated deeper into the safety of the Wood and the Lady who had taken up its guardianship had posted the soldiers to watch the borders fervently. Many though were still young enough to have forgotten that long war and in the first flush of their youth. Haldir among them, for though he had fought in the Last Alliance and seen several millennia pass, he was still considered somewhat youthful among his officers who had seen far many more- their captain among them who had commanded the northern fences well for those centuries. And it was for him they mourned now as Rameil and Ancadal sat in the middle of the talan and related their tale to the group surrounding them. Haldir said little, preferring only to add his affirmation to the elves' story every so often as he leant back against the trunk of the tree, lost in his own thoughts. He remembered all too vividly his time in Mirkwood and would rather not speak of the details so easily. Even Rameil and Ancadal, taking turns as they did, glossed over many of the truly unpleasant and still painful details. Especially when they came to the death of Cálivien, their leader who had led them faithfully only to be treacherously slain by King Thranduil's traitorous brother. Thranduil had sworn them to secrecy regarding what had happened in his kingdom and the elves of Lothlórien would honor that confidence. Haldir shook the image of his friend's mutilated body from his mind, an instant's regret pulling at his heart that they had not been able to bring their commander's body home for a proper burial. He was lifted from his dark thoughts by the sudden silence that had fallen like a veil over the previously merry group. A great evil occurred when any Elf was slain. Those whose lives were as long as Arda itself were not meant to taste such a bitter sting. Those who had known and loved the Elf mourned that loss deeply but when a commander of the Guard was slain, it was a very sorrowful time for all. The Guardians of the Golden Wood were revered and beloved by all the elven people and their commanders in especial for without their valor and vigilance the forest might have long ago fallen into darkness. It took many long years to mould a warrior into the kind of powerful, knowledgeable leader that Cálivien had been. He had been their captain and their friend for over five hundred years; many had grown up under his command just as their fathers had served him. Experienced and wise, he had led them time and again to victory against the foul bands of orcs that lurked at the edges of the forest and the wolves that howled on its borders. His patrol was devastated by the news of his death. After the proper honor was given the Elf as befitted his rank and station, those who had been under his command selected another from their own ranks and would accept no other as their leader for the ancient ceremony that had bound them all together could not be repeated. Fedorian, as the most senior officer among them, would take Cálivien's place as leader if not as dear friend in the hearts of those elves who had known him. One by one, the soldiers silently gave their assent and laid their swords at his feet, swearing