Author's Notes: Another early story of mine. Disclaimer: All recognizable characters such as Aragorn and Haldir do not belong to me and I have no permission to use them or Middle Earth- I only get to play in Tolkien's backyard when he's not looking. I am not getting paid for this story; its purpose is enjoyment only However, there is a rather large cast of original characters that do belong to me. Some of which I'd rather not claim because they're just nasty people. Any inconsistencies, canon, spelling, grammar, date errors or creative licenses are the fault of the author. Warning: I will caution you here. There are one or two explicit instances of violence, torture and attempted rape which I think require more than just the label of "T" or "PG-13." Part One Hints of Shadow Aragorn was in a tight spot. That in itself was not surprising; the young man had a certain knack for cornering himself as his father constantly reminded him. But even he knew that six to one odds were not in his favor. Still he kept a tight grip on the hilt of his sword and a tighter grip on the reins of his two mounts which were tossing their heads anxiously, their eyes rolling as they scented fresh blood. The blood came from their master. One of his assailants had managed to sneak up on him and clipped a glancing blow across his skull, half-stunning him. But a hard head, quick thinking and quicker reflexes snatched precious moments for Aragorn to get back on his feet and draw his sword. The raiders were thieves by desperation rather than inclination and now faced with not-quite-so-easy a mark as they'd expected, they were hesitant to attack him. However, weapons were much in evidence and Aragorn had the prickling feeling that maybe he should have waited for Haldir as the elf had told him to. He had been thrilled when the captain of Lothlórien decided to accompany him home to Rivendell on the pretext of reestablishing ties with the elves there; and their journey had gone relatively smoothly…until now. His fellow traveler had departed camp early that morning to scout the way ahead. Their provisions were low after two weeks' of hard travel and he knew of a small town where they might get supplies. But when he hadn't returned by midmorning, the restless ranger decided to go on and see if he could catch up. He hadn't gone three miles down the wooded path before being accosted by highwaymen. "Hand them over now, boy, nice and easy. Then you can go on your way." The leader's eyes gleamed with covetous delight at the beauty of the elven steeds. Aragorn clasped the reins still tighter and back-stepped again, his heels almost in the small stream where he had watered the horses. "No." "Fine. Then we'll shoot you and take them anyway," the leader nodded and his men pulled arrows to their bows. A thin-armed man with a shock of sandy hair, however, shook his head, giving Aragorn an almost-frightened look. His clothes were patched and frayed but they were undeniably those of a farmer. "Caleb, I don't want to ki-" "Shut it, Saion. You'll do what I tell you," Caleb snapped, cuffing him sharply. "You want to survive out here, you follow my orders. Now stretch that string and put an arrow through him." Aragorn decided not to waste a moment during this furious exchange and ducked behind the protective bulk of the horses' bodies. Caleb went furiously white and swatted Saion's arrow out of his hands. "Don't hurt the horses, you idiot! Do you want to be stranded in this deathhole?" Aragorn pressed his back against his steed's withers and cast a quick glance across the saddle. Desperate, three of the men rushed around the horses, trying to flush him out from behind the coveted animals. But their weapons were crude and rusted with ill-care. The sword that had once belonged to Isildur snapped them as easily as dry twigs. Standing at the edge of the chaos, Caleb suddenly screamed and fell, clutching his leg; a white arrow transfixed his calf. After dispatching one of the bandit, Aragorn's eyes raked the treetops and though he saw nothing, new heart edged his swing as he parried another blow. His opponent suddenly threw down his blade, his eyes stretched wide and horrified as he stared at the white arrow protruding from the throat of one of his comrades. "No…not here," he whispered in a voice raspy with fear. Alerting his companions, he nearly tripped over his own sword backpedaling away from Aragorn and the menace in the trees. "The ghost! The ghost! Run!" Aragorn didn't know what provoked that bizarre reaction but continued to hold his sword at the ready. The others had noticed the white arrows too and fled as fast as they could into the brush, shoving one another aside so as not to be the one caught at the rear. Caleb, despite the arrow in his leg, scrambled up with a short, wailing cry and staggered off after his fleeing band sent on his way by a last arrow that thumped harmlessly into the earth. As the noise of their frantic retreat faded, Aragorn swiped sweat from his brow and laughed for sheer relief. "And what, pray, is so funny?" An irritated yet dryly amused voice inquired. "I cannot leave you alone for an hour before some catastrophe occurs can I?" Aragorn waited until the elf touched the ground before folding his arms in what he hoped was a stern pose. "Well, if you hadn't been so late I wouldn't have had to go after you in the first place." Haldir snorted at his display. "Why did Lord Elrond never teach you patience ?" "He tried, it didn't take." Aragorn grinned cheekily, earning him another supremely outraged glare. The captain of Lothlórien snatched his reins away from the human and leapt lightly into the saddle. "You do realize had you killed my horse, I would have made you piggyback me all the way to Merdon." "Thank goodness it lives!" Aragorn swung himself up before the elf could lean down and smack him. "How far are we now?" "What did I just tell you about patience? You'd think you were human how you rush through life." "I am human." As the good-natured banter faded into the leaves, the clearing grew quiet. A spider wandered off a grass stalk and onto the white-feathered arrow still embedded in one of the bandits. Suddenly the wooden shaft twitched. Dislodged by the unexpected movement, the spider scuttled off the dead man's face and into the grass. Long, pale fingers felt every inch of the arrow- from the trimmed swan-feather flights and cracked shaft to the mallorn-shaped tip, so sharp it drew blood with a touch. Rubbing the crimson stain between thumb and forefinger speculatively, the tall, grey-cloaked figure turned hidden eyes in the direction of the Road, the path the ranger and the elf had taken. They were deep in Dunland territory, a wide, fertile area scattered with deeper woodlands and settled by herdsmen and farmers. An ill-timed snowstorm had blocked the shorter passage over the mountains and forced them to go roundabout through the Gap of Rohan. The hinterland was bare and grey in every direction but the trees still clung stubbornly to their leaves. As they continued north, it would get colder and likely snow. But Rivendell was still weeks away. It would take a while yet before Aragorn crossed the threshold of the Last Homely House. In the meanwhile, he tightened his belt and prayed that the miles would vanish swiftly under their horses' hooves. Haldir grew increasingly quieter as they drew closer to human habitation but by the time they approached the town, Aragorn wouldn't have been able to hear him anyway. Drenched and shivering in a stiff rain that blew in with nightfall, they hunched over their saddle horns, conscious of only the wind roaring in their ears. The small, backwater town of Merdon nestled close to the mountain foothills bounded by formless pastureland on one side and thickly wooded slopes on the other, now hidden behind a dark and silver curtain. In no better condition than their riders, the horses' heads drooped with fatigue and their manes matted flat against their broad, wet-darkened necks. But at the sight of warm light, they twisted their ears forward and lifted their hooves higher out of the squelching mud. The road was rutted and gleaming. Few lanterns at all winked in the rain. The beady-eyed gatekeeper scrutinized them critically from under the shelter of his dripping hood before sliding back the bolts and letting them through the town's only gate. A few more yards down yielded a slightly decrepit-looking inn whose faded sign The Butchered Goat flapped in the wind. "Cheery place," Aragorn observed wryly as he half-slid, half-fell from his mount, his legs stiff and trembling with exhaustion. His now quite-useless hood dripped into his eyes and he yanked it off as soon as they ducked into the warm odor of the stables. It smelled of horse and moldy straw. But it was empty and dry- at that moment that was all Aragorn cared about. His body ached from long, unaccustomed hours in the saddle, fighting against the wind, and his stomach clawed at his backbone with hunger. He glanced longingly towards a locked door opposite them which led into the back of the inn. Through the frosted pane, he could see the glow of firelight. Shivering in his drenched tunic, he wrapped his arms around his chest. Haldir guided Lintedal into an empty stall and immediately began untacking her. "The faster you work, the quicker you'll warm," he remarked, sliding off the saturated leather saddle. Aragorn hastily made his horse whose name was Maethor comfortable, had him fed, watered and dried off in less time than it took Haldir to finish removing all harness. He took his own time, carefully brushing his mare's chestnut coat until it shone. After a further quarter of an hour, Aragorn was about ready to go inside without him. "I know elves have all the time in the world but at this rate I'm going to turn into a ranger ice statue before you're done," Aragorn said, trying to get the elf to make at least a little haste. "Good. Then I won't have to listen to you whine," Haldir said, without altering the long, languid strokes through Lintedal's mane. "All right. Then I'll help you," Aragorn offered picking up the brush he had used on Maethor. Haldir flashed a quick look at him over the horse's flank but made no move to stop him. Lintedal nearly knocked Aragorn head over heels as she half-reared onto her back legs, almost crushing the human between her bulk and the wall. Aragorn quickly ducked away and stood, bewildered and wide-eyed as the mare continued to toss her head, a whinny breaking out of her throat to rattle the rafters. Catching hold of her, Haldir soothed her neck and whispered softly to her. When she had calmed a little, he offered the still-shaken man an apologetic smile. "She is… unaccustomed…to the touch of men, I fear." Despite Aragorn's Númenorean descent and the strain of elvish blood running through his veins, he was still undeniably human no matter how he would wish it otherwise. Aragorn smiled ruefully and deposited himself on a bale of hay a comfortable distance from the agitated horse. "Like steed, like rider." The words came out before he had really thought about them and he pressed his lips together tightly, glancing up through dark hair at his friend who remained stroking the horse's neck with his back to him. "Sorry that was thoughtless," Aragorn brushed a hand over his tired eyes, unaware of the chill sucking his bones through a hot flush of embarrassment. A soft almost breathless exhalation