Author's Notes : Special thanks to Antares Star for editing this in a time crunch. Love between friends is the slipperiest emotion to pin down on paper. It doesn't lend itself to definition. Emily Dickinson put it best when she wrote, "It is shelter to speak to you." Unfortunately, I am no Emily Dickinson and can only offer what I can. Disclaimer : I am merely playing in Tolkien's sandbox. I have pillaged the chapters of the Fellowship's stay in Lórien to render this story truthfully though none of it is. Special Dedication : To all of you who are friends, and to the many smiles you grant, the tears you soothe and the memories you provide those who are lucky enough to call themselves the same. Upon the Road of No Returning By: Marchwriter "He cannot simply refuse!" Orophin's voice, confined only by the narrow walls of their shared quarters, was rapidly ascending to an indignant squawk that made greenlings on the borders jump to attention and long-suffering brothers search for somewhere to sit. "I did not say he ought not to attend them. I simply do not see why one of the white-cloaked guards cannot." Though slighter and leaner than either of his remaining family, Rúmil, fortunately, had their mother's unassailable patience. A blessing when his opponent was Orophin's staunch opposition. The two brothers invariably clashed—the result of centuries under the same roof and almost as many apart. Too often of late their rivalry had taken on a harder, more desperate, edge, distinct from the old rivalries that had consumed their youths when the Shadow was but a vague and half-forgotten wisp on the horizon. Haldir kneaded his forehead to stave off a vexing headache. His brothers, thankfully, seemed to have forgotten his presence. Or perhaps they hadn't and speaking of him as if he weren't there revealed just how little choice he had in the matter. "He is already here and already known to them. Why give another his place?" "I have no desire to argue this with you. All I said was—" "I heard perfectly well what you said, but they came to us tired and worn and grief-stricken. They are not the enemy nor are they worthy of such chariness…Nay, do not shake your head at me, Rúmil! You are truly afraid—" "Even Legolas' well-sung tune could not chase that shadow from my heart. There is some evil on them, Orophin. I felt it even if you did not—" Abruptly excusing himself from bearing further witness to this maelstrom he already had too little tolerance for, Haldir shouldered between his arguing brethren and strode out of their talan. February's pensive wind gentled the stabbing at his temples and the voices behind him receded to muted snarling. A lantern-light, left carelessly lit from the night before, gave forth a feeble glimmer as he smoothed melting frost from its panes. Though dew still jeweled the lawns here and water trickled faintly to his ears as if it were yet early spring, snow would benight the fences within a fortnight; when he'd left frost rimed the swift Celebrant's banks. Even now, the wardens taking vigil there suffered from chilled hands and leather too stiff with frost to serve until it had been worked and warmed. And they had work enough already. Recalling the wisps of pale smoke he had seen rising in Dimrill Dale, his heart lurched with longing to be back out on his marches. Cheerless meals, surly men and uncomfortable bedding would be a just and even generous recompense if the duty that awaited him here could be at all forsworn. But wishing did not make it so, and he knew, even in the wishing, that he would have come anyway if it did. Other lanterns flickered into brighter life among the boughs. The city's denizens were waking and Haldir could hear the whisper of doors opening and shutting and voices calling greetings to familiars through the foliage. His keen ears also caught the surge of angry tones from inside his quarters as his brothers emerged behind him, still in full tilt at one another's breasts, though their barbs remained words instead of blades. Though if he let things go on, he might yet have to part them with his saber. "Rúmil would have you skulk with the maids and peacocks of the Royal Guard, playing errand-runner to the Lord and Lady." Unabated vitriol roiled through Orophin's rigid countenance as he stalked out onto the porch. "Keep your spiteful words for yourself, Orophin!" Rúmil's renowned patience had clearly been worsted by his elder's indefatigable siege. "I alone seem to consider our brother's heart, not only his position which your swan-breasted pride rides on like a ship with a full wind." "A plague on your querulous nagging! Silence , the both of you!" The captain's strident bark overlaid by an elder brother's vexation had the desired effect. Both Rúmil and Orophin fell silent at once as if their tongues had been cut. Haldir resumed his contemplation of Caras Galadhon with an air of affected patience. After a moment of listening to the unseen water, he addressed his truculent middle brother first whose unrelieved invective all but visibly seethed under his skin. "Even if the damasked silks of royalty mantled your shoulders instead of a soldier's wool, you should find it no shame to perform even midden work for your liege-lady." He didn't need to look to see Orophin's grimace at the gently pointed rebuke though he had, for once, taken his eldest brother's command to heart and said nothing. "And as for my welfare in their presence, you seldom require a prompt to remind me that I place far more value on my pride than my skin." "Less seldom was your wont to admit such a thing," Rúmil came to his side and rested his forearms on the railing. While Haldir kept his eyes firm on foliage patterning in the wind, he could feel his youngest brother's gaze considering him. That probing regard, keen as winter sunlight through glass, had always been able to see what was so often obscured to others—even to Orophin: the haunting troubles and reticent shadows. Perhaps because Rúmil could not bear to dissemble or hide the depth of his own sentiments, the Valar granted him some inner sight that allowed him to divine the hearts of others. Haldir had known only one other who saw so clearly into him. "He has changed you." Rúmil's smile was soft and a little too understanding. A sidelong glance. "Were it not for Estel, I would have the peace of death to spare me your badgering." He had meant it jestingly, but a familiar furrow appeared between Rúmil's brows and Orophin's intractable spine withered, his face draining of frustration. The flame of his jocularity extinguished in the cold of his brothers' somberness. They knew what Estel meant to him. What this parting between them meant. "Let us hope all his work remains after he is gone." "The Fellowship departs soon," Rúmil said unnecessarily. "What will you say to him?" "I had not thought on it." Haldir watched the trail of his fingers over the railing's grooves, slick and cold with dew. "Tell him it is time to part," Orophin suggested, folding his arms across his chest and resting his lower back against the railing. "Wish him the best and have done. Do not mince words with him, and linger not over it—thus your parting will be made easier. It must be done like removing an arrow. Cleanly and completely." Haldir wasn't sure if he winced or not, but Rúmil shot over his head, "Would you truly be so cold to so long a friend? You cannot even take leave of acquaintances without wringing their hands to strings." Orophin countered with stubbornly folded arms. "Estel is not an acquaintance? We have known him…what? A handful of decades? Sixty? Seventy at most?" Rúmil's contemptuous snort at this insensitive remark and a sharp squeeze on Haldir's shoulder bestowed little comfort, and the words that followed did nothing to appease the sense of dread gnawing tenaciously at the pit of his stomach. "He goes into great peril, not for his own sake, but for us all," said his youngest brother, "Tell him you shall miss him. Tell him how much his friendship has meant to you. Tell him you will see him again. Even if you won't. His heart needs to be strengthened in this dark hour, not diminished." The lamps hanging overhead were dimming as ascending sunlight stole through green roofs, dappling the ground in rich and vibrant earth-tones. Birds trilled on every branch. The dew had more than half burned away. He had to go. The deed that is long delayed is oft the most difficult to bear. He started away from the railing and the questioning gazes of his brothers. "Rúmil, return to the marches posthaste; make sure our scouts all come in and hear their news yourself. I want to know what moves in the Dale as soon as I return. Orophin, go…finish whatever it is you came here to do." "Aye, Haldir." Orophin stood shoulder to shoulder with Rúmil now that he had stepped from between them, consternation and quarrel set aside if not forgotten under the new burden of sharing a brother's impending separation from a friend. Clouds of leaves mottled his path with their darker reflections as he descended the spiraling stairs, passing through several flets. He had traversed these stairs hundreds of feet above the forest floor as many times and never felt any ill effects from the height. But for an incalculable reason, he paused midway down, fingers clutching at the banister tight enough to grind his bones into damp wood. Vertigo, a passing moment, that was all. Lingering aftermath of the wine last night explained away the swimming of his vision, the humming in his ears, his heartbeat's erratic thuds. Certainly not nerves. That was foolish. He released the railing and did not touch it again. From the ground, he glimpsed the underside of the guards' talan he had just left, almost hidden in the leaves and very much overshadowed by the high chamber of the Lord and Lady above it. The murmuring water had blossomed to a full-throated song that Haldir could not help resenting slightly. Courage is drawn from many wells, but the captain of the northern fences found his usually generous springs at a wan and sullen trickle. Straightening his spine for the illusion of determination if not the actuality, he rounded the great chamber's trunk, a massive, grey wall whose permanence lasted only as long as one chose to remain within its shadow. The morning wind that had balmed him on the porch raked through him as he stepped onto a broad lawn. Not a stone's throw away, the white fountain splashed and flickered with diamond-lights. One of the hobbits whose thin face was shadowed by the memory of an old and dark wound was the first to notice him, and the marchwarden caught his own features tightening in surprise at the uncertain but exuberant wave that followed the flash of recognition in those haunted eyes. But the other members of the company when they saw him—though Haldir carefully did not meet the gaze of the tallest man—seemed not as eager for his company as Frodo whose tight mouth and anxious eyes bore the signs of a man impatient to be going. He felt the pull of the Ring and remaining in Lórien would bring him no delight, only delay which made the Quest all the harder to bear on shoulders unaccustomed to so cumbersome a weight. Haldir would have pitied him if Frodo's will had not blatantly countermanded his own. With a stormcrow's mantle clinging heavily about him, he threw his shoulders down and back to bear up the weight and descended towards the waiting Fellowship. Unlike the other elven realms such as Imladris, which