Hello folks and welcome to my very first fanfic, re-written and remixed! ! This is mainly a Ron/Hermione story with other relationships in between. This is kinda a retelling of the series in missing moments and also retelling of events that actually did happen in the books. Some of the relationships are different. The only canon ones are Ron and that horrible fling he had with Lavender, and of course him and Hermione. If you're looking for a Harry/Ginny fic be warned: this is not it. Not even close. This story will be done in first person narrative and several POV's but mostly Ron and Hermione's. Its rated M for a reason. Mainly because Ron and Ginny have very vulgar mouths and some lemony sprinkled fluff in later chapters. Oh yeah. Queen Rowling owns everything. I just like to borrow Ron Weasley on the weekends. Chapter 1: The Hogwarts Express Ron's POV "Ronald Weasley hurry up before you miss your seat on the train!" screamed my mum as we pushed our carts in the crowded train station on the way to Hogwarts Express. Yeah mum screaming my name as loudly as she could wasn't even remotely embarrassing. Wonder what else can happen even before I started my 1st year. Oh wait I'm getting ahead of myself. I'm Ron Weasley. 11 years old. The youngest boy and next to the youngest child in a family of 9 red headed witches and wizards. Yes that's a lot of ginger to go around isn't it? And I apparently have a lot to live up to being the last boy. Bill the oldest is a codebreaker, Charlie tames dragons in Romania(Mum tells me that I better never get such a silly idea in my head she is always treating me like I'm a baby), Percy is in his 5th year and is a prefect (as well as a right foul git at times)/ the twins Fred and George are in their 3 year (surprisingly) and Ginny, the only girl, is starting next year she's the youngest. And then there's me. Nothing too special I must say. I'm scrawny, tall, long nosed, and so many freckles I might as well be a map. You could probably plot about 5 constellations on my arm alone. As we approached Platform 9 ¾, a boy with black messy hair asks my mother how to get on (he must have overheard her when she mentioned the word muggle). As she told him, I thought how maybe it wouldn't work for me. Maybe I'll just crash because I'm not good enough to even get on the bloody platform. But as my turn comes and I run with my eyes closed towards the wall, I continued to run and almost crashed into some ultra blonde git that seemed like the type to have a serious attitude. I give a quick sorry and he nastily looked me up and down, like I threw up on his new robes or something, then boards the train. I shrugged it off, said goodbyes to Mum and Ginny, and boarded the train. I shouldn't have gotten on so late because it seemed everywhere was full. Percy had to go to the prefects cabin (like I'd sit with him anyways. I loved him, but he was boring and stuffy) and the twins had already chased down their best friend Lee Jordan and found somewhere to sit with a group of girls I didn't know, so I was left to look for a seat on my own. As I passed by cabins I spotted the boy that my mum was talking to. He is sitting alone, gazing out the window like he was amazed at what was going on. I took a deep breath and open the door. "Excuse me, do you mind? Everyone else is full" I said. I try not to sound nervous, but living at the Burrow I really didn't get the chance to interact with other children other than family. "No not at all. Sit down." said the boy cheerfully. I sat on the seat across from him and introduced myself. He tells me that his name is Harry Potter and I'm amazed and start to yammer like a prat. "THE Harry Potter?! Wow! I didn't know you were coming to Hogwarts! This is amazing!" The boy (IT'S HARRY BLOODY POTTER) shrugged and let out a laugh and says "I didn't know either. I didn't even know I was a wizard. Or even famous. Kind of overwhelming really." I start to calm down at those words. I see that although he is famous he seems pretty laid back and nervous. You would think that the boy who took down You Know Who as a baby would be pompous. He didn't even know about himself. "So do you really have the scar?" I asked him. "Oh this old thing?" he joked as he lifted his messy hair off his forehead and shows his lightning bolt scar. "Wicked!" I say wide eyed. Harry laughed and proceeded to tell me how he found out about himself and his parents and what happened to him as a baby. He also started to talk about how he was nervous but excited about leaving his horrible family behind for so long. We swapped stories and jokes for a couple hours and then the twins came by and introduced themselves and played a couple rounds of exploding snap (Harry laughed so hard; he had never played before) and then they left. A while later, the sweet trolley came by. Mum packed me corned beef (I HATE corned beef) sandwiches and I didn't have much money ( have I mentioned we are dirt poor?) but Harry pulled out more galleons than I have ever seen and bought tons of sweets. He actually shared with me. We sat there eating candies and cakes and I showed him Scabbers my (used to be Percy's) pet rat. "Pathetic isn't he?" I asked Harry in disgust. "Only a little" Harry says with a smile that I returned. He's alright for a famous kid. "Fred gave me a spell to turn him yellow. Wanna see?" I asked as I pulled out my (used to be Charlie's) wand. "Yeah let's do it" said Harry enthusiastically. I cleared my throat and I'm about to say the incantation when up pops this girl. Actually it took me a couple seconds to realize she was a girl because at first. All I saw was hair. Lots and lots of hair. It reminded me of brown cotton candy. She looked around and asked if any of us have seen a toad. Some kid named Neville apparently lost his pet. We tell her no and she saw that my wand was out and asked was I about to do a spell because she would like to see it. I instantly get nervous. The only girls besides Ginny I've interacted with are cousins and this right rude bint that used to live near The Burrow. I threw mud at her for pushing my sister when I was 7 and Ginny was 6. Thankfully, this girl seemed a bit nicer so I said the spell, and it doesn't work. How embarrassing. I just made a fool of myself in front of a girl and Harry effing Potter. I braced myself for the laughs I know are coming but astonishing enough, Harry only shrugs and tells me better luck next time and the girl gives me a smile and tells me how while it doesn't sound like a real spell she is sure there is one out there that will turn him yellow. I gave her a small smile and as she proceeds to demonstrate that she knows some spells and repairs Harry's broken glasses. I sat back and studied her. As I said before she had very big and bushy dark brown hair that seemed to curl and form a big helmet of hair around her head. But it didn't look messy. It actually looked very nice. I was tempted to tug at a curl. I start to look at her face. She had these deep eyes that were the same color as the dark edition of chocolate frogs. She had smooth looking skin the color of wheat, maybe a couple shades darker. Her front teeth were kind of big, but it didn't really matter to me. She was the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. Now I know what you're thinking. Mate, you're only 11. You shouldn't be thinking about liking girls. Muggles say that girls have cooties. If they really knew what cooties were in the wizarding world they would actually stay glued to a girl because they are actually very cute. Deadly but cute. But I like what I like and this girl with her looks alone seemed like someone I would REALLY like. "My name is Hermione Granger and I'm a muggleborn. I was so excited when I got my Hogwarts letter. I had no idea I was a witch and neither did my parents we were so surprised. I'm honored that they allowed me to come. I've read some books on Hogwarts already as well as other things and...oh I'm sorry. I talk fast when I'm nervous. What are your names?" the girl seemed to say all of this in one breath. It was cute. "Ron Weasley pleasure to meet you. I'm a pureblood but my family isn't like a lot of these pureblood families that act like they are better than others and only stay around other purebloods. We like everyone" I say with a grin on my face as I offer her my hand to shake. Hermione laughed as she shook my hand, and then shook Harry's as he introduced himself and proceeds to tell her he's a half blood and likes everybody too. Hermione's POV I won't lie. I was so scared about my first trip to Hogwarts. Back at home I wasn't at all what you would consider popular in a good way. Kids used to tease me about my hair, the fact that I knew answers to questions and that in loved to read, and even some very mean children would make fun of the color of my skin. I always knew I was a bit different than them. Mummy said it was that I was more mature but I always knew it ran deeper than that. I remember once when I was in 3rd grade and this vile girl Laurel Harper had pushed me off the swing I was sitting on because she wanted to use it. She called me a fuzzy caterpillar and told me that I looked like I rolled in dirt all day. I was so angry and upset at not only her but also myself. As I turned to her as she took the swing a raincloud started to form over her head and she ended up with her own personal downpour. That one was very hard to explain to my parents. I'm glad that Neville (he eventually found his toad. I meant to actually help him more but I got held up) lost his pet. I wouldn't have got on with Harry and Ron. I had never sat and had a nice conversation with kids my age (although in actuality I was older; I was turning 12 in a few days and they had just turned 11 this year) without being teased or looks upon like I was a know it all or someone who was dirty. They were actually very friendly. It was great to meet someone famous like Harry, even though he didn't know much about the level of his fame,seemed to not even care which is a rarity amongst the famous. It was even greater to meet the boy with the most beautiful shade of red hair I have ever seen. Even though he seemed kind of nervous (probably thought I had cooties or something. Is