CH1 Magic Harry rubbed his rapidly bruising shoulder and knew his head would be aching soon from being slammed into the cupboard as Uncle Vernon slammed the little door and locked it. "There's no such thing as magic!" he bellowed as he stormed into the kitchen leaving Harry alone to ponder if there was no magic how did the glass on the snake's cage disappear and then reappear. Harry spent hours long after everyone went to bed thinking about it. Finally as the sun was just starting to rise he had an idea why not try it again, but this time use one of his three army men, they used to be Dudley's but they were each missing an arm or leg, lost in battle not in honorable battle with fellow soldiers but with his big fat cousins abuse, the only thing his cousin was good at. Harry placed the army man on the shelf the thought about it, trying to remember everything just before the glass disappeared and Dudley ended up trapped in the cage. He remembered feeling something, but wasn't sure what it was. He was angry of course and hurt, Dudley was banging on the glass annoying the nice snake when he wanted Dudley to fall in, to break through, something and that's exactly what happened. We he did so it must have come from inside, whatever it was; Uncle Vernon said it wasn't magic, well if uncle Vernon said there was no magic then that's just what it was, magic. Quickly deciding that from now on doing and believing the exact opposite of anything uncle Vernon said or did. Harry thought about the magic inside himself picturing it moving out like an invisible arm. Harry believed so much he could almost feel it there reaching out towards the army man missing its head. As the magic touched the army man Harry opened his eyes and found the army man gone. Just like the glass. Harry was still in shock when a minute later the army man reappeared like it never left. Excited Harry reached out again and this time watched as the army man disappeared. Harry went to grab it with his real hand and it truly wasn't there. Harry found he was tired, probably because he'd been up all night so he laid back and waited. The wait was much longer then the first time but finally the army man returned and Harry smiled as he closed his eyes and slept. Harry tried many things with his army men. He soon found he could make them float and fly around as if they were supermen flying to save the day, but it wasn't till three days later that he learned some truly new. No matter how good you become cooking bacon sometimes you still get burned and that's what he did. A slice of bacon popped and almost got him in the eye and when he jerked back he knocked a plate off the counter breaking it. Harry of course was frightened and just wanted to fix the plate before uncle Vernon saw it and suddenly it was fixed, unfortunately Dudley who waited excitedly for Harry's punishment for breaking the plate paled worriedly as the plate fixed itself but he came to his senses and knowing Harry would now be in more trouble for fixing the plate then breaking it in the first place ran faster than he ever had to fetch his father who unfortunately had his belt in hand and murder in his eyes. Harry spent the next three days in his cupboard and most of that time with his back bleeding. The first day he couldn't even think about trying more magic, the pain was just too unbearable but the next days he spent thinking of new things for his magic to do making a game out of it. Life became bearable at privet drive until the letter came addressed to him under the stairs but Uncle Vernon took it, soon more letters and after several days he found himself in a shack on an island wishing himself a happy birthday when a Hagrid came and told him he was a wizard, being taken to Diagon alley and receiving his wand and more importantly his snowy white owl Hedwig. Unfortunately he found himself back at Privet Drive again with a whole month before the train would take him away to his new school and as soon as he walked in and Vernon had made sure Hagrid was gone Harry was grabbed forcefully by the arm and shoved into his new room and was told to stay, while some things had changed others had stayed the same. The cupboard under the stair didn't remain empty it was now the home of his new truck with his school stuff that were now locked inside. By the second day even the extra room his new room provided became boring, haven seen the outside, he needed to get out if only a little while, so he spent hours thinking until he remembered the time he had magically ended up on the school roof. He spent another hour just trying to remember everything about the time, he had been scared, running from Dudley and his gang when he turned the corner he knew too late that it was a dead end and he would be trapped with no teachers insight to curb Dudley or his gangs playtime of beating up Harry when Harry glanced up and just wished he was up there among the pigeons Dudley couldn't get there and suddenly he was there looking down safe from his tormentors but not from the school or Uncle Vernon when he got home. Unfortunately he had been suspended for a week and it took that long to recover. Shaking the painful memory away Harry thought only of ending up on the roof and tried copying those feelings from that day and suddenly he was on the roof of the school, just like that day years ago. Luckily it was late at night and no one saw him. At first he was excited but then fear started to creep in, what if he couldn't get back, what if this was the only place he could go, but after a few long minutes Harry calmed down enough to "jump" to his room, jump was a good enough word to use whatever he had done, with no one the wiser so Harry laid down and thought of a plan for the next day. After he had fixed breakfast but was only given bread and water before being sent to his room Harry's plan wasn't working. Thinking on the bank and "jumping" wasn't working, in fact thinking of anywhere in Diagon Ally wasn't working, even "Jumping" to the Leaky Caldron wasn't working not that he wanted to show up there and be mobbed again anyway. Harry was about to give up but remembers a small alley just a few doors down from the Leaky Caldron it's was just big enough for a few large trash bins but if he could jump there it would work. Harry "jumped" to the alley and was assaulted by the smell of rotten trash, but the smell would make sure he wasn't seen easily, Hagrid had said muggles weren't to know about magic. Harry walked quickly into the Leaky Caldron following a mother and daughter with brown bushy hair. As the mother stopped Harry quickly continued on keeping his head down so the bartender that had called him out last time didn't get the chance this time. Coming to the brick wall leading to the alley Harry pulled his wand and then thought for a second before imagining his magic flowing into his finger and touching the brick just like Hagrid had done only with his umbrella and the bricks started to move. "How'd you do that?" Came an overexcited voice all too close behind him, making him jump almost out of his skin. "Hermione, don't scare him like that!" The Harry was met with the smile of the bushy haired girl's mother while the girls looked meekly at the ground between them. "I'm sorry," she said before looking up. "I just didn't know you could do that without a wand." Harry smiled at the girl. "It's ok, I just didn't know you were there, but you can do all sorts of things without a wand, I'm not even sure how to use my wand." The girl's eyes widened. "Can you show me?" Harry smiled kind of mischievously and watched as the girl he thought her mother had called her Hermione bounced on the balls of her feet in excitement. Harry led them through the open wall and waited for it to close again. "I'm Hermione Granger by the way." Hermione said as the waited. "Oh sorry I'm Harry!" he smiled back a looked expectantly for the wall to close. Hermione eyebrow rose questioningly and Harry turned back somewhat sadly. "Harry Potter." He finished in an almost whisper. "You are?" Hermione took a step closer inspecting him. "You are!" She said in awe but Harry started to back away fearfully as he looked around to see who heard. Mrs. Granger noticed. "Hermione dear I think your scaring him again." She didn't know what was going on but she was going to keep a closer eye on the boy in several sizes too large clothes with fear in his eyes. Fear of what she felt she needed to know. Harry stood straighter. "No I'm not scared," he said looking around again. "It's just that the last time someone heard my name I was practically mugged by people wanting to shake my hand." He looked at Hermione who only had a sad and confused look on her face. "I don't even know why, Hagrid didn't tell me much." Hermione wanted to ask who Hagrid was or why he didn't know why witches and wizards wanted to shake his hand but decided on the more important question. "Show me how to do that," she nodded at the wall behind them. ", and I'll tell you everything I know." Harry thought about for a moment and frowned. Hermione saw the frown and started to frown herself and look at the ground sadly. "How about I tell teach you everything I know and you tell me everything you know. I think that's farer." Hermione looked up at his smiling green eyes and gripped him and bear hug. Mrs. Granger noticed Harry tense up, now not having a little boy but remembering her days as a little girl who loved her hugs as much as Hermione. She knew while it was normal for boys to shy away from such hugs but Harry seemed fearful, the abused kind of fearful. "Honey let him breath." Mrs. Granger said trying to laugh it off while secretly fearful for the nice young man. When Harry was released by a blushing Hermione he turned to the wall and a bouncing Hermione followed. "Touch the wall right there." Hermione looked at the wall and narrowed her eyes at Harry but he nodded so she did but nothing happened, Hermione turned back almost triumphantly but found Harry still smiling. "Think of your magic as a light in your chest." Hermione looked confused Harry nodded for her to continue and she closed her eyes and sighed after a minute. "Use your imagination Hermione." Hermione opened her eyes and stated matter of factually. "I don't have an imagination." Harry looked confused but Mrs. Granger saved him. "Hermione all those books you read, don't you put yourself with the characters?" She asked taping the side of her head. Hermione thought for a moment and nodded closing her eyes again and soon she smiled. "Oh I have it." Harry smiled at Mrs. Granger and she smiled back. "Ok now imaging you can feel that light and let it spread throughout your body all the