Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. CH1 Second Time Through Harry sat upright in bed luckily the pain in his scar dulled quickly. He checked the date and time it was 2:00am on June 7, 1994, before tying back down to think about this new development. He had only been back in his dorm room an hour since leaving Ron and his dog bite in the hospital wing for the night. Harry did have to chuckle. Snuffles did not do that much damage but boy was Ron playing it up for Hermione and she had eaten it up. Coming back this way was going to make him change his plans. It saddened Harry to know that even with this new development and his changing things as himself and not helping his younger self behind the scenes; he still would not get the girl. Harry shook his head to clear it of those kinds of thoughts before jumping out of bed grabbing his cloak. He would have to sneak to the Owlery to send Hedwig to Padfoot with a note not to leave. Then talk Dobby into going to Gringotts before his talk in the morning with Moony about his tutoring him over the summer, Harry only had one year to get things right so they don't repeat, he can't let so many good people die again, so he didn't have time to waist. ooOoo Harry felt Hermione sit beside him at the Gryffindor table. "Good morning Harry." She said cheerfully but tiredly. "You should have stayed in bed longer, been to see Ron?" Harry asked not looking up from his plate. That took Hermione aback for a moment, Harry sounded a little gruff to her, but she relaxed when she realized he would be very tired also. "Yes, He'll be let out after breakfast." Hermione thought she heard him sigh. "Ok, can we talk after you finish." he motioned to her plate, but had not looked at her. Hermione looked around; the hall was starting to fill, Harry must want to privately with her. "Of course Harry." She answered touching his arm but he tensed taking a deep breath as he did. Harry had always been a little hesitant of touching but nothing like that, even in first year, something was wrong. Sirius having been caught was her first thought, even after all they had done, so she finished her breakfast fast, not Ron fast but fast and was ready to go. Harry led her to an empty stretch of hallway and turned to her. "I want to say thank you for your help last night, Sirius would be dead now if it wasn't for you." Hermione smiled. "Oh Harry your welcome." Harry smiled back but then turned serious. "I know this is the only time I'm going to be able to do this, and don't worry, Ron will figure out you feel the same way, you may have to push to get him to see it though, unless you want him to take till your seventh year to do it on his own." Hermione was confused about what Harry talking about but those thoughts died in her head when Harry bent slightly and kissed her. He did not deepen the kiss but held it for a count of five before he turned a walked away. Hermione did not even realize he was gone until her brain rebooted and then she did not see him again, until the train five days later, no one did. ooOoo It had been five days and Hermione was worried as she looked through each compartment window. She was almost through the whole train and still had not found Harry when she finally spotted him. Throwing open the door she stormed in intent on telling what she thought of his disappearing act when she realized he was not alone, a small blond haired girl was sitting across from him reading a paper, strangely enough upside down. Shaking her head to clear the odd sight she turned back to Harry, "Where have you been? You haven't been to the Great Hall and Ron said you haven't been too bed." "Where is Ron?" "In our compartment," Hermione caught Harry's flinch as she said "our" but continued. ", at the other end of the train." Harry nodded even as he pulled his wand and flicked it at the open door, closing, locking it and drawing the shades down and another flick did something else, but Hermione was not sure what it was. Harry smiled at her confused but interested look. "I silenced the compartment and added a notice-me-not charm to the door so we wouldn't be bothered, while you blow up at me. I am prepared to take whatever you have to say to me Hermione, but remember we are not alone, this is Luna's compartment, Oh Hermione this is Luna Lovegood, she's in Ginny's year, we just met but I believe she has the top marks in her year, I asked to share her compartment." Harry turned to the little Blond girl. "Luna this is Hermione Granger my best friend, I trust her with my life and I hope she feels the same. I hope to be able to call you a friend once you get to know me?" Luna smiled but said nothing as she turned to Hermione expectantly. Hermione looked at both their expectant faces confused. "What?" "You were going to yell and scream at Harry." Luna said in a matter of fact way. Hermione gulped but turned to Harry. "Why did you disappear, what was that kiss, are you mad at me?" "You have done nothing for me to be mad at, the kiss was because I have always wanted to and I understand you will never allow me to do it again, and certainly Ron never would, did you tell him how you feel by the way? He'll take years to figure it out on his own if you don't, believe me I know." Harry grinned mischievously as a thought came to mind. "You know at first I hoped you wouldn't tell him that I kissed you but now I think you might want to. If you tell him I kissed you, he'll hate me, but when you tell him you didn't like it, it may just give him that push to kiss you himself and you can show him exactly how much you like his kiss more." Hermione just stood there dumbstruck for several minutes trying to process what Harry had just said but then she smiled. "But what if I did like the kiss?" It was Harry's turn to be dumbstruck for several minutes as Hermione sat across from him next to Luna. "B… But you like Ron, you have for four…" Harry stopped suddenly and looked horrified at what he stopped himself from saying but it was too late both girls were too smart not to be able to complete at least partially what he was going to say. The girls looked at each other then back at Harry. "Four what Harry?" They asked in unison. Harry looked at the two of them and sighed, he could not keep a secret from either of them. Both were always able to get him to talk in their own and often had opposite ways of doing it too and he just knew it would be harder with them both looking for the same information from him at the same time. Harry sighed and leaned back closing his eyes for a long moment before opening his eyes and starting "A few nights ago Hermione and I saved my godfather Sirius Black. What you do not know Hermione is that at the end of this summer we will meet back up to go with the Weasleys to the World Cup where the Irish will win but the Bulgarian seeker Victor Krum will catch the snitch. Then during the opening feast, an announcement will be made that, there will be no Quidditch that year because Hogwarts will host two other schools for the Tri-Wizard tournament. Champions will be picked by the Goblet of Fire on October 31st where Victor Krum, Fleur Delacour and Cedric Diggery will be chosen before a forth Champion's name will be drawn." Hermione gasped knowing but hoping she was wrong but Harry nodded sadly. "The cup was confounded to accept a forth school where my name will be the only entry and I will be forced to compete against the three seventh year students. I will be in the lead by the third challenge and I convince Cedric who made it to the cup at the same time, to take it with me to share the win. Because of that mistake Cedric will be killed by Wormtail and my blood used to give Voldemort a new body." "Then during that summer where I'll be left alone and ignored by my friends on Dumbledore's orders I'll be attacked by Dementors in my neighborhood and sent to trial where I get off but the Minister is so pissed he sends a teacher to teach and torture students, while attempting to out Dumbledore. Dumbledore's Army, coined by Ginny, is started after you, Hermione, convinced me to teach them. During our Owls, Voldemort will send me a vision of Sirius being tortured, and I, not listening to my best and brightest friend, will attempt to rescue him. It was a trap and fall into it along with my friends, Ron Weasley, Ginny Weasley, Neville Longbottom, and you two, and get Sirius killed who was only there to save us and again I'm abandoned all summer until Dumbledore picks me up so I can help talk an old potion's professor into coming back. In our sixth year Draco will attempt to kill Dumbledore several times, almost killing Katie Bell and Ron in the process but in the end Draco finally disarms Dumbledore but cannot finish his mission so Snape does it for him. In the summer that follows, during the wedding of Bill Weasley and Fleur Delacour, Voldemort gets control of the Ministry and sends Death Eaters to attack in an attempt capture me. Hermione, Ron, and I will escape though, thanks to Hermione. We end up on the run for the year trying to destroy pieces of Voldemort so that he can finally stay dead. Finally, at the finale battle at Hogwarts, I win, sort of, but hundreds of people die, including Lupin and his wife leaving their child behind and Fred dies leaving George alone, countless others die along with them that I don't know. During the battle, Ron finally gets the nerve to kiss you Hermione and you finally got what you had always wanted. I, extremely tired end up in the Room of Requirements where just thinking about going back and changing everything forces the room to create a time-portal. I, hoping I can change things behind the scenes while my younger self actually enjoys his life, stepped through the portal after setting the date to five days ago. I set that date because some things had to happen the way they did so I could make the best outcome. I guess I could have gone back to before our first year, and the stone never would have happened nor the Chambers of Secrets but it would have been harder for me or more likely everything could have been lost." "However, I was wrong about how the portal worked. When I stepped through my body was not, sent through like a time turner would have, instead my body was torn apart and just my ghostly soul or something like that was sent back. I was floating freely like a ghost drawn