Although it was March, a raging blizzard was sweeping through the city. People only went outdoors if they had to, hurrying through their errands to get back into the relative warmth of their homes. For the three remaining members of the Magic Army, there was no heat and the dilapidated, bomb-dusty flat in a collapsed building was not their home. Alexander McElroy, Sergei Dolohov, and Jakub Paweza could not return to their homes, ever. They were all wanted for the murder of Albus Dumbledore. The three young men sat on the mottled wooden floor around a dying fire. Their robes, worn continuously, were torn, filthy, and barely provided any warmth. Their faces were so dirty that they could hardly recognize each other. Alexander often mixed up his two blonde Eastern European comrades. "Sergei, light the fire, will you?" he muttered to the man next to him. "I'm Jakub," the man replied carelessly; there was hardly a point in bothering to correct him anymore. " Incendio! " The men were quiet for another half hour, basking in the light and warmth of the newly blazing orange fire. Alexander was debating whether or not to pull his boots off to try and dry out his socks. They'd gotten wet earlier when he'd marched through the snow to find some food or money some careless muggle may have left. Since his boots, like his robes, were in tatters, icy water had found its way to the bones of his feet quite easily. "Shh!" Sergei said suddenly, pressing a finger to his lips even though nobody had been speaking. "Did you hear that?" They all froze, holding their breaths. Alexander, who had a hand over his boot, ready to pull it off, leaned toward the door instinctively. Silence stretched on for another 20 minutes until their muscles relaxed in exhaustion. With a daily diet smaller than a street rat's, they all struggled to keep their physical strength. Luckily, in their determination to find their Leader, Gellert Grindelwald, their magical strength was almost unaffected. "It was probably just another wall crumbling," Jakub said at last. "Building's about to go any second." "Do you reckon we should head back east?" Sergei asked. "They still can't be so watchful after all this time…" "No, no, it's much more dangerous," Jakub told him. "They're still uncovering secrets of the regime. I still can't even write to my mum." He bit his lip, thinking about his mother and how her every move was being watched by the Ministry of Poland. None of them could take the risk of contacting their families. Alexander's own mother was also in London, a mere 20 or so blocks away from them at the moment, with his gran, sister, and brother. He'd grown up on these streets, his routine remarkably similar to what it was now—foraging for food, searching for direction. He was grateful that they'd survived the muggle bombs, but that was the only highlight of his childhood, that and caring for his little sister. A pang shot through his body when he thought of his family for too long. "Alright, I'm taking my boots off," he announced, removing them with force. Jakub and Sergei groaned. "Might as well drop one of those muggle chemical bombs," Sergei said, wrinkling his nose in disgust as the smell of wet, unwashed socks filled the room. "What do they call 'em? Atom bombs?" "Oh, shut up," Alexander replied, but he was smirking in amusement. "It smells worse when you pull your trousers down." "Please, when's the last time you even got close to a bar of soap? In '45, I reckon." Jakub, who'd been chuckling along, suddenly grew quiet and fearful. "What's wrong, mate?" Alexander whispered. "I heard something." Jakub's blue eyes were wide and his face paler than usual. He clasped his hand around his wand, about to stand up. "What—?" The creaky door was thrown off its hinges and Ministry wizards flooded the room at once, wands pointed at the three boys. " Expelliarmus! " "Do not fire!" one yelled at Jakub, the only one who'd held onto his wand. Alexander's and Sergei's were now in the hands of an official. " Stupefy! " Jakub yelled in response. A shield charm was cast and his spell bounced off over his shoulder, narrowly missing his face as he ducked. Another official seized the opportunity to manually snatch Jakub's wand from his hand. Now unarmed, the three were pushed together and on their knees. " Incarcerous! " a chorus rang out behind them, and ropes tied their hands together, linking them to each other's. Marius Hewes, a lieutenant-type official, stood in front of them imperiously, pointing his wand at each of their faces in turn. "You filthy rats are under the arrest for the murder of Albus Dumbledore. Crouch! Put those wands in the evidence sack." "Yes, sir," an eager young wizard said nearby. Hewes bent down so that he was eye-level with Alexander. Although the boy was indeed filthy, his handsome olive-skinned face now hollowed out and dark curls a bushy, matted mess, he was still recognizable. Hewes looked into his dark eyes and said, "We are going to Kiss your wretched life goodbye, boy. Crouch! You know what to do." " STUPEFY! " Crouch bellowed, and Alexander's world turned black. He woke up strapped to a chair, drool plastered against his chin. Looking around, he saw that he was in the Ministry of Magic, in a court room between Sergei and Jakub. Hewes tucked his wand away and took his seat next to Leonard Spencer-Moon, the Minister of Magic. On the stands next to them, about a dozen blue-robed wizards and witches stared down at the three accused with blatant loathing. "Alexander McElroy, Sergei Dolohov, and Jakub Paweza, you are being charged with the murder of Albus Dumbledore." Hewes turned to Spencer-Moon. "Minister, these three are the last and most vicious of Grindelwald's ruthless Magic Army. Not only did they capture Dumbledore in a weakened state after the duel, they tortured him after casting the Killing Curse. This Unforgivable Curse was cast by the Magic Army's leader, Alexander McElroy at the tender age of 22, that one there in the middle." Every single enraged eyeball in the room was on Alexander shivering in the wooden chair, shoeless, with his wrists bound in chains. Though he wasn't feeling very defiant in his current state, he hardened his face and held eye contact with Spencer-Moon. Go on, throw us in Azkaban , he thought. We will emerge victorious! "Not only did they murder in cold blood one of the most brilliant wizards of the century, all three of them have tortured countless muggles just for fun," Hewes continued, his round eyes gleaming. "And they hand-delivered Aurors from all over Europe for Grindelwald to throw away to Nurmengard! This is why we must keep utmost vigilance against Dark magic!" There was spit flying from his mouth as he paced in front of Spencer-Moon's podium, no longer speaking to just the Minister but to everyone. "Dark wizards are only after power and destruction!" Many of the blue-robed wizards and witches were nodding in agreement. Spencer-Moon, however, held up a patient hand. "Thank you, Marius." To his credit, Leonard Spencer-Moon was a very fair wizard, even in the unfairness that came with running a magical society through wizarding and muggle wars running concurrently for almost his entire time in office. For many of Grindelwald's soldiers, he could almost understand the motive, the conquest for security. Not that Spencer-Moon was against Muggle relations himself, no sir, but Gellert Grindelwald was a very powerful and persuasive man. The Ministry could only hope such a man would not rise to power again for a very long time. It is for this reason that they had to crack down on Dark soldiers after Dumbledore's death. A sentence in Azkaban was too light, too risky. The tired, white-haired Minister let out a sigh. "The Ministry will no longer take such atrocities lightly. Albus Dumbledore was a great, yet kind and wise man, and you three have snatched such a gem from our world." His voice grew heavier, touched with anger despite trying to speak neutrally. "Muggles are not destroying us. Grindelwald and his army have done much more damage to wizard-kind than any muggle ever will." He turned to the blue-robed jury. "All in favor of guilty?" Every single person raised their hand. The Minister's face was not masked in hatred like the rest, only graveness. "Alexander McElroy, Sergei Dolohov, and Jakub Paweza, I sentence the three of you to the Dementor's Kiss, to be effective immediately." A low sob escaped Jakub's lips as Spencer-Moon slammed his gavel against the podium. Grim-faced, blue-robed wizards, one of them Barty Crouch, led them down to an empty stone hallway to a vast, cold room where three chained chairs and three Dementors waited. Each of the young men were lost in their minds, reflecting on their immediate fate. "Any last wishes?" Crouch sneered, now more comfortable out of the watch of Hewes. "Rhetorical question, boys. I don't need to hear any sniveling." No matter—the trio didn't feel much like talking, even if any of them could wrench their mouths open. Silent tears dripped off Jakub's cheeks while Sergei stood rigidly and proudly. " Expecto Patronum! " A silvery fox sprang out of Crouch's wand and trotted around the room keeping the dark, hooded figures at bay as the remainder of the Magic Army were forced into the chairs. As the icy chains wrapped around their arms, legs, and torsos, Alexander thought about his last wishes. He had many—that he could have found Grindelwald and restored the Army, that he could have recruited more soldiers, converted more to believers, controlled more muggles. But his strongest wish of all was that he could go back just a day or two, or even just a few hours, and find the courage to sneak to his mother's flat to see her, his gran, sister, and brother one last time. Especially his sister, who was still sorting out all of the changes and losses in her young life. He wished he could have brought back glory to the McElroy name. Stateira McElroy, a fifth-year prefect, sat at the Slytherin table in the Great Hall of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, picking at her breakfast and balancing her Charms textbook on her lap. Preoccupied with studying for OWLs looming ahead, she didn't notice the frequent glances her way by her fellow prefect, Alphard Black, and his good friend Abraxas Malfoy. Sometime during their fifth year, the Hogwarts students had started to transform and mature. However, this was not yet noticed by Stateira, who wasn't yet 16. She had other concerns, such as beating every poncey Gryffindor and Ravenclaw with Outstanding OWLs, which Headmaster Dippet would hopefully announce in September. The morning post flew in, dropping parcels, letters, and newspapers to various students. Stateira wasn't expecting mail, as it had been ages since anyone had written to her, but she was unable to stop her head from lifting hopefully. After all, they'd had to sell her owl, Greta, for a few galleons to keep the flat, and Alex? Well, it would be too risky for him to write; what if they owl had gotten intercepted? No, Stateira had to cut out the hopeful nonsense and focus on her studies. She read one sentence and looked back up sighing, unable to concentrate. Perhaps she would fare better at the library, but she only had an hour until her Charms lesson. It was at least a ten-minute walk to the library from the Great Hall, and that's if the stairwells weren't acting up. As her dark eyes scanned the tables, Stateira noticed something so odd that she was immediately jolted out of her thoughts. Every other student, or at least the majority, seemed to be looking at her and whispering amongst each other. Perplexed, she