He wouldn't ever admit it to anyone, but Hogwarts was where he felt most at home. He swore he'd never love anything, but the castle was on top of the very short list of things Tom Riddle, Head Boy and heir of the noble Salazar Slytherin, was fond of. Especially now with that old, love-blinded fool Dumbledore absent from the professor's table. Hopefully he'd never return. Old Grindelwald was doing a thorough job of fueling hatred of muggles and instilling fear within Magical Britain. Now if he could just remove Dumbledore permanently, or for at least a few years, Tom would have a significantly easier time of making Hogwarts his— "Tom?" Someone was tapping his shoulder. He turned to see the slightly anxious face of Alphard Black. "Where, erm…where are we supposed to be standing at the start of the ceremony?" This Black, unlike his brother, sister, and cousin, was timid and passive, preferring to keep to himself. He had obviously caught wind of the Chamber of Secrets rumors at some point in the past two years, because he was at his most nervous around the Head Boy. Tom couldn't understand why, as the boy's pureblood status exempted him from any harm. "Didn't Messier go over it with you?" Tom asked him, trying to keep the impatience out of his voice. "I, er…I haven't seen her…" Across the table, Felix Lestrange and James Avery were shaking their heads. They thought the youngest Black a bit of a dolt despite the boy's academic performance. Neither of them, however, would say anything to him outright out of respect for his brother and cousin, Cygnus and Orion. Tom stood and scanned the Slytherin table for the other fifth-year prefect. He saw Messier One, the elder sister, trying to catch his eye, but he was looking for the younger. There she was next to the Fawley girl, scribbling away on a piece of parchment. "She'd over there." He pointed. "I've explained it all to her." Though she probably hadn't listened to a word of it. Another academic achiever, but Messier Two was rarely here on Earth. "Thanks, Tom," said Black, relieved to scuttle away. "What a ponce," Lestrange muttered to Avery as Tom took a seat. Avery only nodded. Lestrange continued to speak but Tom tuned him out, ruminating over the letter he'd sent to Dippet that morning. He'd simply requested a meeting, but had he come off desperate? Was it polite enough, or perhaps too polite, so much so that Dippet wouldn't place it as a priority? Tom had to know the answer now but he mustn't get himself wound up. No, the letter was fine. For someone who loathed asking things of other people, Tom sure had a knack for getting his way. He still had to have a backup plan if the meeting did not end in his favor. All that was for sure was that he was never stepping foot in that orphanage again. Now that he was eighteen, he wouldn't ever have to. But where would he go? No, he had to convince Dippet— "Excuse me, Riddle? What time's the ceremony?" A Ravenclaw prefect now, shy sixth-year prefect Edwina Boot. Tom preferred her over all the others, because she spoke even less than Messier and actually listened. She, like Black, was nervous around him, but it was not limited to him. She took a breath and let out a long, rambling sentence: "Longbottom's saying it's at half-seven, but I could've sworn Dippet said seven forty-five, and since we've got to be there a half-hour early, should we come at seven-fifteen or seven? Or quarter to, to be on the safe side, because if—" "It's at seven forty-five," Tom cut her off pleasantly. "Please be there at seven-fifteen and pass along the message to Longbottom." "Yes, will do," she squeaked. "Thank you, and sorry again for bothering you." "Now there's a girl with some respect," Lestrange remarked as she dashed off. "Her face is rather unfortunate, though." "Eh, we can just blow out the candle," Avery chuckled. "Wouldn't make a difference in the dark, would it?" "She's a half-blood," Tom reminded them, just to get them to shut up. That lasted all of ten seconds until Victor Mulciber leaned in and started in about the most recent game of Quidditch, which was at least easy to ignore. Tom looked around the Great Hall. What would it be like to have all these younger-years under his instruction? Perhaps like Head Boy duties except more responsibility. He could handle it; it was worth it if they were all under his control. Whether through fear or admiration, they would all submit to him— All conversation, internal and spoken, ceased at once at the appearance of Head Girl Lysandra Bell. "Riddle, did you tell Boot the ceremony starts at seven forty-five?" She was furious, but she didn't dare fully express it to him. To others, she was a force to be reckoned with, but not to Tom. She was not afraid of him but rather ashamed after his dismissal of her after their encounter two months ago. Now, however, she'd temporarily forgotten it. "It's at seven- thirty . The prefects have got to be there at seven . Perhaps I should tell them quarter to? Since I've got to fetch them all again anyway." "Not to worry, Lysandra, I will tell them," he said, smiling at her, knowing she still fancied him but that she couldn't do a thing to catch his interest. She'd only been useful to him for one thing, and he'd gotten it already. "I—oh, alright then." She was predictably flustered, unable to resist his charm. "Well, I'll help. Please tell yours if it's not too much bother." She strode away with her head held high, but her freckled cheeks were still pink. Witches are so easy, Tom thought with a smirk. "Until later, gentlemen," he said, rising from the table. He looked out for Alphard Black, but he must have left the Great Hall. However, Messier Two was still seated, scanning the tables. He watched her write something down on her parchment, biting her lip, as he approached. A second before he reached her, fifth-year prefect Melody McCready appeared out of nowhere and clasped Messier's arm. "Oh, Merlin, Harper, I'm sorry!" she gasped. "I've gotten the time wrong! The ceremony is actually at seven-thirty, so we've got to be there at six forty-five." "Oh, alright," Messier replied, clutching her parchment to her chest. Tom briefly wondered what she was always scribbling about, but he didn't much care. Doubtless nothing important, and it kept her out of his hair. "Oi—er, excuse me, Tom," McCready said to him. "According to Antonia Longbottom, erm, the headmaster wants to see you." She blushed and looked away, but Tom was already walking out, eyes on the corridor. "Thank you," he called, trying to keep his strides slow and his posture calm. Dippet had to say yes. Who could refuse brilliant Tom Riddle? No, he hadn't a thing to worry about, but still he could not keep his fists from clenching in anticipation. "Merlin, he's growing more handsome by the day," Mel was saying, taking a sip of Harper's pumpkin juice. "Who?" Harper asked distractedly, taking notes again. She'd been watching Lysandra Bell, who seemed ready to wig out. Stressed about ceremony but also something deeper , Harper wrote, exacerbated by communication with HB . There was a rumor circulating around Hogwarts that Riddle had rejected Bell's romantic interest, but since there wasn't proof, Harper didn't add it. That's who Mel was referring to, she supposed—Riddle. Many of the older-years in other Houses were beginning to fancy him. "What are you always writing about?" Mel asked, trying to peek at the parchment. This was hardly the first time the question was raised, as she wrote scroll after scroll for all five years of Hogwarts thus far, but over the 1944-1945 school year there had been an increase. After being forced to take a break to study for OWLs, she was now rarely without a quill in her hand. For her sixteenth birthday the past April, Mel's family had given her a refilling quill. Now next to nothing held her back. "When is your family coming?" she asked, dodging the question as usual. "Well, see, I'd told them seven-fifteen, but that was when I'd thought the ceremony started at quarter to eight! I really hope they won't arrive too late." Mel grimaced, as if the worst occurrence imaginable was if her family arrived at the start of the ceremony. Harper beamed at her with fondness. She liked how Mel was overreactive to everything. Her ability to feel everything so viscerally was fascinating. "It'll be fine, dear. I'm sure there will be many latecomers." "When…are yours coming?" Mel asked tentatively, knowing Harper didn't like to speak or even think of her parents unless absolutely necessary. "I think Annie told them half-past," she said, rolling up the scroll. She didn't care if they were late; in fact, she was counting on it. The less time spent around them, the better. She wished this was simply a regular graduation ceremony, where they wouldn't come at all since neither she nor her sister Annie were finishing this year. "I've got to get packing," she said, standing up and stepping over the bench. "I haven't even started yet." Mel nodded and headed back to the Ravenclaw table as Harper left the Great Hall. On the way to the dungeons, she ran into a group of Slytherin boys: sixth-years Cygnus and Orion Black, flanked by their followers Icarus Yaxley, Sequitur Delmont, and Felix Murdoch, all of whom were fifth-years. The group's leader, Abraxas Malfoy, had preceded them to the Great Hall to catch a seat by the seventh-years. They all ignored Harper as expected except Murdoch, who grinned and winked at her. Not quite friends, he and Harper had collaborated a couple of years ago, so they had a general fondness of each other. Known as the King of Pranks, Murdoch's devilish, clever stunts and good looks excused his half-blood status. Once in her dormitory, Harper found only Druella Rosier, who was not packing but sitting at her desk in front of her silver-pated mirror, brushing her thick blonde hair. "Oh, Druella dear, Beryl is in the Great Hall waiting for you." The other placed her hairbrush daintily in her desk drawer, eyeing Harper out of the side of her grey-brown eyes. The two witches never quite knew how to interact, because Druella viewed Mel and Annie as competition even though she was wealthier than the two put together. However, since Harper herself didn't attract much attention, Druella knew it wasn't a point to being hostile toward her. "Thank you, dear." On precarious high heels, she tottered out of the dormitory. Beryl Fawley hadn't said a single thing about Druella Rosier, but neither of them were bright enough to question Harper's motive, which was to be in the dormitory alone with her book. She set the scroll on the desk, took a seat at the creaky, wooden chair, and pulled out a thick suede journal, another gift from the McCreadys a few years back. Flipping to the section marked B, she carefully unrolled the scroll, stuck the parchment against the seam, and pointed her wand at it. Tracing the seam with the tip, she muttered an incantation, watching as the edge of the parchment sewed itself in. This way was easier than carrying around the whole journal, and she didn't have to worry about allocating enough pages for each person. The journal was plain black, well-worn, and Harper's most prized possession. Although she'd charmed it to say something else if the book opened, she'd written on the first page: Behavior Analysis of Students and Faculty at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry © 1945 Harpalyke C. Messier After adding the page, Harper slid the journal back under her Potions textbook. She didn't want