[Well, my story got taken down, but I am re uploading it and this time I am following the rules. Unfortunately that means that a couple things about the story have changed, namely how the interviews and Chariot Rides would work, but I hope everyone can just enjoy the story as is!] District 1 4 hours before the reaping Rebekah Michaels wished there was a better way, or at least an easier way to tell her 10 year old brother she was volunteering this year. But as she stared into his eyes, she found herself stuttering. "What is it?" He asked, concerned. "Well, you know that I've been training for a while now." She said slowly. He nodded, but said nothing. "And you know that I eventually wanted to volunteer for the Games, that was the whole point of training." She continued. "So your volunteering this year." He said quietly. "Well, yeah. But I'm ready, the trainer said I was the best female tribute in class. This is what I've been training for everyday." She replied. They were both very quiet, and said nothing. "I'll be fine, Marvel." Said Rebekah, breaking the silence. "Do you promise?" Marvel replied, his eyes tearing up. "Nobody I know is a better shot with a bow then me." "Nobody?" "Nobody." "You still didn't promise." Said Marvel, crossing his arms. Rebekah laughed, "I promise I'll be fine. Are you happy now?" Marvel nodded, but she could tell he wasn't happy in the least. Marvel and she were very close, despite their age differences. Their father was the mayor, and although he tried his best, he rarely ever had time for the two of them, and their mother was just as busy. So growing up, they had been each others company, and they had become very close. But when Rebekah was chosen to train as a career, they found they had less and less time to spend together. So Rebekah would always sneak Marvel out with her, and he would watch the training, and then they would train together at night. She knew very well it was only a matter of time before he was chosen to train in the early classes of careers. Although she would be proud of him if he did get accepted, she'd be lying if she said that she'd be happy. Being a career had it's benefits of course. It commanded respect, and the group of careers had a certain camaraderie that she hadn't experienced with other school mates. She knew full well that Marvel would succeed in that kind of atmosphere. But part of her didn't want him to. He was such a kind boy, and she was afraid that being a career would change him. She had noticed that a lot of the careers had become cruel and bullies to the kids who weren't careers. She was worried what they would become in the arena, if seeing blood and death would unleash a whole new kind of monster. Not all of them were like that, but certainly she had a few she was worried about. She didn't want Marvel involved in all of this, and she wasn't sure why. District 1 viewed the Games so highly, and it was a great honor to even be chosen to volunteer. If you happened to win, then you were a hero until you died. She wanted all of this for herself, but not for Marvel. Not to say that she didn't want Marvel to be happy or successful, it's that she didn't want him to experience the Games. Unlike her other careers, she knew how bad the games could get. The televisions portrayed the Games in a noble and admirable light. But she knew the gritty and difficult truth. "What are you guys up to today?" Yelled a friendly voice. They both looked over to see Rebekah's friend, Ric. He was a skinny and tall boy, with floppy brown hair, and around the age of 16. Rebekah and he had always been friends, even after she had become a career. He was a pacifist, as he called it. Known to be very calm, and wise beyond his years. Rebekah was 17, and had long curly blonde hair. She however, although kind when she tried, had a short temper, and a wicked competitive nature.. Whereas he believed problems were solved through talking, she believed problems were solved through action. How they had become friends, neither could remember, but she was the Yin to his Yang, and was grateful for his friendship. "Not to much." She said quietly. "Rebekah's volunteering…" Noted a still angry Marvel. Ric seemed shocked for a second, but then his calm demeanor came back, "You hadn't told me this, Rebekah." He said, sadly. Rebekah hadn't told him for this very reason, seeing as he was a pacifist, he would never want her to do something like this. He would probably try to debate this, or beg and plead with her to change her mind. But no matter what he said, she would still volunteer. "Good luck, then." He said. Rebekah was shocked, he hadn't even tried once to convince her! Even worse, there was no remorse or even concern from him. Was he even worried for her at all? "Marvel, I brought you something." Ric said, and handed him a small leather ball. "What is it?" Marvel said, inspecting it. "It's something I made. Here watch this," Ric replied, taking the ball. Then he tossed it up in the air, and caught in on his foot. Then with a little dance, tossed it from his left foot to his right foot over and over. "The goal is to see how long you keep it going." He said, handing it back to Marvel. Marvel smiled and ran off holding his new toy. Rebekah was still angry at hurt at Ric, he should have at least been worried. After all, they had been friends since they were kids. "Care to go for a walk?" He said. Rebekah frowned, but agreed. As they walked they said nothing, and she was curious what the point of this walk was. Still Ric said nothing, but was leading her toward the edge of the fence. As they reached the fence, she couldn't hold it in any longer, "I'm going into the Games! Don't you even care a little bit?" She screamed. Ric sighed "Of course I do. More than anything, but I didn't want to show Marvel how worried I was. In his mind, you should be confident and obviously going to win. If I was worried for you, so would he." So that's what it was, Rebekah knew that he had to have cared. He was Ric, after all. "I suppose there is no way I could convince you to stay?" He said with pleading eyes. "I've made up my mind." She said. Ric rubbed his forehead, "It's beyond me why you don't want Marvel in the Games, but you could care less if you're in them." Rebekah hadn't thought about that, and her answer was the first thing that came to mind. "I suppose I don't care as much for my life as I do for his." "Are you crazy?" Said Ric, surprisingly getting angry. "What do you mean?" Asked Rebekah. "You have so many people that care about you. Nobody wants to see you do this." Ric replied, emotional. "You couldn't name one person besides Marvel and maybe my Dad that cares about me that much." She frowned. "Well," Stuttered Ric, "I do." Rebekah smiled, "Well of course, we're friends. Who else would you eat lunch with?" Ric shook his head, "It's more than that. Its-" Rebekah frowned, what was he getting at? She had never seen him this tongue tied. "I love you Rebekah." He said, almost shouting it. She didn't know what to say, but all she did was step foreword, and kiss him. The kiss lingered for a moment, and they both were comforted in each others embrace. "Now do you see why you have to stay?" He whispered softly in her ear. Everything changed when she said, "I can't." As she said this, Ric slowly stepped away. She could see the tears in his eyes, and she knew that she had hurt him more then anyone else ever had. He nodded, and he walked away. As he walked away, she wondered if she would ever see him again, and for the first time she was a child, she cried. Not for fear of the Games, or even or own life. But the prospect of not seeing Ric again, was all together to much to bear. District 1 4 Hours before the Reaping. Watching them infuriated Emerald Kyle. He hated everything about them, how they moved, how they talked, how they trained. He was staring at his fellow careers, and he knew he was well above them. Everything about them shouted amateur, to their slow swing of the sword, to even their stance. They all feared whenever he stepped into the sparring ring, because none of them stood a chance one on one against Emerald. But he had given up those things a year ago, he had decided that when he was 17, the trainers had taught him everything they could, and they were holding him back. Now that he was 18, he knew even the trainers feared him. He insisted this was to be the year he volunteered, and they agreed. Even though he required no more training, he came to watch the careers, and study their moves. He knew this sort of sloppiness and inexperience would be found in every district, and he wanted to study every aspect of it. He had never understood these things, he had been clean, thorough and successful since he was a child. He never made a mistake that he couldn't fix in a minute after making it, and he was damn proud of who he had become. His parents were never ones for this sort of things, they never wanted him to be a career. They died when he was ten. They never believed in him. They were holding him back. They deserved it. All thoughts that flurried around in Emeralds head everyday. The district had concluded that they both suffered from heart failure while having dinner with him on a cold winter night. People thought it was odd they both had heart attacks at the exact same, but eventually people forgot. Besides, they mayor himself announced that it was the only clear cause. But that look he gave Emerald that day, he had to have known. He knew that Emerald killed his own parents. Emerald was just learning the ins and outs of poison, and he had finally concluded that his parents were restricting his training. So, he poisoned their plates, and finished his meal while they lay dead on the table. He now knew why the mayor hadn't turned him in, its because the mayor saw his potential. He what Emerald would become, and he wanted him to represent the District during the Hunger Games. But things take time, and it was a long ploy. Recently, the Mayor had come up to him, and said, "This is your year, boy. All these years must have been worth it. Do your parents proud." He said, with a menacing undertone. As he said "parents" he had a coy smile that made Emerald realize he knew. Emerald was surprised by the first feeling he had. Guilt. How could he feel guilty? Emerald Kyle never felt guilt, because guilt was the byproduct of a mistake. Emerald Kyle never made mistakes. But for some reason, his heart fell to his stomach, and the smell of smoke on the mayors mouth made him uneasy. He said nothing, and the Mayor walked away. They mayor would have to pay for humiliating Emerald like this. But for now, he would focus on the Games. And focus he did.