"So," Estrella asked as she and her third client of the night lay in bed, her finger tracing circles on his chest. "What's your secret?" "Hmm," he slurred, his drunken mind struggling to think of a secret. "I heard that President Snow gives poison to his allies, but drinks it too so he wouldn't look suspicious. Then he'd drink an antidote; but, the poison left sores in his mouth. And that's why he smells like blood and roses." "Thanks for that," she whispered, not showing her shock, and pressed a kiss to his neck, leaving a bright red lipstick stain. She stood, pulling on her clothes, before vacating the apartment and walking down the street, wiping her lips as she lulled over the information she was just told. 'Snow poisons his allies? I can't say I'm surprised, they've been dropping like flies for years now.' "Home, Miss Oxley?" Her driver, Augustin, asked. 'Home?' she thought. 'District 10 is my home. Not this fucking place.' But didn't voice it, simply nodding to her driver, who quickly drove her back to her penthouse apartment. She sighed in relief as she pressed her thumb to the identification lock. The door swung open and a fat cat made its way towards her. "Hello, Horatio," she muttered, picking him up with ease. Her cat was a gift from last year's Head Gamemaker, Seneca Crane; who, in a desperate attempt to woo her, bought her all sorts of expensive gifts, such as heavy diamond rings and bouquets upon bouquets of mutated roses – all of which were promptly returned aside from the Tabby cat in her arms. The one thing he did give her, apart from the cat, which she appreciated, was a vast knowledge of how the Capitol worked. It was a brilliant arrangement; she learnt more secrets about the higher-ups from him than she had from the countless men and women who she had been sold to. And, being as intelligent as she is, knew that Seneca's sentimental streak would get him killed in the end, so saw no problem in stringing him along with false hopes of marriage and her affections – she was correct, in letting the Girl on Fire and Bread Boy survive, he signed his own death wish, resulting in his death a mere month after the 74th Hunger Games had ended and Plutarch Heavensbee to be made the new Head Gamemaker. Estrella, or Stella as she was known, had competed in Plutarch's first Hunger Games as a Gamemaker. Her Games, the 66th, are known for being the quickest, and bloodiest, in history – it is said that her Games are responsible for the first battle at the cornucopia being known as the 'bloodbath', because that's exactly what is was. The Capitol, of course, ate it all right up, and had adored her ever since. It's been eight years since she had brutalised twenty-two other tributes and their faces still haunted her. Estrella, like Annie Cresta, had watched her District partner get beheaded right in front of her – the two differences between them was that her District partner wasn't some random boy from her District; he was her brother, and Stella, like Annie, snapped, but instead of hiding away, she went on a murderous rampage and took down all of the other tributes with her knives, staining the ground red with blood. The games were over within ten minutes. She was fourteen. "Another day, another lay," she muttered as she took in the bruising on her thighs, so used to it that she didn't even wince when Horatio jumped into her lap. She sat down on her sofa as the TV came to life, the seal of Panem above the message 'MANDATORY VIEWING'. Her face involuntarily scrunched up as President Snow appeared on her screen and reached to turn it off but remembered that he was making the announcement for the Quarter Quell. Begrudgingly, she reclined and listened to the President of Panem speak. "Ladies and gentlemen, this is the 75th year of the Hunger Games. And it was written, in the charter of the Games, that every 25 years there would be a Quarter Quell, to keep fresh, for each new generation, the memory of those who died in uprising against the Capitol. Each Quarter Quell is distinguished by games of a special significance and now on this, the 75th Anniversary of the defeat of the rebellion, we celebrate the third Quarter Quell as a reminder that even the strongest cannot overcome the power of the Capitol on this, the third Quarter Quell games, the male and female tributes are to be reaped from the existing pool of victors in each district-" With a loud scream, Stella threw the glass of whiskey she had been drinking at the TV, breaking it. "NO!" She fell to her knees. "I'm not going back in there." Horatio, despite not understanding why she was crying, curled up into her once more, allowing her to sob into his fur. Three days later, she was back in District 10. "Welcome, welcome," the District's escort, Florence, said as cheerfully as she could, but no one could mistake the heartbroken crack her voice gave. "As we celebrate the 75th Anniversary, and third Quarter Quell, of the Hunger Games. As always, ladies first." Estrella waited with baited breath as Florence stuck her hand into the bowl, which contained only two slips of paper; one with her name on it and the other with Livia Mare, the winner of the 53rd Hunger Games, on it. "The female tribute, from District 10, is… Estrella Oxley." Florence's voice cracked and she hiccupped loudly. Stella fell into character and plastered a smirk on her face, strutting into position winking seductively at the camera and kissing Florence on the cheek. "Wonderful," a tear streaked down her green skin. "Now, for the men. The male tribute from District 10 is… Tom Bullion." The victor of the 22nd Hunger games stepped forward. Estrella let out a slight sigh of relief. 'At least it's someone who is about to kick the bucket,' she thought darkly as the man rolled forwards. Tom, despite being one of the nicest men she knew, wouldn't make it through this hunger games – he had just turned seventy and was in a wheelchair due to the fact that both of his legs were cut off in his games, he had a non-curable illness and was slowly dying. "Very well," Florence breathed sadly. "The tributes from District 10… Estrella Oxley and Tom Bullion." The people of District 10 cried silently as their beloved victors stood in front of them. Two peacekeepers came from behind her, pulling her towards the Justice Building. "Telly!" Her twelve year old sister cried, walking towards her, as did her parents. The peacekeepers stood in line, trying to restrain them. "Jenny!" She called, shoving the peacekeepers hands away from her, only for them to return. "Get away from her!" She screamed, roughly pushing a peacekeeper over and punching the other in the jaw. "STELLA!" Her father yelled as he was tackled by a peacekeeper. "DADDY!" She shouted as the peacekeeper hit her with an electrical current. "MOM! I get to say goodbye." "Change of plans," the peacekeeper she pushed hissed, yanking her towards the doors. "You're going straight to the train." "I LOVE YOU!" She screamed to her family as the doors slid shut. The train journey from District 10 to the Capitol took three, sometimes four, hours, as she gazed out of the window in her room a quiet whimper left her mouth as she realised that this could be the last time she ever saw her District, her family and her friends. Her head fell into her hands and she took a heaving breath once they entered District 5 territory. Estrella's head remained in her hands until the shrill ring of her phone broke her out of her reverie. Scrambling to her feet, she answered the phone: " hello ?" " Hello, Miss Oxley ," President Snow's voice came through the phone. " As you probably know, the Star-Crossed Lovers of District 12 will be competing in this year's Quarter Quell. " " I'm aware ," she said. " I knew that if the girl was going in, the boy was sure to follow. Quite sad isn't it? Unrequited love ." " Ah ," President Snow chuckled. " I'm glad we both see through the façade ." " I don't know many people who don't ," Estrella stated nonchalantly. " The girl is about as stiff as a Billy Goat. Boy's good, though ." " Indeed ," he agreed. " Anyways, to distract attention from the 'Lovers', you and Finnick Odair are to make a few tapes ." " Finnick ?" She laughed. " If the population found out I was with Finnick I'd lose half my cliental ." " That is why, during your stay in the Capitol before you enter the arena, you are to take joint clients ." President Snow told her. " And if I refuse ?" She asked him. " Then your entire family will have an ," he paused, " unfortunate accident. Do you agree ?" Estrella felt herself begin to shake. " Okay ." " Good ," he said. " May the odds be ever in your favour, I'm counting on you, Miss Oxley ." The line went dead. Her prep team surged forwards as soon as she set foot in her room in the Training Center, kissing both of her cheeks. "Stella!" Valentino grinned. Valentino had dyed green skin and silver tattoos that covered one side of his face. "I've missed you!" "I've missed you too," Cassia beamed. Cassia had bright pink hair cut in a short bob, never a hair out of place. "Well, I've missed you the most," The final member of her prep team, Emilie, boasted. Emilie had blue hair and skin, she was the leader of the trio. The comment caused an argument between them about who missed her most while they prepped her. As usual, Valentino did her waxing, Cassia did her hair and Emilie did her nails. The gossiped as they worked, asking for her input occasionally. "So," Cassia asked. "Do you think that Gloss is secretly sleeping with Cashmere?" She scoffed loudly. "I would bloody well hope not!" The team giggled as they finished their work. "You look perfect," Valentino said. "If I was into that you'd be straight in my basket." Estrella laughed loudly at his comment. "I love you, guys," she snorted. "Ah," Otto smiled when he walked in, the prep team taking this as their que to leave. "You are a vision, as per usual." "What've you got in mind this year then?" When Estrella walked into the room where all the other tributes waited, a silence fell over them. "Jo!" she shouted happily. "You look ridiculous." Johanna Mason, from District 7, scowled at her best friend. "Shut it, Oxley. You at least look okay, my fool of a stylist thought it was a good idea to dress me up as a tree." "A sexy tree," she teased. "Says you," Johanna scoffed. "Seriously, you're from the livestock District so they put you in a leather bikini?" "If you would call it that," Estrella grumbled. She didn't look bad, if that's what you're thinking. In fact, she looked gorgeous. Her golden hair was left to tumble naturally to her hips in thick ringlets and her makeup was dramatic. She was wearing a brown leather bikini top that only covered what it needed to, a matching waistcoat was fastened under her breasts, pushing them up, and a skirt that barely covered her ass and hung low on her hips. A, once again matching, Cowboy hat fixed onto her head. "I look stupid." "You look like a sexy cow," Johanna snorted. "Moo," she rolled her eyes. A hand rested on her arm, causing her to roll her eyes. "Hello, Finnick."