CHAPTER ONE the reaping When the sun ascended from behind the horizon and began to illuminate the sprawling green fields of District 10, Estrella Oxley was already well past awake and tending to the cows, the crack of her bull whip being the only sound aside from the buzz of the electrical fence and the occasional 'moo'. She'd woken up, washed her face, braided her hair, gotten dressed, eaten and left the cottage before her parents and siblings could even stir in their sleep. Many of the girls in the District called her crazy; she preferred the term hardworking . Granted, Estrella wasn't exactly your average fifteen-year-old girl. Estrella was the first child born to Colt and Belinda Oxley in the farming part of the District, the poorer part. Her family's farm was small, only five acres, and was bordered by the Bullion ranch and the large electrical fence that went around the entire District. Colt Oxley had come from a long line of farmers, the farm she grew up on being passed down from his great-great grandfather to his son during the Dark Days and then from his great grandfather to his grandfather, and so on until it came into his hands. He was extremely good looking, having the whole tall, dark and handsome down to a T – it was his good looks and wit that won over Belinda Collins. Estrella's mother was born in the richer half of the District to two scientists who worked on genetically modifying the DNA of the livestock. They were well off and more than a little bit snobby, so you can probably imagine the horror of Belinda's parents when she ran off with a poor farmer. From day one, Estrella's goal was to make money. Her goal was to make enough money to ensure that her family was never hungry again. "My little star, there are only three things I could ever wish from you," Estrella's mother used to tell her when she was a toddler, bouncing her daughter on her lap gently as the duo stared from the window, watching as Colt Oxley led the animals back into the stables. "What is it, Momma?" Little Estrella would eagerly question, turning her wide mint green eyes from the window and locking them with her mother's light blue ones. "I wish for you to look after your family," Estrella was hanging onto her mother's every word, her chubby little fingers twisted into the wispy hair of her grubby doll. "I wish for you to do your duty to your District, and I wish for you to live with honour in your actions." Estrella's blonde ringlets bounced as she nodded her head wildly, quietly murmuring to herself. "Family. Duty. Honour." Belinda Oxley grinned, wrinkles forming next to her eyes. "That's right, my star." Ever since then, those three words had been Estrella's life motto – they were constantly ringing in her head. Even as the blonde-haired girl cracked her whip in warning as one of the more tempestuous bullocks snorted angrily and began pawing the ground, her mother's words were echoing in her mind as she pondered about what to do with the particularly difficult cow. 'It would be best to just kill it,' Estrella thought, biting her lip as she tightened her grip on the bull whip, knowing that if she was going to take on an angry bull and survive, it would be her skill with a bull whip that protected her – even her father acknowledged his eldest daughter's proficiency with the weapon. 'The damn thing is causing more trouble than it's worth.' "That dang bullock has been giving me trouble for weeks." The harsh drawl of her father almost made her turn around, but knew better than to make any sharp movements. "You done gone pissed him off." "I didn't do nothin'." Estrella replied, keeping her eyes on the pacing bullock. "I say we put him down. It'd make life a hell of a lot easier for us and would be nicer on him. Poor things probably got something off in his membrane. Plus he'll make a good steak for a Capitolite tonight." She chuckled humourlessly. Colt Oxley looked pensive for a moment, his thick black beard had strands of grey and the lines next to his eyes seemed more noticeable in the hot morning sun. "I think you just might be right," he stated, lighting a crude homemade cigarette as he handed his daughter two sheathed throwing knives. "You can take this one, I'm gon' sort out the horses. Be careful 'cause it's fly season." And he was gone, a cloud of grey smoke in his wake. Estrella groaned loudly, forgetting momentarily about the furious bull that was staring her down until a loud 'moo' boomed throughout the holding pen. "Fuck," she muttered as the 1,400 pound bull began to run towards her. Rolling out of the way quickly, she stood and faced it, cracking her whip loudly as she looked for a way out. The bull attempted to run at her again, but this time the sound of a whip sliced through the air as it wrapped around the bull's horns, Estrella used its momentum against it and managed to swing onto its back using the whip as she had to hundreds of bulls before him. Jamming her elbow down with practiced precision onto the back of the bullock's neck, she clutched on with dear life as it frantically writhed in an attempt to stop the pain and throw her off. After what felt like hours, but it was probably only a couple minutes, the cow slumped over and hit the dusty ground. Jumping from the bullock's unmoving body, she checked for eye movement and reflexes to ensure that it was unconscious – it was. Unsheathing one of the blades quickly, Estrella didn't even blink as she inserted the sharp blade just above the breast bone, angled towards his head. Blood spurted from the long slice, and she made quick work of decapitating the bullock. Estrella smirked slightly as she remembered what her father had taught her about killing cattle. "Remember to cut off his balls , " he'd said as he watched the five-year-old Estrella unsurely go about the bull. "His balls?" Estrella's hands were covered with thick blood that spread to her hair when she used them to brush a curl behind her ear. "What are balls?" Colt Oxley guffawed loudly. "His knick-knacks." He smirked, popping his tongue twice as he made a gesture with his hands. "There," he pointed to them, and smiled proudly as she didn't hesitate and took them off with a single slice, much like she had now. Standing and re-sheathing the knife after cleansing it from the blood, Estrella pondered about what to do next. She knew better than to try to move it alone, but everyone, save her father, was fast asleep. Or so she thought until her mother's voice thundered across the field. "ESTRELLA! GET YOURSELF HERE NOW, OR, SO HELP ME GOD, I WILL WHOOP YOUR ASS!" Estrella's eyes widened and she removed the bloody apron she had haphazardly slung over her powder blue dress – her reaping dress. Dropping the knives, she flung open the paddock door, waiting to ensure it clicked behind her, and sprinted across the field towards the family cottage, where her mother was stood, blonde hair neatly tied into a low ponytail and a stormy frown on her face. "Morning, Mom." Belinda Oxley was, quite evidently, not in a good mood, and for a good reason too – today was the reaping, today was the day that two of her children could be stolen from her. "What have you been doing? That's your best dress and it's covered with blood!" "Had to put down one of the bullocks, he's been giving us problems for months. It's what's best for it." Estrella defended, a frown on her face. "Why couldn't your father do it?" Belinda scowled, the expression scarily similar to the one on her daughter's face. "'Cause it was my idea. The man who passes the sentence, should swing the sword." Estrella's face was set, her pride getting the best of her. "You're not a man." Her mother's fingers wrapped around her sun-browned skin and began dragging her upstairs to the master bedroom, muttering the entire time about 'stupid farmers' and 'goddamned cows'. A dark plum dress with three-quarter length sleeves was handed to her. "Put this on." Estrella undid the front-fastening buttons on the blood splattered dress and took it off, leaving her in the white bra and underwear she was given for her fifteenth birthday by her grandmother. Pulling the plum dress over her head, she stood and the skirt fell to her knees. The dress was pretty, Estrella decided after looking at herself in the cracked mirror her mother had propped up in the corner of the room, it was tight around the top, but flowed out to her knees loosely – the dress was probably one of her mother's old ones. "Thank you," Estrella smiled kindly at her mother, who seemed to loose a small amount of her tenseness. "Here," it returned as quickly as it left. Belinda moved and undid the pieces of thin leather that kept Estrella's thick locks in two French braids. Running her thin fingers through the golden strands, removing it from the plaits and undoing any tangles, Estrella's hair tumbled down to her hip bones in the same loose ringlets she was born with. "There." Belinda nodded approvingly. "Now, go and fetch your brother, you two can walk down to get checked in, and your father and I'll walk down later with Angus, Bucky and Jenny." Estrella didn't reply, she just left the room and knocked on the door of the room she shared with her eldest younger sibling. "Jackson?" A sniffle could be heard from inside. "Jackie? You okay?" She pushed open the door and frowned at what she saw. "Oh, Jack, don't cry," this was the twelve-year-old's first reaping and, sat in his best clothes with tears streaming down his face, to say that he was terrified was an understatement. She was across the small room in an instant, sitting down on the bed they shared and bringing him into a bone crushing hug. Young Jackson was trembling as he rested his head on his sister's bosom. "I'm so scared, Ellie. What if they pick me?" He whimpered. "They won't." Estrella forcefully stated, running a hand through his soft inky curls. "They won't pick you, okay?" "Do you piggy swear?" He lifted his head and locked eyes with his sister, the only difference between their eyes was that his were bloodshot and teary. She felt herself smile at the District children's way of making sure a promise was for real, and wrapped her larger pinky finger around her brother's smaller one. "Piggy swear." She released his finger and brushed his hair from his forehead, kissing it lightly. "Come on, we need to go or we'll be late." "Is that really a bad thing?" It took around an hour to walk from the farm to the centre of town. Their farm was on the outskirts of the District and unless they wanted to drive a tractor – that would probably break down – to town, they would have to walk very briskly to ensure they weren't late. Tardiness to reaping's wasn't tolerated and the person or persons in question would be whipped by peacekeepers – which was not something that Estrella Oxley wanted to start off her day with. When the duo arrived at the town centre, Estrella pushed away the urge to pull her hand from her brother's sweaty grasp and wipe it free from the moisture. They stopped at the back of one of the relatively short lines that lead to the long tables, where peacekeepers were pricking the fingers of the children and using blood to mark their fingerprints.