Bella never jumped off the cliff and the Cullens never returned. Bella had an ill fated encounter with Victoria and was turned. It has been 79 years and Bella decides to return to where it all started. How will her former vampire family react when they find out that she is alive...well sort of. Multiple POV/Flashbacks I own nothing. B/E, A/J, R/Em, C/Es 80 years Night has just fallen as I stand on a mountain cliff looking down on the small town of Forks. Even from this distance I can see not much has changed since I have been gone. Looking down again, my mind starts to drift over the past. It has been 80 year since he left, since they left me all alone. It has been 79 years since I was changed and forced to leave everything I loved behind. ~Flashback~ It has been 1 year since he left me...since they left me. I constantly felt hollow, empty with nothing to live for. Charlie tried, Renee tried, even Jake tried but I still felt nothing. It was a Saturday and Charlie had left early, mumbling out side my bed room door something about going fishing with Billy. Me, I was doing what I always did when I didn't have to go to school. I was going to sit in my rocking chair staring out my window and later I would send an email to Alice that I know she will never get. This was my life now. As I sat there staring out the window something happened that doesn't happen very often, the sun came bursting out of the clouds. Feeling the warmth on my skin reminded me of all the times we would sit in our meadow and how mesmerized I was the first time I saw Edw… his skin in the sun. All of a sudden I had a deep desire to find our meadow again. Maybe I will find some sort of peace in just being there. Getting up I throw on my jeans, my dark blue long sleeved shirt and my boots. I make my way down stairs and into the kitchen. Grabbing a few granola bars and a bottle of water, I shove them into my backpack and grab my coat as I head out the door. Once inside the cab of my ancient truck I start the engine and pull out of the driveway. Going off of memory, I head out of town to where the trail head to the meadow begins. After about a half hour of driving I finally find the trail head entrance. Surprising enough, the sun is still out. Once I park I throw on my jacket and my backpack and head out. The hike is just as long as I remember it being and just as I did the first time I fall several times along the way. Thankful that I decided to keep a small first aid kit in my backpack, I quickly bandage any open cuts I get from falling before continuing on. After about 2 hours; I took some time to rest and eat one of my granola bars, I can see the trees beginning to thin and open up near the meadow. Finally, I make it through the last of the trees and I am shocked by what I see. The meadow; our meadow, is now nothing more than a field of dead weeds and dirt. Everything is dead, the magic that this place once held is now gone, he took it with him when he left. Falling to my knees I hug myself and begin to sob. I sat there sobbing for several minutes until I heard a musical and yet almost evil laugh that caught my attention. Looking up in horror I see none other than Victoria standing on the other side of the meadow. Of course. Of course she would be here and me completely unprotected and defenseless. "Well, well what do we have here? It's the very same little human that I have been trying so hard to get my hands on. Tell me human are the Cullens around?" She said with a sarcastic tone. I know lying will do me no good, she could probably smell that they have not been around. So I tell her the truth, I truly just don't care anymore what happens to me. Without Edw... him or his family, I have lost my will to fight or live. "No, they are not" I say "Odd, I thought you were the pretty ones mate, why would he just leave you?" She says with a sneer. The hole in my chest opens up more. Holding back a sob I say "So did I, he didn't want me to become a vampire like him and his family. I guess I was not good enough. Doesn't matter anymore does it." "But it does. You see he killed my mate; James, and I think that it is only fair that I kill his mate. But since you are no longer his mate I guess I will just have to come up with a better punishment." Instinctively I start to back up and readying myself to run even though I know it will do me no good. But before I can go anywhere she is in front of me grabbing my arm with her bone crushing strength. I scream out in pain as I feel the bones in my arm shatter. Many broken bones and bruises later I am pleading with her to just kill me. She laughs and says "well where is the fun in that? You see I want him to suffer too. If I was to turn you; the thing he never wanted to do, he would suffer too" I beg her not to, an eternity with out him and having to leave Charlie, Renee and Jake without being able to say goodbye would be torture. My eyes go wide with fear of that idea and I plead with her "Please, please don't. Just kill me, please just kill me" "Oh, I think I will. Change you that is..." she says right before she sinks her teeth into my neck. Before I can hope that she will lose control and drain me, she pulls away and tosses me onto the cold hard ground. Almost instantly I can feel the venom coursing through my body. "Enjoy the next three days and an eternity of being alone" she says with a wicked grin as she disappears into the trees leaving me alone to burn in the fire of her venom. It is the most excruciating thing imaginable. It feels like my body is being dipped in acid, burned alive, ran over by a tank and all sorts of other horrible things. I scream until my voice goes hoarse, but I know no one can hear me this far out. Time losses all meaning while I burn. For all I know years could have passed. Suddenly the fire starts to retreat from my extremities as it starts to concentrate around my heart. My heart starts taking off like the wings of a humming bird, beating faster than it should. After a few minutes it starts skipping a few beats, then more and more. Then with a final thump it stops completely. Opening my eyes I just lay there and look at my surroundings. I can see and feel everything. It is the most amazing, unimaginable and unexplainable feeling in the world. Taking in a test breath I notice that I could smell so many wonderful smells and identify them as well. The sound of the wind as it blows through the tree branches is almost like music to my new ears. Listening closer I can hear various forest creatures scurrying around the forest floor. Taking in another deep breath I smell something wonderfully delicious, something that makes my mouth flood with venom and set my throat ablaze. Fresh, pulsating blood. Leaping off the ground in one swift moment (no more clumsy Bella, Emmett would have laughed at that) I start to run towards the delicious smell. I follow the scent to a sheer mountain cliff, Taking in another deep breath, I can tell that it is coming from somewhere near the top of the cliff side. Scaling up the rock face is nothing to me. Near the top of the cliff I come upon a large den carved into the stone face. I enter the cave and come face to face with a massive black bear. Letting my instincts take over I sink down into a fighting crouch. I snarling growl comes out of my mouth without me even realizing it as I prepare to lunge. The bear; rearing on its back legs it tries to take a swipe at me, but is easily knock down as I lunge at it. I easily knock it backwards and sink my teeth into its jugular vein. I can feel the warmth of the blood filling my body and relieving the burning itch in my throat. All too soon the bear in drained and I drop the carcass to the ground. Now that I have fed, my mind clears enough for me to process what has happen. I drop to my knees and began to sob tearlessly. I am not quite sure how long I sat there sobbing, but after a while I am able to calm myself. Thinking on what has happened and what I need to do I realize that I need to come up with a plan. First, I need to somehow fake my death so it will give Charlie, my mom and Jake some closure. Thinking on it I decide that I will run my truck off of the road and into one of the rivers, making it look like an accident. And the lack of a body will be easily explained because it would have washed down river. I have been out of it for 3 days now, I hope no one has discovered my truck yet or that plan goes out the window. Seeing this as priority, I gather myself up and head back to where I parked my truck. The run back to where I parked my truck was exhilarating and withing minutes I am approaching the parking lot. As I approach where my truck is parked I can hear multiple voices, one of them being my dad. SHIT! Holding my breath I run back to the Meadow. I am surprised that I had no issues being that close to humans, but file that into the back of my mind to think about later. I have more concerning things to deal with now, I still have to find a way to fake my death and quick. I know now that they found my truck and will be sending out search parties this way soon. I got it. I'll take the bear I killed earlier, smear my blood; that was still pooled in several places in the meadow, all over its paws and place a bunch on bloody paw prints all over the meadow. Leave some bloodied scraps of clothing and then dispose of the bears body. They will think I was killed by a bear and they will have closure. Once I am done with faking my death, I perch myself up on a high cliff and watch it play out just as I thought it would. It is heart wrenching to see my dad sob and cry out for me and know that I can not comfort him. But it is for the best. Now what do I do. I'm a vampire, I have no home, no money and no family. Suddenly I began to feel the soul crushing lonesomeness that Victoria wanted me to feel. It takes me a moment, but I am able to calm myself. Where is the newborn rage the Cull... they were always talking about? What do I do