1. Bleak Prognosis That morning Edward found himself in a darker mood than usual. He had spent the night learning Hebrew, and then proudly reading whatever Hebrew texts he could get a hold of. But his newfound familiarity with the ancient language had pierced him with unexpected sadness. Legends of a paradise he would never get to see, human and trivial temptations he would never have to face, evils that he could not read about with the intended abhorrence or fear, because he belonged with them…filled him with a self-disgust he was not used to feeling. Usually his attitude was characterized by an assured self-confidence. There was very little that had ever presented a real challenge to Edward, and very little that he did not do well. His gentlemanly mannerisms were perfectly cultivated, his intelligence and athleticism were unparalleled even by his brothers and sisters, and the self-discipline with which he approached every project he undertook was faultless. He had good reasons to view himself with pride and satisfaction. The only event where he ever really regretted the way he handled the situation had occurred long ago. Remembering the mouth-watering, satiating, inescapably delectable taste of so much warm human blood, as sharply as if it he had just tasted it, stabbed him with a fiercer self-loathing. Thou shalt not kill. The words had been inscribed in faded and intricate lettering on the page before him last night, in the language of wise and good men whose souls had been touched by sacred inspiration – damning him to Hell. Edward had crumpled the page into a miniscule ball in his fist, crushing it easily into pulp as the hatred washed over him. He did not have a soul. Eventually, his disgust had faded into something worse. Helplessness. Edward was even less accustomed to this emotion. There were not many situations that rendered him powerless, and not many times that he allowed himself to wallow in reflections that would ultimately bring self-pity. Edward shied away from weakness in himself; it was one of the qualities Esme was most proud of in him. But it had swept over him last night, consuming him. He had stared bitterly at his translation of the Bible and its promises of eternal happiness, and envisioned his own eternity with dull dreariness. He would never be at a loss for things to do. Every day ideas for new projects presented themselves, projects that he took on eagerly. He loved to learn, loved to apply himself, and each time a human published a new discovery or invention he enthusiastically immersed himself in its study. The monotony of his daily life was more than compensated for by the thrilling challenges he tackled by night. It was the lack of… meaning …that flooded him with dull misery. His life was completely devoid of substantiality, of function, of goodness. The Hebrew words surrounded him, preaching a life of holiness and reverence that was impossible for him. Because he wasn't good . He was a monster. The anger returned and he tore another page out of his book, shredding it angrily into tiny pieces in under a millisecond. He was the evil that every holy book he studied warned against. No matter what disciplinary, self-denying choices he made, he could never be anything but a monster on Earth. He could learn everything that could possibly be learned, compose music, study languages, win at games…but none of it would provide his cursed life with meaning. And this dreary prognosis was what Edward was helpless against. He could not, like Carlisle, commit himself to medicine – no hospital in the world would allow a seventeen-year old to practice. At least, that was what Edward told himself. But in the corner of his mind was a humbling seed of self-doubt. He was very, very good at controlling his thirst, but could he really be so near the smell of human blood without yielding to his less commendable instincts and feeding? It was different for Carlisle. He had never tasted – could not imagine – the pleasure and satisfaction that drinking human blood brought. Carlisle's compassion had shielded him from that knowledge. The bliss was, of course, short-lived; shame, guilt, horror all inevitably followed – at least for Edward, who, despite being a monster, had a strong sense of right and wrong. But still, at the time…practicing medicine was unequivocally out of the question. He could not endanger innocent humans like that. What, then? What could shake him out of the dullness that characterized every day of his existence? For Carlisle, it was medicine. For Esme, it was her family. She was a mother by nature, and her greatest comfort was in nurturing and guiding her adopted children. Edward often found himself manufacturing a smile on his face for her sake – he would rather do anything than give his sweet, affectionate mother any sort of pain. For his adopted siblings, it was each other. Rosalie and Emmett were passionately in love; Edward could read the desperation for each other in their body language as well as in their minds. It was a lustful, feverish, consuming flame. That sort of intensity of emotion would be incomprehensible to Edward, had he not been able to understand it through their thoughts. He rarely ever did, though. It was an invasion of their privacy, and he prided himself on being honorable. Alice and Jasper's adoration for one another was calmer, but deeper. Stranger. They were sure of their bind, confident that their lives belonged to one another. Their minds were strangely attuned, connected; they always had each other in their thoughts, whether consciously or not. It didn't work that way for Edward. He thought about Tanya's advances from two years ago. How she had teased him for being so serious and had told jokes that increased in vulgarity and bawdiness as they got to know each other better in her endeavors to get him to laugh more. How she had announced, flirtatiously mocking, that she played violin better than he played piano, and then performed for him with, it was true, impressive musicianship and skill. How she had challenged him to races in the field at night and pouted coyly if he didn't let her win. How she had worn low-cut and flattering dresses and hoped fervently that he would compliment her, hoped fervently he would take the bait…Edward suddenly felt embarrassed as he remembered her vision of him tearing her clothes off in a fit of passionate desire. He wished she had been more careful with her thoughts around him. Tanya was lively, spirited, full of fun, and extremely cocky… as cocky as Edward , he remembered Esme thinking. And beautiful. There was no doubt at all that she was beautiful. She was young, had a model figure, and her strawberry blonde hair sparkled in the sunlight. She was confidently aware that she was stunning, even for a vampire, and as confident that if nothing else, she could tempt Edward's lust. Carlisle and Esme had been ecstatic to watch Tanya's attentions to their only single son, hoping that he had finally found a partner like the other members of their family had found. In fact, both families had thought Tanya was perfect for him. Even Tanya herself had thought so. He's lucky to have found me , she had thought. He needs me desperately, to bring some life to his eyes. So Edward had tried to spend time with her, eager to please Esme and curious as to whether he might experience the emotions that he had read about, not only in books, but in the minds of his family members. But it hadn't taken long before he realized that Tanya inspired none of those emotions in him. In the time he spent with her he was simply playing a part, reciting the courtly expressions that he knew she hoped to hear, performing blankly the motions with which a well-raised gentleman ought to treat a young lady. Her brazen and unladylike advances only made him uncomfortable. His interest and curiosity in her quickly waned, and as for lust – Edward remembered nothing of his biological parents, but he supposed they must have brought him up very respectably, for the idea of succumbing to Tanya's temptations without any emotional attachment seemed unforgivably despicable. Tanya had been thrilled at first by the time they spent together, believing him to return her attentions. When he read this misconception in her mind, however, he had realized that it was time to put an end to her fantasies, vivid as he could see they were. He had spoken to a disappointed Carlisle. They were already concerned about the uneasiness that their number aroused in the townspeople. Edward did not feel any pangs about leaving Denali, Alaska. He was used to the continuous moving and starting over and, to be honest with himself – as inexcusably rude as the thought was – he was tired of Tanya. Edward's memory flashed back to that day in Denali, Alaska. He had asked Tanya to accompany him for a walk, making sure to keep his tone polite and distant. She had assented readily, not hearing the careful courteousness in his voice. Tanya was not particularly perceptive. "Mrs. Skinner and Mrs. Pastely are thinking about taking their children out of public school and putting them into a private high school," he had informed her, watching as she gracefully climbed a tree to pluck a white blossom, and then danced down it again before he had finished his sentence. She tucked the flower behind her ear with overdone casualness. He tried to ignore what he could hear in her mind: hopes that he would be touched by her sudden affinity for nature. "Eddie, please don't start boring me with small-town gossip. Who cares where the Skinny and Pasty kids go to school? Hey, guess what? I've been thinking about whether I could write my own violin composition. I've been playing for longer than some of the composers I admire, after all. Do you think I'm good enough?" she had asked enticingly, fishing for a compliment. "You are more than talented enough to write your own music," Edward had smiled automatically, used to her antics. She was satisfied. "And unfortunately, we do have to care where the Skinner and Pastely children attend school. Their mothers are moving them because of us ." They leapt over a narrow river in unison, landing nimbly on the other side and continuing their walk. "What do you mean, because of us?" He heard her thoughts and sighed at her only mild curiosity. She was unwilling to continue a conversation that did not involve their relationship. "I heard them thinking today as they picked Morgan and David up from school. Each was feeling suspicious about the nine pale-faced students who never fail to rank highest in their classes. It makes them uncomfortable. They think something dishonest is going on – they think their children are being cheated out of high placement. But more than that, they are worried about their children having continuous exposure to us. We frighten them." Tanya did not answer out loud, but her mind had been indifferent. They don't know what we are , she had thought dismissively. She began a series of gymnastics moves, flipping and twirling herself through the dense clusters of trees – showing off for him. "But we frighten them nevertheless, Tanya. All of us, living together, isolating ourselves from the other humans, all inhumanly intelligent and beautiful and alien. I heard their thoughts. They plan to speak to other mothers about us. They may even talk to the principal, which we cannot have. There are just too many of us not to attract attention and concern." Tanya was on the other side of a cluster of trees, having landed there after a round of cartwheels, but listening reluctantly. She ran back nimbly and was at his side