The Shouting Match Disclaimer: I do not own the encompassing Harry Potter fandom, all rights and ownership belong to J.K. Rowling. I do however own the OC and accompanying alternative plot points. For clarification of ownership I am available for comment when needed. Authors Notes: The story will begin by switching back and forth between the two main characters, that being Harry and an OC of my creation by the name of 'Rynno'. For your ease of understanding the POV's are not in sync to begin with, but rather show the lead up to their events colliding. Neither one, is the intended main character in this Rynno and Harry are both the stars of the show. Expect a slow start. Sometimes things end with a scream, sometimes they start with one and sometimes they are fixed by one. – R S Blackwood ==========HP:TSM========== "God damn it father! Why won't you listen to me?!" The face of the young man speaking was contorted with varied emotions, ranging from rage to betrayal. "Because you're just being childish, and as long as you act like one, then I'll treat you like one," came the calm and commanding reply from the father in question, his voice a deep baritone, which matched his stoic and rough demeanor. His dark sunken eyes staring down his sons' emotional tirade. "That's a load of bull! The only one being childish here is you, getting petty revenge over something you encouraged me to do in the first place!" "THAT IS IT! I HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF YOUR DISRESPECT!" With that declaration, the larger man stood up from his throne like seat and the temperature in the room dropped almost 10 degrees instantly. "I am your father and you will do as I say. If I say that you're going to Scotland, then you're going to Scotland." "If you force this, then I promise you this father, I will never talk to you again, 'til the day you die." If possible, the response from the man's son made the room even colder. In fact a nearby goblet of water glazed over instantly with a thin sheet of frost, the ice cold fog coming from the container seeping over the edge and creeping along the tables' surface. "That is a risk I am willing to take." "Here is another promise father, for doing this to me, I will never live with you ever again. Before you never hear my voice again, tell me, why Scotland?" "You will be attending a school for magical children. You will learn to control your powers or you will not be allowed back." Despite his desire for more information, the youngster named Rynno, turned away from facing his father and towards the doorway, an icy frown upon his face. Without giving his lone parent another chance to say anything else, the brown haired boy stormed out of the room. After almost a full minute of silence, a gentleman much older than the boys' father appeared out of thin air with an audible popping noise, the grey haired and bearded man had his beard tucked into a belt holding his blue robe around his frail body. His eyes looking sadly towards the doorway through half-moon spectacles. "I have done as you wanted, but it would seem I was correct. He has promised never to speak to me again until I am dead. And further promised never to return home again. The Oakren family has lost its only living heir, and I have lost my son. I hope you pull through on your side of the contract Albus." "I am sorry that the two of you have had a falling out over this, but alas he is still young and I am sure he will change his mind and come around." "You know not of what you speak. For all his temper, righteously directed as it is, he is loyal. You forced me into betraying him, and he will not forgive me. As far as his promise goes, he keeps his promises even more so than you would keep a wizard oath. He would rather die." "But unlike an oath, he will not. That is for another discussion. Alas I assure you I will keep my side of the deal, as long as young master Oakren turns up as per the instructions." "My son will turn up, as per the agreement. Like I told my son, if I say so, he will go. My son will attend your Hogwarts. I merely hope your school can handle him." ==========HP:TSM========== With a slam Rynno's bedroom door burst open, smacking the wall behind the door hard enough to leave an imprint of his door handle in the plaster. "God damn him, first we have to move because of his job, then we have to move because of the divorce, then Annette's injury and now he's just trying to get rid me. Why didn't mum take me when her when she left him?" With a flick of his wrist, a trick he had developed on accident a long time ago from when he was seven, his door handle unstuck itself from its hole in the wall and the door slammed itself shut. At first, when he had originally noticed this ability, it was only when he was really angry. Sometimes he even caused his door to slam open or closed on its' own, once a picture framed upon the wall had cracked and went hurtling down the corridor. His most explosive outburst being one time, whilst being admonished by his father, he had caused his father's nearby bottle of wine to shatter and explode into pieces. After a while he found if he concentrated to the point of giving himself a pounding headache he could do it at will. Later still just before his tenth birthday, he found that if he concentrated and visualized moving things with his mind, he could get the same affect with a swish or flick of his wrist. The power still made him very tired, but when he was pumped full of adrenalin anyway, he knew sleep would claim him soon so gave into his tantrum. This particular time the entire house shook for a brief moment, the drain of the power was intense but Rynno's anger dissipated just as quickly as the shaking. Once all was finished, the brown haired young male stumbled to his bed, sat down and proceeded to rub his head. Wasn't long after the outburst that he felt so tired he fell asleep atop his covers. ==========HP:TSM========== Whilst the brown haired young master succumbed to his exhaustion, far away in Scotland another young boy slumbered, however the black haired young wizard was just waking up. After a few moments in silence, he opened his eyes only to find a blinding white light. Almost immediately after reaching his arm up to cover his eyes from the harmful rays, a shadow appeared and he found himself looking upwards and into the half-moon spectacles of Albus Dumbledore. "Good afternoon Harry," came the voice of the smiling headmaster. For almost two whole minutes, Harry stared at the man above him until the memories of what happened came rushing back, causing him to bolt upright into a sitting position. "Quirrell! The stone! Sir it was Quirrell, he was after the stone! No that's not right, it was Voldemort, what I mean to say is that Quirrell is Voldemort, they're the same person!" The bearded man staring down at the distraught young wizard smiled and attempted to calm the boy down with a placating hand gesture, but Harry was too worked up by what had happened. "Sir you don't understand, he must have taken the stone from me, you must sto-" Seeing no other alternative, Dumbledore raised his hand and whispered a few words, causing the rest of the words coming from Harry's mouth to become silent, whilst the other bustling noises from the room continued. "Dear boy you must calm down, or else Madam Pomfrey will have me leave and I won't get the chance to explain." Seeing Harry close his mouth with a frown across his face at having been silenced, the elderly wizard cancelled the silencing charm and smiled. "You'll be pleased to know, Quirrell does not have the stone." Harry barely left the Professor a moment to breathe before he asked the next question on his mind. "What about Voldemort does he?" "Now Harry, please take a moment to calm down and I will explain fully." Taking a few slow breaths Harry glances around the room whilst he was waiting for Dumbledore to finally talk and he realized right away he was in the hospital wing, the white linen sheets and curtains around familiar from all of his trips here after Quidditch. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed a table overflowing with candy, including but not limited to; Bertie Botts every flavor bean, liquorice wands and a few chocolate frogs, some wrappers already open. Most likely his red headed friend in particular, ' Ron's definitely been here to visit' . "Tokens from your friends and admirers," came an explanation from Dumbledore. "What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your friends' mssr's Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to send you a lavatory seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam Pomfrey however felt it might not be very hygienic and confiscated it." Asking the first question that popped into the young boys head he looked up at the Professor with a worried look upon his face. "How long have I been in here?" "Three days," the bearded wizard gave Harry a moment to let the severity sink in before saying, "Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried." "I'm happy they're ok, but what about the stone, sir-" "I see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the stone. Professor Quirrell did not manage to take it from you. I arrived in time to prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say." "You got there? You got Hermione's owl?" "We crossed in mid-air. No sooner had I made it halfway to London that it became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just left. I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you. " "It was you?" "I feared I might have been too late." "You nearly were, I couldn't have kept him off the stone any longer-" "You misunderstand me Harry; I mean I feared it might have been too late to save you. By the time I arrived Quirrell had already disintegrated and turned into dust. The effort involved for you it seemed nearly killed you. For a terrible moment, I thought it had. As for the stone, after a discussion with Nicolas Flamel, we both agreed to have it destroyed." "Destroyed, but doesn't that mean he and his wife will die?" "Yes Harry, that is correct, however you have no need to worry, the Flamels have enough elixir stored to set their affairs in order, and then, yes, they will die." Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on young Harry's face. "To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very very long day. Alas to the well organized mind, death is but the next great adventure..." For a moment, the two sat in relative silence, the only noise in the ward coming from the medi-witch bustling around in the background. "Sir," Harry started, "I've been thinking, even with the stone gone, Voldemort, won't stop will he? I mean, he's going to try and find another way of coming back? Or is he gone for good?"