Remus was hunting. Disguised in a damn muggle bar of all places. His sandy brown was hair gone, and was exchanged for slicked back black tresses. He had added 40lbs to his usually gaunt frame. His scars, evidence of his condition were hidden as well. He had worn dark blue jeans and a white button down, with black loafers that completed the simple look. Only the small manic gleam in is golden eyes gave any hint that something was amiss. He had waited for this moment for well over a decade. The need to bring hell down upon the ones responsible for the death of one of his best friends, and his wife was strong in his soul. Remus was always sure they had it wrong at first. The Sirius that he had known and at one time thought he had been in love with would not do such a despicable thing as betray the Potters... could he? And at the end of his year teaching DADA, he knew the truth. Now traitor was about to be brought to justice. The wolf in Remus was screaming for the other man's blood. He had destroyed his pack, and for that there was no forgiveness. The law be damned! The wizard in Remus knew that with an alive Pettigrew, some of the terrible events of the past could begin to heal. He would have some of his family back. His pack. Sirius and Harry. Harry. Remus knew the look of an abused child. He had traveled extensively in his never ending search for employment. He has seen the horrors that humanity can bestow upon each other. However, those were not the first times he had been exposed to child abuse personally. The first time had been in fourth year... with Sirius. ~FLASHBACK~ "Dammit James! I'm telling you something is not right! We come back from break and he is limping, and damn near cries when we pat him on the back!" Remus yelled "I don't see any limp Remus. What are you on about? I mean I saw him wince on the train when you clapped him on the back and asked about his holiday. But maybe he was just sore from playing quidditch or something." James offered. "No I'm telling you he's hiding something. You see the clothes he's wearing. That isn't Sirius!" Remus shook his head as his shaggy hair whipped side to side. He was not ready for them to know about his furry problem yet. He could smell distress, sorrow and pain. Even when someone was trying to disguise it. "Look. Pete got detention with McGonagall...again. I swear! How do you get detention the first night back...never mind. Look let's just ask him before Pete gets back. You know how he is with the important stuff." Remus decided with a roll of his eye. Remus had called out a hey as Sirius made his way into the room and was grabbing what he needed to take a shower. Remus threw down the magazine he was fake reading, and walked over to his friend. "Sirius look at me. What happened to you? You have been jumpy, and quiet and...good Merlin what are you wearing? You look like a nun with all those long sleeves on in the dorms. The rest of your non school wardrobe is insanely dull. Coming from me that is saying something. You've changed Padfoot. What the bloody hell is going on?" Remus asked as he saw James walk next to him. "It's nothing alright just...a game got out of hand." Sirius resumed his walk to the shower. He didn't get very far. "You are one of my best friends. Please. If something is wrong, then please tell us. We won't judge you. Maybe we can help." James said quietly. Sirius sighed. "Look it's no big deal OK. My parents...they just...they get mad sometimes. I'm not the greatest son and..." He trailed off. "Sirius. Do they...beat you? Remus asked cautiously. Sirius nodded sadly. "Sometimes Remmy. But I can handle it. My father is 'Just trying to make a man out of me even more since I became a Gryffindor'. Don't bother with a Professor. They won't believe me. I've tried. My father already sends them a letter regularly about how I love to test quidditch tricks on holiday. What Orion Black says is law I'm afraid." Sirius hung his head slightly and went to walk away. "Well Siri. I could use my cloak to nick some pain potions from old Sluggy. We'll get you right as rain!" James exclaimed. "And I'm a dab hand at healing spells if I do say so myself. One crack about me being a swot, and I will turn your eyebrows green you git." Remus winked at him as he began to heal the extensive injuries. Sirius knew Remus and James were trying to save him as much dignity as they could. He didn't want their pity. He thanked whatever deity there was that he had managed to land the best friends on earth. ~End flashback~ Even now the mere thought of Harry sets the wolf on edge. Children are protected in a healthy pack. The concept of abuse on a child was foreign. On the occasion that it did happen, the abuser was dealt with swiftly...and painfully brutal. Nasty business that was. He was quietly sipping a beer and watching his prey discreetly. Peter had not changed one bit, the fat, cowardly bastard. He was currently attempting, and failing miserably to chat up a pretty young woman. He was never any good at chatting up the ladies. Remus finished his beer, threw some muggle money on the table, and headed for the door, as he watched Peter settle his tab and head for the loo. He stood outside pretending to smoke a cigarette. He hated these fucking things. They smelled and tasted awful. He watched as Peter walked out and made his way through the crowd. Remus had no problem keeping an eye on the idiot as he put out his cigarette. Werewolf senses tend to be amazing that way. Consequently Remus could follow him with ease. Peter turned down an alley way and that was all the opening Remus needed. "Hello old friend?" Remus spat as he snatched Peter by the throat and pushed him against a wall. Peter drew his wand but was far slower than the disarming and binding spell Remus sent at him. Remus stood over Pettigrew and dropped the glamours. Peter's eyes went comically wide. Remus grabbed onto Peter and quickly portkeyed out of the alley and to a cottage in the north that he had been using as a base of operations, with Peter in tow. Once inside the cottage, Remus stunned Peter again for good measure and a chuckle. Then he used a spell to turn Peter into his animagus form. He then bound the little beast in that form and placed him in a magically bound cage so that he could not escape. He then put the cage in his bedroom and locked and warded the doors and windows with some of the strongest wards that he knew. Once that was done, he promptly went to the cupboard he kept the liquor in and grabbed a bottle of rum. He never did quite get the excitement around firewhiskey. It tasted like shit to him, but to each his own he supposed. Remus skipped the glass and drank straight from the bottle. He went into the small sitting room and took out a wizarding picture of his old friends. A smiling Lily holding Harry. James, Sirius, and Remus standing around her laughing. He had always wondered why Peter had turned down an invitation to dinner that night. It was the first time they all had the same time to get together. Now he knew the truth about their so called best friend. It still shamed Remus that he thought that Sirius was guilty. He should have known. They were best friends! He was never that close with Peter. Sure he loved Peter like a brother but he was always closest to Sirius. They had even been lovers when they were younger. They ended it mutually when they realized they would only be the best of friends, and more importantly family. Remus didn't regret the few times he shared a bed with Sirius, but truth be told he and Sirius were only meant to be friends and Moony agreed completely. He looked at the pictures of his old friends again. He would make things right; or at least try to help to make things right. He owed it to his friends, and to Harry. Dumbledore had convinced him all those years ago that it was best for Remus to remain in the shadows. That Harry was happy and safe where he was. But no longer could Remus turn a blind eye to the truth, by blindly following Dumbledore. Sirius would not last much longer. His spirit was so broken, having to stay in a house he hates so much. He offered to bring him here, but Dumbledore said it was for the best. Dumbledore. He could not help this gnawing feeling in his gut that Dumbledore was not always right. He felt the man had no evil intentions, but things just were not as simple as 'The Greater good'. But that is a problem for another day. For now he had the rat, and his last remaining best friend would get the help that he needed. Sirius put up a good façade, but the wolf could tell that the years locked away like an animal, the escape and subsequent life on the run was taking a toll on the once stoic, boisterous, and slightly arrogant man his friend had once been. His protective if not slight possessiveness of Harry had always been there. Even when Harry was a baby. James used to joke that Sirius was a little crazy when it came to protecting Harry. His friend was still wracked with guilt about his actions that night. He had handed Harry over to Hagrid to go and chase the rat bastard and more than likely kill him, Remus thought truthfully. He had been careless and it had cost him his freedom and had cost Harry the chance at a happy home. Harry. Remus had his suspicions about Harry's home life. Harry was timid at times and lashed out at other times. He wore glamours when he thought no one was watching. What was he hiding? His wolf tended to be restless when he was near Harry. The wolf knew something was wrong with his cub. He had this constant need to protect more than normal. The human that was Remus believed what he was told by the headmaster. Harry was safe, loved as well, but the man and beast could not reconcile what they were both seeing. Harry was entirely too small to have come from a tall father and a taller than average mother. It could be a latent trait as Albus had suggested, but at the Welcoming feast in Harrys third year Remus had watched him. Harry had barely ate from his plate before he looked almost ill. It made no sense. The truth was staring him in the face, but to be honest he knew no one would believe him. He was a werewolf after all, and if he made a complaint he would be lucky to leave the Ministry alive. Not to mention Harry being targeted on multiple fronts to make his life an even worse hell. And then the farce that was the tournament that the cub had to participate in. He could've died! He nearly did, but the spirits of Cedric and his parents gave him the diversion that was needed to get away. Harry was emotionaly crushed. His spirit was so broken that it made Sirius and Remus' heart break into a million pieces. Sirius needed to