Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games. All rights belong to Suzanne Collins. I watch the red and yellow dance of the flames in front of me as the sound of the crackling wood is my only comfort. I move my feet away from the fire and pull my knees to my chest as I wrap my arms around them. We've been camped out just beyond the city limits of the Capitol since an unexpected pod detonated and took the lives of Leeg 2 and Messalla. After hearing of the attack, Plutarch contacted Boggs immediately to see who was still alive; no doubt for his precious propos. Haymitch spoke to me personally and informed me that we were to lay low for a few days to give the Peacekeepers time to let their guard down. That was three days ago. Of course, Plutarch also spoke to Cressida and told her to keep up with the propos and to get shots of Peeta and I. Have us hugging each other and saying that we were so worried that we had lost the other, or something pathetic like that. That's the last thing I want to do. It's not that I wasn't worried about Peeta but acting it out would be too painful because I know it wouldn't be sincere on his part and that he wishes otherwise. I look around and watch the surviving members of Squad 451. Boggs, Homes, Jackson, and Gale are examining a map and pointing at different entry routes into the Capitol. Finnick is tying knots with his rope. Mitchell is cleaning his gun. Castor and Pollux are sharing a ration of bread. And Leeg 1 and Cressida retired to their tents early, no doubt to mourn their losses in private. Oh, and there's Peeta but I can't bring myself to look at him. The thought of having to add Leeg 2 and Messalla to my list of "people who died because of me" makes me feel too sick to eat and I'm not one to make small talk so I focus my attention back on the fire and do what I do best; stare into nothing and get lost in my own thoughts. I'm not sure how much time passes but when the flames become too bright for me eyes, I look away and notice that everybody has left and entered their tents. Well, not everybody. Peeta still sits beside the dying fire. I allow myself to finally look at him. His dark eyes are fixated on the flames but I can tell his mind is elsewhere. I know it's not safe to be alone with him but this is the closest I can get to actually being with him, so I stay. My own thoughts become my worse enemy as I open the doors of my mind and allow myself to think of Peeta. How different would things have been if I had never left his side that last fateful night of the Quarter Quell? What could I have done differently? Could I have saved him from Snow? Could I have prevented his hi-jacking? Would our reunion have been filled with sweet kisses instead of choking sobs? Would he still love me? Would I have still realized that I love him ? There's no point in torturing myself with made up fantasies. No matter how many "what-if's" I think of, it doesn't change what has happened. What's done is done. This is my new reality. He is my reality. And there's nothing I can do to change that. My Peeta is gone. His once gentle touches and comforting words are now killing strikes and cruel tongue-lashings. His bright blue eyes that gave me hope have been replaced with black orbs that confirm my worse fears. The boy who saw me as the most perfect thing in the world now sees me as nothing more than a mutt. And maybe I am. Maybe this is my punishment. This is what I deserve for taking him and his love for granted. This is what I deserve for playing with his emotions and using them for my own personal advantage and survival. This is what I deserve for kissing Gale behind his back. My punishment is losing Peeta forever, for the person in front of me is no longer him. Sure, he looks and sounds like Peeta but it's just his shell. He's not even deserving to be called by his name. The Peeta I knew died that night in the Quarter Quell. The person currently in front of me is nothing more than one of Snow's Capitol-created puppets. My Capitol-created punishment. I hear the sound of a twig break and am immediately on my feet with my bow in hand. I look around for Peacekeepers and notice that Peeta is no longer sitting. I quickly raise and aim my bow at him, ready for his attack. He just stands in front of the fire with his hands in his pockets, without looking at me, he simply states, "Don't worry sweetheart I'm not going to jump you, I just stood up so I could stretch my legs." I slowly lower my bow as he looks my way and chuckles a dismissive laugh, "Not that your bow would do much damage anyway." I feel irritation and anger boil through me but decide not to give in to his bait so I start walking towards my tent. "I'm going to bed." I'm sure to add at least a bit of anger to my tone. "Wait. I'm sorry." I feel him tug on my arm and I quickly turn around. His touch isn't dangerous but rather cautious. I look up at his face and notice that his eyes are no longer black but rather a dark blue. Still not my blue but its better than nothing. I shrug off his grasp, "What do you want?" "I was wondering if you could play a game of Real or Not Real with me? The Squad has tried their best to answer my questions but are only able to answer the simple or obvious ones. The more difficult and important ones can only be answered by one person." Me. He wants to know about the dynamics of our relationship. Are we lovers? Are we fighters? The truth is, were both; we love each other so we fight for each other. The thought of being in love with Peeta is something that I've buried into the creases of my mind since learning of his hi-jacking. Knowing that I love him but he no longer loves me was just too much for my aching heart to handle so it was easier to try to ignore it and a least put a temporary band-aid on my already broken heart. This isn't something that I'm ready to talk about with him but his request is so innocent that I can't just walk away. "Okay, I'll answer what I can." His shoulders relax, "I really am sorry. My mouth moves faster than my thoughts." I see him make a contorted face at his own comment when he quickly looks at me and adds, "Not that that was what I was thinking, its just...well my brain is...its confused and..." He lets out a frustrated sigh. "It's complicated." I can't help but smile to myself. I take a seat in front of the fire and motion for him to join me. He adds a few more pieces of wood to the fire before he sits. It's silent for a while and I'm not sure who's suppose to prompt the questions but I decide to wait on him, he'll speak up when he's ready. He begins with easy questions. "You and I are from District 12, real or not real?" "Real. I'm from the Seam and you're from the merchant area. "You used to hunt and trade illegally, real or not real?" "Real. I would trade my squirrels with your father at the bakery." "And he would give you bread or cookies in return." "Yes, but the cookies were usually made by you which is why he would add them with no extra charge. I didn't know you were the one who made them until later." "Ok." He pauses for a second as he processes the information. "We were both reaped for the 74th and the 75th Hunger Games, real or not real?" "Real, well kind of. Your name was reaped for the 74th but I volunteered for my sister Prim and for the 75th, my name was reaped but you volunteered for Haymitch." "Why?" His question is so blunt that I'm taken off guard. I stutter before I respond, "You...you volunteered so you could protect me." He snickers under his breath in a way that makes me uncomfortable. In the blink of an eye, he has changed before me. "You really had me whipped, didn't you? I would have done anything if it meant I could be with you. I should have just let Haymitch be your partner, that way you two could have died in that arena while I safely watched from the comfort of my home." His eyes suddenly dilate into black pits as his anger grows, "That way I wouldn't have been betrayed and left for dead by the two people I trusted most!" He slams his fist in the dirt and stands on his feet. If he's going to attack me, I'm too afraid to move. I watch him as he yells obscenities to himself and clutches his hair with his hands. I should have known that talking about the Quarter Quell would be too sensitive for him, especially in his confused state. I slowly move to my feet, careful not to startle him. "Peeta..." I say with caution. He swiftly turns towards me with hatred in his eyes, "I should just kill you now!" He stalks towards me before he quickly steps aside. "Stop! I don't kill, I protect!" "I hate you so much!" "No! Katniss, I love you!" I watch as he argues with himself, almost like he's two different people. So this must be what Johanna told me about. Most people would have sedated him by now and identified him as "mentally incapacitated" but I'm hopeful. If there's still a trace of my Peeta in there than that means there's still a chance that he'll come back to me. "I could never love a mutt as devious and conniving as you!" My hope is immediately shattered. What if hi-jacked Peeta is stronger than my Peeta and he completely consumes him? I feel water stinging the corners of my eyes as I try to blink them away but all that does is bring more tears flowing down my cheeks. I let his rampage continue as his vicious words slowly beat me down. "You never loved me! You used me! Even after you knew about my true feelings, you used them to stage a wedding! Knowing that I would agree! You should have just slapped me in the face! And if having to marry me wasn't enough of a sickening thought for you, you even got rid of our baby!" Wait, what! All my sulking is pushed aside as I quickly look up at him with surprised eyes, "What! Who told you that?" "President Snow. He told me that you were so disappointed in having to carry my child that you choose to eliminate him or her instead of bringing them into this world!" His voice slowly cracks as he finishes. His eyes are still angry but are filled with tears. How could Snow be so twisted and sick to put a thought like that in Peeta's mind? I want to tell him that it's obviously not true but I also want to tell him that I wish it was. If I was carrying his child than I would at least have a piece of him with me to call my own; but I won't