Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. All rights belong to Suzanne Collins. Start with what you know... I pull my legs to my chest and wrap my arms around my knees. I slowly rock myself and take slow, deep breaths. "My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District 12. There is no District 12. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. Peeta was taken prisoner. He was rescued. He's here in District 13. With me. But he's not Peeta anymore. He's not my Peeta. Because he was-" I swallow the lump that forms in my throat as I try to finish the sentence. I pause for a moment to regain my composure but I can still feel myself choking on the words. "Because he was...because he is-" "Hijacked." I narrow my eyes at the voice that comes from behind me. It's Haymitch. "So, this is where you've been hiding." He says casually as he takes a seat beside me on the cold floor. "Dark. Quiet. Isolated. My kind of place. I could easily hide some liquor here too if I could just get my hands on-" "What do you want, Haymitch?" I snap as I turn to face him. He holds his hands up in mock surrender. "Calm down, sweetheart. Can't a mentor just check on the well-being of his victor?" "Not when that mentor left the well-being of his other victor in the hands of President Snow!" I spit back. "Okay, okay. I get that you're angry. I deserved that." "You deserve much more than that!" I hiss. "None of this would've happened if you'd just stuck to our original deal and rescued him instead of me!" It takes all of my self-control not to jump at him; and I don't have much left. Unlike me, he's calm when he speaks. "We've all made decisions that we've regretted." Ironic words from a man whose life decision is hard liquor. "Well it was your decision that sentenced him to months of endless torture! He's hijacked because of you !" I yell as I point an accusatory finger at him. Hijacked. This is the first time I've said that word aloud since his rescue. And now that I've said it, it suddenly feels much more real. Not that it didn't feel real before but it's like I've officially confirmed it. I've confirmed my worst fear. "Now hold on." Haymitch says in a stern tone. "I know the mistakes I've made and I don't need you to tell me them. At least I'm trying to make it up to the boy by going to his treatments everyday. Sure he hates me just as much, if not a little less, than you but I'm still there for him. And what have you been doing? Throwing pity parties for yourself while you hide away from the world. How long has it been since you've even seen Peeta?" 25 days, 23 hours, and 17 minutes. It will be 26 days when the clock strikes midnight tonight. But who's counting? He answers for me. "You haven't been by to see that boy in almost a month." Apparently he's been counting. "You haven't seen him since the night he attacked you. I get that you're scared but you act as if you don't care. You never ask for updates on his treatment or sit in during his therapy sessions. Katniss, you refuse to even say the boy's name." "Because that's not Peeta!" I yell through angry tears I didn't know I was shedding. Haymitch studies me as I turn my face away from him. He is right though. I don't refer to Peeta by his name anymore. I can't. It's too painful. The boy rescued from the Capitol isn't him. The only time I say his name is in my dreams or when I have a breakdown like I'm experiencing now. It's just too hard to put a name to the think I've lost. No. Not the thing, but the person I've lost. "So this is what it took, huh?" I look back at him with glossy, red eyes. "What are you talking about?" "This is what it took." He repeats as he gestures a hand towards me. "It took you losing him for you to finally realize what you had." I'm quiet as I process his words. "There's a reason I said you don't deserve him. It's not because I don't think you two belong together or because the thought of a squishy romance makes me want to hurl. It's because you don't appreciate him. You never have. How do you think he got hijacked? Because he was still trying to protect you . He knew the consequences he'd have to face when he warned you of the bombing. He knew he would suffer greatly and possibly die from his actions but he still placed your needs before his own. And all you've done to thank him is push yourself away and leave him to fend for himself." Sobriety really brings out the rational side of Haymitch. And I hate it. But only because he's right. Except for one thing. "I knew exactly what I had." I say as I wipe away my tears with the back of my hand. "I just thought I'd never lose it." I thought I'd never lose him . "But you did." His words are like needles to my heart. I reach to clutch my chest but instead grab the locket around my neck. Peeta's locket. I look down and stare at it in my hand. My survival was his last promise to me and he's kept that promise, even during the torture of his hijacking. I feel lower than dirt when I realize I've already broken my promise to him. "What do you expect me to do?" I finally ask. "Stop treating him like the monster he isn't." "How?" Haymitch is thoughtful before answering. "Just love him, Katniss." I make my way to the medical wing of District 13, Haymitch's words still ringing in my head; Just love him. But isn't love what put us in this situation? Then again, whose love was President Snow trying to use as a weapon? Was it my love for Peeta that gave him the leverage he needed to finally break me? Or was it Peeta's love for me that Snow was able to manipulate and use to still break me? Either way, his tactics have been successful. I am broken. My heart is broken. And the only person who can make it whole again is the one ripping it apart. I continue down the long hallways. I immediately notice how quiet the hospital is at night, and the lighting is so dim it's almost too dark to see. Almost. I quickly pass the room where he attacked me and try to focus on the floor instead. I ignore all medical personnel but out of the corner of my eye I notice a nurse walk by with her shirt untucked from the back. "Prim?" She turns around. "Katniss!" She says with a smile as she pulls me in for a hug. "What are you doing here so late at night?" I ask. "I'm part of the night crew that monitors Peeta." I internally wince at the sound of his name. She pauses as she stares at me. "What are you doing here?" "I-I...I came here to..." "See Peeta?" I give a small nod of my head. "Well, he's awake if you want to see him. Come on." She grabs my hand and drags me down the hall. Her grip is tight around my wrist and she never lets go. Probably because she knows I'll run if given the chance. How am I suppose to face him? The last time I saw him he was digging his fingers into my throat. His eyes were hollow but alive with hatred and revenge as they bore into my mine. He was literally squeezing the life out of me and never once did I see any sign of remorse from his actions. All I saw was a very familiar and yet unrecognizable crazed boy. I think I'm about to be sick. Before I can speak up, we enter his room which is split in two. There is a viewing section on one side in which doctors and nurses can watch through a large one-way glass window that looks into the room of the patient. I don't bother to look into the window though and instead stare at a spot on the floor. My sister watches me. "He can't see you, Katniss." "I know, Prim." "Then look at him." She says gently. I let out a shaky breath. I slowly lift my head and focus on one thing at a time. His bed. His desk. His chair. And finally... Him. My eyes immediately water at the sight of him and it feels like there's been a large weight suddenly lifted off my shoulders. He looks so...normal? Healthy? Is that the right word? I'm not sure but there's something about him that looks like Peeta again. He is seated at a wooden desk while his hand moves vigorously on a drawing pad. His body has grown fuller compared to the skin and bones he once was. His face has healed of all cuts and bruises and his cheeks have filled with color once again. And his eyes. His eyes are blue. Not their usual bright and shining blue but they're blue none the less. "I can't believe it. He looks...he looks so...but how?" I have so many questions that I'm unable to form a single thought. "I gave Dr. Aurelius the idea of performing a reverse-hijacking on him. Inject him with a dosage of tracker jacker venom, not as much as they used in the Capitol, but just enough to restore his memories instead of manipulating them." "This is all because of you?" She smiles proudly. I pull her into a hug and wrap my arms tightly around her. "I guess you're not so little of a duck anymore." She laughs and pulls away. "Don't thank me yet. He hasn't made a full recovery and sometimes has relapses. They're not as bad as they were in the beginning but they still happen." I'm hesitant to ask. "How does he react about me?" "We can finally say your name around him without him going completely hysterical. The videos from the games and your interviews have helped significantly. He no longer thinks you're trying to kill him but he still doesn't trust you. He blames you for killing his family and destroying District 12." "So he still doesn't love me." It's not a question but more of an observation of fact. "He doesn't like to talk about the whole star-crossed lovers thing. If it makes you feel better, he hasn't said that he doesn't love you. He's probably just trying to sort out his memories of you." She places both her hands on my shoulders. "Katniss, there's still hope." I give her a small but weak smile. "Maybe it would help if you talked to him." "What? No!" I practically yell. "Come on, Katniss. The videos can only help so much. He still sees some of them as nothing more than a charade. But if you talked to him and told him about the real side of your relationship then maybe it will help to resurface his old memories and he'll remember that he's in love with you." But what is the real side of our relationship? Did we even have one? We must of because he loved me and I loved him. (Although I hadn't realized I did.) I mean, we did have the nights on the train or that day on the rooftop or even those kisses in the arena. That was all real. But he won't know that because he thinks it was only real on his part. He'll never