Friends to Lovers Contest Pen Name: rubyblue9696 Title: oPeRaTiOn jOhNsOn Summary: After a night out celebrating, two best friends find themselves in an Alice-induced predicament. There's striped underwear, naked girl-tummy and a couple of handcuffed fools. There's poking and prodding and no more time for waiting, and Urban Dictionary, too. My Friends to Lovers Contest entry. Warning: Only 18 or Older for Language/Lemons. Pairing: Edward & Bella Disclaimer: The author (me!) does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Beta: at emsuckle on twitter dot com Rating: M Prompt(s) used: #12 (Tiny T-shirt), #14 (Beach), #16 (Cuffs), #39 (Cooking Class), #45 (Stripper Cries) Word count: (not including summary or submission header) 10,312 ~*~ oPeRaTiOn jOhNsOn ~*~ The bed is shaking. Why is the fucking bed shaking? And why do his arms hurt so much? His head is pounding, pounding, pounding … it may very well kill him it hurts so bad. Like the kind of pounding that makes you want to hide your head under your pillow forever. He buries the left side of his face further into his soft pillow. That's weird, too, because Edward knows that his pillow should not be soft. His pillow is hard. And flat. He takes a deep breath. Vanilla and rose. Huh. " Stupid metal bed frame…" Oh. " Stupid sexy passed out boy…" Bella. Suddenly he doesn't find it so difficult cracking an eye open. And when his right one cracks a little, it then pops wide, taking in the scenery before him. The scenery of rainbow striped panties, naked pale girl-tummy, and an extremely thin, see through, pale pink, tiniest-of-tiny t-shirts. She was not wearing that last night. He knows. He one-eye stares. His mouth would water but it's too dry. Dehydration will do that to a guy. Attempting to smack his lips so he can speak, a throaty garble emerges instead, "Bell aaagh —" Cue hacking dry cough. "Don't look at me Edward! Don't you dare open your eyes until I get us free!" Too late. It's obvious her mouth isn't as dehydrated as his own. The bed shakes again. His brain rattles painfully inside his still-pounding head. He closes his cracked eye immediately, but he can't help his grin. Bella huffs. "I am going to freakin' kill Alice!" She girl groans, then. He's still smiling because, you know, he just saw Bella in her underwear. Clearing his throat, he finally gets out, "B, stop shaking the bed right now unless you want me to retaliate in a cruel and unusual way." "Retaliate?" She scoffs, angry. "Fucking retaliate, Edward?" The shaking escalates frantically. "I'd like to see you try!" Game on. His right hand lifts from his soft and fluffy pillow to grab at his angry best friend, only making it about two inches before its movement jerks to a stop. His one eye pops back open in disbelief. He tries to move his other hand but he finds that's restrained, too. No fucking way . "No fucking way...those two fucking—" "EDWARD!" She shrieks. "Close your eyes! I told you to keep them closed!" She is freaking out in a serious way. Bloodshot green eyes flash to wide brown ones. His next words are unnecessary. "We're handcuffed to your bed, B." She gives an irritated snort and eye-roll. "Well, thank you very much, Captain Obvious!" Bella shakes the wrought iron bed frame one last time in frustration and then sits back down with a huff, her knees bent under her. Then, another unnecessary statement, but from her lips this time around: "I can't find the keys." Keys? As in… plural? Lifting his pounding head too quickly for anything good, he looks up over the pillow at his hands where they are each held prisoner; his left hand is handcuffed near the wooden nightstand, with a bottle of water stuffed through the empty dangling cuff, separate from his right. That's when his right hand flops around like a fish because Bella is yanking at their shared handcuffs exaggeratedly and whining. Her right hand is handcuffed to his right hand through the headboard's design of winding vines. Well, fuck. His head flops face down to bury itself into Bella's baby blue, sateen-covered pillow, and he groans long and low as he lays sprawled on his stomach. He hears a giggle. "You know, I can see your ass crack." His head whips up and he sees over his shirtless right shoulder that, in fact, his boxers have slipped low and his ass crack is showing at the top… and he can't do a goddamn thing about it. They are lying on top of her comforter, too. It's cold. Head-flop back to said pillow, he glares with one eye at Bella as she bites her full lower lip and continues to side-eye his exposed area . Her face turns pink and he swears that he hears a small hum of appreciation in the back of his best friend's slender throat before she quickly glances away, running her left hand through her long, messy, morning-after-visiting-a-strip-club hair. Wait. "Bella, why is your left hand not cuffed?" Turning back to him, she gives him an incredulous look, her free hand still up in her hair. "Seriously? Like I can even begin to guess at the workings of Alice's inebriated brain, Edward." She turns her head and looks out the window over the frame of her queen-sized bed. He can't help what he does next, because he is a guy and she is… Bella . His cracked green eye flicks from her pretty face to her chest, where two hard nipples poke out at him clearly through that thin light pink fabric. Yeah, he is not unaffected. "I bet those jackasses are having a hearty laugh at our expense right now. I hope Jasper gets plane sickness over the Atlantic and pukes all over his soon-to-be-dead new fiancé." She huffs and then looks back at him, seeing his one cracked eye trained right on her chest, and then she proceeds to screech at him. "Edward, stop staring at my tits, you perv!" Her hand flies from her hair to strike him hard on his ass… right where his crack is showing. Smack! Oh fuck. He freezes, as if he wasn't already immobile. His butt cheeks clench tight instinctually. He may have liked that a little. "Ow." "You totally deserved that, punk." Her hand covers her breasts protectively… or tries to, anyway. The hand that she just used to smack his ass is now touching her breasts. Great. Now he's hard. Like, very hard. It's trapped underneath him, too, and he is not on the small side, either. He shifts his hips, hopefully discreetly, saying, "Give me a break, B. I've seen you in less than that before. And now my ass stings." "You were sooo checking out my tits." "Every fucking day…" It's mumbled. "What?" Just to clarify here, it's not the first time Bella has made him hard. She has always had that sort of effect on him. She just doesn't know about it. Seven years of effect, to be exact. Seven years of Edward hiding it, too. For instance, there was that time after college graduation five years ago, when they were with Rose and Angela and Ben at Mustang Isle down at the Gulf, and she had worn that then-new red string bikini to the beach. Yeah, that was a good day. Or not, depending on how you looked at it. He got so fucking sunburned hiding in that saltwater. And then, that time just after she launched her business and she was teaching her new cooking class on how to bake light, fluffy, spiced pumpkin bread… and she was just stirring, stirring, stirring… and parts were jiggling, jiggling, jiggling… and he was staring, straining, twitching. Yeah, he couldn't hide in the Gulf that time and had to leave. Don't think he didn't smack the back of Emmett's head before he left, though. He did. Hard, too. And, that fuckwad Mike's. It had happened many other times under pretty normal-for-their-circle circumstances, of course. Holiday gatherings, birthday celebrations, movie nights, or just talking on the phone. Okay, it had happened practically every time they had any interaction, since that first fucking day he had met her after their Sophomore year at Southwestern U. Go Pirates. But this, however, is the first time she's made him hard while they are trapped alone together and handcuffed to her bed wearing just their underwear. Well, and a tiny-as-fuck see through pink t-shirt. His hips shift down into the mattress… totally involuntary . He can't decide if he is trying to relieve the pressure or somehow get his boxers back up to cover his crack. With a gruff voice, Edward replies, "Just… nothing. Look, here's the thing, B. I really don't think that I'm the one who's the pervert here. I'm not the one who lets their best friend just lie there, helpless and exposed." She eyes him all over , then she bursts out laughing. "You can't be serious, Edward. Do you know how many times I have seen your naked ass?" His eye twitches, because he fucking does know how many times she's seen it. Twice. She laughs again, reaching over to prod at his exposed ass, "Poke, poke, poke," with her pointer finger. She goes quiet, saying, "You've got the cutest little hairs right…" while rubbing her finger softly at the top of his ass crack, "… here…" He's suddenly on high alert. This is so not fair because this action of hers, however hilariously immature, causes him to clench and grind his trapped dick into the mattress again on top of her fucking vanilla and rose smelling blue flower embroidered comforter. She gasps. He growls a little. "Edward…" She pauses. "Did you just hump my bed?" "No… maybe… yes…" Her eyes are glued to his ass as he does it again. "Oh, my God!" It doesn't sound quite as disgusted as she intended. "It's your fucking fault, Bella. Stop touching my ass while you're in your rainbow panties and your nipples are torturing me like that!" Fuck! Brown eyes flash to his, which are now squeezed shut tight. She glances down to her pert nipples, their darker rose color clearly visible through the thin pink cotton t-shirt, and then back to his scrunched up face. "Um… you… uh, I mean…" She blinks and shakes her head a little. "Um, my nipples actually torture you?" Embarrassed, he buries his face back into the fluffy pillow. "You know what I mean, B." It's muffled again. He can feel the heat on the back of his neck. "And I am fucking dying of thirst and my head hurts like a bitch. Get that bottled water for me, will you?" His left hand gestures to its location, still stuffed into the dangling part of the handcuff next to the nightstand. "I'm seriously dying." She's stunned, blinking again and staring at the back of his messy, sexy boy hair. Then her eyes drift down his lean muscled back to where his skin is reddening right where she'd poked and smacked. She chews her lip, taking in his old man boxers, except they don't look bad at all on Edward. Even covered in faded worn stripes, this best friend of hers has a fine ass. She knows. She's seen it, twice. He has the sexiest lower-back dimples. "B!" She jumps a little on her knees at his suddenly loud voice. His face isn't buried in her pillow any more. "Stop checking out my ass." If smirks could kill she would have been dead years ago. Brown eyes roll as she stretches to reach for the water bottle. "Fine." This, of course, means that her scantily clad tits loom right in his face, up close and so fucking personal… and beautiful. His mouth has no problem watering now. Just as she grabs the water in her free left