Amare Sine Timore Mark Me One Shot Contest Pen Name: rubyblue9696 Characters: Edward & Bella Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: They had been dancing around each other for years. Around 'them'. He remembers that final straw that broke their camel's back. And, he's never going to break his promise…so that she won't ever break her own. An Edward and Bella one-shot for the Mark Me One-Shot Contest. ~.~ Amare Sine Timore ~.~ It's after midnight. Clear star-filled sky and cool autumn air. She's on her way to him now. Flicking off the front lights, he moves to the back, shuffling around the shop as he picks up mindless object after mindless object only to set each one back down in pointless new locations. He is restless…impatient. He's been waiting so fucking long for her. They had been dancing around each other for years. Around 'them'. He often thinks back, remembering the straw that broke their camel's back just nine weeks prior. Jasper's thirtieth birthday-bash house party. " Here's your beer, man." Something waves in front of Edward's face, and then two fingers are snapping repeatedly at his eyes, too close to focus on, and very fucking annoying. He can't see Bella. Sucker punching Jasper's nuts, Edward sits up briefly from where he's sprawled on the suede couch, taking the beer and twisting it open. He takes a long deep swallow, all the while watching Bella across the room, dancing and swaying. She's watching him, too. She blows him a tiny kiss and Alice whispers something in her ear. They giggle. " Dude, you have it so bad, man. Put us all out of our misery already, alright? Go fucking get her…" He's right, Edward knows. She's been teasing him all night like that. "Fuck off, asshole." Deep burrowing frown, he takes another long pull from his long-neck and then his hand lifts to run through his hair, scratching at his scalp, contemplating. Jasper snorts. "Whatever, you pussy. Alice and I are gonna get the cake ready." Then Edward is alone again. Well, as alone as one could be surrounded by fifty or so party goers. He must be putting off a vibe because people are leaving him alone for the most part. Everyone knows him. It's because of his shop. His tat shop, Iron Ink . Proud owner and operator eight years running. He focuses again on Bella across the room. She's talking with Tyler, laughing…flirting maybe. Tyler leans in to her ear to say something and Bella looks a little surprised. She shakes her head back and forth quickly and moves away from Mr. Douchebag and over toward the couch where Edward sits watching. " Hi." She is standing in front of him now. " Hey." His eyes gorge on her. " Um, you uh…don't seem to be in a very festive mood for your best friend's party." His green eyes flash up to hers from the curve of her hips. Blunt, he says low and rough, "I'm not in a very festive mood, Bella." She blinks, confused. "Oh, um…okay." Then she turns around, shifting a little from one foot to the other. Her ass is right in his face. Fuck! The next thing he knows, he is standing up behind her, sliding his hand around her hip…and then, he's leading her to the corner behind the huge-as-fuck entertainment center…and then, they are just staring and heavy shaky breathing. He presses flush to her. She lets him. And then, they are kissing, gripping…devouring. Hands down best fucking night of his life. He hears the side door to the back of the shop open quietly then shut and lock, and he knows Bella has arrived. The sound of her purse and keys hitting the countertop make him smile crooked stupid. That smile vanishes when he hears her stilettos connect with the cement floor. His nostrils flare slightly. He wonders briefly if they are satin black or the purple ones she just bought. Is she intentionally trying to make this more difficult for him? He absolutely has to keep his cool. Tossing a brass contact post back into his kit, Edward turns around to lean back against the top of his floor cabinet next to his station. He wants to watch Bella walk to him. There is no doubt in his mind that she is the sexiest fucking thing on this planet. The way she moves, slow and with purpose, drives him insane. She knows it, too. The sway of her hips. The muscles in her thighs. The bounce of her perfect breasts…her tits. Fuck, even the swing of her arms and the slight toss of her hair make him crazy horny. This girl is his. His total package. Settling against the cabinet's counter, resting each hand there next to his own hips, Edward takes her in. She's obviously dressed for the occasion. And, when he says dressed for the occasion, he means dressed to kill. Black satin corset top under a sheer midnight-blue flowy thing, paired with sinfully skin tight liquid black leggings. And the shoes he's completely wrong about. Well, that's not true entirely. They are black, mostly. Strappy, with two delicate metal studded black bands stretching across her silver painted toes, and on each side at the arch of both feet, four more delicate leather strips, two on each side, rise to connect at a small metallic silver circle at the top of each foot. From there, two more bands wrap around to fasten at each of Bella's ankles. He winces internally. Is it weird that he wants her to hurt him with those sexy as fuck stilettos? No. Not even a little. He's hard as rock already. Thank fuck he'd jerked one off before her arrival. Still staring at her shoes, he watches as she comes to a stop between his own black steel-toe booted ones. Now that's a picture. He looks up at her from under his lashes and flashes a sexy grin. "Hey, baby." Petty brown eyes focus on green as she blushes, whispering back, "Hey." She doesn't usually dress this way. She's a kindergarten teacher for fuck's sake. Leaning in to rest against him, Bella lets the palms of each hand slide up over his cotton T-shirt covered chest to wrap around the back of his neck. It's vintage AC/DC tonight. The Back in Black tour. His own hands leave the countertop and move reflexively to grip her hips and pull her closer, and then they slide around back and down over each ass cheek to give her a little squeeze. She murmurs into the crook of his neck, saying soft, "You wore my favorite T-shirt," and then she kisses him, tiny little kisses all the way up the side of his neck and across his stubbled jaw to his waiting lips. It's gentle, erotic and slow, tongues touching, sliding, and lips kissing and sucking. Definitely a sweet precursor to what they are about to do. Edward groans and grips Bella's ass a little tighter. She sighs, releasing his lower lip, and just feels him pressed against her. He is so fucking sexy it kills her sometimes. "Show me." He smirks, "Show you what?" Shy smile, "You know." "I don't think I do." She bites her lip, letting a manicured nail of her right hand leave his messy auburn hair to trail its way down and over his pec to the steel barbell at his left nipple. She flicks and pulls it through the cotton fabric and waits for his groan. Bingo. "You do know. Now come on…show me." He shows her, opening his lips and letting his tongue slip out and down over his chin. He's got his skull in tonight. Jesus. Pair that with the black steel barbell studs at each ear lobe and she is one hot mess. Her eyes kind of glaze as he kisses her again, deeper, possessing her and letting her feel his tongue piercing against her. Deliberate. He is not so gentle this time. Her ears ring. Releasing her lips from his own, Edward rests his forehead against hers taking a deep breath, and asks, hands still gripping and squeezing each ass cheek, "You ready for this?" She blinks and nods, smiling slightly. "Yeah." Pushing off of the counter's edge, Edward smacks her ass playfully and, at her gasp, grins the devil's grin and moves to his station. He's got the best one in the entire shop. As it should be. It's one of those top of the line babies, too. The Inkbed. Fucker should be called the Inkrocket Turbo 5000 or some shit like that. Awesome is an understatement. You can adjust it any way you need depending on the tatting situation at hand. And, this particular tatting situation requires some minor adjusting…or major, depending. Glancing over his shoulder at Bella, he gives her a wink then returns his attention back to the chair, dropping down the side panels as well as each arm rest, adjusting the back rest to a sixty degree angle for support, and then raising each leg rest up to full horizontal positioning. Then, he adjusts its height as low as it can go, making sure that Bella's stiletto clad feet will be able to touch down for leverage. His weighted wood and steel floor blocks will help out a lot with that. Never in his wildest dreams did he ever entertain the thought of doing what they are about to do together. But, since he found his balls and got his girl that night at Jasper's party, it did not shame him one bit to admit he thought about it quite fucking often now. She…was…it… He adjusts his lamp and slides his prepped rolling tray closer. The boot of his left foot shoves his rolling chair across and into Emmett's area, completely out of their way. They won't need it tonight. Then, he turns around and walks back to Bella, who's looking like she might pee herself…whether in excitement or fear he doesn't really know. He puts his arms around her and kisses her again, going for slow and languid…reassuring. Bella has other ideas, though, practically jumping him. Her hands fist in his hair as she sort of, kind of, attacks him standing. Okay, she's definitely not feeling any fear. "Whoa…" he says after he breaks their kiss. She whines, "Edward…" her lips following his, and fuck, his girl's begging already. She tries to palm his dick through his low hung jeans, but he stops her, because once that shit starts it is really fucking hard for them to stop. "Baby, please. I gotta get us ready." He kisses her now-swollen lips once more then he tries to step back, unsuccessful. Pointed stare now. With a roll of her eyes, she concedes with a pout, "Fine," releasing her fingers from his hair. She's the impatient one now. Quickly, Edward swivels on one heel then bends over at the waist to open his lower cabinet, retrieving some red stick candles from inside. "Stop staring at my ass, beautiful." Bella stares at his ass because, duh…smiling and salivating simultaneously…and then her eyes move to the elegant script now exposed as his T-shirt's hem drapes forward with his movements. It's on the lower right side of his waist…running down its length and ending at his lean hip. So fucking sexy. Amare Sine Timore. To love without fear. Edwardian Script. He whispers it like a prayer sometimes when he thinks no one can hear him. Bella hears him occasionally…and she cries silent for him, too. She knows how difficult if can get for him. She gives him everything she can to make it better…easier. She knows her own losses' weight and she wants to elevate and alleviate him from his much, much worse, own. He stands up straight again, placing the long candles inside two small mason jars for support and proceeds to