It wasa long and dark December From the rooftops I remember There was snow White snow Clearly I remember From the windows they were watching While we froze Down below When the future's architectured By a carnival of idiots On show You better lie low If you love me, won't you let me know? It was a long and dark December When the banks became cathedrals And the fog Became god Priests clutched onto Bibles Hollowed out to fit their rifles And the cross Was held aloft Bury me in honor When I'm dead and hit the ground My love's opposed But unfolds But if you love me, won't you let me know? I don't want to be a soldier Who the captain of some sinking ship Would stow Far below So if you love me, why'd you let me go? I took my love down to Violet Hill There we sat in the snow All that time, she was silent still So if you love me, won't you let me know? If you love me, won't you let me know? - Coldplay, without whose music my muse would run dry xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx His mount, harsh black against the snow, stirred in agitation, its snorts solidifying into clouds of ice on the air. The world was a whitewashed sepulcher: white and silent and cold. The whole camp seemed to hold its breath, its inhabitants fighting to hide their shivers. His black-gloved hands clenched the reigns more tightly as he spun his mount around to make the rounds again. They had been waiting for weeks, exterminating scouts and worthless stragglers. Where was the army? He could sense it lying in wait, the unseen viper hiding beneath the floorboards. The lie beneath the purity of the snow. His ears twitched in unison with his mount's as someone nearby coughed. Even Elves were not meant to weather this kind of deep chill. This had to be the coldest winter they had ever experienced at Imladris. A few had already suffered frostbite. "Elrond." His marshal's hand lay on the mount's neck as he gazed up at him. Elrond looked back, fierce hostility already in his eyes, waiting for the inevitable rebuke. Captain though he was, herald to Gil-galad though he might be, Glorfindel was the one who knew the cold. The marshal held his gaze for a few seconds, then sighed and turned to look at the horizon, towards the crest of the hill. Violet Hill. Regardless of the season, it always seemed to turn a shade of faint purple, like a bruise, when dusk fell. And now it was the site of their vigil, only a few miles outside of Imladris. "They cannot last much longer," Glorfindel breathed. "What do you want me to do?" Elrond hissed, his voice sharp and biting as the cold now invading his lungs. "He wants us to retreat. He is waiting us out. We go, and they will be on our heels in a matter of seconds. They will follow us back to Imladris, and we will be overrun." In spite of his surroundings, his eyes burned with a feverish, consuming determination as he stared at Glorfindel. "I know," the old Elf sighed. He patted the black's neck once, then moved off. Elrond turned his sights back to the hill again, then spurred his mount forward, stopping only when they had crested it. The black shifted anxiously again, unnerved by the exposure. A wry smile twisted his mouth. It had more sense than he. Elrond the Wise, indeed. More like Elrond the Insane. This whole crusade was insane. He shook his hair out of his eyes, a gust of wind doing the job for him and toying with the corners of his cloak. The black's ears twitched. The mad fever licked at his throat again as he shifted his weight with the horse. Come on, coward , he snarled at the air, projecting his thoughts into the deathly silence. Try me. There was, as expected, no answer. He swallowed forcefully, the knot of cloth against his throat sliding a little. He exhaled sharply, as though struck in the chest. The movement had disturbed the smell of her from the cloth, momentarily overwhelming him, filling his mind with his last memories of her. They had stood in a hallway of Imladris, troops hurrying around them, preparing to leave. He, too, was ready to depart, dressed in his usual black uniform, but with layers of wool beneath for warmth. His cloak was around his shoulders, pinned with Gil-galad's signet. "You have no scarf," she had said softly, a small smile on her lips. There was no fear visible in her clear eyes, only determination and understanding. She had a deep respect for the situation, for his situation. She would not weep and wail and beg them to stay. She herself would go to battle, if he would allow it. "It would be too cumbersome," he explained. "In battle, yes, but not traveling." She pulled a length of blue-gray cloth from beneath her fur-lined cloak and hooked it around his neck. "This will have to do." He was momentarily overwhelmed by the closeness of her, by the feel of her hands deftly tying the cloth around his neck. She continued to smooth it long after the knot was finished, and he didn't stop her. He couldn't take his eyes from her, though her own gaze was fixed on the scarf, as though charging it to protect him with its life. "Keep an eye on Erestor for me," he murmured. "His heart does not lie here, orders or no." She nodded. "I will." She looked up. "You should go." Her face was very close. In the back of his mind, he thought it amusing that she was the one reminding him it was time to go, that she was more focused on the crisis at hand than he was. This thought was swallowed by the scent of her, the feel of her breath, her hands still clasping the cloth at his throat. He could take her in his arms right now, right here, in front of both his troops and her father's. Now would be the proper time to tell her, in light of the danger. There was a chance he would not return – there was always that chance. But then again, if he didn't return, what would be the use of telling her? Her gaze was somehow imploring, however, holding him, rooting him to the spot. It was the look of knowledge, of demanding to be told something she already knew. He exhaled softly, painfully, and she embraced him. The shock to his heart and brain was too much – he clutched her too him, grasping at her warmth, her steadiness, though his reason shrieked its protest. Reason – the lord of his existence. Life was empty if not for reason. But what reason was there in loving her? None. She deserved a king, a god. And so loving her was only an emotion, to be swept aside, ignored. And yet, she seemed to care for him; he could feel it in the way she held him. Though he was flawed, flawed in his emotions for her, she was not. There was no vice in Celebrían. And so what reason was there for her to love him? His throat and chest burned, as though he had swallowed acid. It would be something to ponder on the way. He broke the embrace. "Blessings, and Godspeed," she had said, her voice smooth and soothing. "And stay warm." She had smiled. Elrond sighed and turned his mount from the hill – that accursed hill. It held him here, in its cold and lying clutches. But then, if being here meant that he was keeping her safe, it would be easy to reconcile himself. A fine time for Lothlórien to be visiting Imladris. A whisper, a thud, and an explosion of pain in his shoulder. He grunted and looked down. The point of a black-headed arrow protruded through the leather of his jerkin. Head spinning, he tucked his arm against his chest and bent forward to lie as flat as possible against his mount, but it was already spooked. It screamed, reared, and he tumbled off, only to land on his already injured shoulder. Somehow, miraculously, Glorfindel was suddenly at his side, helping him to his feet, shield raised to block another onslaught of black arrows. They slipped and slid down the hillside, even Elvish feet no match for the sheet of ice encrusting the snow. The troops were already assembled when they reached the camp again, facing forward and in formation, though their eyes were straining to the side, keeping their captain in sight. "Help me, Glorfindel," Elrond growled, snapping off the head of the arrow. The marshal did not hesitate, but wrenched the rest of the arrow out from behind. "Go," Elrond ordered. He was leaning against a tree and breathing hard, but he knew it would only be a matter of seconds until he could function again. Nevertheless, the seconds were precious. "I'm coming." Glorfindel was immediately gone from his side and ordering the advance to the crest of the hill, where they would make their defense. Elrond watched for as long as he could until a pair of healers pulled him into one of the nearby tents and stripped off his jerkin, tunic, and under layers. They packed and bound the wound quickly, redressed him, and handed him his sword. It was at times like these that Elrond was grateful he was ambidextrous. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx " Hold the line! " he bellowed, barely flinching as a piece of flying debris cut a deep gouge in his cheek. The Enemy had a serious advantage as a sorcerer and alchemist. His development of new and more powerful weapons was a devastating blow to the Eldar – weapons such as this explosive material that was now sending razor-sharp bits of tree into his troops. Fortunately, however, it was distributed among those least capable of utilizing its potentials. The Orcs more often than not wasted the material, rather than using it well and wisely. Regardless, they were hard-put to quash this enemy. Though they had the high ground, the Orcs were relentless. Many continued onwards without arms and legs, or with their faces smashed inwards. The once-pure snow was now smeared with black and red, and dusk was about to turn it all purple. The bruise atop the wound. Elrond surveyed his troops. They had been fighting for nearly three days and were tired. The Orcs did not know weariness. They were cold. The Orcs did not know cold. And it was growing dark. The Orcs fed off the dark. He had to make a move, and a decisive one. "Glorfindel!" The marshal materialized at his side immediately, panting. "How thin can we stretch the line?" Glorfindel stared at him. "Are you crazy?" he demanded, sounding furious. "If we stretch it any further, they'll break through. These creatures…" His voice trailed off, and he shook his head. "I do not know what drives them. They're half mad with bloodlust." "I know," Elrond pressed. "Is it at all conceivable to thin the line? I need troops elsewhere." "Elsewhere?" he repeated, starting to eye Elrond as though he, too, had gone mad. "Where else could you want them? This is the best position-" "Listen," Elrond interrupted. "You see Misery?" He gestured at the hill west of and adjacent to Violet. Glorfindel nodded. "Violet is steep, but Misery is steeper. The Orcs are having enough trouble getting up Violet because of the ice. We make a hook formation out of the surplus and drive the enemy into Misery – they would not be able to climb fast enough to make any kind of escape." Glorfindel was already shaking his head. "Too much of a risk. If it fails, it will be a bloodbath." "This cannot continue," Elrond snapped,