xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx They stand beneath the bows of two great trees, he, tall and proud, though his eyes are soft; she, beautiful and pure, silver lashes brushing modestly against her cheeks. Their hands are joined. Celeborn has just taken hers and laid them in his, and now places his hands on their heads in blessing. As he finishes, she raises her eyes to those of her lover, and they glow as they gaze at one another. They are smiling. A tremendous applause, mingled with cheering, erupts from the crowd. Their lord is finally wed, and, hopefully, his reign will soon be secured. But they also see that, politics aside, he is happy, happier than he has been in many yen. The couple passes through the crowd, greeting friends and acquaintances, his gentle hand at the small of her back. I, who know them well, see that their gazes often slip to the other's, rather than to the one to whom they are speaking. "And so our young charge moves on before us," a soft and slightly sad voice says behind me, and I make an affirmative noise in my throat. "Look at him, Erestor," I murmur, watching my lord and greatest friend look down on his bride with tender affection. "Not a trace of woe to be found on his face. I have never seen him so before." "Aye, my friend. It brings me unspeakable happiness to see him smile again." I nod, smiling myself. Our mutual friend bears many burdens and many sorrows, and is too often chained by them, which is why we were so delighted when Celeborn's daughter began to draw him above and beyond his anguish and into something far greater. Erestor claps me once on the shoulder and moves forward to greet the newlyweds. I can do nothing but observe. I can remember the first time I met my lord – yet no more than an elfling, by my standards – when he had newly come under the care of our beloved king. He was put under my instruction, for Gil-galad worried for his well being. He told me, in confidence, the lad's story, which even I found to be tragic, and revealed to me that the adolescent had recently lost his twin and only remaining relative to a choice of mortality – and was devastated by it. "I fear for his fëa, Glorfindel," he told me. "Watch over him. Bring him back to us." And so I had, not only as tutor and trainer to the boy, but also as friend. It had taken some time to achieve that status – the child was not easily disposed towards friendliness or openness, and I could not blame him. Life had been cruel to him, but I knew that the bud needed only a friendly hand and a loving heart to bloom, and I had been right (as I usually was, of course). And so my young charge had grown to be my liege, then my lord. After the loss of Gil-galad, I watched him plunge once more into darkness, though in that instance he seemed to realize what was happening and fought it. He rose to the occasion and led his people well – exceedingly well, in fact – but there was still a deep sorrow that plagued him. I first suspected Celebrían of some feminine witchery when I found them together in the library, laughing until tears ran down their faces and clutching at their sides. I had to struggle to keep my jaw from dropping open. I had not seen Elrond laugh so in… I could not even remember. "And then," he said, wiping his eyes and choking on his words, "and then Glorfindel… of course he does not want her to find out that it was he who had stolen her… eh, linens , however accidentally, so he panics, and throws them in the river!" A gale of laughter followed, Elrond collapsing onto the table and Celebrían roaring in her chair. People were coming from every corner of the library to stare. I myself was rather indignant. How dare he recount such a story! It had been an… an unfortunate misunderstanding, on my part, and the memories were not fond. The elleth in question had not been amused with the situation. I believed I still had the marks. After the library incident, they began to take walks together through the gardens, and would talk of many things both great and small. It seemed that he had begun to confide in her, and many an evening I would find them together in his study, poring over some decree or ancient tome. A learned and wise lady, Celebrían was nothing if not a valuable confidant regarding his duties as lord. I was both pleased and a little rankled that I myself was the instigator of such companionship, since it had sprung from a retelling of my own regrettable mishap, but decided to let it lie as long as their friendship was no longer at my expense. It was not to be, however. I, being his wise and seasoned mentor and now his advisor and councilor, was the first Elrond confided in when he sought Celebrían's hand in courtship. "You must speak with Celeborn first," I told him (and it was a very good piece of advise, too). "I know," he said, waving his hand agitatedly at me as though this was a given. " How , though?" "State your honorable – I should hope – intentions, and assure him that you respect his authority as father and Celebrían's honor." He sat down heavily and put his face in his hands. "Curse the day when the One decided to create potential father-in-laws." "If all goes well, you, too, shall be one," I pointed out, thinking myself wise. He sent me a rather venomous look that clearly said he thought me a bumbling idiot and that I was thinking much too far ahead. Of course all went well, in the end. Celeborn blessed their courtship whole-heartedly, but directed him to Celebrían for full consent. She gave it. At this point, I was deciding whether to begin worrying or rejoicing. What if – Eru help us – they were married? On the other hand, he was looking happier and healthier with each passing day, and she was an exceptionally pleasant elleth. She did not scorn the workings of the masculine mind or manly activities, as many of her ilk did, and I had many a decent conversation with her concerning the construction and usage of varying kinds of blades. On the other hand, if they were married…. As his courtship of her grew more fervent, it seemed that Elrond found more and more of his time taken up by his lordly duties, and so also found it necessary to converse with her literarily when he could not spend time with her during the day. He took to sending her daily letters, often accompanied by a rose or some other token of his affections, and this I thought very clever and romantic – until I was designated as the official letter-carrier. To preserve my dignity, I did not deliver the letters in person and in public , but decided to leave them in her private chambers. Anonymous was always more romantic. Unfortunately, this required sneaking in and out of her chambers without detection (particularly by her father – that would have been awkward), and I was suddenly quite appreciative of the athletic and deductive skills Eru had granted me. I came to the conclusion, however, that Eru has a rather sick sense of humor when I was climbing out of her window one day and Erestor spotted me, called out to me, and caused me to start so badly that I fell out of the tree. It was most embarrassing, particularly for a renowned Elf-lord of old. To make things worse, a tree branch had ripped my leggings wide open in a rather uncomfortable place. Getting back to my rooms was not an easy task, and Erestor was more interested in gloating then helping. After many weeks of this, I finally felt that I had had enough. Delivering letters and sneaking in and out of bedrooms was quite below me, much less my noteworthy status in the House, and I decided that the romantic nature of the letters had expired. Elrond, of course, tried to convince me that I was the only one to whom he would entrust such a duty and would not hear of halting his written advances. He said everyone else he could think of would probably open the letter and read it for themselves. I suggested Erestor, but the mere idea of Erestor bearing love letters was out of the question. My lord's trust made me feel slightly better for a time, because all he said was most certainly true (holding the letters up to the light to read through the parchment did not count as opening). Celebrían and I had always been on good terms, if not good friends, and I judged that, in my plight and in Elrond's obstinacy, it was time to take our relationship to a higher level. So I wrote a letter of my own. Dearest Celebrían, In his fervent admiration of you, I have noticed that my lord has taken to sending you pleasant letters nearly every day. I have noticed this because I have been the one to deliver them to your chambers. Celebrían, you must see how damaging this is to my pride. I am martial commander of this House, and it is rather demeaning to be sent about as a mere page boy, though I do not deny that the messages delivered are of the highest importance. I respect and esteem your courtship – truly I do! – but surely it should not come at such a price. I would suggest several courses of action to you. Firstly, perhaps you may speak to your honorable suitor about finding another messenger. I have already done this, but he may be more willing to lend his ear to you. Secondly, if the previous method has no effect, you must either marry the poor Elf and relieve him of his wooing duties, or tell him you have no interest in love letters and break off the relationship completely. Quite simple paths, really. Please take into consideration what I have told you here, in confidence, and take action quickly before I am humiliated afresh. Your Faithful Servant, Glorfindel I placed my missive beside Elrond's latest and waited eagerly for a response. It came, to follow tradition, in the form of a letter. Dearest, most amusing, most mistreated Glorfindel, Was she mocking me? I appreciate your confidence and frankness, my friend, and cannot thank you enough for the healthy laugh I indulged in when I had the pleasure of reading your letter. She was mocking me. I understand your predicament and sympathize. I am truly grateful for your sacrifices in aiding our courtship. It is due to your noble services that it is still alive and well. Not only was she mocking me, but she was also laughing at me. That little… I am afraid to tell you, however, that I cannot take any of the courses prescribed to me by your distinguished intellect, though I admire your martial approach to the problem. If my suitor deems it necessary to use you as messenger, I will have to agree with him, for I trust his judgment wholly. I advise you to do the same. I myself quite enjoy the letters, as well, and am not about to ask him to halt his writings, marry me, or break off his courtship. Time shall tell, and I would urge you to be patient. Yes. She was most certainly laughing at me. I thank you again for your honesty. Elrond also thanks you – he found your letter quite amusing. I choked on my