Where ever you go just always remember… That you've got a home for now and forever… And when you get low just call me whenever… Where ever you go just always remember… You're never alone we're birds of a feather… And we'll never change no matter the weather… This is my Oath to you… Jerry POV I can see tears glistening on the face of the District 3 girl, Sharon. She was the only one who would even watch any more. The rest of us learned a while ago that watching the living would only bring us pain. Even so I couldn't help but feel a strange sense of déjà vu. Had this happened before? A tug on my shirt makes me aware that I'd been observing too closely again. Old habits die hard, as that old saying goes. I suppose I still haven't entirely gotten past the fact that I could no longer simply be a bystander, I have people who care for me and refuse to let me fall back in the crowd, I have my Angel. I look down to see her, my princess staring back up at me with pouted lips. "What is wrong, princess?" I ask her worriedly. A light tint of pink covers her face making her that much more beautiful. "I wish you wouldn't call me that," she sighs, turning her head from me so that I may not see her flustered face. "But that is what you are after all, a princess," I reply simply. I can't see why she doesn't believe me. "Your knights back home, they must be so upset by your absence. Maybe I should've tried harder to save you instead of holding you back. Maybe I should've let you run ahead with Slate; he would've been able to keep you alive much longer than I had. Perhaps he would've even saved you, and could've gone home and lived a full like and… and… and…" I began to ramble and stutter something that was not common for me seeing as I've never had to be a talker, only a watcher. It was the sudden wave of guilt that made me that way. If it hadn't been for me my Angel might still be alive, but instead I got us both killed from not being able to keep up. "What are you saying?!" My Angel stands up suddenly, anger and disbelief forming on her face. The entire lounge grew quiet, our outburst causing them all a disturbance. "You wanted me to end up like him!?" she screams pointing her finger at the screen, portraying a miserable Jay seeming almost dead as he flicks aimless through a large tome. "You wanted me to be a lifeless zombie growing weaker and weaker each day, eating away at myself because I couldn't protect the ones I loved? Because I had to become a murderer to preserve my own life when I had nothing live for to begin with? New flash Jerry those two 'knights' that you talk so fondly of were my only best friends from my orphanage! My parents passed a long time ago and I'd rather be here with you than down there alone in Victors' Village hardly talking to Emery and Lark anymore! Well at least I thought I did. If you didn't want to be with me you could've said it a long time ago!" With that she storms off in a huff of rage, no doubt looking for one far better than me to ease her sorrow. I slump down in my seat at the bar. Now I truly look like someone unfit for a princess, nonetheless I am. Had I really come off as if I didn't want to be near her? That I no longer wished to share her company, finally having someone to pull me out the everyday routine of being a bystander to become something more? I had only meant that maybe she would've been better off with the living where she could get married to someone befitting of the queen she would undoubtedly grow into, have children of her quality, and grow old with the one she loved. I never meant to harm her in anyway, more than anything it had been an apology. But now I see the error of my ways. For me wishing that she was the victor was as if I was saying that I wished she'd become like Jay. Spending her days wallowing in self torture, about the things she could've done differently. People all around would gather wondering what could make such a beautiful girl so solemn. Even her knights would be sick with worry, wondering why their princess would no longer eat or sleep. That is a horrible thing to wish upon anyone, especially one so fair. If anything I should've become victor. Then no one else would have to deal with the guilt, the guilt of winning while so many others had to die for that 'success', the guilt of worrying loved ones about why their Dearest were nothing more than a shell of their former self. Being nothing more than a bystander no one would worry themselves over me; I would once again become another lonely face in the crowd once the Hunger Games nonsense wore down. Perhaps my parents would worry for a while, but even they had accepted my death before I'd even left, what would be the difference. A light touch on my shoulder startles me from my thoughts. I look over to see the mute green eyes of the District 7 boy, Kaiden. He was one of Slates allies, but he also allied with the two little girls, the ones from 11 and 10. The two stand behind him wide eyed, most likely wondering why their game was interrupted. Kaiden turns around to face the young girls, "Go find Ella, I'm going to talk to Jerry here ok?" "Ok," the dark skinned, Alice, squeaks. She wraps her hand around the younger girl's attempting to lead her over to the couch where Percella sits trying to comfort Sharon. Brooklynn holds fast, not budging an inch as she looks up and Kaiden with big enchanting eyes. The older boy lets go of my shoulder before gracefully squatting down so that his is eye level with the stubborn twelve year old. "Please Lynn, it'll only take a second," Kaiden pleads making an amusing pouty face. Lynn giggles slightly before turning around pulling Alice towards the couch. I chuckle softly at the small spectacle before me. They've managed to make a small but close knit family amidst all of the chaos of this afterlife. Yet here I am unable to keep my Angel satisfied. What a cruel hand fate plays. "You know, I don't believe she's really mad at you. You shouldn't be so gloomy about being here; everyone else has accepted it and have realized coming here is much better than becoming victor- well for the most part. You're little comment probably caught her of guard. She just needs some time to blow off steam, maybe talk to someone else for a change," Kaiden takes a seat in the barstool next to me, motioning to a corner where Angel and Slate stand conversing. Angel leans against the wall her arms wrapped around her slender body, that same upset look on her face as when she stormed away from me. Slate on the other hand stands slightly to the side of her a small grin playing on his lips as he talks words of comfort to my damsel in distress. My stomach clenches like I'm once again a school boy with a crush. Anger bubbles up within me, directing itself at Slate though he has done nothing wrong. What is this feeling? Why do I have a sudden urge to go over and break up there conversation, just so that Slate wouldn't have the honor of basking in her beauty. "Why do I feel this way, Kaiden?" I ask, not feeling the least bit ashamed that I am asking one younger than me about my feelings, though it seems that I should. "Why am I suddenly angered at Slate though he has done nothing but help me?" "It's called jealousy, Jerry," He informs me. "Jealousy?" I try the word out on my tongue, treating it like a bitter fruit. Jealousy, I don't like that word at all, or the feeling that it represents. I shouldn't feel anger towards a friend. "But you shouldn't worry, I'm sure he's only trying to comfort her after you all's little argument. He wouldn't try to take her away from you. Slate's to nice for that. I'm not sure how but he is. He's just so kind to everyone, even me. He rescued me and he didn't even know me, then he helped me get revenge even though it wasn't something he agreed with." He speaks truthfully. And I know he is right, the anger towards the gray eyed boy dying down. "It sounds like you really admire him," I say suddenly. He spoke of Slate with such admiration and amazement, like a little child talking about their father or favorite superhero. I can see why though, Slate is truly a great person. "Wh-what?" Kaiden stutters, a red flustered look crossing his face. "N-no, I just…. Think he's interesting. I didn't really know that many people who cared for me back home, so him, Lynn, and Alice are just umm… important to me." I shrug at his unnecessary explanation, isn't that what I said? I stand up from my barstool, startling him somehow- he must've been lost in observation of something. "Thank you very much Snake," I thank him using his nickname. I'd seen him watching a girl in his District; she had made a little alter of candles, flowers, some food native to District 7, and a picture of Kaiden in a large tree. She gently kissed the picture once before setting it behind the offerings so that it would lean against the trunk of the tree. "I'm so sorry Snake; I wish I could've gone with you... You know that if I could've gone to your real funeral I would've, but I suppose you'll like it better this way huh? You never really did like being known as Kaiden," she choked, on a sob trying desperately to keep her composure. "That's why you'll forever be known as Snake- to me at least. Your final resting place isn't there in that cemetery plot, your parents hardly visit anymore, but here in our tree, on our favorite branch, where no one will ever be able to find us. Just like you said." She futilely wiped away at the tears staining her face, just for more to replace them. She then reached into her cloak pulling out something with shaking hands. A snake mask. She inspected it like it was a jewel until she found the side where a scale was missing. The girl turned it to side where no scales where missing and gently placed it in the center of the all the other offerings, as if it would break if she weren't careful. Stepping back to a narrower part of the branch to inspect her work, she pulled down a bird mask over her sobbing red face before looking up to the sky and making a bunch of random, yet graceful hand movements. With that she was gone, hopping off to another tree leaving behind the beautifully crafted shrine. He started crying even harder than he had been at her departure. I wanted to comfort him, but it was not my place, I was merely a bystander while he was a heartbroken ninja, needing the comfort of his family not a watcher. Alice and Brooklynn comforted him, until Percella came running back dragging a worried Slate behind her. Kaiden looks at me confused on how I knew his old nickname. I simply smile a knowing smile before parting