Please put on Say Something by One Big World ft. Christina Aguilera while you are reading this :) it's really important that you do. Enjoy! In a world of gowns and tuxedos and wine glasses and masks and lies, it was hard to tell the difference between a friend and a foe. But it was just as hard trying to focus on anything but the glamorous background, the beautiful people in their fancy attire, the low lighting that gave away just enough light to see but not enough to feel secure from the lure of it all. Everything was so full of color, full of light... and full of deceit. Behind all of it, behind the velvet curtain that veiled everyone's mind and soul in that ballroom, behind all of the fake smiles that were plastered on their faces, were secrets that weren't meant to be known. But he knew. He knew each and every one of them. But of course as a general rule they didn't exactly tell him their secrets themselves. Oh, no, they were human beings and one of human's natural instinct is self-preservation. But it was also one of human's natural instinct to want company and love and appreciation. And they were starved of what he could give them and he was starved of what they could give him in return. After all, nothing was ever for free in this world. But as he glanced at her from his place across the room, things didn't seem so dull anymore. She was like a beacon of light that called to him, a column of white light shining through the murky water that was slowly consuming him. That natural beauty, that sincere smile... He's never seen such genuinity, such truthfulness in a person. But people like her didn't exist in this world, or did they? Either way, she drew him in like a moth to a flame which moved his feet, made the blood in his veins pumped a little faster and his palms a little sweatier. "Well, hello there. I'm Finnick Odair." "Yes, I know you, everyone does. You're the Capitol's favorite." "Why, thank you, I do get quite number of admirers in this town." "Yes, I know," she turned away, rolling her eyes slightly and shielding the action from him but he saw it anyway. He smiled. "And you are? This is the first time I've ever seen you at this party, where've you been hiding all this time?" "I would tell you," she turned to him, her crystal blue eyes burning into his. "But it's not like you need to know that." "Oh but on the contrary, I do. And you haven't tell me your name. I told you mine." "But I never asked for yours," she gave him a look. "Not to mention that I've already know your name." "How about a trade, my secret for your name?" "And why would I want your secret?" "Because isn't that what everyone wants from everyone? Their deepest, darkest secrets?" The girl's eyes flashed for a second. "And what secret could you possibly offer me that would spark even the slightest of my interest?" "The name of the person of whom I admire." "My, my, what would the people say about Finnick Odair being a one-woman man?" "Does that serve more of a secret to you than the one I have to offer?" "Maybe it is, maybe it isn't and maybe, I just don't care. I have no use for secrets, Finnick Odair. Especially yours." Then she walked away. Annie Cresta. Annie Cresta was her name and he wasn't getting into the fact as to how he knew it but it had been repeating itself on his lips, accompanied by a smile all month long. He was seeing her again tonight, it was the Capitol's end-of-the-month party. He was sick of them, having gone twelve each year and more than a dozen more in between but he was going to see her, hopefully, and that was enough to make up for all the shortcomings there were. And it wasn't like the parties ever end. They were his life now, the only thing that was keeping him alive. He was a Victor. He won the games, not mention he was the Capitol's favorite. So now he had to endure his fate. Dying in the Games wasn't a good option before but now, it seemed like the better option. Much better than this one: living in the the Capitol, forever trapped in this luxurious, hypocritical world with his identity as his cell and President Snow his warden. Gathering secrets for only God knows what and living a lie. What a beautiful lie it was, though. A shining, charming, beautiful lie. "You again?" "Yes, me again." "Why do you keep bothering me?" "Because you are a secret that I must know." "Well, I'm no one's secret and hmm... yeah, that's about it. Will you leave me alone now?" "What is it about me that makes you dislike me so intensely?" "Really? You're asking me that question?" He gave her a look. "Okay, fine. Your look, your smile, your dimples, your charm, your speech, your reputation, your everything. I dislike you." "I'm having a hard time believing that," he pursed his lips to prevent himself from smiling. "Believe it or not the choice is yours but the truth will always be there for whenever you feel like accepting it." Then, she walked away from him again. The 74th Hunger Games has just ended and Katniss Everdeen had became the next Victor. So did Peeta Mellark. Finnick smiled bitterly at the TV screen. There goes another one, he thought, or two. 24 Tributes from Twelve Districts, two each - a boy and a girl - reaped from the pool of the male and female population are thrown into one arena to fight for their lives. Only one would survive. Only one could survive. But it seemed as if there's been a slight change in the rule since Katniss Everdeen pulled the Nightlock stunt so both of them could end their lives together. Lovesick schoolgirl. What a joke. Anyone with half a brain would know that it was only an act. That girl with fire in her eyes, motivation in her step and intention in her every movement was anything but a lovesick schoolgirl. Idiots. But he might just hope that those idiots would stay that way for if it wasn't for love, it was because they were standing up for themselves and were fighting back. That would lead to results even more horrendous than them being the next Capitol pet. Maybe it was for the best, after all. "So what did you think about the Games this year?" "It was great." "Really?" There was a beat of silence as she glanced up at him curiously from the corner of her eyes. As if deciding whether it was worth it putting her faith in him. "...No. It was horrible, just like all the others." "See? I knew there was a reason why I liked you!" She almost smiled. "What do you think that's gonna happen to them?" "Either Snow believes them or he doesn't. Let's pray for them that he does." "But he won't, will he?" And for the first time as she turned her head to let her eyes met his, he saw what seemed to be a mix of both desperation and hope. He saw a girl who was not raised in the Capitol and who was definitely not one of those who always wore a mask like a second skin. He saw her. Annie Cresta. And she was caring and sweet. "No, I don't think he will." Then she turned away but this time, she didn't turn to get away from him. The rebellion was happening. Finnick saw it when he visited District 4. He saw it in the hardness of his people's eyes, the grinding of their teeth toward the Peacekeepers, the whispering behind closed doors in hushed voices at night. He saw it in the letter that was on his desk the morning before his departure. Yes, the rebellion was happening, all thanks to the Girl on Fire - Katniss Everdeen. Their spark of hope, the revolution's breath of life and the people's Mockingjay. She, herself meant something. The only problem now was to keep her alive against all odds like she did for Peeta and herself. There was no way he was going to back down from the offer. He had to help. "Finnick? Is it true? That they pay you with secrets for your company?" He didn't answer her as he watched Katniss danced with the new Head Gamemaker: Plutarch Heavensbee. The replacement for Seneca Crane, who had just decided to stop breathing some time that month. "Finnick, tell me, I don't judge." He felt her hand slipped into his and he glanced at her. His gaze fell onto the top of her brown hair and he kept it there. "Yes, it's true." She didn't reply but he felt her hand tightened around his and he smiled sourly. Annie understood. Though born and raised in the Capitol, she's got a mind of her own. She was strong and she understood him more and more as time passed by and vice versa. She was one in a million. "I'll make him pay for it," she whispered with determination. "I hope you won't." "Why not?" "Because I don't want you anywhere near him. You're safe here in the Capitol but keep away from Snow. Be smart." "Survival isn't everything, Finnick. There's more to life rather than just staying alive. Would you want to go on living like this or would you want to die for a cause than would help other people?" He stayed silent. "Exactly. I'm going to make him pay for it, Finnick, somehow, I will." "But you wouldn't be helping me by doing that. 'Cause if you die, there'll be nothing left for me to hold on. Don't be ridiculous, Annie, be smart." "But -" "Right now, I'm right here beside you, enjoy it." Then he wrapped his arms around her and she sighed, giving up the argument but not her newfound purpose. "On the 75th anniversary, as a reminder to the rebels that even the strongest among them cannot overcome the power of the Capitol, the male and female tributes will be reaped from their existing pool of victors." "Finnick Odair," said the escort of District 4. He didn't even get to say goodbye to Annie. And he was going to get her killed siding with the rebellions. No. They wouldn't kill her just yet. He just signed her up for a lifetime of torture. What a good lover he was. But he had to be smart. He had to think bigger, he had to think about the greater good. What Annie's sacrifice would mean for the people in the future. What his life would mean for the next generation. To a new, better start. He had to do this. His first impression of Katniss Everdeen was that the girl had trust issues. She still didn't trust him after he'd saved her supposedly fiance's life, not that she really was even into the guy, nice as he was. But then Finnick observed her when Peeta's heart stopped after he hit the force field. So much pain, so much loss and so much hurt. That was when he knew that Katniss Everdeen did love Peeta Mellark. She was just too ignorant and too strong to realize it. The acid fog crept up on them and took Mags - the Victor from his district who didn't have enough strength to run - away when Peeta had been too affected by the fog to get up on his feet and Katniss couldn't carry him. The plan was to keep Katniss alive at all cost and Peeta, too, if possible because he was the only guarantee that the