"Mmm, that smells delicious." Draco was practically drooling as he bustled through the front door, his arms laden with presents and covered in snow. Hermione had been checking the progress of the turkey in the oven as he arrived, their two-year-old clinging to her leg, giggling in delight as his mummy prodded the bird. "Oh, your back! Thank goodness, you almost had me worrying." She said with relief, stooping to pick up little Thomas and greeting her husband with a kiss. She brushed the snow from his hair affectionately as he collapsed the parcels into the kitchen table and removed his coat and gloves. "Sorry, it's snowing hard out there, it was scary, but so beautiful, just like you." He teased with a grin, wrapping both Hermione and their toddler in a bear hug. "Oh, stop it." She said with an eye roll, swatting his shoulder. "Now hurry up and sort those parcels, I need you to round up the kids while I set the table. Everyone's going to be arriving in a minute." Hermione put Thomas in his high chair in the dining room and began setting the table. By the time she was finished it looked beautiful, festive, and very inviting. A fire was crackling merrily at the end of the room, and in the living room there was an 8-foot tree twinkling with gorgeous decorations and fairly lights and of course there were many presents stacked under it. Hermione was admittedly a little nervous. They were having the entire family around for Christmas dinner, and she really meant everyone. It had taken years for them all to be able to agree to be in the same room together and she was dreading it. Just as she was about to get anxious Draco herded their brood into the kitchen where she was piping cream into a trifle. She smiled, they were all clean and wearing the jerseys Molly had knitted them, well almost all of them. "Rose, in Merlins name are you wearing?" She demanded, folding her arms crossly at her 17-year old's tiny crop top and skin-tight jeans with rips all down them. "That is not what we wear to Christmas, or anywhere if you want any dignity." She scolded, turning to Draco for some help. Draco nodded, her voice stern as he voiced his agreement. "Go and change, your grandmother's jersey like your siblings please." Rose's nostrils flared angrily. "Sure thing, DAD. " She spat, her voice filled with venom as she flounced out of the room, slamming the door after her. Draco balled his hand into a fist, turning away from the other kids, pushing his anger down to deal with later. How after more than a decade of feeding, clothing and loving her she couldn't accept him as a step father he couldn't understand. Hugo had, and Scorpius loved Hermione, more than his own mother, he had once confided to his father. Hermione bit her lip, disappointed in her oldest daughter but too busy to go after her at this moment. She returned her attention back to the rest of her children. Besides the tall willowy Rose, who was exceptionally beautiful, her waist length red hair vivid against her perfect white skin and bright blue eyes, not a freckle in sight, she also had Scorpius. He was a great step son, who Hermione referred to simply as her son, they had a close bond and he really resembled his father, he was a pale, handsome, thin, blond, 17-year-old with a heart of gold. Next was Hugo, who like Rose, was a child of her previous marriage to Ron Weasley. Hugo was short, slightly tubby, incredibly cute 15-year-old who always made her laugh with his sarcasm, which had been carefully nurtured by Draco himself. Next was Julius, he was 12, skinny, brainy and had the most adorable grin in England, at least according to his mother, his grandmother and all the old ladies who frequented their grocery store. Ariana was 9 and often needed reminded to use her inside voice. Her wildly curly silver hair was always a mess and she was constantly trekking mud indoors and bringing home exciting finds from her many adventures. Then they'd had a stillborn baby, who would've been six this year. Hermione thought of him often, they'd chosen not to name him and she referred to him as her lost angel. The death had affect both her and Draco deeply, Draco taking it particularly hard. It was a long time before they even considered unprotected sex after that. Eventually they had healed, and a year later they welcomed Jeffrey into the world. He was a delightful 4-year-old who cared about nothing more than unicorns and had his mother's compassionate nature. Last was Thomas, the giggling 2-year-old who already had a mop of bushy brown hair like his mother and sparkling grey eyes like his father. Hermione was also six months pregnant with baby number 8, which she and Draco agreed was going to be their last. They loved all their children and wouldn't exchange them for anything, and even though they were excited for one last baby to adore, they both felt ready for he or she to be their last. Draco liked to joke it was because he was running out of room on his shoulder blade, where he had all their children's names tattooed despite his mother protests. Scorpius, Hugo, Julius, Ariana, Jeffrey, and Thomas were all milling around excitedly, the older boys trying to steal food and Ariana busy scolding them whilst the young ones ran around joyously squealing about the prospect of presents. (Draco's tattoo, includes Angel, their deceased infant son) Scorpius Rose Hugo Julius Ariana Angel Jeffrey Thomas Their guests were due to start arriving. All the food was on the table, covered to stay hot, and ready to go, so Hermione went upstairs to get ready to host. Draco followed her up, sitting on their bed and watching her as she changed into a beautiful red dress, her curly hair framing her face, a touch of mascara and red lipstick enhancing her natural beauty. Her baby bump looked gorgeous in the dress, Draco was particularly appreciative of her swollen breasts, almost bursting the seams as she reached back to zip up. Seeing her struggle, she assisted immediately, zipping her up, kissing the smooth skin of her neck as he did so. "You look good Granger." He murmured, turning her around to face him. She smiled, straightening his dinner jacket. "You too hot stuff." They headed down the stairs, Draco holding hands with her from in front since they didn't fit side by side on the narrow stair case. "I'm sorry about Rose." Hermione said sincerely as they reached the hall. "Don't even worry about it." Draco said kindly just as the first knock on the door sounded crisply. She took a deep breath and approached the door. "Here we go." "Harry! Ginny! Little Potters! I'm so glad it's you! Imagine if Astoria had been first." "Oh. Astoria. You made it." "Molly! Arthur! Oh, you shouldn't have, oh thank you! Kids come and get your presents and put them under the tree. Oh, Molly you look lovely, and oh yes of course I haven't been working too hard, yes I'm looking after the baby, it is inside me after all." "Luscious, Narcissa, thank you for coming, please, let me take your coats, you must be freezing." "Ron, hi. Oh, and who's this? This is your 19-year-old girlfriend Sandy? Great." "Mum! Dad! Come in, come in, oh it's so good to see you!" Hermione shut the door with a sigh of relief, leaning against it for a moment. She had made it through greetings, thank god. Now all she had to do was make it through the evening. Really the biggest hurdle was Ron, who barely was interested in his children and way too interested in PDA with his ridiculously young and perky girlfriend. Astoria was a stiff cow too, her snide remarks and insults always wore Hermione's patience thin, as did her father in law's disapproval. Everyone else was fine, even Harry whom she had managed to remain best friends with despite his continuing support of Ron. Things were awkward during dinner, there was no question. Astoria kept commenting on how thin Scorpius was and hinting nastily that he was underfed because Hugo was eating his portions. Draco had silenced this but Hugo had looked crestfallen and quietly refused any more food throughout the meal. Rose was sullen, dropping hints to her father that she wanted to live with him, much to Hermione's chagrin, not that Ron seemed keen on the idea. The senior Weasleys and Malfoys couldn't even look at each other and Ginny and Harrys kids kept correcting Hermione and Draco's kids every time they called Molly or Arthur their grandparent. Molly treated every baby from Hermione's womb like family and wouldn't hear of the calling her anything else besides grandma, which Hermione was always grateful for as when she left Ron she had feared Molly wouldn't keep an ex daughter in law in her heart, but she had and she was as much a mother to Hermione as her own was. Speaking of, Hermione's parents spent most of the evening looking bewildered and flinching whenever anyone performed magic. After dinner and dessert, the mood was improved by present time. All the children had a wonderful time and most of the adults did too, given the circumstances. Draco had given Hermione a stunning diamond bracelet. She immediately put it on, admiring the glamour on her narrow wrist. Around midnight they bade goodnight to the last of their guests. Hermione and Draco celebrated getting through the evening with champagne and leftover stuffing while cuddling on the couch. Their children were busy playing with their new toys ad gadgets on the floor around them. It was the part of that Christmas they'd cherish forever, that happiness and warmth of that moment invaluable. Around 2am they started herding them upstairs. Hermione began her round of goodnights tiredly, her feet sore from cooking and cleaning all day, her baby belly heavy for her small frame. Draco had gone around ahead of her so that he could go downstairs and make sure everything was turned off and lock up. Hermione started with Thomas, brushing his little teeth, and changing him into his fluffy winter pyjamas and tucking him into his cot lovingly, the little guy so exhausted he didn't even cry like he usually would. She switched his monitor on as she left, pulling the door shut quietly behind her. Next was Jeffrey, he had gotten himself into his pjs, they mismatched and were buttoned wrong but he was super proud so Hermione high fived him for his efforts and tucked him into his bed, pulling his special pink blanky up around him as he snuggled down. "Night baby." She whispered, kissing his soft forehead. Across from his room was Julius, he was already in bed, all his new gadgets with him and his new Nikes on his feet beneath the duvet. Hermione chuckled, sitting beside him, and tickling him affectionately. "You can't sleep with all this buddy, what if you sleep on it and it breaks?" She scolded gently, removing all the tech from his bed and storing it on his bedside table. "At least let me keep the shoes?" He asked hopefully, flashing her that adorable grin. "Okay just the shoes." She relented kissing his hair, despite his protest and left, turning out his light and whispering her love as she shut the door. In Ariana's room, she had to dig through a pile of soft toys to find her daughter, who greeted her with cuddles and kisses and didn't want her to go. "Come on Ari, if we don't sleep, we can't play with all your toys in the morning." She said desperately, trying to escae her daughters embrace. "Okay, but only if you