Ok – I own nothing of course, apart from the words. All characters now belong to Peter Jackson probably…This is all done for fun and not profit. Yada yada yada… Right then, this story was written about 4 or 5 years ago. Around the time that The Two Towers came out and I was in the midst of my Legolas/Orlando Bloom fixation. I wasn't going to put this story on here but you guys seemed to like 'Blood of the Fellowship' so I thought you might like this one too. Enjoy! --- Hope By Supernoodle --- The forest was quite and calm as the fellowship trudged forwards on heavy legs. All silent, lost in their own thoughts save Gimli who chatted on about nothing in particular. Aragorn had opened his mouth to tell him to be quiet on several occasions, but had fallen silent every time. They all had their own, different ways of dealing with their grief and Gimli's happened to be by talking. The Hobbits had wept for hours, their little hearts breaking, especially poor little Pippin. And the grief that he had seen in Frodo's eyes had frightened him. But now they walked in exhausted silence beside Boromir, whose battle hardened heart gave nothing away. Looking ahead, Aragorn watched Legolas as he lead their party through the trees. The Elf was silent too, his jaw set, his watchful eyes never leaving the path ahead, but the Man had seen his face as they stood atop Moria. He had looked into the Elf's pale eyes and seen such a look of confusion, of utter broken hearted despair; it had almost wrung tears from his own eyes. Elves could never truly understand death. Aragorn knew that their own immortality made it impossible. Legolas was well over a thousand years old and had brought a swift, unflinching end to countless enemies, but he had never lost friends, never lost family. Grief was new to the Elf, a fresh, unexpected stab of agony in his heart, and how suffered. Suddenly, a sharp stabbing pain in the back of his own neck snapped the Man from his thoughts. 'The Dwarf speaks so loudly we could have shot him in the dark.' Said a smooth, commanding voice from beside his ear. And looking around, Aragorn saw Elves all around, arrows drawn on the throats of them all, including Legolas. Drawing Frodo close to him, feeling the Hobbit trembling beneath his hands, Aragorn looked up into the face of the Elf who had spoken and smiled with relief. It was Haldir, guard of Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn. They had reached their destination at last. Standing on the borders of Lothlorien, Legolas watched as Aragorn argued with the fair Elf who had introduced himself as Haldir. They spoke in Elvish so as to not worry the others of their fellowship, so much depended on them seeing the Lady of Light and to be refused entry now would be a great and terrible blow. Haldir however, did not want to allow them in, no matter how Aragorn pleaded and argued their case. Eventually, Legolas could stand by no longer and he stepped up beside the Man. Aragorn looked at Legolas and gestured for him to step down, but the Elf was in no mood to be given orders. After what they had all been through, after all the suffering, he would not let Haldir prevent them from having audience with Galadriel. 'You know what we carry with us, Haldir of Lorien. You know we are not safe... You must allow us to see Galadriel. The fate of Middle Earth depends on your Lady's help.' Legolas told the Elf. 'I am aware of the great evil that you would bring into Lorien, my young Prince of Mirkwood. And knowing that, how can I let you pass?' Haldir replied, peering down at Legolas with his curious pale eyes. He had been to Mirkwood and visited with King Thranduil, yet he had not met with Legolas before. The fair young Prince seemed impulsive, impudent even, but there was something within his eyes. Some terrible pain resided within the young Elf, eating away at his heart, and Haldir wished to know what could have happened to cause such suffering. Legolas shook his head, frustration and anger rising inside him. He knew that Haldir was following orders, it was unheard of anyone being allowed into the forests of Lothlorien, especially a Dwarf, but Haldir also knew that this was no idle request and yet he resisted them still. 'More evil would follow close behind if you do not allow us in, Haldir.' Legolas cried. 'Evil you will not be able to turn away with mere words!' Haldir frowned, knowing that he had no choice other than to let them pass. Legolas had spoken in truth, he knew that deep within his heart and although it was against his orders, the Elf would grant them entry into his home. The fellowship of the ring would be allowed into Lothlorien against his better judgement. 'Very well Aragorn, son of Arathorn,' the Elf sighed, turning back to the man. 'You may visit with my Lady Galadriel. Follow me.' Lothlorien was more beautiful than any of the fellowship could ever have imagined and the fellowship was greeted by Lord Celeborn and the Lady Galadriel in a great chamber high in the trees. Within the peaceful glow of their regard, they all felt the horrors of their journey begin to fade. Haldir watched the Lady Galadriel's lips move with words of welcome for the group, while her voice murmured intimately to him within his head as he knew it did to all in her presence. 'You should not have brought the fellowship into Lothlorien, Haldir. They have brought great Evil here.' The liquid voice said to him. 'You knew this, yet you brought them into my prescience anyway.' 'Yes my lady, but how could I refuse them. They have all suffered so much.' Haldir thought back, keeping his eyes respectfully to the floor. Galadriel was looking fondly upon Frodo as she addressed the group, but the words in Haldir's head continued. 'Why is it you care so much for his welfare? In undertaking this quest, he has agreed to place himself in harm's way without complaint. Yet you find yourself willing to sacrifice my trust to assuage his pain.' Haldir frowned. 'Who, my Lady?' Galadriel's gaze turned to Gimli, then to Legolas whose eyes also remained cast respectfully to the floor. 'You know of whom I speak, Haldir... Do not be foolish and try to hide your thoughts from me. They are all suffering, they are all in great pain yet it is Legolas' that strikes your heart.' Haldir looked up. 'I am worried for him, my Lady. I can feel my fair cousin's grief and it is terrible for me to behold. I fear that it is too much for him to bear. I would help him if I could.' 'Yes.' Galadriel's liquid voice spoke. 'Yes, Legolas suffers. I would have his grief and pain ended. Legolas is a guardian to the Ring bearer and of vital importance to the path ahead. Do what you can for him, Haldir for I have other matters to attend to. The ring could be the end of us all.' 'I am sorry, my Lady. I tried, but I had not the heart to turn them away.' Haldir though back to her, and was rewarded with a smile from her fair lips. 'You have done the right thing, my brave one.' Galadriel told him. And then her voice was gone. 'Rest now, my little friends.' Aragorn told the Hobbits as they were shown to their chambers. Soft bedding, water to clean themselves and food had all been set out for them. It had been a long time since they had been offered such luxuries and they all fell into their beds, exhausted. Merry and Pippin were the first of the group to wake and when the others woke too, the Hobbits had already made themselves a feast of the Elven delicacies that had been brought to them. Frodo and Sam soon joined them and although their hearts remained full of grief and weariness, the wonder of Lothlorien infused all of the company with a wondrous feeling of peace and calm. Only Boromir, Aragorn noted, seemed uneasy and he suspected that he had partaken in an inner dialogue with the Lady of Light, as had the rest of them, and had not liked what he had heard. Troubled indeed was Boromir, struggling to do what was right despite his pride and forbidden desires. Aragorn knew this and admired the Man of Gondor for the strength he had shown so far, yet trust him fully he could not. Suddenly, a great snore snapped Aragorn from his thoughts. Gimli was still sound asleep and he slapped the Dwarf across the feet to wake him. 'What is it lad?' The Dwarf yelled, sitting up and looking around blearily. 'Nothing.' Aragorn replied, smiling to himself. 'But if you want to eat, I suggest you eat now before the Hobbits finish everything off.' Gimli climbed from his bed and made his way to the food as Boromir and Aragorn joined in the feast. So long they had been without such fare and they ate slowly, enjoying every mouthful. And as the company sat, a beautiful singing began in the trees that surrounded them. Aragorn put down his food, listening to the liquid voices echo around the forest and his eyes turned to Legolas who stood outside their chambers. He had been given fine garments, as had the rest of them, but never had Aragorn seen the Elf look more fair. He was dressed in a silver tunic, trimmed with fine silver clasps shaped like the leaves of the great trees that surrounded them. Cleaned of the dirt and grime of Moria, his silken hair untangled and delicately braided, Legolas had his face turned to the sky, his eyes closed and he rocked gently from side to side as the Elven voices ebbed and flowed around him. 'A lament for Gandalf.' Legolas said in a hushed voice, as if hearing the group's silent question. 'What do they sing?' Samwise asked. Legolas sighed and opened his eyes, peering around him as the Elven voices filled the forest with their strange and beautiful music. 'I haven't the heart to tell you.' He told the Hobbit quietly. 'For me the grief is still too near.' And looking away from his companions, Legolas turned and walked away so that they would not see the tears that had begun to fall from his eyes. Haldir watched silently for what seemed like an eternity as Legolas sat alone beneath the ancient oak. Waiting patiently until the Mirkwood Elf's composure had returned to him. He knew Legolas to be a fierce warrior, battle hardened and fearless, and was unwilling to intrude on his pain, yet Haldir wanted desperately to ease it if he could. Eventually, he made his presence known to Legolas and slowly made his way over to his grief stricken brethren. 'Who is there?' Legolas stammered, surprised by the appearance of the Lorien Elf. And wiping the tears from his cheeks with the back of his hand, he scrambled to his feet. 'Well met, Legolas of Mirkwood.' Haldir said gently, bowing respectfully before the Prince. Noting how pale Legolas looked, how drawn his fair features were. 'How do you like our fair realm?' 'Well met Haldir of Lorien.' Legolas replied, returning the bow. And looking away he sighed heavily. 'Would I have had the chance to visit Lothlorien in happier times. Long have I wished to cast my eyes on the beauty of your home.' Haldir nodded. How he would have like that too. 'Maybe when your journey is ended, fair cousin. Maybe you would return to us and the realm of Lothlorien would be yours to share with us.'