Blood of the Fellowship. The forest was too quiet, Legolas had thought to himself just before the ambush. The birds had ceased to sing and no animals were to be seen. A bad sign. The Elf had been about to mention his misgivings about the path that the three of them, what was left of the fellowship, were following but he never had the chance. The Orcs had been laying in wait for them, cunningly hidden from even the Elf's keen eyesight. Unseen until it was too late. An arrow flew past Gimli's head, a bare inch from the Dwarf's skull. Followed by three more aimed at Aragorn. Legolas dropped to his knee, arrows drawn and ready to fire on the still unseen enemy, then all hell broke lose as nearly two dozen Orcs came swarming through the darkness. Aragorn drew his sword and beheaded three of the foul creatures in a single stroke, Gimli's axe dismembered another three shortly after and Legolas fired arrow after arrow into the midst of the monsters, dropping them in quick succession. Then taking out his long silver knives, he cut down more Orcs, their black blood spattering him as he fought. However, distracted by trying to protect his companions, he never saw the Orc creep up behind him. Again unseen until it was too late. The Orc's filthy, rusted axe found its mark, smashing into Legolas' thigh, ripping through pale flesh and shattering the Elf's femur. A gout of blood poured from the wound and spilled to the leaf strewn ground and he dropped his weapons. Legolas cried out in agony and hot fury, ripping the axe from his body and hurling at back at the creature that had wounded him so terribly with all his considerable force. The axe again found its mark, burying itself into the Orc's skull, dropping the foul thing to the grass like a stone. It twitched and writhed for a moment, black blood gushing out of it like some sort of tainted fountain, then it was still. 'Accursed beasts...' Legolas muttered in Elvish under his breath, looking down at the wound. Not quite registering that it was his own blood that was pouring from him, spilling onto the floor of the forest. 'Legolas!' Aragorn yelled, slicing the last remaining Orc almost in half. The Elf was beginning to waver on his one good foot and he looked up at the Ranger, his pale skin almost white and his dark blue eyes filled with distress. 'Alas my friend, I think they have ended me...' He gasped softly in Elvish, then crumpled heavily to the forest floor. 'No, Legolas. No!' Aragorn yelled, running over to his fallen companion. Gimli followed close behind and they both knelt down next to him. Aragorn scooping him into his arms, brushing the soft pale braids of hair from the Elf's face. 'Is he... Is he still living?' Gimli asked the Ranger quietly. Desperately seeking signs of life on his friend's face. 'Be silent one minute. ' Aragorn answered harshly, and leant over, placing his ear next too the Elf's pale lips. Feeling nothing at first, then the slightest exhalation of breath brush his face. 'Oh thank the stars.' 'Aragorn?' Gimli asked desperately. And the Ranger looked up and smiled at the Dwarf. 'Our friend lives.' He told him, smiling with relief. 'Legolas still lives.' And as if hearing his name, the Elf's eyes fluttered open. He seemed disorientated for a moment, frightened and Aragorn felt the Elf's lean body tense up in his arms. His eyes peered skywards, his fine brow creased in pain and his breath came in short, sharp gasps. Then he found Aragorn's eyes and seemed to calm a little. 'A lucky blow for the Orc, not so lucky for me...' He said quietly in his native tongue and forced a tiny, hurt smile. But both the Man and the Dwarf could see the tears threatening to spill from the side of his eyes and knew that the pain Legolas was in must be to the very limit of Elvish endurance. 'Lie still my friend. I will help you all I can, but it is a bad wound you have suffered. You are in dire need of your own people.' Aragorn told him. 'But there are no Elves around these parts!' Gimli said. Shaking his head in confusion. 'And we need to leave this place.' 'Yes we do...' Aragorn agreed. 'But first I must try to dress the wound, lest he bleed to death. Go fetch me the leaves of the Marigold plant, bark of Willow tree and some straight branches. Go now Dwarf, hurry.' Gimli nodded and disappeared into the forest at a trot. Legolas closed his eyes and sighed heavily. 'You must leave me. I cannot go on Aragorn, and you cannot stay. I fear our fellowship is broken once more...' Aragorn shook his head, feeling the Elf's body shake in his arms. 'I will not leave you my friend. I will not leave you to perish at the hands of Orcs.' He could only shudder at the thought of what those foul creatures would do to the beautiful Elf if they returned and found him helpless and in agony and alone. The thought sickened his stomach. 'Our fellowship will remain together. I will not lose you as I lost Gandalf... As I lost Boromir. It will not happen again.' 'But the Halflings?' Legolas whispered. Strength leaving his body with every second that went by. Aragorn smiled to himself in admiration of the Elf's bravery and selflessness. Even though terribly injured, Legolas was still thinking of their mission, thinking of Merry and Pippin. No wonder the Elvish race was such a powerful one, and looking at the noble Elf, his thoughts suddenly turned to Arwen. Beauty and bravery, strength and softness mingled together so flawlessly. 'We will save the Hobbits from their fate... The three of us will. Now lie still Legolas. This is going to hurt.' The Ranger told him. And he gently lowered the Elf to the forest floor. Removing the cloak from his own back, Aragorn began to tear long strips from the fabric, then he wound several of the strips together to form a small rope and tied it around the top of Legolas' blood drenched thigh, then he pulled it as tight as he could. Legolas bit into his lip, trying not to cry out and failing. 'I am sorry, my friend. I have to stop the bleeding.' The Ranger told the Elf. Worry furrowing his brow. The wound was hideous. The blade of the battle axe had been filthy with old blood and mud and rust and god knows what else, and its serrated edge had ripped wide open the pale flesh of Legolas' thigh. Splinters of bone glinted white amongst the gore of the wound, and Aragorn's stomach rolled with sickness. The Elves were a strong, resilient race despite their deceptively delicate appearance. They were immortal and fierce warriors but so many had been lost in battle. So many had perished in the fight against Sauron. There was no way he was going to let another Elf be lost to the Orcs. There was no way he was going to lose another friend. And he prayed silently that Legolas was a strong as he suspected him to be. A moment later, Gimli returned from the forest. Dropping the leaves and branches he had gathered before Aragorn, the Dwarf knelt next to Legolas. Smiling with relief to see the Elf was still with them. 'You are stronger than you look, Elf!' He told him. Legolas turned his dark blue eyes towards the Dwarf and Gimli saw tears slip from them, leaving a glistening trail down the Elf's pale cheeks. 'I do not feel very strong...' He gasped. Gimli shook his head and lowering his eyes he took Legolas' hand in his own. It looked so fragile and delicate against his own thick, rough, dirt covered hands but he knew that despite it's appearance, the hand he held was ancient, many ceturies older than he was, and it had spilled the blood of countless foe. The Elves were strong, but just how strong could they be? 'Do not fret, Legolas. Aragorn will patch you up in no time. We will be on our way to Mordor before you know it. Now lay still.' The Dwarf said quietly. Legolas sighed heavily and lay back against the soft grass and fallen leaves while Aragorn began his work. Lighting a tiny fire beside the Elf, Aragorn sorted through their packs and found a small cup into which he poured some water from his water skin and when the water began to boil he placed several strips of the Willow bark into the cup and removed it from the heat. Then while that was cooling, he boiled up some fresh hot water in a metal cooking pan and placed some of the marigold leaves into the pan. By this time, the small cup had cooled a little and he held it out for Gimli to take. 'Help him drink this, it will ease his pain.' The Ranger told him. Gimli nodded and took the cup. Legolas had closed his eyes and was whispering something barely audible in Elvish under his breath but when Gimli lay a hand gently on his forehead; the Elf opened his eyes and looked at the Dwarf. 'Take this my friend. It will help with the pain.' Gimli told him and gently lifted Legolas' head onto his lap, holding the cup to his dry lips so he could sip at the brownish liquid that Aragorn had prepared. The Elf managed half the cup, but even with Gimli's gentle encouragements he could drink no more and he closed his eyes again. 'Try to keep him awake, Gimli.' Aragorn told the Dwarf softly as he pulled a small dagger from his tunic and began to slice the finely woven leggings away from the wound. 'If he becomes unconscious, he may never wake again.' Then the Ranger picked up the hot water and held it above Legolas' injured thigh. 'You might need to hold him down while I do this. It's going to hurt.' Gimli put his short arms around Legolas, holding him tightly in his lap and the Elf took his hand in his, biting down on his bottom lip and drawing blood. His eyes remained wide open and he watched the Ranger as he began to clean the wound with the hot water he had prepared. Gimli felt the slight body in his arms become rigid with pain and the Elf gripped his hand fiercely, but not one sound passed Legolas' lips until Aragorn attempted to splint the shattered bone. Then a terrible scream of agony loosed itself from the Elf's lips. Gimli held Legolas tightly, struggling to keep him down but the Elf, like the rest of his people, was deceptively strong despite his slight frame and particularly good at freeing himself from bindings. Aragorn, seeing Gimli struggle, leant over the Elf and placed his hands on his powerful Archer's shoulders, trying to keep him still. He had lost enough blood already. 'Legolas! Look at me!' Aragorn yelled and peered into his friend's face. His normally pale skin was now as white as the snow on the mountains above them, but a blush of high colour had appeared on his cheeks and his dark blue eyes flashed wildly in the firelight. A sheen of sweat covered his delicate features and the Ranger could clearly see he was out of his mind with agony. If he broke free from them, all would be lost. He would kill himself in an effort to escape. 'Hold still, Crazy Elf!' Gimli cried, holding Legolas around the neck and Aragorn held his arms down to his chest with all his weight, desperately trying not to injure him any more, but still with enough force to hold him still.