Disclaimers: J.K. Rowling is amazing woman who deserves all the rights to her characters and places. The original ones are my creations so please respect that Warnings: In this chapter there is pedophilia, torture and bloodshed mentions, but no details. In later chapters there will be sex, rape, abuse, blood, torture in more detail and very dark themes. A/N: I have a thing for death eaters and the Dark Lord as a political figure in early days, I also think that making so much damage he needed alliance with others. I also have had this character in my mind for so long, but getting her on paper took so much time. This is going to be trilogy so the first part takes place in 1970's to late 1980's and focuses around the first rising of dark lord and how my own character influenced that. I am also in search for Beta so pm me if you are interested. English is not my native language so I'm sorry if there are mistakes. They are dancing -Overlure Prologue 1972 In middle of Murmansk woods, under the heavy snow was a lonely castle. It scared an away it lookers. It was unusual to someone looking at the castle, others than people living there. But every now and then some poor soul would get lost and wonder to forbidden lands feeling so unease and just wanting to run as far as they could. It was really rear to even to be invited there, but those who were welcomed saw the whole place in way different light. Castle suited in black, mirrored in darkness was surrounded by most beautiful gardens and other smaller buildings, stables, houses for staff. It was not a beautiful castle in any chance, but it was no ugly either. More like massive, proud and grand. Acres had guards standing like statues near the forest, like seeing and hearing everything there was. No need to go closer before absolutely necessary. You could see other kind of guards between the trees. Yellow eyes staring and ready to attack, sometimes just walking with four feets straight to foyer. There was always someone in there, opening the doors; you couldn't pas without permission to leave. Castle had lots of servants, human ones; house-elves were no good. Too dirty, difficult and common. The castle had three owners. Dutch, the ruler of Russian independent army or you could even say a dictator, Nikolai Korkova. His wife Lady Beatrice, she was a brit a parlor ass kisser, her job was to be quit as possible, look beautiful and just stand there. They had a daughter an heiress, also known as a Duchess Anastasia. Most precious jewel he could ever have. After she was born the Dutch would not touch his wife, they would sleep in different champers and treated each other as a business agreement. Even being ruthless and evil, dark as they could be, Russians loved their Dutch. He was a fair ruler but excepted a lot. His soldiers needed to do the best and only the best, they trained every minute when they had no assignments. Anastasia other hand, had even more expected of her, she was a political expert for her father and was waited to be the next in line. She needed to be everything that women needed to be outside, but she also needed to be most powerful, most devious and most cunning person there was. She had already shown her father that she was more than cable to do all that. She was handling some things on her own and was only one her father would trust. Most feared her and for reason, but she would not raise her wand till absolutely last. Her guards and the canis lupus guard would do it first. She still was a very good dueler and a curser. Around four years old Anastasia had run away to the forest. It had taken hours to Dutch himself find the girl and when he did it was not a sight he had in mind. She was sleeping middle of wolves; they were treating her like a puppy, liking her wounds and crawling when Dutch approached them. It took years for them to understand in some level the events, not fully. It also took time to Dutch find out why his daughter had run away, and it wasn't pretty. He and some of his men had tortured the responsible disgusting man for weeks. Anastasia was loved by many of his father's soldiers and they were more than happy to tear the man, called Alexis Hert, apart. The girl, Anastasia smiled the most cruelly of them as the Alexis first lost his limbs and organs one by one. That was the first that wolves come to acres of castle, they rounded themselves around and watched the young Duchesses every move. Protecting her, listening' her and treating her like a queen. They had instincts that made them act this way, but it was so much more. Every time Anastasia met a new wolf or even a werewolf she could impact what they did. That was what changed the way how Dutch acted around his wife. When they first married, he was sure that he would need a son, but the gift Anastasia had, made Nikolai forget the original path. He didn't want a son or any other children. All of his focus was on his precious, perfect daughter. He started to take the girl everywhere he went as a Dutch or as a Dictator. He prepared her, paid many tutors to training her. It didn't take long to everyone under Dutch's influents to know her, and Anastasia loved it. They called her Duchess of wolves, the girl who danced with them. It made Russia fear the Independent army even more and it gave more trusts to them know how Dutch had all the power to protect them. Of course there were people and small rebel organizesion that was against them. Muggle lovers, those who wanted destroy the traditions and create new ministry. The independent army controlled mostly everything, the Russian magic ministry worked basically for them. They believed that they had no chance without them. There were no political parties, just ministry and it workers. RIA was created almost twenty years ago and Dutch Korkova had always been the ruler. Few Dark lord came up and tried to do their thing, but it never lasted long and they definitely did not live long. It was confidient to have everyone owe you or thing you as some kind of God figure. Of course it had lots of work in it, but who would just want to sit home and talk to their not so smart wife. Murmansk castle Anastasia petted his favorite's fur in loving way and sitted in very civilized way on antic chair. Her mother, Lady Beatrice readed some nonsense aloud, women magazine or something like that and tried to talk to her daughter. Anastasia just wasn't on to mood to pretend that she and her mother were on same page, well about anything. She did love her mother; of course, she was her mother after all. She just had no respect for the woman. Lady Beatrice was very British, who could just sit for hours and drink tea, gossiping with another worthless wives. Some women just were better to stay home, make children and support they husbands. Her mother wasn't a baby maker and she was too stupid or too English to really know how to support the Dutch. She went to parties and looked good next to her husband, it was important to make a picture perfect everything outside. Anastasia had always had some problems to understand why his father had even married an English woman who didn't know anything about Slavic paganism or Russian culture. Sure she was from a proper family and all, but there were many proper families in their loved mother Russian. Anastasia waked from the thoughts as one their servant came in with tray full of tea (again) and all kinds of pastries. Her mother was all smiley and gave a flirtiest smile as thanks for old servant, Anastasia again lifted her cold, violet eyes to her and spoke out loud. "Spasibo, Nasha", her voice matched her eyes, it sounded careless and everything else than gratitude. The servant, Nasha did still know that the Duchess was grateful, even thought Nasha had been in the house even before she was born. So she could notice this and that from her ladies action that other people had trouble seeing. Someone could even say that Nasha was the one who raised Anastasia, but it wasn't proper to say that. Being a grower you needed to be a parent, sometimes a nanny or governess. In real world, Nasha was only an old servant, whose parents and grandparents had been servants for Korkovas. Anastasia had gotten her part from nannies, mostly they were diaper changers thought, someone who would supervise her games. Governess other hand had been the ones to keep the disabled since she was nine. They teached her how to speak perfect Latin and other languages, how to act proper and mask her feelings. After that she started her schooling in Moscow Institute, private magic school, where you could only go invited and passing multiply tests. For every year there were only around ten students and many more subjects than any other school. Much harder also, you needed to past test every year to continue your studies or you would have been simply kicked out. "Anna –dear, listen to this!" Lady Beatrice shrieked "The ministry has their hands full to try keep pureblood propaganda out of papers. They were telling rumors about rising Dark Lord, Voldemort who has been said to be more powerful than Grindelwalt (Who headmaster of Hogwarts, Professor Albus Dumbledore defeated). It is believed to have everything to do with new movement called death eaters. For now there has been no big violence or riots, it has mostly been political. Unsurely we can still say, that Dark Lord is responsible for deaths and disappearing of muggles in London district. English magic ministry is a frayed, that soon there will be more riots and bloodshed that they can handle, what is going to crumble misteris popularity. Ministry is warning people to stay away from death eaters and threats to lock up everyone joining the movement to Azkaban Island, Greenland. Minister himself is also very confident to get help from other magic districts, to the upcoming war against dark. First newly named Minister Fudge is going to personally contact French, Germany and Russia." Anastasia couldn't help but laugh, this ministers sounded always so silly and pointless. "You think that they are actually contacting our Minister? I hope not. I really don't understand that country of yours, I would say that Darks Lord, whatever, could only make things somewhat right. The whole country needs a deep cleaning, fucking muggle lover. It's ridiculous to not being able to practice own religion, being illegal and all. "Oh, come on. There are so many good things in there, dear. And when it comes to Ministry, it's not like they would do anything, just giving all the responsibility to your father, like they should." Like always Lady Beatrice showed how much she loved her country, she was more than proud where she came from, and let it show in every sentence. Her way of speaking also was full on fake smiles and over cheery comments. Fucking English was all Anastasia could think about. "You will hear soon if they contact anyway. It's not like your father leaves you out of his business" They would just continue whatever they were doing. Anastasia in her antic chair with some book and Lady Beatrice with her silly magazines, giggling once in awhile and enjoying macaroons that Nasha brought more every now and then. Thanks the wonders of magic, Lady Beatrice would not gain