A/N: I'm back with a new story, another novel. It will not be nearly as long or as complicated as Spur of the Moment but I think that's okay. I don't think I have time for another 75 chapter story that takes another two years. Lol. I will be doing the sequel to Spur of the Moment after I am done this story. I wanted to take a break from that world for a bit and do something different. I have been working on this story for some time now and I've wanted to wait longer before posting but I can't. :P I love posting stories and it feels strange to not be doing it. So, here's the newest novel from me. :] Warnings & Details: AU/NO SLASH. This is a Harry/Severus family/guardian/adoption story. There will be no slash at all. There may be mild language and there is some violence. There is mild Dumbledore bashing though not really. He's mostly just really manipulative. There is Ron/Seamus/Draco bashing, if that's what you can call it. Mostly they're just not the good people. There are mentions of child abuse/neglect. There is, what I call, canon characters role change. This just means that those who are good in the books are not necessarily good in this story. Also, characters that may have been major characters in the books may not even be mentioned in this story. There are absolutely NO HORCRUXES. The characters may be OOC though it's mostly just having different characteristics and the fact that this story takes a different perspective. I have to point out that Harry is different. He is not going to be the way he is in the books. He is still curious and can be impulsive but in different ways. He does not jump into dangerous situations without thinking. If he does, it's out of curiosity, not to save the world. He does not have a hero complex in this story. He is not rash. He is stubborn but he is quiet, intelligent, and scared. He is not the Golden Boy and he does not live up to the 'hero of the wizarding world'. Keep this in mind when you are reading because Harry will be OOC but just because I am writing him the way I believe he could have been had he been in Slytherin. Also, the events that happen in the book (Fluffy, Flying lessons, Norbert, etc.) may or may not happen in this story. Some of them will but will happen in different ways with different outcomes. Some will not happen at all. It is just the way I am writing it as I am, once again, going off what I believe Harry may have been like had he been in Slytherin. Thank you and enjoy. Please review. :] "Slytherin!" the Sorting Hat shouted and the Great Hall fell into an even deeper silence. Harry Potter slipped the hat off his head and shuffled to Slytherin table with his head do w n. He felt the eyes of all the other students and the professors boring into him. He sat at the very end of the table and folded his hands in his lap, keeping his eyes on his empty plate. It was dead silent for a long time before McGonagall cleared her throat awkwardly and called up the next first year. He barely heard the rest of the Sorting and felt himself continuously shrinking, wishing he could disappear. "Hi, I'm Dean." Harry jumped violently, nearly falling off the bench at the voice next to him. He hadn't noticed anyone sitting next to him. He looked at the dark skinned boy warily. "Dean Thomas," the boy said again. "Harry," he said quietly. "It's wicked here, isn't it?" Dean said and Harry nodded. "I didn't know I was a wizard until I got my letter." "When did you get it?" Harry asked. "On my birthday. Apparently that's what happens with the first years, they get their letter on their eleventh birthday. After that the letters come in the summer," Dean said. "And you didn't know you were magic?" Dean shook his head. "My parents are Muggles. As far we know, there hasn't been anyone magical in the family but there had to be at some point otherwise I wouldn't be here." "Me too. My relatives are Muggles and never told me. They don't like me much," Harry said. "That's family. You may have to love each other because you're family but that doesn't mean you like each other," Dean said. And that would be true if they did love me just because we're family , Harry thought both bitterly and sadly. It was then that Harry tuned into what Professor Dumbledore was saying. "And the third floor corridor is forbidden. Anyone caught there will be severely punished as it is dangerous in that corridor," the headmaster said and Harry frowned. What could be so dangerous in a school? "Wow, look at all this food," Dean said and Harry realized Dumbledore had stopped speaking and the tables were now laden with food. All the food looked delicious but Harry also felt his stomach cramp painfully at the thought of eating so much and such rich food. It had been quite a while since he had had much to eat. He took some of the lighter foods and managed to spread it across his plate to make it look like he had a lot when he really didn't. He stayed quiet most of the time through dinner, only speaking when Dean talked to him. The dark boy was good at making conversation himself and seemed to not mind Harry's limited involvement. The rest of Slytherin house never said a word to Harry but did continue to shoot him looks all through the meal. He knew everyone else in the Hall was looking at him too. He didn't understand. Why was it such a big deal that he was in Slytherin? Soon dinner was over and dessert had disappeared, and it was now time for bed. Dumbledore dismissed the students, telling the Prefects to bring the first years to their dormitories. Gemma Farley called for the Slytherin first years to follow her down to the dungeons. Harry walked with Dean near the back of the group, looking around the castle in wonder as they went through the Entrance Hall and down several flights of stairs to the dungeons. "Remember the password, kids," Gemma said. "Right now it is 'tourmaline'. It changes every three months. The change will be posted on the billboard in the common room as well as any other announcements so check it every day in case there is anything of great importance to you, Slytherin house, or the school in general." The first years nodded their understanding and followed her into the Slytherin common room. Harry immediately felt at peace. The room was done in different shades of green, in silver, and black. The fireplace was lit though the fire was not very large, just enough to keep the room warm from the chill of the dungeons. A sofa, a loveseat, and three lounge chairs circled the fireplace with a coffee table in the center. There were a couple of tables with chairs in other areas of the room. There were Slytherin flags, banners, and symbols all around the room but it also wasn't overbearing. For Harry, the Slytherin common room was more of a home than anywhere else he had ever been. "Now, you guys wait here. Professor Snape will be here soon to speak to you and tell you about your time at Hogwarts and in Slytherin house," Gemma told them. She stood off to the side just as the common room door opened and Professor Severus Snape swept into the room. "Good evening," Snape said, folding his hands in front of him as he stood before the first years. "Welcome to Slytherin. It is difficult to be Slytherin but that is why you stick together. Professor McGonagall told you that your house is like your family but in Slytherin, your house is your family. The other houses will be against you so there is no reason to be against each other. Understand?" "Yes, Professor," the first years chorused. "Good. Now, you will find that I am much stricter with my house than the other Heads are with their houses. It is mandatory for all first years to go through a full physical exam with Madam Pomfrey. The day you are scheduled for your exam will be posted on the board. There is also a bedtime for all students in this house. On school nights, you are to be in bed with the lights out no later than nine-thirty. On weekends, it is ten-thirty. "Two to three nights a week, I spend at least two hours here to help with homework, answer any questions, and help with anything you may need help with. I also have office hours which are posted on the board. I am always open to help you. You are to keep your dorms clean. There are, of course, house elves in the castle but they are not your slaves. Keep your dorms clean and orderly. "Finally, do not fight outside these walls. We have enough problems with fighting with the other houses. Any fights are to be done within the common room and resolved as quickly as possible." "Yes, Professor," they said again. "Good. You will receive your class schedule at breakfast. Sleep well," Snape said and left the common room. "All right," Gemma said, "first year dorms are through that door." She pointed to a plain wooden door next to a Slytherin banner. "There are two to a dorm. Your names are on the doors and your belongings are already here. I hope you can get along with your roommate because it cannot be changed. If you need help in the night, the Prefects and Head Boy and Girl are through that door over there." She pointed to a door near the fireplace. When they nodded, she smiled and bid them good night. The first years rushed through the door to find their dorms. Harry walked slowly behind everyone else with Dean, searching for his room. "Look, Harry," Dean said, pointing at the sixth door on the right. "We're roommates." Harry smiled. At least he was with someone nice. "Let's go to sleep. I'm tired." Dean nodded and they walked into their dorm. Like the common room, the door was green and silver. The two four poster beds were directly across from each other on either side of the room, and their curtains were green. The pillows were white and black while the blankets were green with silver threaded through them. The comforters looked extremely warm and comfortable. Harry couldn't wait to sink into the bed. There was also a small fireplace on the far wall with a small mantle, its flames flickering. "This is a really nice room," Dean said and Harry nodded. "So what do you think about Professor Snape?" "He can definitely be strict and harsh, but he seems to care a lot about Slytherin house," Harry said. "I think he's okay. We'll see what he's like in class. I wonder what he teaches." "Potions," Dean said. "I did a little reading on the train just so I would know a few things. It's a whole other world to learn about." "It's kind of scary," Harry said. "Yeah," Dean agreed. "Suppose we should get ready and go to sleep." "You go first. I'll change out here," Harry said. Dean smiled. "Thanks. I won't be long." He took some things from his trunk and disappeared into the bathroom. Harry waited until he heard Dean shuffling around before pulling off his robes and uniform. Scars were illuminated by the fire and fresh wounds crisscrossed his back as they slowly healed. He quickly pulled his ratty pajamas on so Dean wouldn't see. He sat on