Disclaimer: I do not own twilight. I do not own Edward. Both are Property of SM. The title 45 is the name of a song by Shinedown, wich was the inspiration for this story. Warning: This story contains language and content that is not appropriate for people under the age of eighteen. Honestly, some things may not be appropriate for people of any age but if you are at least Eighteen then you may proceed. Please to anyone old enough, drink responsibly and never alone. A/N: As of 1-17-17 I have edited this story. I do not have plans to add more but I have had people asking about Bella's side. I might add a small something on her side but first I want to clean up my other stories. Thank you and Enjoy. Summary: He was in love with the girl of his dreams. He knew that they were going to spend their lives together. That was until he heard her in the throws of passion with another man. What he does next breaks everyone's heart. -o-0-o-O-o-0-o-O-o-0-o- What ever happened to the young man's heart. Swallowed by pain as he slowly fell apart. -o-0-o-O-o-0-o-O-o-0-o- Edward was not the most romantic of men. He knew this but on a few occasions, he believed that he had gone above and beyond. This was one of those times. He had planned on surprising his girlfriend of two years with an engagement ring. He had made her dinner (spaghetti was the only thing he knew how to cook besides breakfast). He had bought candles and he was going to have a romantic dinner at his apartment and shower her with all the love he could. He had bought the ring two months prior and had been carrying it around waiting for the right moment to ask. Then he decided that instead of waiting for the right moment he would make it. He was on his way to pick her up from her apartment. He had wanted everything to be a surprise so he had not told her much about what their plans were for the evening. He had only asked her to be ready by eight and that he wanted to take her out some place nice. He was walking up to her door about forty-five minutes early because he just couldn't sit around and wait. He was about to knock when he heard some noise. He leaned into the door to hear better. What he heard broke his heart into billions of little pieces. He could hear her moaning as some man continued to tell her to ride him faster. He stood there for a full minute just listening to them as they yelled and moaned in pleasure. She had never been that enthusiastic when they had made love. It had always been sweet, kind and caring. His mind flashed through all the time they had spent together and everything she had ever said and done. Nothing he could remember pointed to this happening. His body moved slowly as he had grabbed the handle to the door. He wanted to go in there and kill the guy for touching his girl then yell at her for hurting him in the worst way possible. He removed his hand from the door and walked away. The pain in his chest radiated all over his body slowly but surely consuming him. He stumbled as he made it to the elevator. He didn't want to feel this pain he didn't want to feel anything. He pushed the pain aside and the numbness took over. He felt nothing, he thought nothing. He was just the shell of the man that had existed a mere ten minutes before. Finally, he made it out of her building and back into his car. He began to drive towards his apartment but decided to stop at the liquor store first. He grabbed about ten bottles of any kind of whatever that was on the shelves. Once home he took his purchase up to his room. He went into his closet and retrieved two boxes. He sat on the floor of his room and began to drink. He opened the first box and pulled out .45 caliber pistol and placed it beside him. He opened the other box and took out pictures and momentous from the last two years. As he looked at pictures of how happy they had been he began to wonder if it was ever real and if maybe she had been thinking of someone else at the time. He put the pictures down and began to drink more. He was half way through bottle five when he had the urge to pee. He unsteadily picks himself up and made his way to the bathroom. In his inebriated state his aim was far from good and he made a mess in his bathroom. As he went to walk away he slipped in his urine and fell to the floor hitting his arm and breaking it. He laughed humorlessly. He slowly made his way up to his knees and grabbed a bottle of painkillers from the medicine cabinet. He poured a few into his hand and he looked at it with blurry vision then poured out a few more for good measure. He didn't want to feel pain. He didn't want to feel anything. He threw them into his mouth and chased them down with the rest of bottle number five. He sat there on the floor of his bathroom sitting in his own urine thinking about how his life should have been before all the pain went away and everything went black. -o-0-o-O-o-0-o-O-o-0-o- Swimming through the ashes of another life, There is no real reason to accept the way things have changed -o-0-o-O-o-0-o-O-o-0-o- The darkness that consumed Edward slowly began to retreat. He first heard the `thumping of his heart in his chest. He listened to the rhythmic beat to help him focus on waking up. He heard a beeping sound that matched his beating heart. He counted the beats and beeps while he focused. Soon he started to feel the things around him. He could tell he was lying down. He focused on the feeling of the bed on his back. He could feel something holding his hand. He closed his hand around whatever it was. He heard a gasp before he heard the voice of an angel. "Edward, are you awake?" she asked. He closed his hand again. He focused on his eyes and they slowly fluttered open. The bright lights of the room made him shut them quickly. He opened them again slowly letting the light in. When he opened his vision still slightly blurry, he saw the angel that had spoken to him. "Oh my god you really are awake. I was so worried. I'm going to go get a nurse." she smiled at him with tears in her eyes. She placed a small kiss on his lips before she ran out of the room. It took only a second for everything that had happened to him to come crashing down on him. The hurt that had built up consumed him. The woman that had just left his room was no angel she was the devil. She had ripped his heart out of his chest and shattered it yet she could sit beside him and pretend that she had done nothing. His soul darkened as the love he had once felt for her started to turn to hate. He sat up and fell back down. The nurse came in followed by her. His breathing became labored and his heart was erratic. "Whats wrong?" the nurse asked as she tried to keep him sitting. "Get her out of here," he said slowly through his teeth. His dry throat hurt with every word but he needs her out of his sight. It was painful to think of what she had done but to have her right there like she had done nothing was pure torture. The nurse asked her to leave the room then gave Edward some medicine to calm him down. He finally calmed down and laid there staring at the white ceiling. He heard the door open and his eyes flickered down to see who had come in. He saw his sister come in. She sat next to him and held his hand. "You know you scared the shit out of all of us," she said not really looking at him. His sister was one of the strongest people he knew. She had been through a lot in her life and always showed no fear. So when he saw how truly worried she looked he knew it was bad. "Why? What possessed you into doing something so stupid." she paused wiping a tear from her face. "You know that you crashed twice right in front of me. I saw you almost dead. They have you on suicide watch right now. I just don't understand what happened to you, Edward. What happened that made you do this?" He tightened his grip on his sister's hand. "I didn't mean for it to happen. I swear Rose it was a mistake." "How the fuck is trying to kill yourself a mistake Edward?" she said angrily. "I wasn't trying to kill myself. I was angry and hurt. The pain in my heart wouldn't go away. I just wanted to stop the hurt. I just wanted to forget Rose, I just kept hearing her over and over again in my head and I couldn't take it." "So you mean to tell me I almost lost my baby brother because some bitch didn't accept your proposal?" "I never got to ask her. When I got to her apartment I heard her. She was getting fuck by some ass hole. I couldn't deal with it so I left. I went home and got wasted. I'm sorry for scaring you Rose, I didn't mean to, really." Rose looked down at her little brother looking broken and weak. She pressed a kiss to his forehead and made a silent vow to make sure that the Bitch that broke his heart would pay. She left shortly after and promised to sneak him in some real food. When Edward woke up again he found two of his friends sitting by the wall. When they noticed he had woken they moved closer and asked how he was doing. There was a moment where none of them knew what to say. Edward thinking that they were nervous about what to say to him spoke first. "I wasn't trying to kill myself." "We know, Rose told us." they both said. "Then what's with the looks Jazz?" "It's just that she told us what you said and what happened and well we aren't sure if what you think happened really happened." "What the fuck. Are you telling me that you think that I just dreamt this shit up? That I want to feel this mind numbing pain just for shits and giggles." His heart rate accelerated and his breathing became labored. The nurse rushed in and told his friends to leave. She gave him a mild sedative and he relaxed. After that indecent, only his sister and parents were allowed in the room with him. No one talked to him about what had happened. They just smiled and acted as if everything was fine. When the doctor felt that his body had recovered they sent him to the hospital's psychiatrist. After two hours he was given a clean bill of health and was sent home. His parents still unsure of stability took him in to watch over him until he had gotten back into a normal routine and was getting on with his life. -o-0-o-O-o-0-o-O-o-0-o- Everyone's pointing their fingers, Always condemning me, And nobody knows what I believe. -o-0-o-O-o-0-o-O-o-0-o- Edward had spent a month staying with his parents before he had enough and told them he was going home. When