Revised 1-18-17 Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight I just like to pretend I do :) Summary: I Bella Swan have a BIG secret. I can't really tell anyone but I have no idea how I am going to handle this. HELP ME PLEASE Bella's Secret Have you ever had a secret that you prayed to whatever wholly being was out there that it never got out? Well, I have one of those secrets and no I won't tell you what it is because you'll just tell everyone. Really stop asking. Okay fine, I'll tell you but you better not tell anyone. This will sound better if I start at the beginning. About, two years ago I hadn't been very successful in looking for a job, so my friends helped me find, a not so great job, just to help pay the bills until I could find a job I truly wanted. What sucks is that I still haven't found one. I went to school for six years getting my masters in advertising and I couldn't find one job in the field. Not even as a lowly intern (which usually aren't paid). I was stuck working at a lawyer's office as a file clerk. I didn't mind the job, per say, it was honest work that paid well and my best friend worked across the hall in another office. What I hated were the intern lawyers. They thought that just because I was a clerk that I was stupid and deserved to be talked to like a two-year-old. I hated them and made a point to let them know in no uncertain terms. Out of the five interns currently working in this office, four of them took the hint and back off and gave me a little respect (just a little, though). One of them was the biggest ass wipe known to mankind. He went from being rude to just plain nasty after I told him off. Now let me tell you quickly what my job entails. I work under one of the partners of the firm who has two lawyers and five interns working for them. I (all by myself) have to make sure that all the paperwork gets filed away in the right place in the right order. The file also has to be put away first by type of case (like all injury cases go together and all criminal cases go together and so on). I could do this, fuck a monkey can do it. The problem is that once I have everything, where it's supposed to be one of the fucktards I work for, has to mess it up and if I don't fix it right away then it's my fault it's a huge mess. So most days I don't leave the office until way past seven. Usually, I was alone unless there was a huge case to work on. That's where my secret begins. You remember that fuckface asshole intern from hell I was talking about earlier. Yeah well, this part I'm not too happy about so please don't judge me okay, thanks. Okay, so I was working late, as always. I was sitting in the conference room with a mess of files and papers that needed to go in them. I was sorting through them when devil's spawn ass hole intern came barging in. "Have you seen the Monaghan files?" He asked rudely and seemed very agitated, good I thought. "Yeah, there on that end of the table but I have a few papers here that need to go in it." I stood up to get it for him. I honestly wasn't in the mood to fight with him. "Fuck, can't you do your job right and have this done when you're supposed to." he almost yelled as he moved over to get the files from me. "Well, I would if fucktard interns like yourself would put things back when they used them. I have filed some of these papers at least five times." I said while poking his chest. "Your such a fucking high and mighty bitch. You don't see any of the other clerks bitching and moaning about the job they are paid to do, no, You are the only one. You may have everyone else scared of you but not me. I've worked to fucking hard to let a bitch like you fuck with me." "They aren't scared of me Assward they just realized they'd get more out of me asking nicely. You just got your head so far up the bosses ass all you see is shit. I truly feel sorry for you. You're going to be one lonely mother fucker if you keep treating people the way you do." "You don't know shit about me, so don't pretend you do. Your just a fucking loser who couldn't do shit with her life so her friend had to hand her a bone and get her a job here. At least I earned the job I have." his face was right in front of mine and I could feel the breath on my face as he yelled back at me. "Fuck you, you arrogant ass hole. You know shit about me. The only reason I have this job is because I needed to pay my bills. If I didn't need the money I would have held out for the job I work six fucking years to get. So don't stand here and act like your better than me, you sure as fuck aren't" and that's when it happened. I'm not sure who made the first move but one moment we were yelling at each other the next I pressed up against the wall with my legs wrapped around his waist. Are clothes came off quicker than humanly possible. Our hands were all over each other. It didn't take long for him to enter me and fuck the shit out of me against the wall. He lasted long. Longer than I thought possible with the way he was pounding into me. He gave me three big O's before we finished. I think that the whole town heard us as we screamed each other's names. After we were done we got dressed and parted ways. Not a word was said between us. About a week later we had another run in that ended pretty much the same way except that the office was full of people and we were in his office (and we had to be quiet). And that's how it started at first one of us wold pick a fight and then we would find a place and fuck each other like rabid wild animals. This went on for a while, hell sometimes we wouldn't have to say a word. We would just give each other a look and that was it, we would be off to some closet or store room to get off on each other. At one point it got so bad that we actually started to meet outside of work to get off. There were even some instances where we would meet at his place or mine. We never stayed the night at each other's places and we didn't really care, it was all sex and I was fine with that. Now, nobody knows that we have been 'fuck buddies' (for lack of a better word) for well over a year (not even my friends know that). We have kept it pretty tight lipped and the fact that we still bitch and fight all the time probably helps to keep it that way. You're probably thinking that it's not that bad and people do it all the time so get over it and I would but there is more. You see, you know how I said we never slept over it was just fucking, yeah, well there were two instances where that isn't true. Not too far in the past, he had come over to my place for a quick fuck. After we ended up falling asleep. This is normal but he never stayed all night. Except for that first time, I woke up at five-thirty in the morning to get ready for work and he was still there, next to me and with his arm around me. I didn't think anything of it and woke him up so he could go home and change for work. The second time it happened was still at my place and when I woke up with him holding me I knew something was different (for me at least). I actually laid there and looked at him for almost an hour just looking at him. When he slept he looked so peaceful and beautiful. He didn't look angry and he didn't look stressed. It was then that I realized that I was or had already fallen for him. How I have no idea. We had this sick fight and fuck thing going. We never did anything else. I never had a meal with him and we never had a conversation that wasn't about work but it didn't seem to matter. Edward Masen had fucked me. Literally and figuratively. I fell for my 'fuck buddy' and didn't know what to do. I couldn't tell him he would laugh in my face and break my heart. And that's why I don't want anyone to know. I just have no idea how to handle it. Oh and here's the kicker I'm late. No not late for work but late, late as in shit I need to get to the drug store to make sure I'm not going to be nine months late, late. I'm having a shit and I don't know what to do. I know stress isn't good no matter what the outcome but I can't help it. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o- I must have looked troubled because, Angela, another file clerk that works in the office, came up to me. She asked how I was doing. At first, I said I was fine but she didn't buy that so then I just said it. "I'm late" "Well, I'm sure you won't get in trouble." oh sweet naive Angela. "Not that kind of late Angela. I mean my period is late, by five days." "Oh well okay, I see what the problem is. Have you told... the guy yet." "NO, shit if I'm this freaked out he's going to pop a gasket and have a meltdown. This isn't something we planned or even talked about. I don't think this is what he want and I don't know what to do." "Well there is one way to find out and then you can go from there," she said. After that, we went our own ways. Just before I went on my lunch I made a trip to the ladies room. When I wiped myself clean I realized I had gotten my period. It was strange I felt both relieved and sad at the same time. In the lunch room, Angela sought me out. "So are you going to do the test?" "I don't need to I just got my period. It's wired I was so stressed out and worried about it and now that I know that I'm not, I'm happy yet sad about it." Angela smiled. "That just means that you want it just not right now." "I guess I just never really thought about it till now." "Well, we should go out and celebrate after work." "What are you girls celebrating?" I heard Edwards voice. "Bella got her period," she said with a smile. "I see but don't all women get that? I thought you girls hated that time of the month?" he said with a look of confusion on his face. I was about to say something to get off the topic but Angela beat me to it. "Well normally yes but Bella he was late on getting her and was scared of what the outcome would be." "Angela" I screeched she gave me an