PLEASE READ: I do not presume to know all of Tolkien's works, names, or indeed the languages he created. However, since my first viewing of the Fellowship of the Ring nine years ago, I have formed my own version of the story with the "destroy the Ring" storyline, though it has taken me a very long time to put it into words that I can take pride in. Most characters remain the same, some are brought in from far places to participate. Some things may seem unlikely or improbable, but I ask that you have patience and just try to enjoy the story simply for the love of reading's sake. We all critique and have our doubts, but we respect each other because the art of writing is a very complex thing. If you have questions, I would be happy to answer them because the last thing I wish for is for someone to be confused, so I will answer in the best way I can to make things clear, even if that means revealing some of the plot line. Boromir, Haldir, and Grima Wormtongue were always my favorite characters and I wished very early on for them to be given a chance to (possibly?) form a friendship. Some concepts and characteristics still apply while others have to be fiddled with, remodeled, and renewed to create the story that has been brewing in my head for nearly a decade. Thank you for your kindness. Countless ages of searching, hoping, and waiting and at last, it had been found. First news had reached Gondor with an Elven rider on horseback who carried word and request from the Lord Elrond of Rivendell that a host from each of the West countries be present at the meeting in the Elven outpost, which meant that Gondor would have to offer up its sons. Denethor the Steward who had long guarded the throne until the true king claimed it had asked his firstborn Boromir to travel north and take up a position in his stead at the Council while Gondor's newly reclaimed defenses would be overseen by Boromir's younger brother Faramir. With great reluctance to leave his people, Boromir had eventually given in and the day after the rider appeared in Minas Tirith, he set out on horseback. Not four days into the journey he awoke in the dead of night to find his brother sneaking into his small enclosed camp. Enraged, Boromir had ordered him to return to the capital, but Faramir refused, stating that he had left the river city Osgiliath in care of Bereg, a very capable lieutenant. And so the brothers had gone north in each other's company, traveling through the spring and summer months, having almost no trouble besides occasional rain storms. When October had almost passed into history they came upon the hidden dwelling of the Elves, arriving in unison with Elves of different realms, Dwarves, and men. Now as they sat in an almost complete circle around an eloquently carved stone tablet they recalled the names of those around them whom all had been introduced by Lord Elrond himself. The Elven leader had flowing, flawless brown hair set with a silver headpiece that fit around his mid-forehead, but this was not what struck the others as impressive. It was his demeanor, the power he commanded with his very presence. There was an ageless sense of seriousness in his deep blue eyes. His hands were tucked deep into the folds of his robes as he stood tirelessly overlooking the members of the council. Boromir and Faramir had met up with their neighboring country's royal family the day before. King Théoden had come in a rich red outfit trimmed with royal green and a cloak, demonstrating his importance but not seeking it out. He was properly disguised as a traveler, though perhaps the brilliant golden color of his hair was too healthy for a beggar. He had left Rohan under the rule of his son Theodred. His sword sat on the floor at his side between him and his nephew Eomer who had much longer hair, slightly darker in color and a harder look about his young face, for he had been the one to seek out Orcs and other fell beasts in his homeland of Rohan. To Boromir's utter surprise Eomer's sister Eowyn had also journeyed this way, a thing unheard of for women in general, but especially for women of the Court. She was not present now, for Elrond had claimed that the words passed at the Meeting were not fit for a woman's ears, but she would be waiting to hear news from her brother and uncle as soon as it ended. Of the twenty of them gathered, Boromir could not remember every name, though the ones he could recall only came to him because their owners gave off an aura that was not quite normal. Of course he already knew Gandalf the Gray, or as his father and people called him, Mithrandir, the wizened wizard who had visited Minas Tirith many times throughout the years. In the back of Boromir's mind he recalled the stooped old man being present whenever a great change came over the Steward's family; his father told him that Gandalf had seen Boromir's birth as well as Faramir's. Now that Boromir thought properly, he could see the wizard's face sticking out in the crowd at his first victory celebration. Gandalf was present at Boromir and Faramir's triumphs more often than their own father and the only time that he was not had been the last reclaim of Osgiliath. On the wizard's right sat a Halfling, a small being dressed quite humbly who was looking as if he wished nothing more than to sink through his chair and never be seen again under the overpowering feel of the Council. Four Elves were seated on Faramir's right and unlike the men and Dwarves, none of them spoke. Three of them had a similar embroidery design on their traveling cloaks but the fourth was garbed in forest green. He had a rather pointed face, but unlike his kin, his eyes were fixed on the Halfling with either great fear or great interest. Elrond had stated his name to be Haldir, lone host to the Lady Galadriel of Lothlorien. On the other side of the four Dwarves sat three more men, two of similar attire to the common traveler, but the last was a sight the likes of which Boromir had never before seen. His ears were hidden, but Boromir assumed him to be a man, for his hair hung in black curtains around his colorless face. One of his eyes had a slight veil to it, but both were pale blue, almost bright enough to be torches of light in the darkness. His cloth was a black journey piece to his knees where from there patched gray leg wrappings went down to his shoes. There hung an evil-looking gold and black necklace on his breast and the very thing seemed to be sucking the purity and light out of the air. While the Dwarves, Elves, and men leaned away from the man, Gandalf whispered unheard words to him and the man frowned deeper since his face seemed incapable of wearing a smile. His eyes lingered on Boromir for a moment and Boromir felt the sudden need to grasp his sword for protection, though he couldn't say why. The man whose name was Grima Wormtongue was here on Gandalf's invitation as the wizard claimed, but there was just something abnormal about him. The council members were doing their best to ignore him, but one who refused to stop scowling at him was Eomer who was regarding Gandalf's guest as if he were lower scum than the worst of Orcs or Goblins. Noticing his nephew's expression, King Théoden placed one finger on Eomer's arm. "The time to begin this Council is now," began Elrond, spreading his arms wide as a symbol of welcome, "and now I convene it. To satisfy your thirst for the truth, I shall quench it. Strangers from distant lands, friends of old, you have been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor. Middle-Earth stands upon the brink of destruction. None can escape it. Either you will unite or you will fall. Each race is bound to this fate, this one doom. Bring forth the Ring, Frodo." The Halfling rose, making almost no difference from when he had been sitting and ambled forward with his hand reaching into the depths of his pocket. He extended his hand, no bigger than a child's, and placed an object on the stone tablet. As he drew back a collective silence fell over the Council and each of them locked their eyes on the One Ring, a seemingly innocent piece of jewelry. It looked quite ordinary, a regular ring of gold, but somehow it radiated an evil power that Boromir felt working inside of him. He could feel something in his chest pull him an inch or two forward in his seat almost as if he were a fish and the Ring was the fisherman, reeling him towards it on an invisible line. The power in that one piece of gold made a cold shiver run down his nape. As the Hobbit went to sit down, he passed in front of Grima Wormtongue who made an involuntary movement with his hand, flexing his fingers as if to grasp something. His action did not go unnoticed by Eomer who seemed to be waiting for an opportunity to speak out against him. "Does your master command you to claim the Ring, Worm?" "Grima is here on my invitation and I would see him treated with respect, not judged by decisions made for him that he had no control over," said Gandalf firmly. "I give you this one warning, Eomer. Do not let your sense of loyalty to your family and country hinder your ability to befriend a stranger who wishes for peace as much as you." It seemed that Eomer dare not speak out again when Gandalf looked incredibly foreboding. Grima, meanwhile had said nothing or even looked in Eomer's direction, but rather had focused his gaze on the object of interest. "Have no doubt; this is the One Ring, Isildur's Bane, and Sauron's greatest yearning. It has been carried thus far by Frodo Baggins of the Shire so that we may here decide what to do with it." "I believe the question is: what is expected of us to do with it?" added Gandalf, his eyes sweeping through the company at present. "There is no mistaking the great Evil stirring in Mordor now that Sauron knows that his greatest weapon has been found. He will send out legions of enemies to claim it and though it is well hidden from prying eyes, Rivendell is not the place to store the Ring. We cannot allow it to fall into enemy hands or the world will see no more peace, no rest from tyranny. Ask yourselves, what is the obvious explanation for what to do with it?" Elrond nodded his agreement. "You have only one choice; the Ring must be destroyed." "That is quite easy to say, but how is it do be done and by whom?" asked Théoden. "Where was it forged?" posed Elrond. " Sauron created it inside Mount Doom with the fires originating from its depths and it is there that it must be taken, cast down into the abyss just as it should have been done when it was severed from the Dark Lord's hand. It is in the land of Mordor that the Ring must be taken by one willing to face indescribable peril. It is not a task to be taken lightly by one who would seek to alter their course and stray from the set path. The responsibility shall be given to whoever wishes to commit themselves to the journey, the Ring, and