What the East Wind Brings "…And from the southward fields came foot men of Harad with horsemen before them, and behind them rose the huge backs of the mumakil with war towers upon them." March 15th: The battle of Pelennor Fields The business of war is nasty and cruel, and no one knew its work better than Asano of Near Harad. War came like the sandstorms to her land; quick, fierce, and ultimately destructive. The land of many tribes was in a constant state of civil war, but now for the sake of a final unity the tribes of Harad brought war to the pale men of the west. Their end would mean a new beginning and a hope that their strife and deterioration would stop or so said the lord of Barad-dur. Fight under the one eye and her people would have plenty, she would no longer have to watch her people once proud fade into the sand. So, like any dutiful daughter of a mighty war chief Asano screwed herself up to go battle and win honor for her father and herself. That was why at the moment she stood upon a war tower strapped to the large back of a raging mumak. In one hand she held a bow the other was quickly pulling and releasing one arrow after another. Tense and release, tense and release. It was during the bloody fury that she was able to quell her constant nausea caused by the tree-sized back bone rolling underneath them. It was during battle she was able to forget her niggling doubts about their venture that had been pestering her like gnats; stinging and biting. Asano watched the horsemen swarm about them they looked like ants covered in the dull glow of burnished armor. If she stood still long enough, she feel acrid air move as each arrow flew up, or by her, whizzing loudly in her ear. She released five more arrows before a sudden shudder ran through the mumak that sent many other soldiers sprawling. Asano grabbed the tower's ledge that kept her from toppling to her death like many others. There seemed to be a hush that descended from inside the war tower as well as from the horsemen below. Then, finally the whole horrible thing happened; before she knew it Asano was upside down then hanging suspended in the air her stomach lurching in panic. The support lines had been snapped when the great beast had reared up after being stabbed in the eye and was now toppling to the ground. Asano's scream was swallowed up by the bellow of the mumak and the crashing roar of the wooden tower. Darkness took her and she knew no more. The blackness slowly receded like the morning fog from her eyes. Immediately the throbbing began in her head, reaching up to touch where the pain radiated the most; it was her temple and the blood she felt was congealed and sticky. Groaning Asano got to her knees and then slowly to her feet, taking a step her ankle flared up in fiery pain. Growling, annoyed by each separate injury she leaned against the now dead mumak for balance as she walked. It was completely silent with the exception of the wind blowing or the distant snap of a flag. Asano could not believe her eyes; the wide field of Pelennor was no longer green, but instead strewn with the dead of many factions and races. The long ditches that were once ablaze were now smoking in gray clouds, yellow vapors floated like ghosts over the ground and the air was filled with the acrid stench of burning flesh and blood. In the distance she could see figures moving about, Asano was unsure as to whom they might be. They didn't move the despicable orcs so they must be men, but which side? The west men or her haradrim? Which side had won the day? Making her way around the fallen Mumak she could see the numerous bodies of her dead brothers-in-arms. Asano choked back many cries of grief stricken shock as she recognized one man after another. Temon, Dordan, Bane, and sadly young Karis a banner bearer and only 19 years. At the sight of his body empty of his light caused painful tears to spring to her eyes. Asano wondered what would be done with the fallen if they did not win the day. She feared this was so, because she could not hear the familiar cries of victory only the worrisome breeze and the buzzing of flies. Asano had heard through rumor that the pale men buried their dead trapping the soul in the dual prison of flesh and dirt mound. She was horrified and shuddered at the torture of leaving one's spirit encased in the decaying remnants of flesh. Were these people barbaric? She thought. Did they not know that to free the soul one must burn the body? Did they know? But decide to torture the souls of their enemies owning their suffering forever! The thought made Asano weak and dizzy she fell to her knees trying to gather herself to think clearly. A moan of distinct pain caught her attention it didn't sound too far off, so she crawled towards the sound. It was a man, a man she knew quite personally. It was Karn, Asano recognized the broad nose, full mouth, and beard his deep set eyes were shut in pain. She saw that he was lying on his back pinned up to the chest by what remained of the upper portion of a war tower. Asano squeezed her eyes shut this was an ultimately fatal injury and yet he stilled lived…. "Is…that the face…of my Asano," came his deep voice, fighting his laboring breath. Asano's body trembled in grief, but she fought to keep her voice steady," yes, it is I." Karn smiled," that is…good, I fear I cannot see your…face." Her heart wept at the sight of him, Karn was a great warrior and a good man. It pained her to see him so weakened, to see with her eyes his own end. "Then hear me and feel my touch Karn. I'm here for you," Asano replied touching his face. Slowly a tear welled up and rolled down. "Tell me, my Asano….did we do right?" Karn asked, his voice beginning to fail. Her mouth trembled and Asano could no longer keep the sorrow out," yes, you did well….green lands are waiting." With that Asano's tears rolled down her face and dropped upon Karn's withering face. He said and smiled," I had hoped a good woman……….would……weep for me……." Asano's strong heart tore in two and she wept bitterly for Karn. Once, she had been betrothed to him, but her father had broke it off, so that she could go to war and still he had loved her. Still she also loved him and felt the agony of her insides twisting, wrenching in grief. The bitter pain of her heartbreaking and the loss of dreams never to be. Asano cried for him, but not for long she couldn't stay there, kissing his still warm lips she rose to her feet and stumbled away. She debated on where to go she was very far from home in an unfamiliar, hostile land. It also wasn't helpful that she didn't know the direction in which home was or even who won the battle today. It was late afternoon when she was captured and when it came it was with a great sense of relief. Now she didn't have to wonder where home was or how to get there because she was not going home. And she was not worried about who won; it was obvious. It had been two soldiers from the stone city that caught her as she walked across the field in a daze from the combined grief and head wound. The sword was heavy on the juncture of shoulder and neck, and then a quick grab to the wrist from behind had her on her knees. "Do not move. If you desire life," came the voice from behind. So, Asano remained immobile upon her knees hands on her thighs. The sword went away slowly when the soldier realized that she was not going to fight him. "Mardil! Bring the rope!" The soldier called to the other before him. Another man in shining armor splattered with blood of black and red color came walking up to the two of them. "You found a live one Beoren, I thought the rhohirrim routed or scattered the rest," said the one called Mardil. "Well, here is one and I'm not sure what to do with him," Beoren stated taking the rope from his companion, mardil. Asano could have laughed if her mood was not decidedly dreary, they think I'm a man, she thought. Asano assumed it was quite obvious that she was a woman; it had never been disguised to the men of her troop, whether or not they approved. So now it seemed laughable that they could not tell, how well they delude themselves, their women must not fight, she thought. Beoren tied her wrists together behind her back and pulled Asano up on her feet. "Wait a moment, he won't need that on his head," said Mardil yanking the turban and scarf from her face, so instead it hung around about her neck. "We'll take him to the city and show him to the captain he'll know what to do with him," Beoren said taking Asano's arm and began the trek towards the white city. Asano did not imagine in her mind that she would live much longer, when it came to her own people their own enemies were swiftly dealt an axe blow at sunset. She could only assume her death would be some what the same. During the walk she saw no other prisoners. Could it have been what one of her captor's said? Did her brothers retreat? Run from battle when they had sworn to die before cowardly fleeing into the fields. It was crushing, the thought and wounding to her haradrim pride her warriors were better than that or so she thought. Asano thought further on her fate after turning away from disgraceful retreats and discovered she did not want to die! She was surprised. During battle she was not worried or even afraid. Asano wasn't afraid now, but se still didn't want to die, perhaps, just perhaps mercy could be found for a warrior like herself. The city was a giant now before them the great black gates were twisted and thrown down; the levels she could see were burnt and broken. What was once gleaming alabaster was blackened and smoked out like the darkened eye sockets of a skull, Asano could not imagine the kind of destructive power needed to make this level of damage. She thought of her overlord in the far away land of mordor and understood quickly that such terrible power was possible. That because her people had sided with him had saved them from annihilation, she shuddered, and the whole thing was such a horrible mess. They passed through the gate and into the city of the West Men. She looked about in awe, the place was built out of the side of the mountain, and even in ruin its construction was inspiring. Asano never knew of cities built of stone, her village was made up of 150 tents that could be put up and taken down in less than two hours. Her clan moved between oasis's depending on the season. Something as solid as stone was as foreign to her as everything else about this strange, temperate, land. The streets were silent, as Mardil and Beoren took her up into the city. To either death or imprisonment, or both and none of which she was not looking forward to. They said nothing to her, and she didn't speak to either.