AN: According to a few reliable sources, elves celebrate the day of their conception because that's when they believe life begins. And instead of annual birthdays they celebrate the passing of ages. Elrond sat peacefully, lazily reading a book. Anyone else under those circumstances would have been fully relaxed, perhaps even slipping into slumber. But Elrond, though peaceful, remained alert. He had a young mortal in his keep and young mortals often choose the moment you are most at peace to come and disturb you. It's just the way they were. Sure enough… "Ada! Ada!" Marking his place, Elrond set his book aside and took Estel up in his arms. "What is it ion nin (my son)?" "Mummy said it's going to be my birthday soon!" Elrond furrowed his brow. "Birth-day"? The boy must mean the day of his conception. But he couldn't be celebrating that yet. He had only been with them a year. "Are you sure, tithen pen ?" "Uh-huh! I'm going to be three!" he said excitedly, holding up three fingers for Elrond to see. "Really? That's great" said Elrond, not really listening. Estel babbled for a while longer before wriggling out of Elrond's arms and bounding away to play elsewhere. Leaving his book behind, Elrond went in search of Gilraen. Taking a deep breath, Gilraen closed one eye and steadied her aim. As she exhaled she loosed the arrow. With a whine it shot forward, lodging itself deep into the target. A few inches off centre. She dropped her arm, frowning a little in disappointment. She was notching another arrow when she heard Elrond call out her. She set the arrow back in her quiver and waited for him to approach her. "Gilraen, Estel has just told me something curious. I think he may be confused about something you told him" "And what's that?" "Did you tell him something about a 'birth-day'?" Gilraen smiled "Yes. I told him his birthday is coming soon. Three days away, on the first of March. What's confusing about that?" The furrow in Elrond's brow deepened. "Don't you mean his conception day?" Now it was Gilraen who was confused. "No, I meant birthday as in the day he was born. Estel was born two years ago on the 1st of March. Because it is the 1st of March in three days that is when we will celebrate him becoming another year older. Why would we celebrate the day of his conception?" "Because that was when his life began…" Gilraen smiled. "Maybe, maybe. But men celebrate the day that their children come into the world, not the day of conception. To be honest I couldn't even tell you the day of Estel's conception" Elrond paused for a moment, processing this "Men have very different traditions to elves." "No kidding. So… what are you going to do for Estel's birthday?" "Me?!" "Yes, you. I can't do it because…" Gilraen's smile faltered "I've received a message from one of the secret settlements. I'll have to be away for at least 5 days, so there's no way I'll be back in time for Estel's birthday. If you don't do it, Estel won't have a birthday this year" "Gilraen I…." Elrond was about to say he had no idea what little boys wanted for their birthdays, that he had no time to organise something like that, that the whole thing would be an unmitigated disaster. Instead he found himself saying "I'd be honoured to give Estel his first elvish birthday" Gilraen grinned and thanked him profusely. Elrond's smile froze on his face. Elrond searched through the keep, looking for his sons. He needed some allies in this endeavour. He wondered how they would take the news. But when he found them, together in their room, he had a feeling they already knew. Mostly because Estel was sitting between them, telling them all about it. "I'n gon-na be free!" Estel declared, holding up three fingers just as he had done with Elrond. This time he was met with concentrated enthusiasm. "Really!?" cried Elladan "Wow!" Elrohir chorused at the same time. "Yeah! And Mummy says I's gon-na have a "nalvish" birthday this year!" "'Nalvish'?" Elrohir asked, turning to his father with confusion. "He means elvish. His mother has requested we throw him a birthday party, in order to make him feel at home here." "Ooohh. Well I think that's an excellent idea. Don't you Estel?" Estel giggled, bouncing and clapping his hands. "I think that's a yes" Elladan said with a smile. "Elladan, why don't you go and see that our soon to be three year old gets some dinner?" Elrond suggested. Elladan caught the command behind the suggestion and hurried Estel out of the room. As soon as they were out the door, Elrond's smile fell. "I can't believe I agreed! I have no idea how to do this!" Elrohir put a hand on his father's arm "Ada, calm down! It's just a child's birthday celebration! Estel is only three years old; he will love anything we do for him" "But I have no idea what to do for him" "I believe we can help you there" said Elladan, who had slipped back into the room. Elrond looked from one son to the other, seeing the calm glee in their eyes. "Well alright then…" Three days later. Employing all the stealth training they had ever received, Elladan and Elrohir crept into Estel's room. They had to be as silent as possible, due to a certain little one's uncanny ability to sense their coming. Slinking round his bed, they leaned over his sleeping form. Catching his brother's eye, Elladan counted silently down from three, mouthing the numbers. On one they cried "Aur Onnad Meren Estel! (Happy Birthday Estel!)" and emptied the bags of confetti they had clutched in their grasp, showering Estel in tiny bits of paper. Estel woke to a blizzard of colour and the grinning faces of his foster brothers, their joyful chorus ringing in his ears. He squealed in happiness, launching himself at them both. They caught him together, falling to the floor and laughing, tickling and blowing raspberries on the ecstatic birthday boy. As they were tussling, Elrond came in, bearing a tray of food. "If you lot don't settle down, our big three year old will never get his birthday breakfast." Estel's head popped up out of the fray. He squirmed out of his brother's grasp, hurrying over to his Ada, regarding the tray with excitement and bewilderment. "But Ada… I can't have breakfast in here. This is my sleep room" Elrond grinned. "It's a special birthday treat ion nin. Just for today, you don't have to come to the dining hall for food. I have brought it to you, for you to eat in bed" Estel's jaw dropped and he hastily clambered back under the covers, ready for his breakfast. Elrohir and Elladan joined him on the bed, sitting on either side of him. Elrond warned him to keep still as he carefully set the tray down on his lap. Pulling of the cloth, he revealed a tall stack of hot batter cakes, dripping in the syrup of the sugar maple and topped with foamy whipped cream. Estel's eyes were like dinner plates as he beheld the tower. "And they're all for you, tithen pen " Elladan assured him "Unless… of course… you want to share?" Elrohir hinted audaciously. Estel drew his plate defensively closer and Elrond laughed while Elladan gave Elrohir a playful bat on the shoulder. In no time, the once tall stack of hot cakes was just a few shreds of batter and a slick of syrup. Estel lay back on his pillows, patting his full stomach in sweet satisfaction. His mouth was ringed with shiny brown syrup and he had a thin cream moustache. Elladan smiled softly as he wiped his face clean. Elrohir speedily cleared the dishes while Elrond proceeded to unveil another surprise. "When I heard that it was going to be your birthday, I thought you'd better have something special to wear. So I had the tailors make you…." Elrond reached into the bag he'd brought with him, fishing out a fabric bundle "…this!" As he finished his sentence he unfurled the bundle, revealing it to be a long flowing robe of royal blue, trimmed with white and silver. It was made of soft velvet, adorned with stars that shined when the light hit them. Estel looked at it reverently, hesitating to touch it. It was so much extravagant than anything he'd ever owned before. All his other clothes were earthy brown, black or green, made from rough rustic fabrics. He fingered the supple velvet, indulging in this new texture. "Would you like to try it on Estel, or just cuddle it?" Elrohir asked teasingly. Jolted out of his state of awe, Estel hastily pushed his covers aside, stumbling out of the bed. Elrond helped him into it, guiding his arms through the sleeves. "You make a very handsome birthday boy, Estel. Very regal" Elrond said fondly. "Do you like your special birthday robe?" "Oh yes! Thank you Ada!" Estel threw his arms round Elrond's neck, squeezing him tight. Elrond returned the hug, holding his beloved fosterling close. He kissed him affectionately on the head as he pulled away. He knew in that moment that he had made his little one happy, that his efforts had not been in vain. Estel spun, making the robe billow out. He rushed up to Elrohir and Elladan, shamelessly showing off. They showered him with compliments, making his eyes shine and smile stretch from ear to ear. He dragged his brothers all round the keep, seeking out people to show off for. Elrond watched him go, grinning as he watched many of his close friend's get ambushed by a three year old on a mission. Elrond allowed Estel to indulge in the admiration for a while longer, until he saw who was coming up the path. "Estel, there's someone come to see you!" Estel paused mid spin. "Who's it Ada?" "Why don't you come and see, ion nin ?" Estel rushed to the window, standing on tip-toe and craning desperately to see his visitor. But he was just too small to see over the ledge. Elladan lifted him up onto it and held him tight as he stared out. " 'Eggylas!" Estel squeaked excitedly, squirming until Elladan set him down, blitzing through the keep and out the door. "Who is "eggylas"?" Elrohir asked. "That is Estel's rendition of Legolas, the Mirkwood prince. I sent word to the Greenleaf family as soon as we started planning, inviting them here for Estel's birthday festivities. I thought it would be a nice surprise." Elrohir grinned "Poor Legolas! He's going to be lumbered with an earnest three year old whose head is rapidly becoming bigger than the whole of Rivendell!" "And why not? It is his birthday after all" Elladan countered "Indeed, I would be careful in your teasing Elrohir. I seem to remember a certain twenty year old who climbed up the tallest tree in the keep to inform everyone what a magnificent conception-day boy he was!" Elrohir's cheeks colored while Elladan chuckled. "Go on big head, go and give Estel some company" Elrohir stuck his tongue out with deliberate immaturity, but complied. Elladan and Elrond followed behind, pausing at the top of the stairs to watch the scene unfolding before them. Estel was hurtling towards Legolas, who upon seeing him had broken out into a wide smile and thrown his arms open, going down on one knee to receive the little Dúnedain. Estel barrelled into him and Legolas swept him up in a fierce hug. He spun him round and threw him up in the air, catching him with practised ease. Estel giggled in delight. Thranduil stood a little way off, watching the scene. He was holding a small box covered in gleaming green paper and fastened with a rich blue