An undertoe tugged at my feet, dragging me under in an explosion of bubbles, and with it, I felt everything I'd been carrying vanish from my arms. Briefly, just for a precious second, I burst from the water to gasp for air, and then was dragged under again, surrounded by debris. Rocks, leaves, sticks, entire fucking branches, someone's bike slammed into my side and I grabbed it in an attempt to dislodge it. Oh, I realised, it was my bike. My brand new one. I tried to drag myself and it sideways but there was no way I could save both of us. The rivers had flooded. All of them, in fact, all over Brisbane. And I'd, like a stupid fool, decided that the river didn't look so bad and I could manage to get myself and my christmas presents across it. Easy. I surfed, didn't I? Okay, so that was when I was a kid, but still... no problem! I'd ignored someone's shout and tried it. The river had swept me right off my feet, right over the bridge's railings, and here I was. Where, I wasn't sure, but I was in some pretty fucking bad trouble right now. The river surged and screamed in my head, and I felt something very large and heavy graze my side, hit my head hard, seeing my own startled bloody reflection in some kind of mirror just for a moment, surrounded by brown water, bubbles and a bloody cloud. It was a car and I swore I saw someone inside it, heard banging, but then it was gone as the river tugged us apart again. Then, suddenly, we were slammed together, my shoulder slammed hard into the side of the car. I saw it clearly now, now I was pressed against the door by the pressure of the currents, and saw a child's white face staring back at me through the glass. Trapped in the car. The car was almost flooded. For another moment I was above water, seeing the dark red of the car's roof beside me, seeing it dipping dangerously low, and I gasped in both water and air, the pain of it searing through my chest. I grasped the edge of the car, fingers white with the effort of hanging onto the slippery metal, seeing glimpses of trees, of other cars, cars that the river must have dragged into the waters. How stupid I had been... if a car couldn't handle it, how could I? I felt dazed, my shoulder throbbed and barely worked, and the world darkened a little as my mind offered unconsciousness to escape from the pain. The banging below me snapped my conciousness back to something. Something important. Something that had worried me and upset me. I could barely think, blood streamed over one eye and blinded it, and my left arm couldn't hold onto the car- it just hung limply as my shoulder throbbed. It took some precious seconds, as the car dipped lower, before I remembered her. The child! How the hell had I forgotten her? I tried to grasp it with my left arm, the handle, but I couldn't get my fingers to move properly, and debris in the floodwaters kept crashing into my arm and body, jolting everything that hurt. She was still there, pressed against the window, like she was trying to go right through it. I tried to get the handle with my good arm, dropping into the water, clutching onto it for dear life. But the waters just pressed against the car, as it went forward, pressing the doors shut. Electric windows? Wind up? I didn't know and I doubted she could hear me. If it was a new car it was probably electric. The front of the car was now completely underwater and I saw, with another jolt of shock, something there. A woman slumped forward, limp, her entire body underwater over the wheel. Half blinded by blood, I tried again, trying to wedge my body between the car and the car door as I tried to open it, the pressure of the floodwaters cutting the edge of the door into me. An arm and hand grasped for me, trying to hold on, with much more strength than I'd have expected of someone that size. I tugged, pushed, tugged, and felt the child come free of the car as water surged in through the partly open door. Suddenly, we were free, and the car was gone. I didn't know where, if it had been swept away, if we'd been swept away, only that we were tumbling again in water filled with dangerous debris- myself and this child, her arms around my neck, legs around my waist, head buried in my neck. I couldn't find the car for her mother, if that was her mother, I couldn't even be sure the car was still floating. All I could do was try and keep near the surface, so we could breathe, as I felt sharp pains, slashes, things hitting me as they went past. My lungs were almost always empty of oxygen and the world was again starting to darken, even with the child's life, and … We got dragged into a stormwater pipe. I saw it briefly, this round grey pipe, before the blackness enclosed us. Before water enclosed us. With one final gasp, I grasped onto the child, and prayed. "Are you ready to die, in order to be reborn?" I swore I heard them, voices, words echoing around. But I didn't know who. Something else hit us and then, suddenly, I couldn't fight it. My mind slipped away into the darkness. Words filled my head, words that I didn't understand, and with them came the sense of being touched. Being held. A warm body, scented with a mild smell that might have been body odour without being the offensive kind. The splash of water. Are you ready to die in order to be reborn? The voice echoed again. I felt it. I felt the edge of life and death, as I felt the arms carrying me out of a river, felt the chasm and depth of death yawning there. Death was somewhere else. How? I didn't know. But death had no careful arms, had no soft voice, it only had darkness and cold water. It waited ready for me if I tipped towards it. But there was also life. I felt that too, felt it come with those arms and with an incredible amount of pain and uncertinity. There, in this choice of life, I was lowered onto something soft and damp, a motion that hurt me so much, that I heard myself gasp in shock. Somehow though I couldn't really … Somehow, neither death in that dark water or life with the owner of those arms, I felt connected to neither, aware of bodily sensations that came with both, aware of sounds I made or tried to make, but … I hovered between. Are you ready to die in order to be reborn? A third time I was asked. And this time I knew it was the last time I would be asked. The last chance I would be offered before the choice was made for me. Death. Life. I had a choice, whatever this 'reborn' thing was all about, and ... "Y-es..." I heard my own voice answer, much clearer than I could have imagined, much louder. The answer was so easy to come up with, like I'd already decided, I wasn't ready for whatever lay beyond the darkness. Death vanished. Something surged through me, a shock of energy I couldn't understand, and... Suddenly I was only aware of myself, lying on wet grass, pain from head to feet, eyes unable to see. Everything hurt. I felt paralysed. There were voices, feet, coughing somewhere else. A hand brushed hair out of my face and I flinched. "M'lady? Hen-ee-akh neen?" The word seemed bizzare. Wrong. I couldn't open my eyes to glare at whoever it was. I felt confused, hurt, stunned, blinded, my chest was heavy, and I couldn't move. "I..." My voice cracked. Okay. I couldn't talk either. "Nen, hurry." There was a command to that, some guy ordering someone around, though the next statement really made no sense whatsoever. He spoke something else I didn't catch but I did hear the sound of a horse come closer. I thought I smelt horses. I could smell it now and hear it, something nearby, but I couldn't bare to open my eyes. I smelt smoke too. Fire. Fish? Grass tickled my back, grass and something gritty, sand maybe. Dirt? I didn't care. God, did I hurt, I didn't care what it was. Why was I concentrating on dirt? I tried to move, only to feel a shock of pain run through my shoulder. "Don't move. Wait." That man said softly, soothing, and I felt something lift off my chest. The weight gone, my lungs could expand a little more, and I felt a little better. "Take the human child, get her warm beside the fire." Was I blind? Everytime I tried to open my eyes, I couldn't, and I felt panic rising. Something soft and damp dribbled over my face and I flinched. "Just water to clean your face. Your eyes are held shut by blood." Oh, that made sense. I supposed. How did that happen? Blood was usually meant to be inside the body, not holding eyes shut. I heard a flutter of words as the cloth, I had to guess that was what it was, moved over my eyes carefully. Another language. Pretty, sure, but it made no sense to me. They talked for a while and slowly, I found myself able to open my eyes, finding them meeting the concerned eyes of a grown man with long hair. Somehow familiar. I wasn't sure how. But he made me want to giggle. I wanted to tweak his ears. Why the hell did I want to tweak his ears? I tried to sit up again, only to find his hand press on my good shoulder, a frown in his eyes as he stared down at me. "Don't move. Stay still. Your injuries will need binding." "Wa-" I coughed, a horse ugly thing compared to this pretty man, and something rose up out of my stomach. Water exploded everywhere, all over the place, up from my stomach and my lungs. All over me and the pretty man. Well, he'd told me to not move. I hadn't moved. I'd vomited. Somehow he didn't seem the least bit fazed by the fact that someone had just vomited on him, he stayed put, and offered me something that looked kind of bladderish. "Drink and move slowly." He offered, glanced over his shoulder towards someone, and spoke in that language again. I drank. I was so thirsty. Once I'd drunk as much as I could, I shut my eyes, warmth flooding through my body. Whatever the drink was, it'd been good, the pain faded from my limbs. The sunshine eased me back into sleep. This didn't last long. I woke, to find another pretty man bent over me, his teeth gritted as he tugged at something. Something wrapped around my arm and my shoulder. I flinched, shoving at him, making the man raise his eyes as if I was a naughty child. Weird. He didn't even bother hiding his dislike, this ugly look on such a nice looking face, as if he'd been asked to scrape poop off someone's shoe. I tried to push him back. "I can do it." I muttered. "Whatever it is you're doing." "He's tying your arm to your chest, to keep it still." The first pretty man, the blonde one, informed me. "Where are you from? Is it near?" I had no effing clue. "I don't know." "Your voice..." There it was again, that surprise flashing across his face, but it was gone pretty