The Raceto Buckland Summary: It's been two years since Meriadoc's return to Buckland when he and his fellow conspirators went on an adventure that took them a full year to return to find the Shire over taken by Ruffians. When they rallied the hobbits during the War of Bywater and saved the Shire with their friends Samwise and Frodo, both Meriadoc and his cousin Peregrin became the Shire's most sought after bachelor and most recognized heros in the entire Shire. Although the attention the good folk bestowed upon them in the first couple of years was very much welcomed and gained them many free gifts, especially when they entered a tavern, having all they wanted to drink. It had begun to wear upon the two hobbits and their parents the most. No matter how hard they tried to return to a carefree life in which they enjoyed before they left on their adventure, it was hampered by expectations from all others around them. The two hobbits found out that being the most recognizable and famous hobbits in the entire Shire were trouble in itself, (that and the unwanted attention from all the lasses around them). It was time for Meriadoc and Peregrine to grow up, become mature adults and take responsibility and become who they were meant to become, the Master of Buckland and the Thain of the Shire with wives and children of their own. Perhaps the new ponies that King Eomer bestowed upon Meriadoc for his deepest appreciation for all that he did during the War of the Ring was another way to distract them all. A pony race across the Shire to Buckland, now that should turn their attention around and give them a little more time for themselves…… or will it? Chapter 1 The thick newly pressed paper that she held in her hand made her heart skip a beat and knew without a doubt that this was exactly what she has been waiting for. Turning it over, she took her time in opening it and a slow smile broke the corners of her lips. It was from the mistress of Brandy Hall and she knew by having this invitation that she did impress her with her sharp wit and keen eye of observation. It was during the noon luncheon in the Great Hall, when Esmeralda found a few minutes by herself at the Brandybuck's private table. She was unaware that an important letter she carried in her apron pocket had slipped out and fallen to the floor. This was the opportunity that gave her a free audience with the mistress. Within a few minutes, she was able to convince Esmeralda to consider her as marriage material for her son, Meriadoc. Knowing Merry as she did when growing up in Buckland and all his special interest, she allowed the mistress to assume that they had so much in common with each other. She could tell even then that she had convinced the mistress well and knew that this invitation to a private tea with the Brandybuck family was short in coming. Imagines of being Meriadoc's wife and especially being mistress of Brandy Hall someday danced in her mind while her excitement intensified in her grand dreams and schemes. Growing up in Buckland, she knew Merry very well. And lately, she had spent a lot of time, whenever opportunity allowed it, respectfully that is, in being in the same place that he was and casually bumping into him for a few minutes of his time. As children, Merry never seemed that important to her as he did now. In fact he was the biggest pest that she tried to avoid. He was always getting himself into trouble with that cousin of his and causing all sorts of problems in Brandy Hall. Talk of Meriadoc Brandybuck was always what he had done and had gotten into and poor Esmeralda having such a challenging and wayward child to contend too. But now that Meridoc has grow-up that talk has changed and he was magnificent, more respected than even his own father. Esmeralda seemed to glow with pride in her son and she basked in the shadow of it. During the War of Bywater in which Meriadoc gathered and lead large groups of hobbits in its defense to drive out the ruffians from their boarders shown everyone his true heart and his magnificence of character plunging him into greatness that far out shadowed his own father. He would be remembered forever in the Shire of being one of the greatest hobbits that had ever lived, Buckland's most favored son and the hobbit of her most desire. A very slight noise of a hem of a dress being brushed against ones legs while someone tip-toed into the room silently behind her caught her attention and drew her away from her invitation. Placing it down upon the table and without turning around to see who had entered, she immediately commented, "Merril, do you really need to go sneaking around corners to get out of your work." Merril put her hands to her side and made tight fists. "How did you know it was me without looking?" she stubbornly insisted. "Do you have eyes in the back of your head?" "No, you ninny!" stated Myrtle. "You're the only one in this family so sneaky enough to go tip-toeing around. If mum catches you not doing your chores, she will hold our noon luncheon until you are finished and I'll not have my lunch ruined because of you!" Mumbling to herself about her older sister's keen eye and attention to details, she went back to the sewing room to finish her mending job. Myrtle smiled at her cleverness and quick wit that has always got her the things she wanted the most, and Merry Brandybuck was utmost on her mind. xxx "Did you trade the cakes?" asked Merry as he pulled his cousin closer to his side and whispered into his ear while he kept his eyes focused upon those within the room. "Yes!" said and nodded Pippin with a smirk upon his lips. "It was easier than taken one of ole Maggots watermelons!" "Good then, let's see how much the lass can sweat dealing with my mother's questions and pepper powder from old Hatty's cupboard." Meriadoc lead his cousin to the settee and sat properly waiting for his mother. Esmeralda carried the tea pot into their parlor and greeted her guests. She saw her cakes that were cut and served on individual plates, sitting on the table and was grateful that her son had been so kind to help her. He looked so charming sitting on the settee dressed appropriately in his finest vest and tapered dark pants. Merry casually visited with the Goodbodies and played the perfect host. In her mind she thought how grown-up he appeared and how gracious he has become. She beamed with pride for her son when she sat down next to him and greeted her guests. Standing, Merry offered the serving tray of cakes to his guests while his mother poured the tea into each cup. Making sure the lass would take the first cake to his left as planned, Merry smiled sweetly to her. Then looking back to his mother, he knew in his heart that he had fooled her completely. He wondered why in his past for the times he use to make such a fuss about these tea parties that she was so fond of, when it was so much easier to turn things around on the others and take the focus off of himself. It was by far more of a challenge and made each party bearable for him, (not to mention how much fun they have become). With his fellow conspirator, there was not a chance his mother was ever going to find out. Least ways, it stopped her nagging at him to attend and her endless lectures on good manners and his plans for his future. Peregrin was no better off, he taught to himself. After all his family was doing the same thing. Even though his cousin was much younger than he and still Pippin has not reached his coming of age, his father the Thain believed with his new respectability among the Tooks, that time could not be wasted. Peregrin, whether he was ready or not must take his place and help lead the Tooks of the Green Hills. They looked up to his son with the highest respect after the War of Bywater. The Thain Paladon was putting pressure on his son for his marriage and to further his respectability. Merry looked over at his cousin and gave him a knowing smile, together the two would out wit and out think their parents, so they could have the life of leisure and carefree days in which marriage had no plans for either of them. Lilly's eyes warmly greeted Merry when she looked up to him as he served her the cake. She instantly memorized each curve of his gentle, handsome face and the soft texture of curls that fell close to his shoulders. Almost becoming lost in her day dreams of this lad, she almost forgot to take the cake that he offered. Thinking that she was refusing to take the cake this gave, Merry pause and quickly thought of a way so she had no choice but to eat his mother's cake. "My mother spent all day in the kitchen to make this cake for the both of you, really you must try a piece, it is quite remarkable, I must say." Pulling herself from romantic thoughts of Merry, she blushed slightly and took the cake. Peregrin standing off to the side of the group with Saradoc and the father of the Goodbody family of Buckland, gave a wink at his cousin and smiled. He took a sip of his tea and tried to look inconspicuous in this conspiracy and returned half his attention back to Saradoc. "Well, Mrs. Goodbody, I hear that your daughter, Lilly is quite talented with playing the fiddle. Many have commented about her playing during a luncheon in the great hall last week," commented Esmeralda just before she took a very small taste of her cake and sipped her tea. She smiled in knowing her cake was well thought of and felt this was one of her best that she has ever made. It was light and crumbly and baked to perfection. Putting her teacup down, she turned to her son. "Meriadoc also plays the fiddle and also has some talent in it. Merry smiled sweetly at his mother and nodded. "Tell me Lilly, how long have you played the fiddle?' Taking a small piece of cake in her mouth, she immediately felt the hot burning of the pepper seasoning that stung her tongue. Her eyes began to water as she quickly swallowed and rushed to grab her teacup. A slash of hot tea spilt on her dress and lap that began to burn her leg. She stood abruptly from the pain of the burn as Esmeralda looked shocked at the girl. She could see the girl's face turning bright red with embarrassment from spilling her tea, so she taught. Shaking her dress and gulping her tea at the same time to cool both her burning lap and her burning tongue, Lilly looked a fright upon all those that watched her. "My dear, are you all right," her mother commented trying to help her daughter. "It was that cake, it tasted…….." she stopped herself quickly before she blurted out how horrible and hot it tasted and then looked at her hostess. Esmeralda looked shocked at the girl and knew if she told her the truth that she would think her rude and asked her to leave and her chances with Merry would be ended. So she gently commented. "It tasted wonderful and such a surprise that I forgot myself for a moment."