Within the Walls of BagEnd Chapter 1 It was late in the evening when Sam bid his youngest son, "a good evening," and thanked him for helping out repairing some of the old shutters. Robin Gardner was a fair lad and had the same qualities of his sisters and some of his older brothers, the same blonde color of hair. For most of his twelve siblings had all married and had children of their own, but Robin. He was well past his fiftieth birthday and still never caught the eye of any lass. He kept himself busy shirriffing the town of Hobbiton, a position his father gave him long ago during his last year as mayor. Sam worried about him, since Robin was spending so much time at Bag End, helping him with a list of repairs. Sam felt he was taking too much time away from his job and was not delivering good satisfaction to those who kept him employed. Rosie had passed on in the early spring and since then, Sam was tripping over his sons and daughters who constantly stopped by to check-up on him. Living alone at Bag End would have been a lonely affair, if Sam was left on his own, but this seldom happened for the elderly hobbit with his adult children living so close by him. All but Elanor. who still remained in the West March with her husband Fastred and their two children. When Rosie died, Elanor came to stay with Sam for nearly a month and was greatly sadden when she had to leave and return home again. Sam made a promise that he would visit her when he felt his time was close before he would leave for the Grey Haven and his final journey to join Mr. Frodo and Mr. Bilbo, the last of the ring bearers. While he waited for his time to near, Sam wanted to repair Bag End and get it ready for the next generation of Gardner. His son Frodo would be the next heir of this magnificent home and would fill the rooms full with his fifteen children when Sam would leave for the Grey Haven. Robin and the rest of Sam's sons all offered to help their father with all the repairs and anything else that he may have needed. This kept Sam's mind busy and filled the loneliness from missing his dearly departed wife, Rosie. That, and the finial chapter of the Red Book that Mr. Frodo had left for him to finish. When Sam closed the front door after bidding his youngest son farewell, Sam went back into his study and saw the Red book opened and waiting for him with his quill in the inkwell next to it. However, something else caught Sam's eye. It was a small, old wood-handled chisel that had once belonged to Mr. Bilbo's father who had built Bag End. Mr. Bilbo kept a small room deep within Bag End where all of his father's tools still remained untouched until this very day. Robin could not find a small enough chisel of his own to make the carvings in the wooden shutters that would match the original design that he repaired and had to borrow it from the old room. After he had finished his work, Sam insisted that Robin leave for his home at once so he could get enough rest for his shirriffing job the next morning. Taking the small old chisel, Sam thought to return it to the room from where it came from. Walking through the long corridors of Bag End gave Sam enough time to think about times gone by with each room that he had past. Rooms his children once occupied while they grew up in his large home. He pasted Elanor's old room and then Frodo's next to it. Down the corridor, there were more rooms where Ham played his fiddle with his other son, Pippin. Merry's room was next to Pippins' and then came Bilbo's room after that. Turning the corner and walked down another long corridor was his daughter's rooms where Rose spent her time sewing and doing her lovely needle point work. The next room was that of Goldilocks, his fair haired daughter with the large ringlets tied up in ribbons. Sam stopped by her door and smiled thinking about all the trouble he caused in making her wait until her coming of age before he allowed her to marry Peregrin Took's son, Faramir. Who would have thought that she would have ended up with five lovely lasses all with bright red curly hair. Poor Peregrin Took, he waited and waited for a grandson that never happened. The next room was Primrose and Daisy's room who could barely be separated from her sister and insisted on sharing a room together and after that was Ruby's room. Sam continued on down the corridor until he reached what use to be Tolman's room and then Robins. Sam paused a moment and looked back from where he came, to all those empty rooms and he smiled knowing they would be filled again with his fifteen grandchildren from his son Frodo. He knew Bag End would share happier days just ahead. He made one last turn and he continued down the empty corridor to the small little door that seldom had any visitors and was preserved for all time to come. Sam opened the door and went inside. Bongo Baggin's tool room was covered with thick cobwebs and dust and everything that was in that room upon his passing was left just as it had always been, except for this one small chisel. Sam could clearly see the open drawer and his son's finger prints smuggled in the thick coating of dust upon the work bench. Sam looking inside the drawer and saw many small chisels and added the last one before he tried to close it. When he pushed the drawer to close, something seemed to be stopping it. Sam wiggled the drawer just a little, incase it was just jammed. But the drawer did not move any further. Pulling it out, he set it gently upon the workbench, Sam peered inside the cubby hole. To his surprise there was something there in the far back and Sam reached his hand inside and pulled it out to see what it was. There was a small leather bound book with its pages filled full of writings from his old master. Sam instantly recognized this book and it brought back memories of when he was a child studying when Frodo first came to live at Bag End with Mr. Bilbo. Mr. Bilbo insisted that Sam come by each morning to study with Frodo in learning his letters and his numbers. When Frodo had finish his studies, Sam often found him sitting under a tree writing in this small little book. It fascinated Sam as a child because this book was not like any other book that he had ever seen. It was small enough to fit into a pocket and not on a shelf. He would ask Mr. Frodo to read him a page of his writings, but Frodo would put it in his pocket and take out another book to read to him. Frodo never talked about his little book to Sam and Sam understood Frodo and never asked him again about this book. If, Mr. Frodo wanted to write secrets than Sam would not bother him about it. Looking at this little book, Sam wondered how it got caught in the tool drawer. Perhaps Frodo put it there many long years ago and had just forgotten all about it. He put it into his pocket and would save it for him when they were reunited again in the Grey Havens. Putting the drawer back into the cubby hole and closing it, Sam left the tool room and shut the door. He was very tired from the long day with his son repairing the old stutters. So Sam walked through the long corridor and headed to his room that he had always shared with his dearest Rosie. Sam placed the little book on his desk and took off his weskit. Sitting down in his chair in front of his desk, he looked at the little book again. He took his handkerchief and began to wipe it clean from all the dust in that old tool room. The brown leather still had a little shine to it, but Sam wanted it a little better for when he would return it to Frodo. He went and got some beeswax and a polishing towel. Carefully, Sam began to work the beeswax into the old leather and with each small circle motion from his fingers. He could see the dirt and grime beginning to lift. When he wiped it clean, the leather looked as good as the day it was made. This pleased Sam as he admired the fine leather cover. Wanting to make this special for his old Master, Sam found some tissue paper that Rosie always kept for wrapping gifts in his desk drawer and he carefully folded the small book into it and sat it upon the table. He thought of Frodo's surprised face when he would give it to him when he saw him. When Sam prepared himself for bed, he crawled into the warm sheets and cozy quilt. Resting upon his pillow, he looked upon the familiar ceiling. His mind thought back to happier times with Rosie by his side and his heart began to ache with missing her all over again. His bed felt empty without her laying here beside him. His tears began to build in his aged old eyes and threatened to spill over and run down his cheeks. He blinked his eyes and dried them with his sleeve of his nightshirt and did his best to think of something else, but it was too late to shift his thoughts. The loneliness in his heart had filled him and there was no getting away from it. Sam turned and tossed, and turned once again, but he could not find a comfortable spot. His mind could find no rest that he sought. Hour after hour, he laid there doing his best to convince himself to go to sleep, but sleep would not come to Sam. Finally somewhere between the middle of the night and the dawning of a new day, Sam got up from his bed and went in search for something to read that would put him to sleep. He went through a stack of his favorite books, but he knew each line by heart and just how each story would end. They seemed dull and uninteresting. He saw Rosie's journals, but knew that by reading them it would only increase the loneliness and missing her that already kept him from sleeping. Sam stood in the middle of his bedroom perplexed in what he should do next. His eyes roamed each shelf and table until they rested upon the tissue wrapping and Frodo's small little book. In his mind, Sam thought that Mr. Frodo would not mind very much if he read a page or two, just to help him fall asleep. Carefully unwrapping the small little book, Sam felt a little guilty in knowing these were secrets that Frodo did not want to share with anyone. It was his private thoughts and Sam felt like he was betraying a trust and tried to put it down once again. For the longest time, Sam just stood their staring at the small book and argued with himself incisively. The more he stood there, the more curious he became until finally Sam just picked it up and brought it over to his bed. Climbing in his bed and covering himself up warmly, Sam fluffed up his pillow and moved the candle a little closer on his night stand and opened Frodo's book. He had promised himself that he