"MOVE! GET OUT OF THE WAY!" Percy shouted, fighting his way through the crowd. He didn't think he'd ever felt his heart beat this fast or had his stomach in this many knots. It took all of his will power not to throw up right there and then. Only the thought of Annabeth kept him going. His eyes teared up as he prayed just about the millionth time for her safety. Anyone who can help, please please please I need Annabeth to be alright, we're so close. This can't be happening now, we only needed one more week. Keep her safe please keep them safe. In Percy's desperation, he might have accidentally knocked a few shoppers over as they were frantically fleeing the store. Entering the sliding doors, Percy saw the Macy's was in complete chaos. Towering over the racks of clothing and the scattered mannequins were three hellhounds fresh from the depths of Tartarus. They were three of the biggest hounds Percy had seen aside from Mrs. OLeary. Their hot breaths created clouds of steam, raising the temperature of the store. Their growls practically shook the floor as they prowled around the store searching. One seemed to be limping, its blood splattered on the white linoleum. Looking closely, Percy could tell it was Annabeth's dagger lodged in its inner thigh that was causing the bleeding. It scared him that the monster got close enough to her that she could stab it. Percy watched as a man trying to get away slipped and fell. He could hear the crying of a baby somewhere, but couldn't see it. Shoppers continued to scream and flee past him as he stood at the entrance. Fleetingly he wondered what they thought was ruining their Saturday afternoon of shopping. Terrorists maybe? That seemed to be the most popular theory these days. " COME TO ME" Piper's voiced bellowed over the store and although the command wasn't directed toward Percy, he sprinted in the direction of her voice. Two hell hounds turned to look and with great effort went back to their searching, completely ignoring Piper. Percy skidded around a corner into the shoe department. The floor was littered with boxes and the tell tale signs of a battle. Piper was fighting the third hellhound in the middle of the wreckage. Well maybe fighting wasn't the right word. She was more annoying it than anything; pelting the beast with high heels and attempting to confuse it with her charm speak. " SIT" Piper yelled. The hellhound did a half squat before roaring and lunging its massive body at Piper over the shelves. She yelped and dived down, the hound soaring over her and crashing into a display of boots. As she sprung to her feet she noticed Percy and instead of the relief he was expecting to see on her face, all he saw was guilt. Piper opened her mouth to say something, but before she could, one of the shelves crashed down on top of her. Percy couldn't see her anymore as the bulk of the hellhound stepped on top of the fallen shelf, hiding her from his sight. " FETCH" Piper yelled from beneath a pile of shoes. Before Percy could react, a moccasin hit him in the head. His gaze snapped to the monster as it came right for him. He quickly pulled Riptide out of his pocket and swung it in an arch. Percy's timing was perfect. The blade caught it in the neck, effectively decapitating the hound before it crumbled into a pile of dust. Keeping Riptide uncapped, Percy ran to help Piper. It didn't take long to get her unearthed and back on her feet. "Percy," She turned to him, "These hell hounds are stronger than any we've ever fought. They don't listen to me at all, and and," her breathing caught, there were tear streaks down her face, her voice broke as she continued, "and Annabeth, oh gods I'm so sorry Percy I'm so sorry, so sorry." Percy nearly crushed Piper's shoulders as he grabbed her, "Where is she?" His voice was frantic and he sounded scared. As long as he focused on one thing, finding his wife and getting her out of here, he could do this. The time for collapsing in fear was not now. "She's hiding in the dressing room. Hazel's guarding it, it was my job to distract them, I tried I promise I tried." Piper broke down crying. Percy hugged her quickly before saying, "Later, Pipes. We have to finish this." Piper nodded and wiped her cheeks. "Follow me." She ran back towards the front of the store. It was eerily empty now, the only sounds were of the hell hounds' claws as they walked. Percy usually liked that sound. When it came to regular dogs, it was cute, but these claws scrapped against the floor and sent chills down his spine. He imagined them ripping into Annabeth and he ran faster, passing Piper as the two of them came up on another monster. There was no time to think, he had to finish this quickly, Annabeth was counting on him. Percy continued sprinting towards it until the last possible moment. He felt the warm breath hit his face before he dropped to his hip and slid under its belly. Not giving the hellhound any time to react, he stabbed it and ripped the blade down the length of its body. Percy coughed as some of the dust rained down on him. Piper's hand grabbed his forearm and hoisted him to his feet. " DUCK" Percy found himself back on the ground without remembering moving. One of the checkout desks flew over top of him and Piper, raining used coupons down on them. Percy looked at Piper as they stood back up, "Sorry," she shrugged, "Come on." Outside the dressing room, Hazel was doing her best to stay out of the reach of the hell hounds teeth. This one was the biggest of them all. Its gigantic size cleared the way for it as it barreled through displays. When it snapped its head to roar, whatever was closest to it ended up flying fifty feet away. Hazel's dress was ripped, so Percy guessed she'd already had a few close calls. "I got this," Hazel shouted, "You two get Annabeth out of here." Percy trusted Hazel could take care of herself so he skirted around the hellhound and slipped into the dressing room. Piper followed close behind, covering Percy's back. "Annabeth?" Percy's dread grew with every step he took. The farther into the dressing room he went the more he didn't want to see what was waiting for him at the end. "Annabeth?" She had to be alright, they couldn't have made it this far together to have it end like this. Months of careful planning, months of constant surveillance, months of worrying, to have it all be over now? He wouldn't be able to stand it. What would he tell his mom? What would he tell the camp? Everyone had been routing for them. "Percy?" Annabeth's voice was quiet and came from the second stall from the end. He found her lying on the ground up against the mirror. There was blood underneath her, but all Percy could see was the vacant dead look in her eye. The last time she looked this worn out was after she held the weight of the sky on her shoulders. "Percy? I think I lost him." She clutched her swollen belly and tried to rise to meet him. She stumbled, but Percy was already there, scooping her into his arms. Her head fell against his shoulder and she began to sob. "Say something Percy, anything." "We'll make it through this, I promise." He kissed her forehead and turned to leave the stall. Piper's hand was at her mouth attempting to hold back her own tears. "I'll," She shook her head to clear it and continued, "I'll go pull up the car and call the hospital so they're ready for us." "Thanks," Percy said as she ran off. He heard Piper shout "Coast clear!" and knew it was safe to leave the dressing room. Hazel was waiting, her sword still out and her breath still ragged. How she got a sword into a Macy's without it being disguised as a pen, Percy would never know. Probably mist or something like that. Hazel had really become quite powerful when it came to magic. She walked slightly behind Percy as they exited Macy's. Once outside, it seemed like a perfectly normal day. Cars were still driving, people were still walking, everyone was oblivious to what was happening. Although Percy thought, you could never count on regular people to help out, they'd just get themselves hurt. He heard the sound of tires screeching as Piper pulled the car up to the curb. Hazel ran around and took shotgun while Percy ducked in the back, keeping Annabeth on his lap. Before the doors even closed, Piper was flooring it out of the parking lot. Percy needed to hold Annabeth right now to prove to himself that he had her and suspected she probably wanted to be held. Her eyes were closed and she looked like she was in an enormous amount of pain. Percy lowered his forehead to touch it to hers. He focused on matching his breathing with hers to calm himself down. All Percy could do now was wait and hope that their luck would hold out. After all, they were the first couple from Camp Half-blood to make it this far. The majority of half-bloods died before adult hood and those that had the fortune of making it into their twenties usually opted out of children. You know because of the fact that living as a half-blood is extremely dangerous even for second generation children. Annabeth had been optimistic that they could protect their kids despite the fact that every monster in the world knew who they were. It did help however that they had the most powerful half-bloods of their generation on speed dial. Percy was jolted out of his thoughts when Piper swerved off of the road and onto the sidewalk. Her driving could be described as reckless at best and suicidal at worst, but it was fast and that's what they needed right now. He looked to Hazel. She had her eyes closed and her palms turned upwards, concentrating. Through the windshield, Percy saw people calmly stepping out of the way of their speeding vehicle. "What are they seeing Hazel?" Annabeth asked. "Shhhhhh." She responded, "Still. Hard. To. Manipulate. This many people." Two thuds on the roof and Riptide was out again in a flash. Just as Percy was about to stab through the slight dent, Jason's head appeared upside down in the window on Percy's right. Jason shouted, "Don't worry, It's just me and Frank." In response, Percy heard a falcon shriek as it flew by. "We're almost there," Piper said as she glanced over her shoulder. "EYES ON THE ROA-ER SIDEWALK!" Percy yelled as they almost ran into a parking meter. "Sorry…" Piper mumbled as she righted the car. They went around one more turn, bringing the lights of the hospital into view. Out of his peripherals, Percy saw Jason launch off of the car and fly to the entrance of the E.R. As the car pulled to a stop, Frank transformed back into human and opened the door for Percy and Annabeth. Percy hated hospitals. They were too sterile and too depressing and the medicine tasted awful. He'd rather be at the infirmary at camp, but Chiron was hesitant to give Annabeth any nectar or ambrosia since they weren't sure the baby could handle it. Even in large doses it could kill a healthy full-grown half-blood. Plus, regular hospitals were much better equipped to deal with pregnant women than a summer camp was. But that didn't mean he had to like them. The