Three Days Percy set his newborn daughter down into her crib for the first time. Months of planning and decorating and finally, with a sleeping baby lying in the midst of it all, the nursery looked like it was finished. He stepped back and put his arm around Annabeth. She leaned into him and for a while, they stood in silence, just watching their child sleep. "Can you believe how beautiful she it?" Annabeth asked quietly. "No." Percy said. He took a deep breath in, feeling the happiest he had ever felt in his entire life. He looked down at his wife, "And she's ours Annabeth, we made her, she's ours." Annabeth reached up and grabbed his hand on her shoulder. Standing beside her, the form of her body pressed into his side, her hand grasping his own, her hair brushing up against his cheek, Percy thought this is my home. This is my family. He mouthed their baby's name, testing it out. Choosing a name had felt like something special, something sacred to him and Annabeth. Speaking it out loud made all of this finally real. They turned to leave the nursery, "Sweet dreams, Hannah Grace Jackson." Eleven Months "Oh gods, Oh gods." Percy was breathless, "ANNABETH GET IN HERE!" She rushed into the living room from the kitchen, her hands still soapy from washing the dishes. "What? What's happen-" Annabeth gasped, a smile breaking out on her face as she gazed down at their daughter, standing for the first time on her own. Percy's grin was just as wide, his hands hovering near Hannah in case she wobbled and fell. Her green eyes peered up at Percy, confused by all of the excitement. Her two tiny pig tails bounced as she wavered and tipped backwards, falling into Percy's hands. He propped her back up again and took his hands away. Annabeth knelt down across from Percy a few feet away. She spoke encouragingly, "Come on, try it again honey." Upon seeing her mother's smiling face, Hannah made grabby motions with her hands, stretching her arms toward Annabeth. Percy nudged her gently, trying to get her to walk forward. Hannah had walked before, but always with the help of either him or Annabeth supporting the majority of her weight by holding her hands. The right foot lifted from the ground, putting her off balance and Percy thought he might have to catch her again. She recovered by setting it down slightly in front of her. The left foot was now off the ground and then set down next to the right. It was a small step, but a step none the less. Percy cheered and locked eyes with Annabeth. They shone with excitement and love, love towards their daughter and love towards him. "Go on, go to mommy." Percy said looking back down at the look of concentration on their daughter's features. The next few steps were hesitant and small, her chubby arms held out like a trapeze artist. Annabeth opened her arms wide as their child toddled slowly toward her. Percy held his breath, watching in fascination as Hannah successfully walked for the first time. It was such a simple act for him and Annabeth, but to their daughter, this was a giant milestone. Just wait till he tells Jason that Hannah walked before their son did. When she finally made it across the impressive distance of three feet, Annabeth scooped her up and showered her with kisses. Hannah giggled and squirmed in Annabeth's arms."Oh you're such a big girl now." She said with a smile on her face. Percy scooted closer, his fingers splayed out and wiggling. Annabeth feigned horror and said to their daughter, "Oh nooo, daddy's coming for you." Hannah giggled again and slid down on Annabeth's lap, her feet touched the carpet, still supported under the arms by Annabeth's hands. Her ladybug shirt had ridden up, exposing her bellybutton to the world. Percy took advantage of that and grabbed his daughter, his fingers tickling her sides as she squealed. He bent down and kissed her tummy, then filled his cheeks with air and gave her a wet raspberry. She laughed and pushed his face away with her hands, squeezing his lips in her fingers. He went back to give her another one, but she had wriggled out of Annabeth's grasp and was standing again. Percy leaned back to give her room and held out his hands. She looked at them, then up at him, then turned and toddled in the other direction. Annabeth laughed, "She's running away from you Percy." And she certainly was. One of Hannah's favorite games was keep away, which involved her crawling quickly around their apartment chased by either mom or dad. She thought it was hilarious in all situations, especially during diaper changing times. Pretty soon she would be able to run away from them instead of crawl. Percy stood up and when Hannah saw he was following her she squealed, losing her balance in her excitement. He picked her up and held her to his chest; she bopped him on the forehead, angry that he ended the game. Four Years "Daddy, daddy, bath time?" Percy cracked open his eyes, the face of his daughter only inches from his own. She was standing tippy toed, hanging onto the edge of the rocking chair. He must have accidentally dozed off again while putting Alexander to sleep. Their almost one year old son was still lying fast asleep in his arms. Percy nodded and put a finger to his lips. Hannah's mouth formed an O and she made the motion of zipping her mouth shut. Percy smiled and kissed her on the forehead before standing. Hannah followed him to the crib and watched as he lay Alexander down for the night. Turning around, he exaggerated tip toeing out of the room. Each step was raised high and lowered slowly to the ground, making Hannah giggle as she imitated her father. Percy quietly shut the door behind them and went to the bathroom. He sat down on the edge of the bathtub and turned on the water, pulling Hannah into his lap. As he started to undo her braids, combing her hair out with his fingers he asked about her first day at preschool. "I got chased by monsters during play time!" Hannah said cheerfully. Percy's hands froze, but she continued, "Nathan was Kronos and I kill him just like daddy did. We made the playground O-lym-pus" She said it slowly, drawing out each syllable, "and the sandbox Tartris!" Percy laughed, his worry sliding away. Hannah was just play pretending to fight monsters with Nathan again. She loved to wrestle with Jason and Piper's kid, the two of them taking turns on who gets to play the hero. He set her hair ties on the ground. "You mean Tar-ta-rus." He said, pulling Hannah's shirt over her head. She practiced the word, "Tar-ta-rus." "That's right!" Percy said, sliding her shorts off her legs and lifting her into the tub. "Did you learn anything today?" "Nope," She said proudly, "The other kids didn't know the alphabet or how to count, but I already did cause mommy taught me." Percy brought an orb of water up to Hannah's head and cupped his hand on her forehead, drawing the water back, wetting her hair. Bath time was always Percy's job. If their kids ever splashed, (and they did quite often) it was impossible for him to get wet. "Make whirlpool Daddy!" Plus Percy could keep them entertained. Other parents complained about how hard it was to get their kids to cooperate for a bath, but Hannah enjoyed them so much thanks to Percy that he and Annabeth never had to worry about it. Percy started a current within the bathtub, making it swirl around his daughter. Her bath toys bobbed as they were dragged along, circling round and round. Hannah grabbed her favorite, a small blue sailboat, and lifted it up. "Tell me about Charbody again," Her eyes sparkled as she looked up, "Wait! Just Uncle Tyson saving you and mommy, that's my favorite." Percy laughed as he scrubbed down her body with soap, how could one toddler get this dirty every day? "You already know that story so well Hannah, didn't you learn some new stories at preschool?" He asked. She pouted and crossed her sudsy arms, "Yeah, but they aren't cool like what you and mommy tell. They're boring, about cookies and mouses and don't have any monsters in them at all!" "I liked those stories growing up." She looked up at him like he was crazy, "Really?" Her already high voice went up even higher in disbelief. "Really." Percy said, "You might like them too the more you hear them." Hannah didn't look convinced. Percy started shampooing her hair, using the strawberry scented one that always reminded him of Camp Half-blood. Hannah yawned, after the initial excitement of bath time wore off she was usually ready to go to sleep right after. He rinsed off her hair and lifted her to her feet, grabbing the towel as he did so. Wrapping the towel around her, he lifted her free of the water, hair and toes dripping on the floor. Having had so much practice doing so, it didn't take Percy long to dry her and get her in her pajamas. He helped her brush her teeth and then it was off to bed. Tonight was Annabeth's turn to read a story and she was already waiting in Hannah's room. Percy gave his daughter a kiss and wished her goodnight. "I love you." "I love you too daddy." Eight Years Percy waved at Hannah from the shore. She was unsteady on her ice skates, but managed to wave as she wobbled in the middle of the lake. A winter retreat had been Annabeth's idea and so he found himself, freezing, standing on the sidelines watching as his family ice skated past him. He was absolutely terrible at ice-skating so he offered to watch their five-year-old son instead. The day had started off cold and had only continued to get colder. Percy's breath left his body in tiny clouds, dissipating into the frigid air. At least it was a beautiful day. The sun shone down on the snow, making the landscape sparkle. He was entertaining Alex by showing him how to pack snow into snowballs. The little boy loved it. Percy hadn't shown him what you do with the snowballs. He didn't want to be the dad with the kid throwing snowballs at strangers. Percy glanced back toward Hannah and saw that his daughter's slow progress on her skates had distanced her from everyone else. Annabeth was taking a break off to the side to take the pressure off of her feet and ankles. As Percy watched, the ice beneath Hannah's feet cracked, sending tendrils extending in every direction. Everyone else rushed to get to the outskirts of the lake, but she didn't move fast enough. No longer able to support her weight, the already weakened ice fell apart. Hannah disappeared from sight as she plunged into the freezing water. Wasting no time, Percy ran to the middle of the lake, stripping off his coat and leaving it lying in the snow. He dived in after her. He could tell the water was cold, but it didn't bother him. It was murky and dark all around; the ice only let a little light in. Although, that didn't matter for Percy, he knew exactly where Hannah was. He swam down; the pond was deep. Grabbing a wide-eyed Hannah around the waist, Percy shot back up as fast as he could. The ice parted for him at the tiniest of nudges, leaving a large opening. As soon as they reached the surface Hannah's hands tightened around Percy's neck. They weren't as cold as he thought they would be. He hoisted Hannah back onto solid ice and pulled