Pick up, pick up, pick up. Percy skirted around the corner, cellphone held to his ear. He slammed his back against the wall and tried to control his breathing. He could still hear it, limping around and moaning. Percy's knees almost buckled beneath him and he struggled to keep it together. Breathe. In and Out. Focus. Pick up. It went to voice mail for the fifth time. It was just as chipper as the last time he heard it a minute ago, "Hi! Jackson residence! We're aren't home at the moment but if you leave yo-" Percy cut the call and froze. He strained his hearing, but didn't pick anything up. Hope sprouted, tiny and timid within him and for the first time all day he considered the possibility of actually living. Carefully peering around the corner, Percy spotted his professor kneeling over the spilled out body of a fellow student, its face buried in the bloody stomach. Percy quickly shut his eyes. Pulling back behind the corner he gave a shaky sigh. It was too much to ask that it had left. He just needed to make it out of the science building, get to his car, and then maybe have some semblance of safety. The only way to get there however was blocked by his professor. He shook his head; it wasn't his professor anymore. Making a split decision that would probably get him killed, he stashed his cellphone in his pocket, gripped his skateboard tightly, and stepped out from behind the wall. He took a tentative step forward, then another one, then another. Being more quiet than he ever had been in his entire twenty years of life, Percy attempted to walk around the otherwise occupied figure. The soft noises of teeth clicking and the squelching of blood was enough to make Percy sick. The sight however almost made him faint the closer he got. It shifted and Percy stilled. Then it buried its face even deeper into the flesh with renewed vigor. Continuing his slow walk, Percy set a trembling foot down directly into a puddle of blood. The ground fell out from beneath him and he crashed onto his butt. Scrambling to his feet, Percy heard a loud moan, and his heart skipped a beat. Before he was standing, it was hurtling toward him and Percy screamed, running for his life. Pure terror and adrenaline coursed through his body. Percy felt like a hot wire sparkling with an intensity he'd never felt before. He made it to the door within a few seconds. There was a body of a boy lying directly outside and Percy lunged at the door trying to wrench it open. It budged, but not enough to let him through. Spinning around, Percy found himself less than ten feet away from it. Moving faster than any of the movies ever made him believe they could, it was almost upon him. Still doing his best not to pass out, Percy gripped his skateboard so hard he thought his fingers might break. Its face so close and gaping and empty, Percy summoned everything he had left and swung. The force of its face breaking sent tremors up his arms and the skateboard clattered to the ground. Percy gripped his hands together. Its body was thrown backward at an awkward angle, the face now sunken, completely unrecognizable. It twitched and Percy quickly picked up the skateboard and slammed it a few more times into the head for good measure. His shaky legs finally gave out and he kneeled next to it. Tears prickled at his eyes, but now wasn't the time. He was in too open of a space to loose his cool. Despite telling himself he had to get moving, Percy stayed kneeling for an indefinite amount of time. He thought about searching the bodies for wallets and taking the contents since it wasn't like they needed it anymore, but it felt so wrong he immediately decided not too. He stood up, skateboard dripping and headed back to the door. Putting his weight against it, it moved slowly and soon he was outside stepping over the boy. The boy's body hadn't been mutilated yet, but it was only a matter of time. Percy spotted a bite mark close to the neck and quickly moved away, leaving the art building far behind him. He made it to his car without once seeing another human being. Well, alive that is. A few bodies stirred when he walked by them and it freaked Percy out, but he wasn't about to go bashing everything he came across. They weren't there, not really, but it still felt wrong when the skateboard collided with and ended an undead life. Unlocking the door, he slid inside and for a moment relaxed. Rubbing his eyes, he was startled by a loud thump. Glancing up, he saw a body slamming itself against his windshield. Fumbling with the keys, he started the car and sped out of the parking lot, wincing from the loud crack when he ran over its body. He drove for an hour before the city loomed above him. Only a few times did he see actual human beings. They all looked as bad as he felt. Twice he stopped and offered a ride. The first time the man refused and said he was headed in the opposite direction. The second time, he mistook one of them for living and felt like crying when he saw how young it looked. Stopping on an overpass where he could see clearly for miles, he got out of the car. Leaning over the railing, Percy emptied his stomach and heaved when there was nothing left. Wiping his mouth, he got back in the car and continued to drive. The fuel gage was almost empty. It wouldn't matter much longer anyway. Once he was in the city, it would be too crowded to continue to drive. The car lasted him longer than he had hoped and he managed to get a few miles in by driving on abandoned sidewalks. Too soon, though it sputtered and died and refused to keep moving. He stared at the steering wheel and mustered up the courage to leave the safety of his car. New York was eerie when it was dead. They called it the city that never sleeps and growing up here, Percy was attuned to the hustle and bustle of its people. Anyone still alive was either holed up or left the city. With humor he didn't know he still had, Percy thought that tumbleweeds would be appropriate. He imagined one blowing past in front of him and smiled before someone came ambling out from a building. Sinking low in his seat, Percy breathed lightly, hoping it would just go away. He kept glancing at his phone and didn't dare look again until an hour had passed. It was gone and he breathed a sigh of relief. It was 7:18. The sun had already set enough to dim his surroundings. Soon it would be dark and Percy didn't fancy moving through an undead city at night. He couldn't spend the night in his car though, too many windows. Looking around he assessed each of the buildings. The part of New York he was in wasn't the nicest of neighborhoods and one of the storefronts had boarded up windows and a padlock on the door. Glancing in the cup holders he grinned when he found a bobby pin. It used to annoy him when Rachel left her things scattered in his car, but he was grateful for her messiness now. His smile died when he remembered. He grabbed the skateboard and the few energy bars he had lying in the back seat and opened the door. He made his way across the street to the store. The padlock was old and Percy had no trouble picking it with the bobby pin. Stepping inside, he pulled the old chain and padlock off and decided to keep them. He looked around briefly at where he would spend the night. Completely empty and dark, he found it no safer than when he was standing in the street. Percy collapsed. It was all too much. All of this was too fucking much. He couldn't handle this right now. He slid down the wall of the abandoned store and brought his knees up to his chest. It was bad enough seeing it all first hand, but now it just kept replaying over and over in his mind. Blood. Blood was the first indicator that anything was wrong and it was everywhere. Percy had gagged at the smell. Flashes of his classmates. Broken windows and sobs and screams. Oh god the screams. He closed his eyes tightly. It didn't stop the images from flooding his brain. One after the other. The bodies were burned into his retinas, forever a part of who he was. His body was shaking and he hugged himself. What he wouldn't give to be wrapped up in his mom's arms like a child again, hidden away from the worst of the world. His eyes stung at the thought of his mother. Tears welled up and threatened to run down his face. He pulled his cellphone out and dialed his home phone. No one answered. It bubbled in his chest and spilled out, loud sobs that he couldn't stop. As quickly as they formed, the tears fell and travelled down his cheeks. He felt like he was going to fall apart. The adrenaline that he had been relying on was fading quickly and left only exhaustion and a splintered feeling in its place. Percy brought both hands up and gripped his head tightly. The eerie quiet surrounding him pressed in on all sides. New York was never quiet. This was wrong. Everything was so wrong. Even if the lights were on and the city moving, Percy could swear he would be able to feel them out there. So not human. So much more like monsters than he ever imagined. It took a long time but the crying ebbed away. He felt lost without it like he didn't know what to do next. He sat up and peered warily out the window through the boards. The street was as he had left it. The lights of the city had stopped shining hours ago. Percy didn't think nighttime could be this dark. Shadows hung everywhere, preventing him from seeing any farther than a block in either direction. When the sun was setting, Percy had expected the darkness, he just didn't expect that he was going to be afraid of it. A loud crash behind him made Percy nearly jump out of his skin. Grabbing his skateboard he whipped around, heart pounding, breath catching, muscles clenching and found himself face to face with – with a girl. She had wild curly blonde hair and grey eyes hard and unrelenting like stone. Her stance was guarded, she was scared but sure of herself and she had a gun pointed at Percy's head. Percy stood immobile, his hands holding the bloodied skateboard in front of his body. It was a poor excuse for defense but it was all he had to work with at the moment. The girl studied him and he her. She spoke first, "Have you been bitten?" "Does it look like I've been bitten?" Percy clamped his mouth shut quickly. Great. Sass the girl who's holding the gun pointed at your face, good survival strategy. "….No." She lowered the gun. "Sorry, can't be too sure." Percy didn't feel quite comfortable lowering the skateboard so he continued to hold it, "Have you been? Bitten, I mean?" She scoffed, "Of course not." Holding out her arms and any other viewable skin, "See."' Percy looked her over and nodded. She seemed to be about his age, a hair shorter than him, but way more confident. He finally put the skateboard down. "I'm Percy." He said. "Annabeth,"