Sixty Seven Part I The Reaping It is a cold morning, and the dark tendrils of Fate have already crept into District Three's dreams, poisoning their hopes and fuelling their fears. There are no screaming children in the square today; no games of hide-and-seek, no tinkering with toys, no laughter, no fun. It seems as though the town is holding its breath, waiting for the inevitable plunge that will snatch two of their offspring away, perhaps and probably forever. For today is the day of the Reaping, and trepidation hangs in the air, waiting to suck all the happiness from people's lives. Today, two families will be saying goodbye to their children. Today, like this day last year, and the year before that, and twenty years ago, and fifty; today, everything will change. I shiver in the cool light of dawn, breathing in the anticipation and dread that one always associates with the beginning of the Games. Along with this annual scent comes the aroma of technology, for this District always stinks of it. Ask anyone living here, and they will answer you that, though not one of them will be able to say why, or even what technology itself smells like. They just know. We all do. District Three is like a sprawling machine, never stopping, always trundling ahead, bumbling our way past the poorer districts, but never quite able to reach the heights of One, Two and Four. Everybody living here is part of the giant mechanism, keeping the mechanics working at the right pace. We are all cogs, gears, spare parts, and we should all always be on hand for any malfunction or problem that arises, for that is who we are. That is who we were born to be. And I hate it. A light hand on my arm startles me out of my reverie, and I jump, struggling to keep my balance on the sloping roof where I am seated. I squint in the dimness, and my eyes can just make out a halo of golden curls and shining blue pupils. I relax, letting down my guard and reaching out for my companion's hand. Lucah. He's been my best friend since before I even knew what the words meant. We grew up together, as our mothers were the closest of people, and his parents knew how to support mine when things got tough. Not that our 'tough' was anything compared to real 'tough'. I know we're lucky, but even so, I feel trapped. I live in Victor's Village. My mother won her Games when she was eighteen. She alone killed half the arena, including her District partner. I can hardly remember her, only glimpses, fragments, of a grey-haired woman, strict in all practices. I don't think love was something she ever felt. After her Games, she married my father for his money, though then she had enough from winning to last several lifetimes. I don't know how my Mum became friends with Lucah's. His mother is warm and kind, with soft brown hair that's always escaping its net, and warm blue eyes. I feel safe when I'm with his Mum, when I'm with Mariette, in a way that I never feel safe anymore with only my broken father and baby brother for company. My mother died when I was six. I suppose I should feel some sadness at the thought, should feel a pang of grief whenever I walk in on my father crying in the kitchen, holding one of her aprons to his chest. But I don't. All I feel is a great empty blackness, and I know its wrong, but I'm glad I didn't know my mother, for I have heard countless tales from the rest of District Three about how ruthless she was when I was an infant. Back then, no-one wanted to cross Yvette Valentine. The pressure of Lucah's hand squeezing mine brings me back to the present once more. I'm surprised to see the sun winking brightly at me, just above the horizon. I must have been silent for a long time. But then, Lucah doesn't mind, for he knows me, and knows that it is what I do when my thoughts get too crowded for me to have space to breathe. I escape, but I always return, only because Lucah is my anchor, and stops me from drowning in the sea of my mind. I smile at him, and he returns it, lighting up his whole countenance with the grin. I laugh, slip my hand from his and slap him lightly across the face. His smile fades, and I know he's thinking about what might happen today. What we may have to lose. I swallow. Living in the Victor's Village, I have never felt the need to sign up for tesserae. But even though Lucah's mother works hard in the apothecary, and his father in the labs, he and his three sisters have been receiving the tokens since they all turned twelve. I feel an anxious knot in the pit of my stomach, for there is about twice the chance of Lucah being picked than me, and we both know it. I have tried time and again to give him and his family some of our money. We have far too much for only three people in our household. But every time I offer, Mariette kindly turns me down with a firm smile, and says something inspiring about making her own way in the world. I never understood it. Surely the money would belong to her more than anybody, for it was my mother's, and Yvette's closest friend was Lucah's mother. But still, she refuses, and every Reaping, I feel a broil of guilt in my stomach that is far worse that any number of butterflies. But every year, Megara, Jolene, Constance and Lucah have made it through. Now the two eldest are nineteen, and they're safe. But right now, I'm sweating, thinking of the possibility of Lucah and Constance heading into the arena to kill or be killed. And the one thing I know about Lucah's family, about the Cartwrights, is the fact that not one of them would ever hurt another living thing. And spending so much time with them, growing up with them, I feel the same way. I shudder to think of any of us being picked for the Games. But no, now is not to time for such morbid thoughts. With Lucah smiling at me, I have something to look forward to. I won't be picked for the Games. None of my friends and family will. It won't affect any of us in the slightest way. I repeat these thoughts over and over in my head, and then aloud, and Lucah nods. "I know, Eulalie. I know. You're safe, we're all safe. Nothing's ever going to happen again." Again. I know what he means. He means my mother, and my elder brother. Both picked for their Games at eighteen; one survived, but the other was not so lucky. My heart pangs now when I think of Xavier. He was far, far older than me, but I worshipped him, and seeing him slaughtered, an axe ripping through skin, bone, muscle; it broke us all. It was not long after that that mother died. Lucah pulls me to my feet, and almost absently brushes a strand of golden hair from my eyes. My heart starts to pound. We've only ever been friends, but now, now I see him truly for the first time, and oh, how I want him close. But he just smiles at me like normal, and I feel my heart sink, stop to race, realising that to him, I will always just be another sister to take care of. Smiling, trying to hide my disappointment, we jump down together from the roof and land on the sodden ground. We see a crowd gathering, already prepared for today. I bite my lips so hard they bleed. I look at Lucah, see his fierce determination. "May the odds be ever in your favour," he whispers, and I disappear into the shadows, towards Victor's Village, for the formal dress laid upon my bed for the formal 'celebration'. I shudder. The Districts are nothing more than docile sheep, and the Capitol are the wolves that will rip us to shreds should we ever stray from their plan. The body heat emanated from the press of fifteen year old girls all around me takes away the cold that has dug itself deep into my bones. Our Capital representative, with a stupid name along the lines of Floral Holiday, is ranting on about the honour of being picked as tribute. I'm drifting away from her speech, until I hear a faint rustling and realise that she is delving into the girl's Reaping ball. I stand stock still, barely breathing, as I watch her turquoise taloned hands grasping around for a slip of paper. They all seem to slide past her saffron dyed fingers and I hold my breath as one life is saved, then another, and another. But finally, her claws grasp once card and she unfolds it, squinting heavily in the sunlight. I pray, pray, pray… "Eulalie Valentine-Cook!" My world stops. I feel the people all around me suddenly rear back, as though I've been tainted. I can taste bile in the back of my throat as I begin to pick my way through the crowd. I'm morbidly surprised by how easy it is. No-one seems to want to touch me now, as though by somehow being close to me, they'll be infected by the Games and have to become the other tribute. I roll my eyes at them, my mask of sarcasm hiding my utter dread. I mount the steps, taking them slowly, drawing out the pain I know my family and Lucah's will be feeling. When I reach Floral, she draws me into a quick hug and I stiffen, not comfortable with such intimacy. "Wonderful!" She states, and I can feel a headache coming on through the crackling of the microphone. "Wonderful! Simply fabulous! Like mother, like brother!" I stand, stupefied, until I realise what she is referring to. Who she is referring to. My hands curl into fists, and I stare out at the darkening sky, over the heads of the crowd, determined not to show any emotion whatsoever. I can feel the cameras watching me, and so I pull myself together and flash a quick, confident smile in their direction. There, that'll throw them, I think savagely. It takes me a moment to realise that Floral is speaking again. "And the male tribute is…" I feel a great surge of relief that my baby brother Sean is only eleven years old. I find his face in the crowd easily, his shock of white-blonde hair alerting me to his presence. He looks horror-struck, staring at me like I'm the Grim Reaper and have come knocking on his door asking for a cup of tea. I quickly avert my eyes, knowing I will break if I watch him any longer. I stare up at the clouds hiding the sun instead, and tune back in to the action. "Royal Springton! Congratulations!" I feel sick to my stomach as I watch the tiniest twelve year old naturally possible totter up onstage. His face is streaked with tears, and I feel a sudden urge to wrap my arms around him. He stands beside me, and I surreptitiously take his hand. I feel his shock, his terror, but he squeezes it ever so slightly and I smile again, valiantly this time, staring straight at the cameras and giving them my fakest grin. Floral is speaking once more, but I no longer wish to hear it. A roaring has begun in my ears, and it is just getting louder and louder. I notice nothing else as I'm escorted offstage, towards the Justice Building. I felt empty before, but now all I