It was done. It was over. As they laid there upon the hot rocks of mount doom, Frodo in Sam's embrace, Sam could only think about how utterly wrong he had been the whole time. How could he have even thought about Rosie Cotton, when in his arms laid the most beautiful creature he had ever laid eyes upon, safe maybe lady Galadriel? That the lips were cracked, skin blemished and the eyes sunken in did not matter. It did not matter, because he knew that he looked the same. He missed a finger, but so what? What did matter was what he could see past all those flaws, superficial as they might be, and see the beauty underneath. He knew more than to judge by appearance. "Frodo." He whispered, or at least he think he did Every daydream seemed so stupid now. Who was he to think, that he could waltz back into the Shire and, if they by any chance had a shot at love, Rosie could understand him and what he had gone through? Fat chance at that. Frodo knew about all the pain and suffering, he had even suffered more than he had… "Stupid dream…" He said to himself. He thought the sentence was lost to the wind, but Frodo's eyes snapped onto his, clearly, he had heard them. "Why Sam? Is it wrong for a person to dream?" Frodo said meekly, just holding on to consciousness, not knowing what Sam was talking about. "No, I didn't say that at all sir. It's just stupid that's all… I don't even know why I thought about it." Sam did not specify what part of his thoughts he meant; he was not quite sure what he was thinking himself. A puddle of lava came close to hitting them, and Sam moved them to a bit higher grounds. "Oh what does it matter? We are going to die here on this rock anyway, who could safe us?" Sam despaired and felt the heat from the lava around them on his skin, and if he had been hydrated enough, he might have perspired from the warmth. His eyes watered, and Frodo felt a few tears land on his forehead. He took his hand and held it against Sam's cheek. "Do not despair Sam and do not fear death. Think of what we have done for the future generations. Think of your family and every other family in the Shire, they can have a future now, free of evil and danger. The orchards and gardens are safe. Merry and Pippin are probably already scheming their next prank…" Sam laughed through tears and hugged Frodo a bit closer. Frodo's thumb caressed the skin near Sam's mouth. "And Rosie… I know how you feel about-" "Begging your pardon Frodo, but I think I'm past thinking about Rosie Cotton in that way. It was just a hopeless dream after all… I do not even think that it was anything more than a crush. Stupid puppy love-" "Sam!" "But it's true! Look at us! How can I ever think about having another woman in my arms, when you lay in them? How can I think of Rosie when you always look upon me with those big, beautiful, blue eyes of yours?" Sam froze and turned his head away from Frodo and his hand fell from his face. The look he had given him before he turned, told him that he had heard him. Quite clearly, it looked like. "Sam?" "Now don't you go all 'Oh, Sam' on me. I know you heard, but I told you it's just a stupid-" Before Sam could say anything more, he felt a peck of cracked lips on his clavicle, slightly sucking the skin there. Nothing more, but that was the nearest Frodo could reach without having to overexert himself. Sam felt his chest tighten and his throat go, possibly, even drier. "Oh Sam!" Frodo muttered into his shoulder, lips pressed against the skin. "I don't know what to say-" "You don't have to say anything mister Frodo. Just pretend you never heard it." "What good would it do, Sam? We are going to die here anyway, so why pretend anything?" They looked at each other and Sam thought once again how beautiful Frodo looked. He wondered when he first started thinking about Frodo like that. He closed his eyes and kissed the top of Frodo's head. Then he kissed his forehead and rested his own against it. He opened his eyes and looked into the blue ones before him, before they closed. He was about to lean I further, when suddenly he could hear a flapping close by and turned away for a moment to observe. His heart jumped. "Eagles! Look, eagles mister Frodo! We are gonna make it! Gandalf is coming for us!" Sam said and looked down to Frodo. Frodo smiled at him and then his eyes closed again and his head lolled onto Sam's shoulder. "Frodo!" Sam heard the flapping of wings next to him, and before he knew any better, he was in the claws of one, and flying away only to see another take hold of an unconscious Frodo. The farther away they got from mount doom, the colder the air got, and Sam felt the effects of being close to the enormous heat of Mount Doom. His skin was burning, even now, but the wind was quite nice on his red and blistering skin. He looked over to Frodo in the clasp of the other eagle, and then touched his hand to his clavicle. It was not just because of the heat, that his skin there burnt. When Sam woke up from a sleep he did not know he had fallen into, the first thing he noticed was relaxation. Release from all that pain. Sam thought that he had possibly gone to The Great Halls, but then he remembered the eagles, Gandalf and oh- "Frodo!" Sam sat up in his bed and instantly a hand was on his chest, pushing him back. He heard Elrond mutter to him. "Easy there, Samwise Gamgee, you have had a long journey. Rest now and we will answer to any questions you might have." Sam looked up, saw Elrond, and was only slightly surprised to see Gandalf at his side. Elrond had a bowl of soup in his hand and handed it to Sam. Sam graciously took it and started to dig in. Even if he had questions in his mind, he was too hungry to ask right now. "Careful it might be hot. This is just something to start out with, so that your body can get used to eating again. You were both very malnourished when you came here." Sam looked up. "How is Frodo? Can I see him?" Sam asked, looking at them both. The soup was nice and filling, nothing like the dry lembas bread he'd eaten for who-knew-how-long. It was Gandalf who answered his question with a small smile. "You may as soon as you are fit to stand on your own legs. And Frodo is fine. He is resting, just as you should be." They both got better eventually. Sam got better before Frodo, but thanks to the excellent care by lord Elrond, they both got better very quickly. Frodo didn't mention or talk about their conversation and actions on Mount Doom, and Sam didn't know if he had forgot it, chose to ignore it or a third thing all together. He also did not know if he was relieved or disappointed about it. For a few moments, up there, it had all seemed so good. It had felt like a brighter future was near. And it was. The future was bright indeed. The world was saved. Thanks to Frodo. The rest of the fellowship came to visit them in Rivendell. Merry and Pippin were ready to journey back to the Shire, and Sam could not agree more with them. Frodo was reluctant to yet again say goodbye to Bilbo, but he knew that he belonged in the Shire. And Bilbo was in good care with the elves. After they came back to the Shire, Sam had, in his mind, given up the idea of courting Rosie Cotton. The images of those few moments on Mount Doom haunted his dreams at night. He could not forget them, even though he tried. He tried for Frodo's sake, because he felt that even though they spent most their time together, that Frodo had distanced himself from him, and that it was his fault, for opening his big mouth. He had ruined a good friendship, all because of a stupid dream. However, he continued to dream, and soon those dreams became his only escape from his, otherwise, tumbled emotions. Smacking of lips, no longer chapped or dry, sounded and Sam felt as if his heart might jump out of his chest. A hand in his hair tugged him closer to those searching lips, and a tongue ran over the parting of his own, tasting the breath inside. Sam felt his arms tighten around a small waist and felt himself respond to the lips. He nibbled them and licked the cheek belonging to… "Frodo…" "Yes Sam?" Sam snapped his eyes open and found blue staring back at him. Had it not been for the emotion inside them, he might have thought his dream had never ended. The eyes showed confusion and a bit of anxiousness. "Mister Frodo! I'm sorry! I was just, taking a nap you see?" Sam tried reasoning, his voice hoarse. He looked around and found himself and Frodo in the garden behind Bag End. He was resting on a bed of moss, with Frodo looking down at him. "Yes I see that Sam." Frodo said and his anxiousness was replaced with happiness inside his eyes. He smiled and offered his hand to Sam. He took it and Frodo hauled him up, standing beside him. "I thought you were having a nightmare again, so short of breath you sounded. I should know, I've been having my fair share of nightmares lately." Sam didn't have the heart to tell him who was haunting him in his own dreams. He sighed and looked somewhere past Frodo. "I'm sorry, you've been having nightmares and I've been ignorant to it all this time. Why you were the one to suggest I move into Bag End, so that we could help each other out with these things…" Sam sighed again and looked into the blue eyes before him. "I'm sorry." He repeated. Frodo exhaled. "It is fine Sam. I understand if you are not ready to share the episodes of your nightmares with me. I don't think that I myself could-" "But that's what's wrong Mister Frodo! Don't you see?" Sam suddenly felt words storming out of him, words he had no control over. "I have had nothing but sweet dreams since we came back from Rivendell. Since we came back from Mount Doom." Frodo looked at him again in anxiousness and flinched. "Sam please don't bring this up…" "No! I can't go around pretending to be healing from some epic journey with you, when I'm not! At least not the kind of healing you are doing. I can't go around any longer, letting you think that my 'getting short of breath' is not because I dream of escaping from evil monsters, but because I dream of being with you!" He sniffed and ran his finger under his nose. He turned away from Frodo and his stunned facial expression. "Here I go again, opening my big mouth. You big fool, Samwise Gamgee, can't you do anything right?" He stood still for a moment and felt Frodo's eyes bore into his back. He almost heard his thoughts, so loud and big were they. It felt like the silence would never end, and his gaze drifted over the blooming flowers of Frodo's garden. Flowers he had planted after they