If my heart had not been silent for well over a century, I am sure the sight before me would have stopped it. A petite brunette was stepping down from the driver's seat of an overloaded pick-up. She stretched unconsciously, no doubt stiff from hours of travel. The sunlight behind her, though diluted by thick clouds, perfectly illuminated her soft curves beneath a cotton t-shirt. The image burned behind my eyelids, even as I willed myself to remember that I could not afford to be distracted by her unexpected physical perfection. Not that I expected Bella Swan to be anything short of perfect in any other way. It was on her reputation that I had chosen the State of Washington as the location for my special dinner with select friends. I had researched the best caterers and specifically chosen her because she was well known to source all of her ingredients personally, from only organic suppliers of the highest standards. She could also proficiently prepare meals for up to a dozen people on her own. Along with professional references, I'd done a full background check on Bella. More important than the raves reviews regarding her culinary talent was her unblemished reputation for discretion. This trait was appreciated by those clients who were not necessarily well known, but valued their privacy while indulging in activities that were less palatable to most of society. The availability of the right caterer had led to a real estate search. I'd closed on the purchase of a multi-story, modern home a few weeks ago. There was ample room for my guests on the upper floors, with plenty of bedrooms featuring doors opening out onto balconies. The house was well secluded. Bella's gaze was now traveling from one side to the other of my home's imposing façade; her lips moved as she counted the shining windows. She looked to the front door, to the coolers and boxes loaded high in her truck, and then to the long driveway that twisted through ancient trees more than a mile back to the state highway. Her long lashes seemed to beckon to me as she blinked, overwhelmed. She chewed her lip, and I heard her heart beat a little faster. However, I could not hear a single thought from her mind, though I could sense a torrent behind those chocolate eyes. In my centuries of existence, I had never met anyone that I could not hear. The possibility was so unimaginable; I could hardly believe it. If I still slept, I might have wondered if it was a nightmare. We stood on opposite sides of a wall of glass, myself invisible thanks to the light of the setting sun behind her. I could guess anxiety was starting to war with her professionalism. Should she enter, or would it be best for her to return to the safety of her vehicle, turn the engine on and never spare a glance in her rearview mirror? She could not leave. A crucial step in convincing others to come to my way of life was to show just how enjoyable my diet could be. This meant that I needed to serve the absolute best. I had been organizing this weekend-long retreat for over a year. More to the point, I had been planning an event like this in some fashion for several decades, ever since my mentor, Carlisle, had taught me about his way of life. I have more than embraced our form of vegetarianism, working alongside him for the greater good. Not being able to monitor the thoughts of the human I had hired for this weekend was a complication. But, I would not allow it to be a reason for abandoning my plans or even distracting me from them. Pushing my worries and my curiosity about Miss Swan to the back of my mind, I opened the door and crossed the gravel driveway giving her my best, closed-lip smile. Bella's eyes grew wide when she caught sight of me. Her mouth fell open as her breath caught and the rhythmic thumping of her heart lost a beat. I nearly stopped myself, frozen in alarm at the sudden absence of the alluring sound of her warm-blooded life. However, she composed herself quickly, giving me back my own composure. The brave girl even took a half step forward before I could meet her. "You must be Bella Swan," I said, offering her my gloved hand. She blinked several times before taking my hand briefly, but firmly. "Yes, are you Mr. Cullen?" she asked. I repressed the urge to scowl at her formality and kept my voice light as I corrected her. "Edward, please. I feel as if we're old friends after all the phone calls and e-mails I've pestered you with." "Friends?" she repeated her face scrunching up as if the word tasted sour in her mouth. Something twisted inside me at her reaction. Humans often used the word "friend" to describe those they interacted with, so much so that it seemed to have virtually no meaning for that species. For myself, I had very few true friends, as I had so many reasons to be careful with those I trusted. Though I could not hear what she was thinking, part of me was sure that I had taken her by surprise. Bella imbued significant meaning in the word friend but did not particularly want me to use it toward her. Why? Could she somehow subconsciously sense that I would not be a good friend to her? We stood there looking at each other. "May I help you bring some of this inside?" I finally broke the tension. "You can pull around to the far corner. There's a ramp that leads into the kitchen so we won't have to manage the stairs." Bella shook her head. "That won't be necessary," she said, moving protectively in front of the truck's tailgate. "As I explained, I can handle everything on my own." Despite my anxiety, I smiled at her stubbornness. "Ah, but as I recall, our contract specified that you were to prepare your wondrous meals for my guests," I paused, for the next part had not been stated in any form in our formal agreement or any of the casual e-mails we'd previously traded. "We didn't say one way or the other whether I could assist you. If you didn't want me to help, you should have specified." Bella crossed her arms over her chest. It did not escape my notice that the light t-shirt was somewhat see-through thanks to the slant of light. My gaze lingered and I could see a blush deepening the color of her skin from her face, down her neck, and lower, beneath that thin cotton. I hadn't been with a female of my species or hers for well over a decade. In truth, I'd been too distracted by my work to miss the feeling of soft curves beneath my fingers. The way those long dormant desires flared up at just the sight of her standing before me was as unexpected as her silent mind. I squeezed my eyes shut for a moment, pushing down the urges that could only be a distraction from my important work. I could handle my own baser instincts. "We agreed that I would keep to myself in the kitchen," she said. "It seems a bit out of the spirit of our agreement to have you walking in and out." "Humor me," I insisted. "As you might have guessed, I'm a bit of a foodie, and I'd love to get a sneak peek at your ingredients. Plus, it will help me work off some nervous energy before my event begins." At this, she raised an eyebrow, "You don't have other things to do to get ready?" I shook my head and raised my hands in a helpless gesture. "Months of proper planning has its downside." She didn't answer, but got back into the truck, moving it to where I had suggested. I was careful to walk at a human pace to meet her. She had just gotten out and was reaching for a crate in the bed of her truck, her back turned to me. As she stretched, her shirt rose above the waist of her jeans, exposing an inch of porcelain skin. My mouth unexpectedly pooled with venom, but I swallowed both the poison in my mouth and the lust that was clouding my brain. Bella turned back to me, a wooden crate of sugar pumpkins in her arms, which she handed to me silently. I smiled as she stared me in the face. Her eyes grew wider, and her breath hitched. A scent far more delicious than the pumpkins between us flavored the air. I didn't dare to move, and she still grasped the crate in her hands. "Did you want to carry something yourself," I teased. "Or did you want me to just show you the kitchen and come back for the rest?" Her sunset-rivaling blush deepened, and she let go of the crate and turned away, awkwardly climbing into the truck bed to grab another box. I shifted my own load to one arm, offering her my hand to help steady her as she jumped down. As my fingers connected with her elbow, I felt an electric hum pass between us. Bella swayed back and forth as if she felt it as well, but was torn between pulling away from me and pressing closer. I took a deep breath to calm by scattered thoughts. However, because of my closeness to Bella as I inhaled, I had inadvertently pulled in her scent the way I would if I had been hunting. A long-forgotten monster inside of me growled in pleasure at her sweet blood. "Are you all right?" she asked, her breath fanning across my face. I opened my eyes, not having been aware I'd shut them. Looking at her eyes helped. Bella's gaze was concerned and innocent. It steadied me to think of her that way: kind, and in need of protection. I could control the monster inside of me, even if it meant having to take a double dose of the formula I'd been relying on for decades. "I'm fine," I said. "Let me show you to the kitchen." Though my instincts were screaming at me to keep Bella locked in my gaze and close the small space between us, I turned away and led her down toward the subgrade doors and into the kitchen. The basement needed to be completely remodeled after I purchased the property. I was more than capable of designing and installing the necessary mechanical systems to transform the below-ground space into a restaurant-quality kitchen with top of the line appliances. The men who delivered the professional ranges and the walk-in cooler were surprised at where they were to go but relieved that there was a ramp into the lower area. I could only imagine what they would think if they knew that the many thousands of dollars' worth of equipment were all for one person to use for only one weekend. Hiring Bella Swan was not a risk I took lightly, but I thought I was well prepared. I had also designed and furnished a comfortable apartment alongside the kitchen in the basement. To be sure my human chef would have no reason to be bored and want to stray from this area, I installed a flat screen television and blue-ray player. A floor-to-ceiling bookcase was stocked with not only her favorite titles (hacking an Amazon account is laughably easy) but many more films and books that were recommended for her by the online company that could predict a human's minds almost as well as I could. Not satisfied with the look once I had placed my purchases for Bella in there, I filled up the remaining space with some of my own books, which showed a bit of age. "Wow," she paused upon