20 Twilight Tricks and Treat Contest Welcome to Hummingbird Haven … population: BPOV There's a slight nip in the air that slowly chills from skin to bone as the blazing orange sun disappears into the black horizon. Celtic violins set our rhythm for our parade, and the aromatic herbs and scented oils from the rounded, candle-lit pumpkins that line our paths, smolder our senses. We make our way to the gathering grounds in hooded robes and bare feet. We collectively pace throughout the designated worn tracks bringing our flaming torches to our destination; and not a word is spoken only the sweet hum that follows the violins. Harvest time in Hummingbird Haven is not the usual cornfield or vegetable garden. We don't raise chickens, pick cotton or milk cows. We are a community of females. The chosen give birth, the others diligently deliver. The Mother Priestess presides over the ceremony as we all celebrate the growth of the coven. This year, at the stroke of Midnight, five female infants are to be born into privilege as the reigning heirs to the throne. Every twenty-first year, the rulership changes hands. The Five Elders sit in counsel as the new five take command. At the beginning of each winter, our Priestess searches for our seeds, as we indulge of the flesh for procreation. We abandon and clear the minds of our male donors. We each have our responsibilities in our community. We serve for a better environment. We protect clearly what is ours, and we nurture our growth. Descendants of the Amazons, we are a new generation of female dominance, capable of surviving and existing without the influence of the deterrent male. Nine Months Earlier: We, the Chosen Five, wait for Esme's permission to begin our evening with our donors. It's all so cold and impersonal, but it's for the good of our community, our coven. I am a warrior, as are Rose and Charlotte. While Alice and Kate are nurturers. We stand strong and tall for the good of our people. We protect and guard with great responsibility and pride. The lives of our sisters depend on our abilities to shield them from harm and keep them safe. It's almost seven, and none of us are ready. At this moment, we are all giddy in our thoughts about tonight. This is just a formality. We meet our male counterparts and drink until the joy fills our senses. There are five private rooms at the Inn reserved for our 'planting.' I'm ahead of myself; I need to begin at the beginning. My head is a little light since we continue to drink the sweet ambrosia. Rose dances around the room, as her pale blonde, hip-length hair of waves falls over her bare behind and Brazilian front. She giggles, "I feel a draft." She then pretends to cover herself, and with her arms over her head, she spins about the room laughing freely. "This is so delightful and I hope naughty." We are all 'dressed' in the same way. To prepare for our bonding ritual, we all are baby bare; a requirement set down through the ages. The easy access provides more chances for success. Rose always adds, "And more pleasure." We have a full choice for our enjoyment, as long as we allow the male to plant his seed after the stroke of midnight. There are no restrictions for foreplay, sexual positions or afterplay, and we must return to the coven before the break of dawn. Esme implores us, demands, that we meet with her in her quarters to receive the last dose of the production potion. Should we fail to do so, all will be lost and a new generation nonexistent. Rose grabs my hands, and we dance around. She pulls me closer as I smell the liquor on her breath, "Bella, you're so light on your feet." I lightly shove her back. "You're not my type, Rosebud." " Nor you mine. I want a thick, long cock tonight," she drools in pleasure. "One that will unforgettably satisfy me." She continues to dance by herself. Charlotte shouts, "Looks like Rose is ready." " I've been ready for a very long time. I want my due. I've worked hard for this, and I deserve the pleasure of bearing a child. And as warriors, you, Bella and I will have that." She looks at Kate and Alice. "And they have earned their right as true nurturers." " You have not complained of my recipes and potions," Alice adds. " I find you and Kate to have been the best," Charlotte compliments. I laugh, "We are filled with much anxiety and anticipation. We warriors are of a bold nature, as you nurturers are quiet and tame." Alice stands and shoves me backward with a smirk on her face. She points a finger and demands my attention to her words. "Don't think us to be tame and demure, Bella. I am as passionate and fierce as … any … warrior!" Impressed by her strength and her bravery, I comment, "I hold myself in check, Alice. I apologize for my assumption." " I can shoot a rifle, aim a bow, and throw a knife at any target and hit the bullseye every time. Because I chose to channel my abilities in a quiet manner, doesn't mean I cannot fight." she growls. " Then, I worry for your donor tonight, thinking he has a kitten … when in fact, he will have a tiger." I ponder. "I am in wonderment as to who will be drawn to Esme's spell for each of us." " I hope mine will be handsome and gentle," Alice dreamily sighs. Rose stops her dance and declares, "He'd better be long and thick." I shake my head. "Knowing Esme, we will all have handsome, intelligent males …" I look at Alice, "With proper etiquette and propriety." Then, I glance at Rose. "And sexual prowess." She fist pumps. Kate finally speaks, "I am nervous." Charlotte picks up a brush and begins to run it through Kate's long, honey hair. "Oh, Kate, it only hurts for a moment, and then the pleasure begins" " That's not what I'm concerned about. Will we be able to leave at the expected time?" She frets. " That's what the male potion is for Kate. They will sleep and forget. There is no room for error, as long as they have that last drink," I explain. " But what if it doesn't take or they don't drink it all?" she asks. " You doubt Esme?" I shout. Kate hangs her head and quietly whispers, "No." " Then, there is no need for worry. We have been groomed for this night for twenty-one years. Nothing will go wrong." I adamantly answer. "Now, finish getting dressed. We must report to Esme in a few minutes for inspection." The Inspection: Single file, we walk into Esme's sitting room and stand before her. She sits on a red velvet, high-back chair with her hands on her lap. She smiles at each one of us. " Ladies, you look lovely." We all answer with a 'thank you.' " I see all of you have drunk from the ambrosia." She smiles. "That will calm your nerves and ready you. Rosalie, you first. Come forward." Rose carefully approaches Esme, spins around and faces front with her hands by her sides. " You look very beautiful in this red color, Rosalie. The sweetheart neckline enhances your full breasts, and the fitted mini shows your small waist, curvy hips, and wonderfully long legs. The coven will be proud of your choice." " Thank you, Mother Es." " I promised you will not be disappointed in the male I have selected for you. He's tall and masculine and possesses the instrument you so desire." Rose broadly smiles and squeals. " Yes, I know you look forward to the bonding. You, of all the girls, will bring forth a determined female." Esme nods and Rose returns to the line. " Charlotte." Charlotte stands before Esme and smiles. " I love the bold, Kelly green sequins. You sparkle with joy. But it is quite true how green brightens a redhead's hair." Charlotte turns, moving her hair to the side, to show a bare back. "Oh my, this truly is alluring." Well done, Charlotte." Charlotte blushes. "Thank you, Mother Es." " Your male will softly speak of many interests that you share, but his touch will be of fire and desire, Charlotte. He will challenge you, but you will dominate." She returns to the line. " Alice." Alice gracefully walks with assurance in front of Esme. "Mother Es." " I like your confidence, Alice. This dress is stunning. Your lavender eyes glow from the purple satin chiffon. The one strap has a nice touch to your collarbone. Your design and sewing skills once again amaze me. And I like that your dark hair hangs on the bare side. Very nice touch." She turns. "Oh, the three straps that fan across your back are eye-catching." " Thank you, Mother Es." " Alice, you will find your male extremely handsome. His pale blue eyes will only see you. Your time with him will be long and fruitful. He will accept the final potion without protest. They all will." " Thank you, Mother Priestess." " Bring him some of your poppy muffins." She giggles. "He will be putty in your hands." Alice walks back in line. "Oh, after all the videos, I know what to do with my hands, My Priestess." " Yes, I know you studied well." We all laugh. " Kate." Kate nervously stands to fidget with her hands. Esme stands and embraces her into a warm hug. "Now, dear Kate, there is nothing to fear." " You know me, Mother Es; I am a worrier, not warrior." She hiccups a giggle. We all roll our eyes at her. " There, there, you will be fine. Let me look upon you." She returns to her chair and gazes over the dress, looking at Alice. "Once again, Alice, you have outdone yourself in your creation." Alice broadly smiles. "Thank you, Mother Es." " I love the gold beading on the halter top and the full, chiffon skirt. It almost matches her hair. You're a beacon, Kate. Try to stop worrying." " Yes, Mother Es." " Your male will tower over you, bringing you security and trust. He is strikingly handsome." She looks at all of us. "They all are breathtaking in their appearance. I was drawn to all five for each and every one of you." Kate sighs. "I will do my best to please him." " On the contrary, he is there to please you." " Yes, My Priestess." She returns to the line, and I squeeze her hand. "See?" " And Bella." I walk to the front, as Esme scrutinized my every step. " I thought you to wear blue, Bella." " I changed my mind to the black one, Mother Es. The blue was too revealing. You wanted us to be alluring, not trampy," I admit. " Yes, that is true. This is a fantastic choice. The stretch lace down your sides leaves a hint of skin and the fitting shows your womanly curves. The bare shoulders, like Rosalie, are sensually seductive in a nonslutty way." She winks at me. " I am glad this pleases you, Mother Es." " All five of you please me. You have been groomed for this very night and for the months to come. My girls, you will become women tonight; shed your innocence, enjoy the pleasures, and become with child. I have chosen your donors wisely, and they will approach each and every one of you. They will be gentle, Kate." And she laughs, "And rough, Rosalie." She shakes her head while Rose fist pumps. "I have a vial for your donors. Guard it well and have them drink from it before you part.