Rosalie's Pov It was almost time for me to head to the office. I stopped the water and grabbed my towel, drying off, rubbing my hair dry with it after. I threw on my robe and decided to check my phone that was on its charger at the time. Seven missed calls and five text messages, I counted, and they were all from Mr. Black himself. They all read: "Answer my calls, Miss. Hale." "Call me back ASAP." "Rosalie, I know you're there because you've always got that phone in your hand, now call me back." "This is no joke, Rose; I need you to get here earlier for a meeting, now call me!" "Damn it, Miss. Hale! You better have a good reason as to why you're not answering. I better be getting a call from you in the next five minutes." This was laughable. I couldn't stop grinning. The time stamp on the last text was about seven minutes ago so I was going to be reprimanded for that. My phone went off just as I was about to dial his number. "Ten minutes ago I sent that last one, Miss. Hale! You're late." Alright, alright. Good lord, the guy couldn't hold his panties down for a few minutes. I regretted it, but I dialed his number anyways. He answered on the second ring. "Miss. Hale." No hellos, just my name. Alright, I would play along. "Mr. Black." I could just see the huff he blew into my ear as I responded back. "Why weren't you answering me?" "Can't a girl get ready for work instead of answering her phone?" I asked, my tone sarcastic. "No, Miss. Hale. You can't. You work at my office; your life is mine." "Really now? Did you seriously just say that to me, Jacob?" "I did, and you will show me respect and call me Mr. Black. Am I clear?" "Oh, crystal." "Good, now I need you to get to the office for a meeting right away. We have some things to discuss." "As you wish, my Lord." He sensed my sarcasm and hung up. No goodbye or anything. This guy seriously had everyone by the balls, assuming they had any. I blow dried my hair as best I could and then dressed in my black skirt, with a white tank and a jacket over that. I grabbed my makeup, bag, and keys then headed for my car. This was the time where I had to put my mastery skill to work. Doing my make up as I drove. My job called for that a lot. I grabbed a few things that I would put on and started the ignition. I pulled from the driveway and I started to head to work putting on my liner first. I had the wheel in my hand at the same time, looking around me and watching as I drove. I put on the mascara next, and with the last swipe I was pulling into the parking lot of our four story building. I flashed the security guy my badge and he opened the gate. I parked and headed in. Mr. Black's office was at the top of the building so he can regain his dominance over everyone, or at least he thinks so. I pressed the button for level four and it took me upstairs. I smoothed down my skirt, pulled my shirt down, and straightened myself before I knocked lightly and then entered his office. He was at the desk, rapping his fingers along the surface as he always did when someone was late. He said nothing and I stilled. There was another knock on the door before the person walked in. It was him. My rival. My enemy. Mr. Emmett Cullen. We stared at each other before Mr. Black broke our attention by clearing his throat and we looked to him. He pointed to the chairs. "Have a seat, both of you." I couldn't help but wonder what business he wanted us to do together this time. Last time I worked with Emmett he got a huge head and acted as if he was better than me. I focused all of my attention on Mr. Black as he began speaking. "I've called you both into my office for this meeting because you two are my best associates. Now, do either one of you object to working together?" I did, but I wouldn't say that. Neither would Emmett. We both wanted to be the best and it would be a competition to see who came out on top. We both stayed silent. "I will take that as a no then. Good. This company thrives on clients. We need the best of the best. I have received word of a client out there for us to win over. It will be a struggle to get him on our team, but we can do it with the two of you working him over. It won't be easy though." "So you're making us work together to capture a man's money?" "Exactly, Rosalie. Your beauty, Emmett's charm-the both of you will have this guy eating from your hand." "Well, I'm down. Sit back, pretty girl. This isn't child's play," he said, sounding almost too confident. "Oh, you wish you were that good, Emmett Cullen. I will crush you like a grape!" "Enough!" Mr. Black slammed his hand on the desk, breaking up our argument. "You will both work together and that is final. So get used to it. The client isn't staying around here. He's in another state. So you two will be traveling to go see this guy for a meeting with him." He smirked then shifted to the side of the desk we were on and sat on top of it. "This should be fun. A whole trip with Big Head himself," I spat. "I guess you'd be the one to talk. You're the one with the issues with traveling." "Jesus, Lord. You guys are worse than children! Here." He swiped two tickets from the desk, handing each of us one. We looked at them. "These are dated tomorrow. We have to leave for the flight tomorrow and you just told us?" "Yes, Rosalie. Now go take the day off and get ready and well rested. You both have a big day tomorrow and you do not come back till this guy is eating out of your hands." "Yes! Trip, here we come! Well, me and the mouse," Emmett shouted. We both left the office. Emmett Game day! I was excited to get out and go do something new in another state to capture this man's heart and money. Sounds harsh, but that was our job. You almost had to be heartless. I stood at the gate to our plane and, of course, Rose was not here. I knew she would chicken out. Anything with me helping, she'd rather die. I have a tendency to do that to her. We were rivals; of course we hated each other. I turned at that last thought and saw her strolling up to the gate as stiff as could be. She made it in time because the stewardess announced we could board the plane and, just as they said it, Rose stopped a few passengers behind me, freaking out. She froze as the line started moving and everyone started ramming into her. "NO! I will not board the plane! Please don't make me!" I nodded to the attendant then went to Rose and stood by her. "Rosie, you have to go. This is your job. This is the first time he's letting the two of us go-do you want to prove him wrong?" I couldn't believe I was helping my rival but I needed the competition. "You win-I'll tell him so-but I am not going, Emmett! Go have fun and, as you heard, don't come back without the guy's interest," she said, her voice shaky. With that, she grabbed her bag, starting to turn, but I grabbed her arm and the luggage she had and gently guided her to the attendant and gave her our tickets. She went in depth describing where our seats were and told us to have a good flight. I seated Rose, put her luggage up, and then looked down at her. Her fingers clenched the arms of the chair as she stared ahead but I saw tears streaming down her face. At that moment, I could swear I had a heart because I felt like an ass for making her join. It should have been her decision. I touched her cheek then I told her where I'd be if she needed. The plane took off and Rose started screaming. Her bloody murder screams could knock anyone down. The stewardess was trying to calm her but it didn't work. Rose was badass but planes were her weakness. I went over to her, switching my seat with another passenger. I needed to calm Rose down and keep her calm before they decided to turn the plane back around and kick us off. A few years ago, Rose's job was really taking off for her so anything that would get in the way or jeopardize that, she'd refuse. Her parents were going on a vacation and she decided to stay back. She saw them off, standing at the window to wait for their plane to take off. Just as it did, the plane blew up. The impact blew through the window and knocked her down, glass and plane parts flying everywhere. Her parents died right before her eyes and she couldn't do anything about it. She didn't believe it. She couldn't. I knew the story because she told our boss and then the paper had every detail in an interview with her. Everyone's heart broke. I should have known before having her board with me this would happen, or that the heartless Mr. Black would understand and not send her. I looked over and she was bracing herself, stilled and lost in her own thoughts. I just hoped she was okay. "Rose, it'll be okay. We'll be okay," I said in what I'd hoped was a soothing voice while rubbing circles on her back with my palms. She looked up with tears in her eyes and shook her head but said nothing. I pulled her into my arms and held her while she cried into my shirt. Rose and I might be bitter enemies-I still didn't know why that was-but I was not a heartless bastard. I knew when a woman was hurt, even scared, and I would comfort them, no matter who they were. I held her while she cried and, after an hour, she finally dozed off; she had cried herself to sleep. I leaned her back into her seat and put my jacket under her head so she didn't wake with a crick in her neck. I put my headphones on and jammed out to my favorite metal band 'Metallica,' leaning my head against the seat to try and relax a bit. We had a long three-hour flight ahead of us. I tried to sleep but my mind had other plans. And a couple hours later we landed. I nudged Rose awake, we left the plane to go get our luggage, and then went to the motel where our reservation was at. We checked into the room at the motel that Jake had reserved for us. I thought it was a little ironic that he only reserved one room with one bed in it for Rosalie and I. I chuckled at that thought. But it would do since we were not going to be here long. Rose had finally stopped shaking since we arrived an hour ago. Once we settled in, I ordered pizza and had it delivered. We watched television for a little while and, with the jet leg, fell fast asleep. We had a big day ahead of ourselves tomorrow. Rosalie Today