Full summary: The hardest part I know is giving up a little bit of my control... I've been lying to myself. I don't need nobody else. But I do, I need you - The Hardest Part by Laura Welsh ft. John Legend "I can't believe I'm doing this. I hate romantic grand gestures. I ranted about it for a solid hour just a couple of weeks ago. But here I am, about to make the biggest ass out of myself in the hope of winning him back. When the hell did my life become a chick flick?" 11th grade was hell for Bella; Jacob Black and Leah Clearwater made sure of that. Bella was looking forward to a low key summer that didn't involve any interaction with her bullies. But it turns out, she has more pressing issues to deal with, namely her mom who can't stop cheating on her husbands. Fed up with Arizona, Bella flees to California to stay with her dad and stepmother for the summer. Her dad's neighbors, the Cullen family, take it upon themselves to befriend Bella. One Cullen in particular, Edward, makes Bella feel a lot of conflicting things, and she's pretty sure he does it to annoy her. He "hangs out" with a new girl every other day, and Bella is adamant about never getting involved with a player again. But the more they spend time together, the more they both seem to change. She doesn't know it yet, but spending time with the Cullens, her dad, and stepmother is just what she needs. One summer completely changes Bella's views on friends, family, and love for the better, but not without some drama along the way. After all, change rarely comes easy. There will be angst, mainly in the beginning and towards the end, but there will be more humor, fluff, and fun. Used to be Cheater, Cheater, Pumpkin Eater, but I'm changing it up. "Mom, I'm ho- holy crap!" I started as I crossed the threshold of our front door and then broke into a curse when I realized that there were two very naked bodies tangled together on the couch. I immediately slapped my hands over my eyes and tried to think of anything other than the image seared into my brain. This wasn't the first time I had walked in on my mom and my most recent stepfather in a less than decent position, but that didn't make the experience any less traumatizing. "I-Isabella," my mom, Renee, sputtered. The sound of clothes hurriedly being pulled on filled the awkward silence. "You weren't supposed to be home for another couple of hours." "I think I'm coming down with something. I started to feel a little nauseated when I got to the gym, so I just came back," I responded awkwardly. I didn't mention that what had made me nauseous was seeing Jacob Black and his buddies catcall, hoot, and gesture obscenely at a girl as they followed her into the gym. "James, I didn't see your car in the driveway so I assumed it'd be safe to come into the house," I joked. The sounds of rustling clothes finally stopped so I assumed they were both dressed. "Uh, right," a vaguely familiar, male voice answered uncertainly, and I uncovered my eyes. Phil, our next door neighbor, stood abashedly next to my mom. Realization hit me and my stomach dropped in disappointment. It suddenly felt like my lungs couldn't get enough air as thoughts of what my summer would be like flew through my mind. Renee would continue her affair until her husband found out, resulting in days and maybe even weeks of explosive arguing, then a nasty and expensive divorce would ensue, and I would have to pick up the pieces of my brokenhearted mother and put her back together again by completely ignoring the fact that it was her fault that all this had occurred in the first place. I knew without a doubt that this would happen, because it had happened four times already. It was some weird, sadomasochistic cycle with my mother, and I would have to deal with it again with Renee's fifth husband, all while dodging Jacob Black and Leah Clearwater. Nope , I thought to myself while shaking my head. Without looking at Renee and Phil, I calmly turned to walk up the stairs to my room. I pulled a large suitcase from under my bed, took all of my clothes out of my closet and dresser, and started to pack. I heard Phil and Renee arguing quietly downstairs but didn't care enough to try to make out what they were saying to each other. Their voices steadily increased in volume until they were shouting at each other, blaming each other for the affair and for getting caught. Their whole fight lasted about an hour and a half until someone slammed the front door shut, hard enough to rattle the rest of the house. By then, I had already called for a cab and mostly finished packing. I had filled my suitcase, a duffel bag, and my biggest purse near to bursting with all of my stuff. The only thing I hadn't packed yet was my laptop, and that's because I was using it to book my flight to California. "Bella?" Renee called softly and gently knocked on my door. I didn't answer, but she came in anyway. "What exactly do you think you're doing, Isabella Marie Swan?" she demanded of me when she saw the bags I had packed. "I'm thinking that I want to visit Charlie and Vicky for a while," I responded evenly, trying to remember the last time I'd visited my dad and stepmother in California. It had been a while, because they had visited me in Arizona during the summer for the last 9 years. Her eyes widened. "You can't do that!" I finished booking my ticket on my laptop and then closed it. "I just booked my flight, actually." "But," she sputtered, "Who's going to take care of the house? Who's going to take care of me?" "You have two capable men willing to take care of you, Renee. Take your pick," I snapped. Her eyes hardened. "I didn't mean for you to see that. I'm sorry," she apologized, only sounding half-sincere. "Yeah, you didn't mean for anyone to see it, but I did. So that means you're going to slip up soon, and James will be the one to walk in on you. Then you'll have to deal with the consequences of your actions all on your own, like a real adult," I ranted exasperatedly. "You don't get to judge me for what I choose to do in my private life, young lady," Renee admonished. "I do when it also affects me! James has been really, really good to us. I refuse to just stand by and watch you destroy your marriage and break his heart!" I retorted angrily. James was, by far, the best stepfather I'd ever had. He was funny and kind. He never made me feel like he was trying to replace my dad, but he also didn't try to act like my best friend rather than an authority figure. And when everything with Jacob and Leah had gone down nine months ago, he backed me up to the parents that believed the rumors circling the school and had put a stop to their harassment. He was amazing to Renee too. He was levelheaded so he was able to calm her down whenever she dissolved into hysterics. He was responsible and steady, which balanced her free spirit, but in a way that didn't smother her. Most of all, he really loved and cared for her. I saw the adoration in his eyes every time he looked at Renee. I imagined how heartbroken he would be when he found out she'd cheated on him, and I felt so terrible for him. I studied Renee for a moment. Her shoulder-length auburn hair was a mess. Her hazel eyes were puffy and tinged red, as if she'd been crying, and her crow's feet seemed to have deepened within the last couple of hours. Her full lips were set in a firm frown, as she pinched the bridge of her straight nose. Not for the first time, I wondered why she continued to cheat. I knew that all of her husbands had loved her a lot. I'd seen their love for her and I had also seen their heartbreak when she betrayed them. I supposed that, to a certain extent, she needed the extra assurance that she could be loved so she felt compelled to cheat. But knowing that didn't make me feel sorry for her, not when she kept treating everyone around her so callously. "Please don't go," she pleaded. "You're not going to change my mind," I said firmly. "I can't stay here, watch you self-destruct, and then fix you again." I heard a honk from outside, signaling that the taxi I called for had arrived. "I'll text you when I get there," I told her as I grabbed all of my stuff and hauled it out to the cab. "Airport please," I told the cab driver and we took off. I closed my eyes and played with my cell phone in my hands, debating whether I should tell Charlie that I was on my way there or if I should just show up on his doorstep. It had been so long since I'd been to Charlie and Vicky's house that I thought it would be nice to surprise them. Besides, I was a little worried that Charlie would try to convince me to stay and work things out with Renee. He was always trying to be the peacemaker in my relationship with my mom. I just didn't have the patience or the energy to try to fix things with Renee right now, not when I was so upset with her. I'd reached my limit and needed some time to think things over. "Miss, we're here," the cab driver said, and I climbed out of the car. He helped me with my bags, so I tipped him when I paid my fare. I had to rush through checking in my suitcase and going through security because there wasn't a lot of time before my flight. I made it to my terminal just as they finished boarding everyone else. There was only one seat left, all the way at the back of the plane and next to a tired-looking couple with a baby that was already starting to fuss. I mentally groaned as I squeezed past everyone to the back of the plane. One of the stewardesses helped me shove my duffel bag in the overhead cabinets and then I sat down with a heavy breath, finally relaxing a bit. I plugged my earphones into my phone, after putting it on airplane mode, and then put on my music. We Must Get Out by Maroon 5 came on. This city's made us crazy and we must get out, Adam Levine sang and I definitely identified with that statement. The past year had been so rough that I'd been really looking forward to laying low for the summer. Renee's most recent bout of infidelity was just the icing on top of the cake. Maybe being in another state, so far away from all of the drama, is just what I need, I thought . And I do really miss Charlie. Because my dad owned and ran an elite security agency, he and my stepmother, Victoria, were only able to visit me once a year for three weeks during the summer. To make up for the lack of visitation, Charlie and I made sure to talk for an hour or two every Sunday morning. It wasn't the same as seeing each other, but I loved my dad. I don't know how I would have gotten through all of the bullying