PREFACE Fear is a funny thing. Fear is known throughout a person's life. First, at the infant stage, the baby is afraid of new surroundings and new people. Then, we venture into the children stage, where the child is afraid of monsters under beds, and being the new kid at school (although that one can also be in the adolescence stage). Next is the teenage stage ( I know this one all too well), where for normal teens, there is the basic fitting in at school and looking hot. But for me , I was afraid of fitting in with a bunch of vampires (Yes, I know, ironic). I met Edward about five years ago and I already have a daughter. I guess you can say that I was afraid of things going too fast, but I can't do anything about now. I am a vampire after all. Renesmee is now about four years old and she already looks like a thirteen year old. Ugh . Another fear that is common for parents is their child growing up too fast. I also know this one all too well. VACATION? "Bella?" Edward asked in his velvety voice. "Yeah?" I asked, my voice trembling. He started to stroke my hair. "It's going to be alright, okay? Jacob will take good care of her." He kept stroking. "I know, I know…" I said, my voice still shaking. He got up and scooped me off the couch. He walked over to our bedroom and put me down on the bed. "If we are going to take a vacation, you need to calm down. Jacob will take good care of Renesme." I closed my eyes. Why did Jacob have to imprint on her anyway? I barely see Renesmee, my own daughter , because Jacob is too protective over her! The only good thing that came out of this is protection. Protection. Edward and I are freaking capable of that. I guess I should be grateful, but I can't. "It's only for a week, love," he soothed. I opened my eyes to look at him. His topaz eyes swirled as he gazed down at me. Though even Edward couldn't erase the nervousness I felt at the thought of leaving Renesmee here with Jacob for a week. "But what if something happens while we're gone?" I asked. "The werewolves are perfectly capable of keeping Renesmee safe. Not to mention that she's half vampire. She'll be fine." "But-" "Bella, look at me." I lifted my eyes up to look at him. "Renesmee will be OK," he said sternly. "OK," I repeated. "Good. Now grab your things and let's go. You don't want to miss the plane." The corners of my mouth lifted up a little. The plane could be taking off in ten minutes and we wouldn't be late. I loved being able to run like that. "That's the spirit. Now come on. We really don't need to be late." AT THE AIRPORT "Okay, so the plane will be departing from gate 7." Edward explained. I scanned the departure room. Gate 7 was on the other half of the airport. I pulled down my hat and pushed my sun glasses up. Alice and Jasper have been away for a while and we couldn't predict if the weather would be nice or crappy (which would be way more convenient if it was crappy.) "Let's go this way." Edward said. He took my hand and guided me to the gate. I gave the boarding agent our tickets and repositioned my purse on my shoulder. Here we go. As we walked down the long jetway, I couldn't help but think what could go wrong back at home. Thank god Edward can't read my thoughts. For one, Renesmee could be killed, if that was even possible. Or, she could be kidnapped. Nah, Jacob would be constantly in her shadow. Maybe she'll get lost in the woods while Jacob was taking one of his ten hour naps. "Bella, love it's time to sit down." Edward tugged at my sleeve. "Oh…" I stammered. I plopped down onto my seat and put my purse under the sad excuse for a seat. First class alright. The first class section of American Airlines was actually not that bad. Except, for the somewhat comfortable red velvet seats and the lack of a personal TV which really sucked, really sucked. "How long is the flight going to be?" I asked. "Well, since we are flying to Hawaii from Washington, it will be about twelve hours." He replied. I readjusted my neck and closed my eyes. An old human habit. I tried to ignore everything that was going on around me. A flight attendant came out and showed us how to use a life jacket in case the plane crashes in the ocean . Luckily, If that happened, Edward and I would survive. 12 HOURS LATER… The plane landed at about 3:30 am. Finally . I got up and grabbed my purse from under my seat and started to walk down towards the exit. "Have a nice day." A flight attendant smiled as she guided me out of the plane. I couldn't help but laugh when she giggled and stared at Edward. "The luggage would be over here at the B flight baggage claim center." Edward said, his voice becoming a little tight. We walked over to the baggage carousel. The only two bags on the belt were his and mine. Edward picked them up with ease. "I'll go get the rental car, but you stay here." He reasoned. "Okay, that's fine." I crossed my legs. As Edward trudged away, my iPhone buzzed in my pocket. I got it out and scanned over the screen. 'Unknown Caller'. I tapped answer. "Hello?" I asked "This is a life or death situation." The raspy voice stated. "Wait, what?" I said, "Is this some sort of prank?" "You will do what I tell you to do without any questions. Got it? Oh and don't think you'll get away from this, I know what your secret is." Oh crap. The raspy voice continued. "I have your daughter here captive. I will release her if you come and sacrifice yourself. The instructions for doing this task are simple. One, you tell your Edward that you want stay at the house while he hunts. Two, you leave a note explaining that Carlisle wanted some help, and he wanted Edward to stay in Hawaii. Three, you obviously leave with none of your belongings. I will be waiting for you in the Hawaiian International Airport." I was completely speechless. I had to save her. This couldn't possibly be a prank. He knows too much. I thought back to when I thought James had kidnapped my mom. It was a bit hard to call back because I had been human at the time, and this was a memory that I hadn't tried so hard to remember. He had been bluffing. But I didn't want to take my chances. "Okay" I croaked. The other line hung up. "Love, are you okay?" Edward cooed. He anxiously stared down at me with his beautiful liquid topaz eyes. "Er yeah…." I rubbed my arm. "Are you sure?" He asked, standing me up. "Yep!" I smiled, maybe a little too enthusiastic. "The car is waiting outside, let's go." He said, taking my hand. We stepped out into the humid air. Edward took out a pair of keys which probably belongs -knowing him- to an Audi. He hit a button which unlocked a silver car. I walked over to the other side of the car and went in. The interior of the car was more expensive looking than the outside, with leather seats, a huge radio, and a built in GPS. He took the keys and started the car and steered towards the highway. On the way to the mystery house, Edward lectured me about how safe Renesmee would be. He must of told I was worried because I was biting my fingernails. Again, another old human habit. The house Edward bought looked more like a fancy villa style hotel. "Holy crap." I stammered. I still wasn't used to the whole rich thing yet. Edward laughed. He scooped me up and opened the huge wooden door and carried me throughout the rest of the house. The interior was decorated to a tee. I giggled the whole time he carried me. My hat and my sunglasses fell off. To bad this is only going to last twelve hours. Edward through me down on the bed. One by one, he tore off my shirt, jeans, and started to kiss my whole body. One kiss at a time. He got on top of me and started to kiss me some more. I repeated. "Okay Edward." I stopped him. "Yes, love?" He replied in his velvety voice. "I really want to go take a bath or something, you know? I really need to have some personal time to wind down." I said, emphasizing the personal part. "Okay, what ever makes you happy." Edward replied, just a tad annoyed. "Okay.." I said slipping out of the bed. I walked down a hallway and finally found the bathroom. I turned on the water and took a bathrobe from the hanger and put it on. I also turned on the sink just to be safe so he wouldn't hear me. I got my phone out of my purse, which I pre-planted in the bathroom. I hit the contacts icon and hit Rosalie. "Hello, Bella." Rose said relaxed. "Hi, can you do me a huge favor?" I asked her, sounding desperate. "Yeah sure Bella, what's wrong?" She asked, sounding worried. "Well, okay, so I just got a phone call from this strange vampire…" I told her about the phone call. "Oh my god!" Rosalie cried. "Please, I'm meeting this vampire at the airport tomorrow morning and I want to do this alone. I don't want to put Renesmee at risk. Please don't call or anything." I pleaded. "Okay, but If I don't hear from you in less than twenty-four hours, I'm coming after you." Rosalie promised. She hung up. I turned off my phone and slipped into the bathtub. THE NEXT MORNING…. "Bella, do you want to go hunting?" Edward asked me. "Um no, I want to take some pictures and relax." I said, resisting the burning feeling in my throat. "Is there something bothering you?" "I'm fine," I replied, maybe a little too quickly. "Okay, love." Edward said, seeming to buy it. "I'll see you later." And then he flashed out. After, I quickly grabbed a piece of paper and wrote: Dear Edward, I'm sorry I disappeared without telling you. I'm going to be going home. Carlisle wants some help and he wanted only me to come. He wants you to stay here and relax. Everything is going to be alright. Love You! Bella P.S. I left all my luggage here, I'll be back soon. I grabbed a piece of tape and stuck it on the door leading to the deck. I grabbed my purse and opened to door. Bye, I love you. 2. The Surprise I parked in the airport parking lot. My hands were still shaking from the nervousness of the events that follow. Edward tells me that vampires don't get that nervous that often, it's just their inner human instinct. But I disagree. I was fearful for two things. One being Renesmee, and how this could be a hoax, like the last time I got a mysterious phone call. Two, being for my own life. It's silly to worry since I, myself am a vampire. "You got this." I said, reassuring myself. I stopped the car, took out the keys, and opened the car door. "Here we go, no turning back." I said again. I walked all the way over to the airport entrance. I opened the double doors, my hands shaking in the process. Most of the lights