:The Brothers of Lórien: Written by the authors of 'the Elleth and the Prince'. Three sisters set out to win the hearts of Lorien's Marchwarden and his two brothers. As second oldest, Vanyamorë is destined to ensnare the second eldest brother. When the eldest of the brothers secretly begins to help her to win his brother's heart, she finds she is falling head over heels-- for the wrong Elf! AU Chapter 1 X It was autumn. The trees sizzled with seasonal colours, the red leaves tipped gold and amber. The sky was ever clear, blue and endless as the roving sea. More birds than usual flew overhead, preparing to fly to warmer places during the cold winter. It was a wonderful time of year. Vanyamorë sat backed against a tree, her sleeveless white gown whirling about her in the whiffs of breeze. How wonderful it was to wander free and out of doors! She'd been stuck in the kitchens for days, helping the elder ones prepare for the Autumn Equinox Feast. The breeze blew again, harder than the before, and under the strain of wind, many ginger-coloured leaves fell down upon her, each scattering off into its own dance. With a laugh that bespoke peacefulness and contended joy, she rose swiftly and stood to face the wind, eyes closed, arms outspread, dark hair streaming behind her in the blustery weather. Could life be any more perfect? She supposed not. Her parents were well, her friends were many, and the nights of celebration would begin that very evening. She was young and free and had eternity to experience. "My heart sings," she said sincerely, opening her eyes as the winds died down. Even her parents being away for so long could not dampen her spirits. She missed them, of course. They had been away to Mirkwood since the winter before last. It was her Naneth's homeplace. Even so, utter joy swelled in her breast. What were a few years to an Immortal? Or even ten, or a hundred? But it was time to return to Imladris. She had her own preparations to complete before the feasting began. X Míriel was in a foul mood. "How dare she?" the elleth shrieked, careless of anyone who might be passing by her quarters. "What a foul toad! What an abominable witch !" With a shrill cry of disgust, she flung a porcelain vase to the wall, sending glass shattering and water soaking into the fine carpet of her sleeping chamber. The enraged elleth ignored the pitiful roses that had been crushed with the force of her throw. She dramatically hurled herself onto the large, four-poster bed, weeping large tears into the unmade sheets. "It's not fair!" she gasped through her sobs, "It is so unfair!" A knock came at her door. "Go away!" she croaked, burying her face into the silken coverlet. "Leave me alone!" "Míriel, darling, it's me. What's the matter, dearest? Are you alright?" "I said, go away!" Nothing could ease her suffering. Not even her sympathetic sister. The door creaked open, and unsure footsteps carried over the floor. "Míriel, whatever is the matter?" Concern was evident in the voice of the elder one. "Why have you broken Naneth's vase?" "Oh Vanya," Míriel whined, lifting her head, "I hate Tindómë! I hate her!" "Oh dear," Vanyamorë stared in shock at her younger sister. "Whatever could have happened to make you hate your closest friend?" "She is NOT my friend," Míriel stated. She sat up, her tears forgotten. Her tantrums were usually like this, quick and terrible. "You see, it is like this," she cleared her throat. "You know that Túron is my greatest love, do you not?" Vanyamorë thought. She did not know Míriel had a 'greatest' love. She had thought all Míriel's loves were of equal value to her. But this Túron? It was a new name, one she could not put a face on. "I'm sorry, Míriel, I don't remember Túron; who was he again?" "He was— is my greatest love. Everyone knows it. Tindómë knew it too. Yet today she has revealed to me that she intends to court him before the year is done." Míriel's face contorted into a hideous countenance. "She will try to steal his heart away from me!" Tears formed in her eyes. "I hate her!" "Oh, my." Vanyamorë sat gingerly on the side of the bed. She touched a hand to her sister's shoulder. Why did this have to happen now, when everything had been going so wonderfully? "Míriel, dear, have you spoken of your love of Túron to Timdome?" Míriel sniffed. "Nay, I have not." "Then perhaps she does not understand the full content of your devotion to him." "Or his devotion to me!" said Míriel defensively, eyes meeting her sister's. "Of course," Vanyamorë said, relieved to see the darkness dissipating from Míriel's blue eyes. "Mayhaps if you were to explain…" Míriel thought of this. "Perhaps," she said slowly. "Perhaps I will speak of it with her." She sighed, frowning. "It is not like she couldn't already tell. I love Túron, and it is plain for everyone to see." Vanyamorë stroked the golden hair of the younger one. "All will be well, Míriel." Then she brightened. "Oh, I have news for you! That's what I had come to tell you, but I forgot when I heard you weeping." "What news?" demanded her sister, straightening again. "Two things," said Vanyamorë, her eyes alight with excitement. "First this: the Lord Celeborn and the Lady Galadriel will be joining us for the Feast—this very night!" "The Lord and Lady of Lothlorien?" Míriel was astonished. "But how? How could they be here tonight?" "Elrond extended an invitation with that group of scouts that left in the summer, and it was accepted! Undómiel says it is perfect, for they may join us for the Autumn Festivities, and then still be here for Lord Elladan's and Lord Elrohir's birthday." "This is marvelous," sighed Míriel, clasping her hands together, all thoughts of Túron and Tindómë disappearing. "How many ellyn will the Lord and Lady bring as their escort, do you wager?" Vanyamorë was not surprised at her sister's question. Míriel was often thinking of such things. Indeed, Vanyamorë herself thought about them at times, but she was not so bold as to speak of them aloud. "I do not care," she said firmly, in answer to her sister's question. "And I do not make wagers, like some human that is eager to earn some money." Míriel sniffed at her. "Oh, very well. You are no fun, Vanya. I will have to find Sárawen. She is much more exciting than you." This was true. Vanyamorë was sure all the ellyn of Rivendell would agree. Sárawen had to be the biggest flirt in the Last Homely House. She was also the most beautiful and most sought for maiden that Vanyamorë knew. "Yes, our sister will gladly talk with you of such daring things," she said, while Míriel giggled. "Well, I'm off to bathe and dress for the Feast," said Míriel, standing at last and smoothing her rumpled skirt. "Don't you wish to hear the other news, Míriel? My guess is that this news will be even more marvelous to your ears." "Of course," Míriel paused, leaned back down onto the bed. Vanyamorë felt her heartbeat quicken with exhilaration. "Well, Sárawen received a letter from Adar this morning." She paused to make the moment more exciting. "And he says that we are to visit this very next month! And we are going to meet— in Lorien !" Míriel dramatically swooned on the bed. Cheeks flushed with adrenaline, Vanyamorë went on. "It will be a long journey, for us and for Adar and Naneth, but Adar's parents are in Lorien, and he says—he says, if we wish, we may stay with them in Lorien for a time!" "Oh, Vanya! Leaving Rivendell at last!" Traveling was something Míriel had long aspired to do. "And visiting Lorien … I have always wanted to go there." Míriel sat suddenly. "I must go tell all my friends. Oh, and I have to choose what dresses to take!" Her face became worried. "Oh, there is so much to do, and in less than a month!" She hopped off the bed and hurried to her wardrobe. Vanyamorë left the room quietly, leaving her sister alone to talk earnestly to her gowns. X Victory! Vanyamorë thought, as she threw down her comb triumphantly. She had, after nearly an hour, managed her hair into an elegant mass of curls, some on top of her head and the rest spilling down her shoulders. By Elbereth, she had such a massive amount of hair! Long, thick, and dark. It was lovely, but she did not know this, for she saw only the abundance of dark waves, unruly and easily tangled. Míriel's hair was like spun gold, thin and wispy, and only reaching to her middle-back. It was straight and fine, and the colour of it made one think of a bright, warm, Midsummer Day. Their eldest sister, Sárawen, had hair the colour of flame, auburn and golden-brown and red. It suited both her personality and her own name: Sárawen, which meant Fiery Maiden in the Quenya tongue. Each of them was very different. Vanyamorë thought about this as she struggled into the new gown Sárawen had purchased for her. Sárawen was a sassy stinker, and proud of it. She was shorter than both her younger sisters, and her hips were a bit wider. She had tiny hands and feet, and sneering curled lips that dared any ellon to tell her 'no'. Míriel was, surprisingly, the tallest of the three. She was thin and fragile, with slender arms and legs, and a tiny waist. Quite frankly, Vanyamorë thought with a sigh, Míriel was spoiled and immature. She was a lovely little thing, but had yet to learn of the real important things in life. The gown was blue. It was long and flowy, clinging tightly about her waist and snugly to her breasts and buttocks. It was a tad more revealing than she was comfortable with. She tried yanking the neckline higher, but that didn't work. She tried bunching the material at her waist, but that didn't work either. No, the seamstress who had made that dress had made it to be showy, and showy was how it would be. With a self-conscious sigh, Vanyamorë took her Naneth's necklace from its place in her top drawer. Naneth had given it to her on her begetting day, forty summers ago. That was the day she had become two hundred. She had never worn the necklace, for she had never found the right occasion and matching dress. She held it up to the window, watching the late afternoon sunlight catch the jewels. This was something she did often. It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. The chain was of silver, the stone a polished sapphire, and gently surrounding the centerstone were four polished pearls, tinted slightly pink. As she fastened the clasp behind her neck, Vanyamorë completed her thoughts. She had thought of Sárawen, and of Míriel. What of herself? Truly? She could not say. She was simple and quiet, yet had many friends. She could paint, write, sew, and cook. She had never had a lover. She tried not to flirt. All in all, her life was rather perfect. Boring, but perfect. X "My my," said Húriel, clucking her tongue. "I don't believe you've ever worn such a dress, my friend." "I have not," Vanyamorë felt her cheeks heat. "But Sárawen bought it for me and I swore to wear it. I always keep my word. And it is a lovely colour." "Indeed," said Húriel, who always felt that teasing was necessary. Vanya hoped her friend would not carry her jesting into the Feasting Hall. "Many will wonder wear the curves have come from, since they did not know you had them. You