Leaving Fire The day I felt the biggest betrayals of my life started with me doing the dishes. Yes, dishes. Here in district 13, everyone was required to 'lend a helping hand' and I was less than happy about it. Actually, I had protested quite loudly until someone stuck me in the kitchen and told me I could complain all I want- once I was alone. I slammed the dishes loudly into the soapy sink, but they still didn't break. Lucky for those in district 13 who enjoyed eating on actual plates, none of the dishes here were breakable. I couldn't believe the irony of it- Peeta was being held captive in the Capitol, and I was doing dishes. I slammed the dishes again, hoping that I would somehow manage to break at least one. Still no luck. I groaned loudly and sunk down onto the cold kitchen floor. "Having some trouble Catnip?" came a voice from the doorway. Gale. He, along with my family and a few select others, was the only bright spot in this underground chamber of dishwashing horrors. I smiled up at him, relief plastered across my face. More times than not, he would help me finish up community service after his 'classes' were done, and the help would be much appreciated. Especially if I ever managed to figure out how to break these stupid plates. "Yes," I replied after a long pause, "do you know where I can find a chainsaw?" I took one look at the horrified expression on his face and started laughing; it was the first time I had really laughed since I had arrived in district 13, and it felt nice, normal. He looked slightly less worried about my mental sanity, but I could see the true happiness as well. I smiled at that a little bit. He was happy that I was happy. He still looked a bit concerned though- probably because he knows what I can do with a weapon like that. "That's not exactly what I had in mind," he said with a sly grin. Then, before I could move, he came and wrapped his arms around my waist and picked me off the ground, twirling me around in the air. I smiled, trying to ignore the electric tingle that had spread from where his arms had touched me. 'It's just gale' I said to myself, smiling up at him as he placed me down next to the sink. We washed the rest of the dishes together, him chatting about his classes and laughing about my goal to break the unbreakable dishes by the time my kitchen duties came to a close. I couldn't help but notice that, when I was with gale, I didn't think so much. Peeta, the Capitol, the war, none of it seemed to be as important while I was with gale. Once we had finished doing all of the dishes, I was actually exhausted. Who new there were so many people at district 13? I was probably going to start yelling at the next person who ate off of a plate- they could eat off of the ground for all I cared. But, looking down at my watch, I realized that dinner started in 10 minutes. Fantastic. Gale wrapped a reassuring arm around me, and I smiled at how well he knew me. Again, I ignored the warmth that seemed to spread from where gale's arm was touching my shoulders. "Can we run by my really quickly before dinner? I should change..." I gestured wordlessly down at my wet, stained clothes, realizing for the first time that I must look completely awful. Gale laughed and tightened his arm that was still casually draped over my shoulders. It made me smile. Once we got to my room I asked him to wait outside, promising to be back in a few minutes. I walked into my moms room, expecting to find the piles of clean laundry that generally sat on her bed Thursday afternoons, but all I saw was a half open drawer with a piece of aperture sticking out. I walked closer and realized that it was a letter addressed to 'ms. Katniss Everdeen'. Frowning, I flipped it over to open it and saw another, smaller piece of paper attached, this one addressed to my mom. It only read for words, but the small, typed black ink sent a chill down my spine. KATNISS MUST NEVER KNOW A deep-rooted sense of foreboding came over me, but my shaky fingers continued to re-open the thoroughly examined envelop. As I pulled the letter out, several pictures fell out slowly, drifting to the floor casually, as if they were teasing me. They all landed face down. I reached down to pick them, almost unconsciously, and let out a bit of a strangled cry as my blood ran cold at what I saw. They were pictures of Peeta, embracing someone, some capitol girl. But it wasn't the embrace that concerned me- I knew that the capitol could manipulate pretty much anything- it was the look in Peeta's eyes. I'd seen that look before; he'd had it when he was looking at me. "Katniss what's wrong?" Gale burst into the room, his eyes scanning over everything frantically before settling on the pictures on my hands. His eyes narrowed, and he walked over to me slowly, "Katniss…" He seemed unsure of how I would react, and I could tell that he was keeping his distance just in case, but I wasn't angry. I was sad, sure, but I had always known he was too good for me. This was just the last nail in the coffin. "I'm leaving. They only want me for the war, but Peeta is safe now. That was their bargaining chip, which is why I couldn't know," I gestured to the writing on the outside of the letter, "clearly my mom has seen this and hidden this from me, and Prim has plenty of friends on her own. I'm going." I turned to leave the room and pack my bags, but Gale grabbed me. "Gale-" "If you're leaving, I'm coming with you." I nodded and walked away briskly, trying to shake off the tingles that were spreading up and down my arm as I packed my bags. "Okay we've got fifteen minutes until dinner ends. I'll go down to the weapons room for supplies but you have to get the food pills, I'm not authorized for the kitchen right now" said Gale, giving me a long look. I nodded, agreeing with the unspoken 'don't screw this up' in his eyes. One wrong move and I could have myself on lockdown for the rest of the year. He slipped away down the hallway, leaving me alone, under the flickering fluorescent light of district 13's main hallway. I took a moment to reconsider what I was leaving, but when I weighed it out, I realized that there was really nothing worth staying for. And I had a job to do, I realized as the light flickered back on, and I wasn't going to let Gale down again. Not after everything he was about to give up for me. I walked down the hallway, glad for the silence, and slipped into the currently empty kitchen. Everyone ate at the same time, so this was my window before dish cleaners like myself came in to work on the after-dinner mess. I checked my watch quickly. 8 minutes. I pulled open the drawer that had the food pills and health pills in it, and quickly shoveled a large majority of the pills into my bag. "Katniss? Why aren't you at…" the small voice from behind me froze me, and I turned slowly to see Prim standing behind me, the smile on her face fading as she saw what I had been doing. "Kat where are you going?" she sounded five years old again, needing me to take care of her when mom couldn't. But I wasn't her mom anymore. "Prim I saw the pictures," I said, guessing that mom had shown them to her too. She never could keep something that big to herself. Prim nodded, tears filling her big brown eyes as she rushed in to hug me. "You should go," she said with a tear-filled voice, "they are just going to use you, but if you don't start agreeing with them more they're going to get rid of you. This is what is best." I wasn't sure if she was convincing herself or me, but I was shocked at how much she saw for a thirteen year old. "I'm going to miss you Prim," I said, hugging her tightly again. "Me too," then, letting me go with a smile, "now go silly! Gale's probably waiting for you. I can cover for you for 3 hours, but then you're on your own" I smiled and walked away, thinking about how lucky I was to have such a great sister. Not every little girl would have handled that as well. "Katniss? What took you so long, our window's closing!" Gale seemed frantic, and I was quick to fill him in on our help from Prim. We took the long, not quite as obvious way out, edging under the hole in the fence similar to the one back in District 12 that we had been so familiar with. The dusk reminded me of our early morning hunting, and I couldn't help but miss District 12, just a little bit. It hadn't been the best, but it was home. "Where do you want to set up?" I asked Gale after we had been walking for about two and a half hours. We had made good distance, probably about 10 or 12 miles. "I think we need to take advantage of the dark. They'll expect us to stop tonight so they won't send out hover cars until tomorrow, but if we keep walking, we'll throw their whole search off." Gale said, thinking things through just like always. "You're right. Like always. God, are you ever wrong?" I said, poking him in the stomach and encountering nothing but rock. I'm pretty sure that I hurt myself more than I hurt him by that jab. "No, you're just never right," he said, smiling as we fell into our old banter. We talked and laughed as we walked, slowing down to avoid tripping like he had done twice already. I was happier then than I was since this whole hunger games things started. Whupwhupwhupwhup The sound of hovercrafts filled the air and we instantly dived under a fallen tree branch, making sure to hide ourselves from any possible vantage point from above. What we didn't expect was someone running towards us, on the ground, dodging the spotlights perfectly. I felt Gale tense up next to me, but the person running toward us didn't look like anyone from the capitol. He looked like us. "Gale I think they're searching for him !" I whispered loudly, trying to make him hear over the noise of the hovercrafts. "Then let them search! We're not bringing them down on you hours after we escaped." "Gale are we really going to let this happen again?" He looked down into my eyes as we remembered the red haired avox, the girl we could have saved but didn't know how. Now we knew how. "Fine." We began shouting for him, knowing that no one in the air would hear us anyway his eyes lit up as he noticed us, but he ran past us and continued along dodging the capitol hovercrafts. "Well, I guess that's tha…" the guy had circled back around and lost his trail, coming up behind us in the bushes and cutting Gale off mid sentence. As he came closer to us, I could make out that he was tall, almost as tall as Gale. He had blond hair and some sort of light eyes, but that was all that I