A/N: this monster is dedicated to petalstofish who has listened to me babble for the last few months and encouraged me to keep going, but mostly because she's just wonderful and deserves a million puppy snuggles and endless mac and cheese :) Idk if this is fun for anyone else, but I got the idea as a mix between a dance from SYTYCD, a little bit of the Mummy (the 1999 one) and the picture I'll post as the icon for this story. Let me know what you think because this was just kinda a weird idea I got out of nowhere so it's super different for me. A cloud of dust puffs out as Lily tugs another musty tome down from the shelf, ladder creaking beneath her scuffed boots. She blows a few stray hairs out of her face and expertly makes her way down the rungs, jumping the last couple, then freezes, cursing herself for the careless sound. With more care, she slides the books onto the broad, overcrowded table, hiding them behind the scrolls and texts that already litter the top. She's just cracking the first open when footsteps sound from the corridor. Rapidly, Lily throws a few stray maps over top and turns her back to the table. "Did you finish Lord Malfoy's research, Evans?" Mulciber's mealy voice grumbles from the doorway. Fighting the urge to roll her eyes, Lily smooths her shirtfront and steels herself for yet another interaction with her less than lovable supervisor. "Certainly. The books – and notes – he requested are on the desk, arranged alphabetically by author." Mulciber's disdainful gaze tracks over her and the scattered books before he nods stiffly. "That will do. You may leave for the day." Lily quirks a brow as Mulciber sweeps imperiously from the room without even examining the texts. Perhaps he can't read , she thinks with a smirk. After packing her satchel, Lily darts down the dank back hall of the library, stashing the books for her personal research project in a hidden hovel of a room nestled beneath a staircase, which no one but her seems to remember exists. After relocking the door, Lily slips the key back into her pocket, retrieves her coat and bag from the main library and strides out the front doors just as the guards begin locking up for the evening. Sustenance and sleep are necessary evils that Lily accepts, but she forgoes the finer things – settling for a cold supper snuck from Mrs. Sinclair's kitchen before the official meal and what can only be called a nap in her cramped rented room. When she wakes, like clockwork, the sun's long set and moonlight ekes across the warped floorboards. She uses the natural brightness to her advantage, rifling through her half-full trunk and tugging on trousers and a worn but clean collared shirt. For her final bit of styling, she briskly tucks her hair into her cap and tugs on her same well-loved boots. Within minutes, she's out the window, down the lattice, and on the empty street headed back toward the library. Early on in her employment, she'd made it her business to charm the guard's rotations out of an overeager new recruit and managed to work out exactly when and where she could work after hours. The low creak that used to accompany the opening of the door had been eliminated in her first few late night trips, knowing her stealth was imperative to continued research, which was crucial to – anyway. Soon enough she's tucked in her cozy room, books, dry biscuits, and her trusty flask her only companions. Time passes quickly, and Lily easily tunes out the aches that riddle her body from endless hours spent hunched over the ancient wrinkled texts. The myth, Lily's favorite myth – partially because she has good reason to believe it's not so mythical – isn't particularly well known and really can only be found in the most obscure places. Thus, the otherwise undesirable employment Lily currently calls hers is a necessary evil. Lucius Malfoy is a well-known lord who tends to be constantly busy and yet accomplishes little of value. Aside from amassing the most extensive collection of books and ancient texts on rare mythological tales in the United Kingdom, which Lily has found extremely valuable. So the job as Lucius' underpaid research librarian meant she accessed what she needed in a fairly unnoticeable manner and got a salary. Which, however meager, was going toward financing her eventual travels. The large clock tucked in the drawing room three floors away signals the witching hour and Lily startles at the sudden interruption. There's a small window nearly at ceiling height that shows the still dark sky, the onyx shade reassuring Lily that she has at least another hour before she'll have to return to the boarding house for propriety's sake. Her hand flies across the paper, fingers ink-stained and chapped from the chill air she subjects herself to nightly, as her eyes drink in the words before them rapidly. She knows the story well enough – an ancient warrior famed for his exploits, frozen in time for his appointed purpose that would come in the distant ages. The timeline was amorphous at best, the only indications of when the warrior would return focused on certain events occurring and the all-important awakening. All this meant those who knew the prophecy and its truthfulness were divided into two camps – those waiting to bring the warrior back, and those doing everything they could to keep him asleep. The struggle lay largely in the reality that those with the power and wealth tended to be on the side of leaving the prophecy unfulfilled and allowing the dark power that loomed to succeed. So far, they'd done so largely by exploiting that power and wealth, but Lily wasn't without her own tools, which were less fungible but just as powerful when used correctly. That had been the unofficial motto of Lily's people for as long as she could remember. Each generation, one child was chosen to continue the search, learning from their ancestors and adding to the knowledge until the time came for the awakening. And while she couldn't be sure, it seemed now more than ever would be the time everything came to a head. Although she was well aware of the implications and responsibilities that went along with triggering the prophecy's fulfillment, from the time she was a child and received the call over a bitter Petunia, Lily had a certainty that she would be the one to complete the work of her ancestors and awaken the warrior they preserved. It was only because of luck that the prophecy followed the female line and Lily was able to remain unnoticed in her efforts without falsifying identification documents. Which meant Lucius had let a wolf into his hen house, and consequently unknowingly financed his enemy. Lily smirked to herself as she tugged a new book toward her, index finger running down the hand written table of contents. Lord Malfoy should learn to be more careful if he is so devoted to the cause . The bell tolls half four when Lily finds it, and her heart nearly stops. The location had been relatively easy to narrow down – a trip to the North was soon at hand – but the incantation and ritual to reawaken was particularly hidden and difficult. It wouldn't be enough to simply reverse the spell and turn the warrior human again – he had to almost be completely reanimated simultaneous with his shift from stone to flesh, otherwise his heart would remain still and the centuries of waiting would be for nothing. Which is why Lily's green eyes stutter over the small loopy letters countless times as her mouth moves to silently speak the words, novis lapis viribus . It's as if she can hear the generations before her sigh with relief as she drops back against the rickety chair she'd scrounged up weeks ago when her feet protested the endless hours standing. It's pointless to write it down, now that Lily has seen the phrase, the words are as familiar as her own name, and that feeling more than anything else is what makes her sure she's finally done it. Her eyes well with relieved tears and she tilts her head back to keep them from falling and takes a few deep, steadying, breaths. After a few moments, she stuffs her papers into her worn satchel and tucks it between the shelves, then gathers the books she'd borrowed to return them before anyone can notice their absence. Although she's confident in her knowledge of the guard rotations enough to be certain that no one will be patrolling this hall for at least the next half-hour, Lily treads cautiously across the uneven stonework, the only light afforded emanating from the gas lamp she clutches in her fist. Quickly enough, she reaches the library and carefully inches the back door open, green eyes peering through the crack to ensure she doesn't have any unexpected guests. After a moment, she strides through the aisles and ascends the ladder, sliding the books back into place with practiced ease. She's just pushing the last one into its slot, griping the rungs with one hand as she leans precariously when the ladder shifts unexpectedly and ends up balanced on one leg. The book slips from her hands and falls to the floor with a thud, loss of the weight leaving her off balance as she attempts to right the ladder. Lily shifts her stance, quickly re-balancing the ladder and rushing down the rungs, heart pounding loud enough in her ears that she almost misses the slight squeak as the main doors open. But Lily does hear it, although she has nowhere near enough time to react in any way beyond freezing like a panicked deer, eyes wide as saucers when a dark haired guard saunters into the light, grey eyes searching the room until they light on her and linger. "Fancy meeting you here young chap," he pauses and his lip curls mischievously, "Or should I say young lady ." Despite her precarious position, Lily snorts and finishes her descent, folding her arms as she leans against the shelves. "I'm hardly young to you. We must be nearly the same age." The guard shrugs easily and mirrors her relaxed pose as he props his hip against a nearby table, kept impeccably clean by the staff that sweep the library after she leaves each evening. "How about we share names then?" "I'm hardly going to volunteer my identity to a guard who can get me arrested ," Lily scoffs. He quirks a brow, obsidian locks glinting in the low light, "And I'm hardly one to tell tales, contrary to my job description." "How am I to trust you on that point?" Lily asks skeptically, despite the flicker somewhere in her mind that tells her she can do just that. "First, I'll offer my own name – Sirius Black – and a bit of personal history," he pauses, picking at his nails with nonchalance, "In case you don't know the name, I'm Lucius' least favorite and most deplored cousin. And I like it that way." Lily sighs, "I s'pose it wouldn't take you long to find me anyway. Plus I rather trust you, despite my better judgment." "As do many," Sirius answers with a smirk. "Evans. My name's Lily Evans," Lily grinds out. It's been a good while since she's had to introduce herself to a stranger, let alone chosen to trust one with anything important. "Well then, Evans. What are you doing in a musty library before the sun's up?" She moves to stand in front of the dropped tome and offers cagily, "Just reading." Sirius hums thoughtfully as if he's considering her statement, but his gaze soon falls to her feet. "'Just reading' strange books no one cares about."