A/N: this is a gift for petals-to-fish 3 3 (she's on tumblr and FF) This will probably not make too much sense if you haven't read perpetuus, but how much context do you need for fluff? Seriously though, I would definitely recommend reading that one first bc otherwise there are going to be a few questions hehe The months after James and Lily's final defeat of Riddle are a mix of recovery, boredom, academic discussion, and snogging, in varying degrees, depending on which of the foursome you ask. At some point, James decides his first foray into life in a new century would be learning the modern cooking arts, aided by a broad volume on 'women in the home' he found during a jaunt into town with Remus. He's prodding the chicken in the oven curiously when Lily pads into the kitchen, toe-pinching boots and scratchy tights forgone in the lazy company she keeps. Still, her hair is always groomed, either in graceful braids looping around her head or long and glistening in the sunlight, depending on her planned activities for the day, which includes considering how wild she wants to drive James. Bare toes skipping across the polished wood floor, Lily manages to catch James unawares as he straightens from his examination of their dinner. James stutters in his movements for a moment, but quickly pulls her arms around his waist, knitting their fingers together, and sighs, warm and rumbling against her chest. "Sirius, I didn't know you felt this way." Pinching his middle, Lily pulls back as James closes the oven door with a careful smack . Expertly, Lily pushes herself onto the stretch of workspace relatively free of flour and watches as James consults the recipe again, squinting at the unfamiliar letters he's been learning with shocking ease. Legs kicking out in random circles, Lily leans back on her palms. "Are you squinting because you're confused or because you can't see?" "I'm not blind Lily, I see you right in front of me," James drawls with entirely too much sass, "Red hair, bare toes, bright green eyes like a doe." He can probably see the flush on her cheeks too, but Lily brushes past it and blinks coquettishly, shooing James back and raising her hand somewhere near her head. "Yes, but can you see how many fingers I've raised?" "Four?" he tries with forced confidence. "None James. I've raised none," Lily sighs, sliding down from the counter and striding forward until her clenched fist is held in front of his face, "We're going to the optometrist." Her hands find the sides of his face; cheeks rough with a few days' stubble, and tug down until his nose is pressed against hers. "You can't see for shit, m'dear." James blinks slowly, once, twice, his dark lashes curling against his honeyed skin. "Is that right?" A nod, and his breath fans across her cheekbone. Then her hands are in his hair, dark loops curling wildly between her fingers as she presses her lips to his, soft and questioning. James sighs against her mouth, deepening the kiss, arms banding around her waist, firm but gentle. They break apart, just a breath and Lily almost moans at the loss of contact. "You don't need to keep walking around like you're blind for me to kiss you James." "I'm not sure I want to add another item to my daily dressing. This century is already entirely too accessorized," James murmurs, nuzzling at her jawline, "What's the motivation?" He kisses her, confident and seeking and Lily nearly forgets their conversation when James nimble fingers work the combs from her hair and they fall with a clatter to the tabletop. Still, she manages to pick the thread back up, despite James' pleasing ministrations. "The – ah – motivation is better," James has worked his way back to her mouth by now, and she's temporarily delayed, " quality of life ." Pulling away, James smirks, his face flushed and his eyes blown wide and glassy. "My 'quality of life' is pretty fantastic at the moment, Lily." Still, Lily manages to strong arm James into getting his eyes examined the next time Sirius is taking a trip into town for supplies and a nip at the local tavern. And although her intent is to accompany him on his jaunt, the small bookshop on the corner beckons and James shoos her away, blinking at her with humorous impatience, "I think being multiple centuries old counts as being an adult, dear." Sirius barks a laugh, throwing one arm around James' neck, "I'll take care of the old man while he gets his glasses, Evans, don't you worry." Which, despite her general inability to be 'hands off' about pretty much anything, does manage to set her mind at ease enough that she gets utterly lost in the surprisingly vast collection of books for the next three quarters of an hour. In fact, she gets so caught up that she doesn't realize she's being snuck up on until James' hands are hovering over her eyes. With a yelp, Lily jumps, nearly dropping the tome in her hand, which earns a questioning look from the shopkeeper. Gently, she places the book back on the shelf and turns toward James, scowling with a reproof ready on her lips – one she instantly forgets when she finds him grinning at her boyishly from behind wire rimmed spectacles. Mouth going dry, Lily's jaw works soundlessly until Sirius strides over and ruffles James' perpetually messy hair. "Grandpa over here is practically blind apparently." "Am not." Sirius' arm drops to wrap around James' neck while he addresses Lily, "This man needed bifocals ." He pauses, expectant, but Lily still hasn't managed much beyond an answering grunt, too caught up in the glint of gold around James' hazel eyes. Lucky for her, James has been distracted enough by Sirius' teasing that he hasn't yet picked up on her complete befuddlement. And somehow, by the time his gaze turns to her, Lily's managed to get herself largely under control and goes about paying for her selections. "So Sirius was a good nanny?" James laughs. "Except for the half hour when he left me. Could've wandered into buggy traffic and died ." Sirius flicks his nose. "Don't be melodramatic." "Right, that's his job," Lily drawls, tucking her hand into the crook of James' arm and steering them toward home. Ever the gentleman, James holds his arm out for her parcels and Lily hands them over, arms stiff after cradling book after book for the last hour. As they leave the boundaries of town, the road turns grassy, trampled down muddy from foot traffic with wider ruts from wagon wheels. The sun's bright, but partially tucked behind the clouds, so Lily lets her head drop back, free hand holding her wide brimmed hat in place. Out of the corner of her eye, she sees James wriggle his nose in a failed attempt to tick his glasses up his tanned nose. Grinning – fresh air and James bringing lightness to her chest she's still not used to – Lily uses a single finger to push his frames up to their rightful place. "Not quite used to them, eh?" James shrugs, adjusting Lily's books under his arm. "I guess it'll take time. I do look rather – " "Swotty?" Sirius puts in from behind, barely glancing up to flash a smile before he's back invested in his correspondence. When Lily turns to James, he's already tilted his face toward her, and it feels like that first time she saw him – tall, broad, and everything about him warm and inviting. There's a glint in his eye she can't quite place, but the openness of his expression has her speaking before she can reconsider. "Well I think you look dashing." His lips quirk, eyes bright and freckles winking at her like constellations spread across his cheeks, and it's such a sight, Lily can't even bring herself to glare when Sirius snorts. James rolls his eyes, commiserating, and Lily's considering telling Sirius to go on ahead and drag James off somewhere private, when Remus shouts from the front porch, "Who wants steak and kidney pie?" And despite her other inclinations Lily's stomach gives a loud grumble at the mention of a hot meal and she's forced to leave aside less vital desires for the moment. Still, James' hand steady and sure at the small of her back gives her pause, and combined with the private side-glance he sends her way, nearly drives her to insanity. But despite her divided interests, supper turns out to be a relaxing and enjoyable affair, sprawled across the outdoor furniture as the sun lingers above the horizon, giving up its last rays before it leaves the countryside to the blue haze of the moon. Together, they manage to completely demolish Remus' impeccably done pie and three quarters of the colorful trifle he'd prepared for dessert by the time the sky's gone dark. As the stars glitter to light the night, they work together, tidying up with relative ease with the responsibilities divided between the four of them. By the time they've finished, Sirius sets off for the study for more 'personal correspondence' – which Lily thinks might just consist of naughty jokes submitted to gentlemen's magazines – and Remus goes back to his latest self-assigned research project on the mystical properties of ancient monoliths. James seems content to putter about in the living areas of the manor but Lily can't help being drawn to the outdoors, so she ambles through the swaying grasses toward Sirius' pride and joy – a slightly moth eaten hammock he dug up in the shed and spent an entire afternoon hanging from two wide oaks in the yard. Having spent most of her adult life in cities, Lily still wonders at the sights, sounds, and smells of the countryside at night, dark but welcoming rather than nerve-wracking. The random croaks, chirps, and birdcalls pierce the night in an irregular but increasingly familiar pattern – not quite predictable in sequence, but the players remain the same each evening. She's just slipped into the swaying hammock, boots abandoned in the waxy grass, when footsteps break the gentle symphony of the night, and James' heady scent – warm and woodsy – drifts over the soft breeze. Still, her quite repose isn't interrupted, although her senses are on high alert at his nearness so when he gently brushes the back of his fingers against her jawline, she's mostly not surprised, despite her closed eyes. "Fancy meeting you here, James." His chuckle is a low rumble and Lily cracks one eye open, almost instantly regretting it. In his post-supper relaxation, James has abandoned most attempts at appearing the civilized gentleman. Shirt untucked and half unbuttoned, boots and socks lost in some unknown corner of the manor, and hair a hurricane, his only real gentlemanly appearance is the coppery pair of glasses perched on the bridge of his nose. Which – for the sake of Lily's sanity – really should have been forgone. And yet, she manages to maintain some sort of forced aloofness, letting her eyes drift closed again as he stands, hands loose at his sides as the night sinks in around him. He's silent long enough that she almost wonders if he's loped off to some other part of the expansive property, but she's too terribly aware of everything about him to ever seriously consider the idea, his comforting presence the new normal she's come to expect and know better than she knows her own name. But when he finally speaks, low and gravely, she's still caught off guard. "Room for one more?" Wordlessly, and with the expected amount of clumsiness usually experienced when doing such things, Lily shifts in the glorified canvas sack until there's nearly enough room to fit another grown adult. And miraculously – though not unexpectedly – James manages to slip into the