A/N: the much promised (and awaited for some ha) Hinny wedding fic! If you've been on tumblr, you probably have some idea of head canons that will be in here, but basically this is a big ball of fluff. I hope you enjoy it! The air in muggle London is still crisp enough that Ginny pulls her jacket tighter around her middle, despite the proclaimed official start of spring. Since the New Year, her Quidditch schedule has been fairly demanding, the season rapidly moving toward its close, so her contributions to the wedding planning process were minimal. So when she gets her first two days off in a row, Ginny strikes out for the muggle shops in the hope of beginning and finishing her honeymoon wardrobe. Despite her seeming disinterest – which is hardly the case – Ginny's relatively prepared, carefully organized list in hand as she strides down Brompton Road. Her eyes downcast, she doesn't see the frowning woman leaving the department store until they're both nearly sent sprawling. Ginny grasps the woman's bony arms and manages to hold them both upright. "I'm so sorry I was – " Her voice dies in her throat as she reluctantly takes in the pinched face of Petunia Dursley, looking equally happy to see Ginny. "Petunia." "Jenny." "Ginny." Petunia sniffs, tucking her pocketbook strap firmly into the crook of her arm. "Are you still – " She trails off, looking rather like she's sucked a lemon, and Ginny can't quite decide where that sentence was going – 'still with my nephew?' 'still living like a country bumpkin?' 'still a freak?' – so she quirks a brow, her friendliest option for a reply at the moment. "You and my," she swallows awkwardly and changes tack slightly, "Harry." "Yes," Ginny answers simply, the ring on her finger glinting in the late morning light. Petunia's icy blue eyes zero in on Ginny's hand and her lips purse further – which Ginny previously would have said was impossible. She glances around, blonde hair stationary despite the blustery day, and murmurs, "I didn't expect to see you – here ." Tamping down her rising anger at Petunia's tone, Ginny crumples the list in her hand, her voice saccharine. "Harry and I like to do both, since we tend to get lots of attention when we're not here , as you termed it." Petunia blinks, eyes shuttering a bit but she nods, crisp. "That sounds true enough," she eyes Ginny's ring again, "Can I assume you and Harry are engaged?" Ignoring the less than congratulatory tone, Ginny nods, "Yes. We'll be married later this year." Passersby jostle them as the early lunch crowd descends on the nearby restaurants and Ginny futilely hopes Petunia will be swept away with the stream. But sadly, she's not, and for some unknowable reason she's pressing on with the conversation, strained though it is. "That's lovely. I'm. I'm glad he's found someone to take him." Ginny frowns, unable to repress the growl-like tone of her voice, "It's no hardship for me, I assure you." "I didn't mean –" It's been less than ten minutes and Ginny's patience is already run out, but she's confident even Molly Weasley would forgive this particular slip in manners. "You know, eventually your 'unintentional' slights add up enough that you can't really claim you didn't mean them." Petunia sniffs haughtily, nose becoming even more prominent, if possible, and Ginny simply plows ahead, forced lightness in her voice, "I don't want to fight with you. I'll tell Harry you send your congratulations." And then, after short, clipped goodbyes, Ginny wanders into a nearby chocolate shop and buys herself a large, decadent milkshake. Which she earned by not getting picked up by the muggle police for decking Petunia Dursley. The rest of her shopping excursion goes by with little drama or interest; a flurry of dressing rooms and varied cuts of swimsuit that would drive Aunt Muriel up the wall. It's late afternoon by the time she's finished, slumping against the front door of Grimmauld Place, and she grins when she hears pots clanking in the kitchen along with Harry's quiet singing. Her smile widens, tired though she is, and she can't keep from wandering into the kitchen, sidling up behind Harry and wrapping her arms around his middle. He hums as she kisses up his throat, pausing his sing along rendition of the Weird Sister's latest single. "Alright Gin? How was shopping?" She nuzzles his shoulder. "Got what I needed." Harry scratches at her windswept hair, free hand patting hers where they're clasped around his waist. "Good." Ginny waits, an ad for broom polish and the low bubbling of the sauce on the stove the only sounds as she debates broaching the subject. "Saw Petunia." He stiffens but doesn't pull away, resuming his stirring. "How was that?" "Didn't have to call muggle or wizard law enforcement, so I'd say it went well," Ginny answers, wry. They share a laugh and Harry switches off the burner, moving the pot to the side. "Can't ask much more of you." The conversation drops for the moment as they go about preparing the rest of the meal, fresh ravioli cooking quickly in the broad pot until Ginny drains it into the sink. For the first time since she arrived, Harry draws his wand, summoning two plates from the cabinet as he slices into the crusty bread. Ginny sets two places, cozy so they share a corner of the long tabletop. "She didn't know we're engaged – Dudley doesn't?" Harry shrugs, settling in next to her as he brings the bread, their dinners hovering over his shoulder. "Oh he sees her often enough, but I can't imagine she asks after me much. And it's probably better for him to not seem too friendly with me." Ginny pours a glass of wine for them both, forcing nonchalance into her voice. "Are we inviting any Dursleys?" That wins her a laugh and a weight lifts from her chest as Harry tucks in to his meal and she does the same. "Probably just Dudley I think. He's pretty used to wizards after that year." "Sounds like a plan, dear." "Maybe some magical person will catch his eye," Harry postulates, grinning. "Vernon would love that," Ginny answers, pausing thoughtfully before she continues, "Y'know maybe Dudley would just pretend for laughs – it can be his wedding gift." Later that week, Harry finds himself surrounded by piles of lace, silk, and various other fabric swatches in a rainbow of shades. Luna's involvement in the wedding feels particularly obvious when his fingers drag across a slip of burlap that can only be described as puce. When Harry'd asked her why include colors she even seemed less than enthusiastic about, Luna shrugged and said she felt bad to leave them out. As Harry bit back a grin, Ginny laid a smacking kiss on Luna's cheek and asked if she'd checked the yard for nargles. Which was how Harry ended up in this situation, sadly sans Ginny, who lucked out and got held over in an extended practice at Holyhead while he attempted to fend off Molly's obsession with fluffy lace and Teddy's grabby and often mud-covered hands. Molly bustles back in with a fresh pot of tea in one hand, and a long parchment in the other. "I think it's time to go over guest list, dear." "Ginny?" "I think she'll need to be there," Molly answers quick, smirking at him from across the table. A startled bark of a laugh finds its way out of Harry's throat and he once again marvels at the fact that most people think the Weasley children got all their mischievousness from Arthur. "We did want to stay pretty small, as far as guests go." She sighs and goes about making their teas, remembering Harry's preferred doctoring easily, and glances quickly to check Teddy where he's playing in the den with brightly colored blocks, hair occasionally shifting into his favorite shades. "Don't you want to have everyone you love there? Who loves you?" Harry chews his lip, toying with his cup and saucer as he contemplates his response. After a moment, he blows out a breath. "If that's the standard, my list is even shorter than Ginny and I guessed." "Well just the family alone, Harry," Molly starts with a frown. "So Dudley." "Now stop sassing me, young man," Molly chides, nudging the plate of cookies closer to him through the mountains of tulle, "You know very well you're just as much a Weasley as any of us." Before Harry can do more than blink at his milky tea, Bill strides in from the front room and places a kiss on Molly's grey streaked head, Victoire on his hip. "Makes marrying Ginny a bit weird," Molly swats him, "but mum's right. You've been one of us for a long time." Victoire wriggles down Bill's leather-clad leg and darts into the den on childish legs. Bill pulls out a chair and summons a third cup from the kitchen. "The marriage is just a semantic at this point." Molly nods and pats Harry's hand before she pins him with her stare, "Not that I don't want you two to make it official." "Can't have Gin being a scarlet woman, eh Harry?" Bill asks with a snort. That earns him a face full of gauzy fabric and pinch to his shoulder while Harry tries to muffle his laughter in his tea. He's still trying to figure out how to get back on track when a crash and subsequent tears sound from the other room. Bill makes to stand but Harry waves him off and finds Teddy and Victoire fine aside from their tear streaked faces. It's still unclear the cause until his eyes find Ginny laying in a heap on the floor, rubbing her hip and biting back a grimace while trying to calm the weepy toddlers. Quickly, Harry strides across the room and pulls Teddy and Victoire close, hands running circuits over their backs. "I'm sure Ginny's fine. Why don't you head in the kitchen, Grandma Molly's got some fresh biscuits." As the inseparable duo clambers over the scattered cushions and toys, Harry turns his attention back to Ginny, who's managed to drag herself into a sitting position, propped against the couch. "I thought my days of acting clumsy in front of you were over." "I certainly hope not," Harry laughs, jostling her shoulder. Gently, he begins prodding at her abused hip. "Does this feel alright?" Ginny cracks an eye open, lips tilting into a flirtatious smirk. "I know something that'll feel more alright." Harry presses a kiss to her temple. "If you don't feel like doing guest lists, we should abscond while we have the chance." She turns her head, her lips heated but brief on his. "How about we head for a certain copse of trees near the pond?" Before Molly can realize he's ducked his wedding preparation duties, Harry tugs Ginny out the back of the house. The sun's still wide and bright overhead, heat tempered by a steady breeze across the swaying grasses that brush their knees during the short trek toward their shady destination. Without a thought, Harry habitually settles against their favorite broad tree, ancient and boasting broad branches and wide set roots that allow for cozy seating. His back pressed against the trunk, Harry spreads his legs wide enough that Ginny can crawl between them, settled against his chest, fiery hair ticking his chin. Ginny toys with his fingers where they rest across her middle, eventually letting hers knit together with his, her eyes drifting shut as she gets the first peace and quiet since her alarm sounded before dawn that morning. It's a little darker, when she wakes again, Harry's steady breaths warm against her ear, ruffling her hair. Gently, so as not to shock him into wakefulness, Ginny rubs up and down his forearms in soothing strokes. "Harry?"