A/N: read-a-hinny-fic on tumblr pointed out the hinny fandom is sorely lacking in bed share fics so this happened! It's an AU where pretty much nothing changed except Ginny and Harry sadly did NOT kiss in front of the entirety of Gryffindor house. I hope you enjoy! It's raining the day Harry realizes his life has been devoured by work. Not that rain in London is particularly novel, but it still feels more dramatic when milestones in self-understanding occur with thunder in the background. And the real development is less about the concept of being overworked – because Hermione's been badgering him about the very same for the last eight months – and more about the fact that he realizes why he's been obsessively working. Ginny. Which doesn't mean it's her fault, just that she was the catalyst that made an already work obsessed Harry ratchet up to such a degree that Hermione Jean Granger said he was working too hard. The Ginny Prompt is really because he runs out of excuses for not asking her out – i.e. Voldemort, mourning, Ginny's return to Hogwarts for her Seventh Year – so he apparently subconsciously created one. The rainy day is a Saturday, and Ginny has a game – the second of her rookie season with the Harpies – and Harry's not there because he's a self-sabotaging git. At least that's what Ron grumbles at him when he gets dragged into Harry's voluntary overtime shifts. And on this rainy Saturday, Harry decides he's going to stop floundering and just ask Ginny out . His heart thuds at the thought, and now he has to spend the next three hours of his shift mentally calculating the many ways this plan could go sideways. Which involves a lot of scenarios with angry, violent Ginny and a permanent end of the Potter line. So it's a miracle that he's still on board with the plan when he clocks out for the evening, which was largely boring aside from the two-hour call in Sheffield where they apprehended a small band of smugglers bringing illegal potions into the country. By the time he finishes his paperwork he's stayed a half hour late, but he's so revved up to see Ginny at this point that his brain doesn't even register the time until he's mid knock on the door to her flat in Holyhead. He's too committed now, to bag out, so Harry spends the ensuing wait for an answer concocting various ends for this scene, which largely entail muscular, faceless men answering the door in their pants. So when the door cracks open just enough to reveal one of Ginny's squinting chocolate brown eyes and her sleep mussed hair, Harry lets out his breath in a gush and blurts, "WillyougooutwithmeGinny?" She blinks rapidly and the door tugs open further, treating Harry to a view of Ginny in worn men's boxers, an oversized Harpies t-shirt, and swathes her creamy freckled skin. "Pardon?" Apparently his brain-to-mouth filter is on holiday because Harry blinks twice and says, "Are those my pants?" When Ginny splutters and her cheeks flush, Harry only feels a little guilty at his relief that he's no longer the only one doing an excellent impression of a flobberworm. After a beat, he manages to regain himself, pushing his hair over his scar habitually. "I mean – what I came here – I wanted to ask you on a date." Face still red, Ginny still manages a grin as she leans against the doorframe. "Is that a question or?" Harry swallows. "A question. For you." "Alright." Two blinks. "Alright? As in yes?" Then her lips are on his, brief, but warm and sure before she pulls away and whispers against his mouth. "It's a yes." Harry nods and their noses brush, his glasses fogging with their shared breaths. "Yes." Ginny's hand comes up to cup his cheek, stroking his evening stubble gently. "Took you long enough, eh?" And if they have a bit of pre-first date snog because Ginny's roommate is out for the night, Harry figures a combined wait of nearly fifteen years is enough. Which is why it's so bizarre that he's nervous enough that he almost uses his first sick day just to lay in his bed like a blob the Thursday before their date. But a combination of his healthy work-ethic and a knowledge that sitting at home will involve nothing but mentally calculating all the ways this date can crash and burn, means Harry is sitting in his cubicle with Ron late that night when Ginny's escorted in by a ruffled looking man wearing Magical Law Enforcement Patrol robes. Harry's on his feet and halfway across the office, Ron on his heels, in no time and Ginny's face regains some color when she sees them, but there's a tremor in her voice when she says, "Fancy meeting you here." Luckily, it seems she's being escorted and not arrested – hand on lower back and not on cuffed wrists – so at least Harry doesn't have to keep Ron from throttling someone who arrested his sister. Still, it means Ginny's been in the vicinity of dark magic to such a degree that she's being brought in for questioning, rather than just giving a statement at the scene. He and Ron make it to the door of the conference room where Ginny's been taken before the escorting wizard from MLEP gives them a calculating glance, apparently sizing them up and trying to decide if he should kick up a fuss about letting them in. Which is fine because Harry's getting in that room one way or another, and he could use a bout of fisticuffs to de-stress, and Hermione's not here to talk him and Ron out of it. Plus, like any good friends, they've never let her little boxing match in Third Year go. As it turns out, the point is moot, because Robards comes striding out of his office and barks, "Weasley, Potter, follow me," and proceeds into the room. Harry decides to be the bigger man and not stick his tongue out. Ginny's fiddling with one of their 'guest' biscuits – the ones that don't taste like sawdust – and biting her lip when they enter. Her face brightens when she sees Ron and Harry are to be there as well. Harry takes a seat diagonal from her and lets his boot slide toward hers, pressing against it comfortingly, while Ron simply plops down in the closest seat and glances around, daring anyone to question his choice. Robards rolls his eyes at the show, but doesn't object. "I've only had the briefest of updates on this situation, Miss Weasley, so if you'll start from the beginning – " She clears her throat, and despite her steely gaze and tight jaw, Harry sees the slight tremble in her hands, almost can't resist the urge to grab one in his. Ginny brushes the crumbs from her fingers and begins, "I was in Diagon Alley – " she sighs, "I was dumb , trying to avoid a swarm of photographers and so I took a short cut through Knockturn." "I thought we cleared Knocturn Alley out," Ron cuts in, and Robards flicks his wand toward the quill taking dictation, "We have, essentially . But nothings foolproof, as you know." Ginny sips from the lukewarm tea in front of her and blows out a steady breath as the quill resets. "It was still bright enough – I knew where I was, over by the potions supply shop? And I heard a scuffle. I kept hidden, but by the time I got to the alley the second man was dead. And the man said something like 'no loose ends.'" Harry frowns. "Were you seen at all?" "That's partially why she's here," Robards answers gruffly, "aside from the fact that the killer who saw her is Artz – the illegal potions dealer we've been tracking for months." "I got out of there, since he didn't seem prone to letting me live to tell the tale – if the spells he shot were any indication – and got into the busiest section of Diagon I could find," Ginny shrugs, "figured he wouldn't like to chance getting photographed." After Ginny gives a description of the man she saw, views an array of mug shots, and leaves her contact information, she makes to leave, but Robards stops her. "I'm not particularly comfortable with you going off on your own until we've got a handle on this. Artz is still out there, plus he's got quite the criminal network. Every time we've had a witness willing to testify, they've been – taken care of ." Ginny frowns, "Well I can't just stay here forever." Robards glances toward Ron and Harry, then back at Ginny. "That's why Potter's taking you to one of our safe houses. Just until we bring in our kingpin. Artz isn't messing around anymore – aside it's more than illegal potions now, he's getting bloodthirsty, as I'm sure you noticed." Harry leaves to get the portkey paperwork set while Robards gives Ron instructions on heading up the search team for Artz, and he's caught by surprise when Ginny comes up behind him. "This is a much more elaborate first date than I expected," Ginny jokes, elbowing him in the side as he checks over the requisition form once more. He gives her a lopsided smile, "Trouble is, don't know how I'll top this." "Big talk, Potter. Hope your safe house measures up," Ginny says with a laugh, but there's a hint of worry in her eyes, "Are mum and dad ok? D'you think he knows who I am?" His hand finds hers without conscious thought, squeezing gently. "Ron's already sent a couple aurors over, plus he flooed Bill to check the wards. And a couple more headed to check on your flatmate in Holyhead." Ron waves a quick goodbye from across the office and then Harry and Ginny wrap their fingers around a rusty tin can and disappear from the Auror Office in a swirl of robes. Small. That's Harry's first impression of the cottage when they land just inside the front gate, the wards shimmering behind them. Whipping wind sends a shiver up Harry's spine. "It's supposed to be stocked with provisions so – " Ginny spins slowly, taking in their surroundings, from the rolling hills that reach litter the horizon, to the dense tree line that backs the small home. When she's facing Harry again, she dips in a low bow. "Lead the way my gallant knight." Snorting, Harry gives her shoulder a small shove and pulls her toward the front door. He presses his palm to the jamb and the wood glows around his fingers before the door slides open with a creak. "I'd say after you, but protocol says I have to do a sweep first." "How about together," Ginny suggests, renewing her grip on his hand as they shuffle into the dark house. When Harry flicks his wand to light the lamps, they find themselves in a one-room cottage with roughly plastered pale yellow walls and creaky wooden floors covered with thickly braided rag rugs. There's a tiny kitchenette with a stove and a water pump, a small rickety table in the corner with two chairs, and a settee shoved in the corner next to the wireless. He's just moving to search out the bedrooms when he sees it. The bed. Singular. The only remaining door leads to a small washroom which luckily includes a shower and toilet, but one bed for the both of them to – "Er- I'll take the couch?" Ginny folds her arms and glares up at him. After a moment, she saunters over to the couch and pokes the loose springs dramatically. "Becoming a human shish kebab more fun than sharing a bed with me?" Harry ruffles his hair. "I er- no. I'm sure you're very fun in