AN: This is one of those Ah-Screw-it-I'm-Going-to-Upload moments. Okay, I can explain: Too many ideas with not enough willpower to write, last year of high school, college stuff, and now I have a laptop to type everything on! Depending on the reception for this fic, I may write more like this with the plots, maybe even with the same Rule 63 Percy and Annabeth. This takes place before The Last Olympian. This was inspired by the short story Love Hurts by Jim Butcher, and from seeing the White Lights festival in Montreal. The story that is told is from Plato's Symposium. It might be obvious that I was also marathoning Firefly again, because once you get your family hooked, you have to watch it with them to see their reactions. Thank you, Anna, for the title. tumblr: conjure-at-your-own-risk Disclaimer : Boston is my favorite city, but I'm not Rick Riordan, Disney, nor Hyperion. Percy Jackson is all theirs. Word Count : 5K Title : Walking in a Moose-Less Wonderland Summary : Somehow Eros' bow and arrows have gone missing in Canada of all places. Gender-Bended. Challenge B for the FanFiction ImagiNation Forum. It was hard to describe how attractive Eros was. Like, he just was. It was a simple fact like that Ares needed anger management classes, Zeus was great at dramatics, and Eros was freakishly good looking and standing in my kitchen. He definitely took after Aphrodite in the looks department because his appearance kept changing from person to another. There was the actor in that movie about the Israeli spy, Tristan McClean; then he shifted to something that looked like the romantic lead in the chic-flick Mom and I saw the other day; and for a brief moment he resembled, just a little, to Archimedes with the stormy eyes and curly hair. Just a little. Okay? Having a god in my kitchen that clearly wasn't here to have some leftover blue Christmas cookies distracted me. "Penelope Jackson," he greeted. "Archimedes Chase." I said something really intelligent ("Wha— at?") while Archimedes held a threatening spatula up. He was a little touchy about his impromptu vacation being spoiled by gods and monsters. "Penny," Archimedes said in my ear. He poked my shoulder with the spatula. I waved him away. "Not now, Archie." Leave me alone so that I can stare at the pretty god. Oh, yes, what a pretty god he was. "I have a quest," Eros said. His smile was shinning and I could almost feel myself melting in his presence. I could agree to just about anything to hear him speak some more... And that was how I ended up with a gaudy locket and in Canada with a grumpy best friend on a quest to find Eros' stupid missing bow and arrows. "How much do I owe you?" I asked when readjusting my winter hat. With Eros' presence gone, I could only feel a lot of embarrassment on how I'd slavishly agreed to a god who had a great bone structure. "Guess," Archimedes said. He zipped his jacket up to his chin and had his magical Yankees cap bunched up in one hand. "Do me a favor and next time there's a no questing policy when I come over." I couldn't think of anything to say that could make him feel better. He'd come up to supervise some project at camp for the week, and it was great getting to see him beyond the IM messages. Mom was especially happy to have him around and had offered to let him stay the day and drive him to the airport for his flight back home. Gods, I wasn't going to say it to his face, but it felt really good to have him near me. Too many close calls over the summer for all of us, and it really puts into perspective on how much I have to rely on my friends. There was also the small matter of trying to bring up what had happened before the whole volcano incident. But it was hard to find an opening about feelings and emotions when there's a war that's about to begin. Or had already begun for our case. "I was expecting more mooses," I said as we passed the gates. "Moose, it can be singular and plural," Archimedes corrected. A small white puff of air left his mouth. "Don't insult them, they're Canada's national animal for a reason." He jostled his way through the crowd with his shoulder; his gray eyes were sharp and attentive. The festival was packed and Canadian. Instead of smelling like maple syrup like what I was hoping for, it was wet and cold and snowing. People bundled in winter jackets swarmed around us, laughing and eating warm food. There were booths set up and lots of distractions for two teenagers with ADHD. There were projectors displaying cool stuff on buildings, a giant slide for people going down in potato sacks, and really just the coolest stuff. I could see why a lot of people enjoyed visiting Montreal for this. It was also a good place to hide if you were Eros' demigod son who had stolen certain special artifacts of power. Canada was apparently a good place to hide, and a popular festival only made the job easier. Good job, you horrible son. You've officially ruined several peoples' day. My hand slid inside my jacket pocket and I held onto my pen. Even though I knew better than to whip a weapon out in a crowd (it wasn't like anyone was going to get injured or anything), there was a cautious feeling that came with a god asking for your help. The last time that'd happened we were dealing with an evil Tunnel of Love and some spiders. Back when finding a missing lightning bolt was the biggest of our problems. Man, how times have changed... "How's your school year been?" he asked. He looked over his shoulder to see if I was still there. It was brief but he was doing that ever since I'd gone on that unplanned vacation at Ogygia. Thinking about the island brought me back the sandy beaches, the scent of the flowers, and the lonely goddess "Oh, you know." I shrugged, banishing the image of Calypso's sad eyes. It was hard to think about academics with the end of the world around the corner. It made math tests very bland in comparison. Although my grade in gym has gone up (because there's nothing like staying fit with an apocalypse on our hands.) "You? What's up?" There hadn't been much time to talk about personal lives as of late. A lot of our spare time went into training and creating strategies, and less with homework and hanging out with non-lethal friends. "There's this architecture class..." Archimedes' voice turned dreamy and fell with a sudden flat. "But with my grades I haven't been able to get in." I winced. It wasn't easy being a child Athena, the goddess of freaking intelligence, and having to deal with dyslexia and ADHD, to have everyone undermine your intelligence because of that. Life sucked. It sucked a lot for a demigod. "The kid," I said, hoping to change topics. "You've stayed at camp longer. Does he ring any bells?" "The children of the minor gods..." His face heated in embarrassment. "It's sometimes hard to keep track who is the kid of which god, and the Hermes Cabin gets so full—" He sighed in defeat and turned to scan the crowd. "We've been losing more." "That's what the reports been telling me." I wrinkled my nose and tried to ignore the sickening feeling in my stomach. We were losing more kids to either Lucy's army or dead by her legion of monsters. More of the scarier beasties were popping up like daisies, and our satyrs were having trouble keeping up with bringing demigods to Camp Half-Blood. Either dead or gone to the dark side. It wasn't looking so good for us. "Think we should split up?" I asked. "We could cover more ground." "And if something happens?" Archimedes countered. "I'm pretty sure our lives aren't like the ones in cheesy horror movies," I drawled. I bumped his shoulder with mine. "Come on, it wouldn't hurt for us to use our training." "Then what does Virgil Couer look like?" There was a beat of silence. Gosh. Eros sucked. Send us off to Canada on a quest with only a hideous locket that could send us back home, and he had never told us what his son looked like. What a guy. What a god. Definitely Father of the Year material. "So what should we look out for?" I asked. "Anything Greek, of course. Any really sudden displays of affection, magical energies—" "And?" I said. "I think he's short." "We've saved the world how many times?" "I'm thinking of a strategy," he mumbled. "Just give me a second." His took his hand away from his chin and stared at something over my shoulder. "He wouldn't." "What?" I turned around and I saw what it was. "No," I said. "He stole from his dad, he has to have more brains than that." "It's dark in there," Archimedes said. "It's crowded, plenty of nooks and crannies, it wouldn't stand out. It also wouldn't hurt to investigate." "There's an underground mall." I pulled out a map that I'd grabbed from a kiosk and pointed at it. "See? Mall's a good place if any." "But love." He gestured to the entrance to the Tunnel of Love. "We all have an ironic moron inside of us." "That's the best you got?" I crumpled the map to put back in my pocket. "You'll have to come with me to hear the rest." He started walking and I called him something in Ancient Greek. The line of adoring couples wasn't that long, but we were near the end. It was getting colder and darker, so I snuggled my arms under my armpits and thought about warm beaches and Camp in the summer. "Okay," I said. "What's your genius plan?" "You're a regular at camp and you haven't noticed?" Both blond eyebrows were raised to his hairline. "Right, I don't have those keen powers of observation." I bumped his hip. "Be real here, Wise Guy, I miss the obvious a lot." "I'm not going to argue with that." His smile was brief, but Archimedes ruined the moment by shifting into one of his lecture modes. "Children of the gods are drawn to places that are similar to their parents' domain of power. Like how Clarence likes to go near places of battle, you and anything with water, Seth with salons—" "But Theo hates heights," I said, thinking about our good friend that recently became immortal (long story involving a magical apple that he was allowed to take a bite out of). "There's an exception to every rule." He turned away from me. "You're guessing!" I accused. "Oh my gods, I can't believe it. You are guessing!" "It's an educated guess." High spots of color appeared on his cheeks. "He wants to make a deal with Lucy's minions, and we have to stop him." "We're going into the Tunnel of Love to get something back that involves a love deity," I deadpanned. "Gee, this all sounds super familiar. Remember last time?" "The better not be any spiders." Our eyes met and a slow smile curved over his face. "Think you can save me from if we come across any?" "Don't worry, Archie, I got you." The memories were playing in my mind. "That was a crazy adventure. You, me, Tunnel of Love, and on live television in front of our parents. I wonder how the ratings were?" Archimedes crossed his arms over his chest. He shivered almost if those metallic spiders were back for round two. "If I'm wrong then we'll check out the mall." "Good," I said. "Wow, I'll never let you forget this