Summary: The War against Order and his allies have been won. Warpath and his allies slain the twin brother of Chaos and peace has returned. However, it did not last long. When Jacob Frye, one of Warpaths' allies and Mentor, found his niece lying half dead on the street of Utopia, the Assassin of Chaos must once again rise to hunt the one behind the attack of Lydia Frye. However, something lurks in the shadows, waiting for its chance to end the life of the Assassin of Chaos. Will Warpath succeed in his quest of hunting the Kingpin? Chapter 1 Third Person POV As the two ships, The Crusader and the Harbringer, exited Utopia's atmosphere, the Admiral of the two ships ( AN All captains of ships in the story are Admirals) , Percy and Shay, could not help but feel uneasy on this mission. Both of them feel that something is going to go wrong in the mission. Shay opened a channel to the Harbringer and said, "Crusader to Harbringer, come in." The holographic screen lit up and Warpath said, "Shay, what is it?" Shay replied, "Something doesn't feel right. We just finish fighting a war with the universe on the line and just after we finish fighting, this random guy on the List just make his move. I don't like it." Warpath nodded and replied, "I know Shay. I share the same thoughts as you. It doesn't feel right. But, we have to save the innocent civilians on the planet. You and I will take care of Sira, the rest will evacuate the planet. Get some rest. Harbringer out." With that, the holographic screen went dark. Shay rubbed his eyes and muttered, "Might as well turn in. Hope is already in bed sleeping." He set the autopilot on and went down to his cabin. He saw Hope sleeping with her back facing him. He took off his hidden blades and weapons and slipped in beside her, his arms hugging her waist and pulling her closer to him. She stirred but did not wake. Shay kissed his girlfriend's head and fell into a deep slumber. *8 hours later* Warpath's POV I slipped into my Assassin cloak and gathered my weapons. I grabbed Blackfyre and Oathkeeper and admired the new designs on their blades. Blackfyre's blade now is a mix of Helix silver and an unknown black metal. Not only that, a faint glow can be seen emitting from the blade itself. That glow is very faint, but it is bright enough to attract an enemy's attention, like a predator luring its prey. For Oathkeeper, its blade has a spiral glow on both sides on the blade and like its twin, it emits a very faint glow. Both swords are deadly in a silent predator like myself. I shook my head to clear my thoughts and activated the swords. The familiar black light engulfed me and when it cleared, my standard loadout is affixed on me. I sheathed my swords and walked out of my Personal Chambers. Outside, Evie Frye, my closest friend, was waiting in her usual black Assassin cloak with her hood down, showing her braided hair and her face. Her weapons are on her. Her pistol is holstered and her Kukri is sheathed at her left hip and her cane sword is in her right hand. I smiled at her and said, "Where are the others?" Evie smiled and replied, "They are still getting ready. I was already ready so I might as well come and annoy my protégé." I grinned and replied, "Nah, I won't get annoyed at you or Jacob. Both of you trained me and cared for me when I first got to Utopia." She smiled and gave me a hug. I respond and embrace her. When we broke apart, I started to walk to the Bridge. Evie fell in step next to me. I asked, "So, is Jacob awake? He is supposed to attend the briefing that is happening in 30 minutes time." Evie frowned and replied, "He should be awake by now. I'm so gonna kick his arse if he is not awake." I smiled and replied, "Go wake him up. Do what you have to do." She smiled and went ahead to wake her twin brother, which is also Thalia's combat master. I went ahead to the Bridge and said to the empty room, "Computer, lights on." The lights flickered on and the autopilot deactivated. I sat down on the captain seat and said, "Computer, how far are we from Sirius?" A robotic voice replied, "We are approximately 5000 kilometres away from Sirius." I said, "Thank you." I activated the ship's intercom and said, "Guys, get your asses up here. The briefing is about to start." With that, I shut off the intercom and waited for everyone to head up. I heard footsteps behind me and I knew someone was sneaking up on me. Without turning around, I stood up and manged to catch my girlfriend sneaking up on me. She deactivated her cloak and said, "How do you always know where I am?" I gave her my troublemaker smirk, knowing that it will make her mad and said, "Training." She smacked the back of my head and said, "I hate it when you have that smirk on your face." I shrugged and replied, "I know you love it. And I love you." I kissed her sweetly and pulled away. She smiled and said, "Fine, you're forgiven." I looked over and saw that everyone was just walking in. Evie walked over to me and said, "You ready?" I nodded and opened the holographic call. Shay and Hope's faces immediately showed up on the screen. I noticed that a hickey was on Hope's neck. Wanting to tease them, I said, "So, you two have been busy last night, or is it this morning." Both of their faces blushed furiously. Shay glared at me, but the blush on his face ruined the effect. I continued, "Now, if you guys want to do this, please do it after the mission eh?" Shay replied with a blush on his cheeks, "Shut it Warpath. Can we get to the briefing?" I became serious and replied, "We are 5000 kilometres from Sirius. We have to discuss our battle plan and our contingency plan should anything happens. Shay, you been here before, you seen any defences?" He nodded and said, "Sira has a large security force that he uses for his own protection. His army arrests innocent civilians and have their way with them before sending them to the citadel where they will be hanged on false charges. Also, his army has a RFID chip in their neck, allowing them to be monitored at all times. Taking them out is not an option. Those chips will alert the rest of an intruder and they will scan everyone for the chips. Everyone on that planet has one. I'm not sure how to penetrate the defences like these." I took in what Shay said and started to formulate a plan in my head. Since the soldiers can't be killed or knocked out, the only way to infiltrate the planet is to avoid them at all cost. The other way is to use the arcane cannon to blow up the entire planet, which I've done before, but usually it's a last resort. I said, "Looks like we have to do this the hard way. Shay, you're with me. We will infiltrate the planet using the Harbringer. Hope and Thalia, you're with Gideon and Ilona. Save the civilians and prep the targeting beacons. We will be blowing this planet up after the civilians are rescued. Evie, Jacob, Mitchell and Joker, you guys are with Shay and I. Follow us into the castle. Further instructions will follow. Gear up. All guns must be equipped with a suppressor. Exo-suits must be equipped with a cloak and grappling hook. We will be approaching the planet soon. Only kill as a last resort. Meeting adjourned." With that, the holographic screen disappeared. I stood up and took off to the armoury, the rest following me closely. I slapped my palm to the scanner and the door opened. I dashed inside and saw the last people that I expected, The Wielders. All of them are standing there in full battle armour. I gritted my teeth and hissed, "How did you sneak on my ship?" Annabeth replied, "It is my idea Percy. I saw you sneaking off from the party back in Utopia and I convinced the others to follow you. We sneaked into the armoury before you reached the ship." I snapped at her, "I already said to you, I don't need your help. We are not friends nor allies. I only trust my Team and Lord Chaos. Also, the List is mine to clear alone. I don't need your help. Now, we are on a ticking clock here, so stay out of our way." With that, we pushed them out of the way and started to gear up. *Fifteen minutes later* Warpath's POV I holstered my silenced pistol and sheathed my Twin swords and turned to the others. My Team is finishing up on their loadout and was waiting for orders. I said, "Head to the deck of the ship. We have to pick up Shay and Hope." They nodded and filed out of the Armoury. Thalia squeezed my hand lightly before walking out, leaving me with the Wielders. I said, "I don't know how you get into the Armoury and I don't care. You guys want to tag along, fine. You do what I say, as I say. If any of you idiots fuck this mission up and our cover is blown, I will kill you. Understood?!" They nodded with a complexion of a ghost. I turned and walk out of the Armoury and head to the deck, with the Wielders following behind. I stepped onto the Deck and saw that the Crusader has attached an air lock bridge to the shield of the Deck. I opened the air lock and Shay and Hope stepped onto the deck. Shay was dressed in his usual Templar uniform, only now the symbol has been changed to a red Assassin Insignia. I shook his hand in a roman handshake and nodded. I look over to Hope and saw that she is still wearing her purple robes. Both have their Exo-suits activated and their hoods are up. I said, "Did you do a scan on how the situation is like down there?" Shay nodded and replied, "It's a fuckin mess. Civilians are being slaughtered or being tortured. Sira must die for this." I nodded and replied, "Easy mate. Anger will cloud your judgement. They will die for this. I assure you. The Harbringer and the Crusader must be in stealth mode, and brought to sub-orbit of the planet. We will dive in from there. Let's move." I activated the guidance system of my ship and guide it to sub-orbit level, Shay mimicking my actions. We activated our ships' stealth mode and I said, "Ready?" Everyone nodded. We put on our helmets and activated our oxygen supply. I activated the security codes on both ships and opened the shield on the deck. Immediately, the solar wind was whipping at the ship, but thanks to the Exo-suit, we are unaffected. I said, "Let's get this done." With that, I did a leap of faith into the atmosphere of Sirius, the others doing the same. Before the Wielders followed us, I reactivate the shield, preventing them from following us. I smirked as I saw Annabeth glaring at me from the deck. I smirked and continued to pummel through the atmosphere of Sirius. The air around me heat up, burning up as we entered the planet's atmosphere. Since meteor bombardment on Sirius is common, Sira won't send a patrol to check, which gives us a slight advantage. We passed the atmosphere and we were