Wide, bright green eyes looked up when she tapped on his shoulder. He was scarred, that much was obvious. But the tanned girl with black eyes gave him a pleasant smile. That somehow, made him even more reprehensive. Undeterred, she stuck out her hand. "I'm Janavi" He looked at her hand and gave her a confused look. Wondering if he was daft, she looked at her hand. "Sorry!", she mumbled, sticking her right hand out. He took it. "Harry. Nice to meet you", he spoke noticing how she had left her last name out. "Why are you sitting alone?" She asked. "Because no one would sit with me." She promptly sat down next to him. He smiled. Maybe he could have a friend. "So, I'm a wizard?" Harry asked. Janavi nodded. Harry swirled his fingers in the air, a swish of blue glitter falling from them. Janavi smirked. That was a funny thing about her. Janavi would always give a fake smile and a real smirk. "Your Highness! It's time to go home", Janavi's Nanny Ms. Lillian called. Sighing, Janavi stood up and brushed lightly at her pale blue dress. She turned to him, "Come home", she said. He gave her a forlorn look. She looked at him sternly. They both stared at each other, willing the other to back down. Harry did. She grabbed his hand and they ran to Ms. Lillian. Janavi was inside with his mother. Harry was sitting on a sofa of Janavi's elaborate living room. Ms. Lillian had given him buttery scones to eat. He wasn't sure what else to do, so he ate them. Janavi's mother entered the room wearing what looked like a long cloth elaborately draped around her. Janavi was smiling, but her eyes were bright. A compromise. Vikram's mother sat down next to him. "Hello, my name is Rajashree" she said with a slight accent. "Harry Potter, ma'am", Harry said timidly, she was very beautiful. Her eyes jumped to Ms. Lillian's for a second. Vikram caught the silent communication. "Harry Potter" Janavi said, throwing an old newspaper next to him, "the boy-who-lived". "Sorry, what?" He asked picking the paper. The Daily Prophet. She didn't answer, because she wanted him to read the article. "The Wizarding Britain is very thankful to you, aren't they? Very concerned about you." She said when he threw the paper aside. "Of course, in the process they haven't even managed to get your name right is a different matter." He snorted. She raised an eyebrow. "I'll come to India with you" He answered her unasked question. He wanted no part in this, she understood. "Why do we have to go different schools now?" He asked, slightly scared. "See, it has a lot of positive aspects. It'll increase your sphere, we wouldn't get bored of each other, it'll humble my wayward attitude. You know, the like." "But why separate girls' and boys' school? Can't we study together?" "Indians have recognized the beauty of 'divide and rule' and everything" She said lightly. This was another one of those British-oppressed-Indians-for-400-years dig. "Yeah" Hadrian said, thinking about an escape route, "No wonder it has been going on for ages, 2000 years to be historically adequate. Don't you think it's time for change?" There, he had successfully refuted her argument before it started "I suppose", she said with an uncharacteristically deep look on her face. She turned and left, her pace faster than usual. A confidence in her stride. In Hindi "Student!" An old man, clad in a saffron dhoti, said in a deep voice, " Today, we are going to welcome a new student into our folds!" Three days into school, Hadrian could call atleast fifty of his classmates new. The man liked being dramatic, Hadrian could tell. " And I want you to behave normally, as the new student is supposed to be treated as any other student" the Pradhaan Shikshak continued. This news interested Hadrian. Was some other Prince transferring in? then again, it might just be a disabled student. Presuming from the dramatics, it was the former. " Here she is," Pradhan Shikshak remarked "Janavi Sight Rajput". The older boys looked up interestedly hearing a girl's name, but soon ignored the entire floorshow upon noticing that the 'girl' was eleven. But among the curious and disinterested, a single boy smirked. "So?" Hadrian said casually as Janavi neared the boys. Pradhan Acharya was watching them closely, "Change arrived sooner than I thought?" "Girls' school threw me out" She said flatly, "said something about a teacher choosing me" "And I am presuming you had no hand in this" Hadrian said wryly, raising an eyebrow. Janavi smirked and shrugged, her pallav nearly falling off her shoulder. The boys around were watching them curiously. Hadrian had a very strong urge to grab Janavi's hand and run back to the palace. Hadrian sighed. He looked at Janavi and raised an eyebrow. Janavi turned her face away in a downward arc and gazed at the ground. They will talk, there was more. "Well" "Well, what?" "Start talking already!" Janavi patted a straw mat beside her. Hadrian sat down. "You're supposed to kill Voldemort" she said calmly. Hadrian paused, he wasn't expecting this. "And?" "They want to train you for it" Janavi said softly, "and me" They stayed silent for a moment. "Nice" Hadrian said wondering what he felt about it, "After I'm done killing a dead man, do you mind making me your very own private assassin? Pretty girl like you? Might be useful to keep me around" "Most amusing" Janavi said wryly. "So I've been told" "He's not dead" Janavi said after some silence, "And he wants to kill you" "How can you be sure?" "I'm to treat every word my teacher says as gospel" "Now you're being funny" "And there was a prophecy" "And only old women believe then" Hadrian said wryly, "You could start getting along with your grandmother! Who'd have guessed!" "Voldemort believes it" Hadrian paused, "Reason why he came after my parents." He said wryly. Janavi nodded. "You sure he isn't dead?" he asked again. She gave him a flat look. Hadrian sighed. "The moment your teacher saw me" He said fingering the lightning bolt on his forehead, "He knew I'm tainted" "Is that why Dumbledore threw you out into Dursely's care? That's lame" Janavi said in a nonchalant way. Hadrian knew she was thinking of all the implications, but was waiting for him to mention specifics. "A part of him is latched onto me" he said softly. Janavi looked at him steadily. "Any way to take it out?" "None harmless." "Didn't expect them to be.." "I would be lucky to survive." Janavi gulped imperceptibly. But Hadrian noticed. "There has to be a way. If there isn't one the there will be once we're done!" Janavi said firmly. Janavi, Hadrian had noticed, always had a thing about her that worked when she wanted it to. Hadrian, also knew that Janavi was doing it on purpose, but he couldn't help but feel warmed by her words. Then again feeling warm in this humid weather might not be the best thing. "So?" Hadrian said when that warm feeling faded "So we ignore it for now" Janavi said. Hadrian smiled. Janavi stood up and left. "I have to go" Janavi said to him softly. It was afternoon time, classes had just finished. The boys were giving them curious glances. Janavi only ever spoke to two or three boys in the entire school. Most people were still curious about her. An older student had once calmly said that Diane would be the most beautiful woman in the entire country when she grew up. It was enough to enlighten the puberty of most boys. Hadrian had an urge to scream. "Where?" Hadrian said sharply. If Janavi noticed his tone, she didn't comment. "Absolutely, no idea" "When will you come back?" Hadrian said sulkily, slightly mollified for loosing his cool. "Same", she understood he was having a moment. "I hate your teacher" "No point" "No point of staying here either" He said coldly, feeling betrayed for some reason. Janavi paused and looked at his face. She saw no goodbye, there was no point of one. "True" she said with a slight smile, turning away. "Why are you going?" Hadrian asked the back of her head. "Seeking the strength of the timeless mountains" She called back. The Himalayan Caves, Hadrian realized, to meditate. Spring turned to summer, seemingly all things pleasant had left the Boy's school with spring. Often, Vikram would look at the lake, and notice its glistening surface, remembering, how Diane would splash her feet in it, pulling up her saree slightly to ensure decorum, but most importantly so that it wouldn't get wet. It made him really sick. How could he miss her? Why should he? But he did. And there she was, god knows where, always at the back of his mind. He despised her for it, but what could he do? Ignore it. He told himself, remembering his earlier advice to her. Her. Well, shit. The main problem, Hadrian was sure, was there was no potential distraction. He was floating with magic. Classes were nothing. Students were mediocre, well, except for some, but they were older or his friends. But then again, Janavi did stare at Aditya Khare's chest while he was bathing. That was the only reason he never spoke to Khare out of principle. Lying on his straw mat, Vikram sighed. Two years and she hadn't come back. He was fifteen, another two and he would be out of here. He was sure he could easily pass the exams now, with distinction. Janavi had done it two years ago, afterall. "Janavi" Hadrian sighed, "Where are you?" " So you want to teach me how to do magic in parseltongue?" Hadrian asked "Why yes, it'll be exceptionally beneficial. It's a dying language, son. It would be quite an asset to you. Moreover it is a versatile form of practicing magic, so you can be assured that the utility of it won't end with your duty. It could help you find your calling" "As you think would be best, teacher" "I also think you shouldn't renounce your title" "My title?" "Yes, the Peverell title, wouldn't it make sense it take it up? Your legacy, your children, all would be glad you did" "I shall think about it" It happened quite unexpectedly. Hadrian was woken up harshly by a rough hand. He paid it no mind, all hands were rough here. " Wake up, Kunwar! " His fellow batchmate, Anand, said, " Raj Kumari is back!" Hadrian bolted out of bed, not caring that he hadn't shaved, or his bare chest, or how out of control he felt. It was dawn time and she was by the lake. Safron saree somehow accentuated her tan, nearly bare back. Hadrian stood there, lip trembling. Fifteen feet, that was the entire distance between them. His friend, his first ever friend who had been around despite knowing nothing about him, was standing in front of him. Warmth bloomed in his chest, as he uttered the single word out of his mouth. "Janavi" She had been watching him, black eyes latched on his green. Four years had passed, physically, they were now unrecognizable but they knew each other. They stood apart, either wishing the other to come, both knowing the social boundaries which prohibited them. "Well, I'm the Princess", she said in a haughty tone. He smirked. She ran to him and grasped him around the neck and he held her supporting her weight without falling. He swung her around just for effect and was granted the musical laughter that rang around the stone gurukul. "Students" The calm word was said in the most even tone possible, but Janavi's teacher's voice made them jump apart. Hadrian and Janavi, teary eyes and blushing, looked down. Her teacher didn't say anything more. "I have an exam today!" Hadrian said