A/N: hey guys. i'm back with a new story. it is a B/A/R/E fiction, so if you don't like this pairing, please leave. i don't know when the next update will be because i still have to write it. another thing, the rest of the chapters are more than likely going to be in Bella's pov because it's just too complicated to keep switching view points. DISCLAIMER: this is the only disclaimer i will do. I do NOT own twilight, but if i did, Bella would get it on with all the chicks and be Emmett's bestest friend ever. anyways, enjoy! APOV Biloxi, 1910 "NO! You don't have that right anymore; you murdered my mother in cold blood then married her sister. What kind of sick bastard are you?" I scream at the man claiming to be my father. "Heh, you know, I never did like you, ya little bitch. I should have killed that wench before she brought you home from the adoption agency! Yer nothin but a cheap whore anyways," he replies. My smirk grew the more he spoke. "You see, I don't care what you say. I have my girls, and my visions to help me. You can't hurt me anymore." Just then, the priest walks in with the police and a doctor. He glances between me and the idiot in front of me before signaling the two huge policemen to take my father away. He nods at the doctor, and they both seize me. "Wait, what are you doing? We had a deal! LET ME GO!" I kick and scream, but the doctor grabs a soaked cloth from his back pocket and places it in front of my mouth. When I breathe in to scream some more, everything goes black. The last thing I see is the face of my beautiful Isabella. / I wake up on a cold hard table. There's a bright light above me that effectively blinds me. I try to turn my head, but it doesn't move. I can make out shapes coming onto my vision. "She's coming to. Quick, someone get the tranquilizers! She's going to start thrashing." It takes me a minute to figure out what the voice said, but when I do, I'm hit with a needle the size of Texas. I get a vision as soon as I lose consciousness. "It's ok Mary Alice, I'll get you out of here; nobody will hurt you, I promise. Then it cuts to another vision. "Mary Alice, I'm sorry, but this will hurt slightly," as soon as the voice says it, a man bites my neck. / For the first time since I've woken up, I get to leave this awful table. The man who bites me is the one to take me. He says his name is Daniel and that he swears that he will get me out of this terrible place. We walk along the hall, and I hear the screams of attention from the other patients. They slap and hit their doors and walls. We finally make it to our destination. I notice that I'm getting my hair cut. My heart speeds up in anticipation for the worst. Daniel sits me down in the barber chair and places a cover around me. "Don't worry, Mary Alice, it won't be buzzed off. I'll leave you hair because you're going to need it when we escape soon." With that, he puts the longest guard on the clippers. He grabs the hair shears and cuts my hair short. Then he picks up the clippers and shaves. I can't help but cry as my hair falls to the floor. Who's going to want me now? My girls have probably moved on by now… Esme, Rosalie, Isabella. He finishes in less than ten minutes and takes me back to my table. The other doctors strap me down again and tranquilize me. / Today is the day. Daniel says that the person he's been waiting for has arrived. We leave in the middle of the night. As soon as we make it to the forest though, a really scruffy man ambushes us. He lunges at Daniel, and I go flying into a tree. They fight for what seems like forever before Daniel finishes him by taking his head. To scared to move, I stay against the tree and watch as Daniel gruesomely takes the head of the mystery man. There isn't a single drop of blood on him either. A wild looking woman comes from the trees behind Daniel, but he doesn't turn around. "LOOK OUT DANIEL!" I scream at him. He turns around and greets the woman like a normal person. The expression on my face must be hysterical because my eyes are wide and I'm pretty sure my jaw dropped. Daniel and the woman kiss. They become intimate like they haven't seen each other for years. I take this moment to run away from the crazy people. Or is it me that's the crazy one? I don't get far before the wild woman from before tackles me to the ground. I roll over and try to push her off, but she doesn't move. With tears running down my face, I try my hardest to knock her off balance, but she holds on tight. Finally, I punch her square in her nose. She seems surprised that I would even do that and lets me go to touch her nose. Quickly, I scramble up and continue running. "S-she hit me," is all I hear before I leave hearing distance. The bushes behind me continuously rustle, so I speed up. It doesn't make a difference though; Daniel catches and carries me back to the woman. He doesn't let me go even after I stop squirming. "Let me go," I say in a deadly serious tone. Daniel doesn't listen and keeps me locked in his arms. I take to different measures. I lean down and bite his arm hard enough to draw blood. He still doesn't let go, so I try to force my way out again. It doesn't work. I finally just sit there. "Are you ready to listen now?" he says in his always calm voice. I huff in defeat. He and the woman glance at each other before she starts. "I'm Victoria Hollows, and this as you know is Daniel Hollows. He is my husband that I haven't seen in twenty years. He is a vampire while I am what some people call a rakshasa or metamorph behemoth. I am a demon that can change between a "human" form and a beast form," she explains. I give her a look of doubt. Instead of saying something, she moves the hair right behind both ears. In an instant, two curved horns grow from her head and a tail appears. I'm shocked. What. The. Fuck. She stands up and appears the tiniest bit taller than before. "This is my original form. It's how I found Daniel." Daniel let go of me before standing up and going to Victoria. "Another thing, Mary Alice. Well, you see, Victoria and I are your parents." At that I scoff. He gives Victoria another glance before they both flutter to me. "Mary Alice, I'm sorry, but this will hurt slightly." EsPOV Jackson, 1910 My Dearest Mary Alice, I am so sorry, my dear that you were taken. Each day I write in hopes that you will be back in Biloxi, but only Isabella's parents remain. Both she and Rosalie have left town as have I. I had no choice Mary Alice, believe me. My mother betrothed me to Evan before we even met. I had not known about it until you disappeared. Please believe me Mary Alice, I wish for you and the others each and every day. There isn't a moment that I do not think about the three of you and the time we spent together. I must leave now, so please be well, my dear. Love Always, Esme Platt This is the last one; the last letter I will write for my dear Mary Alice. Evan has been suspicious about my writings, so I've had to hide them away. Each day, he gets worse. When my mother first told me of my betrothal to Evan, I was furious. I had just lost Mary Alice and Rosalie left the same night. The only ones left were Isabella and me. I fought long and hard, but alas it was not enough. I can't take much more of this. It is literally killing me. Evan comes home from work. He comes through the door, and I'm standing there waiting like a good little house wife hoping tonight will be free of beatings. He stalks up to me and roughly kisses my lips. I fight back the urge to gag or bite the tongue that continuously shoves itself down my throat. His rough hands grope me too harshly, and I find myself wishing for the three pairs of feminine hands I miss so much caressing my body. Evan pushes me to the ground and unbuckles his belt. With his bottom half bare, he straddles my waist and proceeds to rape me. I fight as hard as I can, but eventually, I give up. He's much bigger than me; there's no way I could actually fight him off. When he finishes, he roughly pulls himself out of me and goes to shower. "I expect you to go shower when I'm done, you filth." I lie there and sob harshly for my girls. / Eight months have passed, and I'm as big as a house. My body aches everywhere, but at least I have no bruises. Evan stopped beating me since we found out I was pregnant, but he still works me like a pack mule. I'm at home resting while Evan is at work. I sing softly to the baby in my womb waiting for him to kick happily as he had in previous days. I wait with my hand on my womb and my voice lulling, but nothing happens. I feel pain and look down to see blood streaming down my legs. I panic and call 911 for an ambulance. It arrives in five minutes and takes me to the hospital. / I wait impatiently for the doctor to come back with news. Carlisle walks through the door with a solemn expression on his face. I immediately burst into tears while he awkwardly walks back out of the room. / I find myself looking at the bottom of a cliff in a thin hospital gown. The longer I stare, the more appealing it seems to join my little boy instead of returning to my bastard of a husband. The bad part about this? I haven't even turned twenty; I'm going to die without saying goodbye to Mary Alice, Rosalie, and Isabella. Everything I live for has been taken from me, so there isn't a reason for me to live anymore. I jump, and in the oh so many seconds I fall through the sky toward the jagged rocks, I think back to the three women I've left behind. I hit the grounds hard, but I don't die. I begin losing consciousness, but before I do, I see Carlisle running to me. "I'm sorry Esme, but I can't let you end this way." RPOV Rochester, 1910 Mary Alice, I don't think I can live without you, but I guess I'll try. I've gone to New York; Rochester to be exact. I'm trying my hardest to follow my dreams like you always told me to. "ROSALIE, GET YER TAIL IN HERE AND TAKE THIS TO TABLE FIVE!" yells Ms. Janice. I work as a busgirl and waitress at Billy's bar and Grill. Day and night, there are men grabbing my ass and trying to feel me up and down. Ms. Janice tries her hardest to keep the men down, but there's only so much she can do. Today's just as bad. On my