CHAPTER ONE: The deathof Gerontius "I must be tired", thought Thelandan to himself, "I thought I just saw a Periannath run past my window. There have been no Periannaths in Imladris for many years." Suddenly a shrill scream came to Thelandan's aging ears, and a sly smile spread slowly across his weathered face. His hearing was not what it once was, but even such a high pitched sound he could hear when it was half expected. "Grimordel, dear, I think we have visitors. That sound's like one of our cultured neighbours has just laid their eyes for the first time on a Halfling!" A fine featured but elderly woman stepped into the study where Thelandan was seated at his big oaken desk, which was covered with charts of far distant lands. She was elegant and yet powerful, even in her declining years. A woman who has the distant and hollow gaze of a warrior who has seen much death and bloodshed. This was a once mighty she-elf warrior, now living at peace in the twilight of her lifetime in the safety of her homeland. "A Periannath, in Imladris? Right here in the city? That should raise some eyebrows", said Grimordel as she stole up behind Thelandan's chair and reaching over, gave him a light squeeze on the shoulder. "Remember when we last visited Bree, and you simply insisted on going to the town of the Periannath, The Shire, to visit that old coot Gerontius. Why that must have been some thirty years ago now." "Yes dear, I shall not soon forget the fuss you made on my return when you told me of the raiding band of Orcs that broke through the gate at Bree and you had to take up arms again. At your age. What were you then dear, 150 years old?" "Not quite", laughed Grimordel dryly, "I was only 148, and not a day over. Anyway, those weren't just ordinary Orcs, they were those Uruks of Mordor." "Silence woman!" snapped Thelandan gruffly, "Even in the safety of Imladris it is not wise to mention that land's name here. I'm going to see what fuss this Periannath has caused in the city, and maybe learn of its errand." "Would you like me to prepare a room?" asked Grimordel, who was used to unexpected visitors dropping in on them. Some would stay overnight, and others would stay much longer. "No dear. I'm sorry I snapped. This is a Halfling, not a Dwarf. He will find welcome lodging with any one of our enlightened neighbours. Your services will not be required this time." Thelandan patted Grimordel's arm in a gesture that, while comforting, was also a signal that he wanted to get up without knocking her onto the floor with his great leather chair. At their age, both Thelandan and Grimordel had become very understanding of each other's weaknesses. When she had stepped back, he swung his chair away from his desk and, gathering up his cloak from the hook, made for the door. "Do watch out for wains on the road Thelandan, the streets are busy at this time of day." Thelandan caught the twinkle in Grimordel's eye, "Silence wench" he flicked back jovially, "and have my dinner ready for me when I return." Thelandan knew he was as likely to find his meal sitting beside Karn's bowl on the front doorstep with that quip, so he hurried off on his way. Stepping into place as quickly beside him as his shadow, the wolf-cub sprang from his resting place on the deer-hide that lay on the porch. Thelandan and Karn had been inseparable since he found the cub in the Fell Winter of 2911. At nine years old, Karn was still a relatively young wolf, but not quite a cub any more. Karn was orphaned in an attack of the White Wolves upon Imladris when their pack crossed the Baranduin River which froze over during the Fell Winter. Thelandan, at over 170 years old, was starting to feel the weight of the years upon him, and the hole that had been left in his heart at the loss of his only son Thorandan some 140 years earlier was never truly healed. So when he came across a young wolf-cub left behind by the defeated White Wolves, all alone in the ice and snow, he took it home as a surrogate. He never openly mentioned Thorandan's name in connection with Karn to Grimordel, as she had her own grief for their son, and no replacement would ever do. Sometimes he even denied to himself that there was any connection. Thelandan and Karn walked up the cobbled street to the town square, with Karn sniffing the breeze and panting lightly all the way. He knew that this was the wrong way to be going if they were going to collect rabbits. He was, in fact, quite an intelligent animal. A throng of people up ahead led Thelandan to the place where the Periannath had come: right on the door-step of the great library of Imladris. Thelandan saw towering above the sea of faces the features of Ellandan, one of Elrond's two sons. "…and he's not got much time left for this world", gasped the voice of the Hobbit from the middle of the ring of people that had gathered to see what the commotion was about. The little person had obviously been running for a long time, perhaps since Bruinen, for there were said to be Orcs upon the slopes of Hithaeglir, and so it is well that this Periannath had given them the slip with his haste. Thelandan remembered the speed and quietness of foot of Periannaths he had met in the past, and so was not surprised at this in the slightest. Thelandan made his way through the crowd, which separated for him easily at seeing Karn at his heels. "Someone bring this boy something to drink, quickly, he has travelled far", said Thelandan authoritatively, taking control of the situation. Then, addressing the Periannath, he asked, "What is your name, lad, and what brings you to Rivendell?" "Sir, my name is Ham Gamgee", said the young Hobbit, "I come in search of two people at the behest of a dying Hobbit, a great Hobbit of renown. He asked to see these friends of his one last time before he passed on. "What be the name of this Hobbit of renown, and what be the name of his friends?" inquired Thelandan, half suspecting the answer already. "It is Gerontius, known as the Old Took, that is dying, and he seeks council with Mithrandir and Thelandan before he dies", the Hobbit replied as he reached greedily for the cup that someone from the crowd had proffered him. "You have brought this message all the way from The Shire, young man, and I am grateful to you, for I am Thelandan of whom you seek. Of the whereabouts of Mithrandir I cannot speak, for he is a traveler, as I once was, and may at this very time be as close as Bree or as far as Minas Tirith, or anywhere in the woods and plains between." "Mithrandir is here", interjected Ellandan, who spoke up for the first time since Thelandan arrived amongst the crowd. "He is at home with father, having arrived just last night." "Thank you for your tiding, master Ellandan", said Thelandan, and, turning back to Ham the Hobbit, "Come with me then, young lad, and together we will beseech Mithrandir for an audience on behalf of old Gerontius." As the old Dúnedain and the Halfling where shown into the presence of Elrond and Mithrandir, the young Hobbit's eyes grew wider at the wonder of the House he had entered. For this was a place older than any he had seen before, almost as if it were built when all around was flat plains, and that the heights of Hithaeglir, the Misty Mountains, had grown up around it. When they were still a ways off from the pair, Ham asked, "I have heard of Lord Elrond before, but who is this Mithrandir?" "If you have heard of Elrond, then you must know of his great age. Mithrandir is older yet still. He is an Istari, or a wizard in the Common Speech. Neither of them are to be trifled with. Hush now, and let me address them. It is good that you found me first", replied Thelandan, as they approached the two great men. It seemed as if Elrond and Mithrandir were in the middle of a heated exchange, and Thelandan knew diplomacy was needed before he could broach the issue of Gerontius. "My Lord Elrond, and Mithrandir Stormcrow, pardon the intrusion if you will", announced Thelandan. Quickly Elrond placed a heavy red woven tapestry over the table that Mithrandir and he were standing beside, but not before Thelandan caught sight of a marvellous ring, along with what looked like a small shiny dot or star, a royal sceptre, and a broken sword. These Thelandan recognized immediately as the heirlooms of the King's house: the ring of Barahir, the star of Elendil, the sceptre of Annúminas, and the shards of Narsil. He did not speak of them, as he knew that it was a closely guarded secret that they were kept at Imladris when not in use, and not in Annúminas, the City of Kings. "Thelandan, welcome. I had not heard that our Mithrandir was using his powers to provide children for grieving parents now", said Elrond on noticing the Halfling at Thelandan's side. "Was this once that mutt that used to follow you everywhere?" "This is none of my doing Elrond", quipped Mithrandir, "If I had been involved I would at least have gotten the mix of Númenoeran and Elvish blood right. Never before have I seen a Periannath as the result of such a mix of the races. Who is your young friend Thelandan?" the wizard asked. "My Lords, may I introduce Ham Gamgee of The Shire. He has travelled a long way alone to seek council on behalf of our old friend Gerontius. It seems his time has finally come. He is asking after Mithrandir and myself. We must go at once." "Steady on", replied Mithrandir. "Being around this young Hobbit has renewed your vigour; I will say that much for you Thelandan. Young man, when did the Old Took take sick? I saw him last only a few short months ago for his 130th birthday." "Uh, uh", stammered Ham, "Uh, it would have been, uh, about last Thursday my Lord." "No need to be afeared of me, young pup. I'm not going to turn you into a squirrel if you say something wrong. You may call me Gandalf." "Gandalf!" exclaimed Ham, "I thought I recognised you. You used to come to the Old Took's place every Midsummer's Eve with your magic rockets that would light up the night sky! But why do they call you Mithrandir?" "That is my name in Quenya, the high tongue of the Elves. It is a language not used much these days, save by the High-Elves such as our Lord Elrond. In the same language we call this place Imladris that you call Rivendell." Gandalf paused for a moment in thought. "Thelandan, can you provide lodging for our young friend here overnight. I have much to discuss with Elrond by the light of the Moon, and early tomorrow we shall make for the Shire together." After they said their farewells and Thelandan and Ham had departed, Mithrandir took up again the conversation he was having with Elrond before they were interrupted. "I have searched everywhere, through the treasuries of ancient houses and in the scrolls of lore from libraries throughout Gondor, Harodor, and even secretly in Mordor itself. I have risked my neck time after time to find it. Rohan has no mention of it either, it just seems to have completely disappeared from history itself!" "No!" replied Elrond emphatically,