" Thranduil returns to his homeland after the final battle against Sauron and his forces, crowned King and carrying his father's corpse" They marched in a silent line, with their new King leading them on the front; riding proudly one of the steeds they were left. Oropher King and most part of the army of Erys Lasgalen fell before the orcs of Mordor, but in the end, the light won the battle. None of the survivors was free of grief, and especially their new king, crowned and wedded in the middle of the battle field, mourning silently his father, his emotions plainly visible on his paler than usual face. By the King, The Queen of the Greenwood marched alongside with her newly wedded husband, a severe expression on her face, with her armour on and proudly carrying the banner of Thranduil's house. They marched through the fields of Gondor and the Brown lands, following the Anduin back to their homes. They made their entrance in to Erys Lasgalen singing for the first time since before Sauron marched to war, and they were songs of grief, of pain, of loss. They sung about their King, and his loyal subjects. They sung about their bravery and their mighty deeds in battle. They sung about their blood, spilt of the earth, red mixing with the black of the blood of orcs. They sung about the deeds of those who return home carrying the fallen to the forest. They sung, at last, of their new King, of how He demonstrated been a good leader and the promise of peace and prosperity He now represents for all those who have fallen under his rule. The color seemed drained from all that surrounded them, so great was her husband's grief. Anyway, she couldn't reproach him anything, since she herself didn't feel like smiling anymore. She was there when Oropher fell. She was there, but couldn't do anything to prevent his passing. Thranduil wasn't ready for the crown. She knew, and he knew that she knew. He was immature to a level his father couldn't have imagined. Oh, he acted all regal when it was needed, but most of the time He was a giant, childish cat roaming around for attention. How were they supposed to rule the kingdom on their own? Taking care of the guards? Easy as cake, she has been a soldier all her life. Managing a kingdom, while preventing your grieving and overdramatic spouse to do something foolish? She would rather return to the horror of the battlefield. At least there she would have a clue or two about what to do. Asking for help on those first months wasn't possible (years, more accurately, her husband mental healing will take time, no doubt) with the mess left by Gil Galad, Elrond and The Lady Galadriel have enough on their hands. And it wasn't like she could speak of her worries to her husband. Her idiotic, exasperating husband whose incessant talk has been replaced by silence since the moment he pronounce his marriage vows. It was something that makes her angrier at him than anything he did before, and he did plenty of things to make her mad in the past. It's totally annoying when someone you're walking next to doesn't talk to you at all for weeks, but when that someone is your newly wedded husband… She was tempted to cuff him over the head, just like when they were teenagers training with the royal guard. The Queen observed his husband, who rode by her, head hung and his golden hair, fell between them as a curtain. His eyes, so blue they use to glow, seem now dead and opaque to her. His lips were tightened on a thin line, and were drained of all color. He looked old… So old… It seemed that he was now human, with a mortal body, and slowly, as grains on a sand clock, the years lived as an elf were taking their toll on him. The whole court waited in front of the palace, with the rest of their people that lived in the capital, and they bowed when they descended from their mounts, bowed again when the body of her father in law was brought forward, and bowed one last time when they walk to the gates. Everything was done in silence, which only inflamed her rage further, and she was detailing the monologue she was going to have with his husband when they were settled again. She zoned out for a minute, and the next thing she knew is that she was alone in the hallway to her chambers. So mechanical were her movements that she didn't notice until she was near her door. She entered the room with stomping feet and delivered a kick to the door that closed with a loud bang. Hiding her face on a pillow, she let herself scream until her throat was sore and her temper calmed. The pack was carelessly tossed upon the bed and she started unpacking the few things that survived the war. Two changes of clothes and a ribbon the same shade blue of Thranduil's eyes. Not that she would admit it, not even under torture. The sap in their relationship was her husband, who was effectively proving her right with his dramatic tantrum and nonsense. She lost friends in this war, too. She lost family members. She lost her king and father in law, and she was there when it happened, not like Thranduil, who was in charge of the soldiers located uphill, with the archers. She was there, with the elite corps. She saw those trolls coming towards them, their footsteps shaking the floor beneath their feet like an earthquake. She saw the club rise and make a perfect arch before slamming into her king, no, her uncle ( for he was nothing short of that to her, before and after her courting, and he have been a good friend of her father for a long, long time) and sending him flying through the air backwards several feet before landing on the floor with a loud crack, and he laid there, unmoving, for what it seemed an eternity, before they pushed the enemy back and regrouped their forces for a counterattack. It was her who made sure the corpse was found (she remembered the exact point of the battlefield where he laid, blood staining the earth, flies taking the battlefield while cries of pain and despair could be heard along the plain) and she waited with him on her lap until Thranduil made it there, from the healer's tent where he had been sent with cracked ribs and a cut from shoulder to hip on his back. She kept watch so none of the scavengers could get to him. And she cried. Silent cries without tears, little hiccups that shocked her and a stone on her stomach, making her feel like drowning. She didn't even realized she was there, sitting on the bed and shaking like an autumn leaf on the wind, not until there was a soft knock on the door. Her heart leapt on her chest. She knew he would come around sooner or later, that he will see reason and behave like an adult… But it wasn't Thranduil on her door, it was one of the councilors and for the look in his face, the elf was in great distress. So soon after the end of the war, she feared for the worst. An attack of some sorts against their home. It was a good thing she didn't take off her amour then. With all this wrath bubbling up in her… let the come, by the valar, let them dare to attack her home again. "My Queen… We… we wanted to know if the king would join the council, for there are many matters that require his attention and of course there is the coronation to prepare…" She frowned. Thranduil was supposed to take matters into his hands as soon as they arrived. Oropher's funeral was to be arranged as soon as possible, surely there were petitions to sign… or whatever kingly affairs her father in law used to take care of "Why wouldn't he?" she asked, still frowning, and only when she saw the councilor cowering did she realized that, with the armour on, and that scowl on her face, she looked a bit intimidating. She almost smiled. Almost. "The King is in his quarters, Your Grace, but His Majesty refuses to talk to us and would not leave the room, we fear for him, Your Grace" They feared Thranduil faded like his mother did when all her family was slaughtered on an attack to their caravan. AAAARRRGGHHHH If he weren't so pretty and cute, she would make a rug out of his hide. She sighted and let her head hung, defeated. "I will talk to him. The council appointed by Oropher King can rule in place of my husband one day more. Make sure they have everything ready for the funeral and the coronation" The councilor was so grateful he bowed three times on a row, and she was sure he must have gave himself a headache tossing his head up and down that way so fast. Still bowing, He left her room and, after locking the door (the councilors may knock before pestering her, but many of the friends that remained behind didn't have manners at all) she went over to her wardrobe and pulled it open. Wasn't such a good idea, mind you, who would have known that the inside of the thing, will get so dusty during her absence. Since getting changed into something less ragged seemed an impossible task, she just undid her armour and put it aside to be cleaned later. Opening the door with another sight (really, she was reaching her limit when it comes to bullshit, valar help that jerk named Sauron if he bothers them in the next millennia or so) she set course to her husband's rooms, which were reasonably close but far enough to be considered proper for a courting pair, especially since one of that pair was a Crown Prince. Just before she was to knock at his door, she realized. Now that they were married, the king's chambers were theirs. They will have to move. They will be together. All. The. Time. She loved him dearly, but more than twelve hours per day with him qualified as pure torture (and generally ended with shouts –hers- and cries- his- and with someone sleeping in the gardens at the other side of the castle just to be as far away as they could from each other) She didn't knew how much time she stood there with her hand on a fist, ready to knock, but at the end she shook off the trance ( and those horrible, horrible pictures of her new husband and all the troubles he would get himself into and gods, now they will share a room, geez, she could recall the painting phase experience when they ended up covered in pink paint from head to toe after he insisted she posed as model for his new art project- which wasn't that bad, but still he wasn't an artist by far- or that other time when he found a box of stray kittens and took them in, against his father's wishes – wise elf, even wiser father- and hided them under his bed, and fed them vegetables and wine…poor, poor little things… and poor servants…) The knock was followed by silence, but she decided that being married means that it was all right for her to catch him in the middle of changing clothes, and things like that. She was prepared to find him sprawled on the bed, an arm over his face, drinking wine and babbling nonsense and being overdramatic in general. She was ready to deal with tears, bone crushing hugs, a