Disclamier: I don't own any characters besides the ones that aren't in the stories. They all belong to SM. Today was just another day in my world. I get up as early as I possible can to get out of my house before my mother wakes up. Ever since my father left us, my mother has gotten deeper and deeper into her depression. She drinks because she can't deal with the pain, and I am pretty sure that she is also doing drugs. I can always wish that things will go back to the way how they were, but I know they will never be the same. When she isn't drinking she is fine. She just leaves me the hell alone. I will always love my mother, but doesn't mean I will ever like her, not like this anyways. I just wish she would get the help she needs, so that way we can become a family again. My home is broken enough as is, it doesn't need to get any worse. "KIM!" Oh shit, she is awake! Why is she awake at 6:00 am? I hear the front door slam. She must of got home from being who knows where. I hear her stumbling in the hallway, and I hear her try to open my door. She must of forgotten that she locked my bedrooom door after dinner lastnight. I get dressed as quickly as I possible can, grab my backpack and I climb out of my bedroom window, as I hear her put the key in the keyhole. Thank the lord we live in a one story house. I hear my bedroom door slam open as I'm at the end of my drive way. She is stumbling all over my room, she pulls my covers back, and shrieks when she realizes I'm not there. I run until I'm at the end of my street and I know for a fact she will not come outside to find me. She is probably sleeping by now or drinking some more booze. Either way, I'm out of the house, and away from her. I hope to God she doesn't lay a hand on me later today, after I get home from school. I really don't feel like lying about why I got another bruise on me. I have always been pretty klutzy, so my teachers aren't shocked when I come in with some new bruises, but the ones on my neck, shoulders, and a couple of times on my face, they have gotten pretty suspicious and I know for a fact, if I come in with one more bruise, children's aid will be called. I don't want to be want to be taken away from my mother, she might be a drunk but she is still my mother, and I am still holding on, that she will get help. I also don't want to be taken from my bestfriend. Speaking of my bestfriend, I am climbing into her window as we speak. She sleeps in the basement and the basement window has a lock with a code on it, that only I know. She has a spare bed in her room, always with pillows and blankets on it just in case. I have known Stacey for over 11 years now. She knows almost every secret about me, and I her. I'm pretty sure she knows about my mother abusing me, and has tried to bring it up to me many times, but I always just change the subject. Stacey won't bring anything up for a few days, then she will try again. I go into her bathroom and get ready for the day. I have a quick shower because I knew Stacey would be getting up any moment. Stacey probably won't be suprised that I am there. She is used to it by now. As I am blow drying my hair I look into the mirror, and I just stare at myself. I have tan skin, which comes with being a Native, a slightly larger nose then most women, but it fits my face perfectly, full pink lips, too full for my liking, long eyelashes that I just adore, that frame my light brown eyes. My eyes are my best feature I think. My hair is just below my shoulders, not to long, and not to short, and easy to maintain. I'm about 5'5, with a nice body I must say. I have decent size breasts, and my hips aren't to big. I'm very average I think. "Good morning Kim, what time did you show up around?" Stacey yawns as she walks past me in a towel, to get into her walk in shower. "About 6:30 I showed up." At that moment she threw her towel onto the floor, turned the shower on, and poked her head out to say, "Ok, that isn't as early as some mornings. Kim go get some food, my parents had to leave for work early this morning. Go have what you like. Oh, we also have your favourite bagels. Mum picked them up yesterday, and your favourite cream cheese," and with that she got on with her morning routine. Mrs. Pearson is always making sure that they have my favourite food in the house. I am there 90% of the time anways. I make my pretzel bagel with my herb and garlic cream cheese and wait for Stacey to come and make her breakfast. I'm looking at my bestfriend as she is walking into the kitchen. I couldn't help stare at her. She is only 5'2, and is this fiesty little thing. Growing up many people would pick on her because of her height, but that stopped once she punched out the second boy who made fun of her. She has has light brown hair, that in sun it almost looks dirty blonde, and green eyes. I must admit that she has an amazing body. Stacey works out atleast four times a week, and she has pretty big breasts, which she hates. Says they hurt her back, and she has tan skin, not as dark as mine, but still tan. Stacey is half Native. Her mother is full Native and her father was born and raised in Scotland. He came here for work, he is a doctor, and her mother is a nurse, and they met at the hospital they were working at, and here they are 25 years later, and still together. Stacey has an older sister who is out of the house and has two children of her own. My favourite thing about her, is that when she gets really, really mad, she will speak in Scottish Gaelic. As we finish getting ready for school, I wonder if my crush is going to be there at all today. He has missed alot of school lately and I am just starting to worry about him. "You think Jared is going to be at school today Kim?" Stacey asks me. It's like she can read my mind. I just strug and say, " I don't know Stace, why got a crush on him?" She just gives me a look. "You my dear bestfriend, know for a fact I do not have a crush on him. You know who I have a crush on and he hasn't been missing any days of school. I get to watch him in history class as much as I want too." I give a quick snort. "That isn't creepy at all is it Stacey?" I got a light punch in the shoulder for that. "Oh come on Kim, like you don't do the exact same thing to Jared everytime you see him." I laugh and don't say a word. We walk and talk as we make our way to school. Once again, the sun is covered up by clouds, and it looks like it is going to rain again. It rains far to much for my liking around here. Speaking of rain, it is starting to drizzle as we are almost to the front doors. We make it just in time, I hear a big BOOM, and it just starts pouring rain. Some of the students didn't make it, and they come in just drenched from head to toe. One girls' makeup is just running down her face. I really would of thought that all the girls in this school who wear makeup would wear waterproof, but I guess not. We get to our lockers and I say something to Stacey, but she isn't even paying any attention to me. She is just starting at Embry Call. Once she is in the 'Embry Zone' I like to call it, there is no chance of getting her out of it, not until he is around the corner and out of her eye sight. He is flirting with Gracie Redcrow. I can see in Stacey's eyes that she wants to cry, but she never does. Embry Call is the biggest flirt in school, but he never once has ever flirted with Stacey. Heck he has even flirted with me, but I have no interest in him at all. Stacey didn't talk to me for three days after that, but she soon came around and realized that I had no interest in him, and that he was flirting with me, not the other way around. The bell rings and Stacey just sighs, and I give her a quick hug, and we run off to our first classes of the day. I have art, and Stacey has auto. We text eachother throughout our morning classes, and I just ignore the texts from my mother. I delete them everytime she sends me one. She will get bored of texting me, and/or fall asleep. Lunch time comes around and we stand in line to get our favourite food of the week. Everyday the school does specials, and Fridays are cheese stuffed burgers, or as everyone knows, 'Juicy Lucy.' They are literally to die for. I look forward to this every Friday. Even more delicious when you put bacon on it. I know, it is a heart attack waiting to happen, but it is just so good. We go and sit at our normal table, in the very back of the cafe, and just start talking about random stuff. Then the topic gets around to boys like it usually does. "Stacey you have to realize that he is just a big flirt. He flirts with anything that moves." "I get that Kim, but he has never once flirted with me. Am I ugly or something? Am I too short for his liking? Not enough Native for him? I'm the only half Native in this whole school." I just sighed at this, because honestly I had no idea what to say. "Who needs him anyways. If I'm not good enough for him, I think I will just go and find someone else." I was going to say something else but she said, "Mike Newton is always checking me whenever I go into Forks. Embry Call can kiss my ass," and with that Stacey got up and threw her garbage away. I don't think she realized how loudly she said that. I watched Embry, watch Stacey, as she walked out the doors, probably to go to the bathroom, then her locker. He had an almost pained look in his eyes. His friend Quil, said something to him, he replied, but he never once took his eyes off the door. Even if I told Stacey any of this, she probably wouldn't believe me. I get up from the table, just before the bell rings, and go to my locker to get my books for history, and walk into class and sat down in my seat. Stacey came in not to long after I sat down. She sat in the seat next to me. She looked like she went outside, and got caught in alittle bit of rain. There was no