A/N: This is a Dramione Fic, if you couldn't already tell from the filters, I am going to be putting it as an M for strong language and other such things later on in the story. Obvs this is AU 'cause Dramione don't happen in the book (sad face) and also a wincey bit Ooc just letting you all know Disclaimer: Anything related to the Harry Potter universe is obvs J.K. Rowling's but if you haven't heard of anything before its mine OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo Chapter One: Mornings Hermione woke up with a start, after having a horrible nightmare about missing the Hogwarts Express and having to get to Hogwarts by broomstick. Not her favourite means of transport. After breathing heavily to calm herself, she quickly went back to being in a panic when she saw her alarm clock on her bedside table. "Shit! Fuck, I really might be late," Hermione squeaked as she jumped out of bed whilst her Mum opened the door. "Really Dear I don't know where you learned that sort of language, I thought they taught you magic at school not how to swear," Mrs Granger giggled as she knew fine well that her daughter probably learnt it off of herself and her dad, by accident obviously. "Why didn't you wake me, Mum? I am going to be late and I'll have to get there by broomstick," an exasperated Hermione said, who didn't notice her mother's expression of confusion as she ran past her to get to the shower. Over the years, half past eight in the morning would be a normal time for Hermione to get up and be ready in time to leave for the hour journey that is to Kings Cross Station. However, over the past couple of weeks she had developed a sort of pleasure out of making herself look nicer, not that she cared what people thought about her, she did it for her and she liked the way it looked. As Hermione got out of the shower she was beginning to make herself up for the day. She only wore a light amount of makeup, nothing in comparison to Lavender and Parvati, but a small winged eyeliner and mascara could go a long way into going from looking like an Inferius to more awake and healthy looking. It was mostly her hair that she dealt with, in eighteen days she could do it by magic, but until then she would have to do it the old fashioned way. Ginny had given her some sleek easy hair products for Christmas and they were working wonders on her normally frizzy hair. Once was a head that seemed to have frizz coming at you from all sides, and now light curls hang in a way that just seemed to effortlessly bounce as she walked. This took up most of the precious time Hermione had as she had to get changed and pack last minute items in her trunk. She had just got downstairs with Crookshanks growling in his carrier box and her trunk when her Dad said, "Come on 'Mione, we are going to be late at this rate I mean its quarter to ten now." The three of them just managed to get to Kings Cross Station with ten minutes to spare, she hugged and kissed her parents goodbye as she ran through the gate onto Platform Nine and Three-Quarters. She managed to get onto the train and as she sat down in an empty compartment the whistle blew indicating that it was time to leave. She breathed out, not realising that she was holding her breath, and pulled out one of her books from her satchel. About ten minutes had passed and she was wondering where Harry, Ron and Ginny were when she heard the compartment door open. She looked up with a beaming smile on her face only to have it transform into a scowl milliseconds later. Draco Malfoy was standing in the doorway with that sly smirk on his face, Crabbe and Goyle behind him, looking like trollish bodyguards. "What do you want, Malfoy? Come to make snide remarks about me?" she spat before Malfoy could open his mouth. "Well Granger, if you didn't interrupt me I was going to ask where you little pets are, Potty and Weaselbee, but it seems they are not with you at all, have they finally had since and ditched you? Never thought I'd see the day, I mean even Weasley has to have some standards to ditch a Mudblood," Malfoy said, never breaking eye contact with Hermione, she knew he was trying to get under her skin. And she wasn't having it. She was about to respond with some snide little comment about Malfoy and his family when Malfoy spoke again, "Merlin Granger who are you trying to impress? Don't see the point no one would be caught dead shagging a Mudblood" he laughed. Hermione didn't know what to say, she could normally deal with Malfoys comments about her being ugly or being a Mudblood or whichever insult he seemed necessary, but that one genuinely hurt. She had her mouth agape and could feel a prick in her eyes, she wasn't going to cry, and not in front of Malfoy she couldn't let him see how much it bothered her. She swore his smirk faltered for a second, until he spoke again. "Close your mouth before people start to think you want to suck them off, personally I would love to shut you up with my cock but I don't want your filthy mouth around it" Hermione's hurt suddenly turned into disgust, she would never have though such filth would come out of a person's mouth, but then again Malfoy wasn't a decent person. Just before Hermione could say anything though, all of her prayers had been answered. "How fucking dare you, you little ferret!" it was Ginny, the anger radiating off her was terrifying. The next thing Hermione knew was that Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle were being chased by their own bogies, the bat bogey hex was a talent of the youngest Weasley. "Hermione are you ok?" Harry asked as he stood out from behind Ginny, "He didn't hurt you did he?" Harry was probably the closest thing Hermione had to a brother, and she loved the way he would always protect her like one too. "Yeah im ok, Harry", she smiled, "don't just stand in the doorway come in I've been waiting here for ages for you three". The three all came in and sat down in their normal seats, Ginny across from Hermione, Ron sitting next to Ginny and Harry sitting next to herself. Hermione could still tell that Ginny was angry as she sat down as she still had her wand gripped tightly in her hand. Hermione reached over and touched her arm, Ginny flinched at the touch and looked up at her. Just as Harry was like a brother, Ginny was like a sister, and they could pretty much have a conversation just through facial expressions. "We can talk about it later, just calm down for now" Hermione looked, Ginny's expression flared, "How dare he!" "I know, but this isn't the time" "You're right but still, Merlin im fuming!" "Of course I'm right it's me" That's when Ginny snorted out loud, Hermione could always cheer Ginny up somehow. "You ok Gin?" Harry asked, both him and Ron looking very confused at the two giggling girls. "Yeah I'm fine now" she responded still laughing. "So how come it took you forever and a day to get here anyway?" Hermione asked looking at the three of them. "Oh yeah, sorry about that for a while we thought you were going to find us and when you obviously didn't we came looking, ran into a few of Fred and George's prank products though, stupid second years, and then next thing we know Malfoy is at the door and yeah …" Ron trailed off as Ginny flared her nostrils again, Hermione gave her a look as if to say "drop it" and Ginny huffed with her arms crossed. "Do you ever think that these two have their own secret language sometimes?" Harry asked Ron, "most defiantly" he Ron replied as both girls were smiling at each other. The conversation was stopped about forty-five minutes later when the food trolley came to their compartment and the old lady asked "anything off the trolley dears?" the group smiled and dove into their pockets to get some money out. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo Draco awoke on the first of September at six o'clock in the morning and sighed a sigh of relief. His summer holiday had been less than enjoyable, he hated his home and everything to do with his family. He was more than happy to go back to school, he wouldn't admit it but it was honestly his favourite place in the world. Draco got out of bed and dragged himself to the full length mirror that was on the other side of his room. Every year on the first of September Draco would examine himself to see how much he changed from the year previous. He had grown again, less so than the year before, but now was about 6ft, the extra Quidditch training had defined his muscles quite a lot, Draco flexed and laughed at himself. His hair was different this year, instead of neatly slicked back he had more of a tousled look, or what he thought to be 'just recently fucked', he looked up and down himself again and nodded. If there was one thing he could thank his parents for, it was naturally good looks, he swore someone was a veela down the line. Draco started to do his morning routine of exercise, he was Quidditch captain this year for Slytherin so he had to be in his best shape if he wanted to win the Quidditch cup this year. After about an hour Draco went for a shower and as he was in there he thought about how to make this school year a good one, he knew he was a bully at school and made a mental note to change that, he mostly thought that people were afraid of him because of his father and for a while that made Draco happy. Until he realised that he father was a massive dick. Sometimes he just wished that he could do what his Aunt Andromeda did and just separate himself from the family, he didn't care about being cut off from the Malfoy funds and inheritance. He just wanted a normal life and to start over in a sense, he was even considering apologising to Potter. Draco didn't really understand when these thoughts came to him, he assumed that he never really agreed with his parents views in the first place but it might be too late to turn back now. As he got out of the shower he was adamant to make a difference this year, whether it be to do better in academics, he knew he was in the top 10 of his year, or to do better in Quidditch or even just be a nicer person in general. He stood in front of the mirror again as he began to shave his face, he had to wait months before he could have done it by magic so he used a cutthroat blade as it seemed to give his a better finish. The rest of the morning seemed to drag, as Draco packed up his trunk and got changed into muggle clothes, or what his father would allow him to dress as. He went downstairs to breakfast to be greeted with house elves who were running around setting the table for the three of them. Breakfast was less than pleasant as there was silence throughout the entire time. His mother, who he did actually care for, did try a couple of times to spark a conversation, but he and