Chapter One: Trespassing The creature had evaded them for several days now. How a single Chimera could be so fast, Thalia did not know. But she had been tasked by Artemis to take four others and hunt down this creature, while the rest combed for anything else that might be lurking about. And so group had been trekking through these woods for about three days, wondering if they would ever come across the foul thing. They had seen the traces of it everywhere. Tracks, trails in the woods made by a passing monsters, and of course, the remains of it's human prey. Thalia had a strong stomach, but some of the remains were truly sickening, especially when it was of an innocent child. Phoebe was ahead of them, looking at the ground, scanning for any sign of the beast. She was the hunters best tracker, and she could find a squirrel in a forest thicker than the Amazon. Right now she was stopped and crouched over something in the dirt. Thalia walked over and looked over her shoulder. "Find anything?" she asked. Phoebe nodded. "It came through here all right. These tracks may not be deep, but their fresh. It apparently went toward the south. I think it might be aware that we're after it." South...if it kept going further and further south then they would not be able to follow it any further...not that they couldn't physically do so, but if they didn't want any trouble, they would not follow it any further in that direction. They were already dangerously close to the border. The rest of the hunters arrived behind them, and one of the asked what they should do. "Let's keep following it. With any luck at all, we can get it before it crosses the line." "Alright..." The sprinted after Phoebe, who continued to lead the way, following the trail that only she could really see. The night was dark and cold, but they felt nothing of it. Their coats kept them quite safe from the winter bite. Their bows were in their hands, and they prepared themselves to draw arrows at a moment's notice. They were running for gods knew how long, their breathe never drawing short through their whole endeavor. The woods were flowing like magic by them as they ran, and no mortal could ever hope to keep up with them. In fact, there were very few things that could keep up with Huntresses, let alone beat them in a test of speed. But she preferred not to think of them at the moment. The trail led them further and further south. Thalia felt her worries increase with every step that she and her sisters now took. They were dangerously close to the line, and Thalia was even starting to wonder if they had already gone past it. But she could not focus on that now, for a roar echoed in the distance. "Was that it?" she asked Phoebe. "Yes, that would be our quarry." "Alright then..." The group slowed to a jog, in order to to move more stealthily when in the monsters vicinity. But Thalia was not thinking about sneaking up on the monsters. She felt something was off about there they were, something that would eventually lead to a lot of trouble, for the hunt and Artemis. "Girls, stop for a sec," she called. The group obeyed. Phoebe looked back at her in annoyance. "We're right on top of it! If we stop now, then it'll get away!" "I know that, but do you not realize something? We've been going south this whole time. You know what controls the southern states?" The hunters all looked at her for a moment, before growling in anger. They had tracked this thing for days, and now it had most likely slipped into the others territory. The hunters could not believe that they had actually lost it. "Let's go back. Artemis will understand." "But lieutenant!" Phoebe shouted after her. Thalia turned to regard her. "Phoebe, you did very good tracking, but you know we can't stay here. I think they might somehow know we're here. We need to get back now while there is still time." "But Thalia, we've tracked this thing all over for days! It's our prey, not theirs!" "I'm sorry girls, but we can't risk it. If they catch us on their land again, then there is going to be trouble. Artemis has worked so hard for peace between us. Can you justify risking that? With a simple border violation?" Phoebe bit her lip and though for a moment. "No...but the creature is very close. Surely we can take it down and then be off before they find out we were here." She did have a point. Thalia could not argue with the fact that this group had exerted itself greatly to get this monster. And now that it had crossed over a line in the sand just to escape them was heartrending. Thalia weighed the pros and cons for a moment. If they kept going on and hunted the beast down, there was a risk that their trespassing would be discovered. But they had pursued this creature too far to be forced back now, Phoebe was right about that. But if they went back, then there would be no chance of them being discovered. What was life without some risks though? Thalia grinned as her decision was made. "Alright, we'll go get it. But we need to make this quick though." The sisters whooped and ran forward, Thalia trailing behind them, allowing the all to follow Phoebe as she blazed the trail. Despite the thrill that comes with breaking the rules, Thalia could not shake off the feeling that she might have made the wrong call by doing this. But she couldn't deny her sister the joy of the hunt, and of the kill. They moved closer and closer to the roaring in the distance. They came across more tracks and what seemed like blood. Thalia did not know what could have attacked it, but she knew that if the Chimera was wounded, then it would be easier to take down. Why she did not think about what else around here could harm a chimera was beyond her. The sounds were louder and louder, and Thalia signaled for them to spread out, and assume a kind of semi-circular formation. They did so and each of them drew and arrow, readying it upon their bow to fire at a moment's notice. The sounds came closer and closer, until they found the beast. It was wounded, that was certain. There were gashes cut into it's hide, and they were leaking monster blood. Thalia swore she saw an arrow in it's hide. The huntresses crouched down, and observed the beast. The chimera was a nasty piece of mythological work. One would think that it was something a demented child would have drawn from a nightmare, except it looked worse than any nightmare. It was a large creature, with the body of a powerful and large lion. It's head was that of a lion, snarling and gnashing it's teeth, as if anticipating the meat of it's next victim. Drool oozed out of it's foul mouth, and it looked as though it had recently enjoyed a meal, as it's teeth were streaked with blood. Two wings sprouted from it's back, and between them was the head of a donkey, or a disgusting parody of which, and as the lion snarled and roared, the donkey head was was making it's donkey-like calls, almost in sync with the roaring of the lion head. And to complete such a creature of nightmares, it's tail was a snake, which hissed and flicked it's tongue out. It looked vicious, and Thalia had not doubt that ti would deliver a venomous bite if necessary. But there was something strange about it, and Thalia took a moment to see what was bothering the creature so much, as it apparently did not care about it's appearance. It was scratching at parts of it's body, almost as if it had an itch here and there. But when she saw the arrow stuck in it just a little ways behind the donkey head, and several gashes in it's hide that it was poking at, Thalia knew that something was up. And she immediately realized what was up a second later. "Phoebe," she whispered loudly. Phoebe walked over to Thalia in a crouch, keeping hidden in the brush. "You see what's bothering that thing?" "Yeah. It ran into them." "Which means that they're close. We need to make this quick. When I give the word, everybody fire at once, alright?" Phoebe nodded and moved back to her firing position. The best way to do this would be to take the creature by surprise, putting five arrows into it at once. If that was not enough to take it down, then it would be shocked enough for Thalia or one of the others to drive a blade through it's Lion head, which would most likely be the end of it. They would have to be careful with it's tail though. That thing looked deadly. Thalia slowly maneuvered herself into a prime firing position, and readied her bow. Around her, the others did the same. Thalia waited until the creature went to lick at one of it's gashed before giving the word. "Now!" Instantly five arrows shot through the air. The chimera reacted to the sound of her voice but it could do nothing to stop the arrows. They all pierced int it, and the creature let out a fresh roar of pain. It arched it's back and bucked for a moment, as the pain seemed to be causing it to spasm. It threw it's head back and howled it's pain out to the heavens. It did not die from the initial arrows, though now was the golden chance. "Cover me!" Thalia screamed as she threw down her bow and charged, her sword already in her hand. She would make a move to slash off the head of the lion head, and that would undoubtedly bring down the foul thing. Her sister ran behind her, their own swords drawn, and prepared to help if the creature managed to recover. Which was exactly what it did. Thalia had almost raised her blade for the fatal strike when it suddenly stopped it's pain induced spasms and lunged forward, knocking her flat on her back, with the creature hovering over her. Thalia gagged at the breathe of the thing, and her sisters cried out in shock. Thalia held her sword in a diagonal way across her face, trying to ward off the bite of the lion head. Phoebe had ended up behind the creature when it lunged froward, and then jumped to her lieutenants aid. She ran at the creatures backside and drove her blade into it. This forced the creature to arch back and roar, and Thalia took the time that that gave her to jam her blade into it's throat. The creature let out a gurgling cry, and began to shake in it's death throes. But Phoebe's success was short lived, as the snake head lashed out at her and sank it's teeth into her shoulder. She cried out as she fell onto her own back. The creature rolled off of Thalia and twitched several time, before slowly turning to gold dust. Thalia and the rest were not concerned with the success, as they all ran immediately to Phoebe's side. Thalia knelt down to her. "Do we have any ambrosia or nectar!" she asked. One of the hunters knelt down and placed a canteen of nectar to Phoebe's mouth, spilling quite bit, as she was starting to slightly convulse. "Drink Phoebe, drink!" Thalia commanded. And in that moment, an arrow shot through the air toward them, and hit the ground just inches from Phoebe's head. The hunters who were