Please read Behind the Mask first if you haven't already, this is a major spoiler to the first story. Obviously, since it is a sequel… Again, I don't own anything. The train whistled past the edge in to District 12. The woods were a familiar view; their border around my home was forbidden to enter. The fences were torn down and we were allowed to explore, but I never have. Houses were dotted here and there as people moved on with their lives. Ever since the rebellion ended, District 12 began to prosper; growing larger each day. No longer were we Panem's joke. People flocked to District 12; my dad said it was because of me, because I was some savior or something. Part of me missed how District 12 used to be. Even though living was easier, there was to many people. They all wanted to meet the man that defeated the Capitol. If it was true, then why did I feel like I betrayed everyone? I wasn't a savior, I was on the wrong side yet still I was praised for my accomplishments. My dad told me that if it wasn't for me, the rebellion would have never ended. It aggravated me; I was there, that part I do remember. He didn't know what he was talking about. Even still, three years later, I still felt loyal to the Capitol leaving me even more lost than I already was. How can someone remain loyal to something that doesn't exist anymore? My thoughts twisted in my head. Even though three years had passed since I realized my memories weren't really my own, I still had trouble accepting them. The easiest to sort through was with my parents, but it was still difficult to sort them out. My head tells me I love my mom, that she actually cared about me. I quickly learned that wasn't the case. Being the savior of our country, you'd think she'd have at least come to love me more. I hated my dad at first for the same reason, like he was trying to win me over because of what I did. It took a year to finally accept that I liked my dad, but still my head tells me differently. Probably one of the hardest things to accept was the praise and recognition. I was stopped regularly, people congratulating me, thanking me. They'd tell me things are better for them. My dad told me I used to care, that I wasn't so cold hearted. I tried to be that person, but it was hard. That's not who I was anymore, I had that ripped away the moment Cato ran me through with his sword. That was the worst part. Cato. The question I couldn't stand from people. "Where's Cato? I was rooting for you two in the arena!" How could everyone see that I was in love with him when all my memories said the opposite? The torture I endured because of him. It wasn't from him, but still his fault. I wouldn't even have been there if it weren't for him. Yet still people pried, I wanted my own answers and I found them. I was on my way home from District 2, finally working up the courage to talk to him. I had no regrets. He helped me free myself, even if only for a moment, which is something no else was able to do. Actually, I did regret one thing. I wasn't able to say good bye to his face. I must have written that note a hundred times listening to his soft breath as he slept; knowing it like the back of my hand, but everything came out wrong. ' I'm sorry, Cato, but I had to leave. I don't want you to regret what happened, because I never will. It gave me the first happy memory of you that I know is true. I've realized that asking you to help me was selfish, it's something I need to figure out on my own. You know better than anyone, you can't build a house in one day. I'll need some more time to find myself. I can tell you still love me, and it hurts me to say that everything in my head won't let me say it back. It's the reason I had to leave, watching you care so much for me when I can't return the favor. Someday, I know I'll be able to come back. Come back to tell you, to be there for you like you have been for me.' My head pulled me one way, but my heart another. Out of everyone, I hated him the most. Part of me still does, but I learned to try and make new memories; the reason I forced myself to go. I didn't expect it to be so difficult. The touch of his lips still lingered on my own; making me glow, but feel like dirt at the same time. I slammed my fist into the table in front of me, my emotions conflicting and scaring several of the passengers. I heard their quiet murmurs, "Is that him?" "It can't be… But this is the train to District 12, it could be." Looking out the window to distract myself, I watched the endless forest fly by wishing I was home. Anywhere to be alone. I was tired of everyone's obsession with me. Why couldn't I just live a normal quiet life anymore? Let myself forget everyone that mattered in my life. "P-Peeta?" Slanting my eyes, I rolled my head to the side catching a little girl. Wait, not a little girl, she had to be at least 15. "What?" I asked coldly. "You probably don't know me, but I wanted to thank you." I grumbled, having heard the same thing from countless others. "I'm tired, kid. Do you mind?" "Sorry, but I'd never get another chance. You see, I was the girl reaped in District 2 that year. Clove volunteered on my behalf." "What's your point? People volunteered all the time in District 2." "But still, that could have been me. Clove saved my life that day, and then you and Cato saved me yet again." She had tears in her eyes, but all I could think of now was Clove and Cato. "Look, kid. I don't know what you want me to say. I'm glad you're happy that I suffered and was completely alone. That instant fear you had in you when you were reaped? Do you remember that?" She nodded, tears still her eyes. "Just be glad it lasted only a moment. I've got a life time of suffering." I felt bad at the comment, knowing that this wasn't who I used to be. "You were never alone; you always had Cato. You just won't let yourself remember. You helped Cato break free, let him help you." My attention returned to the window, the platform to 12 now in view. I was almost home and didn't want to talk to this girl anymore. She spoke of Clove and Cato so highly. The Clove I remembered was careless, nothing but a mere tag along. As for Cato… Everyone tells me I helped him become who he is now, I even watched it in the hospital when they tried to jog my memory. Why can't I remember it then? How is he supposed to help me when I can't even remember helping him? This is something I have to do on my own. "Try to remember, Peeta. You deserve happiness more than the rest of us." The girl returned to her seat and the train started to slow down. Maybe she was right. I tried to remember, but I never really let myself; always pulling back because it was to painful. Maybe part of me was still buried deep waiting to spring free. It had to be true, otherwise the rebellion would have ended differently. I could have killed him, but I didn't. I endured torture for him at the hands of the Capitol, set rebels free. Why would I go against everything my head told me? Maybe I really did need Cato. He's been there once before. The train stopped at the platform and everyone on the train gathered their belongings, ready to stretch their legs from the long ride. No, I couldn't let Cato back in, at least not yet. I couldn't trust him. I wanted to, but I couldn't. My head started to pound, my memories crossing and igniting in my head. "What the fuck am I supposed to do!?" I crumbled in my chair feeling my body go limp as memories flooded my head. New and old. Cato holding me in his arms, no that's not what happened, he was holding me down. That night a few days ago with Cato, that was real, I know it was. That wasn't him, it couldn't be. He stabbed me… No, it was dark, I was trying to protect him and stabbed myself. He could have let me fall when the ice cracked, but he didn't. He was using me at that point. Clove was there, but how could she be? She was already dead. Right, that happened to me, too. I'm supposed to be dead. Clove wasn't the same, that's the same thing that's wrong with me. I'm not the same. What is wrong with me… "Peeta?" What was that? Who's there? Where am I? "Peeta, are you alright?" Why is everything so dark? My head feels like a sack of flour, heavy and dead. I couldn't be dead, my head hurt too much. "Peeta, what happened?" I tried opening my eyes, the light too bright. What happened? I don't know, shouldn't I be asking you that? Your voice is familiar, who are you? "Come on, Peeta. Look at me, what's going on?" "Cato?" I asked, my eyes focusing, trying to see the blonde boy. "No, Peeta. I'm not Cato." Not Cato? I shut my eyes again, the light piercing through my head painfully. "I heard him shouting. I ran back here and he was just sitting there like that." "Come on, son. You have to wake up, tell me what happened." Son? Dad? I tried to open my eyes again despite the pounding in my head. My focus was off, still seeing Cato. I couldn't trust my head, now I can't trust my eyes. "Where am I?" I somehow managed to say something. "You're on the train. Some of the passengers said you blacked out." "Make way, coming through." A female voice broke through. There must have been a crowd. Not really a surprise. It's not every day the Peeta Mellark blacks out on a train. "What do you think could have happened?" "Let me work. Peeta, can you tell me who I am?" I tried to make her out, but all I saw was Clove. Or was it Katniss? I tried to shake my head, but only managed to close my eyes. "Mr. Mellark, can you tell me more about what happened to him? I only heard what they wanted us to know." Whose voice was that? "He's had memory problems. Convinced he remembers things that never happened and denies things that have." "Hmm. Was hoping they might have left something out so I could help. Peeta? Can you open your eyes again for me?" Opening them this time was easier, I felt my body starting to recover and my vision focus. Katniss' mom, the conductor, and my dad were standing around me, a crowd by the door. "My head still hurts, but I'm feeling better." I mumbled trying to push Katniss' mom's hand away from me. I've been stuck in a hospital for to long and didn't want anyone analyzing me anymore. Why was she helping me anyway? It was partially because of me that her daughter was dead. It was just the three of us left that night. "Peeta, people don't