It's Only Love By Marvolo666 I do not own Harry Potter. I don't own any of the Character's, Places or Things from The Harry Potter World. I make NO Money or Profit of Any Kind. The same goes for any unoriginal lyrics or poetry. Not yet beta read Harry returned to Slughorn's dreadful party in a state of satisfaction he care not to admit to himself. He may have discovered shocking and disturbing information regarding Snape and Malfoy (and if you haven't read the half blood prince get your mind out of the gutter) but he also was right, and that felt good. "Hello Harry," A voice hummed from beside him. Harry turned his head and saw a smiling Luna. "It seems you were right about Draco." Harry gaped. "How did you..." "I followed you." Luna admitted without a shred of guilt. "I had thought you had left me." Harry starred at Luna as he felt his stomach plummet not having realized he had effectively ditched her at the party. "Luna I swear I would never do that. I just saw Mal..." "I know, as I said I followed you." Luna giggled softly. Harry had never heard Luna giggle before but he rather liked the sound. "Oh...well what I meant was, you're my friend Luna, and I would never ditch you." Harry insisted, "Not even if Ginny walked up to you and whispered in your ear that she wanted to hump you." Luna sang causing Harry to do a spit take despite not drinking anything. "How did you...I mean No...I mean...No...I...I would never cheat on you." Harry said getting confused and flustered. "Good to know but you can't cheat on your friends...well I guess you can, just not by mating." Luna smiled her eyes glazed as she looked at Slughorn's wobbling gut as he danced with the Vampire. Harry blushed as he realized what he had implied. "I ...I meant...it...would be...RUDE!" Harry accidentally shouted the last part causing Luna to look at him with interest. Harry continued at normal volume. "I'm with you right now as your friend Luna, and I take that very seriously. I don't have many friends and I don't take them for granted. I would never abandon one. Especially after you followed me into the Department of Mysteries." "Ginny followed you too." Luna reminded him. "As did all of your other friends. They've known you longer. We are hardly friends, though you are the best friend I ever had." Harry shook his head as Luna said this in her dreamy, unfocused way. She didn't seem upset about it but Harry was. He was about to reply when he saw Slughorn approaching them again, his gut swaying as the inebriated professor stumbled towards them. Harry quickly grabbed Luna's arm and pulled her towards the exit. Managed to wave by the Slughorn as the two fled the party, though Luna seemed unaware. "That was a fun party." Luna sung with her light Irish accent. Harry paused and grabbed Luna by the shoulders so she was facing him. "Luna I'm happy that you consider me one of your best friends but you're one of mine as well Luna. I may not have known you as long as the others. Luna you mean the world to me, you are one of the nicest people I've ever met and you helped me more last year then all my friends put together, not to mention the adults in my life, including S...My godfather. I value my friends Luna, now more than ever and I don't throw them away lightly." Luna's eyes were wider than normal as Harry said this. Harry was surprised himself of his outburst but had to admit he meant every word of it. Luna whispered in her soft high voice that seemed to sake, "You really mean that Harry." Harry nodded as he stared into her shining silver eyes. "If it weren't for you I, I'm not sure I would have made it through that year. When I first met you I didn't know what to make of you. I thought you were as loony as everyone said you were, but they are all wrong, I was wrong. You are smart and brilliant. You don't deserve to be treated the way you are. You deserve thousands of friends, but you do have me and I know that my friends are your friends, especially all of who went into the D.O.P together." Luna was looking at Harry like he just told her that the Quibbler was the best thing he'd ever read. Her eyes were bright and held a look of astonishment. She seemed to shake as she uttered. "Thank you Harry. That is the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me." Harry rubbed the back of his head as he looked at her sheepishly, feeling his checks turn red. "Well it's true Luna." Luna's face seemed to glow as a small smile touched her slips. Then she slowly walked through Harry's arms and wrapped her own around Harry, hugging him with all the emotions that she felt. Harry was somewhat surprised by Luna's awkward hug, yet he hugged her back and somehow the embrace didn't feel so awkward anymore. Harry felt a warm feeling flow through him as he held the small, delicate women in his arms. Harry could help but notice how small she really was and was scared that if he hugged her too hard she would break. Harry found himself feeling very protective of the young blond. It was this thought that caused Harry to have an epiphany. He fancied Luna Lovegood. Thoughts of embarrassment and Ron's mocking reaction to fancying Loony Lovegood flashed through his eyes, but as Luna pulled away from his hug and beamed at him, he found himself incapable of caring about such things. With their hand entangled in each over's the two young lovers slowly made their way to Ravenclaw tower. Luna was simply beaming with such enthusiasm she was showing her teeth. Luna could not remember the ever being this happy, even when her Mother was alive. She had always respected Harry, even before she met him Luna had heard of his heroics and witnessed it first hand during the Try Wizard Tournament. Meeting him last year showed her that he was a humble kind young man as well. He was the best teacher she ever had during DA, She was also the first person to treat her like she was normal, even if he didn't think so. Luna was many things but stupid was not one of them. She knew she was strange and different. If she wasn't so, people might take her ideas more seriously, but she liked who she was, and never bothered to look into her peculiar tendencies Luna shook her head and refocused her train of thought. As soon as she did she felt her skin shiver as she remembered the intensity of her feelings when Harry had returned her hug. Noticing her shiver, Harry slipped of his Robe and wrapped it around Luna. Harry could help but smile back as Luna closed her eyes and softly thanked him. She seemed to shudder as her own emotions shook her to the core. Luna opened her eyes with compassion and understanding, her mind calming her as she realized what she was feeling. "I love you Harry." Luna hummed as she continued the walk to her dormitory, not realizing right away that she had to pull Harry with her. Luna turned around and looked at Harry. "Are you OK? Nargles aren't bothering you are they?" Much to Harry's relief, his heart had resumed its beating, admittedly faster then he would have liked. Harry could hardly breathe and he could hardly move his stiff arms and wobbly legs. Luna was staring at him with slight concern of Nargles but that was it. Had she really just said what he thought she had. "L..Luna?" Harry stuttered his voice horse. "Did...Did you J...just say." "I love you?" Luna finished looking thoughtful. "I think so, it was what I meant to say but Nargles can scramble my words a bit...Harry?!" Luna seemed alarmed for the first time since Harry met her, but he had not noticed. He was too busy trying to stay on his feet as he nearly feinted. Luna helped him to the floor and sat down beside him. Harry's mind was all over the place. In his living memory no one had ever told him they loved him. It was something he secretly had always wanted to hear, but he never expected to hear it like...that. Harry struggled to speak and forced out. "Why would you say that?" Luna looked at him. "I said it because I meant it, why else would I say it? If you think it was Wrackspurt's, I am wearing charms to protect me from that." Harry felt himself grow frustrated, the fact he nearly feinted in Luna's arms not helping his mood. "Merlin Luna, you don't just say things like that." "Why not?" Luna replied confused and curious at the same time. "Just because..." Harry retorted "You just don't OK. " Luna giggled and to Harry's frustration his stomach did somersaults. "People say they love each over all time. Haven't you told someone you loved them...Harry." Harry looked away. "Just my parents, but they never... no one's ever...but Luna...You don't just say you love someone. We haven't even kissed yet or gone on a date...well as more then friends." "We've known each over for just shy of a year and four months. I know you Harry and I know that I love you." Luna smiled more tenderly then before. Harry nervously glanced at Luna and again looked away. He struggled to get the subject back into safer territory, "You mean you love me as a friend, do you fancy me, you mean you like...like me?" Luna's focused as she went into deep thought. "Yes I love you as a friend, I fancy you and I like...Like you...I think. I'm also in love you." Harry gulped as he croaked. "In Love with me? You can't just...You have to mean it, truly mean it with..." "I do Harry." Luna whispered as he chanced a look into her eyes and couldn't look away. They seemed so wise right now when minutes earlier they seemed so innocent. "You don't need to worry Harry. I know you don't love me, or fancy me, or like...like me though I'm not sure what that means. You've made me happier than I've ever been Harry, even when my Mother was alive. I just wanted you to know how much you meant to me. I never wanted to upset you." Harry looked at Luna. Her eyes seemed less bright now and there was a hint of longing in her voice. Harry immediately missed that bright smile on her face as he quickly spoke up. "You don't understand Luna. I do like you, I... Bloody hell, I fancy you for Merlin's sake." Luna looked her eyes brightening as she looked both hopeful and in shock. "Really? You Do?" Harry was blushing fiercely but pressed on, her smile depended on it. "Absolutely Luna, I think you're beautiful, wonderful and sexy...I didn't mean to say...not that I didn't mean..." Luna actually blushed at this. "Thank you Harry, I think you very sexy as well." Harry buried his face in his hands as he continued. "But Luna, you don't just say that you love someone Luna so bluntly. It's..." "I'm not scared," Luna said. "I mean I am scared but I've never let that stop me, I don't care much for fear so I ignore it. I may not be as in love you with you as a married couple but saying you fancy me either means you love me but are too scared to admit it and get hurt by that love or that you fancy me but not for who I am under my