Summary: Nary, raised by the Volturi but still connected to her past by half-forgotten memories, struggles to hide her growing fears about Aro. Demetri, watching the woman he loves retreat further and further into herself, is stalked by an unfamiliar sensation which feels suspiciously like doubt. Jake tries to be human again while he waits helplessly for word from his imprint. Jacob Black yawns into the spring morning, his breath swirling visibly through the crisp air. The sun is just beginning to rise, and by the time it is well and truly up, he hopes to have completed at least two laps around the rez. He'll head over to the Cullen mansion for breakfast and be back at Billy's—Dad's— his house in time for the mail delivery. It's been two weeks since his last letter from Nessie. She's bound to send another soon. An hour later, he is pulling up his shorts and striding up the path to the Cullens' front door. As always, it opens for him. "Saw you coming," says Alice. "Figured," says Jake. "Come on," says Alice, "Esme's got a spread for you. And maybe you could try having table manners for once?" "Belching is just another way of saying 'thank you'," says Jake. "Esme puts up a damn fine meal." "Why, thank you, Jacob," says Esme from behind Alice. Alice darts away and Jake allows himself to be hugged tightly by Esme. He doesn't much like being so dependent on the Cullens for...well, everything. But Esme assures him constantly that he does her as much good as she does him. Esme alone seems to understand how little Jake is suited for a normal, healthy life. For too long he was a werewolf with a dead imprint, accountable to no one, a stranger to happiness or ambition or even common kindness. She doesn't point out Jake's inhumanity to him, but she does sit with him while he eats the meals she prepares, and she talks about whatever it is he feels like talking about. When his hair needs cutting, she is ready with a pair of sharp scissors and careful hands. When his clothes wear out, she provides him with new ones. She gives him a hug to say hello, and she gives him a hug to say goodbye. Her skin may be as cold and as hard as ice, but her kindness is real. It isn't that he can't provide his own haircuts and clothes and food; he just needs to need someone. She tried to be there for him before, when he still believed Nessie dead, but he didn't want her mothering then. Well, he wants it now. "I made you a breakfast quiche of smoked venison and goose eggs," she says, following him into the lofty dining-room. "A leg of lamb dressed with mint and thyme, sweet-potatoes hashed with ham, and fresh-squeezed grapefruit juice. There's bacon and pancakes, too, if you feel like being traditional." "It looks perfect," says Jake, settling down to the quiche—which, incidentally, is the size of a deep-dish pizza. He'll eat all she prepared, and be back for a much bigger dinner later. "Thanks for...you know. Doing all this for me. And everything," he says. The words come out awkwardly, gratitude being a foreign language to him. But Esme squeezes his hand and smiles. "I'm glad to do it," she says. "I love cooking, and besides you there's no one to cook for around here." "Well," says Jake, "if not for you my dad would have gone broke months ago just trying to feed me. I wish there were some way for me to repay you..." But he can't. Not in money, anyway. Where in all the relentless exercising and rescue-mission planning is there room for a job? "Nonsense," says Esme. "You're family, Jacob. You don't need to repay family. And anyway, you found her, alive and well. If anyone, it is we who owe you ." "Yeah, well," grumbles Jake, "I sort of cocked that one up, didn't I?" It's not a question. "Jacob," says Esme gently, looking considerately away from his troubled eyes. "It is enough that you share Nary's letters with the family. It is of inestimable comfort to us. We understand about the command, truly we do. We will figure out a solution to this, and until that happens, every word she pens is our inspiration and our hope." She pauses, and then goes on. "Has there been...?" she asks delicately. "You know I'd tell you if there was," he says ruefully. "Maybe today. If I get a letter I'll bring it right over, okay?" "Thank you, Jacob." There is no letter that day. Jake runs off his frustration, both in human and in wolf form. No letter the next day, or the next, and Jake becomes irritable and snappish. And then finally there is a letter, and the moment Jake sees the familiar writing in the mailman's bag (he meets the mailman at the curb every morning, now), his heart grows three sizes. He shakes the mailman heartily by the hand and rips open the envelope, still standing there in the driveway. Dear Jacob , it reads. I've just been having a lovely time with Akashi. She has come to live in Volterra, to be my lady's maid. It feels peculiar to have a lady's maid, and even more peculiar for it to be her, since she is a thousand years older than me and was for a time my mentor and caretaker. But the politics of Volterra, though vast and highly ramified, can be boiled down into one potent fact: Aro's word is law. Of course, the other two ancients are as powerful as Aro, in their way, but he is indisputably the craftsman of this coven's hierarchical ties. Demetri is among the most revered of the Guard, and as his wife I am afforded great privilege. But it seems I am useful to Aro of my own accord, also: though Akashi is more beautiful, accomplished, ancient, wise and powerful, she has not the gifts that I have. I believe Aro wishes to mold me. But Jacob, I do not know into what I am to be molded. I would make a miserable member of the Guard, that I know. I have but a half-strength, and could not best a vampire in might or speed alone. I can only guess that Aro's intentions for me run to a more political bent. Demetri has suggested that Aro might someday use me to help persuade the less persuadable of the vampire world that they are better off with the Volturi. I have heard rumors that there are those who resist, for what reason I cannot imagine. It is such an honor to be noticed by the Three. Only the exceptionally skilled are invited into the coven. Most of the time I avoid thinking on my position here. I have always been a member of the Volturi—or, as long as I can remember, anyway. I did not need to be persuaded; I was raised in their ways and have known no other life. But I wonder what it might be like to be someone else. You called me Nessie. I think, Who is this Nessie? How does she live? Does she have a family? Who does she love? I do not know her. I am not her and never will be. But I don't believe I am Nereid anymore, either. So many things about her have become foreign to me. Nereid—raised as a princess, pampered and petted within an inch of her spoiled life. Nereid, adored and cherished from the start. Nereid, unquestioning and accepting. Nereid belongs to the Volturi, Jacob. Unlike every other Volturo, even the three ancients, she was never an ordinary human with an ordinary life. She is no mere convert to Volturi. She is Volturi incarnate. I am not Renesmee. I am not Nessie. I am not even Nereid. I am no one. Nought, nada, nothing. Nary. Confused and alone, daughter of two ciphers and ward of three ancients. And, apparently, imprint of one wolf. I miss you, Jacob. You haven't come to see me in my dreams for too long. Your Nary Jacob has to strain to keep his hands from curling into fists and punching a hole in something. Sometimes her letters are cheerful, simple accounts of her days. And sometimes they are this. Volturi incarnate , she calls herself. In all her letters, she has never once addressed the question that gnaws rat-like on his brain: She is Volturi through-and-through. Does that mean she's a murderer, like them? Does she play the same evil games? Jake is sure that she doesn't take pleasure in human suffering—she can't, she couldn't —but does she? He'll love her either way. He'd love her even if she murdered right in front of him. But things would be different. She would be an enemy, if she were truly like the Volturi. An enemy that he adored more with every passing breath, an enemy to be saved from herself. But an enemy nonetheless. The thought is preposterous. She isn't his enemy, because she isn't like the Volturi. He has read between the lines and knows that Nary fears Aro; and if she fears Aro, then there must be some reason, some vital way in which she does not fall in line. She could very well be in danger. How can he help her? What can he do to circumvent the order? Maybe Carlisle or Esme will have an idea. Jake pockets the letter, strips out of his shorts and ties them to his leg. He is on four paws in an instant, padding inland. "Darling, I wish you would eat something." Demetri reaches for his wife, but she huffs irritably and sidles away. "I have eaten," she says. "I had a ram three nights ago. Just because I'm not eating what you eat doesn't mean I'm not eating. Has Aro been talking to you about it?" "Aro?" Demetri pulls up in surprise. "No, Aro hasn't mentioned it. Why would he?" "Never mind," mutters Nary. "It doesn't matter." She perches primly at her writing desk and begins shuffling papers around. Demetri stands motionless and watches her in the mirror of her vanity. She is so lovely. Even annoyed, even angry she is lovely. He doesn't know specifically why she is angry right now, since her period isn't due for another 12.6 days, but she has been like this since Russia. Four months now. Roused easily to irritation, edgy and evasive. Snapping at him one minute, reaching for him fondly the next. She claims it is only the shock of finding out about her parents, not to mention her terror for Demetri. Well, that's reasonable. But Demetri is healed now, nothing but scars to show where that creature wounded him, and still she stews. What happened? When will it stop? Demetri dwells on his wife's behavior constantly, his mind going in circles. She's unhappy, maybe even depressed. There must be something he can do for her, but what— what? "Do you mind?" she asks without turning or even looking up from whatever it is she's writing. Demetri leaves the room on silent feet, his heart troubled. "Esme and Carlisle are hunting," says Rosalie coldly, letting Jake into the foyer. "Don't expect me to feed you." "I don't," says Jake. As if he would ever accept a bite Rosalie offered. She'd probably spit in it, or worse. "Yo, Jake-man!" booms Emmett, leaping over the banister to land heavily but quietly in the marble foyer. "You got a letter for us?" "Yeah," says Jake, holding out the sheet of paper. Emmett and Rosalie read it in seconds and look up. "It's...not good," says Jake. "When is it ever?" says Rosalie, her angelic face crumpled in unhappiness. "You have a question for me, skilled Demetri," says Aro, nodding to acknowledge Demetri's deep bow. "Yes, milord," says the tracker. "It is about