Full Summary: The Hunger Games: a place of killing and betrayal. What if something came out of all that hate and death? What if the looks Cato and Katniss exchanged during the movie meant more? Attraction and not hate? During her journey into falling for the ever-gentle Peeta, Katniss discovers someone who can be her equal. Strength meets...strength. Fire meets...fire. Oh Peeta...you better watch out. A/N: This story was previously called Fight with Fire and I hardly ever updated it. Part of the reason why is because so much of the story was just taken directly from the books. I had writers block. Just last night though, I watched the Hunger Games with my sister and inspiration hit me over the head again. Like Fight with Fire, this story will be a Katniss/Cato story. It may eventually become Cato/Katniss/Gale or it may not. I will find out as I continue to write. I hope my new readers will enjoy this new and improved version of Fight with Fire. And to my old readers, thank you for sticking with me for so long. I hope you will enjoy this story because it will have some of the same elements of the previous story. Once again, thank you for reading! Chapter One She breathes in and out. Coolness in the air making her breath visible in the early light. She takes a step forward, holding herself in a way so her weight isn't all on that one foot. She slides forward, seamlessly melting into the shadows, the thrill of the hunt coursing through her veins. Her dark grey eyes dart around, searching. Seeking. Then she freezes. There it is. A wild turkey wandering into the clearing, oblivious to the danger her bow and arrow present to it. A quick, satisfied grin curls at her lips before her serious face slips back on. Her eyes locking on the meal, she glides forward. After years of hunting, moving in a way that makes her seem like a ghost is second nature now. Her every step is silent as she moves forward. Moving carefully, she reaches back and pulls an arrow out of her worn brown quiver, not having to look as she notches it on the string of her bow. Slowly raising her bow, she prepares to shoot. Breathe in. Raising her bow, her fingers are steady. And breathe out. She pulls back the string with her right hand. Her fingers are taut on the bow now as the turkey waddles along. Breathe in. Her hand is steady by her chin. Her eyes are wide, excitement showing in the depths. Small billows of white escape from her mouth as she tries to steady her breathing. After barely anything to eat for days, this is a gift. Breathe out. She releases the arrow in time with her breath and it is a whisper in the air before finding its target...the heart. The turkey doesn't even have time to release a startled gobble before it is dead. Lowering her bow, she jogs lightly to the kill and places a soft hand upon the turkey's head. Bowing her head, her dark hair framing her face slips down to hide her face. This kill...it can save her family. Her sister. Little Prim. Her movements quick and steady, Katniss pulls a thin thread of rope from her pocket and tosses it over a low hanging branch. Tying the turkey up, Katniss slits the throat of the turkey so she can drain it of blood. She doesn't want it to spoil. As the crimson blood drips down, she plucks the feathers, wrapping them in cloth and sticking them in her coat. They can be washed and either flecked for arrows or sold in the Hob, the black market. The forest fills with the sound of chirping birds, subtle rustles of animals in the undergrowth and- Whirling around, Katniss has an arrow notched in seconds and the deadly tip pointed right at his throat. Gale laughs, the rich melodic sound relaxing Katniss instantly. "Come on, Catnip! I thought we were closer than that!" He teases, light grey eyes glinting at her. His dark hair, olive skin, gray eyes and strong features look like hers. They could pass as cousins. But neither of them are related. They just live in District Twelve. Home of Coal Miners and death. "Don't kid yourself, Hawthorne. I would kill you off in a heartbeat...if I was into cannibalism." Katniss teases back, her face still serious as she lowers her bow. Gale snickers, rolling his eyes and shaking his head playfully as he looks past her. "Nice kill, Catnip." Gale says, his eyes reflecting the truth in the statement. Katniss ducks her head in thanks, used to compliments like this from her friend. Gale and her met when she finally worked up the nerve to cross the fence that surrounds District Twelve. He calls her Catnip because once she introduced herself, he thought she said Catnip. The name only stuck when she began to bag some kills, a lynx followed her around, hoping for snacks. "Did you get anything?" Katniss asks, turning back to the turkey. "No. We still have some time to hunt though." Gale's voice lowers and Katniss knows why. Today is the Reaping. Two people from their District will become Tributes to fight in the Hunger Games. It is supposed to be an honor but everyone in District Twelve sees it for what it is. Merciless slaughter. Twenty four Tributes from the twelve districts will be sent to an Arena where they are expected to kill each other. Only one comes out alive. And that is depending on your definition of 'alive.' Haymitch Abernathy, the long ago District Twelve winner...well. He is always drunk and is not all together. The Hunger Games destroyed him. "Let's check our traps at the river first. I need to wash the blood off the feathers." Katniss says and Gale silently helps her lay a spiked net over the turkey before heading to the river. The forest is theirs. It has been a place to escape to, hunt at, yell in...the thought of leaving it terrifies the both of them. Especially since the two of them are the only care takers in their families. Gale has several siblings and his father died in a mine explosion. The same one that killed her father. After her father died, her mother just...left. Her body was there but her gaze was vacant and gone. Her blonde hair had grown matted and filthy and she had left Katniss and Prim on their own. Neither of them knew how to take care of themselves. And little Prim with her golden hair and sweet blue eyes...she was innocent and shouldn't have to. So Katniss took the role of mother, guardian and father all in one. Their mother is back but Katniss hasn't been able to bring herself to trust her mother again. She can't trust that she doesn't have to be the adult. And even if she could, the damage is done. Katniss was twelve when it all happened. She has grown far more mature than any child has a right to be. Reaching the river, Katniss pulls the feathers out and swirls them in the clear river, watching as the crimson blood is swept away, leaving the mottled brown feathers clean. Setting them to the side so they can dry, Katniss silently helps Gale check the traps. Two fish. One is fairly large but the other is so small they toss it back into the river. The sun shines down, golden and full of warmth but today it cannot reach into their souls. Gale sits down beside Katniss, his larger form warm beside her own. "I got some bread." Gale says, pulling it out and handing it to her. Katniss's eyes widen with shock and awe as she takes the still warm golden bread. It is the fresh and expensive kind. Breaking it in half, her eyes fall half shut as she takes in the scent of the warm bread. "This is amazing, Gale!" Katniss exclaims, handing him half and ravenously biting into the other piece. Gale laughs, biting into his own. "The baker sold it to me for one squirrel." Gale says and Katniss swallows, looking at him. "Everyone is feeling more generous today." He says and she nods, pulling something out of her coat. "Prim made us some cheese." Katniss says, smiling a little at the thought of her sister. She has no clue the way her whole being softens and glows at the mention of Primrose. Gale smiles, watching her. Katniss...she is incredible to him. They eat their bread and cheese, watching the sun get higher and higher in the sky. "Let's escape." Gale says impulsively and Katniss rolls her eyes, well used to this routine by now. "I can't leave Prim and you can't leave your family." Katniss replies, feeling a pulse of wistfulness at the thought of leaving. To be free of the Capitol and the Hunger Games...but then those kinds of things won't come true. Only get them killed. She shifts, looking away. They both know this speech by heart. There are even some days when Katniss agrees with him. The days when the Peacekeepers eye everyone with disgust. When Prim is crying from hunger. And that is when she wants to do it. Escape. But she can't. That's the worst part. Katniss knows they could do it...but she also knows their families can't. Mother is still weak, poor Prim is scared of the forest and Gale's family...well, they would never survive. Gale and her? They are survivors. But the others...they don't believe in themselves. Even if they did though, they still wouldn't have anywhere to go. The idea is doomed from the start. The conversation feels all wrong. Leave? How could she leave Prim, who is the only person in the world she is certain she loves? Katniss ignores the small whisper of love she feels for Gale. Gale is devoted to his family. They can't leave, so why bother talking about it? "We should get going." Gale breaks the silence and rises to his feet, holding out a hand for Katniss. She takes it, used to helping and being helped by Gale. After years of working against and apart from each other, they are now perfect at working together. The two of them make the perfect team. They head back into the forest, Gale scaring out a few birds for Katniss to shoot. As usual, one arrow through each eye. She pulls them out and wipes the blade on the grass before sticking them back into her quiver. Gale carries the birds until he spots two rabbits. Two daggers and they are more fresh kill. He is better with the blades than she is. They carry everything back and put them in two bags before slipping through the fence again. The travel to the Hob is always depressing. Homes are broken down, small children play in the mud. It is a depressing life for everyone in District Twelve but it is also normal. Gale and Katniss sell their kills, coming away with money for food, wool and candles. They split everything evenly, taking care of each other. As they leave, a small golden pin catches her eye. Katniss stops, picking it up. The small golden bird's head is bowed, holding onto a golden arrow in its beak. "It's a mockingjay." The older lady says, smiling fondly at the pin. Mockingjay's are mutts created by the Capitol to record conversations and repeat them back. Once the people found out, they started sending false messages. With no further use, the Capitol released them. They can no longer repeat human speech but they still mimic sounds. "How much?" Katniss asks, knowing Prim would like to have it. "You take it." She says. Katniss almost protests but the look in the ladies eyes makes her swallow her words and nod