Chapter 1 Do Not Fear Darkness, Welcome its Embrace Perseus Jackson Point of View For the first time In my life, I can feel the fear of death creeping into my veins replacing all the hope I have in this world. I was dying, I knew it, I am afraid, But I accept it, To save the lives of the many, My life is forfeit. Emotions were erupting from my soul, contradicting everything in the world, conflicting what is left of my mind. How the fates of the world are cruel, not to even give me peace in my final resting place. I can feel it, I can feel my blood begin to boil, Sorrow, Hate, Anger, but most of all Pity, I felt eternal sorrow, as if someone has their fist wrapped around my fading heart, Sorrow since I would die knowing that the world would not miss me, Sorrow since I would die knowing the people I love the most have turned their backs against me, Sorrow because I have failed, I have failed everyone who looked to me as a friend, who saw me as a hero, but most of all, sorrow because I wasn't enough for the only person In the world I would love. Hate, Its coursing through my veins, no matter how much I try to deny it, I can't. Athena was right as always when she told me that my fatal flaw would destroy me in the end. All this hate in my soul is directed towards only one. I treated him as a brother in everything but blood, He came into our lives after the war with the Titans, He came bearing a smile that would deceive even the darkest of monsters. He turned everyone against me with lies and betrayal. My very soul calls for his blood. Anger, The reason my blood boils even in my deathly state. I can feel the darkness engulf my soul as i drown in the pool of my own tears filled with what once been sorrow now turned into anger, I can feel it corrupting my mind, I try to fight it, I try to tell me that its all just misplaced, that I am not this vengeful person, but the fates being ever so cruel flash images into my head, memories that have torn the very fabric of my existence, memories that destroyed the pillars of my faith. I can see my father, Poseidon God of the Sea screaming at me, his eyes that were once sea green and full of life that I once had as well was filled with anger and hate directed towards me, His own son. "You insolent fool!, how dare you speak against the true hero of Olympus!" "But father!, I only say what is true!, I would never turn against you." "Lies!, I should have let the furies rip out your heart before you even reached Camp Half - Blood, You are a disgrace to the sea and all it holds!" I saw my self kneeling in front of my very own father with my eyes filled with tears that began to roll down my once carefree face that now sported a look of shock and sorrow, The image dispersed in a ripple of anguish to show me another. I saw Camp Half Blood, my home, where all my friends were, where I had met the love of my life, but what I saw I wanted to forget, I saw myself secluded from the rest avoiding the hateful glares the rest were giving me, stones were cast against me, words that pierced my very heart, "You honestly think that I loved you?" "What are you talking about wise girl? I love you, I thought you did too" "You really are a poor idiot you know that? Why would I love you when I can love him?" Annabeth, I saw Annabeth, My tie to the mortal world telling me that everything we had, everything I believed in, everything I held dear to my heart was nothing but a lie, I saw her rip my heart out, I wanted to scream but no words were coming out from my mouth, I begged the fates to change the image, I did not want to relive this. To my relief, the image changed but what I saw clenched my heart and I failed to fight the anger boiling in my veins as I drowned into eternal despair. I saw my mother Sally Jackson lying down in a hospital bed holding a new born in her hands, while my step father Paul Blofis was holding her hand. I watched the beautiful smile my mother had, but what I saw next drove me to the brink of insanity, I watched as the shadows around the room grow, I watched as the figure I had grown to hate grab my step father's neck from behind and drove a 4 foot celestial bronze blade through his skull as blood splattered on my mother's face as she screamed with all her heart out holding the new born baby trying to hide the baby. I saw the figure grab the baby from my mother's hands, I saw him drop the baby on the ground as he stomped on the baby's head, the crunch of bones echoed through the room. Tears were already coming out from my eyes, I saw the figure slash through my mothers arms as blood erupted from her limbs, I saw my mother scream in pain, I saw the sadistic smirk the figure had, I saw him slash her head clean off her shoulders as her head rolled of the floor, I was screaming, I was screaming for blood, I was screaming in rage, I wanted nothing more that to kill him, I wanted to kill him and then myself, I wanted nothing more that to vanish from existence, I wanted revenge, I wanted blood, I wanted to awake from this deathly state and kill them all, "Do not blame them" a voice said in my head. "Who are you?! show yourself!" I screamed. I had forgotten in my rage that I was dying, and the only thing I could see now was nothing, it was pitch black, so empty, devoid of anything, not even a single ounce of hope could be felt where I currently was. "Perseus" the voice said in a low solemn voice that showed he, she or whatever that was talking to me was sad. I broke down, I cried as hard as I could, I let all the sorrow leave my body, I let all the anger drown me, I had nothing left but pity for myself, I felt weak, I am weak. "How?! How can I not blame them?! They destroyed me!" I screamed, half hoping that whoever was listening heard me. What happened next shocked me to the very core, A woman who's beauty I could not describe, Aphrodite the Goddess of Love would be envious of her. She stood a frame of 5 foot 8 inches tall, her slender body showed grace and elegance with every step she took, her hands cupped my cheek as I continued to cry my heart out, she pulled me in to a warm embrace that I almost forgot what I was angry about, I forgot the reason for my sorrow and despair. She pulled away and looked me straight in my eyes, and I looked at hers, I was lost in awe, in wonder that her eyes held. I felt so much power coming from her eyes, I was lost in a trance, Her eyes were the most beautiful I had ever seen, It was pitch black, but when you looked closer you could see the stars in them, the bright lights of the universe, I saw hope, I saw love, I saw sadness but most of all I saw creation. "C-Chaos" I stuttered She simply smiled at me and I never felt so warm in my entire existence. The mere sight of her made everything, all my pain, all my anger, all my sorrow disappear. I was pulled out of my thoughts when she called my name again. "Perseus" Lady Chaos said. "Do not blame them, They are not at fault." "W-What do you mean? How can they not be at fault?" I asked. anger finally left my body, replaced with curiosity Lady Chaos smiled again, but this time it was sad, and I was overwhelmed with the sadness that her smile held that I began to cry not knowing why tears were running down my cheeks "Erebus, My son had caused this. He is drowned in anguish after his sister Gaea was defeated, He wanted revenge on the one who had managed to put her back into a sleep like state" "Erebus? The Primordial God of Darkness?" I asked Lady Chaos, since I was not sure. "Yes, my son had become vengeful after her defeat. He came to Camp Half Blood and manipulated everyone there to hate you He brought out the darkness in everyone's heart, in whatever form it was in, Jealousy, Anger, Sorrow, and used it to manipulate everyone's mind. and as powerful as the Gods and their Children are, Erebus merely manipulated the darkness in their hearts" As soon as Lady Chaos said that, I was filled with disgust, I was disgusted at myself, at how I thought that they would all betray me, I was disgusted that I allowed the anger in my heart to gain control, I was disgusted with myself. I thought about my last words before I was put in this deathly state. FLASHBACK Mount Olympus The Gods were all gathered around in the throne room, as I was kneeling in front of them with tears that filled my eyes, I looked around to see everyone at Camp Half Blood look at me with hate and disgust, I felt the anger rise up within me. My father Poseidon God of the Sea looked at me with anger in his eyes as were as black as the night All the Gods were confused on why I was being sentenced to death, Zeus the King of Gods looked at me with worry in his eyes not being able to comprehend why my own father sentenced me to death he could not do anything unless he risk wage war between the sky and the seas. Hades the Lord of the underworld was looking at my father with disgust, beside him was his son and the only friend I had left in Camp Half Blood who was looking at the camp with anger visible in his eyes. Here the Queen of the Gods looked at me with sadness and regret in her eyes, wondering what I had done to deserve a fate like this after saving the world against Kronos and Gaea. Ares the God of War looked at me with pity evident in his eyes, I suddenly felt riptide lighten within my pocked and I knew that he had lifted the curse he placed on me in our first meeting, I looked at him and gave me a small nod. Hermes the Messenger of the Gods was looking at me with sorrow in his eyes as he visibly shed a tear Apollo the God of the Sun, Who was normally care free and happy was downright distraught, sadness evident in the aura he had at the moment Athena The Goddess of Battle, Wisdom and Justice looked at me with regret evident in her eyes as she as mouthing the words "Sorry" Dionysus The God of Wine, for the first time in my life I was him not holding a magazine or with wine in his hands, He was looking at me with a pained expression in his eyes, We got along after the Battle of The Labyrinth after his son had died, we helped each other cope with the loses in the camp. Demeter The