Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, only my OCs and the story's plot. HI! This is my first fanfic. so I hope you guys like and enjoy it! PLzz, re-read this chapter, I have made some big changes, such as the names. Chapter One *-The Meaning Behind Dreams-* Running, always running, and the worst part is I don't know what's chasing me. Trees surround me and my ears pick up the sound of my bare feet hitting the muddy forest floor, my heavy, unsteady breathing and the sound of twelve pairs of paws and growling echoing in my ear lobes. I am dressed in white, dirt covered and ripped, dress that stops above my knees and my hair matted to my face, which is covered with small scratches and mud. As I run, dodging trees and stumbling over uprooted tree roots, I feel the fear in my gut climb up my throat and expanding to my aching, exhausted limbs, almost causing my exhaustion to win and for me to collapse, waiting to get mauled to death by the fierce animals tracking my sent and gaining on my trail. I push my legs faster than any human would ever be able to run, my heart almost pounding out of my rid cage. Warm drops of salty liquid sliding down my cheeks, and only now do I realize I have been crying the entire time. The scene was perfectly planned as it started to rain; thunder and lightening sliced the haunting silence. I started slipping on the wet and muddy ground, trying with all my might and the little energy I have left to not fall and lose my short unlived and unfulfilled life to these creatures of the night. My foot got caught in a tree branch and I fell to the ground, hitting my head full force on the forest floor, smearing the right side of my face with mud. My head started throbbing and a metallic stench mixed with the sent of the forest and the rain. A coppery colored substance dripped from a wide gash on my right temple, seeping down my cheek and down on the ruined white dress. My vision blurred and more tears streaked down my face, I cried out in pain as I tried to stand, but a deathly pain shot up my left leg and I fell back onto the cold, wet, muddy earth. I heard the thumping of the twelve pairs of foot falls reaching nearer and nearer, as I lay here helplessly waiting for my horrible death to take me away from this cruel world, silently hoping that it will come painless and quick. The sound of angry snarls is the last I hear before the ripping of my thin dress and flesh bouncing in my ear lobes, and my screams of pain echoing of the walls of the forest, I never thought that dying would be so painful. The last thought that flashed in my head was "What did I do, to deserve such cruel death?" then the black pit of unconsciousness drowned all other thoughts. I wake up with a start, sweat pouring off my body like rain from the clouds, shooting upright in my bedpanting from a loss of breath. I searched my surroundings and finding that I am in my bedroom, unharmed. I look at the alarm clock on my nightstand to find that it is only four in the morning. I slowly pull myself out of my bed and walk over to my closet, grabbing a pair of running shorts and a purple spaghetti strap shirt and put on my running shoes. I throw my hair into a ponytail and take my red IPod and my earphones. I silently make my way to the front door, trying not to wake my dad, brother and my sister. I grabbed my set of house keys and head out the door, locking it then sliding the key into my pocket. I put my earphones in and start running. The song 'If Today Was Your Last Day' by 'Nickelback' started playing, and ironically, it almost fit my mood. As I ran, I felt all my worries and fear disappear. Running in the forest, that surrounded my house; this early always helps clear my mind. The forest is almost my second home, weird huh? The dream I had last night, or this morning, was that I died in the place I called my second home. As I ran further into the forest, I felt myself detach from every thing on this planet, the feeling of becoming tired, being hungry and thirsty and the worries of my dream. I only focused on my steady breathing, the path in front of me, and the music blaring in my ears. Weirdly I felt as if I'm being watched, but I just shrug it off I'm probably just being paranoid. Salty air hits my nose, telling me that I'm near First Beach. Memories that my best friends and I made here flooded my mind, all of them are good, all except the day I lost one of my best friends. Flashback Lacy, Aleera, Fallon and I were walking down the beach; our usually happy faces are tainted with frowns and sadness. We are always laughing and joking, but lately our moods have become depressed. In the past Month Lacy, Aleera, Fallon and I have lost our brothers to the LaPush cult. They don't speak to us, they are barely home and they have a short temper. Our parents don't even do anything except say that we should stay away from our own brothers ! And that we must not anger them. The past weeks were really hard on every one, especially the Clearwater's. Harry Clearwater, whom is like my second father, passed away last week Monday due to a heart attack. Seth, my best friend aside from Lacy, took it really bad, and his older sister, Leah, did too. Leah's the older sister that is always there when you need her to be. Lacy, Fallon, Aleera and I all helped her heal when her boyfriend – and cult leader – Sam Uley, left her for her cousin , Emily Young. Anyway, do you know how maddening it is when you don't see your best friend for almost two weeks? I saw him at his dad's funeral, but he looked different and looked no one in the eye. Afterwards I tried speaking to him, but my dad said I should let him mourn, but that was two frickken weeks ago ! Yeah, it took me some time to except the loss of my mom, but not two weeks. And to make things more nerve wrecking is that when I went over to his house, Aunt Sue said that I should leave and stay away from him. That really hurt, I mean we grew up together and I kind of have a small, huge crush on him, but who wouldn't? He is frickken adorable and a gentleman at times. So here I am, walking on the beach with my best friends, doing nothing. Today is one of those rare sunny days here in LaPush, where the sun is shinning and there is not a cloud in the sky. My thoughts were interrupted by Aleera. "Oh my sugar coated candy!" I follow her gaze and my eyes land on the most horrific sight ever. The LaPush cult playing soccer and they have a new member. Please, please say my vision is out of focus. I rub my eyes and look back at the scene playing before me, to find that it's the same as before. Playing as one of the defense players; stood the one and only Seth Clearwater shirtless; buff, cropped hair and sporting the cult tattoo on his right shoulder. I feel the lump rise in my throat as I stood there staring at him, my heart shattering into a million unfixable pieces. "Don't worry Sophy, he's just a jerk," I hear Fallon, I think, say. Mustering up as much courage as I could, I trudge over to where he was standing, not caring that I could get hit by the ball or that I was interrupting their game. They all stopped and looked and me with an annoyed look, even my brother, all but Seth who just looked at the rocks and pebbles on the ground. I take a deep breath before speaking. "What happened to you, Seth?" He didn't respond, just kept staring at the ground. "You of all people, really? You made a promise to me Seth; you promised that you wouldn't leave us, that you wouldn't leave me" I said, my voice cracking near the end. He still didn't look at me, but at least he replied. "I'm sorry, but we can't be friends anymore and I don't have time for this, you're just a waste of my time" I'm sure that the people in Forks could here my heart shatter into a billion pieces the minute the words left his mouth. "W-wha-what? Y-you ca-can't be se-serious. I- I mean your, you're my best friend." I stuttered out, the lump in my throat affecting my speech. My best friend is leaving me for some cult ? And he doesn't even have the decency to look me in the eyes. He stayed silent, and kept his gaze locked on the ground, which made me pissed off. "Look at me DAMNIT!" I screamed, not bothered by the other people around us. I saw him flinch, but his gaze didn't meet mine. I felt the tears I kept at bay, flood down my cheeks. I felt rage, sadness, loss and hurt at the same time and something in me just snapped, I couldn't take it any more I had to get out of here. "I hope you're happy with your new cult, because you're not my Seth any more. Stay away from me, and consider yourself an enemy now, I have nothing more to say to you." I seethed, turning away from him. "Wait,-" I said turning back around. "-just the only words that I never thought I'd say to you. I Hate you Seth Clearwater" He flinched at the last four words, but by then I was already running towards the forest, tears streaming down my face. I heard my only friends call my name but I ignored them and just kept running… End Flashback That happened almost two years ago, but the memory is still fresh in my mind. That day I lost more than just my best friend, I stopped believing in true love. And that day I lost the classification of being called human. It turned out that my best friends kept a secret from me. I'm not sure what we are, but I know that we're no longer human. Lacy said the first time it had happened to her, she was in her room reading a book, when she heard crashing and things breaking. So she went to investigate, walking into the kitchen she saw broken glass and wood everywhere, and her brother standing in the centre of it all; shaking like a phone on vibrate. Her mother standing in a corner, looking mortified, speaking frantically to someone on the phone. She said that when she stepped further into the room and Quil saw her, the shaking lessened and he ran out the door. The shock, anger and pain she felt became too much, so she returned to her room and jumped out her window, and began running to my house when she shifted. Luckily Aleera and Fallon were already in their other forms and explained everything to her. When she finally changed back, she was so thirsty, she felt as if she could drink the entire ocean. After I found out, well after I shifted, we decided that since we're not how we used to be, we should change our appearance. Aleera dyed her black hair to a dark