Percy Jackson first stood next to Annabeth Chase in 6th at Yancy Junior High in P.E. class. They lined up to kick the ball in KickBall, Percy's leg sending the checkered ball across the make shift gravel field, the other pre-teens stopping to watch in awe as it soared far above their heads and Percy almost made it the 3rd base before the ball bumped against shoulder blades-signaling he was out. Annabeth's kick was short, and only made it a few feet infront of her and while the others all looked at her confused, she raced to each base. She was the first 6th grader to make it past all 3 bases on her first day for that year. Annabeth's and Percy's rival started that day. Percy and Annabeth stood next to each other the first week of 7th. Their science teacher ordered they stand by height for a project about genes. Annabeth stood proudly next to Percy, passing him by 7 inches. She smirked as she looked down at him, and even stood on her tip-toes to rub it in further. Percy simply glared, huffing he crossed his arms. Later that week, while waiting next to him for lunch, she rested her elbow easily on his shoulder. He vowed to be taller than her, and tried eating more vegetables-which he regretted a couple days later. Percy stood next to Annabeth at the 8th grade 'moving on' party that was supposed to help them move onto High School with worries. They each got a goodie bag, with 2 5-stars folders, a package of pencils, and just to make it not completely boring they threw in a bag of chocolate kisses. Percy tried not to show off, he was just pushing 5"5, Annabeth was a tall girl at 5"8. She still teased him about it constantly, he would always say he was just slouching. Percy, if he really stretched, he was just able to place his elbow on her shoulder for once. Annabeth would smile fro ear-to-ear when she wore these tall shoes that gave her at least 2 and 1/2. Percy stood next to Annabeth when they smiled for the all school picture on Goode High School's front lawn during 9th grade. Percy gave a smug smile at how he was now 6"6 and towered over Annabeth, she grumbled something. At the last minute Percy pops his hand up, giving a grumpy looking Annabeth a pair of bunny ears, and later he drew real ones over his finger in the picture in his yearbook. Annabeth drew a frowny face next to it. Leaving a few colorful words in her 'See you next summer!' message, which Percy covered when he showed his Mom all the notes he got. Percy stood next to Annabeth, his arm passing hers to grab a thick 10th grade biology textbook she was struggling to get the last half hour. Annabeth playfully nudged his shoulder when he teasingly dangled it out of her reach, and when he finally let her get it, their hands touched and stayed like that much longer than needed. Both blushed deep shades of crimson when a stranger awkwardly reached in front of them muttering 'Pardon my reach'-something Annabeth would chide Percy about when he would say 'excuse me' when reaching in front of people. Percy stood next to Annabeth, her only waist deep and Percy chest deep, taunting her to go further. The chilly waves lapping at his shoulders, every step Annabeth took closer he stepped back. Only when they were an inch apart, from their neck down was submerged in the sea. Percy couldn't help but stare into her eyes, a mini storm twisting in each gray orb, he was memorized. Those eyes were his favorite, most certainly when they would roll back at him. He loved when, if she even wasn't, it looked like she was thinking a million things a second and you know she knows everything about you. It was intimidating and endearing all at the same time. It was this moment, standing deep in the water while she was talking away about something, that Percy realized he might be in love with his best friend. Percy stood next to Annabeth both waiting for the light to change, Percy continued to complain about how his backpack was heavy with the Oceanology and marine biology textbooks Annabeth forced him to get-she said to he needed to prepare for college, hers constantly stocked of Architecture books. It was there Percy called her 'Wise Girl', unknowing it would stick. Annabeth-never good at comebacks, called him 'Seaweed Brain' insisting it fitted because of all the time he spent in the Ocean as a kid, and how the seawedd leaked into his head, and his obsession with it. Percy stood next to Annabeth as they waited for his bus home during Thanksgiving break during 11th grade. Percy shirt had wet spots where Annabeth's tears had soaked through. Her Dad was being removed from NYU to being the history professor at Golden Gate University. Meaning Annabeth was leaving too, Percy held her hand-something he was trying to convince himself that was completely platonic but he knew when something stirred deep in his stomach, that knew that was a lie. Annabeth only cried harder when rain began to drizzle down, she had forgotten to grab a jacket before slipping out the door. Percy, having his mother drill 'Always be a gentleman' in his head since 5th grade, without a second thought shucked off his slightly damp jacket and huddled it around her shaking shoulders. Percy stood next to Annabeth at JKF airport, their hands tightly clasped. Percy's eyes itched with tears, and could hear Annabeth choke on her sobs-trying to be quiet while her Dad fiddled with his dinosaur of a phone both waiting until their flight was boarding, the moment Percy referred to as 'Losing the girl I have a major crush on, and might even love-but not ready to admit' only to himself. And maybe once to his mom, which knew of his small-actually monster sized-crush on his friend since 6th grade. They've been through everything together, Annabeth's prideful time of being tall, Percy's voice cracking, Annabeth's parent's divorce, Percy's multiple studying all-nighters when he desperately tried to bump his grade up from a F or D to C. Annabeth's awful boyfriend Luke, and Percy girlfriends, Rachel and Calypso. And now, Annabeth was slipping through Percy's fingers like sand. Percy stood next to Annabeth during freshman year of college at NYU, his mind wandering so far away, he didn't register it was his old friend next to him at orientation, her head too far in the freshman guide to notice. Percy's friends rushed over in their pack, whooping and smacking him on the back for graduating high school with almost flying colors. Annabeth just turned to snap at them to be quiet so she could finally read her book, when Percy spun to meet her. Their eyes met in an almost movie-like magic, and for both the world seemed to slow down and their vision tunneled. All Annabeth could think about was his facial hair and how it made more attractive then when they were teenagers, the way his shoulders had broadened with muscle. Percy couldn't help but stare at how she filled out, and how her eyes seemed to have lost their sharp edge. Percy stood next to Annabeth on the curb-waiting for the street to clear for them to pass, his hand itching to grab hers. He had been deep in sleep when he received her 4 AM drunk and crying phone call. Annabeth had babbled about some guy grabbing her butt and her friends all ditching her for guys, either heading all home with strangers or disappearing on the dance floor. Percy rushed to meet her at a bar almost a town over and almost carried her into his jeep after she spilled her gut an inch from his shoes. Annabeth made it to his apartment, and was able to pull in front of the building before she zonked out completely. Percy carried her up the 6 flights of stairs, groaning about the 'Out of Order' sign messily taped to the elevator. He let her claim the bed, and was just slipping out the door when she moaned his name. Percy bent low to hear what she was trying to say, when she fisted her hands in his hoodie and smashed their lips together. Percy pulled away quickly, and was about to say something when Annabeth fell back, already asleep. Percy stood next to Annabeth as she hungrily watched him flip pancakes and bacon on a skillet, she felt like her brain was 3 sizes too big for her skull. It didn't phase Percy when she scarfed down the greasy food in almost one big mouthful. When she brought up what she did last night while drunk, his neck turned pink, but nevertheless he told her everything-leaving out the kiss part. Annabeth eyed him when he stuttered and when failing at regaining his pride, giving the food infront of him, his full attention. Annabeth, after enjoying the food, and then disappeared into his room-coming out in her night clothes, giving Percy a quick goodbye before slipping out the door. Percy stood next to Annabeth by the bookshelf, his height letting him easily reach above her to get this thick book she'd been jumping for. Annabeth added the book to all the books piled in her arms, slightly stumbling as she walked to check them out, Percy-being the gentleman he was, offered to carry them and when she refused Annabeth then dropped 3 books, Percy scooped them out of her arms and ignored her protests. They walked back, making a quick stop at the coffee shop. Both making fun of each other's drink choices, Annabeth went with straight black coffee and Percy cappuccino with something special in it-he refused to tell her. A large part of Percy and Annabeth's mind nagged them about how close this was to that one moment a year in High School, so many years ago. Percy stood next to Annabeth as she made him dinner, Percy was planning to ask her out-she beat him to it. It was Asian stir-fry with rice, egg rolls, and a mix of all kinds of veggies. His stomach growled loudly at the sight and smell of warmly cooked meal, making Annabeth slap his arm and roll her eyes. The dinner went from a planned 1 hour thing, to joking and flirting until the sun bathed her apartment shades of oranges and reds. Percy ended up staying till later that afternoon, once he realized he had a meeting, he left to change. Percy stood next to Annabeth for the next 4 months and a half, both meeting twice, sometimes 3 times, a week whether it was dates or going to coffee or even just sitting and talking in their apartments. Percy proudly held his title as her boyfriend. It was one night, they were curled up on his couch watching a education film Annabeth nagged him all day about. To be honest, Percy was watching her more than the film, and somehow he heard the words 'I love you' tumble from his lips. Annabeth's eyes widened and for the minute it took her to answer he was afraid he said it too soon. Annabeth murmured it back, and kissed him deeply-the scenes on the TV long forgotten. Percy stood next to Annabeth, more like laid. Annabeth was pressed against his front, her steady breaths and lemony and vanilla scent continuing to lull him into sleep. They both had dopey smiled on there faces when they ate brunch later. Since that day, Annabeth slowly left her stuff at his place, her clothes claimed half his closet and 2 of his drawers, his bathroom held all her hair supplies and make up. Annabeth only left when she needed to grab something from her