Chapter One: Horrible News A girl with brown hair and carmel highlights walked through the halls of Wayside High School. She walked to her locker and opened her red locker. As she finished she saw her friends come walking over. Kumal closed her locker door," Hey guys. What's up with you guys?" "We found a portal or vortex." Stu said telling her what was up. "Whatever you want to call it, it is in the woods behind your house where we do target practice on each other." Shendal smiled. Kumal was confused," What do you mean you found a portal." Stu answered her," It is in your back yard. The rest of the gang is going to meet us there. If that is all right with you." "I need some time to think about this one. I will let you know though." "Take all the time in the world. We have all the time in the world." Shendal said still smiling. She didn't know what they were smiling for. Kumal grabbed their arms dragging them to their next class wanting to show them something. They went into the classroom and saw Mr. Tibet sitting at the door handing out tests. Kumal took the test and looked at it once and nearly fainted at the sight of it. There was no way she would pass this test, not in a million lifetimes. Shendal saw this and pointed to a desk near his while Kumal sat down thankful that she would pass this test. As they finished the test the bell rang and Kumal left with all her friends this time and went to karate practice. Master Tento stood at the door handing out belts to the students as they came in. Kumal put on her black belt while her friends put theirs on to. They separated into groups of five. Kumal and Shendal both placed their hands in front of them and bowed to each other. Kumal kicked first missing by an inch while Shendal grabbed her leg and threw her to the ground. As Kumal got up she went to the punching and hit her friend in the eye. All at the same time Shendal took her hand from her face and twisted it behind her back. As her hand was behind her back she kicked Shendal in the stomach, which made her release her arm. Shendal did a round house kick, a flip and then finally pinned her to the ground. Master Tento came over," Very nice Shendal." He paused and he turned to Kumal," You need to be faster. You are too slow." Kumal put her head down and spoke," Yes Master Tento." "Don't put your head down." He spoke with demand and seeing she wasn't listening he finally had enough," You are always like this. Until you can straighten your piss poor life out don't come back." Kumal ran out crying to her green mustang and opened the driver's door. As she put the key in the ignition her four friends came running over. Yuku grabbed her in a hug before she could close the door and drive off. Yuku sighed," He is always like that to you." Shendal clenched his fists and hit the car," I can't believe that damn jerk. He will pay." Kumal wiped the tears away," I'm not allowed in his class anymore, and you won't hurt him." They stood up and walked to lunch together. The four of them watched Kumal making sure she was all right. Kumal only picked up her food and then put it back down. Instead of eating she pulled out a book and started to read it. As she sat reading the book she could hear the guys talking about the next big football game and how they were all going to snog the cheerleaders afterwards. She made a gagging noise and glared at her ex-boyfriends. Kumal put the book away and walked out of the lunch room and up the stairs to history. She went right in and sat at her desk her eyes still red from her crying. The rest of the class came in and sat at their desks to take their test. Kumal looked at her test as Mrs. Callem handed her the test. She knew she would fail this test but she didn't care anymore. After she finished the test she took it up and walked out of the room not caring that the bell didn't ring. After class her friends found her at her locker pulling out her things and heading to the exit. They followed her and hopped in the car as she started the car. She drove out of the parking lot feeling happy for the weekend to come. Kumal would be able to hang out with her friends and she was planning on going through the portal they kept talking about. They pulled into the drive way and walked into her house that smelled of roast chicken and rice. Plates were on the table waiting for them. The five of them sat down and started to eat, her mother unaware of the fact that her daughter thought her life was shit. After dinner the five went out to the karate pit in the woods to practice for meets. Kumal was ready as she punched a tree and her hand started to bleed. Stu saw this and wrapped it in a bandage as he kicked a cushion Shendal was holding up. As Kumal was getting bandaged up she sat down on the ground and wished she was dead. She started to cry and Stu hugged her tight as she cried even harder. They all knew that she had tried to kill herself time and time again and again. For some reason she never did do it through and none of them knew why but they liked to think that it was because of them. Slowly pulling away from him she stood up and tightened her black belt. The others stood watching her not wanting to fight her right at the moment. Kumal saw this and then crossed her arms. Kumal still had her arms crossed," Come on just fight me." Stu stood up," You try to commit suicide every day of your life. You need a break from this world." "What do you mean this world?" Kumal said a little worriment in her voice. "Well that portal we found here in the woods is actually on that big mountain up there." Razam filled her in. Kumal was still lost," I still don't know what you are getting at. So if you don't mind would you please fill me in other than telling me that it is a portal or something of the sort?" "It takes you to another world." Yuku sighed and seeing the questioning look he told her," Kumal think about it. You could get out of this world for good." "I said let me think about it." Kumal said with anger. They walked out of the woods and saw her mother standing in the doorway with the phone up to her ear. She smiled as they walked into the house and up to Kumal's room to watch the TV show CSI. As she flicked on the TV her four friends made themselves comfortable on the bed. Kumal sat down beside them and waited for the commercial to be over. It turned out it was one of the episodes they already seen. So her friends wouldn't have to watch it again she decided to record it and they sat there doing homework. After about ten minutes of doing homework, Kumal stood up and went to her closet. Pulling out her books she needed most and her stories she left the room. Her friends finally figured out that she was going to go through the portal that day. They stood up and ran after her finding her at her sister's grave. Each one waited until she was done there to proceed in following her. The woods were dark and cool in the day but she kept having the same daydream over and over again. Not sure what this one met she kept going without saying a word. The mountain came into view just as she snapped out of the dream. It was standing in front of her as tall as the Eiffel tower. Stu stood looking at it and then decided to sit and rest for a little bit. Kumal looked at him with an expressionless face and continued to walk, heading up the mountain. The mountain was steep and she kept sliding down. Finally she got a good grip not wanting to be helped by one of the guys since it involved touching. She looked down some of the mountain to see her friends finally getting off their lazy asses and starting to climb the mountain. As she climbed she kept having the same daydream of elves capturing her and her friends but knew nothing of the sort. As she made it to the top she heard something loud and peered down at her four friends. They all were just inches away from her and she finally pulled herself to her feet. As she hit the ground she was grabbed from behind with a knife held to her neck. Her friends came to the top and saw the situation at hand. None of them however moved already knowing who the person was and where the portal led. Razam saw the fear in her eyes," Kumal calm down." Yuku still saw fear in her eyes and tears starting to form," She's not calming down. She thinks he is going to who know what." " Kumal." The voice holding her there whispered," Calm down. We are taking you to your real world. That's where you belong and we will explain everything." Slowly walking to a greenish bluish swirling liquid they were all gone. When she opened her eyes to see where she was at she saw that she was defiantly not in New Zealand anymore. There was a whistle from everyone there except for her and five beautiful horses came galloping over to them. Kumal was mounted with the criminal who held the knife to her throat. She let the tears fall not believing that her friends had just betrayed her. They were her only friends in the whole world and then they go and tell her to go through this portal to another world. Then they don't help her when she gets captured. As she sat on the horse she got an idea. Kumal punched the guy in the stomach and took his sword and knife. Also taking his horse not knowing where she was going but seeing the horse knew the way she let him lead the way. Kumal could see a river coming into view and the horse led her over the river and then straight into the woods. They went down winding paths and sharp turns. Kumal saw a wonderfully pretty kingdom in front of her. Fear slowly grew in her eyes and then she felt hands over her mouth once again. They led her into the kingdom down the elegant roads. Fear still lingering all over her they led her to Lord Elrond who was in his office. Lord Elrond looked up when he saw them come in and smiled. The captor let Kumal go and she stood trembling all over. More elves and a mortal walked into the room and they locked the door. Seeing the fear in her eyes Stu tried to put a hand on her shoulder but she ran only to find that there was no place to run. She turned to them all and let the silent tears fall down from her crystal blue eyes. Elrond stood at the sight of Kumal crying," Do you not know who I am.' Kumal nodded," Of course I know who you are." Elrond knew what was wrong then for Razam told him everything