katie_reactions/set?id=102838771&lid=3897234 Outfit ^^^^ Katie July 13, 2014, the day the 'great' Travis Stoll dies. This time he had gone to far. My hair…MY FREAKING HAIR! The nerve of that guy, no-that dead guy. I walked briskly towards cabin 11 and tried to keep my hoodie up so no one would see my hair. Piper stopped me on the way, grabbing my arm. "Hey what's up with you today?" she asked munching on a cookie. "Travis put hair dye in my shampoo!" I whisper yelled "So what are you going to do, yell at him?" she questioned well duh I nodded. She shook her head. "There is no point in that. You just gonna give him the satisfaction that it got to you." I calmed down and thought about how right she was. "I guess your right" I sigh looking at the dirt ground under my feet. "Besides it won't change the fact that your hair is… wait what does it even look like?" "It's bright red" I felt the anger resurface. She tried to pull my hood down but I gripped onto the edges on it tightly and firmly in place. She sighed, "Ok let's get to the Aphrodite cabin shall we?" I followed her to her cabin and she locked the door behind me. There were only three campers in the cabin, rest were at the usual Aphrodite hangout, were the 'hot boys' were aka the beach. "Ok girls and boy" she acknowledged Mitchell who gave a two-finger salute then stuffed his hands back in his pockets. "So Travis obviously pulled a prank on Katie as he always does but this time he went to far." Mitchell had sandy blonde hair with deep blue eyes, he was a laid back chill guy; he was actually the first friend I made at camp. When everyone found out he was gay they started getting distant from him besides me and some of his siblings, but slowly everyone warmed up to the idea and he be became a role model to all the gay campers who were to afraid to tell everyone. He's even got a boyfriend from the Hephaestus cabin, Kai. Kelly snorted and rolled her eyes "What? Did he steal all those dirty tools of yours?" she went back to putting her mascara on. Kelly had dark brown eyes and brown almost black hair and a kick ass attitude with stilettoes on all the time. She was very nice though and she loved little kids. Jamie, she had dark red almost auburn looking hair and light blue eyes with a thin line of green ringing around the blue. She is usually quite and hates unnecessary violence. None of the three are the stereotypical Aphrodite kids so we all get along. "No he messed with her hair." cue the mascara bottle from Kelly's hand and perfume bottle from Jamie's hand falling at the same time with collective gasps. They rushed over to me yelling and pulling at my hoodies to get a look. "Girls seriously give her some space" Mitchell pried the two girls off of me. "Can you remove the hood Katie?" he asked. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath before pulling the hood down. I heard gasps, which I took as a bad sign and kept my eyes closed. "How bad is it." "Your hair looks amazing Katie" say what now!? I opened one eye then the other looking at their awed faces. "Katie you look like Ariel except you have green eyes" Piper smiled. "…And you have tan skin" I quickly pulled my hood up groaning. "No that's a good thing," Mitchel laughed pulling my hood of again. "Now lets show Travis that messing with Katie Gardner was a mistake" Jamie pulled me into a swivel chair and they started running around the cabin. "Piper your on clothes, Jamie your on hair, and Kelly your on make up." I frowned at Mitchell "What are you gonna do?" I slowly started backing up "I'm gonna make sure they don't over do it." He winked at me. "Great idea" "Ok now sit." Jamie pulled me to one of the chair that you find at the salon and with that they got started. [In SpongeBob's narrator voice] ~~~~Two hours later~~~~ "Ok aaannnnddd done" I heard Kelly said as she finished doing whatever she was doing with my eyes. "Can I open my eyes now?" I groaned they made me keep my eyes closed the whole time after I got my clothes on. The whole time there were occasional fights that would break out concerning little things such as what color my eye shadow should be or what should be done with my hair, thankfully Mitchell would resolve it before an all out war started. Trust me you don't want a war between two Aphrodite campers over fashion. "Yup!" I took a deep breath then opened my eyes. "What do you think?" Kelly squealed "We darkened it because it made your skin look darker then it really is." "I look…AMAZING!" I squealed with them and I hugged each of them one by one. "Ok now all you have to do is be cocky and strut." Jamie listed counting with her fingers. "And strut?" "Yup!" Piper popped the 'p' at the end. "Whoa Piper since when did you take you're roll as a daughter of Aphrodite?" I was amazed to say the least; she would have been against the whole makeover thing. "I'm not, but that boy needs to learn that he can't get away with everything and that there is such a thing as a backfire. And who better to show him that then his very own girlfriend." She laughed and I rolled my eyes. "Now just remember be confident, be cocky, and don't give him the time of day." Jamie intervened. I nodded and took a deep breath before walking out of their cabin. I didn't have to tend to any plants today so I wouldn't have to worry about getting dirty. I made my way back to my cabin only getting the occasional looks, that this time lingered on me for about a couple of seconds longer before they started talking to each other. I rolled my eyes and ran a hand threw my newly turned red hair. By the end of the day the whole camp is gonna know about my hair. I got a few 'I love our hair' or 'damn I'd tap that' at the appropriate ones I would wave at them and say thanks but I would just ignore the inappropriate comments and cat calls with an eye roll and not even spare them a glance. The Hermes Cabin is out canoeing right now so I don't have to worry about Travis seeing my hair right now but he sure as Hades will see it at lunch, which was in about an hour. I sighed and ran my hand through my hair again as I finally made it into my cabin. Some of my siblings were in here and complemented me on my hair. I thanked them and settled down into my bed grabbing a book and starting to read. It was a book called 'Night' , its about a boy named Eliezer and his father's journey though different camps during World War II because they were Jewish. I never liked history books I was more into reading about fantasy books about the prince and princess but I had to read this book over summer and finish a packet of questions regarding it for school. I got to the point where Eliezer gets his golden crown pulled out with a rusty spoon. Yikes! When I heard the horn signaling lunch. I scrambled off of my bed and made sure my whole cabin was here, and then I stood in front of them. Taking a deep breath I walked out of the cabin and lead them to the mess hall. My face turned a light pink because of all the people staring at me; it was mostly boys and a few girls. "Katie what possessed you to dye your hair" Miranda came up behind me. I turned around and smiled "I didn't do it, it was the Stolls" I said in a hushed tone then told her about the plan Mitchell, Piper, Kelly and Jamie came up with. She laughed "Nice, finally he's gonna get put in his place" I laughed we all stood in lines with our plates full of food waiting to make it to the fireplace. She smirked looking at me…no wait she was smirking at what was behind me. I scrunched my eyebrows and slowly turned around to find the Stolls farther behind in the line staring towards us. Conner was looking towards us with a slight smile playing on his lips. Travis was looking at me with wide eyes and his mouth slightly open. I grinned and put my index finger under my chin and gently pushed my head up. Conner laughed at me and put his hand under Travis's mouth and closed it, the minute he removed his hand though, Travis's mouth opened up again. "Guess he was expecting me to yell at him like you always do." I laughed running my hand through my hair and whipping my head back causing my hair to flip to the left. "He just lost his shit. He literally shocked on his own spit." Miranda turned back as well "By the way love the hair" "Thanks how'd I do" I nervously bit my lip. "You did awesome girly. So far so good." We high fived each other grinning like complete goofs. ΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩ I was currently outside at archery practice and well aware that Travis was currently watching me like a creeper because he was done with his activities for the day. I notched a bow while staring at him the whole time. He was smiling at me. I stared at him the whole time and shot. BULLS EYE! I smirked my main weapon was a bow and arrow with a back up dagger hidden in the back of my jeans. His eyes widened for a quick second but relaxed just as fast. "Yo Kate Kate" I turned to my left to see a son of Apollo coming towards me; they were in charge of the archery portion of the activities. As the figure got closer I saw golden blonde hair spiked up about an inch or two high and a perfect tan decorating a shirtless boy. He had light almost white colored green eyes that sometimes made it look like they were glowing. "Hey Stevie" His real name was Steven but I always called him Stevie. "I think its time we take you training to the next level. Whad ya think?" his hands were stuffed in the pockets of his basketball shorts. He had a white beaded necklace that was very close to being called a choker, like the kind the surfers wear. His hair slightly swayed to the left. It wasn't the hottest day or the coldest it was a perfect day. The wind was slightly blowing but it wasn't cold and the sun was out with the occasional cloud or two. "What do you mean next level, I'm shooting arrows without any hesitation and without looking what is there that I can do?" he pulled out a black piece of cloth. "Blindfolded" I scoffed and crossed my arms. "Are you being legit right now?" I cocked an eyebrow "Very" "But I can already shoot an arrow without looking" I sighed "Shooting an arrow without looking at the target and shoot an arrow in complete darkness are two completely different things." He retrieved a bandana from his pocket. "Alright fine." I turned my back facing him. He securely tied it around my eyes. "Ok so you know how like in the movies there's a group of people who surround a person then push them around? Well that's what we're gonna