Disclaimer: This is a Harry Potter creature story but I don't own any of the characters they belong to J.K. Rowling. A/N: This story is about young Harry who is born into a family of Pureblooded Veelas which many families considering it an honor. However Harry thinks differently about the ways of the Veela and will shock the hell out of not only the wizarding world but also the Veela race. Potter Manor July 31, 1980 A loud curdling scream could be heard as it echoed through the halls of Potter Manor as Lily Potter was staring at the ceiling, her eyes filled with tears. Squeezing her husband James' hand with a tight firm grip she began to go through the first contractions of her pregancy. Blood stained the white sheets and covers of the bed. "Alright Lady Potter thats it you can do it! Push!" the Mediwitch coaxed from her position at the foot of the bed. James whimpered as his hand was being crushed by his wife, "That's it Lily flower your doing great" "YOU BASTARD WHEN THIS IS OVER IM GOING TO CASTRATE YOU!" she threatened him. "EVEN THOUGH WE'RE VEELAS I WILL NOT LET YOU TOUCH ME AGAIN!" 'Hehe same old Lily flower' thought James with a small laugh even though he was sweating. Which was true the Potter family had Veela blood within them since the time of the Founders. Lord Alexander Christopher Potter was the first Potter to marry a Veela and ever since then his descendants always carried the Veela gene which was always inherited upon their seventh birthday where they would show signs of the Veela within them. But their allure would not activate until their eleventh birthday which Veela were thankful because it ensures that the children lived a safe and protective childhood. James was a Pureblood Veela and to his shock during his Hogwarts days his wife Lily Evans who many had believed was Muggleborn was actually a Halfblood Veela since her mother was a Veela and Lucius' little sister Elsa Malfoy. But that didn't bother James at all since Lucius was the king of the Veela. With a final ear shattering scream Lady Potter had given birth to twins. The babies cries filled the room as Lily's angry thoughts had vanished at the sight of her first born twins. She gasped softly as she panted, she was exhausted but her arms were reaching out to her children until she had another sharp pain in her abdomen. This time here cries were louder than usual. The Mediwtich handed the twins to the father and turned back to Lady Potter with a shocked expression. Usually magicial families could have up to two children but it seems the Potters were on of the lucky ones to have more than two children. "What's wrong?" asked James worried for his wife. "Congrats Lord and Lady Potter you've been blessed with a third child" she said in excitement. 'We're having three children?' Lily thought with a smile on her face as she then clenched the sheets in her fists. Her legendary temper multiplied tenfold as she had to relive the torture once again. If she survived this James was the first one on her list to die by her hands. James sat by his wife's side carefully holding his twins in his arms. He gazed down at the newborns with pride as the two children curled their small hands over his large finger. The eldest child was a boy who looked like Lily with red hair but was bushy like all Potter's hair were. His eyes were of course brown like James Potter but they were a little lighter. The second twin was a beautiful baby girl, who was an exact clone of her mother with vibrant red hair and emerald green eyes that were the color of the Avada Kedavra curse. "I'll name our eldest son Charles Alexander Potter named after my father Charles and my thrice great grandfather Alexander Potter." James said proudly before gazing at his daughter. "and for you my darling flower I'll name you Diana Leah Potter" Lily screamed louder as the room filled with the cries of the last baby. The Meditch smiled as she walked over to Lily and handed her last child. "congrats Lily you've been blessed with another son" she said softly. Lily looked upon her little boy that was in her arms. The baby was as beautiful as any Veela with raven black hair as dark as the night sky and eyes as bright as the shiniest emerald. His skin was as soft as any Veela even more than her own. "Well aren't you a diamond in the rough my little emerald your beauty will one day surpass my own and so I think I'll name you Hadrian Morgana Potter named after my father and Lady Morgana who was the most powerful Veela in existence. You'll be the pride of the Veela race my little emerald I know it." Potter Manor July 31, 1987 Seven years have gone by and the Potter family have never been happier. In fact today was a very special day for today was the day the Potter children would come into their Veela inheritence. Charles Potter the eldest child and the heir to the Potter family had grown into a fine young man with his mother's red hair and his father's brown eyes. His figure was very slender which was normal for a Veela. His sister was the same way she had a beauty that rivalled her mother and many boys loved her so much. The twins were very beautiful in the eyes of their parents and they were very proud, but they knew that today they would be going through their Veela transformations where not only their beauty will intensify but so would their magic. All the family was happy for this day except for a certain raven haired child Harry Morgana Potter. Little Harry was laying on his bed staring the ceiling as he heard the party going on downstairs. He knew it was mostly the Veela race who have come to welcome their newest Veela. He however didn't want to be a Veela, to him they were just predatory creatures that hunt down their mates. He read that Veelas must find their mates in order to survive since it will not only strengthen their magic but also it keeps them safe from dying. 'I want to marry for love' thought Harry. 'and I am not going to let something choose for me' As he was getting off the bed he grunted as he rolled over in pain. He could feel the Veela inside him trying to sprout out of him. He quickly crawled over to the door to reach for the door knob but couldn't quite reach it as he felt pain in his back. Bright golden wings were starting to sprout out which was the main trait of the rare Elemental Veela. "NO!" screamed Harry as he was trying fight against the transformation. "I WON'T SUBMIT TO YOU I DON'T WANT TO BE A VEELA YOU HEAR ME!" "you can't resist me Harry it is the way it must be" said his Veela. "You can't fight destiny once we are one we will be able to locate our mate when you start Hogwarts." "No Veelas are sexual creatures that allure others to pleasure them. I won't be one of them I want to marry for love and nothing else." Harry shouted back. His Veela was amused and offended by Harry's remarks "You amuse me little Harry but remember no matter how much you want to resist me you'll come to accept it in the end." laughed the Veela. "No never I will never accept you you hear me you disgusting creature" Harry growled as he tried to regain control of himself. His skin was starting to become softer and his body was begining to show feminine traits. "Hahaha you see little one you can't resist me no one can resist the allure and power of a Veela" the spirit laughed. Harry was crying as tears streamed down his face and dropped to the ground "please!" he silently begged. "please if anyone can hear me, if Mother Magic can hear me please I don't want to go through this I want to be normal, I WANT TO BE NORMAL!" he screamed. Magic suddenly filled the room as it surrounded the fearful child like it was answering his prayers. The Veela soon became fearful as Harry's magic filled not only his body but his mind and spirit. Within the confines of Harry's mind where the Veela was housed. A darkening mist filled the mindscape as black chains sprouted from the ground and soon began to chain the Veela down. "NO WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" the Veela screamed as the chains dug into him. It was a pain that no Veela has ever felt before. The chains were a representation of Harry's fear and hate for the Veela within himself. So long as Harry rejects himself then the Veela within him will forever be chained until such a time it will disappear forever leaving the young child an outcast in his own race. "YOUR MAKING A BIG MISTAKE CHILD YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO CONTAIN ME FOR LONG!" he shouted. "NO THIS IS WHAT I WANT! I REJECT YOU HEAR ME I RENOUNCE MY VEELA HERITAGE!" he shouted. Good thing that his parents didn't hear that since the room had a few silencing charms on it since Harry loved his privacy and he was thankful for that. Soon after Harry's declaration the spirit suddenly felt weak as it passed out within young Harry's mind alone and forever chained. Harry panted as he was covered in sweat as his magic retracted the wings and other feminine features that came with being a Veela. It was over at least for now and that was all that mattered right now to him. "Thank Circe its over" Harry smiled as he laughed as he slowly stood up and headed to his bedroom mirror where he saw that the wings and all the other features had vanished. It was a miracle for young Harry had done what no Veela would dare to do, he had fully rejected his inheritence. He was soon brought out of his thoughts by a knock at his door. "Harry darling come on its time to come down everyone is waiting for you to arrive" said Lily. "Coming mother" Harry said as he quickly dusted himself off and opened the door. "Shall we go mother?" Lily was a little worried about Harry's behavior but brushed it off as today was the greatest day for her children. "Yes Harry darling lets get going the Veela king and the other Veela are waiting for us." The party was in celebration of the Potter childrens birthday. People filled up the hall of the manor like crazy including the Veela kingdom along with their allies the Nymphs, fairies, and elves. The others that were present at the party was Lucius Malfoy, the King of the Veela, his wife and mate Narcissa Malfoy nee Black, the Queen of the Veela, their heir and the life mate of Harry Potter Draco Lucius Malfoy, the prince of the Veela nation along with the rest of their race. The others that were gathered at this joyous celebration was Sirius Black, James' best friend and Head Auror at the Ministry of Magic, Remus Lupin a werewolf and second best friend of James, and all the other allies and friends of the potters such as the Longbottoms, Bones, and Weasleys along with many Neutral houses. "There you are my dear niece" said Lucius softly as he spotted Lily. "Greetings Uncle Lucius" Lily smiled as she greeted him with a hug. "I would like to introduce to you the youngest of your nieces and nephews Hadrian Morgana Potter." Lucius' eyes gazed