Hey everyone I always enjoyed Harry Potter fanfics where his brother or sister is mistaken as the boy or girl who lived. This is my first try at it. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or any of the characters they belong to J.K Rowling. Voldemort crept towards the house in Godrics Hollow where the Potter family was hiding. With a wave of his wand the front gate slide open with a slight creaking sound. Tonight was the very night that he would finally destroy the very one that was destined to be his downfall. Thats right it was one of the Potters' sons that was going to kill him in the future, but he didn't let that get to him as this would be over in a couple of minutes. As the dark lord came towards the manor he could see in the window James Potter resting on the couch while his two sons were playing on the ground. Then a woman with long red hair and green eyes came into the living room. It was none other than Lily Potter nee Evans. 'filthy mudblood' Voldemort thought as he saw how the woman showed puffs of smoke to the two giggling boys. Waiting long enough he gripped his wand and said the spell as the door was blown off of the hinges. A evil smirk came upon his face. James and Lily were a thorn in his side ever since he once tried to get them to join him but three times they defied him. But letting them feel the pain of losing their children before he killed them off would make it all the sweeter. "Alohamora" he said quietly. The door unlocked itself as the dark lord swept into the manor and made his way into the room that his faithful servant Peter Pettigrew had told him of. He began to seek out the children's room so he would kill the one from the prophecy that he was told by his slippery friend Severus Snape. "Lily its him! take the boys and run" James screamed frantically as he came face to face with the dark lord. He felt the wards trigger but it was already to late. The Potter Lord reached for his wand but he was struck with a stunner before he could even utter a spell. Normally Voldemort would just kill him, but James was a powerful opponent but he promised Severus that he would spare Lily and it would raise to much suspicion if the Potters were dead. The Purebloods began to believe he was favoring Muggleborns. Truth was he didn't hate Muggleborns at all no he was married to one, his beloved Annabelle Guenivere Riddle nee Daniels while most of his followers believe that his wife was really a pureblood due to her being a heir from the Slytherin female line like he was. But the truth was she was descended from a squib line. Some of his elite believe in Pureblood supremacy but most of his followers don't belive in it, Bellatrix Lestrange, her husband, and her sister Narcissa were some examples. They don't hate Muggleborns they just believe that they should stay in the magical world to lower the risk of magic hating muggles discovering their world. "James should have been able to put up a fight" he said as he looked down at the unconsicious Lord. He sighed before continuing towards the stairs silently, he could sense the room that Lily and her sons were hiding. As he opened the locked door with a flick of his wand, he stepped inside and spotted Lily standing in front of the cribs. The two cribs that Lily was guarding inhabited two small boys. One was Harry James Potter who looked like his father thanks to the unruly jet black hair which all Potters had along with his mothers emerald green eyes. The other was James Charles Potter Jr, who had red hair like his mother but wasn't messy like James' hair was and he also inherited Lily's eye color. They looked like little angels as they were watching the confrontation between their mother and the dark lord. 'so one of them is destined to kill me' Voldemort thought to himself. Wormtail had informed him the first born Harry Potter, the heir to the Potter fortune was the first to show signs of magic, while James Jr was the same way he was still magically weaker than his brother. Dumbledore believed Harry was his equal but he would kill them both to ensure his survival. "Please not my babies please" Lily begged. "take me instead." "Step aside foolish girl step aside now" he commanded as he saw her shake her head in denial. "No! not them please! kill me" she begged as she cried for him to show mercy to her sons. "Move now and I will spare you" he hissed but when she refused once again he sighed in frustration. He didn't have time for this as he threw a stunner at her as she slumped to the floor. He carelessly stepped over her form and looked towards the cribs where the two boys were. He would give them a painless death after all magical children were a gift from Lady Magic. He didn't take any pleasure in what he was about to do. He looked towards Harry with a sympathetic look on his face as he raised his wand at the young boy. "forgive me little Harry I didn't want to do this, but you are destined to kill me and I can't let that happen I hope you can forgive me...Avada Kedavra" As the spell left his wand, the green light rushed towards the young boy. As it struck Harry the dark lord had a very sad look on his face, he couldn't believe that he had to kill a baby to ensure his immortality. However in a split second, his eyes widened as the spell engulfed the child. Harry giggled as he held it like a ball and threw it back at him. The impact of the killing curse hit the dark lord head on as he crumpled to the ground. His soul was then wrenched from his body as the last thing he saw was a lightning bolt on Harry's forehead. Dumbledore came to the ruins of the Potter manor when his ward went off alerting him that Voldemort had discovered James and Lily's location. He rushed inside as he saw the still form of his best student, he stumbled over to James as he cast an Enervate. James stirred as he opened his eyes, he felt like he was kicked by a hippagriff. "James! James!" Albus called as James groaned. "Dumbledore?" he said in a hoarse whisper. "thank Merlin" Sirius yelled as he arrived three minutes after Dumbledore. "I thought you were dead" At that moment, James leapt up and dashed upstairs with Albus and Sirius behind him. He rushed to the ruined nursery and took in the scene with ragged breathing. The scene was unbearable, Lily's still form, the pile of rubble, the crumbled ceiling and the trail of blood running down James Jr's face as he cried while Harry was soundly fast asleep. "Lily!" he screamed. "Albus is she?" He whimpered as he couldn't bear to finish the sentence. "She's alive my dear boy" Albus responded as James sagged to the ground in relief. He walked over and helped his wife to her feet, before rushing over to pick up his crying son. "What do you think happened?" Lily asked as she came to conciousness. "May I see James Jr please?" Albus asked as Lily handed over her youngest to him. Dumbledore's brow furrowed as he saw the scar on James Jr's face. It looked normal but it had the scent of death in it. Then it clicked in his mind that he realized that the aura and the maginitude of the unfolding events before him left him completely speechless. "Lily, my dear girl may I present the Boy Who Lived James Charles Potter Jr." "how can that be Albus?" Sirius asked. "There is dark magic surrounding his scar but Harry shows no sign of it surrounding him. Thus leading me to believe that Harry was knocked out by the backlash while the magic of the killing curse surrounded James." Albus explained. "so it is him, he's the one" Lily cried as Dumbledore nodded. "you must understand that you must train him. Voldemort is not truely gone and when he returns he will be his prime target." stated Dumbledore as Lily shuddered. James and Lily rejoiced as they were cuddling and kissing James Jr the savior of the wizarding world while Harry lay forgotten in his crib. -Five years Later- Harry and his brother James Jr were inseperable and they had quite the brotherly bond that rivalled a twin bond. James Jr was the only one in the family that didn't ignore Harry. Whenever his brother was forgotten by James, Lily, Sirius, or Remus he was always there to remind them to add Harry in their family outings, during dinner, mostly all the time. He loved his brother Harry more than anything in the world. He wouldn't go anywhere without him, they did everything together, played Quidditch, studying together in the Potter library, and they always shared everything, from toys to clothes to books. They had the perfect brother relationship and that was worrying James and Lily. They believed Harry was keeping his brother from his training and destiny to save the world from the dark lord. They couldnt have Harry distracting him from his duty to the wizarding world. James was in the kitchen with his wife who was cooking her famous chocolate chip pancakes for her family. The sweet smell of pancakes filled the kitchen as he walked over to his wife and hugged her from behind. "I knew I smelled your famous pancakes" he giggled as he kissed her cheek. "of course but you know the rule you can't taste them before everyone starts eating" she teased as her husband groaned. She giggled as she knew that James was always such a child. Speaking of children her mind went back to James Jr. "James darling I am worried about our son he isn't doing much in his studies and he spends to much time with Harry" she said in a irritating voice. "I know what you mean that brat is keeping our savior from his duties, doesn't he know how important his brother is to our world. He's going to kill the dark lord one day" he said with a sneer as he thought of Harry. They gave him everything he could ever want and he repays them by distracting James Jr, their savior. Lily agreed with James, like him she believed that Harry was just a distraction, dead weight to their perfect family. She also believed that Harry bewitched her darling little savior and she wasn't going to let that happen. "James lets call Albus he'll know what to do" And just like that Dumbledore was called to Potter Manor. When he arrived he was greeted by his favorite students. Lily welcomed him into the kitchen as she offered him tea which he happily accepted it. As the three sat in the kitchen Lily was the first to break the ice. "Albus thank you for coming" said Lily as she placed the coffee cup in front of him. "Think nothing of it my dear girl" Dumbledore smiled as he took a sip of the tea. "ah wonderful tea my dear Lily thank you" James respected Dumbledore he was like a second father to him after his parents Charles and Dorea Potter were killed by Voldemort in the last war. He always followed his advice and was loyal to him and the Order of the Phoenix, he was a true light wizard through and through. Harry and James Jr. were playing with their