Yes, I know! You are educated people and expect a story to have high moral and intellectual standards. And you would never read the colourful papers that tell you all the juicy gossip about Royalties and the like, not even secretly. So you are not interested in how Imrahil of Dol Amroth met his future wife, are you? Spin-off from "Through Shadow"; just a bit of fluff and fun. Hidden Currents Chapter 1 Tol Cobas Bay of Belfalas, Úrime 2986, TA The fact that he had to duck, when stepping out onto the deck of the "Vengeance" made him chuckle. The doors of the captain's cabin being made for much shorter men, the ship could not hide her Umbarian origin, though Calimab had been more than eager to eliminate any traces that the corsair-scum had ever had their paws on her. Pleased with himself, Imrahil of Dol Amroth let his gaze sweep over the slender hull and up to the woad-dyed sails. A true runner she was – and she was his. Walking over to the gunwale, he let his fingers trail the smooth wood. Teak! The very best he had ever seen. And even Calimab's old father, with decades of experience as a shipwright, had been beside himself at the rare quality of the wood and the frame of the ship. He heaved a delighted sigh. No matter how much he hated the southern rats, there was no denying that the bastards knew how to build ships. His grin deepened. And yet that had not saved them from falling prey to Dol Amroth's navy. Not that he would deceive himself that Dol Amroth's boats and seamanship were any better than that what the Umbarians could boast of. The whore-sons simply had not expected the "Sea-wolf" to be hiding in attendance in the sunken crater of Tol Cobas. And even when surprised like that they had put up a grim fight, every single man knowing that no quarter would be given. And now she was his. He flexed his shoulders, fixing the sails with an appraising look. They were making little headway, the wind blowing moderately but solidly from the south-east. They would need constant tacking to steer their intended course towards Tolfalas and the estuary of the Anduin, but if the wind held, which was common at this time of the year, they would have quite a speedy return to Cobas Haven. With the command to tack ringing over deck, he stepped a little back to be out of the sailors' way. It was their first patrol on the "Vengeance" , a hand-picked crew, cutlass-happy sea dogs, eager to hunt down every corsair who dared to turn up in as much as a log-boat near the shores of Belfalas. And all of them were more than excited as they were heading for Tol Cobas, the very spot Ossë had given their enemies into their hands, and what was more, had provided them with a prize beyond imagination. Sacrifices to the Unreliable-one and his sweet spouse Uinen they would offer, thanking them for their victory and pleading for their further support. He knew only too well how important that gesture was for the superstitious lot on board and he had ensured that it would be something they would remember. The corsair captain's scimitar, an impressive weapon made of finely damascened steel, the hilt studded heavily with precious stones, would go overboard into the fathomless depths of the crater and also the massive golden necklace the Umbarian had worn, distinguishing him as a member of Umbar's nobility. A smile crept over his features. He might let go of a treasure, but it would win him the hearts of his crew. And was it not more important than anything else to show them that he was able to forsake riches to ensure their well-being? "Happy with what you see, Captain?" Grinning from ear to ear, Maeron, his first mate and close friend from childhood, appeared at his side. "Happy? Just happy?" Throwing back his head, Imrahil spread out his arms. "Look at her, feel the way she moves, her elegance. And you ask me if I'm happy?" Heaving a deep breath, he shook his head. "No, I'm not happy. I'm delighted, excited, drunk with exhilaration. I..." The heeling of the tacking ship stopped his enthusiastic gush and made him grab for his friend's shoulder. "Ossë's balls." Maeron chortled with laughter. "You really seem to be tight. Shall I assist you to your bunk and place the bucket you'll need next morning in front of it?" Laughing, Imrahil punched him in the ribs. "Let's hope that this kind of jaggedness doesn't cause any hangover, for if it does, I swear I'm dead. I feel that there's nothing else I might wish for, now that this ship is mine." With mock-disapproval, Maeron shook his head. "Pirate-spawn! If I didn't know better I would assume you've got brine in your veins." Side by side they went to the bow. The sea stretched before them, greenish-blue, swinging in a low, lazy swell. What a day! Maeron's soft chuckle caught Imrahil's attention, and he gazed at him quizzically. "You really look as if you have just made love to this hovel of planks and sails, Imrahil. I'm afraid you are lost to all members of the fairer sex now." Grinning, Imrahil shrugged. "Perhaps I am. At least at the moment no woman in all this Middle-earth could tempt me." "No woman?" Maeron looked sceptical. "Even if Ossë sent you one of his mermaids?" Imrahil laughed. "I doubt that Ossë has such a thing in mind. Has he not already favoured me more than enough, giving me the chance to capture a ship like this?" Turning serious, he shook his head. "No, Maeron. I'm afraid there won't be any mermaid for me, nor for anybody else. Have an eye on the men tonight, will you? I don't grudge them the celebration, but make sure there are no drunken bodies." His friend shrugged. "You don't need to worry. They all had their fill of booze ashore and won't neglect their duties. And what is more, you have a way with the men and they would rather be hacked into pieces than disappoint you." "I know." A wry grin played around Imrahil's lips. "And I would never doubt their valour and commitment. But believe me: Not a few of them find it much easier to risk their life in battle than to forego wenches and booze." ooooo She heaved herself over the low side of the little boat and then simply stayed lying on deck, drawing her knees up to her chest. No freshwater! She had had so much hope, spotting the patches of greenery up on the steep slopes of the islet. And entering the natural harbour of what had to be a sunken crater had seemed so treacherously promising. Sure, the large patches of sea-lavender covering the beach above the flood line had been no evidence for drinkable water. Being a child of the Falas, she knew that those flowers thrived on brackish water, unfit for human consumption. But the copse up there below the looming wall of the black rock... She sighed and sat up, leaning against the outboard planks. It had been exhausting to trudge up there, and it had been totally in vain. The trees had proved to be low, wind-crippled figs, their gnarled roots gripping the thin covering of soil, plunging into every crevice of the rock, but there had been no sign of the water she had hoped for. No spring, not even a puddle, though the residue in some shallow hollows of the rock had hinted that there had to be stagnant water, at least after a rainfall. A rainfall! There was next to no chance of it, Úrime always being the driest month. She had checked the trees for fruit, but had only found a few unripe ones and she knew better than to eat those. Snuffling determinedly, she scolded herself for being pathetic. And silly on top of all. She needed water and if she was to find some she had to move. She licked her chapped lips. Idiotic, how she had troubled her mind with so many things that might occur on her flight, but the lack of water had never been one of them. She swallowed, the dryness of her mouth almost making it impossible. She had known that old Limdir kept a small keg below the thwart like all fishermen, and sailing as close to the shore as possible without being recognised as a woman, she had expected to be able to refill it where streamlets and small rivers emptied into the sea. What she had not considered was the fact that such spots, providing access to the sea and freshwater in one, were perfect locations for human settlements, be it little hamlets or just the temporary camps of herders who drove their animals there because the everlasting breeze from the sea kept the bot-flies at bay. There had been no chance to get any water unseen, and even if the villagers had not heard yet about the events on Tolfalas, a young woman alone in a fishing boat would have aroused curiosity and no doubt set her pursuers on her tracks all too soon. She rolled her shoulders and passed a hand over her tear-smeared face. She had been crying all the way back to the boat, disappointed, exhausted, but wailing did not help. If she wanted to reach Anfalas alive, she needed water. She knew approximately where she was, having recognized the jutting cliffs of Dol Amroth the day before. Passing that vivid port and the fairway that led towards it had almost frightened her out of her wits and she had continued sailing at night. The wind had been in her favour, a constant though gentle breeze from south-east, but now she found it difficult to say how much headway she had been making with the help of the small rectangular sail of the boat. Her map showed several small islands in the Bay of Belfalas, all of them marked as uninhabited, but she was not sure how far she might have entered into the bay of Cobas Haven where the Ringló flowed into the bay, the ancient harbour of Edhellond on its banks. That area she wanted to avoid under all circumstances. She needed to head north-west, making for the coast of Calenhir and risk the first opportunity to refill her keg. If that went well, she would follow the shore further west. There were settlements on the banks of the Lefnui and perhaps there even was a chance to change the boat for a horse to continue... She shook her head. It was futile to think too far ahead and lose oneself in daydreams. Sooner or later the news of her disappearance would even reach as far as Anfalas and people would be clever enough to put two and two together. The only thing she could hope for was that Thólinnas would feel so insulted and disgusted with her behaviour that he would be willing to call the marriage off. Though given what a greedy prick he was, she couldn't even be sure of that. She clenched her fists. No way would she go back to Tolfalas! Let her parents sell the island to the Lord of Pelargir, but not with her as the cherry on the cake. But first things first. Water! With a groan she rose. The tide had come in while she had been trudging up the slope and the anchor rope was tightening. She let her gaze wander to where the spurs of the rocky beach reached out into the sea like two encircling arms, leaving only a narrow gap to pass into the natural harbour. The pressure of the tide through the channel was visible even from where her boat was anchored in the shallows. She would