So I'm back to get rid of some hoggish Rohirrim, plundering my stocks of food and booze. They better be warned! ;-D (If you don't understand the remark, have a look at "Visitors" if you like.) Well, in this place just imagine the usual "all Tolkien's and the Estate's" except for the weird sidekicks. As this is a sequel to "Choppy Waters" it might be useful to have read that story first, but I don't think it to be absolutely necessary to understand this one. If there is any native speaker out there, knowing about grammar and commas: I would really appreciate some help. I tried to find a beta-reader via the list, but up to now in vain. Chapter 1 Edoras, Yavannie, 3020, Third Age Absent-mindedly Éomer grabbed his mug of small ale, never averting his eyes from the script in front of him. In his scribe's spidery handwriting the reports from the Westfold were listed, confirming what he himself had noticed during last week's tour through that part of the realm: Though the situation still was far from splendid, there was no danger of any lack of food and housing in the coming winter. Some shortages here and there would have to be buffered, as still too few fields had been fit for sowing, but all in all they were making good progress. The first Gondorean traders had arrived with waggons of wheat in Edoras only one week after his own return from Dol Amroth, the Gondoreans being eager to get at the pelts and woollen cloth for their great fairs before the winter might set in and make the passage through Dunharg impossible. He could not help a smirk; they must have set off as soon as the result of the negotiations had been out, well before he himself had left. Contentedly he leaned back: Rohan truly had to offer something again. Taking up the quill, he started to tick off those of the listed villages the commissioned supplies had been sent to. The worst was fended off, and except for those lands directly bordering on the Isen, all former fields would be tilled coming spring. Deep in thought he sucked his teeth. They needed storehouses to keep the seeds from harm, and for that they needed timber. He sighed. The lack of wood was one general problem of the Mark. True, there were forests on the mountain-slopes, but they had already been heavily exploited before the war. Not that much for firing, as peat was used by most, but for housing, the traditional way of building, reaching back to the times in the densely-wooded vales of the upper Anduin, having changed little. Building a wooden house or hall was a matter of pride and prestige. Erkenbrand had been given a lot of trouble with the uncoordinated and reckless felling of trees on the steep slopes of the Westfold Vale below Thrihyrne that brought about the danger of avalanches in winter, endangering complete settlements. He took a hearty swig. No, he did not envy Erkenbrand, but that fellow was more than capable and had things well in hand. Nevertheless, whatever support could be sent to the Westfold should be sent there. He ran his hand through his hair. The parts north of the Fords still were severely affected … perhaps he should withdraw his people from there at least for some years till the soil had recovered from Saruman's filth. The area had been but sparely populated, so not too great a number would have to be put up somewhere else. South of the Fords settlements and even villages were denser, and with the loss of men in the war, every helping hand would be appreciated to toil the fields there, and the effort would all in all be much more promising for the people of the destroyed settlements in the northern parts of the Westfold than trying in vain to survive in the lands laid waste by the war. He just had to pay attention not to settle them outside of Erkenbrand's influence to avoid rivalries among the Lords. He chuckled. That would keep his counsellors on their toes for quite a while. Letting pass the well known villages before his inner eye, he pondered, how many evacuees could be taken in at each place without causing problems. Feohwic: but a small village, the complete housing intact, mostly dairy cattle … that might well be an opportunity to put up some sturdy widows. Storwang: large fields, oats, barley, some potato and turnip fields … here men were needed, or at least half-grown boys, to do the field work. Céapham: a large and quite prosperous village, with a regular market and a quite famous or rather infamous inn, well-frequented by the Éoreds ... Darn! He should not have bonked that woman on his way back from Helm's Deep last week . Cursing under his breath, he shoved the parchment away and reached again for his mug, only to notice that it was empty. Why had that plonker Éothain taken quarters there? With an angry move he pushed back his chair, nearly knocking it over. It was inept to put the blame on the captain of his guard, and he well knew. When travelling to the Westfold they had always stopped over at Céapham, and in the passing years he and Théodred had spent more than one drunken night at that inn, relishing not only the offers the cellar and kitchen did provide. It would have given cause to gossip had he avoided the inn now, and what was more: There was no other inn around for miles. He should not have drunk that much. As quickly as the thought had formed he discarded it. He had drunk to avoid the wenches, especially Edith, once his and Théodred's favourite, a buxom honey-blonde with a fresh mouth, vulgar but witty, and remarkably lissome. He had been afraid he would think of the woman he really wanted to be with, the one he loved, being in Edith's bed and embrace, and he still was puzzled he had thought of nothing, once he had ended up there, his brain simply seeming to have evaporated. Béma's balls, what an idiot he had been . He went over to the jug on the sideboard to refill his mug. It had been his own fault: He had not been drinking fast enough to pass out in time. So when the ribald jokes around him had started, the challenges, jibes and suggestions, and when Edith at last had stated to the roaring laughter of the other customers that the Gondorean whores had obviously sucked him dry, he had just been soused enough to rise to the challenge quite literally. He could as well not pretend to have been totally drunk, as he had still been well able to perform and even had had enough wits left to pull out in time. He snorted. That would be the last thing he was looking forward too: His bastards running around by the dozen, though he well expected the women at the inn to take precautions. How could it be that he had felt so completely off balance? He could not even claim that he had acted to ease his body's tension, as he had not lusted after Edith, nor felt the urge for some romp in general, he had just felt provoked. No, he could not blame it on Éothain, as much as he would have liked to, it had simply been his dratted male pride. He shook his head and sat down at his desk, pulling the list close again, but instead of resuming his work, his gaze went to the sunlit square of the window. What if he had resisted? The whistles and applauding roars as he had swept the wench off her feet had shown what his men had expected him to do, but he had not even felt satisfied when he had finally jerked off, but rather as if he had accomplished some duty. Théodred's duty of old. The leader to prove his virility. Remembering that feeling was nauseating. Never before had he lain with a woman without feeling passion, without the urge to give himself, the need to feel the woman's response. What if the Valar punished him for it? What if he would drag that numbness into his marital bed? How could he have bedded a woman without thinking of his betrothed? With a pang of self-loathing he realized he was avoiding to even think her name, lest she be affected by his deadheartedness. Did she expect him to stay celibate? He looked into his mug, as if the answer might be found at its bottom. She had three elder brothers, so surely she knew … He put the mug down with an angry thud. He had to stop fooling himself. This was not about a man's urge, it was about his fear that his leadership might be inadequate. He gritted his teeth. This had to end! He might be King of the Mark, but he would not allow kingship to govern his bed. He had performed as they expected, but by Béma, that was not to happen again! "Éomer?" The head of his friend and Captain of the Guard Éothain poked through the opened door. "There's a group of craftsmen and some messenger from Dol Amroth to see you." Seeing the king's enquiring look, Éothain shook his head. "No, not the usual bloke. If I remember correctly he had been Erchirion's squire during the war. Don't ask me why he acts the messenger now. Maybe it's something crucial and Imrahil did not trust it to any ordinary carrier." For a split second Éomer felt the blood leave his head. Béma, how fast could gossip travel? But then he braced himself. No way Imrahil or anyone in Dol Amroth could know by now about Céapham, and if they did and took offence, he would have to tough it out. He would not back off. Rising from his desk, he raked through his hair with both hands and followed his friend to the hall. As soon as he entered, he spotted the small group of Gondoreans, his attention being especially drawn towards a tall grey-bearded man, standing at the forefront. While the others deferently lowered their heads at the entrance of Rohan's king, the grey-beard paid him no heed at all, being absorbed in the inspection of the rich carvings on the wooden columns and beams, and even when Éomer had already stepped onto the dais, he continued his examination, even tugging his neighbour's sleeve, pointing up to some special joint in the timber-work of the ceiling. Finally being made aware by his highly embarrassed neighbour that the king was present, the man turned towards Éomer, giving him but a short appraising look, and then glanced back once more at the intricate carvings, a mixture of admiration and regret in his eyes, before he finally bowed respectfully. Now a young man in the colours of Dol Amroth stepped forward, and bending his knee, he presented the king with a very formal-looking scroll of vellum, the official seal with Imrahil's coat of arms affixed to it. No doubt it was Anardil, Erchirion's squire. Breaking the seal, Éomer unrolled the parchment and swiftly scanned it. A through and through official document. Skipping the circuitous addressing and long-winded display of titles, he pried for the virtual message, trying to show absolute composure, while he felt his heart beating in his throat. He read … blinked … read again and still found it hard to believe, yet there it was, written in the ornamental script they preferred in Gondor, sealed not only with Imrahil's signet but as well with the princess' flower-framed swan: At the request of the revered Princess Lothíriel of Dol Amroth her Lord Father, Imrahil, Prince of Dol Amroth and the Grand Council licensed the access to her dowry ahead of schedule. As