It is not necessary to have read any of my stories to follow this one, but it certainly would help to get the joke. Chapter I "Verdoori nomal!" Her face below the tattered headscarf turning red with rage, the plump, elderly farmer lifted her head with a frown. From the meadow behind the barn came the protesting screams and cackles of her hens and then she saw them running like mad for the hedges. Those bloody mongrels again, no doubt! Jumping up from where she had been crouching in her vegetable beds, weeding the spinach patch lest they would have to feed on chickweed instead, she hefted her sturdy four-pronged hoe and rushed towards the gate. This time she would not accept her new neighbour's lame excuses as to why he didn't have his dogs under control! She was still fumbling with the jamming gate – she had told that husband of hers a thousand times to repair it – when a new sound made her stop dead. Someone was giggling on the other side of the barn. She stood, straining her ears. No doubt: There was the giggle again, and then she heard a voice, speaking too softly for her to understand what was said. Someone, some women were on her premises! Probably idiotic tourists, attracted by the lambs, frolicking in the old orchard. But how could they have got into the meadow? There was a reason she had fixed the bolts of the gate with a sturdy lock! Having finally managed the gate, she stomped along the back of the barn. The soft bulge of the old terp, built more than a thousand years ago by the first settlers in the marshes, lay in the pale spring sun, empty but for a pair of wagtails, curtsying and circling each other. No sign of the sheep. So probably they really were in the orchard. Those stupid tourist tarts have better closed the gate behind them if they meant to get out of here with all their limbs still attached! She was just about to turn the far corner of the barn when she heard new sounds: the distinct snorting of a horse and the shuffling of hooves. Her mood improved at once, and expecting her friend's daughter, she turned the corner only to stop again in her tracks, blinking like a drunken owl. Holy cow, what had been in that home-made mirabelle schnaps she had had at her friend's an hour ago? Planting her hoe on the ground in an attempt to steady herself, she took a gulping breath. Instead of the one horse she had expected there were three, two greys and a shiny dark chestnut that no way could be taken for her friend's good old Wally. And neither did the riders resemble her friend's chubby daughter. Her brow in a deep frown, the farmer took stock: three women dressed in what seemed to be medieval riding garb, two of them in their mid-twenties, tall, slim, one of them that blonde that her hair almost seemed to be white while the other sported a thick jet-black braid, both of them grey-eyed, with the kind of natural beauty that would make any Hollywood actress hide in shame. But it was the third one that really arrested her gaze. Twice the younger women's age, shorter and nowhere as lean, she radiated natural self-assurance and easy elegance as well as the kind of all-encompassing sensuality that made men drool and women feel an envy no shade of green in the whole world could suffice to depict. Her auburn hair, the richness of which was only highlighted by the one grey strand at her temples, was held back in a voluminous bun, covered by a finely worked hair net. With a pang of realisation the farmer could not help the urge to pull the old headscarf tighter around the greying stubble her own head sported. Their eyes met, mistrustful blue-grey and deep, warm brown, and then the auburn-haired woman smiled, and pulling off an embroidered blue suede glove which the farmer could not help but notice was probably worth more than her garden would yield in an entire year, the stranger reached out a well-manicured hand. "Well-met, mistress Thanwen." Not again! The farmer suppressed a groan of annoyance. Why could they not just leave her alone? It had been more than enough that she had let herself be pressed into writing what turned out to be a monster of forty-five chapters by that nuisance of a king some years ago... Two, or three already? For a split second she was at a loss. How time flew! But anyhow, such a thing would not happen to her again! She ignored the proffered hand and clutched her hoe, glaring at her counterpart. "Well, as you seem to know my name, may I learn who you are and what you want?" The auburn haired woman raised a carefully plucked eyebrow: "As for who we are: I was convinced you would recognize us. I'm Gelíris, Princess of Dol Amroth, and my companions are the Lady Éowyn, Princess of Ithilien, and my daughter Lothíriel, Queen of Rohan." With an angry huff, the farmer grimaced. "I don't care about titles. What business do you have on my premises? And don't for one second expect me to my lady or princess you." The blonde laughed. "Béma's horn! Éomer did not exaggerate when he called you the most impolite woman he had ever met." The farmer shot her an angry glare. "What goes around comes around. And anyway: Frisian farmers have never bowed to any lord save the ones they elected themselves. We do not call ourselves frea Fresena for nothing!" The blonde nodded, still grinning. "That I can see. And I can perfectly understand your wrath, as you had to deal with my imposing brother. He can be quite full of himself at times." The farmer rolled her eyes, but before she could come up with a stinging remark, the black-haired woman interposed. "He certainly can, and I'm far from excusing his behaviour. But you have to admit that you made him pay dearly for his insolence. That nightmare was simply cruel." "Cruel?" The farmer put her free hand on her hip. "It was exactly what he deserved. He blackmailed me, after having devoured the foodstuffs I had prepared for Yule." The Queen of Rohan vigorously shook her head. "I assure you, he certainly didn't know about the food being put aside for Yule or he would not have touched it." That gained her nothing but a haughty snort. "Really? But blackmail is all right? And what about the booze? No, Lothíriel, he may be your lord and husband and you may love him and therefore want to excuse his behaviour, but he knew only too well he was making an inroad on my supplies as well as absolutely getting on my tits, err... nerves, I mean." Éowyn snorted with laughter, but the farmer continued her ranting. "I am sure it was his strategy to behave like an entire sunder of boars to make me want to get rid of him as soon as possible." "And if he did, do you hold us responsible for Éomer King's behaviour?" Princess' Gelíris voice was as smooth and cool as freshly fallen powdersnow. "What are we? His appendages? You should know better than that." The farmer had the sinking feeling of being beaten with her own weapons. Glaring angrily at the princess, she hooked her thumb under her apron string. "Well, I suppose you are not. But what do you want here? You cannot really expect me not to be suspicious after what happened last time some of your lot visited." Princess Gelíris removed her second glove. "I'm afraid I cannot claim to know exactly what happened when my son-in-law visited, mistress Thanwen, but I assure you that none of us intends to give you any trouble." "Sure, as long as I play along and do your bidding." The farmer's voice was bitter. "He came with the plan to get a sequel of his story by all means, not even shrinking from threats and blackmail. And now you expect me to believe that you just drop by because you are bored and thought to pay a visit for auld lang syne ?" "Not really," Éowyn admitted. "We.." All of a sudden a shrill noise sounded from the farmer's apron pocket, causing the horses to prick up their ears and side-step. With a frown the farmer reached into her pocket, shaking her head at the nervous mounts. "It's just the alarm clock I set, not to forget about the bread I put in the oven. I have to get it out." For a moment she hesitated, scanning the women in front of her with a frown, and then she shrugged. "Well, I'm in a hurry. So I suppose you had better come in. And get the saddles inside too; it looks like it might rain. Put the horses in the barn or leave them to pasture. There's grass enough if they get along with sheep. And don't forget to close the gate properly." Turning on her heel, she made for the house, but it did not escape her that the three women exchanged a quick glance before starting to take the saddles off their steeds. Grumbling under her breath, she opened the back door. A waft of warm air, smelling mouth-wateringly of fresh bread, filled her nostrils. With a sigh she removed the gardening clogs and apron and went to scrub her hands. She had probably just made the mistake of her life, inviting those three, but what was she to do? They certainly would not have left just like that. Toweling her hands with more energy than necessary, she grimaced. It was no use to try to deceive herself: She thought she knew what the three had come for and was thrilled at the possibility of a challenge. And she was more than curious as to how they would try to convince her. She was busy replacing the loaves with the pies she had had ready for baking on the kitchen shelf, when the three women came in from the barn, boots in hand. She could not help a grin. Someone obviously had informed them about the rules of the house. Taking the boots from them to put them out in the drying shed, she jerked her head towards the bathroom. "You can wash your hands over there. Towels are on the shelf." But when she came back inside, she found all three of them examining the bathroom rather than cleaning their hands. "He said there is a button or a kind of lever somewhere. You probably have to press here, Éowyn." Reaching over the blonde's shoulder, Lothíriel pressed the button to flush the loo, causing the water to rush into the bowl and the two young women to giggle excitedly. "That's really fun, and so practical." With a broad smile, Gelíris, who had been examining the sink and the tap, turned towards her. "Pray, can you really make hot water flow any time you want?" The farmer shook her head. "No, only when the boiler is on. It heats enough water to fill a tub, but then it needs some time to heat the next fill. But I prefer to take a shower anyway." Opening the glass door of the shower cabinet, she explained the taps. "Here you adjust the amount of water and here the temperature. And here you can vary the water jet." Admiring, Geliris passed her hand over the white and blue tiles. "How very comfortable to have such a facility." A lazy smile started to play around her full lips. "And one can use it without the help of any servant. And its so spacious, certainly two people would fit in here cosily." The farmer grinned. "Certainly. That was the basic idea when my husband built