Chapter 1 Thistle and Thorn But Éomer said: "Where is the Lady Éowyn, my sister; for surely she should be lying beside the king, and in no less honour? Where have they bestowed her?" And Imrahil said: "But the Lady Éowyn was yet living when they bore her hither. Did you not know?" Then hope unlooked for came so suddenly to Éomer's heart, and with it the bite of care and fear renewed, that he said no more, but turned and went swiftly from the hall; and the Prince followed him. quoted from: The Houses of Healing; The Return of the King; Book Five by J.R.R. Tolkien. Minas Tirith, 17th March, 3019, Third Age " Fréa, watch your back!" Her voice shrilled over the din of the battle, yet Fréalaf, Squire of the Prince, did not heed it, his attention focussed on the Dunlending trying to assail Prince Théodred from the left. Being engaged in fierce combat with three more attackers, the prince had not noticed the danger yet and but for his squire's alertness the Hillman might have succeeded. Steel clanked, as their swords met, Fréalaf bending low on his horse to intercept the Dunlending's blow. Sweeping his own blade up, the Rider caught his opponent right under the chin, slashing throat and jaw in one strike, just as at his master's command the prince's charger reared, thrashing hooves crushing down on the other Hillman's head and shoulders, leaving but a pulp of mangled flesh and facial bones. Taking on one of the two remaining foes that still assaulted the prince, Fréalaf wedged his horse between the Dunlending and Théodred, thus shielding his lord. He was bringing his sword down in a mighty thrust, aiming at the vulnerable space just below the visor, when the gelding's hind legs gave way, the sinews of one being slashed by a cruel blade. Pulling his feet out of the stirrups and flinging himself off, out of the reach of the convulsing body, was a movement often trained, but just as Fréalaf was trying to gain his feet again, the axe came down on his back, splitting cuirass and bones in a vile thud. Unable to move, she stood and watched, her view obscured by shrouds of thickening mist, as Théodred reined his destrier in, to come to his squire's aid, but his movements were strangely decelerated, and even before the whole scene faded into grey before her helpless eyes she knew he would be too late. And then there was only Fréalaf's dead body, lying face down on the cold and empty plain, fog swirling about him, blood oozing from the gaping wound, pooling around his lifeless form, rising like some terrible tide, covering the plain to the horizon. " Fréa!" With a sobbing cry she tried to move, to reach him, pull him close, but she as well seemed to be caught in the eerie heaviness. That eerie heaviness, muffling every sound and reducing her pace to that of a swimmer, fighting against a strong current. She stumbled, and sinking to her knees, her outstretched hands sank wrist-deep in the blood. Out of the mist, a black shadow congealed, crowned yet faceless, looming before her, a deadly mace in its hands, fear streaming from it like liquid ice, choking her with deadly dread, slowing her heartbeat and causing her blood to freeze. Then, as she felt she would crumple, unable to bear the threatening menace any longer, the terrible form stooped before her, a piercing cry flying from the invisible mouth. " Éowyn, Éowyn!" The Halfling's voice cut through her numbness and with a last desperate gathering of her strength she thrust her sword into the gap between hauberk and crown. The shriek of a female voice brought her to her senses, her gaze catching sight of a young woman in plain grey garb, crouched against a whitewashed wall, an upturned serving tray at her feet amidst some broken crockery and the spilled contents. "There, my lady, steady." Another woman's voice caught her attention, an even, low-pitched voice, seeming somehow familiar, and turning her head, she noticed a middle-aged woman in the same grey raiment beside her bed. Her bed? Why was she in bed? What had happened to her? What was wrong with her left arm? Sitting up, she looked about and only then did it dawn on her: Mundburg... the battle on the Pelennor...Théoden King falling…and the evil shadow of the dwimmerlaik coming down out of the sky to devour him. She shuddered, clutching herself with her uninjured arm, puzzled at the lasting numbness. "Are you awake, my lady? Do you hear me?" The elder of the two women came closer, intelligent light-brown eyes perusing her face realised she knew the woman. She had been one of the healers who had set her arm… Mareth, she was, senior healer Mareth. "Yes," Éowyn confirmed, her voice hoarse, "Yes, I am awake now. What happened?" Helping the younger woman up, the healer just shrugged. "You apparently had a nightmare of some kind and mistook Anwen for something dangerous." Frowning Éowyn eyed the slim figure that now started to clean up the shards and the spilled food: a girl rather than a woman, certainly not older that sixteen at the most. The veil covering her head, that all female healers wore, had come askew, revealing dark hair, combed back from the delicate face, dominated by large light-grey eyes. Noticing her gaze, the girl blushed. "I wanted to bring you some breakfast, my lady, and I hadn't realized you were in a dream, when I bent over you." Appraising the distance between her bed and the spot the girl had been crouching, Éowyn addressed her, trying to hide her embarrassment and solicitude under a mask of cool politeness: "I assure you I did not intend to disconcert you. I dreamt of…being attacked. Did I hurt you?" The young healer shook her head. "No, you just pushed me away." With a low chuckle, the elder healer rearranged the girl's veil. "Some learn it the hard way. I told you, Dear: Never approach, let alone touch a patient before addressing him first. There are healers who have suffered worse. Anwen, you were lucky, just imagine it had been Grimboern." The girl blushed profoundly and made to leave the room to discard the mess, only to be stopped by Mareth's low voice. "When you've finished, go and fetch a new breakfast tray from the kitchens." "No," Éowyn interrupted, "I don't feel hungry. I will tell you if I want any breakfast." She was not letting these healers force anything on her, be it only food. "Very well then, my lady." Mareth seemed not to be impressed at all by her rebuke. "We'll leave some tea though, just in case you should want to slake your thirst later. Just turn a little to the right now, will you, and let me straighten your sheets." "I'll get up," Éowyn retorted haughtily. She was no cripple, nobody would keep her in bed. Swinging her legs over the edge of the bed, she sat up, clutching the sheets as the sudden dizziness assaulted her. Trying hard not to gag, she forced herself to keep her eyes open, sensing the healer's scrutinizing gaze. After a while the faintness passed, leaving her covered in cold sweat. With a mixture of embarrassment and fury she realised that she needed to pass water. She was not going to use the chamberpot in front of these Gondoreans like some invalid! "Do you feel able to stand?" Mareth's sceptical tone was the last straw. Feet slightly apart, clenching her uninjured fist, her eyes blazing, Éowyn rose. Totally unimpressed by her glare, the healer nodded and went over to open the window. "Some fresh air will do you good." That level voice! Éowyn felt like kicking the woman. She nevertheless welcomed the draught of air coming in through the window, speaking of cool, untouched freshness. "I suppose you might wish to relieve yourself." The healer did not even bother to turn towards her, thus clarifying the humiliating aspect as what it was: natural and inevitable. Carefully masking her fury, Éowyn nodded and stepped towards the screened off area of the room that she remembered held a washstand and chamberpot. The healer approached as well, uncovering the commode for her. For a short moment their eyes met. "You tell me what kind of help you need, my lady." "None," Éowyn snarled, pushing herself past the healer. "Very well then, I'll just go to fetch some sheets to freshen your bed." Her face not giving away anything, Mareth bobbed her head to Éowyn and left the room. Making use of the moment of privacy given to her, Éowyn struggled to gather the folds of the voluminous nightgown, swearing under her breath at the limited use of her hands. Her broken arm throbbed dully, though not in the hot and prodding way that would indicate an infection, and anyway, she would rather break her arm again than admit the pain she felt. She was more concerned about that numbness in her right arm, though the healers had assured her, that would lessen, given the due time and regular exercise. But the thing that really brought her to the point of jumping out of her skin was the dratted weakness that caused her to depend on help. ooo Having finished her morning ablutions and being tucked in with fresh sheets, Éowyn could but admit to herself that she was glad to be back in bed, as she felt weak and wobbly like never before in her life. She was grateful to finally be left alone, and facing the ever brightening square of the window, that the healer had left open at her request, she let her mind drift. How long had it been since she last had dreamt of Fréalaf's death? She sighed, trying to bury deeper into her pillow. She had thought of him more than once in those joyless years at Meduseld, watching over her uncle's faltering steps, desperately trying to hold Wormtongue's influence over him at bay, but the nightmare of his death had never occurred at that time. Her nights had been bleak, her dreams haunted by Gríma's whispers, his pale face with those clever, heavy-lidded eyes, his clammy hands groping for her. Those had been the years when she had bolted her room door and her heart, closing out all but her brother and Théodred. She frowned. Those long years of servitude to a king and a country she once had loved and admired, years in which she saw the strength and pride of both crumple, until there was nothing but a pale shade of what she had once felt in her heart, leaving her soul barren and empty, frozen over like the black tarns at the foot of the mountains. How she missed him! Fréalaf "Freckles", her childhood friend, her comrade and ally against her often high-handed and over-protective brother, Théodred's squire after Éomer had found out years later, that the young Rider was sweet on his sister. He would have drowned him in the trough in the stable yard but for Théodred's intervention. Dear Théodred, who had understood her like nobody else, her friend, protector, substitute father. A great warrior, heir to the throne, sixteen years her elder, and yet he had always had an open ear for a little girl's sorrows. She swallowed hard, feeling her eyes burn with unshed tears. Her protector he had remained till his death at the Fords. He had taken her and Fréalaf's part against both his father and her brother, moving the lad out of Éomer's reach by taking him into service as his squire in the Westfold. Her Fréa … eighteen years he had been when he had fallen, defending his Lord in an ambush, seven years ago. It had been Théodred who had brought her the ill news himself, causing her to plummet into an