November 2011, somewhere on the coast of northern Germany... Balancing on one leg, the plump, red-haired woman tried to get out of her muddy wellies, at the same time opening the back door to let the dog in, that was eager to get out of the cold drizzle. She herself did neither mind rain nor November, being used to the gusty weather of the coast, but this endless drabness was driving her bonkers. Entering the utility room did not improve her mood though, as the smell of wet wool and horse hit her nostrils. Cursing in at least three different languages, she removed her rapidly steaming up glasses with an impatient movement. Why had that dolt of a husband hung up those damp saddle blankets in the utility room? She loved her husband dearly, having grown ever the fonder of his absolute reliability during the past decades of their married life, not to talk about other qualities, but sometimes men simply were not practical. Deciding she had better hang them in the drying shed, she grabbed the blankets … and blinked. What the effing... What she had taken for blankets seemed to be some sort of cloaks, long woollen cloaks, made of dark green cloth, lined at the edges with some sturdy linen band of the same colour. Her brain started to do somersaults, while she examined the cloth with an expert's eyes. Cloth, looking like some handwoven twill made of homespun yarn, obviously carded on the outer face to create a smooth windproof and water repellent surface. Some blokes of the local Medieval Times Society that got part of their sheep's wool every year? No way!The quality of the cloth was simply too good to have been made by that bunch of dabblers. Well, first things first! Throwing the cloaks over her shoulder, she made for the door, careful not to step on the cloth, which was quite a task, as she was little more than 1,60 meters tall. She knew it was not her day, when she stepped into the puddle right in front of the shed. She should have known better than crossing the yard on socks! Gritting her teeth, she hung up the voluminous garments and got out of her soaked footwear as well. Entering the utility room again, she found that the old Newfoundland dog had shaken itself thoroughly in the meantime, leaving wet and muddy sprinkles all over the place. She should have come in through the stables! Though that might have caused a train of straws being spread through the whole house... Grumbling she took her wellies and opened the door to the boot room. The stench that emanated through the only slightly opened door nearly made her retch! Pinching her nose closed with one hand, she rushed in, slamming the door shut behind her to prevent the beastly fetor from evaporating through the house. She flung the window open and looked for the source of the miasma, when her gaze fell on three pairs of top boots, riding boots by the shape of the heels. Carefully she sniffed. No, not the boots, but some square woollen rags placed on the drying rack. Foot rags! Who the hell wore anything like that … and obviously for at least a decade at a stretch? Holding them at arm's length, she carried the rags over to the shed as well, cursing anew when she realised that she had forgotten to put on her slippers and now was padding across the yard barefoot. At least when she entered the large farmhouse kitchen, her mood softened under the soothing influence of warmth and the delicious smell of freshly baked bread. Her husband's bread was praised by all of their friends. Yet the mellow temper did not last for too long, as one look into the oven told her that two of the three loaves that usually made up one fill were already gone. The soft clinking of glass brought her attention to the cellar door and with a crate of beer in one hand, her husband entered the kitchen. "Hi, dear, you've got visitors." His face gave nothing away, which normally was an absolute certain hint for mischief. "And who?" One look at the crate told her that six bottles had already gone down someone's gullet. "Some blokes. Three that is. Don't understand all they say, but at least it seems to be some kind of English. They asked for some "Mistress Thanwen". That's the name you use on the net, isn't it?" "You're not telling me that some blokes who read my stories on the net popped in to say hello on some long distance ride through Europe, are you?" Her voice oozed with sarcasm. Her husband had complained more than once about the time she spent in front of her PC, and now he obviously had engaged some morons from the Rural Youth Organisation to play a trick on her. A wry smile crinkled her husband's eyes. "No, not really. I didn't say they were English, did I? They just speak English... at least that's what I think it is. So I told them to wait for you. And as we couldn't talk, I dished out some bread and beer." She snorted. "The three most important things in life: boozing, gorging and bonking. I'm just grateful you left out the last one." He just shrugged. "It would not have been acceptable anyway. One of them is a boy." Probably one of her students involved! She felt her hackles rise. Without a word she swept past her husband and crossing the hallway, jerked the door to the parlour open, only to stop mid-movement at the displayed view. What shocked her was not the fact that the room smelled of horse. More than once friends or students stopped for a talk and a glass while on a hack; they were "horse-country". Nor was it something new to find total strangers sitting in the living room when coming home. They had quite a reputation as sheep people and there were always friends giving their address to fellow breeders. It did not surprise her either that all three of her visitors sported long braided hair in different shades of blond. They had enough acquaintances who were a bit eccentric to say the least. What left her speechless was the fact that all three of them, the two men on the small sofa and the rather big easy chair as well as the boy on the rug, were clad in mail. Polished, solid mail. Not the fake aluminium stuff their LARP friends wore, but iron. She gulped. Real iron mail shirts, reaching well down to the men's knees. There was something utterly wrong, she just was not sure what it was. The man in the chair beside the stove had noticed her by now and called the other one's attention to it. Turning towards her, the occupant of the sofa gave her a big smile. "Ah, mistress Thanwen, I assume. How nice to come to know you face to face." She was fuming with rage, and showered him with an angry tirade in Plattdeutsch, the local language, but he just raised an eyebrow enquiringly, seeming not to understand nor being impressed at all. "I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid I can't follow your address." His voice held just a slight taint of amusement, but that made her see red nevertheless. "Pull the other one, it's got bells on. Look boys, you've had your fun, my spouse had his fun, and now just get out of here!" Clenching her fists and thinking of the hatchet that hung on the wall of her study, she gritted her teeth, when her gaze fell on the two swords leaning in their scabbards next to the TV set. Without hesitation she went over and grabbed the scabbard of one to pull out the blade. "Stop that!" A heavy hand encircled her wrist, the man in the chair having simply reached out, without even getting up. Their gaze locked, steel-grey and cerulean eyes boring into each other, but though she realised that the bloke might well simply snap her wrist, she was not backing up or buying any nonsense. "What is it?" she sneered. "Afraid I'll find out it's some polyurethane LARP crap?" The man blinked. "I don't understand what you are talking about, and I assure you that I don't want to hinder you at finding out anything, but that is Guthwine, the sword of the King of the Riddermark and you are not authorized to draw it." She snorted, totally unimpressed. "Shall I tell you where you can put your kingly sword plus the king himself? Stop that masquerade at once, or..." While talking, she had turned towards her husband to tell him her piece of mind as well and was surprised to see the utterly shocked and worried expression on his face. Obviously the entire farce was gliding out of his hands. A short remark from the man on the sofa caused the other one to release her wrist. Her ears pricked up. That had doubtlessly been old English. Who the heck was taking that much trouble to play a trick on her? "Mistress Thanwen?" The man on the sofa looked at her thoughtfully. "Do I guess rightly that you doubt our identity and think that a look at that sword would confirm who we are?" When she nodded, he tilted his head with a wry smile. "So be it then. But watch out, it might be a bit heavy, and I assure you it is sharp." Shooting him a poisonous look, she unsheathed the blade … and gulped. This certainly was no plaything. Not. At. All. Her brain ticked off the characteristic indicators: It certainly was heavy, at least well above one kilogram. The entire thing was obviously a one handed sword, nearly one meter long, the straight, double edged blade itself certainly over 70 cm with a deep fuller running along it. The hilt was wrapped in roughened leather, the lobed pommel giving the sword a perfect balance. That would well fit for some kind of Viking sword, yet the quite large straight guard did not fit, as it was rather Norman. And the runes etched along the blade... She blinked. That were no futhark runes as she had expected, though runes it were. Cirth! She made out the rune for G, I, W... obviously the sword's name and some other symbols besides. She could not help feeling slightly queasy. But she would not give in that easily. Desperately hoping for her voice to sound confident, she turned to the man on the sofa. "That may all be very well, and I certainly have to admit that this is the best replica of a 11th century sword I have ever seen, as well as I will grant you that you put up a quite convincing performance and most obvious have taken a lot of pain preparing it, but if you wanted to play-act the horselords and convince me, then why the bloody hell did you come without any horses?" Towards the end of her statement she felt back on solid ground again. Being fond of horses, the dog would have sensed if there had been any in the stables, and as well she herself would have heard them while being in the boot room. The mail-clad man shrugged nonchalantly: "We left them in the wind shadow of a copse west of the farm, as there was quite some greenery left in that sheltered place and thought to stable them later." Swivelling round without any further word, she left the room, and having fetched her wellies, made for the copse, a smallish group of some very old and impressive trees, mostly maple but intermixed with some very fine species of birch, linden and a variety of wild fruit trees near the edges. Towards the west, the direction of the more or less