The Mockingjay's Tune - One Shot Written by: Be . Inspirational Main Character(s): Katniss Everdeen, Peeta Mellark, Rue (+ others) Rating: K+ || Point of View: Katniss Soundtrack Suggestion: Ólafur Arnalds - Loftið Verður Skyndilega Kalt (instrumental - available on Youtube) Disclaimers: The characters and universe were created by Suzanne Collins. Important : Any similarities that can be found to any other fan fictions or works are COMPLETELY unintentional. Due to the enormous amount of Hunger Games related fan fiction, I must put this to make sure it's clear I have not intended any cross over to any other fan work. I'm sorry for any similarities. Please enjoy my work as a separate piece of fandom literature. :D The Mockingjay's Tune It was over… it was all over. I was no longer the Mockingjay. I was no longer a target. Panem now found some peace as a republic under President Paylor. Blood wasn't being split for sport, there were no more Reapings… no one would ever hear the cannon again. The only cannon that would sound would be the one that echoed through my nightmares. Peeta had become my only defence against them- against my screams of terror. The nightmares were changing now. Some nights I saw Finnick, others I saw Foxface or Cinna. There had even been a few occasions when Cato entered my thoughts. I did not see him as blood thirsty and brutal anymore… I saw that boy who had snapped. I saw the victim he was. The worst dreams were of Prim. On those nights I could hardly breathe through my sobs. It wasn't always the nightmares that caused me to wake up in the night… it was the dreams that seemed so real; the dreams that I could feel, smell, touch. When I awoke from those dreams and my world seemed to shatter around me. Prim never saw a world without war, she never saw peace. Rue… Rue didn't either. On those nights, Peeta held me close, stroking my hair. He had to hold me until morning most times… he never once complained. Never once… "Are you sure you want to do this Katniss?" Peeta mumbled, his hand gently squeezing mine as we stood outside the large gateway. "I'm sure-" I replied bluntly, trying to maintain my composure. There were several men who stood ahead of us, pulling off a rather large orange sign which clung to the industrial gate. My eyes once more followed the words of warning for what must have been the fifth or sixth time. The obnoxiously coloured sign warned all those who came near: 'This arena has been scheduled for demolition. No admittance. Any trespassers will be subjected to the fullest extent of the law. This is a direct order from President Paylor.' A large and rather elaborate signature sat in the bottom corner. Once the sign was down and placed on the ground, I watched the doors slowly open, only revealing more darkness to be held. I gripped onto Peeta's hand and I could feel his hand squeeze mine in return. Unlike the trespassers spoken of in the warning, Peeta and I were welcomed… Paylor had sent an invitation to all the remaining victors, one that many would turn down without a seconds hesitation. The invitation was to return to their respective arenas before they were demolished, not as tributes of course, but as guests. I didn't understand it at first- why anyone would want to go back to the arena. I spent nearly two weeks thinking over the invitation. I told Peeta several times to reply with a simple 'no' but he never did… I guess he could see it in my face. He knew from those nights of holding me in his arms. I needed to come back here- one last time. The hallway we stared into seemed infinite… With the exception of the light that entered the hallway from where we stood, you couldn't see anything. One of the guards entered the darkness, with his small flashlight as the only sight of him we had once he entered. He disappeared into one of the rooms and as he did the lights of the hallways seemed to slowly flicker on. The rows of lights in the ceilings lit the path. I glanced over at Peeta, taking a deep and steady breath. We had to go through the tunnels to enter the arena. An electric fence, much like the ones around the districts, stood where the force field had once been to prevent animals and tourists. Unlike the district however, it was always electrified and guarded. Now that the arenas were to be demolished, they wanted to ensure no souvenirs were taken by any of the passer-bys. "This way," the second guard said softly. I bit my lip for a moment before using a reassuring breath to follow the request. Peeta and I followed the guard while two others shut the door behind us. We walked through the labyrinth of tunnels, watching as we passed a handful of doors. Some were labelled, some were not. My eyes scanned the doors as we passed them. The ones that were labelled were only labelled with a small plaque. The first we saw caused me to stop in place for a moment. I released Peeta's hand, gently stepping towards the door. My fingers slowly grazed the plaque, collecting a bit of dust that had settled there. The small sign read, 'District Five Female - Finch .' "Finch…" I mumbled as I read, thinking of the red haired girl I had come to call Foxface. Peeta stepped forward, putting a hand gently on my back. "I always wondered-" he mumbled, "what her actual name was." I nodded in reply, staring at the name which seemed to scream its presence to me. I always wanted to know what she was like. She never spoke with the exception of her interview. She was like an apparition, mysterious and distant. I thought about asking someone her name when we returned home- but I could never bring myself to do it. I had to push those thoughts away. I feared if I uttered a word about her, my mind would never leave her. "Is there any other launch rooms you'd like to see?" I heard the guard question behind me. I thought of my own room, of Cinna and almost instantly I shook my head. Even if it wasn't where my stylist was beaten, the room was too similar… I didn't want to step foot in there again. "Alright. There's a loft this way," he told us. A slight sigh escaped my lips, pleased that we would not need to use the tubes to enter the arena above us. I knew that during the tourist season, many of the Capitol citizens would use the tubes to enter the arena, to feel the 'excitement' first hand. I had no doubt that my tube had seen many visitors- the place where I felt my heart fall from my chest. I'm not sure if my heart was ever collected from the launch room by any of the visitors but- I was never the same once I saw that forest landscape. Who ever found the lingering fragments of who I was in that room, well, they found a good one-of-a-kind souvenir to be sure. I gave Finch's plaque one more glance before I made my way down the hallway with Peeta. There was a loft for those who couldn't or wouldn't use the tubes to go into the arena. I'm guessing through our time there, it was used to bring the feast table into the arena. I stepped onto it slowly, once more feeling Peeta's hand slip into mine. This was just as hard for him as it was for me… I just hoped his mind would allow him to stand without pain. I had offered to go alone, regardless of my internal monologue begging me not to. I knew after the torture he had endured in the Capitol that this could be a breaking point for him. He refused- continuously I might add. He loved me too much to let me come in here alone… I just hoped he wouldn't regret it. The guard adjusted the controls on the loft and the ceiling above us seemed to move. Sunlight shined down on us as the loft rose. It only was a moment before we stood in that grassy plain. I looked around, my eyes catching sight of the river, of the trees and lastly the Cornucopia. My mind swelled with memories, the sights and the sounds. I tried to hold my composure with little success. Peeta closed his eyes and my eyes shifted to him. He gripped onto my hand tightly, to the point in which my hand was almost crushed by his. His eyes blinked, glancing to the same spot beside the Cornucopia. I knew the spot. It was there we stood, the nightlock in our hands- where this whole thing began. I held onto his hand and let him work through the pain. "It's okay Peeta," I mumbled, brushing my other hand down his back. "It's okay…" It took him a few minutes to push through it. When he came out of it, his eyes were glossy and a small look of shame crossed his face. "I'm sorry-" he began. I quickly cut him off, "No. Don't be silly." I grazed his hand with my thumb. "I can go alone… I don't know how long I want to stay here anyway-" I told him softly. I could see the hesitation on his face. He didn't want to leave my side, he didn't want me to go forward alone. However, I could see the fear in his eyes. We had not moved and his mind was already thrashing widely against his skull. "I'll come with you-" he told me, "but, I might stay with the guard if it-" I cut his words off with a nod, "Don't worry Peeta. That's okay." We shared a small glance before the guard came back with a small motorized cart. Peeta moved and sat in the backseat behind the guard, his eyes locked on the ground as he walked. I didn't enter right away- my eyes were locked on a small limestone monument beside the Cornucopia. It appeared to look like a post, nothing of true significance. I approached it slowly and as I did on either side appeared two holographic panels, to make it look much like a sign post. On the left side of the limestone pole, a large picture of Cato appeared, along with his personal information. Name, age, date of birth, district, weapon of choice, kill total and cause of death. I stared at the picture of the blond tribute, his eyes just as intense as I remembered them. I thought of his bloodied face, his plea… I glanced to the other side in which videos seemed to be available. I pulled my hand back, refusing to touch the small play button over any of the clips… I knew how he had died… I did not need to see it again. "Katniss-" Peeta mumbled, causing me to look up at him. I gave a small nod before once more looking at the photo of the district two tribute. Not far from his small memorial was another stone, one I could remember undoubtly as Clove's place of death. It had been where Thresh let me live- where he saved me. As I looked back towards Cato's image. I thought of his goodbye to her- his pained words as he begged for her to survive. As I think back on it now, it's one of the few reminders that, like Peeta and I, they were just kids. Perhaps they loved each other… perhaps they would have been the victors if not for Peeta and I… who knows. I walked away from the small pole and the holograms vanished. He was