Summary: AU: When something goes horribly wrong in the telling of The Hobbit , two fourteen-year-olds are brought in to make things right. Gollum is on the loose with the Ring, the Gaffer has been murdered in his sleep...dark days are descending upon Middle-earth. Author's Note: THIS is what I've been working on while I was away on a cruise. I haven't fixed Predestined (sorry!), but I'm working on my new chapters...slowly going back to writing TF stories. I'm hopeful that I'll have SOMETHING else to show by the end of this week! It's summer, and I haven't done anything on my preexisting stories. Genres: Hurt/comfort, friendship, angst, suspense, tragedy. Disclaimer: All recognizable aspects of this story (characters, places, etc.) don't belong to me. I'm merely borrowing them and (hopefully) returning them. And yes, Claire's quite...Mary-Sue-ish. I KNOW that. I don't need people telling me that. Rated T for some descriptive violence. The last thing fourteen-year-old Claire Fiona Reynolds expected was for her cellphone to ring on a Friday morning. She picked it up, answering on the first measure of 'Bohemian Rhapsody.' "Yello, Claire speaking." "Claire-Bear!" Claire sighed. "Jacob," she said sternly. "Don't call me that!" Jacob snickered, holding a hand over his mouth. "Why?" he asked innocently. "Because I don't like it." "Why?" Claire smirked. The game was on. "Why not?" "Why?" "Why not?" "Why?" "Why not?" "Why not?" "Why?" Jacob laughed suddenly, and it took every ounce of Claire's almost nonexistent self-control not to throw the phone across the room. "Jacob Henry Masterson, I forbid you to trick me as such henceforth!" "With what power?" Jacob asked, grinning madly. Claire took several calming breaths. "With the power of the Valar," she replied calmly, straight-faced. "Was there a reason you called?" "Yep." Claire shook the phone. "Then what was it?" she asked, still in a perfectly calm tone. "I wanted to see if you could go to the all-night LOTR marathon on Saturday." "Jacob!" she squeaked. "What do you think ?" Jacob laughed. "Ask your mom." Even as he spoke, he could hear her shouting from her bedroom. "Ok, I'm good to go," Claire said, almost breathless. "I'll buy the snacks, but on one condition." Claire nearly groaned. "No fan-girlishness," Jacob said sternly. Claire grinned mischievously. "And what does no fan-girlishness entail?" It was the same thing they went through every time they went to see a movie Claire had already seen. "No screaming over any of the actors' or characters' lines, no getting angry at the decisions of the characters, no loudly reciting the lines, no screaming what a character should do next, no talking about the characters, no throwing popcorn at Gollum, no screaming at people in the audience to be quiet, no yelling at people when they snore, and absolutely no jumping up and hugging the screen at the end of ROTK. Actually…just don't talk at all, ok?" "But Jacob, that's everything fun !" Claire protested, sulking. Jacob grinned, but kept his voice somber. "Those are the rules. Ya either follow 'em, or I don't take you." "Fine," Claire huffed. Her normal attitude returned, though, and she said, "I'll buy the tickets." She paused, thoughtful. "Hey, Jacob?" "Yeah?" "Why didn't you just ask me at school?" "Because by that time you'd be too awake, and would have had sugar. There wouldn't be anything to stop you from bouncing off the walls." "Too true, mellon nin. Too true." "One more rule: no Elvish," Jake said, grinning. He knew what kind of reaction that would get. Sure enough, Claire howled, and threw the phone: she loved speaking Elvish. Jake snickered. "You want to go, right?" "Yes!" she sing-songed, grabbing the phone back. "Then no Elvish." -Saturday Night- Jacob gripped Claire's arm tightly, restraining her bouncing. She followed along behind him, humming 'Concerning Hobbits' as loudly as possible. Of course, she'd been trying to teach herself to play it on the piano (and failing), but what was the point of practicing without a piano? Claire switched to 'The Breaking of the Fellowship' when she got bored waiting in line for the tickets. Her humming grew louder and louder until Jacob made her stop. Making Claire stop doing anything was a challenge. You had to distract her with something else, which was preferably not annoying. In this instance, Jacob poked her shoulder. "Ow! Jacob!" she hissed. Poke. "Jacob!" Poke. Claire's jaw set, and she looked straight ahead, forcing herself to ignore him. Poke. Claire narrowed her eyes. Poke. Fists clenched. Poke. Lips a thin line. Poke. Claire screamed under her breath, but kept her eyes straight ahead, boring holes in the wall. Poke. "Jacob!" Poke. Claire grinned devilishly. She poked him back. "Poke," she said gleefully. "Poke." Jacob poked her again. Claire's eyes narrowed again. "Poke." "Poke." "Poke!" "Poke." " Poke !" "Poke." " POKE !" "Poke." Claire screamed under her breath again, and crossed her arms. "You are…are…" she spluttered. "Are what?" Jacob asked, amused. "Are…infuriating. And irritating. And frustrating. And-" Jacob groaned, and blocked her words out with a simple: "We won't go!" Claire narrowed her eyes, and said, "Why do I even hang out with you, Orc-man?" she snapped. "Orc-man? I thought I was Gollum." He sounded almost disappointed. Smirking, Claire said, "You're meaner than Gollum. You make him look almost nice." "Great." "…I wish I had my iPod," Claire said almost wistfully, looking bored. Jacob groaned. Claire wishing for her iPod wasn't a good sign. "You know what happened last time you sang in public." Claire raised an eyebrow. "Yes, but that won't stop me from singing again…if I had my iPod, which I don't." Her face promptly dropped into a pout. She sulked all the way to the ticket window, sullenly handing the person the money and all but stomping away. Jacob trotted after her, grinning to himself. He purchased the candy, and found himself being half-dragged into the theater. Once inside, they sat right in the middle of the fifth row, and gave evil looks to anyone who decided to sit in the fourth row. Claire was bouncing up and down slightly, munching on some Junior Mints. Jake snatched the box, making her glare at him again when he started eating them. The lights dimmed, and Claire stopped glaring and bouncing. She leaned forward until her chin touched the seat in front of her, and watched the screen as the movie started, enraptured. The Fellowship of the Ring was starting, Galadriel was speaking in Elvish, and Claire was grinning broadly. Jacob thought everything was normal. That was, until Galadriel—who no longer sounded like Cate Blanchett—started saying something very different. " Gollum was angry that he had been cheated out of his Precious. He flung himself at Bilbo Baggins, stole his sword, and forcibly took the Ring back, Bilbo losing his life in the struggle. Gollum, although reunited with the Ring, now had a new desire. He wanted to destroy all evidence of Bilbo. So Gollum travelled to the Shire, Sting in his hand, to kill the Hobbits, as he linked them in his mind to Bilbo." Claire looked stricken. "No," she whispered. Jacob didn't reprimand her: he was staring open-mouthed at the screen. All around them, the moviegoers looked perfectly calm, as though Galadriel hadn't just said Gollum was going to kill the Hobbits. "Jacob," Claire whimpered, staring almost tearfully up at the screen. Jacob shook his head, completely shaken. " Gollum remained in hiding for many years, watching. He first disposed of the Sackville-Bagginses, thus ensuing that Bilbo's favorite cousin, Frodo, received Bag End. And he settled to wait again. Samwise Gamgee remained his gardener and friend, and his cousins Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took could often be found staying in Bag End. Stricken as he was by the loss of Bilbo, Frodo grew further and further away from the inhabitants of Hobbiton, rarely leaving his hole at all. His friends, worried as they were, did nothing, correctly blaming it on grief. " Soon, something changed. Hamfast Gamgee, Samwise's father, was discovered one morning to have been stabbed in his sleep. A short, Hobbit-sized sword was found at his beside. Signs of a struggle were all around the room, as well as blood. " Gollum disappeared. There was a light in the darkness: two strange travelers had been following him. They were Middle-earth's last hope, as Gollum was unknowingly bringing the Ring closer and closer to Sauron. Sauron's power was such by then that he could feel the Ring wherever it was, and manipulate it to his own will. " Gollum was bringing the Ring to Sauron." "Two strange travelers, Jacob," Claire hissed. "Could it be…" But she didn't finish her question. A bright doorway, reminiscent of the doors of Moria, appeared on the screen. The others in the theatre were oblivious to it. Claire stood up, but nobody took any notice. "They can't see us, Jacob," she whispered, waving her hand in front of a woman's face. "Claire…what if we're the strange travelers?" Jacob asked, in a normal volume. "There's only one way to find out," said Claire decisively. She strode up to the doors, and said loudly, "Mellon!" The doors swung open onto what looked like a grassy clearing in the nighttime. Claire grabbed her purse, and slowly walked through, Jacob on her heels. They walked forward a little, and the doors swung shut behind them. Claire spun around, but it was too late: the doors were gone. "Looks like there's nothing we can do but wait, huh?" said Jacob, looking around. Claire wasn't listening. She was poking her head around the trees, and squinting up into their tops. "Gollum's hiding here somewhere…I can smell him," she mused, looking around. "We ought to get somewhere safe, Jacob." She was strangely calm. "Claire, how do we even know we're in Hobbiton?" Jacob groaned, following her as she darted off, lightly dodging around trees. Claire shrugged. "I can…tell," she explained, still jogging. She suddenly stopped, and Jacob slammed into her. "Hush!" she commanded, dragging him to the ground. "Up ahead, I think it's the Gamgees' place…" she hissed. "What makes you say that?" Jacob whispered back. Claire narrowed her eyes. "Because I think that's Gollum up there, beside the window." And, sure enough, a small creature was crouched beneath the window. There was a long object clutched in its hand, catching the light that came from the window. Soft, angry muttering could be heard. Jacob's mouth fell open. "Galadriel was right," he breathed. "That's gotta be the Gamgees' place." Claire nodded. "C'mon, Jacob, we need to save the Gaffer-" "Claire!" he hissed. "Remember what Galadriel said?" "No, we have to help," she whispered defiantly, tears swimming in her eyes. "We can stop him, Jacob…" Jacob shook his head sadly. "We can't," he told her quietly. "Gollum's got a sword . We're the only ones that know what's going on, remember? If he kills us…the Hobbits won't stand a chance. Galadriel said that there were obvious signs of a struggle…so we surprise him after…" Claire made a choking noise. "After the…deed," Jacob relented, frowning deeply. "We take Sting, scare Gollum off…" "But why do we leave Sting?" Claire asked. Jacob thought for a moment, before saying, "Because we'd look like idiots carrying the…murder weapon around." Claire gave a strangled yelp, and Jacob clapped his hand over her mouth. "Claire, shush!" he hissed. "Sorry," she whispered, taking his hand off her mouth. There was a movement up beside the house, and Gollum crawled up the side. The light was now off inside the house. The window slid open, and Gollum crept inside. Claire was trembling uncontrollably, but she pushed aside all of Jacob's efforts to console her. She stood up, and crept up close to the house, silent tears sliding down her face. Jacob followed her, looking deeply troubled. There was a muffled choking sound, and a groan. Claire squeaked, and closed her eyes. When she opened her eyes, her mouth was set, and her