Full Sum: Nico, the bartender's son, sits down as he listens to a tale, a tale of wonder, amazement and horror, told by their local story-teller, Octavian. Prince Perseus was born dead to his parents after several years of trying. So, heartbroken, King Poseidon traveled to the Clockwork master, Chaos, who told him of a remedy so unorthodox that it shook the room of listeners. and so the tale of the prince went, went and went until… it came true. right there in their pub… Nicercy P.s. forgive me, I read this story in class in 2013 roughly May-ish, so things may differ/be lost, but I remember the basic gist of it all, though some are on purpose like Percy's ability to talk and his and Chaos's swap of arrivals. . Nico sat at a table watching the others in the pub walk to and fro. Nico was a fifteen year old boy, son of the pub owner, Hades, and brother to Hazel and Bianca, the latter being deceased as of two years ago. His younger sister, Hazel, and her best friend, whom she had a crush on and vice-versa, Frank, came to join him at his table. "So, did you hear?" said Hazel, "Tomorrow Luke graduates, and we can see his design on the bell tower!" her tone indicated she was excited. "It's going to be the biggest event of the year!" squealed Frank. Sometimes Nico found it hard to remember that he and Frank were the same age. Their other friends Reyna, daughter of the head of the armies, Annabeth, niece of the King's wife, Sally, Leo, son of the town's head mechanic, Piper, daughter of the Ladies at the palace, and Jason, son of one of the Lords at the palace, joined them at the table. "I hear it's going to be incredible !" squealed Leo jumping up and down. "I know, right!" squealed Annabeth, equally excited. Seriously, those two could fight about anything, yet as soon as mechanics or architecture came onto the board they tended to get a little… scary, for lack of a better word. "But that's not all," Reyna leaned in, "I hear Octavian's in with a new story." The friends all gasped. Octavian, their local story-teller, was known for his incredible stories on… everything. "No way!" gasped Nico. "Yes way," confirmed Reyna, "I heard it from mum, who heard it from dad, who heard it from Octavian, who heard it from-" "Wait," said Frank, confused, " Octavian heard it from someone?" Reyna nodded, "He figured he'd forget, so he told Rachel who reminded him." The others nodded, that seemed plausible. "I wonder when he'll be here…" said Hazel. As if on cue the doors opened, and in walked Octavian. The members of the pub cheered. One, however, did not… . Luke Castellan, son of the royal messenger, Hermes, and apprentice to the clock-master, Chiron was having a rather foul night. Tomorrow he 'supposedly' graduated from his apprenticeship. He was to take over the reigns from Chiron, and reveal his masterpiece like those before him. Only one problem. He didn't have a masterpiece. He sighed, in hindsight, it probably wasn't the best idea to have told Chiron it was going well, and that it would blow minds, that it would shock them. He let out a humorless laugh, oh they'd definitely be shocked. It wasn't that he was lazy, or arrogant about it, quite the opposite, really. It was that he was completely and utterly stumped. Throughout the centuries, the clockwork apprentices had created their little clockwork figures for the great clock that stood proudly in the town centre, and looking at all those magnificent clockwork figures depressed Luke. A lot. Sighing, he turned back to his drink when the door opened and in walked the local story-teller, Octavian. "Ahhh, Octavian," said Hades, "Here with a new story to tell?" Octavian chuckled, "Oh, you know me far too well, Hades old chum." Octavian sat himself down on a chair. "Gather round!" called a man who Nico vaguely recognized as Malcolm, Annabeth's older half-brother. "Alright," began Octavian, after taking a large swig of the drink beside him, "Now, you all know of what happened all those years ago at the palace, don't you?" Only some nodded, it was something they preferred not to tell their children. "Well, I'm here to tell you what really happened…" . It was long ago, one winter's eve, that Queen Sally, the most fair maiden in the land, gave birth to a baby boy. Now, she and King Poseidon had been trying for five years to have a child. Going on pilgrimages, and going to special sermons etc. and it had gotten to a point that Queen Sally had asked her beloved to find another, more suitable queen for the throne, which naturally ended in a lot of tears seeing as Poseidon loved her far too much to do that. Not surprisingly so, when she found out she was pregnant, the entire kingdom burst into joy. King Poseidon had her exempted from every and any physical activity, spoiled her rotten, over did her requests, and had her trying to kill him at every step of the way. They were very excited for this child, so when, after fifteen grueling hours and an asleep Queen Sally, the baby was born dead , Poseidon did something a little… unorthodox. . People were gasping, waiting in anticipation as to what might happen. . Scooping the baby's dead body up, he set out, alone, on horseback. He rode through treacherous woods, his trusty horse, Trident, running through the twisty, confusing woods as though one raked eyes over their hands. And within minutes they arrived at their destination, the evil Lord Chaos's hideout. . People gasped, they'd heard of the old clockwork master. An evil but incredibly skilled clockwork maker, the best of the best. His figurines were said to be life-like, his clocks never in need of repair. He was perfect , but a few dozen years ago, the old man had gone into retirement, choosing to vanish off the face of the earth to a secluded spot in the woods. "I know him," said Annabeth and Leo at the same time, before blush-glaring at each other. "Elaborate," said Reyna. "I've read about him," explained Annabeth. "Dad's mentioned him before," shrugged Leo. The others nodded. . Banging thrice, King Poseidon received a response. The door opened. Taking his cue, he stepped in, the deceased prince in tow. Upon entering, he was shocked to find little clockwork girls and boys running about, about a hundred cuckoo clocks hanging on the walls, and many other contraptions. " King Poseidon?" Poseidon took his attention away from the contraptions and turned to face Lord Chaos. " Lord Chaos," Poseidon bowed. Chaos looked confused, "Why are you here?" Poseidon uncovered the dead child in his arms, previously hidden by his cloak. Chaos staggered back a little, "A-are you sure?" he asked. Poseidon nodded, his eyes the shade of a desperate man, "Please. I'll do anything , I'll give you anything !" Chaos shook his head, "I ask for nothing more than you to rethink your decision." " My mind is made up. I'm begging you." Chaos nodded, "Come with me to my workroom." King Poseidon and Lord Chaos stepped into the old man's clockwork studio. " Lay the child on the table," instructed Chaos. Poseidon complied. " You might want to step out for this part, my liege," said Chaos morosely. Poseidon nodded reluctantly and left. . The room was buzzing in anticipation as to what the clockwork maker would do to the child. Luke found himself listening to the story, maybe he'd be inspired for his work-piece… . Not an hour later, Chaos came out with the boy, his chest rising and falling as his 'heart' beat. " Now remember," said Lord Chaos, "this is only a temporary solution, when the child turns ten he'll need a heart given to him by someone else or he'll stop working." King Poseidon nodded, "Thank you, Chaos." " It was a pleasure," replied Chaos. . People gasped as they understood what had happened. "How is that possible?" asked a young boy from the crowd. "I don't know," snapped Octavian, "It's a story kid, now hush up." . King Poseidon rode back with his now-alive baby in tow. He managed to reach the palace before Queen Sally woke up. " Let me see my son," she demanded one of the midwives. The midwife stammered every excuse she could think of till Poseidon walked in, holding the baby. " He's with me, my Queen," he replied, laying a kiss on Queen Sally's forehead. She took from him the baby and gasped. And she had every right to do so considering the child. He was a beautiful baby, sea-green eyes, chubby cheeks, a small tuft of black hair. Laying peacefully asleep as his mother held him. what more could a parent ask!? . A young boy, whom Nico vaguely recognized as Will Solace, turned to his mother, "You love me unconditionally, right?" he asked. "Of course, baby," she cooed, pinching the six-year-old's cheek. Nico sighed, feeling a wave of depression hit him. he'd been so young when he'd lost his mother. He'd barely even known her. And he never would… . They named him Perseus, and an elaborate welcoming ceremony was thrown. The child was such a delight the whole kingdom loved him. He had the looks of a god, the beauty of a dove, the voice of a nightingale, and frankly, no one could get past the unique sea-green eyes which belonged solely to him. . Nico sighed dreamily. If only the boy was real… . He was well loved and taken after, and the whole palace spoke praise of him. . Annabeth sighed. She couldn't tell if the story was true or not. Truth be told, when her father had moved here, out of heartbreak, naturally, he'd cut off all connections with his family, needing some time alone, something that wouldn't trigger the memories. She sniggered remembering how bad that turned out once he'd met Malcolm… . But one day, only a month before his tenth birthday, the dear, young Perseus contracted a cold. At first, Sally called the royal physician, believing he could cure Percy of his cold, but after two weeks of his health deteriorating, she began to lose hope and her health worsened. Poseidon assured her that a week's hunting trip would be perfect for the child's health. As of yet, he still hadn't found anyone to give the boy a heart. So, with a heavy heart, he was ready to do it himself. . People grimaced, that would've been better than what had happened. Nico looked depressed, "Poor guy," he murmured. He'd intended for no one to hear this, but he hadn't been that fortunate… "Oh no," said Reyna, stone-faced, "Nico di Angelo, listen up and listen up good. After all these years of trying, I am not letting you fall in love with a book character!" "Oh what's the harm," waved away Annabeth, "There's nothing wrong with it." "Except that he may never find love in the real world, depress himself that no other human was good enough, and eventually commit suicide to escape this 'dastardly hideous world'" said Leo. Everyone gaped at him. "Don't ask," was all he said. They nodded. . But at the last moment, his right-hand, Delphin volunteered. And so it was that the three set out at night. Poor prince Perseus lay wrapped in a bundle of blankets, the little thing shivering as his 'heart' begun to stop beating, the little clockwork mechanisms freezing up. . Nico was brought close to tears. He felt sorry for the poor guy, and in some odd way, he felt a connection to him, like there was a tug in his heart directing him to the boy… awkward. . They set off through the cold,