This was inspired by the 48 hour film festival (technically the 48 hour film project ). You know, that thing that happens every year, that happened just two months ago. I included a few words from 1 song, 'Bleeding' by the Ready Set, so please remember I do not own those. They are italicized and it says where I included them. Also, please, if my French is incorrect tell me . I'm a form one a.k.a a 13 year old. Our old school had French, yes, but the teachers didn't take it seriously. If our verbs were wrong or our articles they'd still mark it right, so technically i've only had eleven months of proper French. Anyways, enjoy! . Percy entered the studio with his cousin, Annabeth, and his best friend, Grover. They were here for the 48 hour film festival, a worldwide event that occurred every year. This year, Annabeth had entered the film festival with her girlfriend, from a different school, and had asked Grover and Percy, a.k.a her best friends, to help. Grover, for his skill on a computer and Percy for his incredible acting. Reyna, Annabeth's girlfriend, was also bringing two friends, Leo and Nico. They all gathered at the judges' table, along with five other teams. "Now," said the head judge, "Remember. There is to be no plagiarism. All work and music must be hand crafted. Although covers, parodies, reworks, remixes or retellings are acceptable as long as you are the ones that compose it. Also, remember that your movie must be no longer than eight minutes, do I make myself clear?" A chorus of yeses were heard throughout the crowd, "Good. Now, we will take you to where you shall draw your movie prop and genre from a hat, come along." They headed to a big auditorium. They were each randomly assigned group numbers. They were group six. "Group 1." Called the head judge. A representative went up to draw a genre. As did the others and the results were: Group 1. Comedy, a hat Group 2. Horror, a book Group 3. Angst, a guitar Group 4. Black and White, a key Group 5. Friendship, a flashlight Group 6. Romance, a noose They'd been really lucky that romance was the last one in there since it would be the easiest. Though confused about the noose, until they were reminded that each of the props were set for a genre in the hat and that noose belonged to hurt/comfort like the guitar belonged to romance. They were then assigned their line of dialogue; they'd received, "Excuse me, where are the shops?" A weird line of dialogue, but one they figured they could work in. They were told that they had fifteen minutes to get ready, and then the countdown would start. Annabeth and Reyna figured that the best way to spend those minutes would be to introduce their friends to each other. "Percy, Nico." "Nico, Percy." "Percy, Leo." "Leo, Percy." "Grover, Nico." "Nico, Grover." "Grover, Leo." "Leo, Grover." "heh?" The boys blinked, confused. The girls sighed in exasperation. "You know what," said Annabeth, "Why don't you four mingle. Reyna and I will get some paper for the script." The boys nodded. The girls headed off. "So, my name's Leo," greeted Leo, extending his hand to the two boys who shook, "And this," he jerked a thumb at Nico's direction, "Is Mr. Sourpuss. But you can call him Nico." "Ha, ha, Valdez," replied Nico sourly, " very funny." The Latino grinned, "Thanks, I thought so too!" Percy grinned, he was going to get along very well with that guy. "I'm Percy, and this is Grover," said Percy, extending his hand to shake the other twos. "Well Percy," grinned Leo, "It's a pleasure to be doing business with you." "Likewise, Leo." The girls arrived with the paper. And just in time seeing as the countdown alarm had just went off. "Now," said Annabeth, "Who's going to star…?" Percy snorted, "Really? Who're the only two here in a relationship?" "No," said Reyna, "I can't act. Like, at all." "Neither can I," admitted Annabeth, "And besides, I'd serve a better purpose as set designer or something. You however can act." Leo held up his arms, "As fun as it would be to star, I can't act either. Seriously, ask Reyna." Reyna groaned, "He isn't lying. Two of my other friends who would be here if they weren't visiting family in Canada right now, Jason and Piper, once did a play with him. He was horrible ." Leo looked offended, "Hey! I was the best table on that set!" "Tables don't move. Or sing songs." "And how would you know?" "Fine, what about that time you played the tree and-" "Okay, so it's obviously not me," said Leo, desperate for said incident not to be revealed. Grover shook his head, "I tried charades once. It did not end well, so that's a no go for me." Reyna shrugged, "So it's Nico and Percy then. Hope you two have a happy future together." The two glared at the laughing girl. "Bog off," said Nico. "Okay," said Annabeth, "Since you two are romantically involved in the film, I think it best that you guys leave. After we brainstorm, of course. You two should mingle. The two nodded. "So," Annabeth drew a big circle titled 'film' in the centre of the page, "Any ideas?" "We need a name," said Reyna. "Hmmm…" said Percy, "Wise Girl inc.?" Annabeth shot Percy a look, that turned to a sinister grin, "How 'bout Seaweed Brain Industries?" "Guys," Grover said, "leave nicknames out. Since it's romance why don't we go with… um… fifty shades of love?" "hmmm," said Leo, "Not bad. But how about, instead of 'fifty shades of' we say '48 hours to fall in' that way it would be '48 hours to fall in love,' a mixture of the deadline and the genre?" There were many nods to that suggestion. "Wait," said Annabeth, "that would be perfect. But wouldn't that suit the movie's name better?" They reconsidered it before realizing she was right. "Let's just go with 'something smells fishy,' and wrap this up, shall we?" Asked Grover. Percy glared but the others all nodded. "So, any ideas?" Repeated Annabeth. "I know," said Nico, "We could do something incorporating a different language," he suggested. Annabeth nodded, "You're right. That would definitely get us bonus points," she said, noting it down. "Only one problem," pointed out Reyna, "None of us speak the same second language." "Well actually, Annabeth and I both speak French," said Percy. "Italian's pretty close to French, the pronunciations wouldn't be too hard," shrugged Nico. "So's Spanish," said Leo. "Great, then we'll do it in French. Now, off you go lover boys, and try to get along, we don't need you twos fighting to add to the stress of the deadline," said Annabeth. The two boys nodded and left. They headed to an area under the stairs. "So…" Percy trailed off awkwardly. "So…" trailed off Nico. Percy looked at him, the first time he'd fully taken him in. He was taller than him, maybe a year or two older. He wasn't overly buff, he was actually quite lean, like Percy, but his muscles were notably bigger even if it wasn't by that much. He had the slightest bit of stubble tracing his jaw and his eyes… They were a deep, dark brown, like an endless abyss. Almost black but in the brightest of lights you could see the brown. He wore all black and had a few chains here and there as well as an ear piercing. And He. Was. Hot . "Ummm…" and the trailing off seemed to have no end. Nico drank in the boy in front of him. He was lean, had a swimmer's build but still had some visible muscle. He was about 5ft 9" and wore a loose, white shirt and loose black jeans with some black shoes. He had messy black hair, as though he'd recently been in a wind storm. And his eyes… They were green with a tinge of blue, like the ocean. And when he looked into them he felt like he was on the ocean. Weird how they seemed to move… He couldn't help but being slightly elated that this was the boy playing his love interest. If it had been Valdez… He shuddered. That was one line he would never cross. But then, a thought hit him. A boy like this was surely taken, and why on earth would he settle for just plain old him? And his signature scowl graced his face once more. "So," tried Percy once more, trying to break the ice, "What're your hobbies?" "Um," it took Nico a while to register the comment, "Well, I like visiting museums, and, um, cemeteries," this was not a good conversation starter, "but I also like drinking coffee, you?" Said the eighteen year old. "Ah," nodded the sixteen and three quarters year old, "I like swimming, the beach and horse riding," he said. Nico nodded. "Horse riding," Nico said, "That must be fun for you and your boyfriend." "What?" Percy glared. It had been two years since he and his first boyfriend had started going out. He was, dare he say it, enamoured with him, but then it happened. *flashback* Percy and Annabeth were heading to Percy's house to grab a snack when they saw it. Percy's boyfriend, Mark, a seventeen year old ravenette with dark brown eyes, was kissing some blonde male with piercing azure blue eyes who Percy didn't know. " Mark!" Yelled an enraged Annabeth. Mark abruptly stopped kissing and turned his head, eye wide with shock. " Percy, I-" " No," Percy shook his head, tears spilling out, "Just no. Mark, I trusted you," his voice shook, "And now, I see you kissing some random guy on the street? Just, no. Okay. We're done ." Mark got up to try and follow Percy, but Percy'd ran off. " I hope you're happy with yourself," Annabeth said, before slapping him and running after her cousin… *end of flashback* They'd broken up only two weeks ago and it still hurt Percy to just think about the guy. Percy didn't reply to his texts- heck he didn't even read them, especially so seeing as Annabeth had 'borrowed' his phone-, avoided him at all costs during school. And honestly, Percy was happy when he found out that said boy had moved to Canada. "Guys!" Leo called, "Come on, we're done with the script!" The two boys ran, they only had 47:15 hours left. "Okay," Annabeth handed one photocopied script to Percy, "Here you go," she handed another to Nico, "and there you go." The two boys quickly read over it. "Annabeth," said Percy, "Can I talk to you?" "Sure," she said. He switched to French. Annabeth! Really!? What? Why would I- why would you-? Percy, that's just it, it's not you! But suicide. Really? It was the best way to fit in the noose. Percy sighed. And the last part. Really? It seemed a good way to end it. Grover pitched it. I am going to kill him. Oh come on, it's incredible, and besides, don't you think it's time you got over 'him'? An awkward silence filled the air. "Just so you know," said Nico, "Italian's pretty close to French." "And so is Spanish," agreed Leo. Then together they said, "We can hear what you're saying." Percy and Annabeth both blushed having forgotten that detail. "Alrighty, then," said Grover, "We ought to get started, we only have 47:00 left." The others nodded and Percy and Annabeth shot grateful smiles at Grover who returned them with a smile of his own. "Well, the first scene takes place in the streets, so let's go outside," said Reyna. They went outside, Percy helping Grover carry all the camera things outside. Reyna, Annabeth and Nico got into their positions, Percy standing behind them at a