Far away in an AU… PJ (alternate Percy) P.O.V. "Annabeth, you really need to get over the Greek gods, they don't exist!" "I know Percy, but that doesn't make them any less interesting!" hi there, it's me, Percy Jackson, son of Sally Jackson, and if anyone asks I don't know who my father is. See, my father is Poseidon Thompson, the president, a.k.a my uncle's, right hand man. He had a summer fling with my mom in which she fell pregnant with me, then left to take care of his family, Amphitrite, his wife, and Triton, his son/ my half-brother. I know he loves me and I know he cares but my uncle wont let him see me, so when he does he's breaking the law. Amphitrite and Triton know about me, but they refuse to acknowledge me. It doesn't matter though, I mean sure it sucks not to know your father, but I have something better: Paul Blowfis, the awesome-est stepfather in the world. I swear he treats me more like a real son than a step-son. I started attending Goode high, the school he worked at, and for once I actually tried to stay in school. I met Annabeth, who is now my girlfriend there, and Grover, who is my best friend, as well as Nico and Bianca di Angelo and Thalia Grace who are really good friends of mine. We are now seventeen, except Nico, though, who is still thirteen. So anyway, Annabeth and I are walking down the street when suddenly a bright flash of light envelops us and we're in a huge marble room with hanging flower pots blazing with fire. I look around and see that Grover, Bianca, Nico and Thalia are there, as well as our parents, and I mean both real and fake. There is Zeus, Hades and Poseidon Thompson with their wives; Persephone, Hera and Amphitrite. Next to dad is his son Triton. Then there's my mom and stepdad, Nico's mom and Thalia's mom Ella Grace. But what really amazed me were the 16 40ft people sitting on enormous thrones in a U shape around us. The male on the throne in the middle, who looked suspiciously like Uncle Z looked like he was about to say something, he lifted his hand and looked ready to thunder (lol) Then, one blinding flash later 5 teens and 2 adults fell from the sky, effectively interrupting him. Then something happened that almost made me faint. The only normal sized one of them, who looked about nine years old and was tending the fire, waved her hand and two love seats and a couch appeared, catching them. A girl and a guy who looked suspiciously like me and Annabeth, whoops, I meant Annabeth and me, whoo, it's a good thing Annabeth cant read my thoughts or she'd be lecturing me for weeks, now, where was i? oh, yes, they landed on one loveseat, the adults, who looked suspiciously like my mom and step-dad, landed on another loveseat, and finally, the last three teens, who looked suspiciously like Grover, Nico and Thalia, landed on the couch. So anyway, back to the leader, dude, look-alike of uncle Z. "Who are you!? State Your business!?" he thundered, no literally, his hands flew up and thunder flashed across the room. Drama Queen. My look-alike, stood up, "Lord Zeus, did you not summon us here?" Ha! I knew that was Zeus, wait, why did my look-alike just call him lord? "Why would I summon you? I don't even know you!" he yelled. Ouch, I knew I was supposed to be a secret but that was just cold . "Natural, we save all of you again and now you forget us," said the Thalia look-alike. I gaped, and so did the rest of us (the people he came with). These people radiated power "Pardon," said the woman next to the man who looked like the man's wife, and suspiciously like hera, "we've never needed saving, especially from half-bloods," she said the last bit with distaste. I had no idea what they were talking about, but Annabeth seemed to be thinking about something, trying to put the facts together. The Annabeth look-alike looked like she was doing the same, then, "wait, what year are we in?" she asked. This seemed like a pretty obvious answer, it was 2011 after all. Then, the god on the throne next to the 'lord' Zeus's, whom looked suspiciously like dad said, "1950 of course." That woke everyone up, the Nico look-alike said, "oh sticks (he hears it like that but we know it's styx)!" And for some reason thunder exploded. Just then a note appeared. Me look-alike picked it up and read: Dear gods, We gasped, of course, gods! That was the only explanation! Though only one of them truly struck me as godly, and he was sitting on a throne of bones freaking me out….. Demigods Wait…. As in, half-god? And mortals, Yay us! We have sent you to read these books. Triton look-alike voiced the question we were all thinking, "What books?" Suddenly five books landed on him. YAY! About the greatest half-blood hero to ever grace the earth with his presence. I noticed that the teens all sent silent glances at me look-alike, who just groaned. All these books are in his point of view. Me look-alike groaned again while the Thalia, Grover and Nico look-alike (they're all look-alikes) grinned wildly, mom look-alike and Paul look-alike smirked. The mortals are from an alternate universe where there are no gods. Silence. Then… "YES!" cheered Annabeth look-alike. "FREEDOM!" cheered Nico look-alike. "FINALLY!" cheered Thalia look-alike. And finally, "I KNEW THERE WAS SUCH A PLACE AS PARADISE!" cheered me look-alike. Some of the gods looked guiltily at their feet, some of them looked sympathetic, but most of them just looked down right murderous. "I take it none of you are mine, huh?" said a sympathetic 17 year old, blonde one. That snapped them out of their shock. Gods, please state names and titles/responsibilities, demigods please state your name, parent, titles, but only the important ones, no need to mention any places you've been, I saw three of them sigh in relief. Weird…. Give a short demo of your powers, and state your favorite god who is not your parent as well as your thoughts on all other gods I saw all of the other teens go rigid. And mortals, Uh…. Jeez, I feel so loved Just state your name, and if you have an occupation, go for it! Thank you , whoever you are! Notice the sarcasm. There is to be no killing or maiming of any kind. The dude on throne 5 appeared to be sulking. Unless it is a challenge, or a game, or done in your respective classes i.e. gods vs gods, half-bloods vs half-bloods, etc. Throne five perked up. Again, I feel so loved. But the ability to die has been removed Throne 13 sulked. But you may still end up mortally injured. Throne 13 perked up again, grinning like a mad man. Yeesh! What is wrong with these people!? We shall be sending over some guests, but the ones that are 'evil''s powers have been removed. I saw the gods looks of confusion, and the teens looks of worry. To avoid confusion we've decided that the mortals from the second dimension shall be called by their initials, so, here are their names: -Poseidon~ P.T. -Amphitrite~ A.T. -Triton~ T.T. -Zeus~ Z.T. -Hera~ to avoid confusion shall use her maiden name Archer, so, H.A. I heard me look-alike whisper something to his friends who started laughing. Okay. -Hades~ H.T. -Persephone~ to avoid confusion shall use her maiden name Evergreen, so, P.E. -Perseus I growled and so did other me. Jackson~ P.J. - Sally Jackson~ S.J. - Paul Blofis~ P.B. we all laughed. - Thalia Grace Thalia look-alike growled. ~ T.G. - Ella Grace Again, she growled. God! Er, I mean, gods! What is with them and growling!? E.G. Thalia look-alike whispered something to her friends who laughed. - Nico di Angelo~ N.A. - Bianca di Angelo I saw Nico look-alike tear up and cry into me look-alike, who hugged him's, chest. B.A. -Maria di Angelo~ he cried even harder. M.A. -Grover Underwood~ G.U. we will send more to read after you're done with this letter, to save time. There is also a screen suddenly a GINORMOUS white screen appeared behind us. Where we shall display all of the chapters you read, after you read them, for your 'visual pleasure', oh, and don't forget to smile, you're all on Hephy TV "Well," growled other-me, "at least we now know who's responsible for this." The room turned their heads toward the blonde teen. "Hey!" he said, hands up, "why're you all accusing me?" he asked. "Who else calls Hephaestus 'Hephy'?" asked Hera look-alike. Also, all your powers are GONE! "WHAT!?" they all yelled. Kidding! But outside the readings you wont be able to use them. Everyone looked horror-stricken. Wonder why? So that you may have a break from your duties whilst the minor gods and goddesses perform them, have fun. Also, half-bloods, before each book, please tell the prophecy in the book, The half-bloods all shifted uncomfortably. no need to go further than that, and also answer one question from the gods, and one question from the mortals after each chapter, unless it gives away the future. -Apollo ;) let the sun shine from within * again, they all glared at the blonde teen. "Well, I say we say our titles in the order they were written," said Zeus look-alike, "I am Zeus, god of the Sky and thunder." Hera look-alike got up, "Hera, goddess of marriage and family." They went around like that, standing and giving their titles, "Poseidon, god of the Ocean, Earthquakes and Horses." "Demeter, goddess of fertility, agriculture, nature and the seasons." "Ares, god of war, violence and bloodshed," he said, kissing his knife. "Athena, goddess of wisdom and battle strategy." "Apollo, god of AWESOMNESS!" yelled the blonde teen, throwing his hands in the air as throne 11 whooped for him, and the others rolled their eyes. "Apollo," threatened the auburn haired girl. "Fine baby sis." "I'm not your sis ," she hissed, ooh! That rhymes! "Are too." "Am not." "Are too." "Am not." "Are too." "Am not." "Are too." "Am not." I noticed me look-alike say something to his friends, who all just nodded ruefully. "CHILDREN!" yelled Hera look-alike, "SHUT UP AND CARRY ON!" I saw Apollo whisper something to Artemis, who just nodded. "Anyways, as I was saying, god of God of light, knowledge, healing, plague and darkness, the arts, music, poetry, prophecy, archery, the sun, manly youth, and beauty," he kissed his muscles as he said the last part. "Artemis, Goddess of the hunt, virginity, childbirth, archery, the moon, and all animals." "Aphrodite, goddess of love, beauty and desire." "Hephaestus, god of fire and the forge." "Hermes, god of messengers, travellers, thieves and games." "Dionysus, god of wine, madness, celebrations, and ecstasy." "Hades, god of the underworld, the dead and riches." "Persephone, goddess of springtime." "Hestia, goddess of the home and the hearth." "Triton, messenger of the seas." "Amphitrite, queen of the seas." "Alright, now that that's all sorted, half-bloods, it's your turn," said Apollo. "Alright," said me look-alike. They had a silent conversation amongst themselves, nodded, then shoved Grover look-alike in front. "HEY!" he protested. "Sorry G-man, but we had a vote," said me look-alike. He sighed, "Alright, fine, Grover Underwood, Lord of the wild, satyr and my favorite god is Dionysus," he then proceeded to make some vines erupt from the god and high-five me look-alike, good to know we're still best friends in an AU. Then came Thalia look-alike, "Thalia- just Thalia, daughter of Zeus~" Then Hades and Poseidon look-alikes turned simultaneously at Zeus look-alike. "YOU BROKE THE OATH!?" they yelled. Now I had no idea what they were talking about, but they were