Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction intended for entertainment purposes only. The characters and world belong to Stephenie Meyer, I just like playing with them. AN: Hello and welcome! If you are new to Panthalassa I think going back to read the first story in the series (Panthalassa: Low Tide) would probably help you in understanding what is going on in this story. If you have already read the first story I would like to give you plenty of warning. High Tide is much darker. It has a lot of extreme and violent themes. And while I try not to make it too gory, some details need to be known. So I have rated High Tide as M. ..~.. Panthalassa: High Tide Chapter 1 – Attraction ..~.. October 1st, my nineteenth birthday was the day I started recording my first song at Land Ocean records. Alice had been furious that I had refused a birthday party in lieu of starting my singing career. To say that Branson and Greg had been surprised at my appearance in their studio just over a month ago would have been an understatement. Alice had made me wear a long black wig, done up with a plait, green colored contacts and what would become my signature, a mask that covered the area around my eyes. Greg actually had been affronted by it, saying that selling the image was almost if not more important than the music. Branson, always the quirky energetic guy, thought this gimmick would actually work out really well. Both of them, as artists, respected the fact I wanted my voice and music to be known on their own and that my personal life and my personality would have little to no bearing on my fan base. Edward had thought up my stage name which I actually didn't initially like, but I got used to it rather quickly. ANNonymous was what I to be known by and the only origins that the public would ever know about me was that I was born in England and grew up in the Midwest. Branson had taken to calling me Ann to make sure he didn't slip up. Jasper had acted as my lawyer and made the record company sign disclosure agreements. Neither Greg nor Branson were allowed to ever tell anyone my true identity. They were being paid a substantial percent of my earnings for their discretion. The rest of my earnings were being anonymously donated to the ASPCA. I had always had a small spot for creatures being abused. With all of that set up I had a couple other provisos that really got to Greg. I wanted to do a throwback to the times before editing software and sound systems to help improve the quality of the songs. I wanted to record my songs in one take with the band Branson set up, which happened to be the other band signed to Land Ocean Records, the Shells. The guys in the band were really excited to work with me, and never once commented on my mask or the fact my hair changed color every other day as we worked together getting the composition right. Edward had to come in a couple days for our practices because I was having a hard time communicating the melody I wanted at the bridge of one of the songs. One of the biggest reasons I wanted to record my songs live was that I didn't want to mislead people about what I sounded like. Eventually I would be performing in front of people in clubs and I wanted the same sound they heard in the song to be heard live. Alice had placed herself firmly as my wardrobe and makeup artist, giddy with excitement over the future she kept seeing. Seth had volunteered to be a sort of body guard for me, as Alice foresaw massive mobs and paparazzi trying to get a single picture of me without my mask, one day in the distant future. We finished recording the songs in the mid afternoon; we only got through the two songs we'd been practicing. We were going to start the next three I'd written later that week. The family, although I didn't see them as often as they would like, was happy for me. Jasper kept sending me lyrics he'd written, and I'd have about 12 new songs by the time my original 11 were recorded. I was driven vampire speed back to the main house for a small celebration. Small being the operative word, as punishment to Alice for all of her meddling I had demanded that only Esme and Bella could plan things for my party. It was a little hilarious to watch Alice squirm and make faces as she saw different outcomes for my party while she had been with me at the studio. Several times in the weeks leading up to my birthday I'd catch her frantically texting someone just after a vision. She thought she was being sneaky. For the most part I stayed at my tiny place, Kevin and I were still together but we only saw each other twice a week, and now with me starting my recordings it might be just once a week. He wasn't happy about it. In fact we'd had a fight about how little we had been seeing each other a couple days ago. I hadn't told any of the family about it, as I felt it wasn't any of their business. But it bothered me that Kevin and I hadn't made up yet. I didn't really think of my family and I as having "made up" as I was still carrying around some residual resentment for their secrets and lies, but it was a comfortable truce. Esme and Carlisle seemed edgy, as much as vampires could, that I hadn't really warmed back up to them. It must have been torture for them both when I kept refusing to accept the new family credit card, or stay at the house more than one night in a row. There had been a small argument between Carlisle and myself through texts on that matter. The fight had gone on much longer than it should because I was having too much fun with it, as Carlisle couldn't call me because he was at work, and I couldn't (wouldn't) answer while I was rehearsing at the studio. The amount of hilarity in a nearly 400 year old man arguing with an eighteen year old over the use of the family fortune through text messages was massive. Sad thing was I could tell no one why I kept giggling whenever I checked my phone. In the end though, I won. At least until I was changed I was going to live off my money. The money from my trust and whatever I'd earned from 42. Even then it wasn't really enough, but I had never needed much. Now Alice was buying all my clothes so I barely had any expenses at all. I got out of Alice's bright yellow X-Edison z500, and followed her into Seth's house. Light classical music was being played, and I could see soft lighting flowing out of the windows as I approached the front door. Alice was smiling at me, in her now typical self effacing way, holding the door open. First thing I noticed was a whole set up for a band where Seth's entertainment center usually was, and a nice black dance floor in front of it where his couches usually were. When I turned my attention away from the display in the living room I nearly laughed as allof the vampire men were wearing pop-punk and gothic wear. "I think I already like Bella's idea of a party," I blurted out. It got a laugh from Edward, Rose and Esme. Carlisle had his perfect blonde hair spiked into a Mohawk, and metal chains going from his ear to his lip, someone had put heavy black eyeliner on him. While all of them were wearing clothes that would have been perfect in any punk club, I wondered if the various females in the house were enjoying the looks the boys were sporting far beyond the normal enjoyment I felt. Confirming this was Alice who was openly leering at Jasper. I wasn't sure how a vampire orgy was going to make this a birthday party- Edward burst out laughing and bent over his knees. "We decided to put on a concert for you Evangeline," Carlisle spoke up, possibly seeing where my imagination was going, with the way Rose was now hanging off of Emmett. Suddenly I realized we were missing two people. "Seth and Jake are going to be here in a moment, they aren't joining our band, sadly. Jake said something about not being caught dead in eyeliner," Jasper stated. "Which is a shame," Ren lamented coming up to my left and hooking her arm with mine, "He would look really handsome in it." "A Native American version of Captian Jack Sparrow?" I teased, while Bella handed me a glass of something fizzy. "If that ends up making you happy babe I would be thrilled to oblige," Jake's booming voice came from the back of the house. Both Rose and Edward started making retching noises at that, which garnered laughter from Jasper and Emmett. I threw back a sip of the sparkling juice Bella had given me, I frowned a bit as I realized it wasn't alcoholic. When Seth and Jake walked into the room my eyes went wide. Their usual shaggy hair was cut short and they looked almost like Native American male models ready for a runway walk in their tailored shirts and slacks. Seth was grinning wide when he rushed over to me, only to pick me up and swing me around causing me to laugh lightly. Esme huffed slightly having watched the remainder of my drink fly out of my glass. "It's cool Esme, this is my place, hey Jake show her how we do it here," Seth grinned and put me down. Jake threw a towel from the kitchen to Seth and Seth just put it on top of the spill, not bothering to bend over and wipe it up. This only seemed to agitate Esme more. Not cleaning something properly must really get to someone who could see individual dust pieces as they floated in the air. "So why are the natives dressed like the mafia, and you lot are dressed like…" I left the word hang in the air as I gestured to the vampires. "One of your favorite bands was Green Day," Jasper said factually. I didn't bother asking how they knew that. "So this is a Green Day concert is it?" I asked and Emmett blurred to the drums and started hitting a solid beat. "Damn right little sis," Jasper winked at me, and Alice mock swooned at her husband as he picked up the base. The mock swoon turned into a real one as they started playing without any introductions. I was curious if Edward or Carlisle would be singing Billie Joe Armstrong's parts. Edward had such a clear and profound voice, while Billie had a sort of nasally stuffed up singing voice that was hard to replicate. I was awed when Edward really got into it and they opened up with "Minority". Carlisle was really shredding the guitar and my mouth was agape watching the four of them literally rock out. Seth grabbed me by the hand and we started doing a little Irish type jig to the song, but when the next song started I screamed and ran to "mosh" with Ren, Alice, and Rose at the front of the stage. The best part of them playing Green Day songs was the fact Edward had to curse when the lyrics caused for it. I took a glance at my sisters and saw all of their eyes had gone black