The Royal Courtesan "Oh no." The fair elf shook his head determinedly backing away from the dark haired elleth before him. "No, no, no, no, no." He glared at the offending item of clothing she was waving in front of his face like a banner. "Oh but, Legolas." Arwen smiled and fluttered her eyelashes as she had done when they were elflings. "For me." She knew he had never been able to resist her pleas. "Please, mellon nin. It is just your colour." It had started with a diplomatic visit by a delegation from the far north. Elessar had long been working on a way to forge an alliance with the clans dwelling on the borders and much rested upon how this present sojourn went. So far the delegates appeared to have had no cause for complaint about either their reception or treatment and in fact, seemed to have thoroughly enjoyed their tours of the city and revelled in the banquets held in their honour. Discussions had been friendly and pleasurable and the king and his advisors had been pleasantly surprised by the northmen's apparent eagerness for the alliance. It only remained for the treaty, which had been drawn up and agreed by both sides, to be signed and everyone could breathe a sigh of relief for a job well done. This was where Arwen and the article of clothing she was so insistent upon their woodland friend wearing, came in. It had been decided that the signing of the treaty be done in public to show the men of the north how important it was to Gondor and that this should be followed by a great, celebratory feast in their honour. Arwen had, of course, taken over the arrangements for the celebration and had decided to embrace both cultures in its décor, food and dress. Much research had since been undertaken and the seamstresses and cooks had been working non-stop for days to ensure all was as their queen wished. Strange smells from the kitchens had pervaded the whole of the palace as various dishes had been prepared, rejected, adjusted and cooked again, over and over to ensure their palatability to both guests and residents. Queen Arwen had insisted upon a mixture of cuisines from both Gondor and the delegate's homeland to help emphasise their new found friendship and accord. Not all of the scents arising had been pleasant however and the gardens had oft been overrun by those palace dwellers who had been at liberty to escape to the fresher air. Even the king had not been immune and on two occasions, after particularly difficult mornings for the cooks, Elessar had been forced to hold council in the, more fragrant, rose gardens, which were a goodly distance from the kitchens. With regards to dress for the event, the queen had been particularly keen on the members of the court and council adopting some of the north men's various forms of national dress. This, Arwen felt, would show just how much Gondor valued the treaty and respected their new allies. Various patterns and materials had been sought and deliberated over, the queen having seemingly enlisted half the ladies at court to offer their opinions, before the seamstresses had been commissioned, then, the whole procedure had begun again, as they in turn gave their views as to which fabric would work with which pattern and style and which outfit would best suit whom. It only remained for the various recipients to try their garments for size and fit. This was where the trouble had started. It began, of course, with the king himself. Arwen had made three appointments for Elessar to meet with the royal seamstress for his fitting but each time, on the morn of the appointment, something 'important' had interfered with his attendance. Eventually the only way she had been able to get the two together was by inviting the seamstress to join them for a private luncheon, without telling the king, and having her bring the garments at the same time. The loud shouts of dismay and disbelief made everyone in the vicinity of the queen's sitting rooms rush to be elsewhere. At the same time the lady Eowyn had been tasked with ensuring that all was well with the clothing made for her husband, Lord Faramir. As the king's chief advisor and steward, he would also be wearing a style of the foreign national dress but until presented with it had had no idea of its form. True to say at that point, the part of the palace in which their quarters lay, had also become anathema to passers-by. It took quite a while for both ladies to restore order to their rooms and calm their gentlemen to states more befitting their stations, with pleas, sacrifices, entreaties and even threats utilised in numbers unheard of before. Eventually, however, peace returned to the palace, although its residents now had to become accustomed to their previously equable king and his steward, glowering at all and sundry as they stalked grimly through its corridors. Everyone was extremely relieved when all was finally ready and the big day had arrived. The kitchens were running at full tilt, the gardens and coronation plateau were strewn with colourful ribbons and bunting, with a myriad candles placed ready to light when evening fell. The heavy oak table and king's high backed chair had been carried manfully by the palace guard out of the great hall and placed near to the white tree, along with some lesser chairs for the dignitaries in readiness for the actual signing, all under Queen Arwen's ever watchful presence. That the poor men had had to move the table four times before she was happy with its position, was neither here nor there. Finally happy to leave the remainder of the tasks to be supervised by the Lady Eowyn the queen had then turned to what could be the final obstacle in the smooth running of the day's proceedings. Legolas. As the leader of the colony of elves now residing in Ithilien and King Elessars most trusted friend and advisor Legolas had been included amongst those Arwen had chosen for the honour of wearing the foreign national dress. In fact, he was to don the most distinctive of the fashion along with the king and the steward. Unfortunately she had been unable to speak to the elf concerning this matter in the recent hectic days so although a note had been sent appraising him of the dress code, there had been neither time nor opportunity for either viewing or fitting of the garments he was to wear. Thus it was that, moments prior to the signing, Arwen found herself confronted by a very unhappy, belligerent wood elf. "It is not the colour I object to gwathel nin," Legolas pointed out indignantly. "'Tis the…. the… thing itself!" "tis what the north men wear to appear their most impressive Legolas, "Arwen smiled sweetly, determined not to lose the battle. "And 'tis called a…." "I do not care what they call it Arwen," the wood elf replied firmly, cutting off her words with an imperious wave of his hand. "And they may wear it if they will… but I will not." He folded his arms across his chest and glared as if daring her to force him into wearing it. "But Estel and Faramir will be wearing them, mellon nin," The queen was having difficulty keeping her voice sweet. "And your bothers?" He raised a brow archly. "Ah, well." Arwen smiled nervously. "They, they suggested that they be dressed in their usual garb, as commanders of the kings army," she paused to lick her suddenly dry lips. "They will, after all, be on duty," "Ah, of course." Legolas smiled wryly. "I might have known that pair would have some excuse ready." He said sharply, flinging his arms up in disgust and walking over to the large stone fireplace that was, as yet unlit. "Please, mellon nin, it is only for this one day." Following him she held out the garment once more. "You know I would not ask if it were not important. Gondor needs this treaty." For a moment they stood, warm chocolate eyes pleading with icy, sky blue then, at last, the prince looked away, his cool façade crumbling. He never had been able to deny the beautiful Evenstar anything she wished. "This once, gwathel nin, just this once, "he growled and took the offending item between his thumb and forefinger as if it were a tainted rag. "I will do this if you promise never to ask me to wear foreign garb ever again." His eyes sparkled with intent. "I promise, Legolas, I promise." In her relief Arwen would have agreed to almost anything at that moment. "I will never ask again gwador nin, never." A brief nod of the head and a raised eyebrow greeted her words and she let out a sigh of relief. The prince had capitulated much faster and easier than she had thought that he would. "I had best leave you to get ready." The queen moved towards the door. "Aragorn will be so grateful to have your support in this Legolas." She smiled. "Hannon le." "He does not know just how grateful he will have to be." The wood elf muttered under his breath as she swept out of the room. "I'm sure you will think of something 'Las." Shooting her departing figure one last venomous glance as she uttered the lightly trilled riposte, he marvelled at how it was she still managed to twist him around her little finger after all these years. It was nearing the middle of the day and the sun shone down from a clear azure sky as if blessing the upcoming event with its light. Men and women of all age and class had crowded into the allotted area and were presently keenly awaiting the royal party's arrival. A slight, welcome breeze played with the ribbons and bunting, making them dance gaily, almost in time to the soft music that wafted over from the small troupe of players, a mix of elven and human, seated presently in the shade of the palace walls but who had been wandering amongst the gathering throng throughout the morning. The guardsmen forming two lines from the great wooden doors of the kings palace, that were only ever opened for state occasions, to the signing table were, as ever, standing alertly to attention, their black breastplates, emblazoned with the symbol of the white tree, shining brightly as sunbeams played over the inlaid mithril, sending flashes of light into the crowds. Seated beside the table upon which the treaty had been carefully placed and weighted down with silver spheres were the foreign dignitaries, regardfully taking in their surroundings and chatting quietly amongst themselves in anticipation. A sudden hush fell as a single bugle rang out from atop the ramparts and all eyes turned to the doors below which slowly creaked open to allow the assembled throng the first glimpse of the royal entourage. Leading the way were the tall, imposing and darkly beautiful captains of the kings army. Dressed alike in charcoal leather breeches, knee high riding boots, pristine, white silk shirts with charcoal tunics bearing the entwined emblems of the king of Gondor and the elven realm of Imladris overtopped by long, dark as night cloaks that swirled about their ankles as they strode confidently forward, they appeared both deadly yet fair to behold. Mirror images, each bore their mighty sword on the opposite hip to the other, hands resting on the gilded hilts in relaxed readiness, their sharp eyes scanned the crowds continuously as they lead the way between the stationed guards. They were followed by a small platoon of soldiers, their ceremonial armour polished and gleaming in the sunlight, with pikes and heads held high. A fine sight to behold yet ready for action should the need arise. Lords and