The Last Green Leaf The halls are so silent and still they may as well have been deserted except for the noiseless shadow creeping along the once lively corridors. Tall, he is and lithe, yet none would know from the way his shoulders slump and his feet shuffle along in an aimless, unending meander. The face, once fair and proud enough to win any maidens heart would break it now with one glance at its gaunt and pallid mask, frozen in perpetual sorrow. He wanders on. Allowing restless feet to chose their path, eyes vacantly staring into the past, neither here nor there. A ghost in corporeal form, unwilling to live, unable to die, suspended in the waking nightmare that has become his life. He stops, his way barred by an ornately carven door and reaches out an almost translucent hand to depress the silver handle and as the door silently opens he glides inside the room it guards. Elrond sighs, this is not going well, leaning back in his chair he raises long, elegant fingers to his temples and begins massaging the aching points with smooth circular movements. He is rapidly running out of options and is beginning to feel each one of his centuries of life bearing down upon him with such a pressure he suspects his knees should be buckling under it. If not for Galadriel he would have long left this gloomy, Valar forsaken spot and rushed back to the wife who was his home and comfort, yet she had begged him stay, warned him with her usual cryptic words that should he fail dire consequences would follow without revealing what or how or even why. His mind wanders to his beloved Celebrian and a gentle smile lights up his stern features, smoothing away the cares and worries to reveal his timeless beauty. How he misses her, and their children, he sighs once more. He needs to go home. To rest in the peace of his beloved haven, yet how could he be so selfish. How could he walk away and leave this once great realm to flounder and fall. There must be a way. He reaches out to the journal resting upon the table before him and once more begins to write. Standing silently in front of the great tapestry hanging on the wall, the wraithlike elf stares with unblinking eyes, as unmoving as the figures depicted by silken threads save for the silver pearls of moisture tracking down porcelain cheeks. A soft whisper of air lifts a white gold strand of his hair, teasing it lightly before moving on to play briefly with a sage green filament worked loose by the passage of time and wistful fingers. The four beings before him gaze out over the room regardless, caught in a moment of joyous celebration for perpetuity, their fair faces smiling with a happiness he can no longer bear to witness. Falling to his knees as if in supplication his head lolling back as he lifts his gaunt, pallid face to the ceiling, he opens his mouth and emits a keening wail fit to tear any heart it touches to tattered shreds. "Cook thought you may need a little light refreshment my lord." Elrond blinks as awareness slowly returns bringing the gentle aromas of fresh tea and newly baked bread. A servant is trying to juggle a salver in one hand whilst attempting to move the writing implements he has fallen into reverie over with the other and he swiftly reaches out to save the toppling inkwell from its attempt to ruin the painstaking notes he has so far jotted down. "Ah, hannon le, thank you," he manages to mumble out as nimble fingers also retrieve the journal from under the tray just as it is about to descend onto the open pages. "That smells most inviting." He smiles up at the servant and she bows her head slightly in acknowledgement before turning to leave. "If there is anything else you need please.." the elleths words as she reaches the doorway are abruptly curtailed as an unearthly cry reverberates through the air momentarily freezing them in place in its unqualified sorrow. "Thranduil!" Dread and Fear clutch at Elronds fea as he recognises the tortured voice behind the sound and he leaps to his feet, his friends name spilling from concerned lips, before pushing past the stunned serving elleth in his haste to leave the room and find the anguished king. Pulled relentlessly along dark corridors by the heartrending wail Elronds feet fly without conscious control. His mind whirls as he runs through all he has ever learned about elven grief and then begins begging the Valar to intercede as he realises it is not enough. Almost skidding around a corner, all trace of elven grace and dignity left behind in his mad rush, he collides with another slender figure and the two tumble to the floor in a clattering, tangled heap of limbs, and armaments just as the loud cry abruptly stops. With a brief shake of the head as he notices the sword, lodged point first in the floor merely a fingers width from his left ear he turns to find a pair of pale green eyes wide open in shock, gazing into his own. "Hir, nin, forgive me," the auburn haired warriors voice is soft and carries a wealth of concern, "I did not hear your approach under the sound.." he breaks off as Elrond helps him to his feet, scanning him quickly with practised eyes to ensure he is unharmed by their encounter. "'Twas not your fault pen neth, young one, 'twas my own haste caused the accident. You have my deepest apologies." Without waiting for any reply the lord was gone, once more hurrying along, his heart beating faster than ever as he ponders the meaning of the silence that has fallen, completely unaware of the gaggle of concerned elves he is leaving in his wake. Reaching out with his senses he seeks the way and allows himself to be led along, as a horse by a halter, until a richly carved door bars his way. Taking hold of the handle, which seems to beckon to his fingers, he gives a gentle push downwards and the door opens smoothly for him to pass through. His eyes scan the room in which he finds himself. It is, he realises Orophers study. His favoured retreat from the day to day running of the realm. The place he would come to think, and find peace from the demands placed upon him that sometimes became almost impossible to bear. Elrond has only been allowed within its hallowed walls a few times in the past and never without the kings presence. He feels a nervous sense of unease, like an elfling being caught out in some piece of mischief he knows is wrong. His feet are drawn across the room towards the huge tapestry that dominates the decor, it depicts the royal family in one of their happiest moments. A woven memory of lighter times, before the evil that was Sauron had descended upon the world and corrupted so much that had been pure. A slight widening of the eyes and small intake of breath is all that denotes when he spies the figure, lying sprawled upon the floor under the great hanging, pale and apparently lifeless, white gold hair fanned out around his head, usually bright silver blue eyes closed tight in unnatural sleep. Elrond kneels and breathes a quiet prayer of thanks as he sees the flicker of movement under the parchment thin eyelids and the faint rise and fall of the emaciated chest. "Aie, Thranduil," the lord whispers gently. "What has become of you, mellon nin." Reaching out to smooth a lock of once glorious hair from the fallen Sindas brow he smiles sadly. The king is fading and with all the knowledge and lore he possesses he is unable to stop the process. His friend is disappearing before his eyes and there is naught he can do. Warm brown eyes mist with tears and he gathers the slight figure into his arms. If only Oropher had waited. Why did he have to be so stubbornly independent? Why force the charge like he did? Why did he not wait? He rocks backwards and forwards holding Thranduil tightly in his arms as the questions flood through his mind and threaten to overwhelm his sanity. Oceans of dark creatures cover the plain before the black gate all chanting and jeering in the foul black speech that makes even men's ears cringe to hear. They stand facing this foul army, elves and men and dwarves, all gathered with one purpose in mind. To put an end at last to the evil of Sauron and lift the darkness which is beginning to pervade the land. Gil-galad stands tall and proud at the head of the army, Elrond, trusted advisor and friend, to his right hand. Surveying the scene before him the High King of the Noldor waits, the time is not yet ripe to give the command to attack. From the corner of his eye Elrond sees movement and for a moment is speechless with horror as he turns to see the silvan elves, King Oropher himself in the lead, rushing forward to engage with the orc forces. His mind screams out to them to stop but he can make no sound, move not a muscle. All he can do is to watch in anguish as the scantily equipped army are decimated, Oropher himself disappearing under a wave of dark creatures, before the command is given and the full force of the alliance joins the fray. Opening eyes that have been unnaturally closed in sleep Thranduil stares at the ceiling above him, following the whirls and patterns described by branches carved from the stone that look real enough to almost fool a wood elf into thinking he sleeps among the trees. He is tired. So very tired. The years since Dagorlad have been wearing to say the least. Thrust into a role he never expected to have to take, the loss of not only his majestic and oft distant father but his beautiful, loving mother and joyfully youthful sister have taken its toll. Made king, on a raging battlefield, of the meagre army that remained after his fathers impulsive foray, he had held together for the good of his people, determined to recoup something from all the destruction. He had not at first realised that his mother had also perished at her husbands side but once informed he carefully pushed the information to a far corner of his mind to deal with later. The eventual withdrawal from the battle, the gathering of what was left of his kin, and their journey home to Greenwood the Great had kept his mind from dwelling upon the losses so close to his heart and he had endured. Even when the final blow came and the sister he idolised was struck down by a stray arrow in a short and ugly fight with a rag tag band of orcs unhoused by the war, he had not caved, had remained determined to do the duty drummed into him by his father, over the many years since his birth. But he could go on no more, his heart was broken, his fea ready to fly, he was weary to the bone and all he craved was peace. A small sound alerts the king to another's presence and he turns his head to find Elrond, slumped forward in a high backed chair pushed close to the bed upon which he lies. He studies the noldo carefully, brown eyes are glazed in reverie yet the heavy dark circles underneath each reveal that sleep had not been a regular companion for the elf of late. The youthful face, belying his many centuries, looks almost peaceful, except for a small crease between the dark brows, always