Oh God she looked beautiful, much more so than I remember, but she is a woman now so I guess she should. I knew she would be beautiful, but I never imagined...this...this perfection. This can't be real, I am dreaming, but why now? After four years of peace - finally - why now? "You are dreaming Jake" What the fuck! I spun on my heel so fast I damn near lost my footing and ass planted. "Who the fuc..." I lost my voice. This isn't real, can't be. Just to make sure I turn to double check and, yup, there you are, still sleeping wrapped in your sheet. Your hair sprawled out like an aura with its shine, one beautiful, delicate hand lightly brushing your nose, the other hidden under the pillow. Your face is peaceful, so like the last time I saw you. "Must be nice to just remember me happy..." Shit, forgot you were there. "happy and in love with you, my soul mate." You scoff when you say it. I can practically see the air quotes. It hurts when you say it like that, I honestly didn't think that you could affect me anymore. But here I am so entranced with seeing you again that I don't have a single thought in my head but you. And then I notice it, you, the you that is standing here talking to me, look the same. Not like the you sleeping, that you has grown into her body and I can see how your face has matured. But with you standing here I see that you look the same as you did the first day that I imprinted on you, down to the outfit. "That's because this isn't me, this is you" "What the hell does that mean" Finally, found my fucking voice. "What's happening? Where am I?" I had a lot more questions but those seem the most important at the moment. "Yes, I suppose they are" You giggle. God I missed that sound- wait, what, how did you... "I'm in your head, this is all.." your wave your hands around " in your head." "Care to elaborate on that?" "Sure, you always were a little slow on the uptake. Let's see..hmmm..where should I start." I hate when you do that-well did that- taunt me until I lose my shit. "Oh I know you hate it" I keep forgetting that she is in here. "But you also love it, so I do it. " "Whatever, can I get an answer to, oh I don't know, one of my questions? " I am starting to get a little pissed off, now matter how much I love seeing your face. "I am glad that you are happy to see me maybe that means there is some hope after all." Just as I go to open my mouth, you silence me by holding a hand to my mouth "For the love of God Jake, shut up and I will tell you." Your laughing again, and it makes me feel lighter than I have in so long. "Anyways, just to move things along, cause there isn't much time left, this is li" "What do you mean not muc.." If looks could kill, I would be dead right now. Zipping my mouth and crossing my arms I just nodded for her to continue. "So, to simplify, right now this is a dream-sorta. You see, we are still connected, the imprint is not broken because you're an idiot." She fixed me with a pointed stare, " no, it's there in the background, drowning in your subconscious, hence me. Our souls are still connected Jake, it is just no longer a strong one, it is almost broken in fact." You look so happy with the prosepect of it breaking, gleeful almost. "Why do you look so put out? You never wanted the stupid thing to begin with?" Stupid thing. Stupid thing. Stupid thing. Those two words were on repeat in my head, over and over again I heard her beautiful melodic voice telling me our bond was just some...stupid thing. "Well it was Jake. It made my high school experience a nightmare and then put me through the worst pain of my entire life. It didn't mean anything to you, you fought it the beginning, cheated on me in the middle, and then for the big finale...you left me. You left me without a word, without any kind of explanation, or even a goodbye. You remember me happy because you didn't stick around for the sad, for the brokenness." I could see it written all over your face, the sadness. I could actually feel it, like a physical pain in my chest, and I hated myself for it. I hated myself because of how your face looked from a memory, and as much of a coward that makes me, I don't want to see you now. God that sounds so fucking bad, and I know I am a pussy, but I can't look at what I did to you. I can't see you broken, so I just never went back. "Yes Jake, you are a coward but that is why I'm here. I came to give you a gift, because even after everything, I want you to be happy. And that " she pointed at you, still sleeping, the sheet having disappeared so that I can see all of you. "..well not exactly that" Lina said blushing a little. " But I came to show you me. To give you the gift of freedom. No guilt, no wondering 'what if' or 'how is she' in the back of your head, no more imprint. I am showing you that I am okay, that I not only survived but that I thrived Jacob. You will wake up soon so just look around for a little while longer. Look at my accomplishments and my happiness. Look at me and let go, once and for all, okay?" To be honest I am a little dumbfounded, it's one thing to just see you again- at all. And now here you are, the girl I imprinted on and fell in love with, the girl I hurt and left behind. But to have you standing here, looking like you did the day we met, and then looking at you now, I am in awe. Everything your saying is coming in a little fuzzy, I hear it, but it's not...registering I guess you could say. It's hard to look at you, even when you're talkng, because I am mesmorized by you lying completely exposed to me on the bed. You're so perfect it's unreal, this can't be real. "It is real Jake, and thank you for the compliments." You're blushing again, it's captivating. Just as I turn to look at you sleeping the image goes blank. But I saw it, I know I did. "What the fuck was that?" Yelling at her as I turned around again. "It's time for me to get the hell outta here, but I hope your ha...oww, that fuckin hurts you moron, let go." Prolly not the best idea to grab her like that, but fuck that, I yanked her up against me by her elbow, " Answer me Lina, what the fuck was that!" "Let go of me Jacob." Your eyes are like steel. There is no warmth or kindness for me right now. So I let go only to watch you take two, kinda big, steps back from me. "What, are you pissed off because I took away the nice view. Well I didn't come to give you a fuckin peep show you fucker, I came to let you know that I was okay, so that you could fully let go and be happy. Don't be an asshole and ruin it." She's right. I know she's right. I should just thank her and let her go. But I can't stop picturing it, and the rage I feel is eating at me. I feel like I am boiling from the inside out. But your right. I know you're right. I should stop and let it go, let you go. But I can't stop, can't stop seeing that big brown, calloused fucking hand sliding along your perfectly smooth caramel skin. So I do the inevitable, I do what I always do, I fuck it up. "No Lina, tell me what the fuck that was!" "You know what it was, why do you want me to say it? I am not trying to start a new...whatever it is with you, I am just trying to let you be happy Jake. I don't want to fight and hurt each other any more, okay?" "Okay, no more hurting each other." I will never get tired of seeing you smile. "But I still want to see." It's not a question so much as a statement. I really hate seeing your face fall, your full lips falling into a frown. " Look, you said you came back to show me that you were happy and that your life was full, right?" "RIght. Not to give you a private screening." Crossing your arms over your chest in defiance. You're exhausting, "Look, I hate that someone is fucking touching you at all right now, so getting off is the last thing on my mind. I don't know why" and I didn't, "and I know it's masochistic," which it is, "but I just want to see. Please Lina." You're biting your lip and there is a deep crease in your eyebrows, that only appears when you're really concentrating. Finally you stop focusing on the floor and nod your consent. "You weren't meant to see this." You look so crest fallen, so resigned. But you stand by your word and I am momentarily knocked stupid at the image in front of me. There you are, back arched with your pert tits pointing to the ceiling, hands thrown behind your head trying to latch onto anything you can, moaning and panting. I was getting turned on, I could feel my dick starting to get hard, but as soon as it came it went. I was so focused on you getting off, I didn't think how it was happening until one of your hands flew under this sheet and there it was, that hand that fucking haunted me, snaking its way out from under the sheet, sliding up your sweat sheened body only to stop tug at your nipples. God Lina, the moaning, it was killing me. I know how you sound in the sack, I know what's genuine with you and what's not, and what you're doing now, the whimpers and gasps, those are all real. You love it, and I fucking hate you for it. As that dickhead starts moving his fingers to your mouth the sheets begins to fall away, only to reveal a tanned, muscular fucking arm. 'Of course, she wouldn't want a runt after being with an alpha.' I was a mixture of arrogant, pissed off, and jealous. While I'm sitting here killing the bastard with my stare, the sheet falls back more, enough to reveal a tattoo. A pack tattoo. WHAT THE FUCK!? MY FUCKIN PACKMATE! "Who was that Lina! Tell me who that fucking WAS!" I'm over-reacting, I know it, but how could she. How could she be with one of my brothers? Actually no, fuck that, how could one of my so called fuckin 'brothers' fuck my soul mate! "Because I am not your soul mate remember? You said so yourself, time and time again. You fought with everything you had to be rid of me, and you got what you wanted, so you have no reason, or any right really, to be any of the things you are being right now. You didn't want me Jake, did you think that I was so unlovable that nobody would...ever?" I can see your eyes starting to gloss over, I hate so much