Cast: Harry J Potter-Matt Damon Ron Weasley-Damian Lewis The Alchemist-Daniel Day Lewis Aurora- Mary Louise Parker Kingsley Shacklebolt-George Harris Ginny Potter-Jessica Chastain Hermione Granger-Weasley-Emily Blunt Connor Walker-Steven Strait Albus Potter-Ben Barnes James Potter-Tyler Hoechlin Lily Potter-Anna Kendrick Draco Malfoy-Daniel Craig Astoria Greengrass-Eva Green Scorpius Malfoy-Alex Pettyfer Rose Weasley-Emma Stone Hugo Weasley-Ed Sheeran Teddy Lupin-Tom Welling Victoire Weasley-Blake Lively Dominique Weasley-Brittany Snow Louis Weasley-Max Thierot Roxanne Weasley-Tinashe Kachingwe Fred Weasley II-Jesse Williams Molly Weasley-Bella Thorne Robbie Dunham-Bryan Cranston A/N:What a ride this has been. I have been reading fanfiction for 12 years now(im 23 now) and this is my first foray into the other side, the writing. This is the culmination of years and years of ideas and I guess this is just me writing the story i always wanted to read. There will be twist and there will be turns. Drama. Violence.A bit of romance. I dont really know. Without further ado! P.S. JK Rowling owns all of this. "I fucking hate the rain. I hate the way that all the kids dress like poofs these days. You remember the way the old man use to dress? That was much better; I will never understand how we made it so far dressing in robes though. We looked like right tos-" "Ron." "Yeah mate?" "You're rambling again." "Oh...Sorry Harry." Harry Potter sighed and leaned back surveying the building from the inauspicious car he and his best mate were using. They had changed immensely from the same two boys who had once flown Ron's fathers Ford Anglia to Hogwarts. They had now been aurors for 8 years and were both married to their school sweethearts. His heart swelled with pride at the thought of his two year old son, James, probably at home causing all sorts of trouble. Ginny was now nearing the final months of her second pregnancy, another boy whom they had already decided to name Albus. Hermione Weasley had given birth three months ago to Ron's first child, Rose, and had only recently returned to active duty. They were currently investigating a matter of strange, high level, magical signatures emanating in and around Wiltshire. Earlier in the day they had searched the nearby monuments at Stonehenge where the famed final showdown between Godric Gryffindor and Salazar Slytherin had occurred. The place was notorious for the dormant magic that still covered the area, a testament to its to two former occupants prowess. Even the muggles could feel the magic and that alone had made it a popular tourist attraction as they attempted to figure out its mysteries. According to Robbie Dunham, the Auror Director, this mission had come straight from the minister himself. Kingsley Shacklebolt would not have requested his two best aurors for anything he didn't deem serious. Both Harry and Ron had quickly flown up the ranks and along with Hermione had been instrumental in making changes all throughout the ministry and the Wizengamot. Though he once bemoaned politics, as the head of two ancient and noble houses and the Man-Who-Won, he had unlimited political clout and didn't mind using it to get things done. It was a well-known secret that when Kingsley gave up the job, Harry would be the first name thrown out for Minister. A few would even say Kingsley was grooming Harry for the position. The sun had just gone down when the two aurors exited the non-descript car, casting disillusionment charms on themselves. They had traced the signatures to this location, a quaint little bakery seated on the edge of the town. From the outside everything looked normal but appearances could be decieving. "We haven't seen a soul all day. Are we sure we got the readings right?" said Harry. Ron took out his Deluminator, a gift from their late headmaster and the lights on the street immediately extinguished. He proceeded to extract his wand and begin an impressive bit of ward-breaking. "Why else would a muggle bakery have intricate wards like this mate." said the ginger bearded wizard. "They are obviously trying to keep someone out." "Or in..." The two wizards shared a look as the wards fell and nodded to each other in understanding. They cautiously crept up to the door and tried the lock. It was open, they entered uncertainly, wands drawn with Harry taking point. It seemed from all accounts to be a normal bakery. They silently stalked through the store checking both the front and back rooms. "Sensoria", said Harry casting a sensory charm of Hermione's invention. "All clear." spoke Harry still tense for some reason. "Something's off though." "Maybe a squib owns the place. Would explain the shop not being registered. Plenty of squibs choose to leave." said Ron as he thoroughly examined a muffin with his taste buds. He then paused. "You smell that?" Harry, for the first time took note of the smell. Ron was obviously getting something he wasn't. He was looking at his muffin strangely, as if he was trying to figure it out. He then snapped his fingers. "It's a stasis charm! Blimey! The muffins have been charmed to stay fresh. Mum use to do this when we went on hols." Harry perked up at this. "And it doesn't smell like a bakery either does it? It smells a bit like a-" "Hospital. It smells exactly like a hospital, i've been in enough to know. We're missing something here. Specialis Revelio.", he then said waving his wand again. The rug directly underneath Ron's feet unceremoniously slid away causing him to lose his balance and crash to the floor."Bloody hell Harry! A little bit of a warning next time would be nice you twat!", he said as he angrily picked himself up off the ground. "You kiss your wife and daughter with that mouth mate?" he said with a smirk. "We did at least find something." he said pointing between his friends legs. There was a ornate circular set of runes carved into the floor. They knelt down and began trying to discern the symbols on the floor. "Never seen any runes like this in my life mate. I'm rubbish with them ya know? You got any clues?" asked the red head. Harry's mind was working a meter a minute, and he thanked Professor McGonagall a thousand times over in his head for forcing him to take Ancient Runes when they returned to school for their final year. He pointed at the first rune in the set. "That one there is for water, another for carbon, ammonia, and salt. Fluorine, sulfur, iron...These are all elements. What the hell?" Harry had studied alchemy under Nicolas Flamel after the war figuring if Dumbledore had invested so much time in it, so should he. These runes, this information, was heavily guarded in the small community of alchemists. It being here deeply troubled Harry that the theoretical ingredients for human life were etched into the floor of a muggle bakery. Why it was here was an even deeper and insidious question. "In alchemy these are the building blocks of life. In theory if you had these ingredients.", he pointed at the first couple of symbols. "You could create human life. Flamel never told me if it was possible, though I suppose he knew more than he was letting on." Ron stared at the carving quizzically and stroked his beard. "So what do we do? Spit on it?" "Of course no-...Ron you are a bloody genius! Do you still carry that pocket knife?"said the black haired wizard excitedly. "Every day mate." he pulled the knife from his back pocket and tossed it to his bespectacled friend who deftly caught it in his hand. "I don't think this is the type of-. Are you mad!?", as Harry sliced his hand with blade and held it over the runes as the blood dripped to the floor. The blood coalesced into the carving and the runes began to glow a bright gold. The two aurors stood on watching, a bit mystified at what was happening. When the light dimmed down the carving had been replaced by a circular latch and man hole sized cover could be made out in the darkness. "Bugger. Did you know what was going to happen when you did that?" "I had a hunch. That spit thing really did it for me." "Oh...You're welcome then." Ron bent down and pulled the latch and hefted the cover back revealing a set of stairs descending into darkness. The air that flew up smelled remarkably less sterile. More like copper, like blood. "Wands out then." Said Harry as he descended the staircase first, his wand glowing out in front of him. Ron simply nodded and followed him down the staircase thinking out loud. "I've got a bad feeling about this. Several actually." The stench of blood got stronger as they reached the bottom of the stairs. They stood in a small room with a heavy steel door ahead of them that seemed oddly out of place. Harry walked over to examine the door as Ron peered around the room. The door was engraved in huge block letters that looked to be written in another language. Harry took out his wand and began muttering incantations for translations while Ron looked on. "How is your ancient greek Ron?" "Rusty to non-existent. Is that what we are looking at?" he answered dryly. Harry spoke as he continued to work, "No. More like a mix of several languages. Remember we saw something like this in those caves in California when we were helping Jonesy track that Nundu." "Un huh.", said Ron dismissively before crossing his arms. "Say did Jonesy ever figure out how a Nundu ended up in America? The thing was right scary it was." "Something about shady wizard black markets and squibs looking to make a lot of money with a muggle drug cartel. Apparently they enjoy feeding their friends to exotic animals." Said Harry unsurely. "Merlin. With friends like that who even needs enemies right?" Said Ron finally stepping up beside his best mate. "Is it like the other door? We have to do something to get through? Maybe take a shit on it?" Harry stood up satisfied with his work and pointed at the other latch on the door. "No this one seems normal." The two aurors shared a look. "Well as normal as this place gets. "I just want to know what it says before we run in wands blazing." Ron nodded before reading the inscription out loud. "Quod aeternitas non est in sua essentia est inmortalitatis? Any idea what means?" Harry nodded,"Vaguely. It's something Nicolas and Perrie use to say all the time. Eternity is the essence of immortality. One of those things I never really understood to be honest. I do believe we are dealing with an alchemist though. Let's push forward with caution mate." With Harry at point and Ron covering, they gingerly opened the large set of doors and entered. The smell of blood was much stronger in this room and thick with something they had not felt in a long time, dark magic. A quick lumos from Ron and they got their first glimpse of the room. It was a spacious room, much like a larger version of the Hogwarts potion laboratory. There were books strewn around on various tables along with bubbling cauldrons. Diagrams of the human body and several of its organs adorned the walls. Harry found himself transfixed as he stared at a large black tome with egyptian hieroglyphs on the front. It was a book Nicolas had forbidden him to read or speak of. The Book Of Merlin. As far as Harry knew there was only one copy and it was buried with Nicolas per his instructions. The book according to Nicolas was an instructors guide for all manners of rituals. Merlin had written it as a diary of sorts near the end of his life. Nicolas had told him that the possesion of this book had set the basis