Eleven and a half year ago, former enemies became friends, then lovers. Ten years ago, they said good-bye for the last time. What happens when a shared dream brings memories long thought to be forgotten back to the surface? When subconscious thoughts invade conscious emotions? A tale of regret and love lost…or is it? The main pairing this fic will focus around is going to be Dramione, but they are in other relationships at the "present" time. Categories: Angst/ Romance Possible Trigger: Unhappy marriage, thoughts of infidelity, infidelity, and divorce are all things that MAY end up in this fic. Rating: M for adult situations Disclaimer: I wish I were creative enough to have come up with the universe we all love to play in! Sadly, I am not. Anything that is recognizable belongs to JKR and the only compensation I receive from this fic are your responses. A/N: This was supposed to be nothing more than a cathartic one shot, but after receiving some mind-blowing feedback from a fantastic Facebook group, I've decided to expand it into a multi-chapter fic. As this is my very first, I have no idea what updates are going to look like. I'm a teacher on summer break, so as long as my muse behaves, I'll try to aim for once a week, but I can't make promises. Thank you anyone who decides to go along on this journey with me. p.s I added something from another fandom…who can find it? Ch. 1 See You Soon…I hope Knock knock knock The curly haired witch placed the book she was reading back on her nightstand as she stood to open the door for her visitor. He'd been acting distant recently, so she wanted to do her best to snap him out of whatever funk he was in while he was over. She had guessed that something had been bothering him and she wanted to get to the bottom of it by the time he left. Such was her nature. Hermione Granger was, after all, a problem solver. At least she had something planned that she knew would make him smile tonight. She'd been working on it for quite some time and was looking forward to seeing her wizard's reaction. "Hello, love" she said with a smile as she swung the door open to reveal a tall, pale, and very attractive blond man on the other side. She immediately circled her arms around his neck and leant in to press her lips against his in greeting. She felt long arms surround her and pull her in tight to his body as he responded and returned the kiss. Well at least he's still showing affection , she thought. When they broke off the kiss, she looked up at him with a grin. "I've got a treat for you today. I finally figured out the trick to getting my battery operated tele and video player to work. We're going to have an old-fashioned muggle movie night." The blond man looked at the woman currently in his arms and smiled. Leave it to that witch to know just what to do to try to make him happy. He knew his witch. He knew that she could tell something was distracting him. The truth was, he had been trying to pull away and distance himself for a few days now. Ever since he'd received that blasted owl… It's for the best , he reminded himself. He had, in fact, come over with a very specific purpose in mind, and it was not going to be pleasant for either of them. He was not, however, expecting the woman to try to fulfil one of his secret desires. Yes, it was true. Draco Malfoy had actually wanted to experience what it was like to watch a film. Ever since the Ministry mandated Muggle Studies class, the Pure-Blood Heir had a fascination with certain aspects of muggle life. Namely the technology they used to improve their lives without the use of magic. What he really found to be bloody brilliant, if he were being totally honest, was that muggles had managed to essentially make a magical photograph last well over an hour's time. He'd wanted to watch the muggle version of magic ever since it was talked about. He'd expressed his interest to Hermione in the past, but never thought she'd figure out a way to get it to work here in the magical world. "How did you stop the magic from interfering with the electic city?" he asked with wonderment. Damned that brilliant woman. She was succeeding in distracting him from his ultimate objective. He could hardly do what he came to do now… "Electricity" she said on a laugh "and it was actually just a shield charm cast around the device." "Astonishing! It's so simple." "I know, I don't know why no one's thought to try it before to be honest." "If anyone would come up with a way to integrate muggle technology in the magical would it would be you, Mi. She blushed at the compliment. "Well, thank you. What do you say we get this evening going?" She asked gesturing to the electronics in front of her. "I'm ready when you are" He said with a grin. Clearly the urgency of his mission had been temporarily forgotten about in his glee. The two walked into the sitting room hand in hand. Both enjoying the comfort of the other's touch. She felt satisfied that her plan was working, and that she would soon see her wizard return to normal. He was avoiding what he came to do, what he had to do before the night was over. He wasn't ready to let her go. She goes to sit on the sofa, her back leaning against the arm, he leans into her arms. Hermione could sense that he was still feeling quite tense. She put her hands on his shoulders and started to try to rub the tension out of him. Draco looks up at her "Why are you so kind to me?" He asks her. "You've shown me you're deserving of kindness." She shrugs. They'd been through this before. "Hermione, no one is more deserving of kindness than you, and I was the exact opposite of kind while we were in school." Enough was enough. She started to scowl, feeling her anger start to build up. "Draco, what's going on? We've been through this before. You were a spoilt, entitled, pompous git in school, yes. But that wasn't your fault. You can't blame the sins of the parents on the child." The mention of his parents made him bristle under her hands. She hoped she hadn't pushed him to far by bringing up the elder Malfoy's but she hated when he was acting so down on himself. She stopped rubbing his shoulders and moved into a position so she could look him in the eyes. "You've apologized many times, and even before the end of the war you'd started to show your true colors. You were forgiven a long time ago, Draco. I'm not sure what has been bringing you down lately, but please, don't let your past taint your present." Damn this witch really cared about him. He still found it miraculous that she would even give him the time of day. Here she was rubbing the tension out of his back, trying to make him feel better about himself when he'd come here all the while knowing he would leave her with a bruised heart. ' If only she knew how close she was to the mark about my past' he thought to himself with disgust. "you are amazing, Hermione, and I truly don't deserve you. Thank you, for the shoulder rub and the movie." "Always, Draco. You don't have to thank me. I'm happy to do it." She moved back into position with her leaning against the arm of the sofa, and Draco lying in her lap. As the opening credits began, she started to comb her fingers through his hair. It was as calming for her as it was for him. She'd started to feel comfortable with physical contact, more than comfortable, it made her feel whole. Now that's a scary thought… She could still sense how tense he was beneath the movements of her fingers, though, and it worried her. While it hadn't been nearly long enough for what she was feeling to be love, there was no denying that she felt something towards the man currently in her lap. The air around her was foreboding. Draco may be enjoying her movie, but he wasn't relaxing. Try as she might to ignore it, to deny it, she knew… Whatever was occupying his thoughts was big, and she had a feeling that it certainly wouldn't be good for her when he finally broke down and told her. They watched the movie in near silence. Both of them too lost in their own thoughts of the inevitable that was to come to be able to engage in conversation. The ending credits began to roll across the screen. The movie was over. Her time, and his, was up. He shifted his body so that he could look at the girl he'd come to care for. What he saw nearly made him fall to the ground. Her eyes were full of anxiety and something else he couldn't dare look at too closely, lest he drop his mission altogether and pull her into his arms with no intention of ever letting go. It wasn't possible now, and it didn't do a bit of good to waste time on what might have been. Time to get things moving along. As he stood, he held out his hand for her to grab on to and pulled her up so she was front to front with him. Her heart was pounding. He wrapped her in his arms and held her just a little too long and a little too tightly. The man was clearly conflicted about something. On the one hand, he was pulling away from her, yet he was also unwilling to let her go, literally, as he still held her in his arms. A full minute passed until he let go. He looked at her, his eyes looking grey and lifeless. He couldn't do this. He couldn't stand to cause her any more pain than he already had. He couldn't be a witness to the effects of his actions. So he made a decision. He would just leave. He'd try again a different day. He should have known there was no way Hermione Granger was going to let him get away with that. "I'll see you" He said, his voice wavering with uncertainty. He walked away from Hermione and headed towards the door. It was now or never. He was leaving, and something told her that once he walked out that door, he would never walk back in. She took a deep breath shaking her head side to side gently "No" She lifted her head to face him, her chocolate eyes piercing his ice grey. "you won't." He could see the tears forming in her eyes. He knew he was hurting her, was hurting himself. But what choice did he have? "Well there's not really much of a point, Granger. I'm leaving soon, and as fun as this has been, it's time to end." He tried to put as much of his old snark and malice into his words as possible. Maybe if she's angry at me, she won't hurt as much he thought. "I knew that, Draco." She looked at him, confusion written all over her face. Was this what was nagging at his mind, the fact that he was leaving? That hardly meant the end of their relationship. There were floo calls, apparition, portkey. Merlin, there were even muggle modes of communication and transportation that would make it possible for them to continue on despite the distance. It had