Back to You The west hospital room is not unfamiliar, but it has never been so chillingly austere. The room is as impeccably straightened as it was left before the war: the floor gleams in the darkness, every instrument perfectly aligned on sterile trays; even the shadows are crisply delineated. A perfect silence encloses the room, quieting light footsteps. The coldness inside is set apart by locked windows and blinds drawn shut, a clinical chill that seeps through bone and metal. It is not too different from the chill of waking up in the middle of the night with a stricken battlefield blazing behind eyes sealed shut. In the far corner, pale silk curtains cascade from the ceiling onto the floor, veiling the room's single comatose inhabitant. It has been implicitly forbidden to enter the room, but in the darkness just before dawn, all seems surreal. The battle burns under feverishly prickling skin, its ruins sunk deep to heart. Not to carry a weapon or fallen hero seems to have deprived arms of their use; they fall empty and strangely heavy. To stand before the veil is to stand upon the burning wreckage of war from which they returned. Without touching the silk curtain, its coolness percolates through numb fingers. He lies on the bed beside, arms longing to hold . Miranda fingers the pale green silk hanging before her. The edges of a long, thin sheet are suspended from the ceiling and hang over Katie's hospital bed, completely obscuring her from view. A few rays of the sun slant through the window, tracing out a soft profile of her sister. She makes out from the light gray shadows a figure lying still. It's hard to make out much else—even to see the outline of her face. She had never seemed small to her before. "Katie," Miranda breathes her name. "Hey Miranda," Katie says weakly, as if it hurts to speak. Her voice is thin and slightly rasped. Miranda recalls Will saying something about breathing in abrasive particles from the damage. He'd said a lot of things the other day that somehow amounted to this. Miranda leans against the bed and grips its edge. The still silence resettles in the empty room. She watches intently, as if she could look straight through the curtain by trying long and hard enough. Miranda fingers the ends of the curtain, wondering how this was all set up in the first place. "It's Jane's birthday in two days," Miranda tells her. Their youngest sister adores Katie. "I know she wants to see you." "I wish I could." Katie says softly. "Katie, you can. " Miranda clutches a fistful of the curtains to her chest. "No," The shadows shift slightly, and Miranda imagines Katie shaking her head. She breathes sharply in pain from the sudden movement and Miranda winces. "I can't." It takes a tremendous amount of resolve not to ask why, but Miranda doesn't. She swallows her selfish curiosity and sinks to the ground, bowing her head against Katie's bed. "We just miss you. That's all." She feels a slow movement towards her, but Katie's fingers stop short of Miranda. "I'm sorry." Katie says thickly. Her hand lies just beside Miranda's face. She squeezes her eyes shut and remembers the feeling of Katie's fingers through her hair, deft and nimble as she braids Miranda's thick hair. Her hands were small but strong, calloused from gardening, her fingers always moving to do something. Katie never seemed to stop; she was always flitting from one place to another, doing whatever needed to be done whether it was asked for or not. The pent up energy is heavy in the room—Miranda never realized how much Katie did until now. Even with their brothers and sisters scrambling with her to do it all, there always seemed to be something that slipped through their minds. "You know I don't care what you look like." Miranda says desperately. "I really don't." Her fingers curl into her palm, squeezing the coolness from between the loose threads. She could so easily tear down the curtain and look upon her sister. "I just miss you, Katie Kate." Cool fingers wrap around hers. "I miss you too Mandy." Miranda covers Katie's hand with her own, and curls her body in. She imagines pulling her sister out from behind the curtains. This is all she's seen: Katie's left hand, badly burned, the skin raw red and burned black with winding burns, a deep gash grooved into her palm wrapped in gauze, extending up her wrist behind the curtain, one of her fingers bound and broken, and her pinky missing; the rest of her body is in similar condition. Miranda holds Katie's hand as gently as she can, remembering the way they used to hold onto each other. If this is all she has, she wills it to be enough. Miranda lies her head closer to Katie and squeezes her eyes closed. The last time she saw her sister's face burns behind her eyes. It is still hours before dawn; the still sky is a dim gray. From a brief reflection in the mirror propped on the dresser, Miranda catches a diagonal sliver of Katie's face: light brown hair hastily raked back from her face, her honey colored eyes cloudy on the mirror's dust covered surface with dark bags like shadows, her lips pale and pressed into the grim expression which had recently become her. It passes in a moment; Katie turns her head as she walks silently across the room and out the door. Miranda reaches her hand out to touch the mirror, though she's too far away. Just before dawn she wakes up with her arm hanging over her bed, fingers still reaching for the mirror. Later she would fling the same mirror across the room, barely missing Will's face, only to fall on her knees, frantically gathering the shards in her bloody hands as he tries to pry her away. She has tried to piece together the events of that night so many times she forgets what she knows and what she has created. "You don't need to know, Miranda." Katie says quietly, still reading her sister's mind. Miranda scours her mind for every last detail of that day, trying to recall anything—a whispered word or even just a change in her expression that might have foreshadowed what was to come. She doesn't know why she wants to know what happened; it will only drive her mad with guilt or grief. "But you were all alone." The words fall like the first raindrops in a storm. "You wanted to save the campers who had been captured as prisoners, save our sister. Malcolm said it was too dangerous – new variables to take into account, miscalculations, couldn't afford to lose anyone else – but you went anyways, you went alone. You were almost captured too but they all ran for cover when the first Imperial gold bomb was triggered. And the disturbance set off the others. The alarms were ringing, ringing so loudly that he could hear from across the boundaries. But it wasn't to alarm them, it was another trigger – the avalanche of rocks, the explosion, the conflagration – so destructive a flare that he could see it." Her fingers curl in, fingernails digging in towards her palm. Katie gasps in pain. Miranda loosens her hands and swallows hard. She scrambles in her apology, words tumble from her mouth, almost melting into sobs. "Miranda, it's fine. Mandy, don't worry." Katie tells her. "Don't dwell on what happened. It's not for you to worry." But it haunts you , she wants to say. She says instead, "No one cares what you look like, Katie." "I'm not trying to be vain." Katie says softly. "I would come out – I want to, believe me, I do – but this is not the time." "Will it ever be?" Miranda's swallows hard when Katie does not answer. "We need you. We need to know that this war will not haunt us forever, that we have risen stronger." Miranda's plea speak into the silence. Katie finally whispers, "I know." A moment of terrible understanding crashes through the silence as Miranda's breath turns to ice. She grits her teeth against the acrid taste of horrible guilt, sorrow, and loss, trying to swallow it whole. The distant sound of a conch shell splits the silence and Miranda cringes. "You should go." Katie extracts her hand from between Miranda's and it disappears behind the curtain with the rest of her. Miranda reaches into the curtain instinctively before reeling herself back. Looking upon the green curtain, she has never felt emptier and heavier. "It'll be okay, Miranda." Katie says softly. Miranda marvels at her grace. She traces her fingers along the cool sheet, along the soft shadows of her sister's face. "It will be okay for you too, Katie, I promise." With an effort, she lets her hand move away from the curtain, and turns away, wondering if anything is visible from behind the curtain. The cabin has not slept this soundly in a long time. During times of war – which had become all the time – nightmares plagued their restless sleep. For Travis, the first effect of stress was insomnia. It hit him halfway through the Roman siege. To keep himself busy at night he signed up for the graveyard patrol shifts or stayed up with Malcolm poring through towers of books for references and equations. When he slept, it was only for an hour or two, before he woke up in a sweat, tangled in sheets, with the sound of her screams caught in his throat and her pain – what he knows had to have been much worse – etched in his veins. He refrained from sleeping unless he was physically too tired to stop Connor from dragging him to bed. Sometimes he lay in the dark listening to the sound of the others' sleeping. It wasn't very comforting, the sounds of restless turning, mumbled narration of nightmares, ragged breathing – Connor always sounded like he was in pain. He was afraid to ask why. Tonight he's okay; Travis listens to the rhythmic breathing of his brother in the bunk below. He closes his eyes and focuses on matching the pace and breadth of his breathing. The air tastes of smoke and shrapnel. He tries to relax his body, but even as it screams from the ache of tension and overuse in every muscle, it refuses. He listens for the sound of Connor's breathing, but the roar of blood and fire breaks free from a thread of memory, unraveling what had never been strung together. Fire blazes through him from the inside out with a heat that catches fast and consumes slowly. Pain sears in every direction, tearing him apart one muscle fiber at a time, feeding the flames that catch at the ends. Shards of burning Imperial gold and glass lace through his skin into his blood, rushing in every direction to destroy what remains. He struggles to breathe as he sinks in a pool of blood and falling debris, unable to scream as pain shrieks through his body. He wakes up gasping for air, shivering violently, his body burning feverishly inside, covered in cold sweat. The fires and rubble are gone, but the burning, lacerating pain remains in his still aching body. He's curled on his side in a fetal position, his face half buried in the sheets beside his pillow, arms wrapped around stomach, fingernails digging into his sides. Travis flings his sheets aside and silently stumbles out the door. Will stands hesitantly in the doorway of the west hospital room. He's become familiar with this room from years of serving as a medic, but he suddenly feels out of place. The room is completely straightened out, every bed is made, every instrument in its place, the floor gleaming clean. The only occupied bed