Chapter 1- Valhalla awaits White. A flash of deathly green, and then nothing but white. Why did it always have to be white? Why not red, or blue, or even pink? Surely black would make more sense? These were the thoughts running through the head of one Harry James Potter as his body fell to the ground in the Forbidden Forest; Bellatrix's manic cackle and Voldemort's agonising scream echoing in his mind as his soul began rapidly moving on into the afterlife. At least he thought that's where his soul was going. After all, he thought, where else would it go? As the bright white started fading from his vision, his surroundings started to take shape. Nothing was white at all. In fact, everything started to oddly look a bit like the Great Hall of Hogwarts, but for one glaringly obvious fault. The tables were piled with food for a feast, and yet there was not a single soul in sight. Everything was still. Too still. Even the ceiling, normally bewitched to look like the sky during a feast, showed no movement, despite the angry looking clouds. It was almost as if the scene was frozen in time like a muggle photograph. The whole scene confused Harry. What was he supposed to do now? Did he sit down and eat the food, or was he supposed to go looking for someone? What if his soul had been damaged by the Horcrux lodged behind his forehead and he has ended up in some weird sort of Limbo? The Horcrux! Had he managed to destroy it? Harry quickly grabbed one of the shiny gold plates from the table nearest to him, and used it as a mirror to inspect his face, expecting to see some evidence of the familiar lightning bolt scar, and being greatly surprised when he was met with smooth unblemished skin. "Normally I'd accuse you of being incredibly vain, checking out your face as soon as you could, but this time I think it's the smartest thing I've ever seen someone do as soon as they'd arrived." a voice sounded from nearby. As Harry whipped his head around towards the voice, he was greeted by a sandy blond man with wavy hair, dressed in casual clothing. What made it obvious though that this was no ordinary man was the three sets of golden angelic wings protruding from his back. Despite being surprised by the sudden appearance of the man, Harry couldn't help but wonder why the man seemed familiar to him, as though he has seen the man's face in a dream before. Instinctively, Harry reached for his wand, prepared to defend himself, but finding only cloth and lint in his pocket. Maintaining a defensive pose, ready to run and dodge at a moment's notice, Harry did what he always did when confronted with a potentially deadly foe. He started to talk. "Sorry, who are you? Where am I? I assume that I'm dead, but I kind of thought that there would be more dead people in the afterlife." he said, while trying to subtly locate a potential exit. Harry never was particularly good at being subtle though, and the mysterious man starting chuckling at the battle-hardened teenager's antics. "You can stop looking like a deer caught in headlights kiddo. Or rather, a stag. See what I did there? That was funny. As to where you are, well it kind of looks like your Great Hall doesn't it? It looks a little different to everyone, and everyone has a different name for it, but I believe the Vikings called it Valhalla. Always liked those Vikings, they sure knew how to throw a party. Even though they were a bit rough, you know, with the whole pillaging and raping thing they had going on," the man prattled, causing Harry to lift an eyebrow. "Ah. Sorry, I tend to prattle on a little bit when I know I have important things to do. Serious things make me nervous. Except Sirius. He just kind of made me feel a bit gooey." "Sirius? As in Sirius Black, my godfather?" Harry questioned, wondering how the man in front of him knew Sirius. "The one and only," the man started. "I was his angel too since he was connected to you by magic. Oh! I always forget that I have to explain this all to you. I mean, I've had to do this seven times for you before, but for you it's seems like the first time doesn't it?" "Seven times? Are you telling me that we have met seven times before and I don't remember a single time?" Harry exclaimed, as he felt his panic levels begin to rise. "Ok, let me explain from the beginning. My name is Gabriel, and I'm an angel, or rather an archangel, which really says something about how important you are kiddo. The only other time that someone has had an archangel as their personal angel of death was Merlin himself, and he got stuck with my dick of a brother Michael. Excalibur was actually the Sword of Michael. Pretty neat huh? So, since you are so important to the fate of the wizarding world, the three sisters of Fate have blessed you with three lives each, giving you a grand total of nine lives, which gives you eight do-overs. And I hate to say it kiddo, but you just hit your ninth life. You had already died seven times before tonight, but you wouldn't remember any of them since we managed to patch it up every time by sending you back a couple of hour or days before your unexpected death and gave you a bit of a mental nudge so that you would avoid your untimely death. Any questions so far?" "Yeah, how have I died before? And why nine lives?" Harry asked. "Well to be honest, it's nine lives because Atropos has a thing for cats. As for your previous deaths, the causes have been fairly varied. You might think that the first time that you died was that night in Godric's Hollow when Voldemort attacked your parents, but that was actually your second death. Your first death occurred when you were just a few months old actually. Lily left you alone for a little bit while she chased a muddy Prongs and Padfoot through the Manor, and you choked on a building block of all things. That was a simple fix, we just went back an hour and swapped the building blocks with a fluffy stuffed dragon." "The third occurred when you were five, and Vernon Dursley punched you so hard in the head that he snapped your neck. In case you were wondering, that man definitely doesn't have a seat anywhere upstairs. In fact, I'm sure my brother Luci will have lots of fun roasting that fat pig over a hot fire for the rest of eternity. We fixed that one up by making him so drunk that he missed you and punched the wall instead." "The fourth death was actually kind of funny really. You choked on a chocolate frog on your first train ride to Hogwarts. We made sure that that bugger jumped right out the window to stop that one." "Your fifth death wasn't really a death, but having your soul ripped out by dementors wasn't going to help you at all, so we might have kind of been the ones that created that annoying time loop that you got stuck in during third year, so really you ended up saving yourself from that one." "Your sixth death was so preventable that it pained us. You drowned in the Black lake during the second task of the Triwizard tournament because your gillyweed was stale, and you lost your gills just as you were fighting off the grindylows. We replaced the gillyweed with some fresh stuff and you were good to go." "Your last death before this one was quite tragic really. Draco Malfoy managed to fire off a weak killing curse during your brawl in the bathrooms last year. But because his heart wasn't really in it, it just knocked you back a bit. Right into the edge of a sink. I have to say Harry, while you have a lovely brain, I really wish that I hadn't actually seen it. All we did to fix that one was slip a bit of a pepper up potion in your last meal so that your reflexes were a bit sharper. Malfoy walked away with a few curse scars, but at least you lived. And obviously, you remember what happened this time." "Yeah, still hurts a little actually. Did it work though? Can he be killed now?" Harry asked with hope in his eyes, his defensive stance relaxing as he began to accept what had happened. "Sadly kiddo, that's why we are still here. We are at a standstill, and it is driving Clotho insane. If you were to pass on into the afterlife, Voldemort would win. Still has the snake left remember? As soon as you died, he realised that you were a Horcrux and that he only had Nagini left, as he portkeyed her back to a secret room in Malfoy Manor. He even sent Bellatrix with the snake as an extra safety net. With his last Horcrux safe and nothing to lose, he slaughtered every member of the light left at Hogwarts, and took over magical Britain. Soon though, that wasn't enough, and he thought he would try and take the muggle part of Britain as well. He didn't realise that magical shields don't work against bullets, and Nagini was dropped into a nuclear reactor. Not even a Horcrux could survive that. In the process of world domination though, the wizarding world was exposed to the muggles. The muggles don't really like anything that they can't explain with science or religion, and so the wizarding world was destroyed, and magic herself withered and died." "On the flip side, if we were to send you back and try to prevent your death, the same end result would occur because of the damn Horcrux lodged in your skull. Removing it would have killed you anyway, and whether it took an extra month, year or even decade, Voldemort would still win and every magical being would die." Gabriel explained, his seemingly constant smirk disappearing as his brows furrowed. Harry's mind was racing from all the information. Was there nothing at all that could be done? Was magic going to die no matter what they did? "So what do we do now?" Harry asked in a small defeated voice. Gabriel tilted his head to the side, as though he were pondering the question. Harry could hear him start to make noises, as though he was agreeing with something that he was hearing, punctuated by the occasional snort or flat out grunt of disapproval. After a couple of minutes of this strange behaviour, his face suddenly lit up in a huge smile and he started giggling manically like a child. "Oh that's brilliant! Simply brilliant! "Gabriel practically squealed. Seeing the confused look on Harry's face, he began explaining. "Clotho and Lachesis have been studying your thread and those attached to yours and have found a way to potentially fix things, and even make your life better in the long run. Oooh so much better. We will have to send you back further than we have ever gone before and break a couple of the rules so that you retain your memories of this death and everything that you have learnt, but Clotho says that the potential tapestry looks beautiful, and Lachesis says that your thread will be at the longest it could ever be at. That means a full life kiddo! You could die as an old man! Even older than that idiot Dumbledore!" "What do you mean that Dumbledore is an idiot? He is the reason I have made it this far at