Disclaimer: If you recognize it, I don't own it. I've just borrowed it for a little while and I promise to put it back when I'm done. AN: This is my first posted fanfic! I've been reading a lot of excellent Harry Potter fics here on FFN (way to many to count!) and if you see anything in here that resembles your own idea, then chances are that I saw it in your story and it made a positive impression. I apologize in advance that I don't remember you specifically, but I thank you for your own input into this forum and for a tale well-told. As Harry Potter is a British work, I decided to use British English instead of my own American English when I wrote this. I'm pretty sure that the spelling is consistent, but as I have never lived there nor do I know any native Britons personally, the idioms and word usage may be off somewhat. If anyone, especially our friends across the pond, has any suggestions on how I can improve my British English, then by all means let me know! Constructive feedback on any aspect of the story, of course, is always welcome too. And now, without further ado, The Price of Betrayal . -TPOB- Pain wracked her body as she lay on the cold stones of the remote hallway. She couldn't think of anywhere she didn't hurt, and she felt it probable that she had at least a dozen broken bones, from ribs to wrists and arms, to legs, knees, and feet, even her face. The physical attack was the most vicious she'd ever suffered, but the agony of the betrayal of one of her two closest friends stabbed her to her very soul. She would never have thought in a million years that he could attack her so savagely, to say nothing of what he had conspired to do – and done – at the behest of their esteemed Headmaster. It was sheer happenstance that she'd overheard that conversation at all. And when she'd confronted her so-called "boyfriend" about it, the look of rage and panic that flashed across his face surprised her almost as much as the reducto curse that nailed her right in the face. He kept growling the same curse at her over and over again – she'd lost count how many times he said it – leaving her a broken, bruised, and bloody mess on the floor. Fortunately, he'd always been a piss-poor excuse for a wizard. His curses were pitifully underpowered, which frankly was the only reason she was still breathing. If, gods forbid, her other best friend had been the one to cast the curses on her, the first one would likely have exploded her head rather than just break her nose. As it stood, she wasn't sure she'd make it anyway. "Dob…Dobby," she whispered. "Help…" A soft pop signalled the small elf's arrival. "Oh no!" he wailed as he took in her broken form and rushed to her side. His large, floppy ears drooped as he wrung his hands. "What happened to Master Harry Potter Sir's Missy Grangy?" he cried. "Dobby be's getting Missy Grangy to the infirmary right away!" "No!" she commanded, a spray of blood accompanying her words. "It...it's not safe there. Take me…to my home, Dobby…and bring H…Harry to me…as soon as you can…" Her head fell back to the stone floor as she struggled to stay awake. "And don't…don't tell anyone else..." -TPOB- Harry Potter sat by his best friend's bedside, holding her cold hand in his own as the goblin healer finished up his work. "It's a very good thing you called for us when you did, Master Potter," the goblin said. "She will make a full recovery, but she must drink these potions daily at the prescribed times." When Harry had asked Dobby who the best non-human healers were, the subdued house elf recommended the goblins. Not wanting to leave Hermione's bedside, Harry asked if Dobby could summon them and learned that the best way for the elf to get the goblins' attention was for Dobby to become an official Potter elf. Harry reluctantly agreed to bond the little elf to him and his family, with the stipulation that Dobby would still be paid and have time off on a regular basis. Dobby was almost bursting with pride to be an official Potter elf at long last, and with exclamations of Harry's grandeur disappeared to Gringotts, returning a short time later with Bonecrusher, one of the goblins' top healers. "I'll make sure she does," Harry said, his voice dull. "Whatever she needs, do it and bill my vault. I don't know what's going on, but Dobby said that she told him that Hogwarts is not safe. If you could make arrangements to put up the best goblin wards around the house here I'll gladly pay for any and all expenses, including appropriate bonuses for expedited work." "It's not my department, but I will make the necessary arrangements," Bonecrusher replied. "Thank you," Harry replied, his eyes never leaving his bushy-haired, brown-eyed best friend. His world had come to a screeching halt when Dobby had appeared earlier that afternoon and told him that Hermione was in trouble. This year had been unusually difficult for them so far. He'd found himself fighting more and more with Hermione, over rather stupid things, really, and he never could figure out why he found himself at odds with her so much. It really didn't make sense to him, and he missed her terribly. He'd give anything at all to have their relationship back to where it was last year. Despite the fact that he was dating Ginny Weasley, he felt a level of closeness and intimacy with Hermione Granger that he'd never shared with anyone else. He couldn't fully explain his feelings either – Hermione had started dating their other best friend Ron, Ginny's brother, over the summer holidays. It surprised him, to be perfectly honest, given the way that they always fought, but so long as she was happy he didn't want to say anything about it, especially since it would most likely lead to yet another pointless argument. "Who could do this to our daughter?" Hermione's parents, Dan and Emma, stood in the room's doorway holding on to each other as if for dear life. Emma had finally been able to bring herself to speak, but silent sobs still shook her frame. "I don't know," Harry replied. "It wouldn't surprise me in the slightest if it was Draco Malfoy or one of the other Slytherins though." The healer spoke up. "I should let you know that there were some other issues that my scan revealed," he said. "A memory charm has been performed on her sometime during the last year, and there is also evidence of several moderately strong potions in her system, including love, loyalty, and an aversion potion as well." Harry's eyes darted immediately to the goblin. "Excuse me?" he whispered, his voice deadly. "She has been dosed with love, loyalty, and aversion potions, in addition to having a memory charm cast on her. I have taken the liberty of removing the memory charm, and the potion to purge the others has been added to her healing regimen. Those, fortunately, will only need one more day to complete the purge." "Indeed." His mind was whirling with the implications as he felt a painful knot settle in his stomach. "And is there any way to find out just who these potions are keyed to?" "Not without taking tissue samples of everyone she knows, I'm afraid," the healer replied. "Although you could look for sudden changes in her behaviour that may seem abnormal. Does she perchance have a boyfriend?" "Ron Weasley," he whispered. "And how long have they been together?" "Since the summer holiday." "Then it is almost certain that he is the one the love potion is keyed to. She would be actively seeking a relationship with whomever that person is, and if she is not seeking out anyone else then it remains that it is this Master Weasley." Ron. Their best friend. Why would he do this to her? "What about the loyalty potion?" "Is there anyone that she seems abnormally loyal to?" Harry laughed, though it was devoid of humour. "Hermione is the single most loyal person I know," he said. "She would have excelled in Hufflepuff, but her courage outmatches all of her other traits. It could be Dumbledore, Ron, Ginny, any of the Weasleys, any of the professors. Hell, it could be me for all we know, though with all the bickering we've done this year I don't see how that would be possible." A sudden thought chilled him. "Could you test and see if the aversion potion is keyed to me?" "By all means." The goblin gave him a small potion to drink, and once he had done so cast a spell on the two teens. After studying the incomprehensible display that appeared between them, the healer nodded. "It is indeed," he confirmed. "Fuck." Harry closed his eyes as rage threatened to overwhelm him. It wouldn't do to blow his top here, not in front of Hermione's parents, not when his best friend needed him at his best. "Would you mind scanning me for potions and memory charms as well, if you please?" "Certainly." Bonecrusher cast his diagnostic spell and again studied the results. "Master Potter, I regret to inform you that you have indeed been dosed with the same potions, and there has been a memory charm cast on you as well, roughly the same time as the one cast on Hermione. I presume you want them all removed?" "Absolutely." The symmetry of their two situations was damning. He'd bet anything that the love potion in his own system was keyed to Ginny, and the aversion potion was keyed to Hermione. Someone was trying to keep him away from Hermione, and was stooping to disgusting levels to do so. The only questions were who and why. The goblin cast a series of spells at Harry, and a previously unknown part of his memories suddenly became unblocked. Tears of shock and fury trickled down his cheeks as he recalled the beautiful aftermath of one of the most awful nights of his life. How could they? How could they possibly take away something so wonderful, not just for me but for both of us? At the end of the previous school year, after the nightmare at the Ministry of Magic and the Department of Mysteries, after he had witnessed his beloved godfather Sirius Black fall through the Veil and end all hope of having any kind of normal childhood, after Dumbledore shared that fucking prophecy with him, he had met Hermione after she was released from the infirmary. Neither one of them had felt like attending classes, so they hid under Harry's invisibility cloak and, hand in hand, made their way to the seventh floor and the Room of Requirement. -TPOB- Once inside the Room of Requirement, Harry immediately tried to apologize for ignoring her warning that the vision he'd received from Voldemort was possibly a trap, and especially for almost getting her killed, but she would have none of it. "It's not your fault, Harry," she said. "This whole mess is Voldemort's fault, not yours. He's the one being a problem, not you. You're my best friend, you know. I'd follow you into the pit of Hell, because you'd never get back without me." Her hand stroked his tear-stained cheek. "I can't lose you, Harry. You're too important to me." He reached up and grasped her hand, bringing it to his lips as his piercing green eyes locked on to her chocolate-brown eyes. "I love you, Hermione," he whispered. Her breath came out in a short gasp as he said the words she'd longed to hear ever since he'd rescued her from the troll in their