Characters from twilight do not belong to me. Neither does Lilith. There is a lot of vampire lore in this story. And Bella won't show up for a while. So bare with me here peeps. Thanks. Prologue It began thousands of years ago. Back when humans first started roaming the earth. At first they always believed they were the only intelligent species on the planet. So they stole, killed, and polluted this once great planet. One day, not long after humans all but destroyed each other with over population, murder and other unforgivable ways, God saw that humans for their sins against the earth, he created the vampires. The first vampire, Lilith was the queen of all vampires. She was the most gorgeous of all creatures; with tan flawless skin, long dark hair, and eyes the color of rubies. She mated with a human far into her immortal existence and they had two children. Two twin boys, Aro and Stefan. As the boys grew, they hunted the human race to control their growing population. Humans were becoming scarce, whether to be eaten or turned by the vampires. As another source of food, they turned to the animals that were taking over the planet. The humans were free to grow and populate once more. They soon discovered, after they began feeding on animal blood, that their eyes had changed color. Gone as the blood red of their human prey, then came the golden honey color. Signifying their change in diet. This lasted for the better part of a millennia. One thousand years without a problem with their change in diet, but one of the boys always believed there was something missing. Stefan-the younger of the two-always craved the taste of human blood over animal. In the night he would go and feast on them to his hearts' content. Kidnapping and bleeding many victims. Some he would torture and kill slowly (this sated his more sadistic nature), others he would end quickly with just a snap of the neck. Aro, knew of his brothers' sins and went to his mother to tell her of his misdeeds. Lilith, although she was a vampire, superior in every way did not want to see the people slaughtered by her own son. One night after Stefan came back from his hunt, his mother, father and brother stood before him. Aro's most trusted friends, Caius and Markus grabbed Stefan and held him to be judged. By his own mother no less. "What is the meaning of this?!" He cried. "Stefan, my son." Lilith stepped forward and held her sons face as she spoke. "I know that vampires once fed from human beings but that time has passed." Stefan was furious with the queen and shook her hands free from his face. "But we are the superior race, Mother. We don't grow old and shrivel up like these pests. We don't contract any kind of human disease. Vampires are smarter, stronger, and faster than any human could ever dream of. They should be begging us to be able to serve. To give us their life's blood. We are Gods of the earth Mother. Even you turned your own husband into one of us!" Lilith shook her head and looked to her son with bloody tears in her golden eyes. It was true what he said, once she knew that she could not live without her mate, she bit him and let the venom run through his body, turning him into a vampire, but that was not the point of this discussion. "No Stefan. Although we do not age, or die the way that humans do, we still must follow the will of God. We've tried so hard to make peace with these humans. Humans of all the world. We are not savages that cannot find other suitable means of nourishment. We must look to our God for forgiveness of our sins." Stefan growled and laughed loudly. "Forgiveness?! From God! Never! I am God. I take life but I also give it as I see fit!" "You will know your place brother. Do not speak to our mother in such a tone." Aro spoke for his mother. Seeing the pain and torment in her eyes would break the man but he knew something had to be done with his brother. This could not go on for much longer or the humans would surely rise up against them. Lilith had amassed a huge army of vampires in the past years. She and her son Aro had save so many people from disease, death, and the pain of mortality. Many of these people pledged their allegiance to their queen and her prince, but others saw the point the Stefan was making and joined him in hunting innocents. "Oh Aro, my brother. You've always been under our mothers' heel. Always ready to do her bidding." He paused for a moment trying to find his next words. "Almost like a dog." He laughed loudly at the look on his brothers' face. Aro scowled and slapped Stefan hard across the face. It was so hard that he split his lip. Lilith immediately went to her son's side. Taking his hand in her own. "Aro stop! That is no way to treat your brother. Even though he's done such wrong to so many people." "I won't let him speak to you like that mother." Aro and his bleach blonde brother hardly ever saw eye to eye, even when they were young. But this was a whole other matter. Stefan's disrespect for their mother, their queen was just too hard to bare. Aro loved his mother. When he held her tight, he would hear her thoughts with the power of his gift. Even though she hardly said it, Aro always knew from her thoughts that Lilith loved her family deeply. Lilith held her son close then and that calmed him down severely. "Ah the prodigal son, always the favorite of our mother, the queen." Stefan broke the connection mother and son had. Aro made a move to strike him again but his mother held him tight. "I loved both of my sons Stefan. I tried to raise you right and I tried to teach you to respect all life. It seems that I had failed. It also seems that you also forget our treaty with the Slayers of this land." A lone blood red tear moved down her cheek. Since there had been so many vampires created to suit Lilith's needs, the human race had created the ultimate warriors. A strong and fast group of heroines able to kill a vampire with ease. Once Lilith and her sons had taken to drinking animal blood, she and the Watcher's council had created a treaty. They would not harm a single hair on a human or turn any in their jurisdiction. "Bah! These little girls trying to play hero. They wouldn't dare touch me. Those old men that lead them know absolutely nothing about the world or its treasures. They would rather sit in their nice comfy chairs and wonder what is wrong with the world." There was a look of resentment in Stefan's eyes then and made a move to free himself. But Caius and Markus both held him firmly. "So what is it you are to do with me, mother? Do you plan to kill me? Put a stake through my heart or tie me to a wooden post to bake in the sun?" He laughed knowing that Lilith would do no such thing. He was her son, albeit a dishonorable and disrespectful one. The queen could never harm a member of her coven, especially one of her own flesh and blood. Hell even thinking of sending him into exile was something she shivered about. But she knew she had to do something. There was only one thing to do. "No Stefan, I'm not going to kill you." She nodded her head to the two men holding her son. They moved to take him down to the dungeon of their keep while she, Aro, and her husband all followed closely behind. Once Stefan realized where they were taking him, his efforts to escape intensified, for he knew that what they were about to do to him, would be a fate worse than death. In the dungeon, Caius and Markus changed Stefan to a wall. The manacles were made out of the strongest metal known to both man and beast. The blonde vampire growled and pulled harshly at his chains but he could not break them. Fear entered his gaze as Aro, his own brother reached for the pliers that would certainly be the ultimate punishment. This was meant for all vampires that had betrayed either their queen or her sons. When someone committed a crime against the kingdom, they would be taken underground to the dungeon and chained. There either Aro, Caius or Markus would deliver the punishment. "Mother, please. Please don't do this. We were meant to rule this world. Not share it with them." At the end of every sentence, Stefan would pull at the chains; hoping he would be able to break free. It proved fruitless. Bloody tears ran down Lilith's cheeks as her son carried out the punishment to his brother. Aro tried to look impassive, but there were also tears running down his face as well. Her brunette tried to hide his pain but it was to no avail. "Open his mouth." Aro spoke quietly. Caius took his hand and squeezed the bottom of Stefan's face to get his mouth to open wide enough. Stefan tried to keep his mouth tightly shut but nothing seemed to work. Caius had a firmer grip than he had anticipated. "I'm sorry brother." Aro spoke solemnly. He put the rusty pliers to the large sharp fangs of his brother and tugged hard. Stefan screamed in pain as one, then the other fang was stripped from him. His tears made bloody streaks down his face and he made no move to hold them back. The symbol of his power was stripped from him. Taken by his own mother and brother. Once it was done, Aro released Stefan from the shackles. His brother was in such pain that he had no strength to fight back. Lilith and the others present followed the two brothers to the front gate of the keep. Tears flowed down her face effortlessly. She feared that they wouldn't stop. When they got to the front gate, Aro opened the door and took his brother out into the cold dark night. He laid Stefan down onto the snow and spoke quietly in his ear. "I am truly sorry brother. There is still hope for you. Come back to us. Forsake this lust and we will help you." That's when Stefan regained some amount of strength left and his eyes widened. A murderous gaze came over him and he moved to strike Aro. As fast as his brother was, Stefan still was able to claw Aro in his face. His nails dug into his brother's skin and blood spewed from his cheek. The brunette screamed in pain as he covered his face to stop the bleeding. Stefan stood then and spit down at his brother before looking up at the gate to the keep. He could see his mother standing there tears streaming down her face. Internally he swore that he would get his revenge. He would take back the honor they stole from him. Stephan spit on the ground again, blood littering the snow, before he turned his back on his family and ran into the night. Already formulating his revenge. Caius and Markus ran to their friend. Picking him up and trying to stop the bleeding in his face. Three long gashes covered his cheek. They walked him back to their queen where she took a cloth to cover his wound. "He will be back, mother." Aro spoke with sadness and fear. "I