This story was inspired by the song by Flyleaf, hence the title of the fic. I had a story much like this recently but was removed for lyric reasons. So I cut out those but the inspiration is still there. This will be written in both girls' point of view so bear with me here. None of these characters belong to me as we all know. I just take them out to play. Great Love. APOV: There I stood, right where Bella's heart was forever broken by my fool brother. The trees surrounded me like a cocoon. It was a protective vessel. It helped me be a part of her that I wanted to be for so long. I looked to the ground and could almost see her body quivering from tears. They entered my own eyes and I let out a sob. My breath caught in my throat as I tried to take in air I did not need. Knowing Bella's fate made everything hard. I clutched at my chest where my heart used to beat. The pain there was unbearable. The tears made my vision blurry. The pain made my entire body ache. I knelt down to the dirt where her body once laid. I whispered her name like I was speaking to the heavens. Could she hear me? Would she listen after what I did to her? I left. We all left. We took everything from her when we did. I knew that us leaving would break her in a way that would leave the world weeping for her. For a time she seemed fine. I would peek into her future and see her hanging out with Jake and the rest of the wolves of La Push. Then when Harry Clearwater died, Jake left too and had to deal with his destiny of being a shifter. Bella was once again broken. Friends left her, we left her. Edward tried to tell us it was for the best, but I knew differently. I tried to reason with them. With the whole family, but once again, Edward won out. He always got his way, he was Carlisle's first born son. The apple of my father's eye. I actually slapped him for what he was making me do. I cried for a long time that night. The thought of leaving my best friend was just too much to take. Bella's birthday party echoed in my mind as if it were yesterday. When she got that paper-cut, time just seemed to stop. I knew what was going to happen next. Jasper was still so young to our way of life. I knew he would jump at the first sight of human blood. He lunged for the girl a moment later. Edward of course got between and pushed Bella back. Not knowing his own strength he knocked her right into the wall and her arm went right through a glass table we had. Her blood flowed like water from a fountain. Both Emmett and Carlisle had a hard time holding the blonde back. Knowing he was still my husband at the time, I had to go to him and make sure he could come out of his blood induced haze. Bella looked at me and I looked back into her eyes. Her chocolate eyes looked at me in both sadness and regret. I wanted to go to her right then and help her. I wanted to let her know that everything was okay, but Edward and Carlisle were by her side when I reached up to her. I remember putting my arm down and clasping my hands in front of me. Bella looked at me with tears in her eyes fearing I would leave. All I did was utter my weak apology and followed after Jasper and his twin Rosalie. I clutched at the dirt underneath my hands and pounded at the ground. I cursed Edward for leaving her here. Leaving her seemingly unprotected. Then I cursed Jacob. He could've stayed where I was forced to leave. I cursed myself for not telling her how I truly felt for her. She was my best friend sure but the truth was, I cared so much more for her. Did I love her? Was I in love with her? I clutched at my chest again registering the pain. Yes; I loved her more than anything. I got up from my spot on the forest floor, bidding adieu to her frame still imbedded in the dirt. I started walking to the La Push border and stood in another place where Bella would make a decision that would shake the foundations of my entire being. In my visions of her with Jake, they would often talk about cliff diving with him and his friends. During the time of our departure, Bella was famous for doing daring things. She was quite an adrenaline junkie. She was definitely up for it at one point. One day I had a vision of her up on the cliff and I watched as she stepped forward toward the edge. She took off the jacket she was wearing and took a deep breath in through her nose. When she released it, she looked down at the current. Bella watched the water crash along the rocks of the cliff-side and stepped back, almost nervous about her decision. "I have to do this." She spoke to the wind. Her long dark hair was flowing in the breeze as she took in the thought of jumping to what could possibly be her death. A twig snapped in the forest behind her. I closed my eyes and clutched my fists seeing it again. Bella turned sharply and gasped as our enemy Victoria now stood before her. Her hair a red fiery mess of curls flowing down her back. A sneer was plastered on her face in a silent victory. She had been after my Bella for months after we killed her mate. We tried to catch her and we failed, the shifters tried to catch her and she also got away from them. Now that both Jake and I were gone, she found now to be the best time to enact her revenge. I played this scene over and over in my mind. Victoria reached for Bella's neck and gripped it in her hand. Bella began gasping for breath and scratching at the nomad's hand. The red head walked to the side of the cliff and held Bella above the water. A long drop awaiting her decent. But the human knew that wasn't the only thing Victoria wanted. Bella knew that what she wanted more than anything was to taste her blood. Victoria's eyes were dark with hunger as she starred at the pale skin of Bella's neck. A sob entered my throat as Bella moved the collar of her shirt and gritted her teeth as she muttered, "Do it." The red heads sneer became a wide evil grin. "I'm going to enjoy this. She shot forward and bit into Bella's neck. I watched and screamed in horror as Bella cried out in pain. Victoria took many pulls of blood from her before she decided she was done. When she stopped she looked at the human and waited a moment before she looked at her in disgust. Bella gritted her teeth from the immense pain in her neck and tried to move but couldn't. Once again, she held Bella over the water for a moment and then dropped her like she was nothing. As if I was there, I chased after Bella during her decent and screamed her name. "BELLA!" She reached up toward the sky in my vision. Almost as if she could see me and was reaching for me to save her. To hold her as she met the inevitable. Just as we were about to hit the water, I saw our fingers begin to touch. I would be able to save her. But I felt nothing as I hit the water. No pain, no cold, just an emptiness I hadn't felt in a very long time. I let the current bring me to the surface and I just laid there. The pain of the tears being held back intensified as I floated there on my back. I cursed and screamed at the sky because if I had just realize my feelings for her sooner, if I had just given in to my heart's desire, all of this could've been avoided. As I laid there with nothing but my thoughts and my unshed tears, all I could think about was the night Bella and I almost kissed. It was just a few months after the incident with James and she could still barely move. I would help when no one else could. I would help her get dressed and showered for the day and take her to and from school. She seemed to only trust me with those kinds of things. It was on one of these particular nights when I realized how beautiful she was. I always knew she was beautiful ever since my first vision of her, but to actually be able to see her whole body, now that was something else entirely. I had a bath prepared for her and I tried to look away as she disrobed and dropped into the warm soapy water. I could feel my eyes darken in hunger. Not for her blood, but for her body. Bella dropped into the water to soak her hair and when she rose that's when I knew my eyes were completely black. She gasped at the sight of them, and I got up to check myself in the mirror. I felt her hand upon my wrist in mid-flight. I looked at her in surprise. Her dark chocolate eyes bore into my very soul. I felt myself move back to her and my near black eyes starred right back into hers. I could see Bella's pupils dilate as she continued to look at me and breath in my presence. To my surprise I did not see this coming. With all of my powers of foresight, I did not see anything to indicate that she would be reaching up to me, putting a warm hand against my cold cheek. I leaned into it then, wanting nothing more than to bask in her warmth. I gasped as she leaned closer to my face, but followed her action none the less. This is what I had wanted for so long. Even after my first vision of her. Right and wrong be damned. That was when we heard a knock at the bathroom door. Bella gasped and shot back almost realizing her mistake. I contained my thoughts and feelings as I got up from my position and answered the door. When I pulled it open, I saw her father, Charlie standing there. He looked confused for a moment and asked. "Alice, what are you doing here?" He smiled as he asked. I always knew I was his favorite Cullen ever since we arrived. I smiled back at him but the gesture never reached my eyes. "I'm just helping Bella out, Charlie. She's been having a rough time since her accident." Charlie nodded and left us to our business after that. When I made my way back to Bella, all I wanted to do was cry. She was what I wanted my whole entire existence. A future with her was all I ever wanted. But I couldn't do that to Edward or Jasper. Not after everything we've been through as a family. Bella remained silent as well, but tried to grab my hand. When she place her warm one on top of mine, I jerked back. Not because I wanted to, but because I had too. She looked at me then with a pain in her eyes that spoke volumes. "Let's just get you cleaned up Bella." Edward should be here soon." I washed Bella's hair