Disclaimer: Twilight and all characters are owned by Stephanie Meyer Chapter one: Staring at myself in the mirror, I let out a big sigh of frustration. I am a geek in every sense of the word. I play to every stereotype; I have thick-rimmed glasses, and an unruly mess of hair that no matter how many times I try to tame it in to a hairstyle like "the cool kids", but it just bounces back into place. The colour of my hair doesn't help either; it is a strange shade of bronze that makes me stand out even more. My mother has tried to take me shopping countless times but I refuse to change myself for the people at school. I like my wife beaters and nerdy t-shirts. I'm bullied; there is no denying it. I have suffered the usual punishments from the bullies at Forks High. Among the wedgies, swirly's and beatings, they have managed to come up with original pranks to torture me with. Another school year has started and nothing has changed. I only have to get through this year and I can go off to college somewhere far away. I plan to go to Dartmouth where there would be many like-minded people; I would finally find someone to connect with. I have one friend, Jasper. He's a good friend and we like the same things. We spend hours playing video games and discussing the merits of the new and old Star Trek. He even comes with me to the comic book store a few towns over. We go as often as we can because we both collect comic books and they sell Star Wars memorabilia there as well. I have to get my animé DVDs online though, as well as other DVDs. When my parents ask I just tell them that it is the new Batman movie or something. It is the closest I can get to a woman, watching them on my TV screen when my parents are out of the house. I have accepted the fact that I'm going to die a virgin; at least I still have my right hand. Glancing at the clock, I realise I only have twenty minutes before school starts. Grabbing my back pack from my desk, I run down the stairs and head for the front door. "Edward? Dear, you haven't had breakfast!" My mother Esme shouts after me. "I haven't got time, mum, I'm going to be late." I reply. "How many times do I have to tell you to get yourself up ten minutes earlier," she chuckles. "At least one more time, mum," I say, rushing over to her and placing a kiss on her forehead. "Take this!" She insists, giving me a breakfast bar. "At least you will have something to start your day on." "Thanks mum," I grin. I climb into my car and adjust my glasses before starting up the engine. I pick up Jasper on the way; he can drive but we choose to go together because neither of us like turning up to school alone. The arseholes also known as Mike Newton and Tyler Crowley hang around the parking lot until the bell goes. How they manage to be late for every class and never get called on it is beyond me. I just don't understand how they get away with half the shit they do. I'm sick of having to turn up late to class because I'd been drying off the toilet water that coated my head, only then to get a late slip. Pulling in a space, I cut the engine. "Edward? You alright?" Jasper asks as I stare off into space. "Yeah, let's get this over with." I say, shaking my head at myself. "Just one more year, Edward; just one more year and then we can go to Dartmouth, meet hot nerdy chicks and fuck to our hearts content." Oh. I forgot to mention that Jasper is obsessed with sex, mostly because he isn't getting any. He watches more porn than I do, not forgetting how he speaks about he's anatomy at every opportunity. In that sense, he is total opposite to me. He calls me a prude but I don't think I am. I just don't like to discuss my lack of sex life with him. If I did have one, it would be none of his business; it would be between me and the very unfortunate lady. "Yeah, well, when we get there, we are not sharing a dorm." He lets out a loud chortle at my remark and gives me a nudge with his shoulder, before entering his first class. I slide into my seat with a huff then remove my books from my back pack. "What's the matter, Cullen? Upset about all the pussy you'll never get?" Newton shouts, which is responded to by laughter from his little minions. I just ignore them and wait for Mr Varner to start the class. I hate biology; I already know everything he is trying to teach us. It seems like a waste of my time. Mr Varner doesn't like me so he lets Mike do whatever he wants. I think it is pay back for being more intelligent than he could ever be. "Right class, let's get started," he announces, walking over to the white board. He is interrupted by the door suddenly being yanked open and slammed again. The whole class look in its direction and we are greeted by the sight of a petite brunette I don't recognise. "May we help you?" Mr Varner sneers, which I think is unnecessary. "I-I-I'm sorry, I'm Isabella Swan. I started school here today..." she trails off. I can't stop staring at the beautiful girl in front of me. She has small features except for her eyes, which are big, doe brown eyes like pools of chocolate. Her mahogany curls frame her face perfectly and for a second I imagine myself running my fingers through those strands. Whoa, where did that come from? I think to myself and it is then that I realise she is staring right at me. Oh my god, I didn't say that aloud, did I? I look around me and realise no one else is looking at me ; they are all still looking at her and I look at her, too. She is walking towards me, sweet Jesus she's walking towards me. I glance around once more and realise everyone's eyes are following her, even Mr Varner. Why is she coming this way? And why hasn't she taken her eyes off me? I think again, shocked. I can feel the blush making its way over my face and I plead with it to disappear. I gulp as she comes to a stop next to me. Then she pulls out the chair. I close my eyes in embarrassment, while I was fantasising she has clearly been told to sit in the empty seat beside me, the only empty seat in the room. As she sits down, I get the mouth-watering scent of strawberries and I can't stop staring. Cullen, stop staring! What are you doing?! I scream internally at myself and Isabella turns her head towards mine and our eyes connect. Snapping my head towards the front of class, I can feel myself starting to sweat, my breaths coming in pants. I flicker my eyes to her once more and I watch a small smirk form on her lips. I remind myself, j ust don't look at her and everything will be fine. I sit there pretending to listen to Mr Varner go on about mitosis but instead all my attention is focused on the beautiful girl beside me. She has this innocent look about her that I just can't get out of my head. Esme raised me to be a gentleman and as much as I would like to one day not be a virgin, I always imagined it to be with someone I love. I have never fantasised about a particular person before. Well, I mean it's not like Megan Fox didn't make herself known every now and then but that was as far as it went. Yet here I am, picturing this girl I don't even know in many compromising positions. I feel ashamed that I would objectify her in such a way. I imagine her beneath me, her hair fanned out across the pillow, her doe eyes staring back up at me with a hint of shyness, a blush creeping over her cheeks. God, I need to stop. Newton and Crowley would never let me live it down if they knew I had become aroused in class. I try to discreetly adjust my pants which are growing ever tighter. Chancing a look at her to see if she noticed, I realise the smirk just got bigger. In fact she was hiding behind her hand to hide the giggles. Oh my god, I am mortified. I feel the colour drain from my face and have the increasing need to vomit. And then bell rings throughout the school, signalling the end of class. Shit! What do I do? I can't hang around in case she confronts me about said behaviour but I can't get up, not yet! She must notice my panicked expression because her movements slow down as she packs her items away. When everyone's out of the room, she turns to me slowly. I sit rigidly still, gripping the side of the desk, preparing myself for her wrath. "Are you ok?" She mumbles. Not looking at her, I nod vigorously. "I'm Bella" she whispers. Her voice is timid and shy and I can't stop the images of her panting my name. What is wrong with you Cullen?! I just sit there, not knowing what to do. "You don't want to talk to me," she sighs. "That's fine," she says, and with that, she gets up and goes to exit the room. "I'm sorry," I shout and I mean shout . Idiot . She turns slowly and looks at me quizzically. She takes in my dishevelled state and must feel sympathy for the nerd with no social skills. "What's your name?" She asks curiously. "Edward, Edward Cullen," I mumble. "Well Edward, are you sure you're alright? You look..." she trails off as I nod. "I'm fine." "Well it was nice not talking to you Edward, Edward Cullen," she grins before turning and exiting the room. "Oh my god," I breathe. I walk into the lunch hall, grabbing some food and seat myself next to Jasper. "Where have you been?" He asks while ramming food in his mouth. Just shaking my head in a 'don't ask' manner, I dig into my own food. "I thought Newton might have had something to do with it but they have all been in here," he continues. I know he is fishing, but I don't think I could talk about the situation I had been in. Jasper would find it hilarious. Glancing around the hall, I spot Bella sitting at 'the cool table.' She is flanked by Jessica Stanley and Lauren Mallory, the two biggest skanks in the school. They are known for their 'extra-curricular activities'. Jessica has even cornered me once and offered to make me a man as long as I never told anyone about it. She would sleep with anyone but she would be embarrassed if anyone knew that she had stooped so low as to sleep with Edward Cullen. Luckily, Jasper had found me and given me an exit. I should have known they would descend on her like wolves, but a part of me thought she may fight it. But then again, it was her first day; she doesn't know anyone besides the creepy guy from biology who touches his junk. My eyes meet hers across the room and I can feel my blush start to reappear at being caught staring for the hundredth time. "Who you staring at?"