I do not own The hunger games. That right goes to Suzanne Collins. I only own Vera. Sorry for any grammatical mistakes English is not my first language. Names can be a funny thing. I would have never imagined meeting anyone with a name similar to mine in my lifetime. When you live in district 12 you get little time to imagine and more time to starve. I'm actually thankful for meeting the person who had a name similar to mine because if I hadn't I would never have met Katniss or Gale. I would never have learned how to hunt or trade or even shoot a bow and arrow. Funny how a little thing such as a name can make a huge difference on whether you live or die. In my case it is. When I wake up the sun still hasn't arrived. Grey clouds are roaming the sky and no sound can be heard outside. Of course it is Reaping day. People are sleeping in next to their children, holding them in fear of this being the last time they see them. I roll around in my bed and push the blanket off of me. The cold embraces me and I shiver. I stretch my body after sitting up, it gets rid of the last sleep i had under my eyes. I look at the bed on the other side of the room were my mother is sleeping. The only time I see her look peaceful is when she sleeps. Not having to worry about going down to the coalmine or if we get to eat the next day. I force myself of the bed and try as quietly as I can to get my boots which is beside the door and I put them on after I have pulled on my trousers and brown shirt. I take on my dark brown leather jacket that I got from the market. I make a bun for my big curly black hair and I am out the door. I live in the part of District 12, nicknamed the Seam, which is usually crawling with coal miners like my mom heading out to the morning shift at this hour. But not today. There is not a soul to be seen on the streets. My house is almost at the edge Seam. I am two houses down from where my friend Katniss lives. Which makes it much easy for me to pass a few gates to reach the scruffy field called the Meadow. Separating the Meadow from the woods, in fact enclosing all of District 12, is a high chain-link fence topped with barbed-wire loops. The fact is, it's supposed to be electrified twenty-four hours a day as a defense against the predators that live in the woods — packs of wild dogs, lone cougars, bears — that used to threaten our streets. But luckily it's only on for two or three hours of electricity in the evenings. So it's pretty much safe to touch. When I was younger I never thought of even passing the fence, that was until I met Katniss and she taught me to always take a moment to listen carefully for the hum that means the fence is on. I listen for a minute, not hearing a sound I conclude that it is off. I lay flat on my stomach and carefully slide under the fence. I know for a fact there are other weak spots in the fence but Katniss helped me find one close to home. As soon as I'm in the trees I quickly try to find the meadow. I notice Katniss's bow and arrows are missing which means she is already there. Electrified or not, the fence has been a great hit at keeping wild animals out of District 12. Inside the woods they roam freely, and there are added concerns like venomous snakes, rabid animals, and no real paths to follow. But there's also food if you know how to find it. If I had known this before meeting Katniss, my mother and I would not have starved, but of course I probably wouldn't have been brave enough to pass the fence alone. I asked her once how she knew all of this and she said her father taught her before he died in a mine explosion. I remember it clearly. I had just turned eleven. My mother and I were invited to the funeral. At that time I hadn't known who Katniss was. Even five years later she has nightmares about her father. I remember sleeping over one night and I woke up to her screaming for her father to run. Katniss is my best friend, but she's usually so closed off sometimes. That night was the first time I heard her cry. Even though trespassing in the woods is illegal it carries the severest of penalties, more people would risk it if they could but most are not bold enough to venture out with just a knife. I might seem brave now that I am venturing outside of district 12, but that's because I know Gale and Katniss are at the Meadow right now. If I knew neither of them would go I would not step a foot outside the fence. I´m a coward I know, but not having a father to teach you how to survive and hunt or a mother who knows her plants can be a downside. But I learned anyway Katniss taught me. I don't know what she saw in me, my first guess would be pity but she helped anyway. With her helping me to shoot with a bow and arrow. I usually try to help with her hunting and trading. The only thing I am good at for sure is sewing ripped clothes and making the booby traps for hunting. Most of the Peacekeepers turn a blind eye to the few of us who hunt because they're as hungry for fresh meat as anybody is. In fact, they're among our best customers. Which helps a lot with not starving. I have asked my mother not to work at the coal mine since I bring enough food home to last us both for a month, but she refused. My mother is a stubborn woman. I think she has gotten so use to being there, basically that is the only thing she knows to do. "District Twelve. Where you can starve to death in safety," Is usually what Katniss mutters every time we're at the meadow and I completely agree. I glance behind me just to make sure no one is following me. The anxiety never leaves you even when you're all alone. The fear of someone might hearing you whisper something wrong. I learned from a young age to keep my mouth shut. My mother is a paranoid person. When you're living in district 12 that's a smart person. she would tell me from a young age that everyone could not be trusted or most of them were working for the Capitol. With the stories she told me it of course made me into a paranoid mess. I would only speak at school if I was forced to and politely smile to the adults. Paranoia and anxiety was controlling me until I met Katniss. I would not say a word to anyone in fear of being taken away from my mother or the Capitol making me one of their many victims. Please don't get me wrong I love my mother but she is what I call a fragile soul. Seeing so much of what the Capitol can do has broken her like so many others here in district 12. In the woods I see the two most important people in my life. People that I truly can be myself around and feel safe. Gale and Katniss. I smile as I climb the hill towards the rock that overlooks the valley. The haven't noticed me yet. Gale is showing Katniss an arrow stuck inside a bread. They are both laughing when I finally reach them. Katniss has the bread in her hands as she takes a whiff of it and smiles "Mm, still warm" She says. I quickly take the bread out of her hands and inhale the warm bakery baked bread. She is right it's still warm. As I hand the bread back to Gale and give a tiny hug to Katniss I ask him "How much did this fine bakery baked bread cost you?" "Hallo to you too Vera." Gale says with a grin. I smile and give him a hug too. "So how much did it cost you?" Katniss repeats my question. "Just a squirrel. Think the old man was feeling sentimental this morning," says Gale. "Even wished me luck." Katniss pulls out something from her bag. "Well, we all feel a little closer today, don't we?" She says, As I roll my eyes and snicker knowing what she means. "Or maybe it´s a gift from his wife?" I say in a sarcastic tone "Doubt it." Katniss says and we all laugh. Everyone knows the baker's wife is a complete monster with her permanent angry face. Except maybe for the baker, but I am not sure. "Prim left us a cheese." Katniss says finally pulling the cheese out from her bag. Gale´s expression brightens at the sight of cheese. "Thank you, Prim. We'll have a real feast." All of a sudden he is talking in a Capitol accent as he mimics Effie Trinket, the weird upbeat woman who arrives once a year to read out the names at the Reaping. "I almost forgot! Happy Hunger Games!" He plucks a few blackberries from the bushes around us. "And may the odds —" He tosses a berry in a high arc toward Katniss. She catches it in her mouth. I laugh while cheering for her. I take a few myself. They taste sweet and bitter at the same time "— be ever in your favor!" Katniss finishes with equal pep. They usually joke about it because the alternative is to be scared out of your wits. At the beginning I nearly peed my pants when they made fun of the accents. I told them that they were out of their minds and they could get killed for it. Eventually I got used to it and when months had gone by and nobody came to kill us I let it go. Besides, the Capitol accent sounds funny and weird anyway. When I first heard one I had to listen very carefully for what they were saying because every word coming out sounded weird. I glance towards the valley as I lean my back on a rock. Beside me Gale pulls out his knife and slices the bread. I shift my gaze towards Katniss. She´s looking at Gale. I know that look She is in a deep thought. Something you catch up on when you're friends with Katniss Everdeen. They look alike. Gale and Katniss they could be siblings. When I first met Gale I actually thought he was her brother. Straight black hair, olive skin, they both even have gray eyes. I have noticed most families who work at the mines resemble one another this way. My mother looks more like Katniss than Katniss's own mother does. My skin is little more darker than both Katniss and Gale´s and I don't have gray eyes. Mine are hazel colored. Once a Peacekeeper told me I looked more like the people from district 11. Gale spreads the bread slices with the soft goat cheese, carefully placing a basil leaf on each while I strip the bushes of their berries. The wind peacefully roams through the trees, with the clear view of the valley, which is teeming with summer life, greens to gather, roots to dig, fish iridescent in the sunlight. The day is glorious, with a blue sky and soft breeze. The food's wonderful, with the cheese seeping