Summary: Sometimes even dangerous jungles full of wild animals are better than the reality. Prompts in Panem-Day 2 (dreameverlark, rats) Warning: Character death, thoughts of death AN: 1)not an english native speaker w/ no beta so sorry for the mistakes. 2)all characters belong to Suzanne Collins 3)I´m still a newbie in the whole writing gig trying to understand to get my thoughts on paper. Jungle Kids Katniss It´s dim and air feels heavy with rain. Dark green foliage is all around us and we have to search a way through all the plants. I can hear the monkeys scream in the distance and the rain drops falling on the leaves. And then, really faint I can hear the roar of the panther. The hunter of this jungle, the danger of this region, our enemy. We are on the hunt, on a mission. Me, Katniss 10 years old hunter extraordinary and my faithful assistant Rue, 9 years old. "Do you see her?" asks Rue. „No, but she can´t be far." I pull an arrow on my bow moving slowly to the corner. This jungle is full of danger and the most dangerous is the panther. But me and Rue will find her and kill her. We have to, for the other kids. The panther is cruel punish us for such ridiculous things like, the light was on too long or we laugh to loud. It´s my responsible after all because I´m the leader of our little group. We sneak through the narrow paths in the underwood, avoid the chairs, beds and other things in this jungle. And then I see her. The panther. The monster of our jungle. She calls herself nurse Enobaria. She stands with her back to Rue and me, talking/stalking nurse Delly, the jumpy bird. Always chirping, expect when the panther or the sly snake, nurse Cashmere are there. The bird looks nervous in the low light. And the panther ready to attack. I hide behind a wheelchair bend my bow, aim and shoot. Bullseye! My arrow hits her directly at the back of her head. Sadly it is not a real arrow just one with a suction pad on one end. The panther twirls around. An angry look on her face. I hide behind the wheelchair, wait till the panther gets in one direction in search of the attacker. I run out to Rue who waits behind a corner. As fast as we can we run back to our base. "You got her Katniss! You shoot the panther!" Rue laughs full of happiness. "Yes" I answer scowling "but she still lives. And now she is angry." The smile vanishes from Rue´s face. The monster of the Panem hospital is still alive, still making our lives, our stay here a nightmare. We reach our base, running through the swinging doors with the words "Child´s station" on them. We have to be in our beds when "nurse Enobaria" comes in checking or we will be in so much trouble. I reach my bed throw my bow under the pillow and climb in. Rue´s bed is on the other side of the room in the big round room with 12 beds in it. Only 8 occupied at the moment. I can already hear the angry stomp of the panther outside when I pull my blanket over me and not a second later the swinging door is thrown open, nurse Enobaria standing in it searching the room for a source of the attack. Her dark eyes look around but don´t find anything. A supreme hunter like myself would not be traced. She stands for an eternity in the door and then finally leaves. I release the breath I was holding. Next time I will beat her. I will end her ruthless reign. I sigh. I know that I´m not really in a jungle. I know that this is not a big adventure. But it is so much easier so. I don´t want to be Katniss the girl with the illness, that prevent me sometimes to breath. The girl that maybe will never grow up or have children of her own. I want to be Katniss the great huntress that beats everyone with her bow and arrows. Someone that can solve every problem in the whole wide world. Someone that can out run every danger and illness. I just want to be a normal 10 year old girl. Maybe someday it will become true. I see a movement two beds over. The new kid, Peeta something he looks at me. He arrived in the station 5 days ago. I can see his eyes in the low light of the overnight lamps. He stares at me. Again. I caught him more than once in the last days doing it. And then the one time he found me singing in my secret spot. NO ONE is allowed to hear me sing. He looked so strange at me after that. He has osteosarcosomis or something like that. He has to get the puke therapy. That is what we call it, because when you get the medicine you have to puke. All .the. time. And you will lose your hair. That makes me kind of sad because he has nice hair, all blond and shiny. But he irritates me with his staring so I do what every hunter extraordinary does. I stick out my tongue, turn around and try to sleep. Tomorrow I have to make new plans to hunt down the panther. Peeta Dear diary, Today was the 4th day of my chemo therapy or puke therapy as the other kids call it here. I´m no longer in the big room with the other kids but in a side room, for a few days till the first round is over. I feel really bad. I´m ill and sleepy all the time and everything hurt. I hate it. The doctors say I have to go through possible 3 cycles and then if my blood looks good they will make the operations. I still cry when think about it. I still remember the day they said I have an osteosarcoma in my left leg. They explained all this things about my illness, but the only think I could think about was that I just had a pain in my leg and that they are wrong. I just hurt my leg somewhere and it will go away. It is a fault and that there will not be an amputation or possible metastases in my lungs and that I possible will not celebrate my eleven birthday. I want to wrestle like my older brothers and play soccer with my friends. I don´t want to lose my leg but dad says the doctors have to cut it off or I will die. I don´t want to die. Sometimes when dad thinks I`m not listening I hear him and the doctors talking about "remission" or a "relapse", about "survival chances" and "preparing for the worst". He always cries after this. My type of cancer is dangerous the doctors told us and rarely. Many metastases can be already in my body, they said. But I´m lucky they said, after a few tests, because they only found the one tumor in my leg. So I will only lose my leg. It is still bad enough, I think. Dad also cries when he thinks I sleep. I wish I could comfort him. But I´m afraid so much already and my head hurts from all the thoughts about my future I imagine. Dad bought me you diary, 'to get your feelings out' he said. Doctor Aurelius (he is a head doctor, I talked with him after they found out what was wrong with me) also said it could help me to "sort my thoughts and feelings about my future." I think they don´t understand that I don´t want to think about it. The people are nice here, expect this one nurse. Enobaria. The other kids call her panther because of her dark hair and her sharp teeth. She is a predator, hunts down the children and the other nurses. I saw her screaming more than once at kids who broke the rules. Her rules. Which are dumb and the kids hate her. They do everything in their power to chase her of, especially the girl with the dark braid. Her name is Katniss. I know her name because I asked Rue. She is the leader of the others and she has a toy bow with arrows with suction pad at one end. She is really good. She never misses a target. She was also the one that came up with the name panther. And she is really beautiful. She has really pretty eyes and on my second day here I heard her sing. I swear the birds stopped to listen. I have never heard something so beautiful. She has no cancer. She has mucoviscidosis and she was already really often in the hospital. Sometimes she has problems to breath and then she has to put on a mask. I wish she becomes my friend but she doesn´t talk much. So I don´t know anything about her and don´t know what to say. She always scowls when she sees me watching her. I think she hates me. Katniss Mommy and Daddy were here a little while ago, together with Prim. I showed Daddy how good I become with my bow. He was so proud. "You are becoming better than me Kitty-Kat" he said. Now they are back home. I miss them but the doctors said I can go home in a short while. But short while always means a long time. At the moment I try to make a better arrow for my bow, so I can hunt the panther. She made Levy cry yesterday. But I can´t really concentrate because HE is again staring at me. I huff and throw everything on my bed beside me. I can´t work this way. Why does he just sit there and stare at me? His first round of puke therapy is over and he gets better each day. That is the reason why he can sleep again in the big room. The doctors said it is good for him because so he can play with us, but I will not play with him. He smiles all the time. That is so strange. I hear a giggle from Rue´s bed. I smile. She didn´t feel good in the last few days. I´m afraid. Her cancer is so strong. Annie sits beside her. Annie is already 15. She had to get her appendix out and she will go home tomorrow. I wish I could go too, but then I would miss Rue. Because I can´t work anymore on my weapon I go over. Maybe they play with me. Rue´s face is grey, she has big circles under her eyes and fallen in cheeks. Her parents are more often here than mine at the moment and they are always sad and they speak long with the doctors. Her Mom cried yesterday really long. I think it is bad. But Rue still smiles. "What are you doing?" I ask them when I reach Rue´s bed. They look up. Annie makes room on the bed for me. "We write a letter" answers Rue. Her voice is so small. "What letter" "A love letter "giggles Rue. Annie´s whole face lit up. "RUE!" she whispers loudly and give her a small punch. "But it is true!" Rue says. She looks at me. "We write a letter to Finnick. Because Annie likes him soooo much!" she says with a singsong voice and starts to laugh. Finnick is a medicine student. He smiles and flirts with all the nurses even the panther. They love him, expect Nurse Enobaria, she just looks nasty and go away. I found him annoying. He always tousles my hair and calls me 'sweetheart', like Doc Abernathy. One time I even try to