Author´s Note: I started this story because of the `Love In Panem` idea on tumblr and written it than in a few days under not so great conditions (nosy coworkers!). A big, big thank you goes to roseymama on tumblr my wonderful beta! Without her editing of my dumb mistakes, this story would be a nightmare to read! Thank you! This is also my first attempt to write smut, so please be gentle in your critic. Would love to get your thoughts. You can find me on tumblr under: sagittaria-sagittifolia Also 'The Hunger Games' and all it´s characters belong to Suzanne Collins. "And don´t forget to always smile! Our recipients deserve the best service! Valentine's Day is the day of love and happiness! And we are here to spread the love! This will be such a great experience and so much fun. What a big, big, big day for all of us!" ' Maybe for you, in your pink, glitter, totally overdone Barbie costume, with heels that are just too high. You do not have to run around in a toga with wings on your back, a bow in your hand reciting poems and messages to total strangers. God, why the hell am I doing this? Valentine´s Day is so dumb!' But Katniss Everdeen knew exactly why she was standing in a conference room of her mega-corporation, dressed like an idiot with 10 other people, getting a motivation speech from Effie Trinket, the assistant of the CEO of Mellark Industries and personal proclaimed "event manager" of the firm. She was standing here because she was just a good girl, a fantastic friend, a manipulable person. But if she had known, she had to dress like an actress in a Greek tragedy, with wings she would have told Finnick to suck it. After all Finnick was the reason why she is wearing this nightmare made of cotton. Finnick was from IT support, like her, and he was the only person that was nice to herwhen she started at Mellark Industries 5 months ago. Everyone was more than skeptic about her age. She is younger than most of the IT people and many think she is not qualified enough for the job, except Finnick. He was only 4 years older than her, and while 28, he was also so young that some of her colleagues in IT don´t appreciated his skills. So the two youngsters stuck together and become friends. Certainly the fact that Katniss also didn´t react to any of Finnick`s flirting tricks, helped to foster this friendship. And this friendship, based on the plain reason that they were alone in their department, was the reason why Katniss is now in this annoying situation. She gives Finnick, who is sitting on the other side of the table, a nasty look. His eyebrows raise up, when he looks at her. ' Don´t look so smug.' She thinks. ' This is your fault after all, only yours. I will kill you for this.' "So my dears," starts Effie again and pulls Katniss out of her musing about Finnick Odair's imminent demise. "If there are no more questions for me about your tasks, I would say come get your list with the recipient names and start spreading happiness and love!" Slowly the people stand up and shuffle to Effie, in her pink nightmare of a business costume, who is smiling like crazy to get the cards with the name of the recipients and the messages for them. Katniss still doesn't get why these people were all here. She was literally pestered to fill in for the last missing "Cupid" and she knew the reason why Finn was here, but the others? Maybe there is a bonus if you play one of Effie´s "Cupids" she doesn't know about after all. Or, an improbable reason she really can't believe when she looks at all the unmotivated faces, these people just love to dress up and play the message-bearer of the "Goddess of Love" or whatever Trinket calls herself. Finnick walks next to her. "What?" he asks and looks at her curiously, when he sees her standard scowl adorning her face. "Was it a mistake or totally calculated from your side that you forgot to mention the dress code?" Finnick just smiles. "I don´t get your problem Everdeen. I thought you hunt in your free time so the bow shouldn't be so strange for you," he says and tucks playfully on the child sized bow in her hands. Katniss jerks it from his reach. "The bow is not the problem, you asshole! The costumes are the problem! I mean look at me! I look ridiculous!" Finnick´s eyes wander down Katniss' dress, which she desperately tries to pull down. "I don`t see a problem here" he replies in a suggestive leer. "Easy for you to say, you look handsome in it. I look like an idiot," she says, ignoring his tone and looking at his toga that reaches his shins. Finnick has the physique and looks of a tall Greek god and he knows about his appeal, so there was no reason for him to be uncomfortable, insecure, ashamed, or anything else in any way. Katniss, on the other hand, was short and not really curvy, insecure and shy most of the time. He looked like Amor; she maybe like a degenerated one. Finnick starts to laugh. "Kitty-Kat you can trust me, you don´t look like an idiot. You look sexy and hot. Like on Halloween!" He says to her with a smile. Halloween…that was a theme Katniss hated to talk about, a subject she avoids, still ignoring the fateful day and what happened on it. Even 4 months later, she gets red in the face when she thinks about Halloween, her so atypical behaviour and the party that was thrown in the office building. The people, the heat, she, dressed as a cat with a short skirt, deep plunging shirt and a dark mask in place, totally drunk. It was all so unusual for Katniss, but the party and her whole life situation was so nerve-wracking for her. She was new, Finnick the only person in the IT talking to her without any work-related reason, her ex-boyfriend just announced his betrothal, her two best friends were as good as married, her sister happy with her own boyfriend and even though she never planned to marry or even fall in love because she saw what had happened to her mother after her father´s death, she felt alone. So to lose the acrimonious feeling in her stomach every time she saw a happy couple, she decided to take a page out of her college roommate Johanna Masons' `How to live to the fullest` book, and just live a little bit. Dressing totally out of her comfort zone, thanks to the help of her friend Madge, going to the `great` Mellark Industries Halloween party and chugging one drink after another, and dancing with everyone was the start for her, but by far not the end of the evening. Maybe she wouldn´t have acted this way with a little less to drink, but she wanted to do the same as Johanna. To drink was therefore the only logical conclusion at the time, after all, Johanna´s motto was to go to a party find a guy and score with him. So she drank, more than normal, a good deal more, and then she saw the blue eyed guy… But that was in the past, 4 months ago and now there were so many more problems, her short skirted dress for example. This is not the "no rules, be unrestrained today" Halloween. This is a normal work day, not a day for a "no one is too drunk to remember it later" party. It's an "everyone will see you in the daylight in this dress" day. "Stop it" she answers and smacks him. "I am serious. These costumes are dumb. Who got the idea?" Finnick rolls his eyes. "What do you think?" he replies and glimpse to the overexcited bon-bon pink woman. The two were almost at the end of the line. "I still think this is a dumb idea," Katniss whispers so that Effie can´t hear them. "You don´t know if she will even say yes, or if you even will get her on your list". "The idea is brilliant" Finnick responds. "And she will be on the list. Brittany from the personnel department made the lists and I asked her to put Annie on my list." "Asked," Katniss replies with a clear question in her words "You mean flirted, right? You flirted with a woman to get the name of another woman on your list." "Semantics" he says. "In the end I got Annie." His gaze goes back to Effie, who presents them with their lists. Finnick was totally nuts about Annie Cresta. Annie was a lawyer in the legal department of Mellark Industries and around 3 months ago she called the IT desk for help because of a minor problem. Finnick was sent in and the rest is history or destiny, like Finnick says. "I met my future wife, Kitty-Kat!" he said to Katniss, the day he came back from his first meeting with the breath-taking Annie Cresta, the second he came back. "The future Mrs. Odair!" "Sure Finnick. Like Susie last week and after 5 days she was not interesting for you anymore." "No, no, you don´t get it. She is the one. I feel it!" Naturally Katniss didn´t believed him, after all, even in the short time the two knew each other she was familiar with Finnick´s way of life. In the beginning he even tried it with her, the flirting, the touches, but rather quickly he found out that he would never have a chance with Katniss, Finnick was just not enticing for her. But this time something was different. Finnick found very way imaginable to visit Miss Cresta. And it even looked like Annie was searching for reasons to call for IT help. Strangely with all his extroverted behaviour he showed day in and day out, Finnick didn´t ask Annie for a date. Even once. "I just can´t Katniss" he said to her one time after she asked him, why he was too chicken to ask her. "What if she says no?" was his serious concern. Katniss found this absurd. It was so clear how crazy the two were for each other that even she, a person who normally never notices these type of signals, could see it. So after she pointed it out to Finnick, he started to formulate his plan, or better said searched for a plan, which presented itself around 3 weeks ago when Effie Trinket asked in a memo for volunteers who would play "Cupids" that spread love messages or poems through the building. Finnick started to write something for Annie and wanted to ask her through one of the "Cupids", but then he thought it would be even greater if he would ask her himself as a "Cupid". That was the plan, but then Effie announced that they still needed one more "Cupid" or the whole event would not happen. So Finnick, in his desperation to get his message to Annie in the most memorable way possible, and the deep conviction that only in this way she would say yes to a date, annoyed Katniss unendingly until she said yes. And now she was standing here waiting to deliver messages to strangers, in a white mini toga, with wings and a children´s bow… `My life is a joke. Is this karma for Halloween?` "My dear, dear Katniss, I really have to thank you again that you agreed to help us. This wonderful event would have been cancelled without you!" Effie says when it is Katniss' turn to get her name list. "No problem Effie. I love to help" she replies in a monotone voice. The same sentence she had already said