"They can't bloody do this, not after we fought a bloody war!" "Ron, you're going to have a stroke. Please sit-" "I bloody well will not sit down Ginny! This is a goddamn outrage!" Hermione held the Daily Prophet in her hands and stared dazedly at Ron pacing the living room of Grimmauld Place. The Golden Trio had been aware that rumors of a proposed 'Marriage Law' were circulating the Ministry, but they had not been prepared for this. Wizengamot Passes Mandatory Marriage Law, Population in Crisis! The headline was dramatic, accompanied by a picture of several prominent Wizengamot members looking dire. The following article did little to dispel the bleak picture the legislators painted for the necessary passing of the law. Magical Britain, rocked by two wars and a declining birth rate, was set to encompass only one hundred citizens in a century's time, the majority being passed child bearing age. "They can't expect us to just take this lying down!" said Ron. "We don't have any say in this at all." "We won't be held in suspense," Harry said from where he was standing at the window, staring out into the back garden. "The matches are being passed out tomorrow. There's a mandatory meeting at the Ministry." Hermione turned to look at Harry, expecting to see anger, but only finding resignation. The war had taken a toll on them all, but five years later Harry hadn't fully recovered. He and Ginny's burgeoning relationship had gone a long way to bring him back from the edge, but Harry still had terrible nightmares that would echo about the house where the four had been living since the battle. She hoped that these ministry idiots wouldn't split up the couple, Harry deserved happiness more than anyone. Ron, however, was a little less optimistic. "Harry! This is serious! What if they try and marry the girls off to disgusting Death Eaters, or-" "Ron," Ginny appeared to be almost in tears with this plea, "just shut up." She got up from the sofa where she had been sitting to join Harry at the window, slipping her hand into his. Harry's shoulders relaxed and he leaned his head against hers. Hermione folded up the paper and crossed the room to throw it into the fireplace. "We will just have to see tomorrow," she said, as the headline went up in flames. Early the next day, the four Gryffindors crowded into the Atrium at the ministry with seemingly every other person in Magical Britain under the age of fifty. They had largely been out of public life since the war ended, so several people turned to stare as they made their way toward a long table. "Name?" enquired the harassed ministry employee checking people in, not even looking up. "Harry Potter." The officials head whipped up so fast, it was a wonder he didn't strain something. "And as you can see," Harry continued, "this is Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley." "Of course Mr. Potter! We will alert your match counselor that you have arrived." Hermione turned to Harry and mouthed 'match counselor?' but he shook his head and moved toward some temporary benches that had been set up to accommodate the waiting crowd. Among those already seated, Hermione could see Susan Bones and Luna Lovegood chatting in a group with Seamus Finnegan and Dean Thomas. She waved to Luna as they passed, having kept in close contact after school while Hermione was researching her history of the rise and fall of fae in the Highlands. While many of her friends had chosen to go into public service, Harry and Ron had been first in line for the Aurors, Hermione had opted to rejoin her scholarly pursuits from school. She still held that all creatures deserved equal treatment under the law, but she thought that a better educated public was the way to achieve that. And now as she looked around this institutional lobby, she didn't regret her decision to put off a political life. So much for a ministry who put the will of the people first. "Merlin, as if this day couldn't get any worse," Ron groaned, as a familiar blond head appeared in the crowd. Malfoy was flanked by Goyle and Zabini as they made their way up to the registration table. After five years the changes in Malfoy were subtly apparent. During the days after the final battle, and later the Death Eater trials, his pointy features had become more pronounced with stress. Now, dressed in black with a fashionably cut cloak, Malfoy had regained some of his dignity and cut an imposing figure in the crowd. "Well, at least we know that everyone is subject to this farce," Ginny said, rolling her eyes as Malfoy swept towards the edge of the room with his entourage. As the time approached that the matches were set to be read, the mood of the room deteriorated. Ron got up and began to pace. Ginny had a death grip on Harry's hand and just stared straight ahead. The sound level in the Atrium decreased until it was oppressively silent. Finally, the clock struck nine and a bell tolled out the hour, but it could have been an explosion for all the calm it brought to the room. On a small dais in front of the large fountain a man stepped forward to address the waiting crowd. "Ladies and gentlemen," he began, "we of the ministry welcome you on this auspicious day. No doubt, you have read about the grave challenges our country faces without the forethought of the Wizengamot. Together, we can stave off extinction and grow our society so that we may truly begin to thrive." Hermione snorted in response to this politically correct speech and Ginny suppressed a small bubble of hysterical laughter. It didn't get any better than some old booby getting up and giving some vague statement about how this all was for the 'good of your country'. Another person was approaching the front of the dais now, with a long roll of parchment in hand. Ron physically gulped as this ministry official thanked the first and stepped to the front. "Thank you all for being here today. These matches have been determined by the most sophisticated magic we possess and are therefore final." Ripples of unease flooded the crowd at this statement. "We have ensured that each match will produce a sufficient number of children with a low chance of complication, so that we may begin to enrich our society again. If the match is so unpalatable that either party choose not to accept, or an alternate match cannot be established, the penalty will be banishment from the magical community and the snapping of the individuals wand. We encourage you to view these match appointments as the beginning of a new life with your most perfect spouse." Angry mutterings were spreading throughout the crowd at this point and the official had to raise his hands for silence. "Ladies and gentlemen, please. We will now call your names and you will go through to your private appointments where your match will be revealed. Your ministry counselor will explain the details of what the match entails and you will exchange a ring as a promise to each other." Ron did begin to panic at this statement. "Harry were we supposed to bring rings?" he asked, wildly looking around to see if other people were having the same reaction. Harry exchanged a conspirative look with Ginny before shrugging at Ron. "Dunno mate, I think we will find out," he said, still holding Ginny's hand. The official unrolled the scroll with a flourish and held his hands for quiet again. "And now, without further ado, we will begin. Hannah Abbott!" A willowy blonde girl from their year arose from her seat and was shown through a door to the left of the dais. "Terry Boot!" Hermione sighed and turned to her bag for the book she had brought. This was going to take hours if each person was to be called individually. Ron resumed his pacing and Harry began twirling his wand in his empty hand. "Hermione Granger!" Hermione gave a start and snapped her book closed. "Golly, that was fast. Did they call the whole alphabet before G?" she asked as she rose and tucked her book away. Harry shook his head, "They're skipping around. Malfoy and about half our year have already been called." She wrapped both Harry and Ron in tight hugs and then went through the same door Hannah Abbott had passed through. The corridor beyond was littered with doors that seemed to stretch on and on. Each had a small plaque and Hermione laughed when she realized they were all blank. 'Must be personalized with your name when you come to the right door', she thought and started walking. After passing some twenty odd doors, she finally saw a change in the plaque of the 21st. 'H. Granger' was written in large, curly letters and Hermione drew herself up in front of it. 'Here goes', she thought, pushing through the door into the room beyond. Inside, the room was an institutional kind of warm, like a wolf in sheep's clothing. A small fire burned in the grate, but no light suffused into the room. A pair of matching olive green arm chairs flanked a wooden desk where the person Hermione assumed was her match counselor organized papers. The other occupant stood when she entered and the shock of recognition was almost enough to knock Hermione back. "Malfoy?" "Yes, Granger," he grimaced, "it seems we are a perfect match." "Ah Miss Granger," exclaimed the counselor, "I was beginning to worry you had lost your way. Please sit, we have much to discuss. I was just beginning to go over details with Mr. Malfoy here." "I'm afraid there has been some mistake," Hermione said, as she moved toward the unoccupied arm chair. "No, no Ms. Granger. The ministry is quite excited about the results predicted for your match with Mr. Malfoy here." She smiled in Malfoy's direction and he visibly recoiled. "But how rude of me, I am Mrs. Sheldon and I will be presiding over your first vows today." "First vows?" Hermione asked helplessly. "Granger, don't be ignorant," Malfoy quipped, "we are here to plight our troths before we leave today." As her expression remained quizzical, Malfoy sighed. "Wizarding marriages are built on three vows, Granger. The first we make to each other: our intention to marry. The second we make in front of witnesses: the ceremony. And the third we make with no observers." Hermione's panicked expression was enough to tell Malfoy that she gathered the meaning he was alluding to. This was all becoming to real, she hadn't even thought about the physical aspect of this farce. "Mrs. Sheldon, was it?" Hermione began, looking away from Malfoy. "What about an alternative match? I'm sure the ministry has made a mistake of some kind here." "Oh, no Miss Granger. We have thoroughly vetted each match and we took many factors into consideration." Malfoy laughed at this. "You seem to have missed a huge factor here, Mrs. Sheldon," he said acidly. She looked between the two of them, shaking her head. "I assure you, Mr. Malfoy that-" "No Mrs. Sheldon," Malfoy said, cutting her off. "What you seem to have missed, in all the ministry's infinite wisdom, is a simple fact that could be deduced from our past relationship." "And what is that, Mr. Malfoy?" Hermione couldn't take it anymore and she stood up abruptly, her chair skidding back across the floor. "We hate each other! One look at our school years would tell you that," she seethed, hair starting to spark with small purple flares. "Steady on, Granger. I wouldn't go that far," Malfoy protested. Hermione turned an accusing glare on him. "Oh, don't try to downplay it Malfoy. This marriage is laughable in its ridiculousness. We fought on