Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination. In this story Harry is thinking of the name Albus Severus for his and Ginny's first child so there is no James Sirius Potter yet. "YOU WANT TO WHAT!" "I think it would be a really nice gesture Ginny. Dumbledore helped me so much and he was such a big part of defeating Voldemort. And Snape spied for almost two decades to keep us all safe all because he loved my mother so much." "THOSE ARE NOT GOOD REASONS HARRY JAMES POTTER. DUMBLEDORE DIDN'T HELP YOU, HE POINTED YOU IN THE DIRECTION OF DANGER AND THEN LET YOU GO 'GROW AS A PERSON' AND 'SOLVE YOUR OWN PROBLEMS' AND BASICALLY DO HIS JOB FOR HIM. AND SNAPE? HE HATED YOU, HARRY. YES HE LOVED YOUR MOTHER BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN HE WAS A NICE PERSON." "Do you really need to shout Gin, you're right next to me." He swore as his fuming wife sent a Stinging Hex and then a Bat-Bogey Hex at him, "Merlin Gin, calm down." "I WILL CALM DOWN WHEN YOU FIND YOUR BRAIN. THIS IS THE STUPIDEST IDEA YOU'VE HAD SINCE YOU DECIDED TO WANDER INTO THE FORBIDDEN FOREST SO VOLDEMORT COULD KILL YOU." "I'm just going to go to Ron's for a bit," Harry told her as he dodged flying bogies, "I'll see you later Gin." And then he fled. "HERMIONE. YOU NEED TO GET OVER HERE RIGHT NOW. HARRY HAS GONE COMPLETELY BARMY AND HE WANTS TO NAME THIS BABY ALBUS SEVERUS POTTER. YOU NEED TO COME OVER IMMEDIATELY SO WE CAN PLAN AN INTERVENTION. I REFUSE TO LET HIM DO THIS." Hermione watched as Ginny's Howler began shredding itself and did a quick diagnostic spell on herself to check it hadn't damaged her hearing – when she got mad Ginny could be even worse than Mrs Weasley … and that was saying something. Albus Severus Potter. Well that was a very Harry idea. Also terrible. Ginny was right, he had to be stopped. She stood up and conjured her Patronus to send a message to Ron, Fred, George, Sirius, Luna, Neville, Remus and Tonks telling them to meet her at Potter Manor. Harry was exceptionally stubborn when he wanted to be and it would take all of them to talk him out of his latest bad idea. "I don't know why you're bringing me back here Ron," Harry said as his friend practically forced him through the front door of Potter Manor, "Gin went mental at me earlier and I should really give her some time to calm down." "Sorry mate, but you can't just hide out at my place, not when there's such an important matter at stake. I mean honestly – Albus Severus Potter. What are you thinking?" Harry's eyes narrowed, "who told you?" "Hermione. Ginny told her." Harry frowned, "I don't know why everyone thinks it's such a bad idea." Ron looked disgusted, "honestly Harry, I don't know how you think it is a good idea." And then he unceremoniously shoved Harry through the door they'd reached and into a room full of his worried looking friends. There was a large banner hanging above the group flashing different colours and Harry was briefly reminded of the spell Hermione had used on Dean's banner back when they were first years at Hogwarts during his first Quidditch match. Except that banner had inspired him, whereas this one did anything but. " Intervention ," he read out, "really guys?" Ron smiled sheepishly and held out a bowl of Harry's favourite snacks, "does it help that we brought nibbles?" Harry remained unimpressed, and a little bit offended, "I managed to avoid getting killed by Voldemort for years guys. I think I'm capable of choosing a sensible name for my son." "Clearly not," muttered Fred to George, who nodded, "it seems like all those near-death experiences had some kind of effect on his sanity. Such a shame." "I can hear you, you know," Harry growled at the twins, "I am perfectly sane thank you very much." "Harry," Hermione said in a tone that tried to be soothing but didn't quite manage it, "I understand your reasoning, but we just don't think it's a brilliant idea." Harry scoffed, "you can't talk Hermione, Malfoy wants to call your kid Scorpius." " That's a family tradition," Hermione replied smoothly, "besides, I'm still trying to talk him around to the idea of Leo." " Lion ," Sirius snorted incredulously, "good luck with that." "Don't underestimate the power of a mother," Tonks warned, "by the time Teddy was born Remus was ready to promise me anything if I'd just stop squeezing his hand – and he has a rather higher pain tolerance than most." Remus winced at the memory while Hermione and Tonks shared a high five. "Harry," said Sirius, "you know I love you like a son but this is not a good or sensible idea. I mean it's Snivellus for crying out loud, how can you even think –" Hermione elbowed him and glared at Ron, who was nodding his agreement emphatically, "I know you didn't like Professor Snape, but maybe we can try and keep your old grudge out of it and focus on reasoning that doesn't include your Hogwarts-era bullying." Sirius' eyes narrowed, clearly ready to defend his opinion of Severus Snape – which had only been marginally improved by the realisation, just after Snape's death, that he had remained a spy for the Order despite his apparent betrayal – but Hermione's glare quelled him. Hermione Granger-Malfoy was scary enough usually but being four months pregnant made Sirius even more wary of her temper. "What Sirius means," Hermione explained, "is that Professor Snape did not have a good history with your father, and that his history with your mother was also quite fraught." "Severus tried to do the right thing," Remus admitted, "but he was never what anyone would consider a kind man, nor do I believe he wished to be viewed as a hero. And Albus, though I owe him a great debt, made a lot of huge errors in judgement, especially towards the end of his life. It is something that really needs to be considered, having a namesake for your child. And it is especially important to think about it when those figures are as high profile as Albus and Severus – you should not let anyone tell you what to name your child, but you should also take into account what issues that name might cause for them in the future." "And," Ginny said with her hands on her hips and a frown on her face, "you should also be considering what your wife thinks. We are a team, Harry, and we make decisions together. I don't want to argue with you, or refuse to consider a name outright, but there is a line and I am not going to let you cross it, not with our children." Harry looked at his angry wife, a little in despair at having clearly hurt her with his decision. But it was something he felt so strongly about and he was also irritated that none of them, not even Hermione (who had always had so much respect for Snape and Dumbledore), could seem to see his point of view. "I'm sorry Gin," he told her, "but I really want to honour them. I know you might not believe it, but without them the war would probably not be over. I hope you come to understand that." And, eager to escape their judgmental looks, Harry left the room. "Tell me it isn't true." "Get lost Malfoy." "Now is that any way to talk to your best friend's adored and astoundingly good looking husband." Harry sighed, "I really don't know what Hermione sees in you Malfoy. Now, I'm assuming you're asking about the baby name?" "So it is true. Merlin, I though Granger was joking." "Don't you ever think it's weird that you call your wife by her maiden name?" Draco shrugged, "it's still her surname, sort of. You know she double barrels, though I've no idea why it's so important to her. Besides, she likes it. And I call her Hermione sometimes." "When? I've never heard you." "Well I'd certainly hope you've never been around while we –" "Ok I get it Malfoy, Merlin there are some things a guy doesn't need to know about his best friend." Malfoy sniggered at Harry's grimace but then his expression turned serious again. "So back to this outrageous name choice of yours, Potter. What are you thinking? Your kid is going to have a hard enough time being half Weasley and half Boy-Who-Lived-Only-By-Fluke-And-The-Help-Of-More-Talented-Friends (cough my wife)." "I don't need to explain my reasoning to you , Malfoy – you might have managed to get Hermione to fall in love with you, though I still have my suspicions about how you managed that, but we are not friends." "Of course we're not friends, Potter," Malfoy said with an outraged look on his face, "but enquiring minds want to know how truly brain-damaged you must be to pick such a name for your child." "Go away Malfoy." "If you can't even manage to justify it then you're crazier than I thought." "I will hex you," Harry threatened, putting all the power he could into his glare. Malfoy didn't seem at all intimidated, "of course you won't, you're too scared of Granger." "Hermione would understand," Harry countered, even though deep down Hermione really did terrify him. Malfoy just laughed, "delude yourself all you want, Potter." And then, without a word of goodbye, he turned his back on Harry and vanished out of the door, still laughing to himself. The absolute tosser. "Harry said you've been harassing him, Draco." "I wasn't harassing," her husband replied with an unconvincing look of innocence on his face, "I was merely trying to help him make a decision that wasn't so monumentally idiotic." "So you have been harassing him." Draco pouted. Hermione thought he looked ridiculous. "Maybe you should leave the task of convincing Harry of the error of his ways to those of us who can get through a conversation with him without starting a duel." "That was one time." Hermione raised an eyebrow. "Alright," Draco conceded, "maybe more than once. But there was no challenging when I spoke to him yesterday." "Just insulting then?" Hermione said. "Baby steps, Granger, you can't expect me to just be nice to Potter without some time to get used to it." "You and I have been married for a year, Draco, and we were dating for four years before that." "Yeah, well Potter is very annoying," Draco muttered. Hermione rolled her eyes, "you can be such a child Draco," she said as she waved her wand to summon her coat. "Are you going out? You're not doing anything that might hurt the baby are you?" "Merlin, Draco, do I look like an idiot? I am going to help sort out this Harry baby name issue and you are going to stay far away from the whole situation. I told Theo that you'd be at Nott Manor by lunch so that you can have a pick-up game of Quidditch with him, Blaise, Adrian, Daphne and Greg." "You arranged a playdate for me," said Draco flatly. "Well if you will act like a child …" Hermione grinned, kissed him quickly and then apparated away. Draco loved his wife fiercely, but sometimes he really wanted to hex her (and her frustrating friends). "I blame the Dursleys," Sirius said gloomily to Remus as they sat watching Teddy on his toy broom. "For what?" "Well if they'd not been gigantic bullies I'm sure Harry would have been better adjusted emotionally and able to see that clearly Dumbledore and Snivellus are not role models." "Pad–" Remus