Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination. Harry wasn't happy. Hermione was worried what he might do. The DA was broken up thanks to that little sneak Marietta Edgecombe and she thought it might be the last straw for her best friend. Umbridge had been steadily removing all that Harry enjoyed at Hogwarts and now her efforts were complete. Dumbledore was gone to parts unknown and Hermione was of the opinion that he hadn't been much help this year anyway, seeing as he had been ignoring poor Harry. She didn't know what she could do to make things better within the bounds of the ridiculous rules and regulations that Umbridge had set up. So, with less reluctance than would be expected of the Gryffindor know-it-all, she decided to break a few rules. More than a few really, but she didn't feel so bad considering they were under Umbridge's tenure at the moment and Hermione had nothing but contempt for the pink-clad monstrosity masquerading as a headmistress. She borrowed Harry's cloak and map for a few days, citing a need to spend a lot of time in the library without detection by Umbridge, Filch and the Inquisitorial Squad. Harry asked no questions. All she had to do was mention the library and both he and Ron were totally unsuspicious about the fact that she wasn't around much for a few days. She snuck down to Hogsmeade to send an owl to Remus in order to avoid Umbridge's mail opening policy. Just for good measure she also used a code she had spoken to Remus about over the summer - fairly simple but quite obscure. She had thought about involving Ron but eventually decided against it. He wasn't exactly subtle and her whole plan largely hinged on no one at Hogwarts being any the wiser as to what she'd done. Ron would want to go along or get involved and Hermione knew that the more people that knew of her plan, the less secure it would be. Besides, it would be suspicious if all three of them disappeared together for a few hours. With Ron in the castle all she had to do was tell him she had a big project in the library and that she thought Harry was off somewhere brooding ("and I know we shouldn't let him Ronald, but he's rather upset about Cho so maybe we should just leave him alone for a little while") and their best friend wouldn't even question it, all the while giving them an alibi by truly believing he knew exactly where they'd both been. She felt a bit bad about using Ron in that way but desperate times called for desperate measures and they really needed to get Harry out of his bad headspace before he did something monumentally stupid and possibly got himself expelled by Umbridge. Now all she needed to work out was how to get Harry where she needed with minimum questions – she did not want a repeat of the shouting they had been subjected to when he arrived at Grimmauld Place last summer. "Hermione, what in Merlin's name are we doing?" She hushed Harry violently as they heard footsteps, grasping onto his arms to make sure he stayed still. He often forgot that an Invisibility Cloak didn't stop the person under it from making noise and she was constantly the one who had to remember the charms to stop the sounds of their footsteps, sniffles, coughs and other noises when they were under the cloak. Cho and Marietta, whose forehead was thick with concealer, walked past them, thankfully without noticing anything out of the ordinary. She watched Harry as he tried to look away from Cho aloofly even as his eyes couldn't help but gaze at her forlornly. Normally she'd try to be more sympathetic but there was no time for that today and so she dragged him away, using a whispered Silencio to stop his protests. He looked worried as she led them outside and towards the Whomping Willow. He'd never forgiven the tree for what had happened to his Nimbus 2000 and to he and Ron while they were in Mr Weasley's flying car. They stopped before they got into whacking distance of the tree and Hermione levitated a fallen branch to the right spot to freeze the tree. It took her half a dozen attempts and she wished she'd been able to bring Crookshanks, who would have got it done much quicker. Unfortunately, her clever half-kneazle had some magical resistance to being silenced and she couldn't risk bringing him and having him give them away (clever and loyal though he was, he was a cat did not always listen to her when she hushed him). "Won't Umbridge be watching for anything suspicious?" Harry asked as they made their way down through the tunnels of the Whomping Willow, "this mad tree freezing for a minute is pretty unusual after all." Hermione couldn't help but grin, "oh I think our dear Headmistress and her Inquisitorial Squad are going to be a little busy for the next few hours." "Hermione," Harry said slowly and with no small amount of fear, "what did you do?" She shrugged. Over the last few years she'd gotten better about breaking the rules when a good reason arose and she'd also realised that she did have a rather vindictive side when provoked. " I didn't do anything Harry," she plastered a faux-innocent look onto her face, "I merely made some comments to Colin about a hypothetical situation Umbridge might face. He told Ginny and she told Lee and Lee decided that it would be a perfect tribute to Fred and George. Then Peeves got in on it and it all snowballed from there." Harry grinned for the first time in days, "what –" But she put a finger to her lips, "you have to seem surprised when you find out. Plausible deniability and all." Harry sighed happily, "have I ever told you that you're a genius Hermione?" She smiled back, "once or twice, but it's always nice to hear it anyway." She led Harry through the familiar tunnels towards the room that they had confronted Sirius in almost two years previously. "It's a surprise," was all that she would tell him when he questioned what they were doing. Thankfully he didn't seem too angry at the secrecy. She'd been a bit worried that he'd blow up at her for being mysterious (he'd had more than enough of that from Dumbledore) but it seemed that her admission that a large-scale prank had been put in place against Umbridge and the Inquisitorial Squad had cheered him up a little. Hopefully her main plan would make him even happier. When they reached the room, even dustier than it had been two years ago, she waved her wand to clear and fix two chairs and then sat down to wait, gesturing to Harry to do the same. "Now what?" her best friend asked. Hermione heard the distant sound of a pop signaling apparition and knew that their ticket away from the castle had arrived. "Now we wait," she told him, "and hope that I don't get a severe lecture for this." Remus Lupin was unsurprised to see Hermione. After all it had been she who he had been planning to meet. She had written to him begging him to come and personally retrieve a parcel she absolutely had to send to Sirius but didn't trust to go by owl post because of Umbridge's interference at Hogwarts. He did not expect to see Harry. Nor did he ever think that Harry was the 'parcel' Hermione had been referring to. "I wasn't lying," she insisted with an earnest look on her face, "I said that I needed to get something to Sirius that couldn't be sent safely by post." "I didn't think you meant a person Hermione." Remus sounded exasperated, surprised and a little amused all at the same time. "And the emergency you wrote about?" he asked after a moment. "It is an emergency," she insisted, "emotional emergencies are just as important as physical ones, especially since the magical world doesn't seem to have any concept of mental health and how to help in that area. Besides, if I didn't get him away from Umbridge for a while soon then something explosive was bound to happen and now is not a good time for Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived, to be expelled … not with Vol– Voldemort around." Remus growled in frustration, "you are so lucky Dumbledore is lying low away from Grimmuald Place. If he knew what you were doing … after what he did to keep Harry in school. I should send you both back up there immediately." "But you won't," Hermione said, her strong belief in what she was doing trumping her usual tendency to follow the instructions of sensible adults without complaint, "because you know I'm right. This will be good for Harry. I promise that I took precautions, Remus. Curfew isn't for over seven hours so we have plenty of time. I've made sure the appropriate people are distracted and no one saw us leave, I'm sure of it." Harry looked at Hermione in awe and wondered when she'd suddenly become so fierce. But, he realised, she had always been that way deep down, she just didn't always show it. Everyone said Hermione should have been in Ravenclaw but Harry knew the truth – she embodied all four of the House in some way but she was certainly a true Gryffindor. They both looked at Remus, who only sighed, "don't you dare ever give a hint to Molly that I condoned this. In fact don't mention it to anyone or I'll be getting a serious earful." He looked at them both, "I'll warn you that side-along isn't pleasant but try not to throw up on me if you can manage it. I'll take Hermione now and then come back for Harry. It's best that Harry has the cloak so if you hold still, Hermione, and I'll use the Disillusionment Charm on you." Hermione felt the power of the spell trickle down her body like an egg had been cracked on her head and looked down at her arm, now the exact shade of the wall. She, Harry and Ron together could no longer fit completely or comfortably under Harry's cloak. This could be a very useful spell to help if the three of them needed to sneak out together (her younger self protested at the idea of plotting to sneak out but Hermione knew that with Harry as a friend it was inevitable). She made a mental note to look up the spell when they returned. She'd heard of it before but never got around to learning it because it took a lot of practice to get it completely right with minimal shimmering and shadows, and trying to keep Harry alive was often a full time occupation for her. But then she took Remus' arm to experience apparition for the first time and the nausea temporarily drove all thoughts of learning a new spell out of her head. "Is that you Moony?" they heard Sirius shout as they shut the door of 12 Grimmauld Place behind them. They could hear footsteps coming down the stairs, "so what did Hermione want me to have that she can't send by normal post? Did she transfigure that Umbridge woman into a toad because if that's the case then she's getting a whole library for her birthday?" "Sirius," Remus said with a slight warning in his voice. "Oh don't act like you wouldn't find it hilarious Moony. That woman is the reason you can't get a job. She's a monster and if I got five minutes alone with her as Padfoot I'd rip