THE LIGHTNING THIEF Winter Solstice, after Giant War Suddenly, a note fell out of the sky, along with a leather bound book, and landed right in front of Zeus. He picked it up and read in his loud, booming voice. Dear Gods and Goddesses, Here is a collection of moments, put together The fates P. s. Demigods will be coming in soon! Another large flash lit up the room, and suddenly 10 demigods were in front of them. A bewildered looked past between them, as they looked around. "Why are we on Olympus?" a blonde haired girl asked. "the fates have made a book," Hestia explained gently. " Now, I know we met after the Giant War, but please introduce yourselves again." a large groan came from the handsome, black haired demigod. "Why is it always me?" he moaned again. Then, realizing he should introduce himself, he stepped forward. "Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon," Poseidon smiled at his favorite son, who 18 years old. "Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena," said the pretty blonde girl who looked about 18. "Piper Mclean, daughter of Aphrodite," A unconventionally beautiful girl around 17 stepped forward "Jason Grace, son of Jupiter," said a boy of about 17, with ice blue eyes and blonde hair. "Leo Flaming Valdez, son of Hephaestus," A small, 16 year old elfish looking Latino boy caught on fire, and then stepped back. "Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto," The youngest looking girl stuttered, her golden eyes round against her brown skin. "Frank Zhang, son of Mars," A boy about 16 who was built like a wrestler said. "Grover Underwood, satyr," A confident satyr wearing a Rasta cap nodded. "Nico Di Angelo, son of Hades." A small, 16 year old kid in all black said. With her ice blue eyes flashing beneath her thick eyeliner, the last girl stepped forward and declared, "Thalia Grace, daughter of Zeus, lieutenant of Artemis." Leo piped up, "Um, Lord Zeus, could we have a chair or something to sit in now that the introductions are done?" Zeus snapped his fingers, and a huge couch appeared. The demigods(and satyr) settled down. Percy slung his arm around Annabeth and Piper snuggled up to Jason. Frank and Hazel held hands, and Grover sat next to Thalia and Nico. "Who wants to read first?" Aphrodite said, barely containing her excitement. "I will," Athena said Athena looked down at leather bound book in front of her. "There is a note This is Percy and annabeth's first meeting! Enjoy! The rain had stopped. The storm still rumbled, but only in the distance. I smelled like livestock and my knees were shaking. My head felt like it was splitting open. I was weak and scared and trembling with grief. I'd just seen my mother vanish. I wanted to lie down and cry, but there was Grover, needing my help, so I managed to haul him up and stagger down into the valley, toward the lights of the farmhouse. I was crying, calling for my mother, but I held on to Grover-I wasn't going to let him go. The last thing I remember is collapsing on a wooden porch, looking up at a ceiling fan circling above me, moths flying around a yellow light, and the stern faces of a familiar-looking bearded man and a pretty girl, her blond hair curled like a princess's. They both looked down at me, and the girl said, "He's the one. He must be." "Princess huh?" Annabeth said, looking at Percy. "I'm sorry Wise Girl!" Percy quickly covered, as he leaned over to kiss her. " I love you?" "This must have been right after I defeated the Minotaur," Percy explained, "And before I really even knew who I was." "You defeated the minotaur? Dude, you've done everything!" Leo exclaimed excitedly, while the rest of the Seven just shook their heads. Grover rolled his eyes, and Thalia laughed. "Dam Annabeth, liked him for that long?" She said teasingly. "Silence, Annabeth," the man said. "He's still conscious. Bring him inside." "And that's the end of that segment," Athena said. "Who wants to read next?" Apollo raised his hand This is when Percy and Annabeth are formally introduced. Enjoy! Down at the end of the porch, two men sat across from each other at a card table. The blond-haired girl who'd spoon-fed me popcorn-flavored pudding was leaning on the porch rail next to them. "Ha, Annabeth had to spoon feed you like a baby!" Leo giggled. "Shut up Valdez," annabeth mummered, her face turning a light pink. The man facing me was small, but porky. He had a red nose, big watery eyes, and curly hair so black it was almost purple. At this, Dionysus, who had been engrossed in a wine magazine looked up. "Johnson, if you are describing me," he let the threat hang in mid air. He looked like those paintings of baby angels- what do you call them, hubbubs? No, cherubs. That's it. He looked like a cherub who'd turned middle-aged in a trailer park. He wore a tiger-pattern Hawaiian shirt, and he would've fit right in at one of Gabe's poker parties, except I got the feeling this guy could've out-gambled even my stepfather. "That's Mr. D," Grover murmured to me. "Perseus Jackson!" Mr. D exploded. " I do not look like a cherub, not am I middle aged!" "I didn't know how awesome you were yet Mr. D!" Percy hurried, scrambling for words. The god looked less angry, and sat back down in his chair. "He's the camp director. Be polite. The girl, that's Annabeth Chase. She's just a camper, but she's been here longer than just about anybody. And you already know Chiron… ." "Whoa, sorry Lord Apollo, but did I hear you say that I was just a camper?" Annabeth's gray eyes flashed as she looked for Grover. He pointed at the guy whose back was to me. First, I realized he was sitting in the wheelchair. Then I recognized the tweed jacket, the thinning brown hair, the scraggly beard. "Mr. Brunner!" I cried. "You didn't realize that Mr. Brunner was probably not his real name even after that?" Jason asked incredulously. "He may be a Seaweed Brain, but he's my Seaweed Brain," Annabeth smirked, leaning in to kiss Percy. The Latin teacher turned and smiled at me. His eyes had that mischievous glint they sometimes got in class when he pulled a pop quiz and made all the multiple choice answers B. "Ah, good, Percy," he said. "Now we have four for pinochle." He offered me a chair to the right of Mr. D, who looked at me with bloodshot eyes and heaved a great sigh. "Oh, I suppose I must say it. Welcome to Camp Half-Blood. There. Now, don't expect me to be glad to see you." "Uh, thanks." I scooted a little farther away from him because, if there was one thing I had learned from living with Gabe, it was how to tell when an adult has been hitting the happy juice. If Mr. D was a stranger to alcohol, I was a satyr. Dionysus growled from behind his magazine. "Annabeth?" Mr. Brunner called to the blond girl. She came forward and Mr. Brunner introduced us. "This young lady nursed you back to health, Percy. Annabeth, my dear, why don't you go check on Percy's bunk? We'll be putting him in cabin eleven for now." Annabeth said, "Sure, Chiron." She was probably my age, maybe a couple of inches taller, and a whole lot more athletic looking. With her deep tan and her curly blond hair, she was almost exactly what I thought a stereotypical California girl would look like, except her eyes ruined the image. They were startling gray, like storm clouds; pretty, but intimidating, too, as if she were analyzing the best way to take me down in a fight. She glanced at the minotaur horn in my hands, then back at me. I imagined she was going to say, You killed a minotaur! or Wow, you're so awesome! or something like that. Instead she said, "You drool when you sleep." "Omigods Annabeth seriously?" Piper exclaimed. "No wonder it took so long for you guys to get together!" Everyone, even Hades, was laughing. Thalia and Nico were rolling on the floor, along with some of the more immature gods (Cough Hermes Apollo and Ares). Percy and Annabeth were slightly embarassed, but it felt good to laugh. Apollo, once he regained control of himself, spoke up. "Who wants to read next?" "I will," said a quiet voice in the corner. Hestia was so silent, everyone had forgotten she was there. She took the book and opened it up. "Yeah, you guys do fight all the time," Nico said. "Almost as bad as Percy and Thalia!" "Shut up Death Breath," the son of Poseidon and the daughter of Zeus said in unison. Nico held his hands up in surrender, and Zeus and Poseidon glared at each other, remembering old arguments. The ever peaceful Hestia took that as a clue to read again. "So far so good," I told Annabeth. "Ten miles and not a single monster." "This is on our way west to find the Lightning Bolt," Percy explained quickly. She gave me an irritated look. "It's bad luck to talk that way, Seaweed Brain." "Remind me again-why do you hate me so much?" "I don't hate you." "Could've fooled me." "No, you love him," Aphrodite said dreamily. The mentioned couple blushed. She folded her cap of invisibility. "Look … we're just not supposed to get along, okay? Our parents are rivals." Cue glares from Athena and Poseidon. "Why?" She sighed. "How many reasons do you want? One time my mom caught Poseidon with his girlfriend in Athena's temple, which is hugely disrespectful. Another time, Athena and Poseidon competed to be the patron god for the city of Athens. Your dad created some stupid saltwater spring for his gift. My mom created the olive tree. The people saw that her gift was better, so they named the city after her." " I personally like the salt spring," Percy said, but when Athena turned her gaze on him, he backtracked. "But olives are delicious!" Annabeth kissed and told him to shut is big mouth. "They must really like olives." "Oh, forget it." "Now, if she'd invented pizza-that I could understand." Everyone laughed. "Dude," Jason snorted," No wonder every major god has wanted to kill you at some point." "Don't forget some of the minor gods too!" Thalia pointed out. "I said, forget it!" In the front seat, Argus smiled. He didn't say anything, but one blue eye on the back of his neck winked at me. Traffic slowed us down in Queens. By the time we got into Manhattan it was sunset and starting to rain. Argus dropped us at the Greyhound Station on the Upper East Side, not far from my mom and Gabe's apartment. Finally the bus came. As we stood in line to board, Grover started looking around, sniffing the air like he smelled his favorite school cafeteria delicacy-enchiladas. "What is it?" I asked. "I don't know," he said tensely. "Maybe it's nothing." But I could tell it wasn't nothing. I started looking over my shoulder, too. I was relieved when we finally got on board and found seats together in the back of the bus. We stowed our backpacks. Annabeth kept slapping her Yankees cap nervously against her thigh. As the last passengers got on, Annabeth clamped her hand onto my knee. "Percy." An old lady had just boarded the bus. She wore a crumpled velvet dress, lace gloves, and a shapeless orange-knit hat that shadowed her face, and she carried a big paisley purse. When she tilted her head up, her black eyes glittered, and my heart skipped a beat. It was Mrs. Dodds. Older, more withered, but definitely the same evil face. "Another Fury?" Poseidon said pointedly at Hades. Hades just shrugged. I scrunched