"Lena? Listen, I'm sorry to wake you, but State Patrol called in another stranded car on your access road." Kelly Ann was the local dispatcher, and while she was trying to say it in a kind way, at this time of night, nearly three am, her message was sure to ruin my night. As it was, she was lucky to get me; I had just come in to bed not twenty minutes earlier from my studio. "Was there a crash? Because the last time you sent me out there, I was almost shot by that damn amped up hunter who ran his car into a tree." Kelly Ann seemed to find this little anecdote far more amusing that I did, and laughed accordingly, before remembering that she need my help. Clearing her voice, she continued. "No accident, just trouble with the engine. With this heat wave that came down last week, that's the fifth request for assistance we've had since Monday. You think folks would learn to take that into consideration this far from town," Kelly Ann commented with a pronounced yawn. It echoed through the phone, eliciting one from me as well. "Did they make it down my road, or are they still on the Route 35?" I asked while stretching out on my bed. My legs were still aching from dragging all the firewood from the back woods and into the studio. Chopping and hauling wood was a cruel chore that I put off as long as physically possible. "They made it to the entrance, but his car didn't complete the turn, so it's likely he's in the dirt." "Do I need to take Gallifrey with me?" I asked Kelly Ann then, knowing she would understand what I was really asking. "He seemed like a dick to me, going on and on about how and why we were incapable of sending someone out to him with the truck. But his license checks out, nothing to cause concern, no priors or so much as a speeding ticket. And he's driving a Mercedes. It's not the city boys that you have to worry about, but I'd go packing somethin' at least. Clint and Dan are out at some rager the kids were throwing at the lake cabins, and judging by their last call, they might not be able to bring the tow rig until tomorrow evening." If Kelly Ann was rolling her eyes as I did, I wouldn't be surprised. This entire summer had been cataloged with adolescent mischief, and I had taken more than a few wayward drunken kids into town for their parents to collect. I was glad they were breaking up now, before anyone got the brilliant idea to target the old Wheeler house on the hill. My feet hit the floor with a thud, and I stumbled my way over to the dresser in search of decent clothing. "Alright. I can keep him out in the studio for the night, if you can send whoever comes in for the first shift to collect him. Maybe if they make it before noon, I'll throw in some bengiets?" "That a deal honey. I might just come myself if you're offerin' that up," Kelly Ann responded before hanging up the phone. She was the only person I knew that didn't end the call with the standard niceties; Kelly Ann simply hung up when she was done talking. To be honest, I think she was scared of me too. Twenty minutes later, I was headed down my private drive on my four wheeler. The cooler night air felt like fresh silk on my skin, compared to the sweltering temperatures of the daytime. Even with all the windows open in the house, there was never any comparative to the open air of the land out here. It took me a good five minutes to navigate down towards the intersection of my road and the main one, and I almost missed the man and his vehicle entirely. The car he was driving was a deep dark blue, with such breathtaking beauty and class that even with my untrained eyes, I knew it must have cost a fortune. The urge to feel out of place gripped me instantly. I had chosen a pair of old denim jean shorts and loose t-shirt, with my cowboy boots and one of my brother's old hats to cover up hair I didn't bother to brush. Combining that with my entrance on this four wheeler, it accounted for the confused face the man held. He was currently leaning against the back quarter of the side facing me, with his long legs crossed casually out in front of him. The car was sleek, but by no means small, and yet he still managed to appear imposing against it. I realized he had to be at least six four, maybe even taller, with very broad shoulders. There was a suit jacket draped on the back bumper, so he was only wearing a crisp white shirt, unbuttoned at the collar, with suspenders that hung with surprising effortlessness attached to neatly pressed suit pants. The scowl he was wearing didn't feel like it matched up with just how handsome his face was. He had longer dark hair that dusted his collar, shadowing his face in the lights from my vehicle, and making it hard to tell if the planes on his face were as sharp and angular as the appeared. His face held a wide jaw, currently clenched in a painful contraction. My eyes blinked several times, just checking to make sure it wasn't some bizarre illusion. People cut from the same cloth as he, didn't find their way into the back country where I lived. Once the engine to the four wheeler cut off, the silence that settled felt odd. It wasn't uncomfortable, just strange. Gallifrey, of course, broke the silence by bounding into the space I was standing in and barking at the stranger. At my command, he stood down, backing up until his big German Shepard ass sat down at a familiar spot near my left foot. Then, the mystery man laughed. It sounded bitter to my ears, mocking me almost, and it compelled me to speak. "I'm Lena," I said while dismounting and pointing behind me to the road. Gallifrey came trailing behind, his head and eyes trained on the new person. "This is my private access road, as Kelly Ann probably told you." My hand hung suspended in the air the between us, with the man looking from my hand, to my face, to my dog in quick sucession. He didn't say anything or make a move to take my offering, but I didn't take it personally. I'm sure the theme to deliverance was playing a steady track in his head. At my lack of breaking the stare we both held, he smiled tightly, finally reaching out to take my hand. "Blake," he responded back with a firm handshake, but with no indication of a smile, or surname. Getting down to business seemed best, since he looked so uncomfortable. "The tow isn't going to be here until tomorrow at some time, so if you want to grab what you need from you car there," I explained, motioning towards the vehicle, "I can give you a lift up the mountain." "My didn't give any indication that there was anything but trees in the area," Blake said with audible frustration. It wasn't unwarranted, or out of place, in this part of the back country. Outsiders often got lost, and in this age of super location technology, most folks weren't accustomed to feeling such disorientation. It turned the best of us cranky, but adding in the heat, and his car trouble, I was surprised he wasn't yelling at me. "That car must be even more expensive than I imagined if it can get a satellite signal out here," I commented with an admiring glance behind him. Gallifrey, now bored that the stranger, decided there was no threat to me, and promptly laid down at my feet and fell asleep. "She's never failed me," Blake responded back, glancing over his shoulder before grabbing his suit jacket off the trunk. He ran his hands over his pockets, and then turned to look at me. t was dark out, almost too dark to catch, but the shadow of something dark popped out from behind his collar when he had stretched for the jacket. A tattoo by the looks of it, was just peeking out from not only his neck, but also one arm. The end tail of some script showed under his rolled sleeve. It added to his considerable handsomeness, making him seem alien. Perhaps that is where he came from. Some foreign planet where ridiculously beautiful people fell from the sky and into the forest. Kelly Ann was going to love this story, I thought to myself. "Ok right, um," I stammered, realizing a little too late that Blake had caught me staring. "The tow isn't going to be able to give you a lift until tomorrow sometime. I can provide you somewhere to sleep for the night, until Clint or someone can come and retrieve the car with the tow. "Gallifrey, up!" I commanded, giving him the signal that we were heading back home. My loyal boy sprung up at attention, not for one second giving away that he was sleepy still. He took point in front of the four wheeler, nose pointed directly where we had to go. Blake was standing near our transportation, with a speculative gaze running it over. My hair was sticking to the back of my neck, so I set about fixing it before the long ride. "You can put your jacket on if you want. It's cool enough out, and then you won't have to worry about losing it along the way," I instructed. Taking my hat off, I bent my head down and shook out my long blonde hair, wrapping the hair band around it and sliding it into a ponytail before shoving it back under the ball cap. Once I had righted myself and glanced to Blake, he was sitting astride my four wheeler, with a look that told me he didn't quite know what to do with it. There was no space at all in front of him, where I would sit and drive. Instead, Blake's thick legs were situated on each side, with Gallifrey bellowing like a hell hound at his knee. There was no yelling, or complaining for Gallifrey to stop, Blake was just staring him down with a curious expression. Then he spoke a few words, in what sounded like German, and my dog stopped barking. Gallifrey sat slowly, but held no anxious tail, and his ears were perfectly relaxed. "I'm the only one he listens to," I explained to Blake with obvious disbelief at what I had just seen. "What did you say to him?" My initial slighted anger retreated into pure curiosity. "Let's go Lena," Blake said, ignoring my question entirely and starting the engine. It thrummed to life in the silent woods, shaking the ground and picking up leaves. They swirled around the dirt near my feet, and so I watched them for a minute, surprised by the artistry that even something as simple as the wind could produce. Blake cleared his throat, redirecting my attention back on him. "What did you say to my dog?" I asked again. "Why Gallifrey?" Blake countered back with a smirk. "Amos named him, I mean my brother did. What did you say to my dog?" Any patience I held earlier fled, and the clear anger in my voice caught his attention. "Your German Shepard is well trained Lena. But he's not some ordinary pet who brings you the paper. I bet he's fast, strong, and protective. Responds only to you, only to your commands, yeah?" Blake asked. I could have been wrong, but his voice sounded kinder than before,