Afternoon everyone (if you're in my neck of the woods at least). I thought it was finally time to put some effort into this awesome idea which I adopted all those years ago from the goddess who is Minerva Athena. But, y'know, I think I've felt such a large disconnect with this song because I wasn't at its origin. I mean I have so much faith in AOAR and my other fics because they're mine, I created that. So I think I need to tweak this idea just a bit. And it just so happens that, after taking down my fic about Harry and co. reading the books, I have a spare storyline that I'm not ready to let go of. Thus, I invite you to enjoy the new and improved 'Harry Potter and the Fifth House'. IMPORTANT THINGS TO KNOW! Harry and Hermione are in the Twins year. Harry and Hermione embrace their love. The events of the original get a little twisted. Harry's POV I was sitting on the floor of the fragile shack, thinking over the last 24 hours. My life had been turned upside down by those letters. Out of all the things they could have signified, magic had never even crossed my mind. Now that Hagrid had told me a little about magic, explaining that all those odd occurrences were the result of my own accidental magic, I felt better about what was going to happen. I felt like I understood what was going on, like now there wasn't a big cloud of uncertainty hanging over my head. Every feeling of strangeness and confusion was because of the magic in me. I had to wake Hagrid up when an owl came in the window (why did wizards use owls in the first place?) because I had no idea what the creature wanted from me. After learning about the money used in the magical world, Hagrid and I were quickly up and off to Diagon Alley. Apparently this was a popular wizarding shopping district in London and for attendees of Hogwarts specifically it stocked the supplies students would need for the school year. To get to Diagon Alley however we had to go through a pub called 'The Leaky Cauldron'. From the way onlookers were completely ignoring the pub, it seemed to me that non-magical people may not be able to see it. Inside was a little startling at first. When Hagrid and I walked in the place was buzzing, people talking over food and drinks. But then they noticed Hagrid. And when they noticed Hagrid they noticed me. And no one has ever noticed me. As everyone stopped doing what they were doing and stared at me, it was dead silent. I heard a glass break, but the stares didn't go away. "Pleased to meet you Mr Potter," a man said, coming up to shake my head. I was confused, not knowing how to respond to this stranger. "No prob-" I went to say, before the man moved along to be replaced by another person. As people kept coming up, shaking my hand, hugging me, one lady kissing me; Hagrid was guiding me forward, trying to push us through the pub. "Hagrid, why didn't you tell me it'd be like this?" I asked him, smiling at a new person. I heard Hagrid laughing behind me. "Harry, yeh wouldn't have believed me if I had, now would yeh?" I realised this was true. I mean, who was this famous? I shook my head at that immediately, thinking about how egotistical it sounded. Eventually the crowd of people died down, and we were faced with a slightly hunched over man. "Sorry about that Hagrid, Mr Potter," he said to us, greeting Hagrid with a handshake and then me. I smiled at him, sensing that he wouldn't fawn over me. "My name's Tom, I own the Leaky Cauldron. If you ever need anything Mr Potter, you just let me know." "Sure thing Tom, thank you," I replied, smiling politely at the nice man. He seemed to be a level head in a crazy universe. I wasn't sure I was going to like this fame thing. But I needed out why I was famous. "Uh, Hagrid?" I asked, hesitating a little. I didn't know why, but all of a sudden I had a bad feeling about this. "Yes Harry?" he relied, as we continued to make our way through the bustling Alley. Thankfully it was busy and no one stopped to gawk at him. "Why exactly am I famous? What did I do?" Hagrid stopped, looked down at me before pulling me gently into a side corner. "Harry , look, I'm gonna tell yeh the basics, but it ain't gonna be all of it because I didn' know all of it." Hagrid took a deep breath before continuing. "A long time ago, there was a very dark wizard." "What was his name?" I enquired. "V-Voldemort, but everyone called him You-Know-Who," Hagrid said, stuttering over his name. "Now, You-Know-Who was killin' a whole lot of people, people that didn' agree with him about the way things should be. And your parents stood against him and he killed 'em. But here's the thing, you survived." My eyes widened at this fact. I had survived an attack by a dark wizard? That seemed abnormal. "But how did I do it?" I asked him. Hagrid shrugged, almost helplessly. "That's the thing, innit? No one knows why yeh were the one to stop him. I mean, you were just a toddler, only just passed three years old at the time. But something about you definitely stumped him that night." "So I'm famous because I was the one that supposedly got rid of Vol- I mean, You-Know-Who," I backtracked, noticing Hagrid's discomfort at the name. "That's about right," Hagrid said, shrugging. "But don't focus on that Harry. None of that will matter when you get to Hogwarts. Now, let's go get your things." As we made our way back into the Alley, I looked at the list again. "So what are we getting first Hagrid?" "Before we do anything we've got to head to Gringotts Harry," Hagrid told me. "It's where witches and wizards keep their gold. Besides, I think you'll need to sort a few things out." "What things?" I asked curiously. "Not to sure, teh be frank with yeh. But I do know Dumbledore said that because yeh were the last one in the Potter family things would be a little different for yeh." I had to blink a few times, hearing that. I mean, I knew my parents were gone but to think that I was literally the only person left in my family. There was not one single Potter on this Earth. Not exactly how I wanted to start my magical journey. "Bow Harry," Hagrid mumbled to me as we passed into the bank and past some ferocious looking guards. I did as he said, mindful of the weapons that each was holding. We made our way to an open teller, where Hagrid gruffly cleared his throat. "'Scuse me, but I've got Mr Harry Potter here. He'd like teh make a withdrawal from his vault and take an inheritance test," Hagrid said. The goblin did not look up. "Do you have his key?" he asked, scribbling on a new form he had pulled from under his bench. Hagrid rummaged through his pockets, pulling out all manner of odd things. After a ball of twine and three small dog bones he produced a small gold key which I assumed would grant me access to my vault. "Here we go, knew it was in there somewhere." The goblin studied the key before nodding, making his way down from his perch. "Mr Potter if you'd follow me this way. Your companion is welcome to wait in our lobby while you are in testing." I looked behind me at Hagrid you just nodded and smiled before making his way to benches in the corner. On his own he took up three chairs, with people in other spots being unable to avoid shooting curious glances at him. "If you would Mr Potter, I do have many reports to file," the goblin teller intoned from next to me, pulling my attention. We made our way through one of the many side doors into a hallway. We passed by several other doors, each with names on them, before stopping in front of one labelled 'Long Claw'. "This is the office of the Honourable Long Claw," the goblin told me. "He is the Account Manager for the Potter and Black accounts. He will handle your test this morning." "Thank you very much sir," I intoned, bowing my head. "I'm sorry but I didn't get your name." The goblin looked a little surprised before, dare I say it, smirking. "My apologies, Mr Potter, my name is Griphook." "It's a pleasure to meet you Griphook," I said, holding out my hand just as Uncle Vernon did whenever he met other men he knew when we were out. Griphook's eyebrows visibly rose at this point, before he gently took my hand. "I assure you Mr Potter, the pleasure is all mine. I will see you at the conclusion of your test when I take you to your trust vault." I nodded at him before watching him walk away. I then turned to face Long Claw's door, raising my hand to knock. "Enter," a low voice instructed from the other side. I did so, looking around the big but dimly lit room. I spotted another goblin sitting at a desk and I paused to bow slightly when I was stood in front of him. "Hello sir," I said when I stood straight again. "I'm Harry Potter and I'm here to take an inheritance test." The goblin nodded, smiling slightly at me. "Ah, Mr Potter, I have been expecting you. Your guardian, a Mr Dumbledore, informed us that you would be here sometime this week. Now to the point of business. Normally you and I would not be meeting in this fashion until you reached your magical majority, but due to the fact that you are the last remaining member of your family certain allowances must be made. First and foremost you are granted the title of Lord of the Most Noble and Ancient House Potter. However," he said, looking up from his papers. "You are restricted in your position. While you have the ability to use the honourific in society and you can exercise certain decisions about your finances, you cannot yet vote on the Wizenagamont or organise marriage contracts, both of which you iwll be able to do come your fourteenth birthday." "I'm sorry to interrupt Long Claw," I said, my mind whirring. "But what is the Wizengamot? And marriage contracts?" "You do not know of these things?" Long Claw asked, seeming very surprised. "No, I've lived with my non magical family for as long as I can remember," I explained to him. He frowned at this news. "That is not the way your guardian should have handled this situation, Mr Potter-" "-Harry, please," I said, smiling. "And I've never even met this Dumbledore person, I'm afraid." Long Claw began growling under his breath. "Rest assured Harry that Gringotts will be investigating this matter. Now, if you are agreeable, we will perform the inheritance test and observe which families and titles you are linked to. While you are immersed in this process I will immediately floo call Mr Dumbledore and ask for his presence. Does this suit you?" "What happens when he comes here?" I asked, feeling very thrown off by the situation. "Will I get to leave my relatives finally?" "Why would you wish to leave Harry?" Long Claw asked curiously. I fidgeted. "My family don't treat me very well. Up until recently I lived in a cupboard under the stairs and I don't really get fed a lot." I felt