Boy oh boy do I sure love you guys! I absolutely love the response I got from the last chapter of AOAR First Year. So, this first one is kind of an one-of-a-kind, extra, super-duper long one, all about the summer between First and Second Year. Hopefully you get a little more insight into the groups as individuals. Enjoy mon amies! Thank you to PrincessMoi Orange-Coyote, Muggle Creator and already torn for reviewing. Lily's Summer It seemed the ten or so months I had spent in what was simply another part of the United Kingdom, had forever changed me in the eyes of my sister. In all honesty, it reminded me of the immaturity of the boys in my kindergarten, where they thought girls had cooties. Of course, back then, I always had Tuney to rely on if I ever needed help. Now, she had become my tormentor. "God Lily, you're such a freak ! Oh wait, you weirdos don't say God. That's how freaky you are!" she would say to me on an almost daily basis. "What happens if I want to get married? I'll have to move away if I ever want to marry someone!" I hadn't said anything to this, though privately I was thinking that no matter how much I loved my sister, she was very obviously against my very being right now. "Will your freakishness spread to my children? You may as well spit on them!" I nearly spit on her after that comment. I also refrained from mentioning the fact that Remus and I believed muggle borns were simply descended from squibs. Of course, after Mum and Dad punished her, sending Tuney to her room or making her do extra chores, or even cutting her allowance and making her stay home instead of going out with her friends, she only kept going about how Mum and Dad were favouring me and how she meant nothing to them any more. I swear I even heard Dad mutter once about how he wondered if I had a spell that made something go silent. I told myself he'd love his christmas present in a few years when I could perform wandless magic, or when I could do magic out of school, whichever came first. I had been communicating with all the girls and guys over the summer, and James was going to invite the Marauders and Scarlett Letters (not that he knows this) to his house for the last week of holidays. I would never have guessed it, but I really do think I've formed strong friendships with all of the boys, not just Remus like I originally assumed would happen. And it wasn't as if I was only best friends with one of them. While Kelsey will most likely always hold a special place in my heart, I love each of the other girls, and the three boys. The relationships I held with each were similar, but all were unique and different in their own way. For instance, Sirius and I had been going on all summer about our favourite candies, and why each of our respective choices was better. Dear Lily-pad, I don't think summer is good for you. Do not listen when people tell you to relax and take a vacation, because you go a little crazy. There is absolutely, positively, distinctly, no way that pumpkin pasties are better than chocolate frogs, for three very simple, yet incredibly obvious reasons (in all honesty, I'm a little surprised you didn't see them): Firstly, chocolate frogs have a smooth, rich creaminess that pumpkin pasties don't have. They have pumpkin. What kind of twelve year old are you?! Has evolution taught you nothing? You should not enjoy vegetables, in any form! Second, the creator of chocolate frogs wasn't senile at the time these sweets were conceived...get it? I said conceived, Lily-pad. And thirdly, and in all honesty, most importantly, I said they were better. And really, what mroe convincing do you need? Hoping you see sense Lily-pad (I'm really starting to worry), Your favourite Marauder, Sirius I had yet to reply, as I was going to see him in a couple of days (thank Merlin. I don't think I could stand Petunia any longer), where I could properly trounce him. Homework all done, I spent the remaining few days until I went to James' thinking about pumpkin pasties and all the other wizarding delicacies I couldn't wait to get back to. ~AOAR2~ Kelsey's Summer "Kelssseeeeeyyyyyyy!" Jonathan jumped on my bed, yelling, "wake up!" What you may be thinking is 'oh, how sweet and adorable'. But factor into the situation the fact that Jonathan is one half of a set of 15 year old twin boys, the other half of which was walking through the door. "Jon, get off our favourite cousin," he chided from the doorway. As Jonathan rolled off me and lay on the bed as I sat up, I laughed at my other cousin. "Daniel, I'm your only cousin," I told him. "That has no affect on my decision," he said, sitting in my desk chair and swinging lazily. "So tell me more about this Sirius fello." Jon sat bolt upright. "Yes, what's happening with him?" I glared at them both. "Have you two been talking to Lily again?" "Of course," they say in unison, as only twins can do, "where else are we supposed to get information about our cousin?" "I don't know, from me?" I asked, sticking my head out into my room, toothpaste spraying in front of me. Jon snorted. "Girl, I'm surprised you even visit us anymore. I still have a bet going you'll move in with Lily around 4th year." I glared at him as I walked back out, heading for my closet. "I love Lily and all, but you can't get rid of me that easily," I said, pausing in looking for my jumper. "Yeah dude, have more faith in her," Daniel chided his brother. "But-" Jon began, before Daniel cut him off. "She's not moving out until at least 6th year!" He burst out laughing as he and Jonathan ran out of the room, ducking their heads when I threw a pillow at them. "Dung brains," I grumbled under my breath. I only wished harder for Mum and Dad to come back safe and sound. I think I was going to die after another minute with these two. ~AOAR2~ Remus' Summer "Little brother, you coming down for lunch or what?" I heard my brother Lyall shout from downstairs. I walked quickly down to the dining room. When I wasn't at school I lived with my brother Lyall and his wife Emily. My parents had died when I was younger, and Lyal and Emily were all I had left. "So have you done all your work?" Lyall asked as we settled down at the table, Emily serving out the food. "Lyall!" Em gasped, shocked, "don't say it like that! You sound like you're accusing him of something! We're not, Remus," she said, looking apologetically at me. I laughed. "Don't worry Emms," I said, leaning over and stealing the bread roll from Lyall's hand, as he sent me a mock-outraged look. "Thanks honey," Lyall said sarcastically at his wife, "I was just making sure he's staying on top of things. I want him to have fun, and after having met James and Sirius I have no doubt that that will happen." "So there's no other reason?" I asked, grinning as I took a bite of my potatoes. "Well, I repeat, I've met James and Sirius, and I-" "Oh sweetie, stop while you're ahead," Em said, holding up her hand. "Don't dig yourself into a deeper hole. What he's trying to say, Remus, is that we fully believe you should have fun and be a teenager, even get into some trouble. Just don't compromise your studies." "I knew there was a reason I married you," Lyall said with a laugh. Ciara's Summer I flinched as my mother's wand came to close to my hair. "Ouch, mataji!" I said, wincing away from the warm wand end. My mother glared at me in the mirror. "Ciara, you are leaving to go to the boy's house today, you must be presentable." "Mataji, they are my friends! They've seen me look worse!" I cried out, sighing in relief as my mother finally finished. "I want you to make sure you behave, and that you thank the Potters for letting you stay, and that none of these boys see you naked," she said, levitating my trunk to the floo network, where Alice and her mother would shortly be picking me up. "Mataji!" I cried out as Alice stepped into the family room, as well as Mrs. Prewett, "no one has seen me naked yet! Not even the girls!" "It's OK, I don't need to see you naked," Alice said, laughing, "now let's hit the road cara ." "Bye Mataji," I said, giving my mother a huge hug, "I'll see you at Christmas OK?" She grinned at me. "Bye beti . I'll miss you so much! Be good, try hard in school, and for the love of Prajapati, don't get into too much trouble." I laughed and joined Alice by the fire as Mrs. prewett leaned over to give my mother a hug (all four of our Mums had strangely bonded while we had been at school). "I say that to Alice all the time Tanaya," she laughed, "we're still on for next Thursday? Rose and Annabelle are free." "Sure thing Beth," Mum said with a smile, "bye girls, have a great year at school! And I'll see you all back here for Christmas!" "Isn't it cute how they think we won't get into trouble?" I whispered to Alice as we went into the fire place. Alice's Summer "Have you been to James' house before?" Ciara asked me. I grinned as I took a bite of my sandwich, chewing thoughtfully. Mum had dropped the two of us off at the Leaky Cauldron, where we were having lunch before going to James'. "In all honesty, it's more of a mansion," I said with a laugh. "So I'm assuming you've known him since before Hogwarts?" Ciara asked with interest. I shrugged. "We definitely knew each other. While I may not have been best friends with him, all the purebloods know each other, and because our parents weren't blood supremacists we were closer than most." "Do you really think him and Lily will end up together?" she asked as she took a sip of her butterbeer. "I'm not sure," I said with a shrug, "and while I don't really want to take a side, so to speak, I think James is a good guy, and that he deserves a chance. Trust me, after meeting some of these people, James really is decent." "I'm more worried about what she's going to do, to be honest," Ciara said. "Oh? How so?" "Well, she doesn't like him in that way, or she does and she's just not ready to admit it. Either way, I think if she's not careful, she may say or do something really mean and hurtful that she can't take back." "I know what you mean," I said with a nod, "if she's not careful she may say something she regrets. Do you think we should talk to her about it?" Ciara shook her head. "No, I don't think so. But I think we should keep an eye out, and just make sure she doesn't put her foot in it." I nodded. "Let's go! We have to meet with the others!" She shook her head at me. "You should not be that excited. This just means we're getting closer to school starting again." I laughed. "I never thought I'd hear you say that. I need to make sure I think about that with Kelsey around." She slapped my arm before I escaped into the fireplace. Sirius' Summer This summer was