Author's Note : I first posted this fic for the 2008 Legolas/Aragorn Fic-a-thon at the livejournal community. So you might recognize it. I've worked up the courage to post it again, here (and this time, no longer anonymously) in the hopes that you can all enjoy it, too. So it is that I humbly present my work. And as a side note, thank you so much to all those people who have already read this, and who said kind things about it! Warning : this fic focuses on a slash relationship (meaning two males). So if you do not like that, than please do not read. Thank you. Disclaimer : Lotr, and all characters, places, etc. associated with it are property of Tolkien. I wish they were mine, but they are not. . . . Aragorn was frustrated. The day had not begun well. He and Arwen had been arguing. As they had been for some time. They were petty skirmishes, trivialities. But they had been growing of late, in their frequency and intensity. It was unreasonable of him to ask of her what he had, he knew. The love between the King and Queen, - no matter that in its prime it had burned more ardently than the sun - had faded. As the ships on the Western shore, Arwen's heart had sailed. She had given him an heir, and owed him nothing more. Though she might care for him as a dutiful wife for a cherished husband, and though she regarded him with as much fondness as she would a dear friend, she would not lay with him. Which left him, as a man, particularly frustrated. Denied her caresses, there was no one who could relieve him. And here was the source of their disagreement. For Arwen was not an inconsiderate Queen, and she understood the needs of men. More acutely, it seemed, than he understood, himself. So she had come to him one late afternoon with a proposition. "Make warm your bed with the heat of another," she had said, wise and composed, and fair. Yet he, to her calm suggestion, was filled with despair. He wanted no other, though he could not deny that his desire for her was no longer. Even as he saw others to be desirous, he restrained himself. His dreams, indeed had been haunted by a faceless creature, clear eyes, and strong voice. Alas! to love another would tarnish her image, for still he held her highly in his heart, despite the cooled embers of their erstwhile ardor. If she could not find comfort in the arms another, than neither would he, Aragorn insisted. To which she had smiled, touched by his loyalty, but more knowing than he. "I need no other," was her tender reply, eyes brimmed with truth. Elves did not have the same needs, after all, and though their passion was great, it was short-lived. It was a passing pleasure, though one much celebrated. Once their children were born, there was no more need of it; their love was much more profound than a physical act. So the physical act was inessential. And, she had reminded him, glowing with pride, that she had Eldarion. What more in all of Middle-Earth could she ask for than a sweet child onto whom she might shower her affection? How could she be unhappy when she had a son to raise? So, she urged him, he should find a lover, and have no shame in doing so. There was not one woman, she told him, in all the land, who would not gladly have him. There were high ladies and virtuous maids, respected and beautiful, within the white walls, who spoke openly of their admiration for him. Surely he could find one to love. Even, she informed him, he had gotten secret proposals, and just the other day she had heard that there were bets placed - though she would not reveal on who or by whom - as to which proposal he would accept. Yet he could not bring himself to do it. Even with her permission, even with her approval, and even with her hopefulness, he could not. Besides, it was not their rubicund faces that haunted his dreams. That is why the two had begun to argue. Because the neglect of his physical needs was beginning to manifest itself in his behavior. The stress of his position was wearing on him, and without any outlet, any corporeal nourishment, he was becoming irritable. In his dealings in the court, when once he was patient he was becoming curt and cold. Arwen was not the only one to notice. Aragorn's advisors, too, showed concern for the erosion of their Lord's temperament. The King sighed. He had left the Evenstar too heatedly. At the last moment, he had stopped himself from any words uncouth, and for that he was relieved. She did not deserve the venom of his tongue. She was his trusted confidante, honest and true. A familiar face in a sea of less sympathetic ones. All she had meant to do was help him. Even if her help insulted him, trying to find him a lover. Now, however, hot with argument, rifted by indecision, he huffed down the halls of the citadel, a storm of moodiness and guilt. Noblemen and advisors, servants and soldiers, they avoided him indiscreetly. When he was angry, none but the lofty Queen herself were bold enough to face him. Even the rosy-cheeked infant, Eldarion, was known to cry, seeing his father in so distrait a state. He passed Faramir and a gaggle of his loyal men, gathered round a pillar. They were discussing something, with much fervor, collecting coins, and making marks on a crinkled parchment. Aragorn could only guess that it was on the upcoming archery tournament that they were so frenziedly arguing their wagers. Faintly, he heard the name of an Elven archer, known for his skill and accuracy, as it was thrown about to a hubbub of discord at its mention. But they all became silent as he rounded the corner. Which only served to intensify Aragorn's cross mood. He continued heatedly on his way. As the gloomy King paced the parapets and prowled the passageways, he spied a lone steed rounding the winding city streets, with two riders. A gleam of bright hair, a flash of sharp, shimmering eyes, the wiry frame of an archer. Behind him the rounded helm, the sturdy build, the broad shoulders and bearded chin of an axe-man. For a fleeting second, his heart fluttered. Then his brooding brow down-turned once more, falling into the all too deepened groove. They were late, he remembered. Their missive he had received some days past. It had promised a swift arrival, upon the thoughtful request of the Queen. It had been written in a friend's hand, and dated with the day of their departure. His lips slipped into a frown. He had missed their cheerfulness greatly, and though he knew that they were strong and brave and could aptly defend themselves, he still worried of the perils they might encounter. Perhaps something had happened to slow their journey? Perhaps something grave? Orcs, outlaws, bandits? There were many dangers, still, plaguing Middle-Earth, and the shadowy places of the realm. Beyond his borders he could guarantee no safe passage, and these two travelers were wanton pursuers of the far reaches of his lands and past. As he watched the lanky steed's progress, he imagined that its powerful strides were not long and swift, but slow and arduous. On its speckled flanks he imagined he saw flecks of red, and not the dappled brown of a glossy coat. And the elegant curve of the archer's straight back he envisioned slumped, the solid stance of the short one unsteady. He made for the stairs, rushing down them in bounds. He saw the pair dismount. His heart was jumping into his throat. He called to the gates to open wide, and to the guardsmen to the aid of the approaching pair. The soldiers clamored into action, surprised by the presence of their King and by his demands. The colossal gates were slowly swung open, with screeching complaint on their great hinges. In front of them stood two wide-eyed, weary, yet completely wholesome travelers. Their horse stamped its feet, having been startled by the loud moan of the gates. The archer ran his long hands down its muzzle, murmuring soft words of comfort. It calmed quickly under his touch. "Goodness, that was unexpected!" grumbled the short one, gruff and glaring, suspicious and alarmed. "Not a decent welcome at all. I do not blame the beast for starting." "Well, Gimli, you cannot help yourself." The collecting soldiers began to whisper, their chatter growing louder. The King pushed through their throngs, and stopped abruptly in front of the two newcomers. He grasped the taller one by the shoulders, leaning over him and checking him from head to foot. The object of his inspections remained still, bemused; concern ghosted his fair features. Aragorn stood straight again, hands resting on either stalwart shoulder. "You are unhurt!" The fair one blinked. His stout companion guffawed. Then from the beard-covered throat rose a rolling, rough, rich laughter. He slapped a thigh. The taller one's lips curved downwards, and upwards again, wavering between a frown and a grin. "Priceless!" spluttered the stout one with laughter again, pulling off his helm, tears in his crinkling eyes. "You hear that, Legolas? He is surprised that you are unhurt. Oh ho ho, Aragorn, you have outdone yourself." "So have you, Gimli" shot the bewildered Legolas at his robust friend. Gimli only laughed louder. Turning back to Aragorn, Legolas bowed. On his face he wore a good-natured brightness. Beneath it was scarcely masked the traces of uneasiness. This was not a creature incapable of humor at his own expense, but the King's fretful manner of approach had been all too convincing for jest. Having been the recipient of that fretfulness, he was even less confident that it was an act. Although, he thought passively, if it had been an act, by the sea and the stars it had been a good one, definitely deserving of Gimli's applaud. "Aye, I am unhurt. My Lord, wherefore should I not be hale?" Aragorn narrowed his eyes at the Elf, as if he were collecting himself. Legolas was not blind to the fleeting wave of confusion that washed across the King's noble brow. In an instant it was gone. Hidden away. "Wherefore not?" Scoffed the Dwarf. Legolas flashed a glare. "Do not turn those steely pools on me, my friend." Gimli shook a finger. "You have been royally duped." Legolas could not help but crack a smile. When he looked back at the onetime ranger, he could find no remnants of confusion. Aragorn was stealthy. Mayhap that was all it was. If so, then Gimli was right; he had been duped. Aragorn shook his head. Legolas was unhurt. Gimli was unhurt. He had imagined it all. It had been too vivid, the scene his mind had so deceitfully woven. His foul mood had spun a fouler vision. Perhaps this ordeal with Arwen was effecting him more deeply than he knew. His thoughts were in turmoil. It had taken his concern for his friends and morphed it into something dreadful. Such was the power of a mind distraught. He knitted his brow. "In so grim a city, a chance for good cheer makes a jester of e'en the sternest kings," smiled Legolas, placing a hand over Aragorn's and thinking that he had let down the man by not participating in his joke. "Well met, my Lord." Aragorn laughed, too tensely, pressing their foreheads close in a comrade's embrace. "So it seems," he rubbed his neck self-consciously. He could feel Legolas' keen eyes upon him. "Well met." They pulled apart. In the sunlight, Legolas' face was undeniably resplendent. Warm skin and softly flushed cheeks.