A/N : Although this is in many ways a short sequel to my other writing, it can certainly be read independent of that. It is slash writing in nature (Aragorn/Legolas), yet you might for the most part read it as close friendship if you prefer (so please to do not complain if you do not prefer this, as you have been warned). Thank you for reading! I'd love to know what you thought of it. Enjoy! Disclaimer : All characters, places, etc. pertaining to Lord of the Rings belong solely to J.R.R. Tolkien. ---- It was the last night of spring. Legolas stood upon the deck of his ship, quiet and subdued. He watched, far above him, the stars which never failed to hold his gaze. The night was cool. There seemed to be no other sound in the world than the smooth lap of waves against the hull and the flutter of the sail against the breeze. He breathed deeply the sea scented air, yet within him flourished the memory of rich earth, and the age and intimacy of the forest; the smell of the wood beneath his palms, that carried him now from his home. His eyes were set to the horizon, and the great expanse before him, which stretched out beyond his sight in an endless field of dark blue. At the limits of his vision he thought there shown a crystalline gleam – that of a distant shore. "Well, my dear friend," said a voice. "What do your keen eyes see? And what have you heard from the stars, as I know that you look to them." "So you have found me," said Legolas, turning with pleasure to face the other. His companion nodded. It was Gimli the Dwarf. "You are not hard to find." The Elf nodded. "That is true." They stood side by side facing out across the sea. The moon was clear in her abode, and shimmered in the watery mirror below. "So," said Gimli, "how fares Legolas of Greenwood, stargazer and crafter of ships?" Legolas smiled fondly at the question. "How do I fare, Master Dwarf?" he said, with some amusement. "You are falling short in your jests, friend. The answer to your question is 'seafarer', no?" "Ah, one cannot at all times be at the spar, unless it be maritime," Gimli grumbled, and Legolas chuckled at this. From a pocket, Gimli withdrew his pipe which he lit with care, shielding it at first from the swift sea air. "But I wonder, truly, what is on your mind?" "All is well, my friend." Gimli eyed the Elf doubtfully, knowing that he had received no answer. The two fell into comfortable silence. The breeze picked up, and it sent a shiver down Gimli's spine. He crossed his arms across his chest to stay off the cold. "You should not catch a chill, Gimli. You should rest." The Dwarf scoffed. "It will take more than a nighttime breeze to chill me," said Gimli. "Elves are not the only creatures who like to ponder the stars. Save that we dwarves know that this is best done in pairs." Legolas sighed, and Gimli observed this with concern; it was a habit which his companion had adopted with increasing frequency. And always it was a sigh of hidden sorrow, and perhaps burden, which seemed unnatural in an Elf of Greenwood the Great whose folk were merry and lighthearted, unbound by the stoicism of their kin. It was thus that the old Dwarf confirmed his suspicions. Despite his company, Legolas was lonely. And Gimli was certain that he knew why. "Gimli, why are you awake? Truly, you should be resting." The Dwarf snorted. "The air is fresher up here," he said as he rubbed his knees. "Though a seat would be an ease on these old bones." Legolas thought for a moment, then hurried below deck. There was a sound of scuffling, and then up from the stairs he came, lugging with him a large chair. It was carved of hard wood, with two arms that curved into the sleeping snouts of dragons. On its back there were mountains, and its feet were the paws of bears. This was Gimli's chair. "I am afraid, Gimli, that I am not up for our usual nocturnal discourses. I am not much for conversation tonight," said Legolas as he set down the chair, and as Gimli slowly lowered himself into it. A thin waft of smoke from Gimli's pipe ghosted into the air as he puffed, nodding slightly at the statement. "That is no matter, Legolas. For tonight it is my turn to tell a tale, I believe. And I have one that I have long saved. You need only listen." Legolas sighed again and settled himself on the ship's rail. There would be no dissuading Gimli. "The story goes like this: there was once a man. . ." ---- It was the year 1491 of the Fourth Age, by the Shire reckoning, on the morning of the twentieth of February. The King Elessar awoke early that day and found, much to his surprise, that for the first time in his memory he had nothing to do. This he thought to be exceedingly peculiar, for a King is never lacking duties. He dressed and sought out his advisers, certain that there was some mistake. "No, my Lord. I do not know how it has happened, but you have gotten ahead on your paperwork. There are no court meetings being held today, and the Lord Eldarion has ridden out to Ithilien for the week. The Lady Arwen has gone with your daughters on retreat. It seems altogether that you have the day free." Aragorn rubbed his chin. "It does seem that way." He scratched his head. "But surely. . ." "Nay, your Majesty, there is absolutely nothing scheduled. Enjoy the respite!" said the adviser merrily, rolling up his parchment and tucking it beneath his arm. He left with a bow, and the King remained in his chair, feeling rather abandoned. A servant entered shortly with a tray of breakfast. "What does one do," pondered the King, "when there is nothing one must do?" The servant set the tray on the table, and if he was surprised to be addressed, much more at the question. "Well, my Lord, you might take a stroll, or read a book. . ." Aragorn rested his chin in his palm. Idleness did not suit him. It had been many years since he had a day to himself, to roam and to wander. He thought of tumbling hills, with tall and growing forests, and the paths that traced such lands. He knew that the one who could best relieve his boredom strode there, and he could not be with him. He sighed heavily. "Perhaps. . ." said the King. The servant closed the door behind him. He ate his breakfast dolefully, and afterward headed to the library. By mid morning, he had tired of his book, taken a long stroll about the citadel, found many corridors hitherto unknown to him, briefly become lost, and at last entered into a heated conversation with a gardener who insisted upon weeding the courtyards of the noble Kingsfoil. At first, his wandering was observed with good humor. It caused no harm, and many welcomed the chance to converse with their King. But soon it had gone on quite long enough. The unexpected arrival of Gimli the Dwarf was therefore welcomed with intense relief. "Thank goodness," exclaimed the gatekeeper, to whom Aragorn had twice inquired as to the comings and goings of the City. "His Majesty is quite insufferable, when he has naught to do. Indeed, he is rather mopey!" When Gimli found the King Elessar, he was in fact attempting to correct the form of an experienced bowman. The man was suffering the instruction as best he could, but it was clear that his patient disposition could not last. "You see," he heard Aragorn say, "it is best to do it this way, otherwise. . ." "My Lord and friend, let us leave the soldier be." The King turned in surprise. Meanwhile the soldier recovered his bow, and made a hasty escape. "Master Gimli. What are you doing here? I thought that you had business in Dale." "I have been called back, to relieve your servants of you," laughed Gimli. Aragorn smiled in good-nature. "It has been long since I had a day free. I do not know what to do with myself, it seems." The two embraced briefly. In truth, Aragorn had never been more grateful to see the Dwarf's bearded face. "Fear not, for though I jest, I came in fact of my own accord to visit with you. It would appear that I could not have chosen a better time for my arrival. I do not come from Dale, but I bring much news from the Glittering Caves, and some from a dear friend. And I also bring a surprise." The two found a seat on a stone bench. It was perched on a balcony which overlooked the empty square below. There were few about at this hour. The weather was cool, but the sky remained bright. From his pocket, Gimli removed his pipe, and a small pouch. It was filled with pipeweed – not any pipeweed, but the revered Longbottom leaf. "Now where did you get this?" "From the Shire, where else? Of course, I did not go there myself, but my people still go that way now and again, especially from under the mountain. I thought that you might enjoy it." "You thought rightly, Master Dwarf." Together they lighted their pipes, and sat and puffed smoke rings in the morning sun. But as they did so, it was inevitable that they were reminded of their dear friends, Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took, who had only a few years ago passed away. Their last years had been spent in Gondor, and the smoke of pipeweed had frequented their happy abode. It was not so any more. Though their deaths had been peaceful, the loss of the Halflings had been a matter of deep sorrow for those that remained. "We are growing old," said Aragorn nostalgically. It did not seem to him to be so long past that they had all laughed together. Yet when he looked upon Gimli's face, it was worn, with many lines. Through his beard there ran streaks of silver and gray. When he looked down at his own hands, they too were becoming changed with age. Even he, blessed with long life, was not immune to the aches of his years. "We are the last, the Three Walkers." "Aye," said Gimli, with sad and heavy eyes, watching the smoke from his pipe lift and drift away. "Yet we are lacking our third." Aragorn nodded somberly. "He is with his kin, in Ithilien, as he has been since late December." A look of melancholy crossed the onetime ranger's features. "I would go with him, but I must remain here. He does not like to stay cooped, and I cannot begrudge him this. Still, it will lighten my heart to have him return. My son will bring word from him, I suppose." Gimli sniffed. "You need not wait for word of him from your son. I have seen him." "You have seen him?" asked Aragorn, with concern. "When? And how does he fare? He has written scarcely." The Dwarf tapped his pipe on his lip, and ran his fingers over his thick beard. "To be frank, Aragorn, he is not well." The King turned to Gimli with grief. "What has befallen him? Surely not illness." "It is an illness of the heart, I think. . ." Gimli paused as he could sense the King's distress. "But I will tell you from the start. I traveled to Ithilien to see him, for it had been a year to that day since we had spoken. I have been