I actually meant to publish this at the beginning of December, but so much happened last month and I didn't get around to it. But it's still technically the holiday season so I bring you a cute Christmas two-shot, which is part of my Sirius, raises Harry series. I hope you all enjoy this first part and that you had a wonderful Christmas! Disclaimer: Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter; it all belongs to the wonderful J.K. Rowling. UNCONDITIONALLY A VERY MARAUDER CHRISTMAS: PART ONE December 23 rd 1981 Winter had arrived gently that year, the first few days passing with its typical icy chill but with only a soft breeze blowing through the lifeless landscape. It had rendered the world somewhat dull and monotonous, and the streets and forests were ugly in their bareness. But the week before Christmas a beautiful transformation occurred in which thick layers of pure white snow suddenly covered the once grey streets and dead grass. It was just the distraction Sirius Black needed to take his mind off the horror and pain he had experienced almost two months ago. Hence why he and his godson had spent practically every day that week ensconced in thick layers of clothing and playing in the snow. "WHEE!" Sirius zoomed around the backyard with Harry high in the air, as fast as his increasingly fatigued legs could push them through the white terrain. The toddler giggled and held his arms out as though he was flying. His plump cheeks were flushed pink from the cold and dimpled from his delighted smile, but his bright green eyes were scanning their surroundings intently for his desired toy. Upon realising that his godson had a knack for spotting obscure things (like the scissors Sirius had thought he'd stowed safely out of sight, but which Harry had nonetheless found stashed at the back of a slightly ajar drawer and had deftly snatched before his godfather realised), the animagus had decided to harness the obvious talent he possessed to one day be a seeker and had fashioned a makeshift snitch out of an old ball, which he enchanted to hover within reach. It may not have been as quick as a real snitch, but it was enough to earn Harry's focus. "And Potter spots the snitch and is off in a flash. The crowd waits with bated breath as he pulls the most dangerous move of all; the Wronski Feint!" Sirius tilted Harry into an incredibly steep angle and was grateful that Remus wasn't there to witness the scene. The werewolf – whom Sirius complained was like an overprotective mother wolf - was constantly warning the animagus that he wasn't cautious enough when he played with Harry. Harry immediately snatched the snitch in his chubby hand. "AND THE CROWD GOES WILD!" shouted Sirius excitedly. The animagus beamed at Harry and twirled them around in circles, holding Harry well above his head. "Harry Potter; the world's youngest seeker has caught the snitch! England wins! Hooray" "HOO-AY!" yelled Harry proudly, shaking the snitch in his small fist. Sirius smiled fondly at the little face above his. The toddler had always loved it when his godfather carried him, even more so than when James did. No doubt Sirius's height was a novelty. The smile faded from the animagus's face at the thought of his best friend and he forcibly shoved aside the image of James's grave at Godric's Hollow. It had been bad enough staring down at the snow covered headstone that stood atop the lifeless body of his best friend and his wife, he didn't need to keep replaying it over and over again. It was his first Christmas as Harry's guardian and he was going to do his best to make fond memories of it without any disasters. Speaking of which...Sirius's eyes widened in sudden realisation and he bolted inside the house, Harry nestled on his hip. The ominous smell of something burning filled his nose as he skidded to a halt inside the kitchen and for the second time in a mere five minutes he was thankful Remus was not there to witness this moment. Sirius hastily put Harry on the ground out of harms way and launched at the smoking oven. Once he had managed to put out the flames he pulled the victims of his culinary ineptitude from inside the door; a tray of burned Christmas cookies. The animagus hissed in pain as he scalded his hand on the extremely hot pan and he threw it across the bench. "Shi-oooot!" He hastily corrected himself when Harry's head whipped in his direction. The toddler burst into a fit of giggles at the sight of his godfather dancing around the kitchen, and he pointed gleefully at the injured man. "Stoopid!" Sirius gaped at his godson. "You talking to me?" Harry nodded enthusiastically. "Stoopid!" "Says who?" demanded Sirius in mock indignation. "Me!" answered the toddler cheekily, jabbing his tiny thumb at his own chest. Sirius raised an eyebrow and folded his arms. "Is that right? And who are you ?" "The man...the...miff!" proclaimed Harry, holding his chubby arms in the air proudly and grinning in a manner very much akin to his godfather. The animagus snorted with laughter and gathered his still giggling godson in his arms. Harry had overheard him reminding Remus that his physical prowess and blindingly good looks had earned him the reputation as "Sirius Black; the Man, the Myth" at Hogwarts, and since then the toddler had been proclaiming that he was too (even though he hadn't the slightest idea what it even meant). "You're not a man, Pronglet. You haven't even got chest hair! And don't get any ideas," he warned hastily. Only a week ago Harry had thrown a very loud tantrum when faced with the prospect of his nightly bath, and the result had been a tiny fistful of hair being ripped out of Sirius's chest. The last thing his godson needed was inspiration. "Now, since my apparent stupidity is of great amusement to you, please eat your lunch whilst I clean this mess up." Sirius eyed the burned cookies distastefully, grimaced then threw them in the bin. "Do me a favour and don't tell Remus, OK? You understand, Pronglet? Do NOT tell Remus !" Harry nodded, his eyes wide with what strangers would believe to be innocence. Sirius – knowing his godson all too well – wasn't wholly convinced by the bright green eyes sighed and placed Harry in his high chair. Seventeen-months-old and the kid was already far too devious and intelligent for his own good. "I'm cautiously optimistic. Don't let me down. Now how about some lunch then?" Harry shook his head decidedly. "No." "Yes," nodded Sirius as though he hadn't heard his godson. They'd been having this same argument for the past two weeks after Harry had tasted strawberry pudding for the first time. Now the toddler wanted to eat nothing but sugar for every meal and often pushed his plate of mashed potato and roast chicken off his high chair tray. Sirius – who was still learning that he needed to be the firm guardian and not a bad influence as he had originally intending to be – was becoming more adept at dealing with Harry's tantrums and at standing his ground. The animagus bustled around the kitchen, tripping over some of Harry's toys and realising with a grimace that he was still wearing the apron he had donned when preparing the cookies – what on earth had possessed him to buy one? ' That pretty blonde woman with whom you were looking for some excuse to talk to,' reminded a voice in his head. Sirius smiled ruefully. He didn't know why he had bothered; dating (or rather meaningless and very brief encounters with the opposite sex) seemed like part of a past life now, and he couldn't imagine ever going back now, or even wanting to. When all was said and done, trying to get a screaming toddler to eat his meals and dealing with unpleasant moments (like whether it was a meatball or something else floating in the water during Harry's his second week home), meant more to him than any of his youthful trysts. The animagus placed the toddler's meal before him. "There you go. Bon appetit! Argh!" Sirius dodged a spoonful of mushed peas that Harry had flung at him. He looked over his shoulder to find the peas splattered against the wall. "No!" Sirius waggled his finger at the toddler. "You do not throw your food at the wall. Now you eat that food." "No!" repeated Harry obstinately. "It's yummy, Pronglet. Look, see? Yum, yum!" Sirius took Harry's spoon, dunked it in the peas and swallowed a large mouthful. He eyed the now clean utensil in mild surprise. "You know that's actually not bad, Pronglet. If you don't want it, I just might eat the whole thing. How about that huh?" Harry merely shrugged carelessly, pushed the plate towards his godfather and folded his arms, looking into Sirius's grey eyes defiantly. The animagus also folded his arms and regarded the sullen toddler sternly. "I'm sorry, mate, but it's either this or those crumbled up trash cookies." When Harry stuck his tongue out at him, Sirius groaned in exasperation. "What do you want then? You want me to pull a three-course-meal out of my a-, I mean out of thin air? I've got nothing else, Pronglet. You may be a myth but you're also a man without any other options. So what's it going to be?" The standoff continued for a few seconds before Harry finally admitted defeat and accepted the fact that he wasn't getting anything else. Sirius sighed in relief and ruffled the young boy's hair. "Atta boy! You've gotta eat those greens so you get big and strong, like me!" Sirius flexed his bicep for effect and chuckled when Harry copied him. He suddenly wondered what James would say if he could see him at that moment; donned in an apron, attempting to bake Christmas cookies and not only cajoling a toddler into eating his lunch but also enjoying the baby food too. No one from school would have ever imagined Sirius Black – Hogwarts lothario and the most immature guy in the place – doing such things. Well no one except Lily, James and Remus, who had always known that there was a softer side to the seemingly arrogant exterior. There was a loud crack from the living room, followed by his best friend entering the kitchen. Remus smiled wanly at the animagus, his blue eyes still slightly bloodshot from the full moon a few days prior. "Well here's a sight I'd never thought I'd see; Sirius Black in an apron!" "Ha ha," said Sirius sarcastically. He yanked the frilly material from his waist and slammed it on the counter. "You try keeping yourself clean when you're cooking AND tripping over Harry's toy blocks." Remus's mouth twitched. "You cooked? And how did that experiment go?" Sirius quickly glanced at his godson. The toddler watched him through inscrutable green eyes for a moment before resuming jabbing at his peas, this time with the same enthusiasm he had for when he was digging in his sandpit. The animagus scoffed at himself for thinking that a mere toddler would deliberately betray him and arranged a smug smile on his face. "Perfectly if you must know. In fact, they were the best cookies I have ever eaten in my life!" "Then I'm sure you won't mind if I sample one?" questioned the werewolf lightly. The smug smile on Sirius's face slipped for a moment and Remus could practically see the animagus's brain working quickly to formulate a response to his query. "I...uh...we ate them all," Sirius finally answered. "Here!" A happy voice proclaimed from the ground. The two men looked down to find Harry had somehow managed to get out of his high chair, rummaged through the