. 1. NIGHTMARE A person lay there in the forest, with her bloody face covered in scars and bruises. Her clothes were filthy, her brown hair was tangled in knots, and her family lay beside her weeping and weeping. As I walked closer and closer to the person I saw some recognizable features. I recoiled back in shock as I saw that the person who lay there, dead,… was me. "AAH!" I shrieked, throwing my blanket onto the floor. I instantly calmed myself down telling myself it was only a dream. It was only a dream. "Br-" I heard a baby voice say. I jumped hearing it. Wow I was very jumpy today. I looked around my room and then sighed. "Lily? Have you come into my room again?" I heard a little giggle as Lily got up, from behind the blanket, in a beautiful fashion. I wondered how an 18-month-old baby could be so graceful. Her full name was lily-rose but I preferred to call her 'lily' or sometimes 'Lil'. She walked over to me carefully and then fell into my arms. I picked her up and gave her a cuddle in my bed. "how many times do I have to tell you my name is Brie." She smiled and said 'Br-' again. I gave her a little tickle and she giggled again and rolled around on my bed. I tickled her more before noticing that she was sucking her hand. I was grateful that she did that. It was a sign that she was very sleepy, though often she wouldn't want to go to sleep. I shuffled along to the end of my bed and pulled her along with me. "Come on. I know its not very comfortable sleeping with parents who are snoring away loudly. You come sleep with me." She nestled into my chest and started closing her eyes as I wound my arms around her. I looked at Lily closely. I looked at her eyes and how, even when they were closed, they still looked beautiful. I looked at her cheeks that were as red as roses which complimented her pale white face beautifully. Finally I looked at her tiny pink lips which were shaped into a heart and I remembered the first time, when she was 14 months old, when she gave me her first kiss. I realised that, although I always knew she had the beauty of the two flowers she was named after, I had never looked at her this closely and seen how perfect her features were. At that moment I had yawned and I realised that I was feeling quite sleepy too. But that horrifying image of me was what kept me awake. "Oh for goodness sake Brie! Did you have to go disturb your sister?" Mum shouted waking me up. So I had eventually gone to sleep then. I slowly sat up, carefully untangled myself from Lily and hissed," Mum!" She looked at me sharply. "What? Look it's seven thirty and you have work to do. I don't want Lily interrupting you and stopping you from going to work and following our footsteps." She pulled my blanket away from me. "now hurry up and get dressed to go into the shop." I waited until she left my room to start groaning. Once I had dressed, I gently woke Lily up because I knew it was time for her breakfast. As usual while mum stood in the shop, waiting for me, I made breakfast and fed Lily. "One little spoonful of porridge" I said as I put it a tiny bit in her mouth. "And another little spoonful of porridge." I said putting another tiny bit in her mouth. This was the only way to make eating food entertaining for her, by singing the words and doing little actions. She clapped her hands and laughed wanting more. "Ok then." I chuckled and I repeated the whole thing again and again until she'd finished everything in her bowl. "Finally now you come!" Mum groaned as I walked into the shop. "Sorry." I said. "I was feeding Lily" "Urgh. How many times do I have to tell you? I decide when to feed her and I can feed her myself. You just focus on your job." I sighed and go to behind the till in my place while mum continued talking. "Right Dad's gone to buy things for the shop so you'll have to stay for a little longer. Don't make that face! Its all good practice." Then she walked off leaving me on my own in a small old shop. I started knocking my knuckles on the metal surface and started humming a little tune. I realized, as usual, I would be standing here a long while. I watched as a bunch of girls walked past the shop, chatting about school work, and I envied them. It wasn't me that chose to stop school at the end of year 9 and work in my parents shop. Oh no. it was my parents. I remembered being vaguely excited about doing gym because there were new equipment coming, some including handle bars and hoops to swing on. When I got home my parents pulled me aside and told me they had some exciting news for me. I wondered what they both looked so happy about. They told me that because I was fourteen I was allowed to quit school and start working. My mum had a huge smile on her face as she said "And we've decided that you will be the one to carry on our business when eventually we're too old to." I just stared at them, speechless. Then my dad spoke. "We know how much you wanted to be a part of our business so from now on you can train to work in the shop. We'll teach you." There were so many thing running through my head like why should I start working at fourteen, why did I have to stop school, and why was my freedom being… taken away from me. I wanted to say no, I wanted to tell them how much school meant to me but most of all I wanted to tell them that I wasn't interested in the family business and that business was not what I wanted to do in the future. But I couldn't. My parents were so happy that day and I knew if I said no I would disappoint them… and I didn't want to do that. I was only angry at whoever changed the rules and had made me start working. I sighed as more and more girls and boys walked past, groaning, laughing, shouting. As the day went by I only got a few breaks and those breaks I used to see Lily. Every time I walked into her bedroom or into the living room she looks like the happiest person ever but every time I have to go it's painful hearing her cry for me. "Brie!" Mum called while I was eating dinner, which was carrot and leak soup with a piece of bread. I wondered if I'd ever be able to eat dinner in peace without mum or dad calling me. I put my spoon down and was grateful that Lily was asleep as I walked down to the shop to mum. I noticed she was holding a letter in her hands. When I approached her she handed it to me. "Here read it." She said. "It's for you." Just as I was reading the beginning sentence which read 'Dear madam/sir' mum stopped me and began telling me about it herself. "It says that ALL boys and girls between the age of thirteen and seventeen, who live in Dale, must come to this government 'meeting'" Dale was the county that we lived in. off course just like other county's Dale was split into towns and we lived in the town of Linkon. "What?" I asked, wondering why. "It's a government order so we cant ignore it. I'm afraid you'll have to go. Hmm…" She thought for a second. "I expect that all your classmates will be there too. " Finally! I thought. Finally a chance to fit in and be a part of something. A chance to be included. I hated being outside the circle and missing out on so many things but at the same time I hated all of my classmates too. " There's also a train ticket." Mum showed me the slip of paper. "You're on cabin C. That's all it really says. You'll have to go alone. There's only one ticket." I had taken the train many times before so that wasn't a problem but what I was really worried about was why I had to go alone. And why they hadn't bothered to give us any information other than what was on the letter. I was going to ask all the questions I had in my head to mum but I knew she wouldn't have a clue so I left it. "Wear good clothes because the government may be there and as soon as your done with this meeting come straight back, ok. Don't start chatting to people from your school and gossiping." "But why me. We're only children." Mum put on her serious voice."You're not anymore. You're turning into a young lady now and you'll need to be a bit more independent. Ok." I was independent. I was independent enough to take care of my own needs and also take care of Lily's needs when mum wasn't around. But I knew it wasn't worth arguing with mum so I just answered with a "Yes mum." Then I asked. when is it ?" Mum peered at the letter again. "You have to be there by... eight-thirty a.m this Friday. So in four days time." The next three days were almost exactly the same as the day before. Nothing had changed much. The night before Friday, after I put Lily to sleep while mum was checking all the bills, I was folding my best shirt and jeans onto my bed. I chose to wear my sturdy boots because they were the most cleanest out of all my other shoes. As I lay on my bed I started to feel nervous for the first time, wondering what was going to happen at this little 'meeting'. But soon I started to feel my eyelids getting heavy and I knew it wouldn't be long before I fell unconscious. To my terror I had the same dream with the horrifying image. It was 5:30 when mum woke me up and I gasped again as I tried to recover from the dream. Mum told me that the train trip takes 3 hours. She'd been talking to some of my classmates mums and asking them about the 'meeting' but they didn't know anything about it either. They didn't even know where it was being held so they were going to use the train ticket as well. Mum referred to them as my 'friends' but none of them were my friends. None of them wanted to include me at school so I was mostly stuck wondering on my own in the playgrounds. Some of them were nice enough to smile and talk but they still didn't want to include me as I joined halfway through year 8. I barely answered back when someone talked to me and asked me questions. I never talked much. There was only one person who I talked to properly but all of that disappeared soon after. I was more nervous now as today was the day. I was wondering why because I didnt even know why I was going to this place. Maybe it is just a little meeting for teenagers, I thought. But something told me there was more. 2. JOURNEY Thank goodness Lily was still asleep otherwise it would have been hard to make a quick getaway. I kissed her on the