For Tanwyn She was a favourite among her clients, namely for her easy going nature. She certainly wasn't beautiful, pretty yes, but it was a sweet, gentle prettiness; she wasn't striking or beautiful as some of the women were. The men sought her bed more than others because she offered her humour and chattiness with it, not petty women's gossip, but a warmth that few could resist. So Boromir found himself not heading for the Citadel, cold and unforgiving, but in Madam Thraingill's board house. A blazing fire burning in the grate, a hot plate of dinner before him, while she fussed about the cut of his hair and his general upkeep. Madam Thraingill was good like that, she ensured her clientele were decent folk and her cooking was a good deal better than some of the cheaper taverns. While he none too secretly hoped that a certain whore wouldn't mind sharing her bed. "Your brother not here tonight?" she asked. "Nay, he is kept in Ithilien." Thraingill gave him a look, "You have seen your father?" Boromir smiled, Thraingill was fond of Faramir, though he did not visit the brothel very often. Thraingill knew better than most how the youngest son of Denethor was treated and it was fortunate she kept her mouth shut. "Yes, I have seen my father and then he sent me on my way." "He sends you back to Osgilith?" "No I am to stay in the city with the Guards and fortify our defences; I review the new recruits tomorrow." Thraingill nodded, tidied his plate away and then grumbled about the war mongering of men, Boromir hid a smile and finished his ale. She came back out of the kitchen. "If you are hoping to sleep with Tanwyn tonight she has already gone to bed and her shift is over." "There must be some leeway for the Captain of the White Tower?" Boromir grinned roguishly at the old woman, who crossed her arms and raised an eyebrow. "You know my rules with my girls." "Can I ask her?" Boromir said. "Ask away, by all means. But if she does not want you there, then I shan't be one to force her and neither shall you." Boromir nodded his head and then got up, Madam Thraingill pulled the bolt across the door, extinguished most of the candles and picked one up to take with them. She began to climb the stairs, Boromir following. She gave a yawn. "I may go to bed as well, tis far too late for these old bones." Boromir chuckled as they climbed the darkened stairway, the old lady suddenly turned to him and he had to quickly jump back, for fear of knocking into her. "Now look here, Boromir. I appreciate your custom, as does anyone, but you've seen nine and thirty summers, it is high time a man like you stopped visiting brothels and started searching for a wife. You'd make a good father, I can tell…it's always the same with men, you just know whether they'll be good fathers or whether they'll be entirely useless." Boromir was mildly surprised at the woman's sudden change in topic, but he smiled nevertheless. "I appreciate your advice, Madam Thraingill, but it would be cruel to have a wife and children and be separated from them for so long. My father would not care for their wellbeing and happiness, he cares only for the wellbeing of Gondor and I am glad to sacrifice my marital bliss for that." Madam Thraingill continued up the stairs and along the hall, muttering all the while about wasted life and youth, the happiness of a fair, goodly woman and the sweetness of children's laughter. Boromir smiled and rolled his eyes. Boromir felt faintly amused and relieved when they finally came to the third door and Thraingill knocked. There was an unrecognisable, muffled response and then a sound of feet hitting the wooden floorboards, walking to the door and finally opening it. Tanwyn looked out, a little bleary eyed; though as soon as she laid eyes on Boromir her dark grey eyes narrowed. She wore a thick, over robe and underneath a white, linen nightgown, the low V of the neckline cutting a soft line into her breasts. Boromir made no disguise in looking at her fine figure, the curves of her hips and shoulders shown through the fine material. Her chestnut colored hair tied back in a plait, soft strands of bronze glimmering in the candle light. Tanwyn gave a groan and she looked fiercely at Thraingill, "No. It's not my shift now, get Cyrith to do it." "And a fine evening to you too, Tanwyn." Boromir smiled. Tanwyn glowered at him, he knew it was risky to wake her up, in the morning she was no better. Tanwyn loved to sleep and though she was always merry in the afternoons and evenings, she detested the morning and detested it even more when someone woke her up during the night. "Look, if you wish it, I will ask no more than to sleep beside you. My bed in the Citadel at this time is very cold and very empty." Boromir said. Tanwyn made a 'Pfft' noise, "Ha, you could ask for any whore you please to arrive at the Citadel entirely naked, Steward-son!" "Tanwyn." Thraingill said warningly. "Boromir seeks only a little company." "He can get that from any whore." Tanwyn muttered furiously. "And yet I find myself at your door, with no desire for any old whore in my bed at the Citadel. I look for a woman who can warm my heart as well as my bed." Tanwyn frowned at the man, sighed, shook her head and then gave an amused smile. "Come on Boromir, oh charmer of women! I'm too tired to spend the night arguing with you." Thraingill gave them both a smile and bid them goodnight, going to her own bed, while Boromir followed the young woman into her room. Like most of the rooms in the brothel it was modestly furnished, though the bedspread was intricately designed and the fabric was a rich velvet. The four-poster bed, although unusual in the poorer areas, was not as grand as his own; yet it felt welcoming, the light red of the cover looked a good deal more cheery than the dark, near black-blue of his own bed. He stripped off his tunic and breeches, then the undershirt beneath and climbed naked into the warmed bed. Tanwyn took the outer robe off and placed it in her wardrobe. She eventually joined him, blowing out the candle on her bedside table, before lying down properly. He pulled her closer, pressing her heated body against his own. She seemed more placid now, calmer than when she had first opened the door, he chuckled slightly on remembering her angry expression. "What?" she murmured. "Just remembering how you looked when I showed up." Tanwyn snorted and then lay still for a while, Boromir deftly stroked her back, the nightgown feeling rough under his fingertips. "How goes the defence of Osgilith?" He made a non-committal noise, "Don't want to talk about it." "Very well." she settled more comfortably into him, placing her cheek on the crook of his shoulder. How nice it was to have someone who could accept an answer for what it was. Sometimes when he did not wish to speak of such things, people would badger on at him for hours at a time. The silence was idyllic. "Is your brother alright?" she asked. "Yes, well he was the last time I saw him and I pray he is well now, but Faramir is a good soldier…" "That's not what I meant." Her fingers stroked his left shoulder, towards his neck and then finally rested on his cheek. Boromir gave a sad sigh. "Father…is somewhat civilised to him, but not pleasant in anyway…not in the way a father should be." "Mmm." she agreed. "Your brother deserves more acknowledgement. He is a good soldier and leader, a good man in general." "Mmm." he agreed. He felt her shift in the bed and raise herself on her arms. In the darkness, with only a pale glow falling under the shutters, she found his lips and then lowered her head to kiss him. Her mouth was sweet and gentle on his and he eagerly sought her waist, so her could pressed himself closer to her. But after a few moments she pulled away and lay down with a breathy sigh. "What was that for?" he smirked. "In greeting." "I should bid you good day more often." Boromir said. "More like goodnight, Dorhirim was meant to be my last customer." Tanwyn gripped his arm a little, her warning for him. He found her other hand and squeezed it in response. "Oh surely, lady, I am more than a customer?" Tanwyn laughed softly and hit his chest, but she did not say anything more about it. "You're so lovely and warm." he muttered. "As are you, like a bloody furnace." she shifted the cover off a bit and then buried herself nearer to his chest. "It is cold tonight though." Boromir wrapped his arms tightly around her, feeling the firmness of her waist, lazily drawing his hand down to her buttocks and squeezing them within his hand. He vaguely fantasied about her riding him, her legs straddling his hips, those strong thighs pushing him onward, dark, rich hair hanging over her shoulder…Tanwyn laughed again, pulled his hand up from her buttocks and placed it assuredly on her back. "Perhaps in the morning, if I'm in a good mood. Goodnight, Boromir." she said. "Goodnight, Tanwyn." And he placed a kiss on her forehead, breathing in the scent of her hair. He was soon lulled to sleep by her gentle breathing, the comforting weight of her body…ah she was so warm and sweet. He caught a glance of her small smile before his eyes drifted close. Yet still he had the same dream of darkness, a whispering within the black clouds and a desperate hunt to find the stars once more; knowing they were lost forever and the darkness would tumble into his mind, pulling away every joy he once knew. Then he would step off the edge and fall down and down, not knowing when the fall would end or whether he would be alive by the end of it. And when he believed he saw something buried within the darkness, a glint, a shine of metal, he would jolt awake; panting, sweat trickling down his back, as though the dream was a nightmare, though it was merely strange and confusing. He shivered on seeing the grey light of dawn glow around the frames of the shutter and pulled the warm body closer to him, shifting the cover over her body and wrapping her tightly in his arms. She mumbled incoherently in sleep and her arms drifted around his shoulders, clasping him tighter. Their legs were entangled under the sheets and as she came nearer he felt his cock stiffen slightly when her thigh brushed up against him. Boromir smiled somewhat, 'Not yet.' he thought and fell back to sleep again. He awoke again to the pleasurable sensation of Tanwyn kissing his chest, her face rubbing against his fine chest hairs and she gave little mews of delight. He lazily pulled his hand through her hair, marvelling at the softness of that long strand and then pulled out the ribbon that held her plait in place. He ran his hand several times through her hair, gently massaging the base of her neck, till she rested on his shoulder and gave small kisses to his cheek. "Good, you didn't wake me up." she said. Boromir chuckled, he lifted up the nightgown and found his way to her back, the skin felt like silk and she gave a little sigh of pleasure as his rough, calloused hands rubbed her back. "So how is