Story about the Steward of Gondor and the Shieldmaiden of Rohan, original right? I always write love stories! Hate love stories though where boy meets girl, they fall in love within the week and get married a week later, come on, be realistic! As Eowyn says, I don't believe in love at first sight, but I do believe some people are meant to be together. So I basically hated Tolkein for what he did and Peter Jackman (saying that, the film was epic in the awesome category, but still! Faramir and Eowyn share one look and BAM, they're in love? NO! It just seems so unlike their characters.) Much of this is inspired by Heather Dale's music and songs, she's incredible, hence the reason why my piece is named after one of her songs (I can literally imagine Faramir saying that sort of thing to Eowyn). But in any case (Disclaimer): I own nothing of Tolkein's, Jackman's or Dale's work, all glory be upon them. I just took some overlooked characters, hummed Dale's songs throughout and wrote this. Enjoy! Sorry for ranting. Oh, reminds me. Yes this is nothing like Tolkein's work and yes Ewoyn is telling this story. Yes I have extended the time scale, see reason above. So if you don't like the sound of that, then don't read. I realise it's not within keeping of the chronological order of the book, so you'll just have to deal with it or not bother. Lots of love, Hannah. *Decided to update this, seeing as my stupid computer decided to spell Eowyn's name wrong and it bugged me. Going to be a few other small changes, but it is my oldest fanfic, the one with the most mistakes, so you'll have to forgive it. As I Am "Sister, I just think…" "I'd just go back and end up not doing anything, I like feeling useful here." "You could start a hospital there…" "Without training?" I ask. My brother sighs and grimaces, "Eowyn, just tell me this isn't for finding a man? I saw how you were with…" My glare silences him, "No brother, I am not husband hunting. I am here to cure and comfort the sick, to learn about herbs and medicine; they're going to need as much help as possible and I want to learn something useful, aside from sword play." He smiles softly at me and grasped my shoulder, "I'm just making sure you're not doing this just to be around Lord Aragorn, forgive a brother's safe guarding." I smile, "I forgive you, but I'm staying. It'll just be for a few months." He gives me a critical look, "How long is a few months, because I know it won't be two." "Well it can't be two, it takes a lot of training to learn herb lore…" "I intend to take my men home, so they can rest and be welcomed by their wives and children…" "I know…" I say. "How long then?" he grins. "Maybe seven months…?" "That makes your stay a whole year!" "Look I may come back sooner, but I don't want to go back just yet…It'll remind me too much of our Uncle." Éomer stopped speaking and looked grim, he embraced me. "I can't come back yet." I whisper, "Otherwise the pain will never go away." "Brave little sister." he says, and then gives me a calculating look, "Very well, you have my blessing." I smile and hug him gladly. I watch them leave Gondor; I shall miss my brother certainly and the battlefield outside Gondor means I will never forget what had happened there, but going home meant seeing the place where for some months I had my Uncle back, happy and confident. I can't go back now. Not now that place had become a house of celebration and warmth. I had to wait till my Uncle's ghost left my mind and heart. The people of Gondor cheered the brave riders of Rohan. I was surprised, but remembered our enmity had dissolved the moment we had appeared on the hill top, bearing the flag of Rohan, in defence of Gondor. I smiled and cheered with them, as they left through the gates. Aragorn will ensure our two kingdoms will never feel anger towards one another again. I went back inside as soon as the last soldier had left, it felt as though I was watching my whole family abandon me, but I reminded myself firmly I had chosen this path. Iroeth was going through a box, separated by small compartments, each holding a bottle of some sort. She was muttering furiously to herself. "What is the matter Iroeth? Had you fallen for a brave soldier of Rohan, who now heads for home?" I laughed, she gave me a wry smile. "If only I had, oh I wish that blasted boy would stay where I left him for five minutes!" "Who he is? I can try to find him for you, if you like?" "Oh no, I wouldn't bother, if he so insists in running off…" I couldn't understand why she was being so dismissive of a little boy, "Perhaps he has gone to his mother, he may be scared." "What, I…?" Her face looked bemused for some moments, "Oh, oh no, bless you child. No, the boy I'm talking about is a grown man. Beg your pardon, m'lady." "Please, Eowyn is fine; otherwise I'll have patients calling for the Shieldmaiden of Rohan." I laughed. "But who is this man who has irritated you so?" "Faramir!" she gave a sigh, as though I knew why he was particularly irritating, though I was clueless. I did recognise the name of the younger son of the passed Steward. "Is he in any danger?" I asked. "Only from himself." she harrumphed. "Honestly, and it's not as if he has anywhere in particular to go to…I bet I know where he's gone, to the damn Inn!" she slammed the lid down on the chest and I was particularly aware of the precious glass bottles that rattled in there. "I could try to find him…" "No, no point, he'll only run off again. Besides, at some point he'll collapse in the street, then he'll have to stay here." she said with satisfaction. I frowned, wondering if collapsing in the street was something we should be aiming for. But at that time Iroeth called me over, to assist her with crushing herbs. "My hands ache something rotten after this." she said, and on seeing my expression, "Oh he'll be fine, but he won't be when he gets here." she muttered furiously, bashing the herbs with such force I was unsurprised that her hands would ache…I was, however, surprised the bowl didn't break. As I carried out the instructions of Iroeth I couldn't help wondering about Faramir, I wondered why he wanted to run away if he was ill or injured, I wondered what he was like…perhaps he was arrogant or impatient, perhaps that's why he didn't want our help. But the Houses of Healing were some of the best in the land, there would be no better healers than those here… I shook my head and although I badgered Iroeth with questions, she gave me single word answers or told me to look to what I was doing. I gave up in the end, continuing with cleaning the hospital and helping Iroeth look after the wounded. I longed to be in the garden though, the sweet smell of herbs wafting through the rooms and the green grass looking so fresh and beautiful against the cold, white walls of Gondor. I got my chance when Iroeth sent me to collect more fresh herbs to dry in the store room. I was in the store room, when Iroeth came bursting in, her chest heaving. "Well…what did…I say?" she exclaimed, when she had caught back her breath. I wasn't sure, but she hurried on before I could answer, "Faramir…in the street…" "He collapsed?" I asked, I still found her satisfaction strange. "Aye, oh don't worry girl, he's got a slight fever. But come on now, finish that and then come with me…!" "I thought after this you wanted me to…" "Oh never mind that, it'll be good for you to deal with men who are unwell. I suppose you haven't had much experience with the male body? The Shield madam of Rohan certainly doesn't sound as good." She gave me a wink, and though I tried to laugh, I couldn't help going a little pink at the thought…it seemed strange, I was accustomed to the violence and bloodshed of war, but the idea of something so personal unnerved me. She took my hand. "Now don't you worry a bit. I'll dress his wounds and show you what I'm doing, while you can try to keep his fever down." So collecting dried peppermint, a bowl and a jug of water I obediently followed Iroeth upstairs towards one of the private rooms. The hospital was in more order now, since some of the men had recovered and left. Iroeth opened the door onto a bright lit room, sparsely furnished, but with a comfortable bed and chest off to one side, a table on the other. On the bed lay a man, his brown hair lay stuck to his forehead and he frowned as his fever made his skin prickly. I put the jug and bowl on the table, crushed the peppermint in the mortar and added it to the bowl, pouring over the water. I got out a cloth from the chest, as Iroeth expertly removed his shirt and expected his wounds. "Come here, Eowyn." I went over, with my bowl and cloth, she showed me a wound. I grimaced a little, but she gave a small smile, "It's not too bad, not deep and I have cleaned it, but it needs bandaging. I'll get some more herbs and dressing, you can stay here and bathe him." "I could go and get those." I offered. "Ah! No, you'll need to get used this, don't worry I was just the same. When we had soldiers coming in and out and I was young, I must've been redder than a rose!" she laughed, then got up and left the room. I washed his face, my eyes traveling over his forehead and cheeks, noting the soft stubble on his chin as my hand brushed past. I shook myself, now was not the time. His expression seemed to relax as his brow cooled. I had not allowed myself to look at his naked chest, but I now peeped down, bringing my eyes immediately back up. 'Oh come now, Eowyn, this is silly.' I muttered to myself, 'You've seen soldiers' chests before.' Not this close up, my mind screamed. But I regained my sense and just imagined I was cleaning Windfola, as I washed his arms and chest. Still my mind was racing; I couldn't help but become fascinated by every pane and angle of his chest and looking up at his face I thought he looked…sensible, almost, not one to flee a hospital for any arrogant or impatient reason. "Why are you running away, Faramir?" I said, mostly to myself. "Because I'm not that badly injured." I jumped up with surprise, the bowl smashed on the floor, water dampening my dress. "I…sorry…" I began, my face flushed with embarrassment, he must've come round while I was bathing him. "No forgive me, I did not mean to scare you." he tried to get up, but winced in pain. Now his eyes were open, I could see they were a blue, grey shade in colour. "It is fine," I knelt down to pick up the pieces of the bowl, luckily it had not broken into small shards of pottery. "Sorry…" he muttered. I glanced up at him, I had to admit to myself that I could judge a handsome man without being in love, Faramir was handsome and there was