AN: This is written and posted with Lizzy0305's permission. It's a rewrite of her tale 'Addiction', just told from Snape's Point of view instead of Harry's. All dialogue is quoted directly from her tale. Please, if you haven't already, read Lizzy0305 tale first - this will make much more sense. This also gifted to her, and she gave it a once over as well. Any mistakes left are mine. Addiction - Snape's side of the tale Severus stared at the ceiling. It was the Infirmary at Hogwarts, he recognised the basic stone pattern along with the feel of the sheets and the smells permeating the air. Only, now he could see the tiny marks on the stones, feel the sheets more intensely, and identify ingredients in the potions that he had never been able to smell once they were incorporated. Taking a deep breath, he distinctly remembered drawing his last. He remembered the sharp teeth piercing his skin, muscle, and blood vessel. He remembered being disgusted with himself as he enjoyed his blood sucking enemy pulling his life blood from his veins. Pleasure, sexual pleasure, had coursed through his system, hijacking his brain, controlling his cock, making him come even as the final drop was sucked out of him. Severus remembered the small smile that had curled his lips as he heard the vampire leave. The fiend would be completely dead by now. The poison Severus had slipped into him not long after he was bitten would have ended its life. The last conscious thought he remembered having was hunting for a Blood Replenisher in his robe. Muscles were beginning to fail, his brain losing its power to work – his body oxygen deprived and unable to make energy. He had refused to die – he had too much he had to do to stop now. He still did. Sitting up, he drew another deep breath. 'Stop that, Severus. Deep breaths are smelly.' He found his wand, transfigured the hospital gown into his normal robes, and headed to the Headmaster's office. He needed to report to Albus and then find another Blood Replenisher. HPSS::SSHP The moment Albus confirmed that he had indeed become a vampire, Severus had been certain that he would never have a mate, and had been slightly saddened by that fact. Vampires – ones born with the condition – were born with a mate that was preordained. Both the vampire and the mate would be drawn to the other, needing to be with the other, and eventually fall in love. Turned vampires, on the other hand, were not guaranteed such a happy fate. They would have a mate, but that mate might be dead already, married already, or never feel drawn to be with them. Severus had believed his mate had already died or was certainly attached to someone else by this point. He set himself up mentally for a life alone, but it was something he had already been prepared for, so it didn't change a thing. All that crashed around him when Harry Potter met his eyes the Welcoming Feast of the boy's Fifth Year. Clenching his hands tightly around his fork, he fought his instincts to rush the boy out of the room and bond with him. Later that evening he had bemoaned his fate – okay, he threw a very large fit – in the Headmaster's office. Albus had kindly listened and then offered him a glass of blood. Over the next several years, Severus learned to fight his instincts when it came to Potter. Severus had never been more grateful than the time he learned Hogwarts helped in controlling his need to bite and bond with his mate. He could ignore the other students because of Lucius and Albus' generous gifts of blood, but Potter was different. It was during Potions Class, right after he realised Potter was his mate, that the boy slipped with his knife, just enough to nick his finger, causing it to bleed slightly. Hunger, need, and lust had shot through him. His fangs had lengthened and he had to cast a quick notice-me-not spell on them until they shrunk again. He moved as far across the room as he could, every muscle clenched tight as he commanded his body not to move. A gentle brush against his mind and heart had startled him, but he suddenly felt more in control, able to ignore his mate to a small extent. Able to walk around his classroom as long as he stayed away from Potter's desk. Over the years, he had perfected that control. He didn't rely heavily on Hogwarts anymore. That wasn't the case today. Lying on the floor, his blood practically drained once again, he could hear Albus talking to Harry. He was going to tell the boy – the young man – things the young hero didn't need to hear. He planned to let Harry go as he never shown any signs of wanting to be with him. He had never tasted the boy's blood, so he would be fine as soon as he left the school. Severus dragged his eyes open, looking for Albus. "You can't... Not yet..." His gaze settled on Harry's face. "What do I have to know? How can I help him?" Harry asked, and Severus noticed the cheeky grin. Sneering, he murmured, "No." The raised eyebrow as an answer made him angry. There was no way he wanted to tie Harry to him like this, especially as the boy had no idea what he was getting himself into. Even if Harry didn't feel the pull of a mate, he would be magically bound, tied to Severus until the day he died – Severus, not Harry. He missed whatever Harry said while he was musing, but his attention was completely focused as Harry's thumb brushed his lip, cleaning off the blood he had just coughed out. It felt good on his skin, the scent was enticing, his mate's blood so close. He didn't have the strength to pull the boy closer. He never thought he would be grateful for weakness. "I am utterly sorry, Severus but I will not lose you just because you think the timing is not yet right," Albus said softly to the man then looked at Harry. "Harry, Severus isn't just human. He's a vampire." Harry's eyes widen as he gasped. "A... vampire?" He asked back shocked. "With the..." He touched his own canine with his pointing finger before he whispered barely audible, "... the fangs and everything?" Snape rolled his eyes then closed them. That was the easy part – next came the hard part. He refused to let Harry's blood cross his lips. Albus had to know how the school would react if he drank from a student – mate or not. "Do I uhm... khm... Do I have to lay down or-" Harry stuttered awkwardly. Images, many of them only seen in his dreams, swam through Severus' mind, causing him to release a stifled whine. Suddenly, there was the smell of Harry just in front of his nose. He could feel the pull of his mate's blood. 'No, turn, don't.' He succeeded in shifting his head away from the addicting smell only to have it follow and this time it was closer. "Professor Snape, please. It's okay, I won't tell anyone. Just drink." Harry said. He felt his teeth wanting to elongate, he felt the deep-seated need to bite, to take what was offered. His mate wanted him to, his mate was willing. Hogwarts brushed against his needs, allowing him to turn his head again. Suddenly he could smell blood, Harry's blood. Hunger flamed, his stomach cramped in need. A moan escaped his lips as the first drop hit his lips. He couldn't stop himself from tasting it. Not even Hogwarts could stop him, but she could help him seal the wound instead of biting deeply into that offered wrist. He savoured the taste, one he wanted far more of. Opening his eyes, he searched the green ones above his, seeing something he had never thought he would. There was want and excitement in them. Maybe his mate would be drawn in, but he would still give the boy a chance to get out of this. Offering Harry a silent apology, he turned his head as he asked for Lucius. He fought with his instincts while he waited. His mate was there, his mate wanted him, his mate was offering what he needed and he didn't want to reject him. 'Hogwarts – help. I can't control this. I need...' The gentle presence of the school soothed him, smothering his need under a thick blanket. He could feel it, but he could think as well. He was grateful when Lucius sank next to him and offered his wrist. He hadn't drunk from a single person since his turning – Albus and Lucius offered him blood in glasses or bags – but he knew he would today. "Take as much as you need, Severus." Lucius murmured but the last word came out only as a sigh as Severus' fangs sunk into the bleeding wrist. Severus was sure he would forget everything and everyone the moment the blood entered his mouth, but the first drop of Lucius' blood tasted like sour wine. He gagged, pushing the much-needed blood back out. Conquering his gag reflex, he forced himself to drink while focusing on Lucius' encouragements. He heard Albus murmuring, and then a movement. Opening his eyes, he spotted Harry being escorted out the door. Green eyes caught his gaze, and he could feel Harry's blood sing inside of him. Lust rushed through him – lust for the man walking out the door, lust for the blood filling his veins. He bit harder on Lucius' arm and almost gagged again, but the excitement in Harry's eyes helped him conquer it. The door closed behind his mate, and he slumped to the floor and finished his meal. HPSS::SSHP Hope was not something Severus normally entertained, but it had been his constant companion since he had tasted Harry's blood. His mate was acting like he read preordained mates were supposed to, or at least sometimes. At meals, in the hall, in the classroom, he felt the pull from Harry. Desire was his constant companion. He learned a new level of control until once again until Hogwarts help was not needed to combat the low-level draw. There were occasions though, that he was caught up and gave into the need to show a bit of his claim. Lifting his eyes from his breakfast, he caught the bright green eyes watching him. His stomach twisted slightly, the taste of Harry's blood filling him causing his cock to harden. He smirked and showed off his teeth to his mate, just part of them. It was the only thing he found helped his need to cross the room and sink his teeth into that pale neck. Severus watched as Harry's eyes darkened even as those beautiful green orbs jerked away from him, and he could hear the teen's heartbeat speeding up. 'My mate desires me.' His need to stake his claim settled back into a simmer. Lowering his lip, he turned his attention back to his Slytherins and continued turning over Albus' request that he help chaperone the party tonight. Why they were having a party instead of the standard Halloween Feast was a question no one had answered adequately for him. Hooch, Vector, and Babbling suggested it to Albus, and then before he knew it the rest of the staff were on board. He didn't think it was that great of an idea – sugar, costumes, minimum supervision – but his concerns were discounted. 'Albus said we had to dress up. What can I wear that is the least like a costume?' His eyes darted back to where Harry was sitting. Yes, the boy was Muggle-raised, he would get the slight differences to his normal