AN: Not beta'ed. This came out of the blue, so there will not be more. At least, not as far as I know . Now, I am going to step in here and make a comment about Albus ignoring abused children. 1889 was when the very first law was passed called the Children's Charter - it allowed the state to intervene and police to arrest parents. No mandatory reporters and of course proof was necessary. It wasn't until 1894 that a child could give evidence in court for proof. It wasn't until 1948 that you had local authorities assigned children's officers. We do not have any single unit working together yet - there are lots of different committees and now a local children's officer. In 1968 the local authority social workers replaced children, welfare, health and probation committees, and can finally investigate for child abuse. There are still plenty of other departments and committees still out there they have to coordinate with. 1974 gave us area child protection committees in England and Wales - not Scotland or Ireland. They helped to coordinate local area dealings . The law I used here - the Children's Act of 1989 wasn't implemented in England and Wales until 1991, not in Northern Ireland until 1996. Scotland added things in their law in 1995 - but it wasn't the exact same legislature. Please notice these are four different countries working together - the reporting happens on a local level. Hogwarts is in a different country than Snape, Riddle, and Harry live - it is in Scotland. Albus, nor any other the other teachers, are local. Does it mean they don't have power? I don't know, but it does mean that they most likely do not. Add in that as of 2016, there are no mandated reporters in the UK. So, it's not their job to report anything. Therefore, legally, Albus cannot be blamed for not dealing with the abuse. Morally - it's your call, but do realise that we don't know if he could have contacted local authorities. If someone in that system can tell us, that would be great. For my Universe, I made the Ministry of Magic basically the Local Authority over all witches and wizards in the UK. They work with the real local authorities on child abuse cases if applicable. Severus and the other four basically pulled the Wizarding World's way of handling abuse from the 1889 Children's Charter to the 1989 Children's Act in a decade. They have every right to be proud of themselves. That's 100 yrs of change in 10 yrs. Snape's Other Job Severus frowned into his teacup as he listened to Albus Dumbledore reassure his Deputy Headmistress. Not minutes earlier it had come out that Harry Potter requested not to go home. The boy preferred to stay at Hogwarts over the summer, working with Hagrid, instead of returning to what Severus had assumed was at least a livable home. The clicking of his cup on the saucer brought the other two's attention back to him. "Minerva, Filius, Pomona, have you witnessed anything of concern this past year?" The Head of Gryffindor frowned slightly while she thought. "He was amazed and overjoyed – too much so – at the idea of having Christmas Presents. The younger Weasleys commented on it." When the other two shook their heads no, Severus turned an eye to Albus. "And you, Headmaster?" Albus also shook his head no. Severus stood. "If the meeting is over, I'll be off. I have to finish packing for the summer." The others turned back to their conversation, not telling him to stay, so he left. He had some investigating to do. Instead of heading immediately to the dungeon, he paid a quick visit to Hagrid. It took very little prompting to find out the conditions the half-giant found Potter in when he delivered the letter. Severus listened carefully to not only about how uninformed the boy had been about the Wizarding World but to every nuance of what both the children in that shack had looked like and acted. Sometimes he took a moment to ask simple questions that pulled even greater details, but Hagrid thrived under the attention. With the information from Hagrid transcribed – he had told the Keeper of the Keys about it in passing – Severus made his way to the Infirmary. 'I wish all witness were that easy to get information from.' "Poppy," he closed the Infirmary door behind him, sealing it with a series of privacy charms. The medi-witch appeared out of her office, her face resolute. "Who's it this time, Severus?" "Harry Potter," he waited while Poppy summoned his medical file to continue. She didn't seem shocked at all. "A few things came to light today at the final Head of House meeting. I have my notes from the school year, but -" "You need to corroborate your observations with my records." Poppy passed over the folder. "You might want to talk to Hagrid, the boy is very fond of him." "I talked to him before coming over here." Severus pulled out his preliminary case notebook. "Do you have observations you wish to include that are not already noted in his medical file?" As the medi-witch talked, Severus did his best to mitigate the anger building in him. He had allowed his dislike of the boy's father to get in the way of his ability to spot a child who might be abused. Once Poppy finished, she authorised a copy of Potter's medical file which was shrunk and tucked into Severus' notebook. Banding it shut, the Potions Master went to gather his trunk. Albus stopped by his room just as he was tucking his shrunk belonging into a pocket of his coat. "Severus," Albus turned to walk with him as he headed for the main doors, "will you be available at all the summer?" "No," Severus frowned slightly at the Headmaster, "you know I never am." The man ran a hand through his beard before continuing. "I was hoping you would stop by and complete your brewing for the Infirmary here this year." Severus' frowned increased. "Why?" A smile flashed his way as blue eyes brightened. "So I can have some intelligent conversation during meals on the days I'm here handling administrative work." Spinning about, Severus pinned the Headmaster with a dark glare. "For the last time, Albus, I'm not going to allow you or Minerva to use me to complete your paperwork. Pick someone else." "But, my boy, you have a head for the intricacies of bureaucracy. You can follow a form from the beginning to the end of its trip, and understand why it made that trip. With a bit of training, you would be able to influence its journey." Albus' eyes were not twinkling, but earnest. "The school needs someone like that as her Headmaster. If you just accepted the training as the Deputy, then eventually you would become just that – her Headmaster." Severus was tempted now that he knew why they wanted him to do their work for them. He was a Slytherin and being Headmaster had once been a goal. "If I can fit it into my schedule, I'll be here." "I'll post you the summer schedule." Albus' beaming smile made his shake his head as he continued off school ground. §§§§§ The moment he was free of Hogwarts, Severus Apparated straight to Hog's Head. With a wave to Aberforth, he used the floo to his other job – one he was only fully active in during the summer. No one at the school but Poppy had any clue of this particular position, and that was how he liked it. Striding through the employee entrance, he avoided the lift, instead taking the stairs to the second level. The office he wanted wasn't far from the stairwell, and he didn't have to pass through the Auror's section of the floor. Shutting the unobtrusive, barely labelled door of the Child Arrangements Programme Department behind him, he took in the small office. There were five almost overflowing desks crammed into the same space as his personal office at Hogwarts. Tucked under them and into the back corners were filing cabinets – luckily each magically expanded to hold all the necessary documents. No one here argued about the small office – Arthur Weasley's department had less. A bit of pride swelled up in him as he looked about. The Ministry of Magic had been behind in following Muggle England's adaptations of The Children's Act, but he and the four other workers had spent the last decade dragging it up to the current standards. The passing of The Children's Act of 1989 had given them more leverage. Most of their work was hidden – three of the five of them worked with Muggleborn or half-blood children – but there were parts of the Wizarding World that feared them appearing on their doorstep. "Severus!" Anna Cotsworth smiled at him as he wormed through the small passageway to his desk near the back of the room. "You're early. We didn't expect you until tomorrow." Timothy MacGraw closed his eyes, appearing to steel himself, before picking up three documents off the top of his pile. "Where am I going?" Severus shook his head slightly. "Neither you nor Mirabelle will be heading out on this one." Timothy sat down, his expression even more curious. Severus understood the curiosity as they were the agents who handled the Wizarding World cases and those were typically the ones he brought in when he left school. Anna grimaced but straighten her shoulders – she handled school age Muggleborn and Half-blood cases, only to drop them when Severus shook his head again. "I'm going to this one." The two agents blinked, their eyes widening. "Who is it? Did a student tell you about a younger brother or sister?" Anna's disbelief was evident in her tone. Severus chuckled lightly, shaking his head. None of the students would approach him – he was the strictest teacher in the entire school. "No, it wasn't. I'm going because I need to prove to myself I missed the signs for most the school year, and to make sure the boy will be fine." Understanding flashed on Anna and Timothy's face. Severus knew they had both been in similar situation. Sometimes, no matter how hard you looked, you missed the signs and then a child ends up hurt. The guilt from that was something they all learned to bear and taking proactive steps for that child was one way to help mitigate it. Timothy held out the three documents still in his hand. "Do you need these, or will your version work?" Severus waved the Wizarding World specific documents away. "Mine will be fine." He picked up a fresh notebook and magically transferred all his notes on Potter into it. Poppy's statement, as well as the medical records, were attached to the inside back cover. A tap of his wand had the notebook the right size for his pocket. Three forms later, he headed back out. He had to collaborate with the Muggle Ministry and then the local authorities in Surrey. He wasn't sure when he would get home to unpack, but it didn't matter. This took precedence – it always did. §§§§§ Adjusting his tie, Severus then smoothed the front of his suit jacket before knocking on the door of number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey. Petunia Dursley née Evans opened the door and he worked hard to keep a professional expression on his face. "Good afternoon, Mrs Dursley. I'm here on the behalf of the local authorities to check on Mr Harry Potter." Petunia's thin face became even more pinched looking at the mention of Potter's name. "Potter's as good as he's always been." Severus nodded once before pulling out a child assessment order. He had been mildly surprised at the number of requests for one at the local authorities,