Not beta'ed, but I'm positive Yen or SuNoYu will help with that if there is something horribly wrong. This one has been a long time coming, and I'm sorry it took this long. I offer my thanks to FreddieMac, I don't know if you're still reading, but he's responsible for Potions Quarterly's name. The Aftermath Severus jerked awake, his awareness of his surroundings sharpening quickly even though he didn't twitch a muscle. Drawing in a deep breath, he smelled the potions laden air, identifying a number of them. The most prevalent was a mixture of sleeping potions with several basic all purpose healing ones thrown in. The magic he could sense along with the potions let him know he was in the Infirmary. Opening his eyes, he glanced about the softly lit room. The need to know what happened was quickly overwhelmed by knowledge of who was receiving those sleeping potions. He could feel the twitching start in his fingers and knew he had to hurry. "Tiffy," the name was softly spoken, but Severus knew she would hear if she was still alive. A soft pop assured him she was. "Headmaster shouldn't be awake." Tiffy stood on a chair that was next to the bed peering down at him. "Madam Pomfrey said he should be sleeping for another three days until the potion wore off." Severus winced. This was going to be harder than he originally thought. There were only two sleeping potions that kept people out that long, and both of them were ones he avoided religiously. "She was wrong. Go to my room, in my personal potions cabinet, and bring me the black vial on the top rack. It should be on the right side at the very end of the row." "Headmaster shouldn't be dosing himself," the little elf frowned at him. Narrowing his eyes, Severus glared at the elf, "Now." Tiffy vanished. Sighing, Severus closed his eyes, hoping the twitching wouldn't prevent him from taking the potion. He knew why he woke early. Once, long ago, when he was still a loyal follower of Voldemort, he became addicted to sleeping potions – all of them. He would randomise the ones he took to minimise the change in his tolerance levels, but the two long-term ones – one of which he created – were the ones he loved. He could sleep for days on end lost in his own dreams, ignoring the real world. The Dark Mark's summoning always succeeded in dispelling the induced sleep, so he never feared missing a meeting. He knew he had lost almost an entire year and a half of his life to sleep. He barely ate, brewed potions when required, and went to meetings. Other than that, he slept. His overuse of the long term potions meant his tolerance level for them was much higher than any other. He didn't know if any of the other Death Eaters or Voldemort knew of his previous addiction, but he was positive no one in Hogwarts did. With a pop, Tiffy was back in the chair, holding the black vial. "Headmaster shouldn't be dosing himself." Severus held out his hand, and she placed the potion vial into it. He was glad it wasn't twitching too bad. He could feel the tremors in his legs starting. He needed to take the potion quickly before his body's need for a sleeping potion became more pronounced. "Lock and silence the room. Don't let anyone in." He quickly downed the potion before Tiffy could say another word and set the vial on the table next to his bed. Closing his eyes he prepared himself for who knew how many hours of pure torture. The potion was one Madam Pomfrey would never give him. St Mungo's would only use it as a last resort for addicts, and then in only special cases. It was painful, and how long it lasted depended on how much of the addicting substance was in you. When he first tried to end his addiction – when the Dark Lord wanted him to apply at Hogwarts – he had attempted the weaning off way, then the substituting way, and then he found this potion. It was buried deep in a book of healing potions marked as dangerous and regulated. No matter how much of the addicting substance was in your body, you only needed to take one dose of the potion to clear it out. There was no way the dosed person could take a second. His first time taking it, the potion's effects lasted almost two weeks. Since then, he took it after every time Poppy gave him sleeping potions. Normally, it was only a night's worth of pain, but this time he feared it was going to be longer. Curling up tight, he clenched his jaw against the scream that wanted to rip its way out of his throat even though he knew he would lose eventually. §§§§§§§ Two days later, Severus slowly sat up, propping himself against his headboard. The last forty-eight hours reminded him once again why he avoided sleeping potions, no matter just how bad a night sleep he was getting. He briefly remembered using the potion as a torture device for the Dark Lord who had no idea he was actually helping the victim instead of just causing him intense pain. He shunted the memory away before he called for Tiffy again. "Headmaster is alive. Tiffy was worried." Bulbous blue eyes searched him, checking for illness or a relapse. Severus scowled. "Of course I am. Please make sure there is fresh water in the jug and bring me a bowl of broth." "Yes, Headmaster." The elf popped away, only to return with the broth and fresh water. "Tiffy will prepare a bath for you, sir." "In my quarters." Severus' scowl deepened when the house elf refused with a sharp head shake. He knew that one, he would have no chance of getting her to change her mind. "I will be leaving tomorrow morning." Tiffy's short nod looked a bit too much like his. Lifting the bowl to his lips, he slowly sipped the broth since it was easier than using the spoon with his arms as weak as they felt. He was shocked they weren't shaking yet. Inside he conceded that he might not have made it to his quarters. He lowered the bowl, careful not to slosh the warm liquid inside as mild tremors started and raised an eyebrow at Tiffy who was watching the entire proceedings. "If you're going to stay, tell me how our plan for the Carrows worked out." The little elf bounced slightly on her toes, her ears lifting high, and eyes brightening at the memory. "Tiffy and the team tracked them down to the Ravenclaw tower. Harry Potter was there with Luna Lovegood. They were looking for something – Tiffy never found out what – but the Carrows attacked them." Severus trusted that the elves prevented the attack from hurting the two, but he still growled slightly, his eyes narrowing at the old threat. "Tiffy and Thomas blasted them away from the students and they fell down the tower steps. Merry gave them the potion while they laid at the foot of them, stunned and their mouths wide open," Tiffy grinned. Severus sipped his broth as he thought about what could have occurred next. The potion would create hallucinations, especially in highly susceptible minds. All throughout the school year, he had been having those two dosed with a sweet tasting potion to make their minds just that. The hallucinations depended on their mindset when the final potion was administered. "Did they run about randomly casting attack spells?" Tiffy nodded, her ears flopping slightly. "Tiffy and the team made sure no one was harmed but themselves. They killed each other near the Quidditch pitch." Satisfaction wound its way through him. There had been a chance the two could have survived the potion, it only lasted six hours, and they would have been imprisoned like the rest of the Dark Lord's followers, but he liked this ending better. Those two would have killed students and did torture them. Students that were his to protect. Setting his bowl onto the tray, he prepared himself for the worst. He was also a known follower of the Dark Lord. "What's to become of me?" Tiffy's beaming face relieved a bit of his fear, her words did the rest. "The Headmaster's trial was held while you were sleeping. You're sentenced to being the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for the next ten years, sir." §§§§§§§ The next morning found Severus in the Headmaster's office flipping through the parchments that littered his desk. Tiffy and the team had made sure he ate, had his potions with the exception of the sleeping draught, and then delivered him here with dire warnings. Warnings he would listen to as he had trained this particular group. He knew what they were capable of. Severus scanned the last parchment over, resting it on its appropriate stack – the rubbish bin. He didn't need someone to make new furniture for the classrooms. Merry would be highly upset if he gave that division of the house elves' job away. Leaning back in his seat, he closed his eyes and relaxed his neck and shoulders, willing the muscles to do as he said. He had only taken half the muscle relaxant – it shared many of the ingredients with the sleeping potions – and knew he had to take breaks or Poppy would find out. §§§§§§§ "Headmaster." Severus woke to Tiffy's voice near his elbow, tiny fingers tapping the desk near his hand. It was a common scene – she always woke him this way when he slept at his desk. Opening his eyes, he peered down into her blue ones. "What time is it?" "Just before lunchtime, sir." Tiffy gestured towards a bowl of congee and a cup of chicken broth on the desk. "Madam Pomfrey will soon be discovering that you are not there." Severus quirked a small smile. "Please, let the Heads of House and Madam Pomfrey know we're having a quick meeting up here. Ask the kitchen elves to deliver lunch for them. I believe we can enlarge the table over there to accommodate that many." "Of course, Headmaster." Tiffy popped away right after she enlarged the table and arranged the chairs. Ten minutes later, lunch was on the table and everyone invited came through the door. Poppy glared at him, her eyes raking over his face while she spoke. "You're supposed to wait for me to dismiss you from the Infirmary, Headmaster or not." Severus raised an eyebrow but gave in when she pointed towards a chair. He settled in the closest one, which happened to be the one with his lunch in front of it. Her wand flashed through the standard scans, and she read the information hovering in the air between them. "As always, your body burns through sleeping potions so quickly, there is no evidence of any of them." She shot him her standard look – one that was filled with questions about how he did that – and then shook her head. "You're healing nicely, though. Keep taking it easy, and come by the Infirmary and let me check you once a day for the rest of the week." Severus nodded once before inviting them all to have a seat. "I had the elves deliver us lunch. Tiffy tells me that my trial has already been held." He looked between them all, reading their defiant looks only to discover he wasn't all that upset that he didn't have to go through that drama. "I commend you on your Slytherin tactics." Filius rolled his eyes, Pomona grinned, and Minerva shook her head. Poppy just nodded a thanks towards him. "I'll like to see that memory one evening, but for now, I need to know the status of