AN: Thanks goes out to Yen for taking this one under her wing and making it that much nicer. Without her special touch, the Sungs would not be as perfect as they are. Finally, Home for the New Year Severus almost wished for the Hogwarts' house elves to appear, they would have cleaned his little place in a trice and happily, too. 'No, they would've complained that it was too small. Not e nough work t o do.' Chuckling quietly, he opened the next door and stared at the dusty space behind it. A flick of his wand had the window opened and the dust banished, but the room itself needed to be scrubbed by hand. Hefting the bucket filled with hot soapy water through the doorway, he began; his hands busy while his idle mind went back in time. It had all started when he was awaiting trial in Britain this past May. His family had taken it upon themselves to move him to China. Lui and several of their aunts, uncles, and cousins had started at one end of Spinner's End and worked their way to the other systematically, packing every single bit of his belongings, even checking for anything he might have hidden away. The only place they didn't touch was his Potions Lab. To his utter shock, which he knew he had failed to hide when he later learned of it from the man himself, Master Cheng had arrived to study the layout of his lab, packed everything up and then put it all back the same way but in his new house. Severus rested a hand on the window sill and looked out over his potions gardens that grew beside the house and wrapped around the back, a contented smile curling his lips. This was his house in every sense of the word. Dad and Mama had found it and negotiated the contract years ago. He had been sending them money since his second year teaching because they asked. They didn't tell him why - and he didn't care why; they needed money and he had it so he sent it. When he came home after the trial, he was shocked to find they had used his money to purchase the house and its furnishings, with the leftovers set aside in a savings account with his name. Glancing around at the double bed pushed up against the wall, he remembered the small bonfire his aunts and uncles had made of the furniture they had discovered in Spinner's End. Aunt Huan could be counted on to occasionally bring up the appalling condition of his sofa and dining room table and chairs. Uncle Li at least approved of his attempts to apply feng shui to his old home. Of course, as a master of the art, he improved on the attempts, cleansing out the years of negative energy collected in those walls. Severus swears his terrace house was bought so quickly because of that. He gave himself a shake and continued cleaning. The New Year of the Rabbit was not going to wait for his reminiscences. Rabbits were not known to sit about, and this one coming was no exception. He wanted this room ready for his watcher since he wasn't willing to subject his family or friends to whomever the Ministry decided to send. He was very used to dealing with their attitudes. §§§§§§ Later that evening, Severus bottled the last of the necessary ingredients he had spent the last several hours preparing for the New Year. Everything was sliced, diced, chopped, or ground and stored in the containers he had been using for years just for this purpose. He had also lined up all the potions he knew were going to be needed during the upcoming days of festivities. If he could avoid being in his lab, he would, but he was always prepared just in case. His lips quirked in a wry twist when the two plaques on the wall next to his lab's door caught his eye. Another memory swirled through his mind… the first time he stepped inside his new house. He had barely had a moment to put his bag down and stare about, noting the boxes neatly stacked before Master Cheng was through the door, demanding he be prepared to leave in less than two hours. With only that little time, he just picked up his bag again and followed the High Potions Master out the door. He would work on the house when he returned. Within an hour, the two of them had made it to the guild office to fill in the paperwork to change his name on his Western Tradition Potions Mastery. Or rather, he filled in the paperwork while Cheng inquired when the next presentation for a Grand Mastery would be. ' He insisted tha t I was to claim his title of youngest High Potions Master in the Eastern T radition. It was all I heard for months on end. He ranted at the ancestors and fate for putting obstacles in my way, and then ordered them to fix it.' Severus remembered the scramble when they returned home. Cheng had everyone help unpack his things while Severus himself was confined to Cheng's and his lab until the end of October. They then went to a Potions Convention in India where he presented his ideas and newest potion – the one Cheng convinced him to develop in record time. Severus had presented two potions, one made in the Western Tradition which he had created during the year he was Hogwarts Headmaster to keep his sanity and now perfected, while letting his subconscious work on the one Cheng had him brewing. They were both surprised when he left that conference with two High Potions Masteries – one in the Western Tradition and one in the Eastern Tradition. Cheng got his wish, and Severus had finally been able to relax. Touching both plaques – one for each of his High Potions Masteries – Severus walked out the door. He mentally checked off the list of things he that needed to accomplish before dinner that evening, mainly deliver some ingredients to Master Cheng, pick up a few more he had accidentally left behind, clean up and then head over to his parents' house. §§§§§§ The midmorning sun peeked through the clouds as Severus walked briskly towards Master Cheng's. "Younger Uncle!" Severus jerked around, his eyes searching for Yun. Spotting her, he narrowed his eyes as he scanned his niece for injuries. There were none. A movement next to her caught his attention even as he released a small sigh of relief. 'Potter?' "Yun, you needed to see me?" He waited, hoping this was only about Potter, and not something else. The ten year old girl with laughing eyes and dark hair caught up in two pigtails, tipped her head towards her companion. "Green eyes, he's looking for you. He came into town looking for Snape, and I remembered it was your old name from Dad's stories. So, I brought him." "Green eyes has a name, Yun," he scolded lightly, knowing Potter and his niece would most likely had no way to communicate. He had been attempting for the last several years to convince her to learn English, but she adamantly refused. "I couldn't ask, Younger Uncle!" An affronted look filled her face quickly followed by her eyes dropping to the ground. "You could have if you bothered to learn English, niece." Pulling his wand, he flicked it towards Potter, who was looking so stunned that he didn't dodge in time. "A translation spell, so you can understand us. Mr Potter, this is my niece, Sung Yun." Yun bowed in greeting while Potter had a combination of surprise and happiness on his face. "Sung Yun, this is Mr Harry Potter." "Nice to meet you, Yun." Harry imitated her bow before glancing at Severus. "Yun, will you please let Grandma know that we will have an extra guest tonight?" She flashed him a smile and a nod before running off, pigtails streaming behind her as she headed towards Mama's house. Turning towards Potter, Severus gestured for him to follow and switched into English, knowing the temporary translation spell would have worn off. It had never lasted long when Dad used it on him their first trip together. "The Ministry sent you, Potter?" Potter nodded and fell in step with him as they walked further away from the cluster of homes. "I was hoping to find a place in the village. Do you have a recommendation?" Severus looked the teen over before saying, "You shall stay at my place. It'll be easier for you to confirm what I am doing." Potter's eyes went round. "Snape, are you sure ..." Severus rounded on him, blocking his path. "First thing, I'm not Snape. That name was left behind long ago, Mr Potter, everywhere but in Britain, and I've finally been shed of it there too. You may call me Sung or Severus as there are a lot of Sungs in this area. Second, when have you ever known me not to be sure of something I offer?" "Severus," Potter said it tentatively, obviously uncertain about the name. "Should I call you Uncle like Yun did? I noticed that a lot of people are called as if they're a relative even when they're not." Severus' eyes widened and he shook his head, balking at being called 'Uncle' by Potter. "Yun's truly my niece – my brother, Lui, is her father. You don't need to give me an honorific title, Mr Potter." Harry nodded once, his lips compressed together for a moment. "Make it Harry, sir. I'll be pleased to stay at your place. It'll be nice to be around someone who understands me." Severus gestured for Harry to continue walking with him. "You have had issues… Harry?" Severus was sure about that, but he wanted to hear about it. The teen was showing his Gryffindor traits by coming here without knowing how to speak the language or the customs. Harry chuckled and nodded, green eyes gleaming. "You have to know I did. I don't understand Chinese, and no one was willing to come translate for me, either from the British Ministry here or at home." Harry scowled as he continued. "Not that I mind really, I came to escape the hero-worship back home. That worked, and I did succeed in making it this far. Thank you for writing your address in Chinese. It made things easier." He glanced over the fields they were passing through. "It's big here, isn't it?" "Yes, it is. This way." Severus turned onto another road, and wound his way between the fields until they reached Master Cheng's house. "If you wish to wait here, I have to deliver a few ingredients." He knew that Harry wouldn't, so it didn't surprise him when he was followed up to the door. Cheng opened the door and glanced at Harry, but focused on Severus. "Severus, you made it. I was about to come to your place." "A guest arrived unexpectedly. Master Cheng, this is Harry Potter," Severus switched to English, knowing he couldn't use the spell too often on Harry. "Harry, this is High Potions Master Cheng Jian." "Pleased to meet you," Harry nodded and gave a slight bow at the same time. Cheng returned the bow, "I'm pleased to meet you as well, Mr Potter." He looked back to Severus. "You don't have to come in then. Go get your guest settled." Severus passed over the ingredients and waved bye as he and Potter headed towards his home. §§§§§§ A few minutes later, Severus opened the door and waved Harry in. Green eyes searched every visible nook and cranny, making Severus happy that the place was finally put to rights. It had taken him months, but it was finally how he wanted it to be. Earth tones filled the place, making it