A/N: This is a backstory I wrote for an Enobaria character I am playing in an Enomere (Enobaria x Cashmere- get on it!) roleplay. If anyone is curious the roleplay can be found on my tumblr, which is on my profile here. It is the prettylittleetc one and it is filed under RP. Otherise, just enjoy this one shot that was incredibely depressing to write. -Lu When she was 7 Her father told her he hated her. Or rather, he screamed it at her. It wasn't the first time he'd told her that, but it was the first time the words were accompanied with a beating so bad that the ringing in her head almost drowned out the words. As she clutched a hand to her bruised face she set eyes on her mother, who stood resolutely in the doorway watching the events. She didn't speak out or move to help her daughter. They were a family of Careers, a family of Victors...a family of killers. It was second nature for her parents to fight, to use weapons instead of words. She'd watched their Games on her sixth birthday and afterwards she had looked at them with awe. She'd looked at her father as she stared stonily at the screen and then she'd glanced to her mother, who looked away, but not before Enobaria had caught the bright glint of tears in her eyes. She hadn't understood their reactions. She hadn't understood their pain. And before she was old enough to fully comprehend it, a hatred for them and the pain they had inflicted on her was already consuming her. She was already too far gone to understand their suffering and how it impacted on her own. When she was 9 She had a baby sister. She looked down at the sleeping baby with a tiny covering of dark hair and she wondered why anyone would bring such an innocent thing into such a cruel world. She looked around her as she stood in the kitchen alone, and she looked back at the baby which had been left in a bundle of blankets in the middle of the floor. She'd heard her parents leave. Completely confused by the tiny human being in front of her she leant over it and stared at its face. It was so unbelievably small. Little fingers curled around with dainty little fingernails at the end of each. Feathery soft eyelashes, seemingly impossibly long brushed against her cheeks. Enobaria leant closer, transfixed by every minute detail of this little person who was apparently related to her. She leant so far over that a loose curl of hair escaped over her shoulder, brushing across the baby's fingers. Unable to take it back Enobaria held her breath as the baby screwed up its eyes and began to howl. She looked around in panic, terrified that her parents would return and yell at her for waking the baby, terrified that they wouldn't return and the baby would keep crying. She had no idea what to do with it. "Shhh," she murmured nervously, stroking a finger along the impossibly soft cheek. As if startled by her touch the baby immediately stopped crying, her eyes flying open and blinking up at Enobaria with surprising clarity. Enobaria pulled back, suddenly feeling incredibly scrutinised under her sister's gaze. It took them several minutes of staring silently at each other before Enobaria built up the courage to reach out and gingerly pick the baby up. She tensed, waiting for the world to come crashing down, but the baby just wrapped three tiny fingers around a lock of her hair and pulled herself closer, as if she knew who she wanted to be with. Enobaria tucked her against her chest, looking down at the dark wisp of hair so like her own and instinctively began to rock her. "Hey there little sister," she said softly. "Hey there Clove." From that day on she was the only one to look after the baby. When she was 12 She joined the adult class at the Academy. Normally entry was granted at 15 but Enobaria was miles ahead of her class and she was bored. She sent knives lazily spinning towards the target wall, not paying attention to who was walking around her, and accidently managed to pin one of the mentors to the target by his sleeve. She froze instantly and waited for the knife to come spinning back and launch itself in one of her limbs, but the menacing man simply looked down at the blade with mild interest, plucked it from his sleeve and looked up at her. She stood frozen like a startled rabbit under his piercing blue eyes. That day he accepted her into the adult class. Domitius took an interest in her training specially and she never asked him why, though she wondered every day. The Academy classes had taught her to throw knives and to run and dive and fight, but Domitius taught her how to be ruthless. Domitius taught her how to kill. It began with deer and it progressed to other students at the Academy, anyone stupid enough to get in her way. Domitius was never kind to her, but she had never expected kindness. She wouldn't have known what to do with it. But he gave her encouragement and she could see it in his eyes that he was proud of her, and that meant more than any kindness ever could. The day she killed her first deer she came home drenched in its blood. Her eyes gleamed with manic adrenalin that only a kill could inspire and her hands shook slightly as she opened the door. Clove was three. She sat in the middle of the floor staring intently at a beetle that was making slow progress across the wooden planks. As Enobaria watched from the doorway she reached out and flipped the beetle onto his back, giggling excitedly as its legs waved frantically in the air. When she looked up at Enobaria her eyes grew wide at the sight of the blood. She was only three but she knew what it was. In their family blood was no stranger. Enobaria picked her up, immediately covering her ragged dress in the sticky substance, and looked into her eyes. "I'm going to win the Hunger Games, Clove," she said firmly, then broke into a broad smile as she spoke the words aloud for the first time. Clove couldn't possibly know what the words meant, but she broke into a smile to match her sisters and patted her hands happily against the blood soaked into Enobaria's top. Her little hands came away stained in crimson. When she was 15 She killed her parents. It was an accident; an accident that she had played through in her head every single night since she was a little girl. The circumstances changed and the age of the people in the fantasy, but they always ended up dead. And one day it wasn't just a fantasy. One day she was holding the knife and he was lying on the ground bleeding from the gash in his throat where her impeccable aim had swung. His hand was still clasped in the claw like grip that had moments ago been around Clove's tiny throat. It took Enobaria several moments of watching the deep crimson blood pump from his throat until she blinked and looked around for her sister. She was six years old and crouched on the ground behind Enobaria, her black eyes large and staring at the dead body before her. It was the first death she ever saw and Enobaria hated herself for it. Without a word of explanation she picked her up and carried her from the room, but she could feel Clove's eyes fixed to the body of their father over Enobaria's shoulder. Again without a word of explanation she deposited her on Aelia's doorstep. The woman picked her up without a flicker of emotion, a consequence of a lifetime spent in District 2, and took her inside. Cato was there, leaning around his brother and staring at the blood spatter soaking into Enobaria's clothes with a gleam in his eyes that was deeply disturbing in an 8 year old boy. When she returned to the house her mother was waiting, sitting in a chair in the darkened house and nursing the medieval old blade that Enobaria recognised from her father's Games. She glared at Enobaria with all the intense hatred of a lifetime of pain and suffering and disappointment. Enobaria didn't give her the chance to voice any of it. She launched a knife at her chest and watched as her mother's face froze in one last moment of surprise and something else...pride. She stared numbly at the two bodies seeping blood into the floor of her house. It wasn't lost on her that in the last moments of her life was perhaps the first time her mother had ever been proud of her eldest child. She hadn't expected her to have the courage to kill her. Perhaps she was even grateful. When she was 17 She volunteered. She didn't tell anyone. Not Domitius when she left him at her last training session before the Reaping. Not Aelia when she arrived at her house that morning to collect a ten year old Cato and his three younger siblings. Not Clove when she silently pinned her ebony hair out of her eyes and straightened the lace on her best dress. Not when she let her still tiny hand slip from her grasp as she ran ahead to join her friends in the eight year olds section. Not when she turned from her place with the older kids to look at her sister and caught her sharing meaningful glances with Cato across the crowd. She was too young. No one expected her to volunteer. She wasn't eighteen and no one volunteered until they were eighteen. But before the last syllable of the reaped tribute's name had fallen from their escort's lips she was shouting out the two words and marching forwards. She heard the gasp from the crowd and she wondered briefly if any of them were Clove's. But when she sought out her eyes from up on the stage she was met with a manic grin and a pair of gleaming black eyes that told her she was proud. And she wasn't surprised. Enobaria should have known. She never could slip anything by Clove and killing was practically in their blood. She had three people come visit her before she left on the train for the Capitol. The first was Clove. They didn't share many words. Enobaria just wrapped her arms around her little sister's tiny frame and told herself that this was all the reason she needed to come back. The second was Domitius, who glared at her in half exasperation and half pride. He gripped her in a brusque, strangely affectionate hug. "You have everything you need to win," was all he said in her ear. The third person, or rather people, were Aelia and her four boys. She smiled at Enobaria in what she imagined was a motherly fashion and told her that she'd make her district proud. The boys all looked up at her in awe, all blonde hair and blue eyes. As they were leaving one suddenly detached himself from the group and dashed back to her. She looked down at Cato with mild surprise and he looked back at her with solemn eyes. "I can look after her...if you need me to," he said simply and for the first time Enobaria felt a flutter of fear at the thought of what lay ahead. But she managed to smile at the him. "Clove's lucky to have you," was all she could manage in reply. When she was 18 She survived. Her train pulled into the District 2 station and she heard the roar of the crowd