Marie One I Did Not Word Count: 10602 Victorian Edward Pairing: Edward and Senna Rating: M Angst and Drama Beta: Stephanie, Fran, and Taylin Summary: When Edward Cullen meets Senna Duvalier, she is at the end of the line and her only other choice is back to prison. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. All mistakes are mine. My Age of Edward Entry 1890 Barnes, England Sir Edward Cullen was angry at the man who had slowly become a boil on his backside. James Hunter was a regular visitor to his home, and he did not like this at all. The Reverend Riley Biers was also a regular visitor, this visitor Edward had grown to like. The woman they both visited, Senna Duvalier, did not even realize what she meant to him. Edward had to laugh bitterly at the coil he put himself in. He was in love with a woman who tolerated him but wanted nothing financially from him. He brought, his women things, and that kept them happy until they started saying to him, I want more. He felt this was a complaint when women said it, and he always ignored those words when any woman said them to him. Now, the shoe was on his foot, and it was very uncomfortable. He wanted more. Senna would not care about the fact if he wanted a Dukedom; all he had to do was claim it. She thought it was just a physical attraction and nothing more that he felt for her. Edward had been an absolute ass to her when they first met. His actual brain and not the brain in his pants knew better from the start. He knew how much he had changed and evolved inside since those first days. He hid so much of himself from her. He was becoming more like a woman. He now wanted more out of the relationship they were having. He wanted to know her feelings where he was concerned. Edward thought back to every woman he had ever been involved with who asked him for more, and he knew how they felt. It was not a good a feeling to be at sea and unsure as he felt presently. Senna was the shore, and he was not sure he could reach her without drowning. This should have been easy, but instead to him it felt hopeless. He needed to get help and some advice from his father about her. He would tell her tonight about going to see his father in London. Senna could not see it because Edward never shared any of his thoughts or deep feelings with any woman ever, including those who were his friends from childhood. He still had not told Senna the most important and only thing that would matter to her. I believe you're innocent. Edward had that chance once and he did not take it. Senna would have wanted that from him more than any money or jewels he could provide. Beginnings Carlisle Cullen loved his son, Edward, but he was tired and disgusted with his behavior once again. He was twenty-seven years old, when would he grow up and stop his childishness? Who gets into a fight with a man over his mistress? Apparently Edward did. This time was last straw for Carlisle. He would not send Edward to Paris or Rome, no, this time he would take his punishment in good, old England at the family manor in the country. That night as Carlisle talked to his beloved wife Esme, he knew he would have to hurt her again, but it had to be done. Looking into Esme's green eyes was hard since Edward had the same eyes and brown hair as his mother, but it was necessary. Edward was just back from Italy, and now he would have to leave all over again. The family had a small manor in the community of Barnes. It was not even a half day away, it would do for a semi-exile from society. Edward was sent to Barnes the next day. Edward wanted to curse his father, but his father had been correct. It was time to grow up. He had a bad reaction when his childhood friend Rosalie Hale Whitlock told him her husband Jasper had taken a mistress. The norm was to go along, but instead Edward decided to show him up by seducing the mistress. Maria Smyth was beautiful and a talker in bed. How was it Edward's fault she badmouthed Jasper to him, and he talked to the one person he knew would spread it everywhere, Rosalie's younger brother Andrew. Once in Barnes, Edward was able to see where his family's horses were born and bred. However, he was bored here. The single and married women here were off limits. No lay was worth being shot over, which he knew would happen if he touched any woman here. The community was aware of his behavior and reputation. They knew his family had sent him here to escape the latest scandal making the rounds in London with his name attached to it. They knew his family was fed up with having to pay off another unhappy husband. The community knew exactly why Edward Cullen was gracing them with his presence. However, Baron and town sheriff,Charles Swan, wanted him to look more closely at his daughter Isabella a dark-haired, dark-eyed beauty. But, she clearly had her eye on the blond haired blue eyed James Hunter. Edward observed, the way Isabella looked at James at the village social. How could Charles Swan not see this, Edward had no idea. He would not poach on another man's territory in this matter. He did not want to have to leave another place or have to explain to his father why he would need to go somewhere else. Tuesday Edward received a message from Charles that his presence was required in the town hall. It was expected he would take his seat in the fourth chair at the table in the converted room, which was serving as a court of law. Standing in the back was not helping his view of the proceedings. He wanted to see this Mrs. Duvalier as she called herself. Everyone was talking about her getting out of prison after only ten years for the murder of her rich husband. Most thought she should have hanged. No one thought she was innocent. However, there was testimony that was never made public and whatever it was had convinced the judge to let her live. She had gone into prison at barely eighteen years old. It was now ten years later and she was free. For how much longer was the question of the hour. "I have tried to find work, but no one will hire me. There is a workhouse two villages over I could go to," explained Senna Duvalier Uley. Her voice had a hoarse sound and she cleared her throat. No one offered a drink of water to her. Edward noticed when she gave her name that she used Senna Duvalier. She no longer used her late husband's name- the man she was accused of murdering. Her back was to Edward as she talked to the court. Edward had been bored with today's court proceedings until Mrs. Duvalier was brought before the bench. He was was fascinated by her, and wanted to see the woman everyone in London was talking about. Edward decided it was time to take his seat. When he approached the table, the other three men on the panel barely acknowledged his presence. They did not take the rich flop from London seriously. The feeling was mutual; Edward had no respect for them. He had the seat because his family was the largest landowner in the area. Therefore, he had a say in legal matters as did the judge and law agents. When Edward took his seat, Senna looked at him. Brown eyes met green eyes, and she looked unimpressed as well. To Edward, Senna Duvalier was not white or black, as he knew the races to be. She was a golden color. Her hair was a brown-black color with dark red highlights worn in a simple braid. Her face was plain but with exceptional features. She looked compelling, and he wanted her. Edward knew her father had been a white man and her mother a black woman. She had been born in Canada, and the family moved to London after her fourteenth birthday where her father had been a successful businessman. After she was charged in her husband's death, the family moved back to Canada and disappeared from public. Her family abandoned her after she was accused of murdering her husband, Joshua Uley. She was their second child and had one older brother. The family of Senna Duvalier had seemed to fall off the face of the earth. No one knew where they were now located, and the gutter press had looked hard for them. Edward mostly read the papers from the gutter press. It was where news and gossip was reported without a filter. Edward decided he needed a new housekeeper, and Mrs. Duvalier or Uley, or whatever she called herself would do nicely. As he had walked past her, he noticed her face looked sad and defeated. The panel was talking about the possibility of sending her back to the prison. "My lord, the accused is before the court for vagrancy and unemployment. She has no fixed address and is being charged as a beggar." When Judge Roberts started speaking his voice got louder and louder until it sounded as if he was shouting. "Judge Roberts, I can hear you and so can the people ten miles away," Edward said in an even tone of voice. Senna Duvalier smiled at this but then put her head down. She did not want anyone seeing her smile. "Judge Roberts, I will put the defendant to work in my house. I need a new servant to help Mrs. David. The work has become too much for her to handle alone. She can start today, problem solved." Senna looked up angrily at this pronouncement. She should be grateful she was not going back to prison. However, her face showed only hatred for him. He would have to teach her the error of her ways. Edward was thinking she should be glad she would become his mistress. "Sir, this woman is a murderer. She should be sent back to prison where she should have been kept for the rest of her natural life." Judge Roberts' voice had an icy tone. Edward cut him a look that was more icier than Judge Roberts' tone of voice. Charles Swan kept his opinion on the exchange to himself. James Hunter, the next largest landowner, was quiet and watching. Charles wanted Isabella to look more closely at Edward Cullen for a husband. Charles felt, she could do worse in his eyes, such as James Hunter. Charles never gave James permission to think he could ever even court Isabella, but he came over to house every chance he got. Isabella never smiled at anyone but James. Charles was at his wits end at home. Isabella was more stubborn than he was. Trying to get her to look at Edward Cullen was harder than he though. James wanted to marry Isabella, but he had no title, and with Edward Cullen's latest behavior he could be one-step closer. As far as James could see, Edward Cullen was moving Mrs. Duvalier into his home to make her his mistress. Good. Charles would see this with his own eyes. No one was asking Senna what she wanted; once again, she did not matter. Her father never asked her, but told her she was getting married. Joshua Uley made her skin crawl, and her father never cared about her thoughts or feelings where Joshua Uley was concerned. She