HARD CONVERSTATIONS / HARD GOODBYES By: Marie One Twilight. AU. Rated MA/English/Non-cannon/Drama-Angst/Edward OC A return back after plans don't go as planned. Supernatural elements involving some Breaking Dawn elements /Part 1 Thanks to 2Shaes and Kitchmill for the beta work Thanks to Edwardsmate4ever and Elfprincess8 for all the your help and encouragement Thank you Silver Drip and PurplePixie143 Characters originally created by Ms. S. Meyer Tuesday/Beginnings/3Years Later There has to be a chess player in this one horse, vampire, and shifter town, thought Allison. Allison missed Michael her former coworker who now worked in Alaska. They played Chess three times a week together and talked about everything. Allison always meant to teach her son Sam how to play but there never enough time. Now looking around the hall Allison was sitting alone at her table. Sometimes a person would come by looking for a pickup game but not anything more long term. I will not give up. I will sit here until someone walks in that door looking for a play partner. I will sit her patiently and someone will come, here is an open seat and someone, anyone, somebody must want a Chess game three to four times a week, someone. Allison was so lost in her thoughts that she did not notice Edward Cullen standing at her table until he touched her shoulder to get her attention. "Oh hello, welcome. I'm Allison." "Hello, I am Edward Cullen. Would you like a chess partner?" asked Edward. Allison took his outstretched hand in both of hers. He was a cold one as the history said he was . "I am Allison Clearwater Uley, I know who and what you are. It's okay. Please have a seat and welcome again. I have been hoping someone would come along to play." One hour later there was still only one move each and not one word said. Allison who was used to some talking while playing, looked up from the chess board and said, "If you tell me yours, I will tell you mine." Allison's voice was lower than normal. Edward Cullen would be able to hear what she said with no problems. "What?!" asked Edward. Edward's voice was not too loud in the room, but he was shocked at what Allison said. "All about you and why you have blown back into town with Isabella Swan." Allison said. "Everyone knows we're back, and Bella is back?" asked Edward frowning a bit. "Yes, and welcome to small town life. You and Bella are the entertainment again, and if Jacob comes back into the picture, it will be get- out- the- popcorn- time again." Allison observed. "I can't read you." "What are you talking about?" Allison asked. "You know what I am and about the treaty?" Edward asked instead of replying to her question. Edward was looking right at Allison as she calmly looked at him. "Yes, that's why I know who and what you are," Allison answered. "My ability is mind reading and hearing thoughts," said Edward. "Wow, I can't imagine all the filth you know and have seen. I guess there will never be enough brain bleach in the world to help you out. How painful is that, I mean can you control it, can you block out things?" asked Allison with a look on her face like she was now studying Edward. "I have learned how to block out things to a degree," said Edward. "So you can't hear me or read me?" asked Allison. "Not totally, you are not like other people, but I did hear you cursing. It was loud," Edward told Allison with a fascination that he had not felt for someone else in a long time. "I blame all the rap music two of my coworkers listens to and my personal frustrations with a lot of things I want to change," said Allison. "The next move is yours move Mr. Cullen." "Please call me Edward. I would rather talk some more and get to know you, if you don't mind?" said Edward. "I would like to play and talk, Edward, and I am always happy to make new friends," Allison said sincerely. The talk of the town and then the reservation became the fact Allison Uley knew Edward Cullen. Soon everyone was talking about how Allison and Edward were spending several nights a week together. The Tuesday chess game became Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Sam asked his mother, "Is there was anything you want to tell me?" "What do you mean?" Allison wanted Sam to ask her the question straight out and use Edward's name. She was done with beating around the bush. Sam said nothing else, and the wall, between them grew taller in Allison's mind. Tuesday Next "Talk about it and tell me since I can see it on your face." Edward asked Allison. Allison had both hands on the table but there was tension in her body. Allison was really trying to calm down and not doing very well. Edward was starting to know all her moods. "Okay, but once I start I'm not going to stop so hang on." Edward had gotten to know nervous talking Allison. "Okay the Tuesday we meet was great, and the next day Bella Swan came to see me and told me she was sure, she had seen my ex-husband and where he was. "It was the first lead on him, I had in over ten years. Anyway, that Friday I went to see Bella's father in my car and told him to get in no questions asked. He and I made it to Seattle in under four hours, and I served Joshua dissolution papers. I broke every speed limit invented, but I didn't care. My paperwork got signed and I am finally getting my declaration." Allison took a breath to calm down and slow down her talking. Edward nodded so Allison continued talking. "Do you know he had the nerve to ask about Sam? So I told him he's in your rear view mirror on the side of the road where you left him." Allison never said it out loud, but she was always shocked at how badly Joshua treated Sam. How do you not give a shit about your own flesh and blood? "Anyway, I am proud to say I did not lose my cool or kick him in the balls. I am just numb after all this time. So that is why I missed our Friday date that first week. My papers got filed this Monday with the Clerk of Court's office, and because of the case built over the years it should not be long on the declaration but the support issues will take time. I am going to free of the marriage in less than one month." Allison seemed to relax and calm down more while Edward looked down at the board since Allison made a move while talking. It was so slight and Edward was so focused on Allison he did not notice it. How did she do that and how did I miss it? Edward wondered trying to mask his surprise at this happening. "The Clerk knows me from years ago when I tried to start the process but I could not find him to get his signature on the paperwork. Anyway that Wednesday when Bella Swan came to see me, I asked her to tell no one what she knew, I had my reasons. I am so glad and grateful for the information she had." Allison was slowly calming down more as she talked. "Anyway, the child support will be going to Sam and Embry when they start the collection process. I tried years ago when I had help to get him served but he was always one step ahead. It was like someone was giving him a heads up but no way to prove anything against anyone." Allison's hand were now doing the nervous tapping thing. Edward nodded slightly. "I will tell Sam later tonight now that it's started in the Courts. I tried to protect Sam from the gossip, but he looked at Embry and just knew they were brothers. He asked me how old was Tiffany when she was pregnant? I told him barely sixteen when she had Embry." Allison let out a slight sigh. "I am tired of keeping all this shit in any way; I know Sam has heard talk but I don't know what he's heard. I don't want to ask, but I may have to tell him what I know sooner or later." Allison was praying for later or never on telling Sam anything. Never would be great. "I have a job I will be taking in the New Year. And now, I have said it out loud." Allison was relieved to get it off her chest. It was good to have someone to rant at even if it was in a lower toned voice. The other chess players in the hall had no idea of the conversation Allison was having with a supernatural creature. Edward to Allison was just different. Allison was studying Edward as she talked to him. Edward was studying Allison, and had no idea what to make of her yet. "Do you know why I'm here?" Edward asked. "No but if it involves Bella Swan it can't be good. How bad is it going to be?" asked Allison. "My family and I will be meeting with several members of the Volturi. Alice has seen it," Edward said. "Is this Alice person a psychic?" "Yes." "Did she see Bella doing a runner on you?" Allison asked fascinated. "The future is never set and last minute decisions change the outcomes in her visions." said Edward. "Did you see a future with Bella, is that what was shown to you by Alice?" "Yes," said Edward. "What did it look like?" asked Allison. "It hurts to even think about it." Edward told Allison. Allison had respect for Edward's pain. She decided he would talk about it when ready to. "Edward, trust me, I have been there. That whole 'my futures so bright I gotta wear shades thing,' but I can say it really does get better with time. Don't let anyone ever tell you how to grieve what you've lost or how much time you need to get it right in your mind. That is me telling you," Allison let Edward know with a slight smile. Allison then touched Edward hand in a slight gesture. Allison was a person who touched and reassured. Edward liked the fact she thought nothing of touching him or thinking he might need it. "You know I have four people I call shovel friends. These are the people you call at three am, tell them bring a shovel because you've got a body, no questions. You, Edward Cullen are becoming a great shovel friend. You are the oldest, young guy I know. I think you were an old man even when you were a kid. I like you. I don't like people easily, but you I like." Edward smiled a genuine smile at Allison, his first in a long time. "By the way, what do you do with your days?" "I volunteer at the hospital in the burn ward reading to people. The bad smells make it easy for me to be there, and most of the patients are out of it, I read to them." Edward told Allison. Allison was glad he was helping people. "When is the problem coming?" Allison was now worried about another fight, last fight Jacob was hurt physically. After the fight there was a sadness and anger in Jacob. Sam was still Sam after the fight. "End of this month." Edward said. Wednesday "Do you know why I can't be around Bella or say her name?" Edward asked Allison. The moment of truth is here am I ready for this wondered Allison? "It's because she is my singer and her