Marie One A Funeral & Then a Wedding Summary: To Edward Cullen, love meant two imperfect people never giving up on each other. He saw that to the end. Pairing: Edward and Senna Beta: Fran Rating: M - Angst and Drama Non-Canon All Human Word Count: 3985 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement intended. All mistakes are mine. Originally posted on Words for Meli. For Meli and Courtney. A Funeral & Then a Wedding Seattle, Washington August 2010 As Edward Cullen stood at the graveside service for Senna Collins Holmes, he didn't believe she was dead and gone. He felt his heart should be breaking, but all he felt was rage at her. When Edward first got the news from his big brother Emmett that Senna was dead, it was as if a hole opened up in his world. The pain he felt and overwhelming anguish put him on his knees. He cried uncontrollably and couldn't stop until the next day. By the time the service rolled around three days later, he felt enraged at Senna for leaving him. How could she go get herself murdered? Edward knew it wasn't rational, but his pain didn't care. She had ended their relationship one month earlier. It happened in his bed with her brown eyes looking down into his green eyes and just like that in the middle of sex with him inside of her they were over. He tried to hold onto her, but Senna said nothing. He wanted to hold her there in his bed, but when he dropped his arms from around her, she got up, dressed and left his house never to be seen again. It was as if she disappeared, but all Senna did was change her work hours. They had been together for nine months. The best nine of his life, but he had never told Senna this. Edward wanted to say they had been fighting, but they hadn't. At a certain point, Senna decided for the both of them that they wouldn't make it. She decided for him that he wasn't over his high school girlfriend, Isabella 'Bella' Swan. She decided he had unfinished business with Bella and his opinion was not taken into consideration. Senna's silence had been louder than any shouting they could have done at each other. Her silence shut him out, and he didn't know how to reach her. Her sadness was painful. He should have talked sooner and more often to Senna. The uncertainty was all his fault. I loved you, Senna and only you. No, I love you, Senna. Edward would talk to Bella. He would pour his heart out to her about all the things he felt for Senna. Senna was waiting for him to say all the things he was saying to Bella. Now, she was gone. Somewhere. Edward didn't believe she was dead for even one single minute. Her death did not pass the smell test, as Senna would sometimes say referring to certain cases she was assisting with. All around him, there were men and women sobbing for Senna, but not him. What Edward noticed was not one tear from Senna's brothers or her parents. They had not cried once, not in the church and not at the cemetery. It was the fact they had no emotions whatsoever that had Edward suspicious. Forget numb with grief, they were just not there. None of them including her sister, Jessica who had red eyes from crying, but at the service and grave, nothing. She was not putting on brave front, she had the same behavior. What the hell was up with all of them? They should have faked some grief and Edward wouldn't have been suspicious. Senna worked with at risk teenagers. She once told Edward, "It feels like one teardrop in a ocean. I wish I could give them more hours." Several of the kids at her service said, "If this could happen to her, it could happen to us." They were more upset than Senna's parents, brothers, and Jessica. Their pain was heartbreaking to see and hear. Edward looked at those kids who so were so young to him and he got angry. Everything about the service made him angry. The tears, the pain, the agony of those around him, and he wasn't there to protect Senna. Someone hurt his girl and he wasn't there to stop them. He felt like hitting someone anyone. Hard. Later that night, his big brother Emmett had to bail him out of jail. He left the grave and got into a bar fight. After being bailed out of jail, in his old bed at his parents' house, he cried for his losses and for Senna. Emmett didn't want him to be all alone in his apartment so he had taken his brother there. One month later, Edward smiled in memory at the first time he met Senna Collins. He wanted to know who she was after hearing her say to someone on the other end of her phone, "Look, I don't have jets in my ass okay. I'm coming so just hold on asshole." He wanted to meet the person who said what he just heard. He liked her attitude. He didn't even think twice about following her out the building. He could see her back but didn't see anything of her face. She was walking at a pretty good pace. He could make out that she was African-American and nothing else from the back. He was so busy following Senna out the building; he was not paying attention to anything but her. She suddenly called out laughingly, "Hey, assholes." It turned out, she was addressing Emmett, his sportswriter brother and his news writer girlfriend Jessica Stanley. To his delight, the woman he was interested in was somehow related to Jessica. Emmett had introduced Edward to some of Jessica's family. She had two big brothers and she kept referring to a sister, Senna, who was at her law school that particular Saturday working with the at risk youth program. When Edward met Jessica's big brothers they laughed at the look on his face and so did Emmett. They were over six feet tall and African-American. Jessica was Irish-American. It was then, that brown- haired, blue- eyed Jessica explained how she had been adopted when her family moved into their neighborhood. Senna punched out a bully and told Jessica, "You're with my family now." The Collins' family took the Stanley's under their wing. When Jessica's parents died within months of each other when she was twelve, she moved into the Collins' family home. They were now the only family she had, and she was protective of them. Senna had been on the phone with Emmett as she walked out at the end of the work day. She was working as a law clerk in the law firm on the twelfth floor of his building. The design firm he worked at was on the sixteenth floor. Edward was invited to dinner with Senna by Emmett and Jessica. He couldn't stop smiling as he talked to Senna on the ride over to dinner. Emmett noticed in the rear view mirror and winked at Edward. For once Edward didn't care about Emmett giving a wink, smirk, or any other annoying look or sound. Senna was telling Edward, "My brothers couldn't stop laughing about the look on your face when you first met them." "I was surprised, I admit." Edward conceded in his response. "Yes, we're not the usual family but it works for us." Senna smiled and Edward definitely wanted a date with just the two of them alone. He had to admit he never thought about having an interracial relationship until he met her. Senna was beautiful, but was a bit shy to Edward's way of thinking. She was intense and serious. She was different from any other woman he dated after his breakup from Bella. She was direct, blunt, and passionate about certain topics. He loved her confidence, and was smitten with her. He and Isabella Swan, called Bella by everyone had finally sputtered to an end. Sometimes high school relationships go the distance and sometimes they don't. They tried and went down fighting but in the end, love was not enough. He was now twenty-six years old and single. He thought he would be married to Bella by this age. The irony was, they were now the closest of friends, and her current boyfriend couldn't understand their closeness. The shoe was now on the other foot, and Jacob Black wanted Bella to cut off their friendship. Bella told Jacob to take it or he could leave, but she was not cutting Edward out of her life. Edward was now getting to hear all about Jacob from Bella. This was a learning experience for him. He was now more understanding of men and women being just friends. The dinner with Emmett and Jessica flowed well, and Edward decided it was time to try dating once again . Maybe, in time, they could become a couple. The first date on their own went well, and they ended up spending most of the night talking to each other in a 24-hour coffee shop and diner. He felt so connected to her that it scared him. He was falling harder and faster than he did for Bella when they met in high school. On their third date, at Senna's door, Edward kissed her good night on the mouth. Senna kissed him back, and the night ended up with them making out on her couch and falling asleep in each other's arms. That Saturday was the best morning ever, in Edward's opinion. At month six, Senna opened up about her late husband, Frederick. He was sick and despite her nagging he wouldn't go to the doctor. By the time, he was diagnosed with leukemia it was too late. Senna explained to Edward, as he held her in his arms as they sat on his futon, "I couldn't get him to go the doctor. He blew off all the aches and pains he had. By the time he went to the doctor, it was beyond the point they could do anything but help him with pain management. I wonder to this day what I could've done differently." As Edward looked down at Senna, he noticed the pain and regret as it passed across her face. Edward sadly imparted to Senna, "There was nothing more you could have done." Edward was that guy, like Senna's late husband had been. He blew off aches and pains, but now Senna gave him something to think about. At month eight, Edward was talking to Bella a lot. He felt he was losing Senna. Senna would look at Edward like she was waiting for him to make up his mind and say something. He and Senna had skated around , I love you and even said it all kinds of ways but not straight out. Senna didn't want to look foolish if Edward didn't love her back. Edward noticed how careful Senna was with words. "Words have power and can cause pain if not used right or used wrongly." Edward agreed but stayed silent on any future they might have. Now, Edward knew exactly who could help him find Senna or who could make some noise to get him to who could help. Senna's boss, Michael Tennent was shot multiple times in the back of the head then turned over and shot in the face. The claim was Senna met her demise the same way. The coffin had not been opened even for a private family only viewing. Charles or Charlie Swan, Bella's dad, was in law enforcement. He could start asking questions about the now, cold case. October 2010 Charlie had started asking questions, and Jessica ran a story based on the last two conversations she had with her sister plus the