Marie One Mrs. James Hunter Word Count: 9128 Edward and Zafrina Rating: M Angst and Drama Beta: Taylin and Fran Summary: Edward Cullen loves Mrs. James Hunter. What makes a father in these modern times? Fandom For Mental Health Awareness Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement intended. All mistakes are mine. Washington DC June 1989 Cullen Building Career wise, Edward Cullen had his life worked out. He loved building design and could never see himself doing anything else. The firm he and his big brother Emmett co-owned was not too big and not too small, just right for the booming building market of the new millennium. Edward felt sure with time, he would meet the person he would spend his life with. He felt one day he would meet his lady, and then one beautiful spring day she walked into his office and became one of his assistants. Zafrina or Rina Hunter was a light mocha color with medium brown eyes. Edward knew his face did all kinds of contortions in the first moments he met Rina Hunter. He probably at one point even looked angry, and it was the anger that Rina noticed the most. The problem was Edward was hopelessly in love with Rina from day one. He fell in love with her at first sight. He looked her up and down. She was perfect in his eyes, but the two, thin bands on her left hand killed him on the spot. Rina was hopelessly in love too, but with her husband of ten years, James. She always called him her James. James was in the Special Forces in the Army. Whatever happened on his last mission was a wake-up call, and he was getting out of that branch of service. James was currently on his last mission; parts unknown though it was thought that he might be in Nigeria, Yemen, Pakistan, or Afghanistan. The first month working with Rina was agony, Edward was short and abrupt when speaking to her. Rina told her husband James; she thought Edward Cullen might have pigment issues. James reassured her by telling her, "Edward Cullen is a total asshole, not a racist, no worries baby." Edward found this out from James when he first talked to him. It happened at the end of Rina's second week working in Edward's office. James came by and introduced himself to Edward while Rina was on a bank run. This was James doing Edward a favor to help things along in the office. James laughed when he told Edward what Rina had said about him, and his answer back to her. James wanted things to become easier for them both. James did help Edward out in this matter. Edward hated James on principle- hated the way he walked into a room like he owned it. Edward had no idea what to call or think of James Hunter; maybe someday he would know what to call him in the scheme of things. Edward was not ready to call him a friend. Plus, he discovered Rina was hansy where James was concerned. After that, however, things with Rina in his office did become easier. Rina smiled more and tried to engage more with Edward. She was trying, and he appreciated that, but keeping her at a distance was better where his heart was concerned. Edward set the routine and tried to curb his anger. It wasn't Rina's fault she was married, and he wanted someone off limits. Edward tried dating, and it was his fault when the relationships didn't work out. He met some great women, but they were not the person he wanted to be with. Within a few dates, most of the women he dated became friends, and they moved on to other relationships. He was now into hook-ups with no strings on either side. Now, Rina was coming upon her second year with the company. Today in the cafeteria was painful for Edward. Rina was lively today talking about being ready to start their family when James returned from this last mission. Everyone smiled at Rina, but she said, "Not as far as I know. When James returns is when we start trying for a baby." Edward knew he would see James more often, and sooner-or-later meeting their future kids. Edward was at the table right behind Rina, and the talk was torture. He hoped his face had a fake smile on as she talked and not the grimace he felt. "I have the nursery theme picked out but no color yet. Do you know James wants a military look for the nursery? I had to put my foot down on that one. I love him, but, no, just no way." Rina laughed and was part hugging Riley Biers her childhood friend who sometimes came by to have lunch with them from the office next door. Rina was a hugger and thought nothing of it. Also, at the table were Bella Swan, Rosalie Black, and Leah Whitlock along with Riley. Bella, Rosalie, and Leah were office assistants in the company. Bella was now dating Edward's brother Emmett. Rosalie and Leah were two military wives. Rina brought them into the company, and now their bosses could not stop raving about how organized they were. Their company was now hiring more veterans and their spouses for this reason. "Maybe it could work," and Rosalie looked like she was giving it serious thought. "I don't know, but it seems out there to me," Rina's mouth had that look that Edward always wanted to kiss. No woman should have a pouty look that sexy looking, and she had no idea. The slight pout would appear when Rina was giving anything more than a second thought. "Get a small sample or something. I think it's crazy, too," said Leah, and then the whole table laughed. Edward missed what Emmett was saying to him. Emmett punched him in the arm and hissed instead, "Stop looking at Rina like that, you ass, and stop making that face." The look on Edward's face was one of desperate longing. Emmett noticed Edward was having trouble hiding his feelings for Rina. His baby brother was lucky no one was talking, and no one gossiped about how Edward sometimes looked at Rina when she wasn't looking. "So she is talking babies, and they will have three kids. I hate James Hunter, and that bastard knows I'm in love with Rina. He winked at me once, bastard." Edward went from sounding artificially happy to total defeat by the end of what he had to say. "Look, I don't have any advice to offer. You want what you want, but Rina is not leaving James and throwing away her marriage. For God's sake try dating again." Emmett sounded like he was begging. The last woman Edward dated ended up becoming a great friend to him. Tanya Denali ironically was now dating Riley. Edward knew he needed to stop. Rina was happy. It was time for him to get happy as well. Maybe a dating service could be the answer to finding his someone. At two pm, Jasper Whitlock called from the security desk into Edward's office, he needed to see two people up to his floor, and it was urgent. "Where is Rina Hunter? Is she with you or working with Emmett today?" He needed to know urgently. Jasper was a former military officer with blown out knees. He was introduced to Edward by James when Edward asked James if he knew anyone who could do security work. Edward and Emmett made Jasper their head of security. He was Leah's brother in law. His brother Peter was due back soon from service in Korea. Jasper had probably made a second phone call to his people, as he called them. Oh fuck, this can't be happening, thought Edward. Something has happened to James, how bad is it? James would not want Rina to be alone getting any bad news. At the office, Rina would have people and support if anything happened. James must have set up this notification. * "Rina is coordinating a project with Emmett and Bella for the upcoming meeting. She's in Emmett's office, and I'm heading over there as soon as I hang up the phone with you" Edward realized he was babbling out his words. "It's bad," and then Jasper hung up the phone. The trip over to Emmett's office would take no time. Edward and Emmett could have set up their urban planning business in a tower building. When they found this five-floor old office building they loved, they bought and refurbished it. Edward made it to Emmett side of the floor they both worked on in time to see the two uniformed men going into Emmett's office. Emmett's office was right near the elevator. Edward turned the corner in time to hear Rina crying over and over again, "No and not James, not my James, no!" She was crying this out and begging at the same time. Then her legs gave out, but she was still crying out for James as Emmett held her. Edward walked up and held Bella, who looked ready to collapse as well. Jasper was talking into his phone in the corner of the room. Leah and Rosalie came into the office at a run from the third floor. Emmett picked up Rina and put her on the waiting room couch. "Call Dad, Edward, call Dad! Is the nurse still in the building next door? Someone get her, see if she's in her office." Emmett asked in a now calmer voice. Leah ran out of the office. Rosalie was holding Rina's hand and trying to reach her with gentle words. Rina might need to be given something to calm her down or to help her with the shock she seemed to be experiencing. She was just moaning and talking incoherently. Their dad, Dr. Carlisle Cullen would be able to help. "I'm on it, and your dad is on the way." Jasper had been making phone call after phone call on his personal cell phone. Death and New Life The funeral was two weeks later at Arlington Cemetery. James was buried in the plot with his father Henry James and beside his grandfather Beau James Hunter. Rina was holding her mother in law's hand in hers. Alice Brandon Hunter would be staying with Rina for however long she needed or wanted to. Edward noticed a young man who seemed to be injured being wheeled away by a nurse before the end of the graveside service. One months after James' death Rina returned to work. "I can't focus like I need to, but I can do work. I'm tired of sitting at home crying. Alice is now working at Walter Reed part time. We'll be okay somehow." The next week Edward received a letter from James Hunter. It was delivered by a messenger instead of the regular mail. The letter was all James, and then the information Rina received from a lab one week later made perfect sense. Hello Edward, Long story short, if you're reading this letter, then you have already come back from my funeral service. You will get to know my Mom, and you will most likely be my baby's future father. I always felt sorry for you being in love with Rina, but I understood, she is easy to love. I honestly didn't know what to tell you, but I know you love her already, so I'm not worried. You're a good guy. My last mission is the reason; I decided to put some sperm on the side. I still want my kid, and I know that child will be a comfort to Rina and my Mom. I know you will be there for them. I feel hopeful about my baby. I know with time you will love my child too. Yes, this is the hardest letter I