FAGE 007 Title: Looking for Something Written for: AcrossTheSkyInStars Written By: itlnbrt Rating: T Summary/Prompt used: Couple connects again after several years apart at a mutual friend's wedding If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. www . fanfiction community /FAGE-007/93625/ Thanks to Tammy for her beta skills on this piece. "Okay, girls. Remember how to do everything?" The wedding planner bent down and went over the steps with the two little flower girls. She told them a few things, and then stood up and looked at me. "Follow the girls and the music. The steps are easy, one-two, one-two, one-two. Okay?" she asked, looking me in the eyes to ensure I understood. I nodded. "Yeah, I've got it." And I prayed that I did, because everyone here, including the wedding planner, knew how clumsy I was in high heels. As we stood there and waited, I took a peek behind me to catch the look on my sister's face. Our eyes met and she winked. I was so happy that there was no sign of fear or stress marring her features. This had been a long time coming for her, fifteen years to be exact. The music started and the doors swung wide open, giving us a view into the church. My head raised and I saw Jasper, my future brother-in-law, as he stood at the altar, craning his head for a glimpse of Alice. My heart stuttered for a moment, so happy for them, but also sad that I'd never have this. Jasper had been the best thing that could have happened to Alice, and me, too. He's loved her since she was ten and he was fifteen. If anyone deserved her, it was him. He'd been her best friend and protector since the day they met. I've even benefited from his strong arms when he and Alice held me together after the worst time in my life. So, when I made my way down the aisle to give my sister over to that man officially, I did it with so much love. The girls had begun to walk and sprinkle petals as they went. I waited my appointed time limit and began to do my one-two step. I prayed that my ankles didn't give out on me, or I didn't trip on something and fall flat on my face. The last thing I wanted to do was ruin Alice's special day and embarrass myself. I was doing great until I started to get swept away at how cute my little cousins looked tossing flowers. My eyes followed the petals as they fell from their chubby little fingers onto the white runner, and when I looked up, my eyes followed the curves of the deep, grainy woodwork of the pew straight into eyes I hadn't seen in almost fourteen years. A face that I never thought I'd see again, and one that sent me into a shocked stupor. And that was when I began to stumble and fall forward. My body lurched so fast, yet it felt like slow motion, because I couldn't control any of it. Just as I was about to land on top of one of the flower girls, I found myself encased in strong arms with my face against a hard as rock chest. Gasps echoed throughout the church and I took advantage of the shield, trying to recover with my pride. There was no need to see who caught me. My body remembered those arms, even though they were bigger, stronger, and older now. Hoping that my bouquet of flowers was not crushed, I used my free hand to push myself off him. He waited a moment to be sure I had recovered my balance, and then he stepped back into his pew. I positioned myself in the aisle, signaled the girls to continue, and one-two stepped my way to the alter without crying. It took every bit of strength and energy I had not to run out of there. One last look at Jasper before I took my place off to the side was all it took to see the apology in his eyes. He knew he was going to be here. The ceremony was beautiful and I used that as my excuse to release some of the tears I had been holding in. We went outside to take all of the obligatory wedding pictures and I tried my best to give them my brightest smile. And even though I knew I was falling short, Alice and Jasper didn't say anything. Nothing. Instead I was left with so many unanswered questions. It wasn't until the reception, after the bride and groom were announced, that they pulled me into a small private room. Alice hugged me so hard she crushed a few ribs, and Jasper had us both in his supportive hug. I felt myself shaking from the gut-wrenching sobs that were wracking my body. Too many emotions poured out, and I knew it was a mixture of seeing him again and losing Alice officially. I mean, I knew I wasn't losing her really, but she'd be starting her own family soon. She wouldn't have time to take care of her broken older sister anymore. And, I was okay with that. I didn't want her to waste her time on me anymore. The thing was, I'd really be alone. She's all I had, well, and Jasper. "Bella, listen. We didn't know he was coming. Jasper sent an invitation to his last known address, never expecting to get a reply. But a day before the RSVP cutoff, we got his card and decided not to say anything because, really, we hadn't even spoken to him in all these years. We didn't really expect him to show. I just … I just can't believe he's here," Alice explained. "She's right, Bella. He walked in right before the doors opened and you came out. I didn't have time to warn you or anything. I'm sorry." I pulled back and gave them a watery smile. "I just never thought this day would come. Everything was so final and absolute." Realizing I was keeping them away from the celebration, I decided I needed to man up. "Look, I'm sorry for ruining everything. Let me freshen up and I'll be right out. There's cake and dancing out there, and I wouldn't miss those for anything in the world." I pointed toward the reception hall. I kissed them both on their cheeks and turned to find the bathroom. In the restroom, I sat in one of the lounge chairs and took a few deep breaths. Trying to figure out how I was going to handle having him around all night, I decide to just bite the bullet. Although, I found that hard to do since my heart pounded away in my chest. There was no way to reconcile what he did to me so many years ago. The thought he could walk away as if I never existed and just show up here as if nothing ever happened made me sick to my stomach. I'd needed to clean my face and fix my makeup, before I could go out there. The only way to make this work was to act as if he wasn't here. Yeah, that was what I'd do. Nodding to pump myself up, I walked out of the bathroom with my head held high. The music swirled around the room, calming everyone. People sat at the tables talking and eating. Alice and Jasper made their way around the room, greeting and thanking all of their guests. I decided to take a seat and eat, because I knew I'd need my strength to get through this night. Not able to control myself, once I sat down, my eyes searched the room for Edward. I found him sitting at a table in back of the room with random people– you know, co-workers and new acquaintances. When I looked up to his face, he was looking at me. Instead of turning away, I stared him down. And then he gave it to me, his delicious cocky, dimpled smirk. There was no way I was going to let it get to me. He'd always been self-assured. Well, until the end, but other than that, he knew he was good-looking, intelligent, and more than liked by everyone. The person we all knew so well changed and became someone unrecognizable when his mother died. The worst part was he didn't allow us to stand by or support him. Instead, he retreated and withdrew, cutting all of us off. But his actions hurt me the most, no, he didn't just hurt me, he killed me. He ripped my heart out, stomped on it, and left without another word. Until now. That smirk of his may have showed a glimpse of who he used to be, but I could see he was different than when I saw him last. He sat tall and sure, but not cocky like his younger self. I couldn't figure it out, and I most likely wouldn't unless I spoke with him, which wasn't going to happen. Breaking eye contact and shaking myself out of the trance he had me under, I concentrated on my meal. Alice and Jasper came back to the table to eat and I was happy for the company. As soon as they sat, a server placed their plates in front of them. "How's the food?" asked Jasper. I looked past my sister to answer him. "It is fantastic. We told you not to worry when we went food tasting. This catering company is the best." I smiled. Alice was a perfectionist and wanted nothing short of the best of everything for their wedding. And I didn't blame her, because this was it for them. "I know. I shouldn't have even asked. So far everything has been perfection. The best part was saying 'I do' to the love of my life." He leaned into Alice and kissed her on the lips. I had to look away. Sometimes it hurt to see what they shared. It always brought up memories of Edward and me and what we shared once upon a time. "I need a drink. You guys want something?" I stood up and looked at the two lovebirds. They both shook their heads and lifted their full cups. I walked to the bar at the far side of the room. There was a small line, so I stood waiting patiently. A nice cold beer really sounded good. A six-pack would be better. I didn't get drunk often, but I deserved it that night. The goose bumps that rose up my spine shook me out of my internal musings. And although I knew who caused it, I wasn't prepared to feel his warm breath fan across my neck when he spoke. "You have grown up to be even more of a beauty than I remember you so long ago." I stiffened, hardened my eyes, and turned to look at him. "Well, thank you. I'm surprised you can even remember what I looked like at all. I mean, considering the fact you left fourteen years ago without so much as a word since then. Seriously, Edward. What are you doing here? Did you really think you could just waltz in here and pick up where you left off?" The words came out of me hard and low. He tilted his head to look at my face, processing my words. Then grabbed my arm to pull me out of the line so we weren't in the way. "Look, you're right. I've wanted to make contact with all of you for so long, but I just didn't know how. I know I didn't have a right to call you, but