A/N: Here it is. The fic everyone has been asking me for. This is a dead-on, no joke, full-fledged Perodite one-shot. Aphrodite looked through the mist at her favorite couple. "Percabeth" was, in her eyes, one of her greatest achievements. When she first met Percy Jackson, when he was only fourteen, she found his admiration flattering and his love for Annabeth Chase heart wrenchingly adorable. But now, as she looked at him, only six months after his victory against Gaea, still with his blonde-haired love, something was different. Something different about him. It was something she dare not admit to herself , let alone any others she could trust. She met the boy when he was the definition of a minor. But now, at nineteen years old, the Perseus she once knew was gone, and replaced by this man she almost could not recognize. This man, whom used to be the smallest of campers, now standing almost six feet tall. This man, whom used to be one of the weakest of heroes, now exuding power and skill. This man, who was once one of the frailest boys to ever set foot in Camp Half-Blood, now raw and built like her lover, the God of War. Perhaps he wasn't nearly as large, but his body certainly did not give off the impression of a child. Percy Jackson was not the boy she met five years ago. Percy Jackson had become quite the hunk . She then wondered to herself if her matchmaking skills were as unmatched as she had boasted. She would not go so far as to imply that Chase was unattractive; as the Goddess of Beauty she knew it when she saw it. But to her, even with her looks, she did not seem like the woman to be worthy of Jackson's stature. She belonged with a wiser, more collected man. Not this powerhouse. Then she thought again. Perseus was collected. That was his greatest strength: in his dormant state, he was friendly, kind, loving, and patient. But once any force dared to threaten the sanctity of his home, or the safety of someone he held dear, his eyes turned red and he would end whomever came to challenge him. The son of Poseidon was a remarkable dichotomy to the Olympians. In many ways, he was the most human of any of them…the most revered, idolized, respected…but then in another moment, he commanded tsunamis and brought Titans down to their knees with nothing but a t-shirt, pair of jeans, and a standard sword. At times she found it difficult to remind herself that he was a man and not a God. And also how fortunate her and her family were that he would never come to realize it. Her mind raced back to Annabeth. She knew it to be true, but found herself wishing it was not. That everyone and their mother would have to accept the fact that she was Percy's and Percy was hers. This meant that, despite her silent pleas for them not to, they would hold hands. They would kiss, they would cuddle, and they would… make love . If she told someone in confidence that she never imagined herself in the Athena spawn's place, she'd be a dirty rotten liar. And truthfully, who among her fellow Olympian women (and men) did not? Even that incessant virgin Goddess Artemis. Though she would deny Aphrodite the pleasure, she could not hide it forever. She too stole glances at the son of the sea. They all did. And why shouldn't they? What was ever wrong about looking and not touching? But that was what had Aphrodite in such a state of self-defeat. She looked, alright…and if she had half less of a better mind, she would not hesitate to touch. Or grab. Or— Her fantasies were cut short by the knock of her door. It was her son, Eros. Late, just as she had asked him not to be. "Hey, mom!" said the young God. Aphrodite stared coldly at him. "I told you to be home at a reasonable time, Eros," she scolded. "Where were you?" "I was just dropping in to see Psyche, mother. Nothing more." "It is always a visit paid to her, isn't it, mister? Every time you are late it is because of that woman. Let's see how well she fares without you while you're grounded !" God blinked. "You can't do that!" "I just did . To your room, child. A week with no friends or girlfriends." The God slumped forward toward the ground and trudged away. Red with anger, he vowed revenge on his mother for her unfair punishment. Then he thought for a moment, as he turned the corner. Aha! He thought. That sea spawn has caught her eye. But she'd never touch him. This arrow should fix that little problem. Let's see how well she does with a little dose of the love bug! The mischievous deity crept back and peeked out of the corner of the wall to ogle his mother mentally drooling over the young demigod. He drew back his bow as silently as he could, raised it to eye level, and whispered something in Greek. He then fired. When it hit her, she gasped, thinking it was merely a bug bite on her bum. Soon, however, she felt dizzy, as pink dust with the aroma of pomegranate rose into the air around her head. She looked forward at her misty view, and saw him. Percy Jackson . Her mind went wild and her chest tightened. I want. I want that. Gimme. Her subconscious chanted. Her son, still crouching behind the wall corner, snickered to himself, before running off to his room as if he had not just caused a mess of trouble. Percy was lying in bed, wiping the insides of his ears after his shower. Picking up his TV remote, he began flipping channels trying to find something good to watch before bed. The room was dark and the only light came from the flat screen, so he made sure to pop some popcorn and snuggle in bed with his blanket, getting comfortable. There was a flash, which at first he thought came from his television, before realizing it came from a Goddess…Aphrodite to be exact, who had teleported to his room, causing him to fall off his bed. THUD! "Oh, are you alright, Perseus?" said Aphrodite. "I'm fine, Lady Aphrodite," said the demigod, raising himself back up to his bed. "Is there something I can do for you?" Something you can do to me. Her mind teased, now further down the gutter than it was before. She hadn't rehearsed what to say when she arrived, and just stood in silence before Percy's pressing facial expression caused her to improvise. "No, I—I was just thinking maybe we could hang out? I need to talk to you." The demigod's face remained stoic. "You…want to hang out ?" The Goddess pushed her hair behind her ear and sat beside Percy, making sure not to sit too close and scare him off. "Look, I know I should just be honest with you," said she. Her soft tone did nothing for the demigod, who sat still and remained expressionless. He really was known for his lack of emotional understanding. She struggled to find the words. "I don't know why. I don't know how. But what I do know, is that I want you." Percy's eyebrow raised as he gripped his sheets, getting ready to jolt back. "I know that sounds weird, but," she began, "I don't know what's come over me. All I know is I can't stop thinking about you." "And, erm…" He struggled as well, clearing his throat and trying to keep his voice down. "What do you think about?" She pursed her lips in embarrassment. "About being with you." "Like, around me? Hanging out, like you said?" "In a bed, Percy. You know?" "…Watching Netflix?" She smacked his arm. "I think about us having sex , okay?" He indeed jolted back, and looked at her with a flushed face. His cheeks were blushed with rosy red, and he pulled his sheets in his arms as if covering his naked body. "Oh, wow!" he said in a whisper. "That's…wow! Uhm, okay…well, I do have a girlfriend." "I know," said Aphrodite. "But look, once I do it, I can forget about it, right? So you can just take off your pants and we'll get on with it—" "I'm not taking off anything!" Percy's voice was a hair over a whisper now, moving toward the windows to make sure no one was walking around, close enough to see the Love Goddess on his bed. "Look, I'm flattered and all, but I'm like, nineteen! You're a Goddess! I have Annabeth! We can't just—" She stood up in realization. "Wait, you're saying no?" "Of course I'm saying no!" She scoffed. "You don't get to say no to me." "Aphrodite, I'm not going to do that with you. I don't love you!" "I'm not saying you have to date me or anything, Jackson! Just one night so I can forget about this stupid urge, that's all!" He shook his head and pointed toward his door. She huffed and fixed her dress, before walking past his finger and walking through the exit. She turned to him menacingly and a portion of his resolve diminished at the sight of her ice cold stare. "I'll get what I want one way or another, Percy Jackson. Trust me." She had just thrown the fifth mirror at the wall in frustration. How dare that half-blood deny her advances? She knew a relationship was not practical, and she did not want one. After an ex-husband and a bloodthirsty boyfriend, she did not see the point in taking on a new long-term lover, no matter how "hot" he was. She only wished to let out her desires on him for one night, so she could put her feelings to rest. But she should have known his unshakable morals would not allow him to bed her so easily. Her mind immediately went to Apollo, who was famous for bedding all sorts of women in all sorts of way. Perhaps, maybe, he could have some advice on how to bed a man such as himself? She dialed his number on her phone and waited for a response; Apollo answered after only two rings. "What's up, Aph?" said the Sun God. "I need your help and I need it now." He chuckled over the phone. "Guy troubles, eh?" "How did you know?" "Why else would you want to talk to me?" She rolled her eyes but secretly agreed. Out of all the Gods and Goddesses on the Olympian council, Apollo was among the list of deities she rarely associated with, due to their similar personalities. "I don't know why, but dammit I'm so hot for Percy Jackson right now. It's killing me." The sun God paused over the phone, before bursting into uncontrollable laughter. "I figured this day would come!" he chortled. "And did you bed the bro, my dear?" She pursed her lips again. "No. He said no." "So you wanna know how to seduce him?" "I don't want to force anything on him, Apollo. I don't want this to be something rough and sloppy. Then what would be the point of doing it? If it's to quench my desires…" The sun God sighed. "Alright, Aph. This is far simpler for people like us than for those mortals trying to bed each other day in and day out. Just get him drunk! Disguise yourself as Annabeth! You know, Goddess stuff." Aphrodite thought to herself for a moment. It was not a terrible idea. The alcohol would lower his guard only slightly enough for her to weasel through, while the hangover would prevent his memory from holding her accountable. But wasn't this wrong? Then she thought to herself. Gods and Goddesses do