"It took five, ten, fifteen years for me to agree." -Mockingjay, Epilogue. -Five- I am running. Running as fast as I can, pushing people aside indiscriminately, blindly. I don't know what I'm running towards, only that I need to get there before it's too late. My legs and arms are pumping, burning with the strain, but no matter how hard I push, I can't seem to get any closer. Fire is everywhere, raining down from the sky, lighting on clothes and flesh alike. Screams fill the air in a haze of furious sound as I fight through the chaos to reach… what? Finally, I see her, a flash of her white uniform, a braid of shining, pale blond hair trailing behind her, pulling off her jacket as she runs. I see the familiar sight of her shirt that has come un-tucked from the pants of her uniform like a duck tail. I am screaming her name and fighting with all my might to push through the crowd, but it is like running on a conveyor belt; my feet and legs are moving, but the ground spins by beneath me, pulling me further and further away as the rest of the world stands still. Just as she has done every time before, she turns at the last moment at the sound of my voice, and I see her lips form around my name. I reach out a hand to her, hysterical tears pouring down my face, even though I know it is no use, screaming for her, begging for her to run. And the parachutes rain down around her and ignite, and the whole world is swallowed up with fire- "Katniss!" A familiar voice breaks through the pain; a firm, warm hand on each of my shoulders shakes me awake. My eyes snap open as an involuntary cry bursts from my lips. I see a flash of blonde hair and blue eyes above me, and for a moment, I think that I've done it; impossibly, I've reached Prim, and if I can only get her to run, maybe this time she'll make it- But there are no parachutes falling around us, and we are not in the City Circle. We are in my bed, in my house in Victor's Village, and it is Peeta who is hovering over me, his blue eyes wide and anxious, not Prim. Not my sister. My sister is lost. She is not here. She is gone forever. I close my eyes and feel the tears squeeze out from under my lashes. I draw a shuddering breath as Peeta lifts me up as easily as one would a child, his warm, strong arms encircling me and pulling me into his broad, solid chest. My arms go around his neck, one of my hands fisting in his hair as I fight against the fire that is searing behind my lids. If it hurts, he doesn't protest, just crushes me to him while I sob. I feel the bed shift beneath us and peek over Peeta's shoulder. There as he always is, is Buttercup, Prim's stupid cat. He curls up on the bed just out of reach, watching me watch him with his great yellow eyes boring into mine. He always seems to know when I dream of her, somehow, and when I do, he is always there. He's so old. One day soon, I will dream of Prim, and he won't be there to comfort me. I have seen so much death, so many human lives lost around me and at my hand. What is the death of one stupid cat to the Mockingjay? I don't know what I will do without him. Buttercup's gaze, combined with the pressure of Peeta's arms around me, the steady beat of his heart that I can feel through his chest pressed against mine, finally calms me. I pull back a little and Peeta loosens his grasp, pulling away just far enough to look into my eyes. He cups my face in his hands, wiping my tears away with his big thumbs. "Was it her?" he asks gently. I nod, fresh tears spilling onto my cheeks. He bends to kiss them away, his lips warm and feather soft against my skin. "The same as always," I say. "No matter how fast I run, I can't reach her, I can't save her." I let out a gasp, fighting back the sobs rising in my chest. "I couldn't save her." Peeta doesn't talk; he doesn't try to make me feel better . He just pulls me back down to the mattress and wraps himself around me, holding me together with the strength of his arms, the solidness of his body. I press my face into his chest, the heat of his body searing my skin. His fingers trace gentle patterns against my naked back, soothing touches as I am lulled back to sleep by the beating of his heart against my cheek. When I wake again, it is to Peeta's lips on that sensitive place tucked behind my left ear. Sunlight is streaming through the window, turning his hair golden in the warm light. His mouth is hot and wet against my skin as he makes his way down and across my throat. Gently he rolls me onto my back, his lips lighting on the hollow between my collar bones, sliding his body over mine. I glide my hands across the expanse of his broad, muscular back, up his neck and into his hair, knotting my fingers into his curls. I do not forget my dream. Prim is still dead; once again, I could not save her. But for now, Peeta is here and he loves me, and my body, at least, is alive, and I can focus on how it feels. How he feels, his growing hardness nestled between my bent legs. I arch myself against him, feeling him press against my wet, warm centre, and cry out. We move together, and he is everywhere, filling me, surrounding me, kissing and stroking me. He knows my body now, as he knows the rest of me, and we cry out together, tensing and shuddering, swallowing each others gasps of pleasure as each of us reaches climax. Afterwards, I stroke the sweat dampened curls from his forehead as his blue eyes stare into my grey ones. "Good morning," he whispers with his sweet, sincere smile that I know so well. "'Morning," I answer huskily. He doesn't ask me how I slept; he already knows. Our lovemaking kept the dream at bay for a short time, but now it is already weighing heavy on my mind. Without his lips on mine, without him filling me and caressing me, the pain and fear and fire is tingling at the edges of my consciousness again, as if I were still lost in the dream. Because today… today is the five year anniversary of Prim's death. The citizens of the new Panem have made this day a holiday, in remembrance of the Capitol children and Rebel medics who lost their lives five years ago, bringing about the end of the war. They call it Memorial Day; I call it my own personal hell. Peeta offers to stay home with me but I roll my eyes at him and force him to go. The bakery won't run itself and our friends and neighbors need food. Truth be told, I wish I could keep him home with me, but far be it for me to deny food to those like me who went hungry their whole lives. I haul myself out of bed and force myself to be useful. It is easier when I keep busy, when my mind has no reason to wander. I clean the house, wax my bowstrings and fix the fletching on some of my arrows. When my stomach growls, I fry up some bacon and eat it with Buttercup. I can't find it in myself to pretend to hate him today. Finally, I give in and dig out the memory book, flipping slowly through the pages that are warped with fallen tears. I'm careful not to let the dried primrose escape from where it is wedged in the binding. I stare at the picture that Peeta painted of her, and she stares back at me. He has captured everything about her; the sweet smile and guileless, caring eyes that hated for anyone or anything to be in pain. This is how Peeta finds me, my cheek resting on the kitchen table and the book propped up against the sugar bowl while I stare at her portrait emptily, with Buttercup curled up against my arm, watching me. He smiles sadly at the two of us. "You taking care of our girl, Buttercup?" he asks, scratching him behind his ear. Buttercup lets out a creaky meow and then starts purring, rubbing his face wantonly against Peeta's hand, quite unlike the crochety old tom that he is. He's exactly the same way with Peeta as he was with Prim, and I can't help but smile at the thought. "There's what I like to see," Peeta says in my ear, his voice low. A shiver runs down my spine but it's not unpleasant. He kisses me tenderly on my cheek and his warmth washes over me. I close my eyes and inhale the comforting smell of the goods he made that day, a smell that has become so familiar to me over these past five years that we have been back in Twelve. He leaves the room and returns with a sheet of paper from the library which has become his studio in the years since our return. He pulls out a chair and sits and while I watch curiously, he lays a fresh primrose on the paper, carefully folds the paper around it and tucks it into the book. He looks up at me, sees me watching him and smiles. "I saw it on my way home, on one of the bushes out back. This one just stood out to me and I wanted to give it to her." The smile that he gives me is so sweet and so sad that I pick my head up off the table and kiss him softly on the lips. Peeta smiles and goes to our pantry, rummaging around inside. "I'm going to start making dinner. I asked Haymitch to stop by; thought the old man would be desolate on his own on Memorial Day." I stand wearily, and Peeta starts to protest that he can do it himself. "It's better if I keep busy," I say shortly, and he nods in answer, handing me some vegetables to start chopping and I sit back down at the table with the cutting board and the knife he hands me. The door bangs open and Haymitch stumbles in. He practically falls into the seat next to me, and my nose wrinkles involuntarily at the wave of stink that rolls over me; liquor and unwashed man. "Morning, sweetheart," he sneers at me. He is very, very drunk, drunker than I've seen him in a long time. "It's almost evening, Haymitch," I retort. He snorts. "Whatever. Who cares? Same old stupid shit no matter the time." He eyes me caustically, helping himself to a glass of red wine from the bottle on the table. "Well, are you having a good Memorial day?" I can tell that by the harshness in his voice that he's had even more to drink than I suspected. It's a miracle that he made it to our house at all. I try to ignore him but the words sting. I stand up under the pretence of helping Peeta at the counter, and he wordlessly hands me a potato to peel. "Had much to drink today, Haymitch?" I shoot back at him. "None of your business. Not my mother." "Thank god," I mutter, and I see Peeta's mouth quirk up in a smile.