I suppress a shiver and stuff my hands into the pockets of my leather jacket. Should've brought gloves , I think. Or better yet, should've called a cab. I can see my breath, for Christ's sake. Teach me to try to walk home in the middle of the night in October. Not that it was my fault; I hadn't even wanted to go out with the guys tonight. I have to open the bakery tomorrow and I had a feeling I'd be feeling the late night and those few beers. 5 am comes mighty early. Suck it up, Mellark. I pull the hood of my sweatshirt up over my frozen ears. It's not so bad, really. I glance up at the night sky, hoping for a glimpse of the stars, but the city lights are just too bright, as always. A shrill scream breaks through the night- a woman's voice. It's not a normal sound of distress, but a feral, animal scream like that of an angry wildcat. Nevertheless, I find myself running towards the sound before I can decide what to do about it. I round the corner into a darkened alley between two buildings and what I see makes me stop dead in my tracks. Two huge men have cornered a woman. She is fighting back with the ferocity of a wild animal, lashing out with fists and feet, but she is tiny and it is clear that they are close to overpowering her. She is fast, but they are strong and they are angry. "HEY!" I shout, leaping forward into the fray. I tackle the first man, catching him in the middle of his back and throw him to the ground. He tries to get up but I smash my fist into his jaw and he stops struggling. The other man seizes me from behind, but it's almost laughable how easily I break his grasp. Years of being top of the school wrestling team once my brother left the school have left their mark. I spin around and punch him low in the stomach. His breath goes out with a whoosh, and my next swing connects square with his nose. He staggers backwards against a dumpster, trying to stem the gush of blood from his nose. "Get the fuck out of here!" I shout, taking another step towards him. He turns and stumbles off as fast as he can on unsteady legs and I clench my fists at my sides, fighting the urge to race after him and beat him into an incoherent, senseless pulp. His friend is still lying on the ground; he is breathing but I don't think he'll be getting up anytime soon. Breathing hard myself, I turn around to make sure their victim is okay. She's watching me with wary, guarded eyes. In the dim light from the street lamps on the other street, I can see that there's a bruise blooming around her left eye, and there is blood on her lip and below her nose. Her shirt is torn; it is clear what they had intended. Her hair has come loose from her braid from when one of her assailants tried to grab her and is tangled and wild around her fine boned face. Her braid…. Olive skin leached sallow by the street lamp and darkened by the blood on her face… and those eyes, even now staring back at me with defiance. I know this woman. I know her well. It's Katniss Everdeen. And she is beautiful. As beautiful now, dressed in soiled and torn clothes, hair dishevelled and face stained with blood, as when I last saw her at our high school graduation several years back. Then, she had been in a pretty dress with her hair pinned up and makeup artfully done (by someone else, I suspected, perhaps her sister Prim). And just like then, as I am every time I see her, I am a goner. "Katniss," I say, "It's me, Peeta Mellark. Do you remember me?" She glares at me from where she is leaning heavily up against the wall. "Of course I do." Her voice is raw from screaming. "Are you okay? Did they hurt you?" As soon as the words are out of my mouth, I kick myself mentally. What a stupid question. "I'm fine," she snaps. But as soon as the words are out of her mouth, she sags a little, slipping down the wall and struggling to remain proudly upright. I can see the color draining from her face. Without thinking, I bend and scoop her up before she can fall. In hind sight, this was maybe not the best idea, considering what just happened to her and the fact that the look in her eyes says that she's not entirely sure she shouldn't bite me. As it is, she stiffens but doesn't struggle. I doubt that she even weighs as much as one of the sacks of flour in the bakery. "I should take you to the emergency room," I say, "and we should call the cops." "No!" Her response is instantaneous and fervent. "I'm fine. No hospitals. No cops." "But you could have internal injuries," I protest, "broken bones… and you're definitely going to go into shock soon." "No, I'm fine. It's not bad, nothing broken. Just some bruises and some blood. My face is the worst." I'm still not sure. "Should I take you home? Your parents…" "NO!" she starts to struggle now, but she is pitifully weak. "Put me down! I can walk! I don't need your help!" But I refuse to put her down when it's clear that her adrenaline rush is wearing off and she won't have the strength to stand on her own. It's my turn to argue. "No. There's no way I'm letting you go. Let me at least get you cleaned up and get you something to eat." I can feel her bones beneath her thin clothes and she's starting to shiver. It occurs to me that her weakness is likely due to lack of nourishment, rather than injury. She is alarmingly thin. I wonder what happened to make the strong, healthy girl I remember into this tiny, broken waif of a woman. I don't know why she should trust me, but she does. Maybe because we knew each other from school, although we hadn't even said two words to each other. Maybe she doesn't have any other choice. I want to flag down a cab but she protests that she doesn't want anyone to see her in this state, and I agree, knowing that the blood and her weakness will cause questions. It's just a short distance to my apartment so I carry her down the quiet side streets. It's really frightening how easy it is to carry her. Years of working in my family's old fashioned bakery down town have made me strong, but it would still have been a challenge to carry her the distance, if not for the fact that she is very light. Too light. When we get to my apartment, she leans heavily against the door frame while I unlock the door, but I keep one arm around her waist to steady her as I do so. It is scary how tiny her waist is; I bet I could almost wrap all the way around it with just my two hands. I carry her into the apartment, kicking the door shut with my foot, and set her down on the couch. She is actively shivering now, whether from the cold or shock, I don't know. I grab the blanket off the back of the couch and tuck it as snugly around her as I can. I go to the bedroom and pull out my warmest sweatshirt; it'll be too big for her but at least it'll be clean and dry and warm. Back in the living room, I hand it to her. As she takes it wordlessly, I see blood under her fingernails. "You sure put up a fight," I say. She doesn't answer but her eyes snap up to glare at me suspiciously as if trying to decide if I'm making fun of her. "Put that on," I say, pointing to the sweater and then turning to the kitchen, "and I'll get some water and a wash cloth so you can clean up. I fill a pot with warm water and grab a cloth, and as an afterthought, a loaf of today's bread off the counter. When I return to the living room, I can see that she's changed into my sweatshirt and has the blanket draped over her legs. Her own filthy shirt and torn jeans are draped over the arm of the couch. My shirt is much too big for her and her hands are pulled up inside the sleeves like a child. Her eyes are big as she watches me come back in to the room. I try not to think about what she's wearing underneath- which is to say, almost nothing. She washes her hands in the pot, letting out an involuntary sigh of pleasure as her fingers begin to warm. She cleans the blood and grime from her long, bony hands and dries them on the towel I hand her. Her eyes go to the bread and I know she must be starving. "Go ahead," I say, pushing the loaf into her hands. "Sorry if it's not warm anymore, but it is fresh. I baked it today." "At your dad's bakery?" she asks. "You still work there?" I didn't even know she knew that. "Yep. I usually have Saturdays off but they were busy today and called me in. Eat!" She hesitates but then begins to tear pieces off with her hands, and before long she is eating ravenously, as if she can't help it. She stops partway through, though. "It's okay, you can eat it all. I've got lots," I assure her. She smiles a little sheepishly. "I can't." She puts a hand to her stomach. "I want to but I'm full." She must not have had a proper meal for a long time, to have shrunken her stomach so much. I take the loaf from her and put it on the table beside the couch. "Well, I'll leave it here in case you get hungry again in the night. And there's tons more food in the fridge if you need anything else. Help yourself." "Why are you helping me?" she asks suddenly. I blink at her, startled. "Because it's the right thing to do," I answer. "I couldn't let them hurt you." And for one other reason, of course. But I don't tell her that. "Why were you out there by yourself at night, anyway?" She shakes her head and I drop it. I guess it's none of my business anyway. But she is still watching me, her grey eyes locked on my blue ones. Caught in that steady gaze, I can feel my heart pounding harder and harder in my ears. She is so close to me, so broken and yet still so fierce. All I want to do is touch her. I reach out and take the cloth from the water and wring it out. I raise it up to her face and start to clean the blood that has dripped from her split lip down her chin. Instinctively, she jerks her head back, eyes wide and angry. "Sorry," I say, embarrassed, wondering what on earth made me think she might allow me to wash her. I hold out the cloth to her. "I'll let you do it." Slowly, still not taking her eyes from mine, she shakes her head. "It's okay," she says. "You can." She scoots over until she can lay down, curled into a tiny ball and resting her head on the arm of the couch. Gently, I clean the blood from her face with the cloth, dabbing first at her chin and then