BEFORE The day is bright and cool when I rise from my bed, dressing and slipping quietly from our little house so as not to wake my family. The street is filled with men and women off to start the morning shift in the coal mines . I nod to a few of them in greeting, knowing that I'm looking into the eyes of my own reflection if I make it through my last reaping. It is only days away now, looming on the horizon like a gathering storm. Two futures lay ahead of me, and one only marginally more desirable than the other. The fence is silent as it usually is, void of the hum of electricity that indicates it is live. Pushing the wire up, I slide through the loose section, brushing the dirt off my clothes on the other side. I retrieve my bow from its hiding spot and continue up the hill to our place, grabbing a handful of berries from the surrounding bushes before settling in to wait for Katniss. From my perch on the rock ledge I see her as soon as she breaks the tree line just a few minutes later. Her braid isn't visible but I know it's there, tucked up under that hunting cap, and her bow is clenched in her small hand like it's a part of her. "Hey, Catnip," I greet her with a grin as she comes up over the hill. "Hi Gale." The frown that normally creases her brow disappears behind a smile as wide as my own. I love her smile, all the more because I'm one of the only few people who ever gets to see it. She hops up to sit on the rock beside me, balancing her bow in her lap. "What do you want to do today?" I ask her, dropping some of the berries into her cupped hand. With her free hand she caresses the wood of her bow, worn smooth where her fingers wrap around it. She squints her eyes against the sun, looking up at the trees, gaging the wind. She's restless, eager, and I know what she'll suggest even before she speaks. "Let's hunt." My grin widens and I scoop my own bow off the rock beside me. "I was hoping you'd say that." We pad soundlessly through the woods, not speaking, comfortable in the easy silence we find together. It's easy out here, free, the only place we can be ourselves. We move like two parts of the same machine, scanning the trees and the ground automatically, each never interfering with the other. Suddenly Katniss stops, poised like a cat that's sighted its prey. I can't see what she's seen so I pause too, watching her, so as not to alert whatever it is to our presence. She slides an arrow out of her quiver with practiced, easy movements, as if she were born with her bow in her hand. When she draws, the string grazes her lip in a way that is almost sensual as she sights along the shaft of the arrow. I watch her small breasts rise and fall with her slow, even breaths, admire the recoil of her arm and the arch of her back as she releases. A smile touches her lips when she sees the arrow hit her target, and I feel my own mouth unconsciously mirror hers. I never used to feel this way about her. When we met, she was just a surly little girl with skinny arms in her daddy's jacket. Why would I pay any attention to her at all? There are plenty of pretty girls in Twelve, girls with smooth, soft skin that flushes under my fingers, corn silk hair, warm, rounded breasts and full, curving hips. Merchant girls who pretend to be proper but are really anything but, and Seam girls who eye me with hungry eyes, girls that I've taken to the slag heap and that I've flirted with and that I've had every which way from Sunday. Katniss is different. There aren't any girls like her. She's not pretty, at least not in the way that those other girls are, not soft or delicate or feminine. She's hard and strong and tough, with small breasts and narrow hips. She rarely smiles, and never outside the woods, and she doesn't flirt. But one day a few months ago, it hit me that despite all that, she's still the only one I really want. I can't believe it took me so long to notice, or maybe to realize that I was noticing. But now that I have, I can't stop. She moves forward to check her kill and I follow. She's taken down a nice big rabbit, the head of the arrow sunk deep into its eye. A perfect shot, none of the meat spoiled. I'm pretty good, but nothing like that. I'll be the first to admit it; she kicks my ass at hunting. "Nice one," I comment, and she grins, yanking the arrow from the kill and cleaning it on some moss. She stuffs the rabbit into her game bag and we move on. We bag a couple more squirrels, and our snares turn up a couple more rabbits. "Pretty good take," she comments as we split up the haul. "We should be able to make some good trades and still stock up. Just in case." Just in case. In case one- or both- of us is reaped. My smile twists into a grimace. "Good plan. Wouldn't want to leave our families with nothing if the Capitol kills us off," I retort. Katniss shoots me a sideways glance. "I don't know why you bother," she says, meaning my bitterness. I know she thinks my raging about the Capitol is pointless, but I can't help it. I hate them. Besides, who knows what I might blurt out in public if I didn't have the chance to let off steam in the woods? Wouldn't want any of the Peacekeepers to hear the things I have to say, oh no... Better to let it out here in the woods , where there's no one to hear me but Katniss and the birds. "I can't believe that you of all people don't understand," I throw back at her. "I do," she insists. "I just think you're wasting your breath. There's nothing we can do about it besides try to stay alive." There are some things we could do, run away, for instance. I wonder what it would be like, just her and me, alone in the woods, free to just be whatever we want. I think about that all the time, even though I know it's not possible. When I'm alone, I think about it altogether too much. I sigh. "Let's just go." We stash our gear and slide under the fence, Katniss' lithe form passing much more easily than mine under the gap. On the other side, she looks up at me, and I feel a flash of heat as her eyes meet mine. I wish, not for the first time, that I could take her in my arms and feel her taut little body against me, her lips on mine. Every day that we get closer to the reaping, I think about telling her how I feel. Maybe after, when I'm not feeling the pressure of the Capitol's axe pressing against my throat. Who knows what will happen? Both of our names are in the pot so many times, with all the tesserae we've had to take. I wonder if she's ever thought of me that way before, if she's thought about what it would be like to run away together; to be more than just hunting partners, like I have. Probably not. She's so oblivious, and never thinks about anything that's not going to help her make it to her next meal. It's one of the things I like about her, just one more thing that sets her apart from those other girls. Either way, I've missed my chance; her smile is already gone. The tension is back in her limbs and her face is closed off and guarded once more. Back to the real world. We make our rounds in the Hob, trading for as much as we can while still saving a good portion of our take for ourselves. We've got some salt saved at home that we traded for the last time we took down a deer, and I'm hoping we can salt and dry some of the meat so that it'll last longer. Again, just in case. We walk together back home to the Seam in silence. When we reach her house, she turns away to go up the front steps without a second glance. "Bye Gale," she says over her shoulder. "Say hi to Hazelle for me." "See you tomorrow, Catnip," I answer. And just like that, I'm on my own again. If we make it through the reaping next week, maybe I'll tell her how I feel. And then maybe one day, if the odds are in my favor, she'll be mine. AFTER I lie awake in our assigned compartment in the bunker, listening to the soft breathing of my family sleeping around me. Wrapped in the blanket that came in the pack from the Supply Station, I toss and turn on my thin mattress, trying to get comfortable without jostling my brothers who are laid out beside me. Finally I just give up and stare up at the ceiling, Peeta's words playing over and over again in my mind. "And you… in Thirteen… dead by morning!" Seven little words from the mouth of a madman and a splash of blood on Capitol tiles that threw all of this into motion, sent Katniss spiraling down into despair and sent us scurrying underground like rabbits. They all believed him. Katniss, Odair, Haymitch, even Coin and Boggs, they all just believed him with barely a question. I'd have been inclined to disagree, given Peeta's mental state but I was overruled. Good thing too, because I barely had time to get Prim and her stupid cat before the doors closed and the bombs began to fall. I wonder if Katniss is sleeping, how she's coping after seeing that. If it's weighing heavily on my mind, who knows what it's doing to her? I want to go to her and comfort her but I have no idea how. Things used to be so easy between us. She used to be herself with me, someone she couldn't be with anyone else. But this person, this version of Katniss that came back from her second Arena without Peeta, she's not my Catnip. I don't know her and she doesn't know me. I don't know what to say to her, what to do, how to comfort her when I'm certain that she longs for another set of arms. I'm staring blankly up at the ceiling when a shadow, barely visible in the darkness, slips past our compartment. It's Katniss, stalking quietly like a cat up and down the rows. She tiptoes past us, over to where Finnick Odair is nervously making knots by the dim light of his compartment. He looks half crazed as he fumbles with the rope, and I can't help but think that his madness makes him a better companion for Katniss right now. Jealousy surges up inside me, and I know it's not fair but I can't help it. There was a time when she never confided in anyone but me, and even then barely said anything at all. I guess that time is gone. The next day when they pull us out of the lineup to leave the bunker and take us to film some propos, I see them together again as he drops a sugar cube into her steaming mug of coffee. She catches me watching them and I look away hastily, trying to keep my unhappiness from showing