Hey, this is my first story so go a little easy on me. Hopefully this will be a good long story. And I hope you guys/girls can help by leaving a review and telling me what parts you liked and what parts you didn't like or thought I could improve. Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson. Zane's POV Hello, I'm Zane, Zane Blackwood. I'm, as weird as this is gonna sound, a half-blood. That means I'm half human and half God, weird, I know right. Anyway, this is my story, but where to begin? Oh wait, I know, the beginning. It was 2:48 am, that's right, AM. At least that's what it says on that gas station sign. Anyway, I'm just on a midnight stroll with my pet, Razor, didn't really have much of a choice though, I'm homeless. My mom died a few days ago, not only that, but I was kicked out of my school. seriously? Whatever, I didn't even like that school anyway, everyone always stared at me weird and, wait a second, this isn't the beginning. Let's start from where I got kicked out of school. It was just a regular Tduesday, I woke up at 4:42 am, I walked out of my bedroom and down our hallway then down the stairs, I then opened the front door and went outside. I breathed in the nice cool air. Night and cold, my two favorite things. I was standing there, just enjoying the quiet, when I heard the sound of rustling bushed to my right. I looked to where the sound came from and saw nothing. A few seconds later, I heard the sound again, curiosity got the best of me because I went to go investigate. After a little while I was at the bushes where I heard the noise, then, it made it again. I took a step back, and the thing that jumped out of the bushes was something I never expected... A bunny. That's right, a bunny. A dirty brownish colored, furry bunny. So instead of just standing there I decided to talk to it. "Hey there little guy, what are you doing in these bushes?" As soon as I said that, I heard rustling bushes again, except this time it was from the other side of the yard. I turned around and what I saw was something I would've never thought possible. A GIANT bunny, probably 5 or 6 feet tall, same color as the little bunny, but with a white tail and Crimson red eyes instead. The little bunny behind me hopped between my legs. As soon as the big bunny saw this, it got angry. And then I realized, that this big bunny is this little bunny's mother. The big bunny, we're gonna call it momma bunny from now on, charged me, and as soon as I realized what was happening, I was tackled into a tree. I looked up from my sitting position and saw momma bunny taking little bunny to the other side of the yard and putting him in the bushes. I got up from my sitting position to stand and then momma bunny turned to look at me, she charged again but I was ready for it, I rolled to my right, momma bunny charged head first into the tree, leaving her a little disoriented. I took this as my chance to try and get back inside, but when I was within a few feet of the front porch, I was tackled by momma bunny again, I hit yet another tree (we have lots of trees, and bushes, we live in a forest), and saw that momma bunny was ready to finish me off. I looked around and saw two gloves right underneath some bushes, I reached for them, then momma bunny charged, I grabbed one of the gloves and threw it at her, when the momma bunny saw the glove coming at her she let out a horrific screech and stopped dead in her tracks and fell down to try and miss the glove. She did, and she stared at it for a few seconds, just enough time for me to grab the other one, I stood up and yelled at her. "Hey! Are you a bunny? Or a scaredy cat!" She turned around to see me holding the other glove, she looked horrified to see it and ran away. I walked towards the other glove and picked it up, now that I had time to examine it, I saw that it was a leather glove, most of it was black but some of it looked like a brownish sort of color that made it look like it was worn out, it probably was really old, and it also had these really small black colored spikes coming out of the knuckles. "Huh, I was saved from a gigantic bunny by two, old, worn out leather gloves, can it get any stranger?" And as soon as I asked that question, the little bunny came out of the bushes, hopped towards me and nuzzled my foot. "Aw, your actually pretty cute." I picked up the bunny. "Your mom's a real piece of work, you know that?" When I said that, I swear it made a sound that sort of sounded like laughing. I pet the little bunny. "Hey, want me to adopt you? We can be friends." And as soon as I said that, I got sad. "I never really had a friend before, everyone thinks I'm a freak" I held the bunny closer to my face, and he licked my cheek a little with his small tongue. "Aw, thanks little guy, I'm taking that as a yes. Now, what should we name you? Spike? No. Fluffy? Eh, maybe. EREGON!" And when I shouted that, the little bunny must've gotten scared because he moved back a little. "Aw, I'm sorry, just a little excited I guess, haha. Anyway, back to the naming process, Rex? No." I started to walk inside still thinking of names for little bunny. I went to our kitchen and put the little bunny down on the table. After a while my mom came in. Her name's Lilia, she has long brown hair and greenish yellow eyes. She saw little bunny and said. "Zane, why is there a bunny on the kitchen table?" I replied. "Because, I went outside and saw this little guy, and I picked him up and then I saw the mother run off. And we can't just leave him out there, he'll probably die!" "Okay, okay, you can keep him" I smiled with that answer and said. "Thank you, and mom, do you want to help name him?" She looked at him and said. "Why not Razor" "Why Razor?" I asked. "Because, look what he's done to the table" she said pointing to the table where Razor was sitting, there were scratch marks all around him. "Oh, ha, well, instead of buying an actual razor, I could put him on my face and see if that works." She chuckled and said. "Okay, you can keep him, but make sure he doesn't shread up something else." I jumped and threw my fists in the air. "Yes!" I picked up Razor and held him close to my face and said. "Hear that boy? You can stay!" I walked to my mom and held Razor right in front of her face and Razor licked her nose. "Aww, that's so cute!" She said in a baby voice. Then my mom went to her bedroom to get ready for work so I went to my room to get ready for school. Sitting on the bed was Razor, I asked him. "Hey Razor, wanna come to school with me? But first we need to get you a cage just so you won't wander off" Razor's ears perked up and he hopped left to right really fast. "Haha, okay, I guess that's a yes" I picked up Razor and went outside, I was wearing a T-shirt that had the grim reaper riding a motorcycle, jeans, a pair of green/white/black running shoes, a hoodie, my brown leather jacket that had "American born" written on the back of it, and my back pack hung over my shoulder. I started to walk down our yard into a little path that lead to the city. After a few minutes of walking and talking to Razor, we arrived at the edge of the town, Middletown. I checked my watch, it was 5:47 am. "Yes! I'm pretty sure the pet store is open!" (sorry if this isn't true, I just need Zane to get the cage for now) and I walked down the side walk into a pet store, I looked to see a female clerk standing there, probably around 19 or 20, her name name tag had Allison written on it. I walked to the front desk and asked Allison. "Excuse me, do you have any cages I could buy for my bunny here?" She looked at Razor that I was holding in my hands and said. "Aww, sure, right this way" she walked towards the back of the store and I followed. I saw dog food, some bones, a few Guinea pigs, some toys, I saw a couple fish, and then I saw cages. "Thank you" she looked a me and smiled. "No problem" then she walked back to the front desk. I started to look for cages for Razor, I picked out a couple of cages but he always turned away when I showed them to him, finally, after a while, we found a cage that he agreed with. I took the cage and went to the front desk and put the cage on the counter. "Will that be all sir?" I chuckled a bit and said. "Sir? You know I'm 16." She blushed a tiny bit and said. "Sorry, that's what we're supposed to say. And even if we weren't, what was I supposed to say?" She asked staring at me. I replied. "Zane, you can call me Zane." I smiled and she blushed a little more and said. "Okay, Zane, will that be all?" "Yes it will Allison." She took the cage and scanned the bottom of it. "How did you know my name was Allison?" She asked, I looked at her and said. "It says it on your name tag." She blushed more and said. "Oh, right." I smiled at her and said. "And this is Razor" I said and held Razor up. She looked at him and asked. "Why'd you name him Razor?" "Because I found him earlier today and I took him inside my house since his mom ran off and put him on our kitchen table and then my mom came in and I told her how I found him and then asked her what I should name him and she said Razor because he scratched up the table when I wasn't looking." Allison laughed and said. "That's quite the story you got there. Do bunnies even have claws?" I looked at Razor and said. "I'm not sure actually, but he scratched up the table so he must have some." She then looked at Razor and said. "Yeah. Anyways, your total is 24.67." "Okay, but do you mind holding Razor while I get the money?" She held out her hands and said in a baby voice. "Aww, I'd love to hold that little sweetie." I then gave her Razor and got my wallet out of my jacket pocket, took out 25 dollars, and put the wallet back in my pocket. I then put the money on the counter and took Razor from her while she put the money in the cash register. She then said. "Here's your change si-Zane." She smiled and handed me 37 cents. "Thank you." I put the change in my jean pocket and grabbed the cage and walked out of the store. After walking for about half an hour, I