This year's festive dinner in honor of the new school year at the School of Sorcery and Magic Hogwarts passed in an atmosphere of excitement. The children heard rumors that this time they are waiting for something special, something unprecedented hitherto. But what exactly it will be, none of the students knew, except for the Slytherins who knew everything, thanks to Draco Malfoy and his father's connections. According to tradition almost the whole school gathered in the richly decorated Great Hall under the enchanted ceiling, which now displayed the starry sky. Four faculties sat at their desks, which were bursting with food and the teachers were at their desk in the center. Here, in addition to diligently cooked elves of luxury dishes, there were also alcoholic drinks. The huge Hagrid was sitting next to the tiny Professor Flitwick and constantly joking with a colleague, piercing his hand with a fork. Minerva McGonagall, Severus Snape and Professor Sprout kindly talked about something and director Albus Dumbledore was located in the middle of the table and silently smiled, waiting for everyone to get a little quiet to begin their welcome speech. After the attack of the Death Eaters on the Quidditch World Cup camp and the appearance in the sky as well as in the hands of former Voldemort Dark Mark's henchmen, the mood of the pupils and teachers was alarmed. Gryffindors understood that for the Boy Who Survived the decisive moment was approaching, and the fate of the entire magical world depends on its outcome. In the same time Slytherins were pleased with this circumstance hoping that their Lord reborn would end with Potter, but still worried no less than the rest but after all, many of their parents have betrayed the Dark Lord, and with his return, retribution can wait for them. But the rest of the faculties were on the side of Harry Potter, but they did not really want to participate in the war. Hermione was very worried about Harry and she knew that she would always support a friend, as she had done before, even if she had to risk her life. In her devotion to the Chosen One, she saw her destiny. But no less excitement she delivered and red-haired fellow Ron Weasley, who always chewed something and still behaved like a child. "Ron, stop eating! This is indecent before the celebration'. She slapped him on the side with her elbow. "I am hungry". The young man said with his mouthful mouth. "Once you can stand it!" Hermione was beside herself with anger. At that time, Harry was looking at the Zhou from Ravenclaw, who also looked stealthily and smiled at him. "I ask for silence!" Dumbledore got up and spread his hands and greeting the audience. The views of all the students turned to him. "The coming school year is unusual for our school, because in Hogwarts will be held a truly great event, originating from ancient times". The hall froze. "This year we have the honor to continue this tradition in our country but on the territory of the school will host the Tournament of Three Wizards!" "Wow! Cool ..." Rumble passed through the ranks but Slytherins, however, sat with quiet grins on their faces. Dumbledore explained the rules of the Tournament, and tore off the cover with the glowing blue light of the Cup and when he announced that only adults could participate in the competition, a wave of indignation swept across the hall. Ceasing to resent Weasley Twins already built in the head of the insidious plan of cheating the Goblet of Fire. "And now, let me introduce our distinguished guests who will take part in this great event!" The director began to read theatrically through a piece of paper. "This is charming ladies from the French Academy of Magic Sharmbutton and their director Madame Maxim!" In the hall came a line of Weyls in blue suits wagging their hips and led by a very tall woman. Ron Weasley's jaw dropped when they passed the Gryffindors. The Weyls performed an uncomplicated dance, and sat down at the table reserved for them. "And now, welcome our northern friends, the proud sons of Durmstrang and their mentor Igor Karkaroff!" The gates swung open, and the audience froze from the deafening appearance of a group of harsh guys in national shirts and accompanied by a tapping of staff on the floor, explosions of fireworks and Russian folk dances. Following their disciples, a gloomy man with a beard, burning black eyes and black-and-gray hair followed in the Hall. In his hands he had a staff with a golden knob, which he knocked at every step. This man was dressed in a white caftan with a sable, a fur hat and reminded for Hermione the Byzantine King of pictures in the book of Eastern Europe history, which she read as a child. Near to the instructor there were, apparently, two his favorite pupils including, it seams Quidditch champion Victor Krum. Russian boyar Karkaroff glared quickly round the tables around him. Maybe Hermione just imagined it but she shuddered when she felt his eyes flashing in her direction. She suddenly became terrible and a little uncomfortable because this look frightened her. "Albus!" "Igor!" Two old friends tightly embraced each other. Then the director of Durmstrang sat down at the table next to Professor Snape and by the way they exchanged glances, the impression was created that the magicians are familiar, and are not very friendly towards each other. "Hermione, can you eat now?" Ron's voice distracted the girl. She just noticed that she was staring at two gloomy professors dressed one in white and the other in black. "Yes, Ron ..." She answered absentmindedly. "Yes, now you can". Her voice became more severe. The dinner has begun and everyone in the Hall was busy talking about the upcoming event, and wondering what kind of tasks these were, from which not everyone returned... "Fire, water and brass pipes? Bullshit" Twins suggested. "You will not get anything, boys. Calm down but to participate, you must reach the appropriate age" Hermione cut off. "No problem". Fred and George concealed something illegal in their malicious smiles, and the Gryffindor captain grew righteous anger. Granger rolled her eyes for it. "You can not deceive such a wise wizard as Dumbledore, as well as the ancient Goblet of Fire, even you". "But the age range is possible". The Twins said in chorus and exchanged glances. … During the week, students of the school and guests threw papers with their names in the Cup, and waited anxiously for the ceremony of announcing the participants of the Tournament. The Twins were fiasco with their focus with the potion of aging, while, it is true, amused all youngsters. And in general, the week was not out of ordinary. At first the students were introduced to the new professor of the Protection from the Dark Arts Alastor Moody, who turned out to be very extensional in his teaching style, using unforgivable spells in the classroom. Then Harry again had a dream about Voldemort and this again rattled the whole school. The guests behaved generally benevolently, but they did not dare to place themselves in the Hogwarts apportions provided to them but girls from Sharmbutton spent the night in their flying carriage, which stood in the courtyard, near the Hagrid`s hut, and the representatives of Durmstrang went to their own ghost ship with golden domes, which was moored on the Black Lake. No one saw as it rose from under the water, so the students wondered where it could have come from and assumptions were the most impossible. There is left the one day until the moment when everyone will know the chosen by the Goblet of Fire. Hermione could not sleep last night but something was bothering her, although she was not aware of it. Therefore she preferred to go to the library for some book for easy reading to fall asleep in it buried her face. Dressed in a robe and crawling through the Portrait of the Full Lady, the Gryffindor went out into the dark castle space. She moved with a lighted stick along the corridors. Suddenly she heard someone's steps, and decided to listen. "Who goes to school at night and is not afraid of the ill-fated cat Filch? Really someone from the local does not know about her extraordinary scent...?» The girl went to the noise and noticed that the doors to the Great Hall were open. At this time the Goblet of Fire stood in the Hall and shining with a magical blue glow in the darkness, and attracted attention to itself. In the doorway, Granger discovered a male figure with long hair standing with her back in the light of the Goblet. She quickly made sure that the person is really not local, and she even realized who it is... Karkaroff turned sharply and met his gaze with the frightened little girl. His eyes shone in the dark and did not foretell anything good for her. Hermione turned away sharply, as if she had not noticed, and hurried off with a quick pace down the corridor. The director of Durmstrang swore softly, looked around the room with an alert look and closed the doors with his hands on which rings with precious stones glittered. … Finally, the long-awaited day for students arrived. "I saw that Karkaroff was coming into the Hall at night". Granger reported it to her friends in alarm as they walked down the corridor to the ceremony. "I wonder why...?" Harry thought for a moment. "Obviously, he has any bad intentions". Hermione concluded. "Why?" Harry asked. "Why should this suspicious dark magician sneak into the Hall at night, where is the Goblet of Fire. What do you think?" She was sure of the treacherous plans of Russian magician "Maybe he wants to steal it or cast a spell!" "Hmm... For what purpose does he need it?" "I do not know too... Maybe it's for his favorite Victor" Hermione did not know what Karkaroff was suspecting, but for some reason she had a great desire to look after him, for Harry's sake, again, although she was terribly afraid of this character. Friends went to the Great Hall and went inside where was a tense atmosphere. Representatives of magical schools were divided into three sectors. Leaders were close to their wards. As Madame Maxim sat next to Hagrid for they have become very friendly lately; Karkaroff stayed close to his beloved disciple Viktor Krum for the victory of which in the Tournament was put by Durmstrang and almost all bookmakers; Snape, Flitwick, McGonagall and other teachers stood in sheer excitement in front of the audience. Finally Dumbledore got up, spread his hands and asked for silence. He approached the Goblet and waved his magic wand. A burning piece of paper flew from the vessel and director caught it dramatically and said loudly: "The Champion of Durmstrang is Victor Krum!" Everyone turned to the Durmstrang table, and Hermione noticed that Karkaroff clenched his fist and strained something like "Yess!" through the terrible yellow teeth, slapping Victor's shoulder. Granger shuddered but she looked at him a little more. "What an unpleasant type ..." she thought to herself. "Yes, they are all there are some rough-hewn savages..." Meanwhile, the Cup spit out another piece of paper and Dumbledore again caught a burned scrap. "The Champion of Sharmbutton is Fleur de LaCourt!" There was applause of the French delegation and the flash of magic lights from the wands. The most exciting moment for the host has come. Who will be a participant from Hogwarts...? A third, last piece of paper flies out of the Goblet and Dumbledore again catches a message with an elegant gesture. "The Champion of Hogwarts is… Cedric Diggory!" There was a stormy ovation of the Halfpuffs and the whole school. The tall, pale boy shakes hands with his classmates and heads