[Hermione`s POV] My heart fallen down with despair when Neville goes to surrender. "It is not matter what Harry is dead…" He says "There people die everyday" - What are you talking about, Neville? You are Gryffindor, and we never don`t lose our hearts. – There is no limit to my perplexity on his behavior. "But he is alive in our hearts!" Longbottom add. - Yes! We not surrender and we stay on our places! – We rejoice. But the dead Harry`s body does not join us. He lay on the ground in cement dust and is silent. While everyone is distracted and speaking loudly, I scream "Neville, the sword!" He takes out a sword from Gryffindof`s hat and swings at the snake. She hisses and at the same time the bravest guy fall on the ground and scream with pain because Voldemort is stay over him with Cruciatus by his wand. The Dark magician`s face are vicious and haughty. - No! Neville could not… Now all is lost… He is still undead... – "Stop!" I scream that to stop boy`s pain. Neville loses consciousness, and Voldemort leans to pick up the Godric`s sword. You have not right to touch it… The Dark Lord turns to me and I shudder with fear. It is not good when he pay attention to me because his expression is very evil. He approaching to me slowly and now I began to tremble. "Who are you?" He asked almost near. "H..hermione" I answer without hesitation because there from him than power emanates, than you do not disobey. "I not understand" He said. I too not understand what he means. "Sorry?" I raise my eyes and meeting his. There is deep dark pandemonium in his holes and I can not to stay on my legs. But I fight to stand up. What happening with my legs? "I mean who are you by rank of magic world?" He asked mocking. I understand now that it is, but I can not to say that humiliating things. At same time I realize that now under the new government I will have to say this. "Muggle-blood I am" I say with the last effort to stand on my feet, which trembles. "The Mudblood rather" He said and from resentment I fall on my knees in front of his feet. "That your place, the mud" I'm insanely bitter and I look up at him with tears that rolling on my eyes. His figure blurred. At the second I feel his boot on my cheek and he sharply pushing my face in dust. I mean that now I will be arrested such all my friends and associates and I already is ready to our bitter fate. "Take it out here" He said. - What is? - And at the second I feel that same hands take me and pull me up and then me Apparated. The grim Voldemort`s figure in the dark-green mantle on the background with broken Hogwarts, that I see at the last moment at the place that became for me a native. … I find myself on the stone floor and here Dementors stay around. I realize where I am: It is Azkaban. I am criminal now and I will be judged. I am finished badly for my aspirations to do service to positive people that I knew from childhood I need to do but now I understand that it not need to no one. There in my head the unacceptable thinks appears that we were to use in the war with the wizards army superior to us by at times, but I don`t want to think this way because it will be means that a half of my life was meaningless, and I will be want to nullify myself and go back to childhood. No. I will in prison not in vain and I will go my way to the end and I don`t want to see that it will be terrible in future. I not rise my head on this dreadful creatures otherwise is despair will swallow me up, but they swim to me and I feel it. Their hands in scabs pull to me that to take off my clothes and change me into prison robe. I don`t want that they to touch me because I begin to pull of my jean jacket, top, jeans, sneakers is a simple Muggle`s clothes which is closer to me and nicer than luxury dresses what Pureblood wizards usually wears. Dementors wait when I undress and give me folded clean striped clothes with number 333. I am a half-fallen. I dress up the fresh things, and the guards take me by my shoulders and lead me to the dark corridor. There is a small wet room where a sick light from high-lying barred window, which illuminate bare plank bed and wooden table. In the stone wall of chamber the water tap is sticking out abdominal. The heavy door closes behind me and I am standing in this trap in loneliness. Suddenly, right now the panic is coming at me. Where all my friends and what with them now? Ron… I did not have time to say goodbye to him. Say goodbye? He will die? My throat is filled with tears. And may be he is here in Azkaban too and I would have time to see him on the court? This assumption is gave me a weak light of hope. And the rest; Ginny, Neville – oh pure Neville, he is probably already dead for his attempt… - Luna, Simus, Ron`s parents and brethren; Professors McGonagall, Slughorn, Flitwick… How I can to help them…? My helplessness already drives me crazy. … I don`t know how many time was passed because here is not cloak, but it about three hours and a weak light from barred window already began disappear. I seat on the bench and not move because of fear one side from that they kill me soon, but other side that they forgot about me here and I slowly die from hanger, staying the skeleton. Here perhaps are many of them in the neighboring cells. I almost heard something as howl. I straining meaning that it is my friends cry. But it may be only voices of prison`s walls. All the pain of former prisoners remained in this stones. Their souls separated by Dementors from their bodies are still moaning here. And it`s always here when you go to yourself sitting here. Then I stand up and shiver with terrible because by the wall in my cell the old skeleton laying which almost not visible because of cobweb and decomposition. I not noted him before and may be he not one here. Suddenly, now I recognize that all this filth on the floor in the chamber comprises from disintegrated human bones. The darkness is becoming in me and the claustrophobic began rise in my mind. I not see anything now. I need to sleep until the dawn but I could not asleep. I listen wall`s howl in hope to hear familiar voices but I can not discern. Suddenly, the howl is stop gradually as if they were afraid of something. What it may be? Here was a ringing darkness for the lot of time, and soon I recognize why. A weak light penetrate to my cell from the side of the door and my heart began to beat faster. It is open and there in the light from the magic wand Voldemort appear in front of my eyes. In my cell a dim light came on and the magician jerked towards me. There will be no trial. Here he is the judge and the prosecutor and the executioner. I jump from my place to the other side of the room and press to the wall, gazing at him with frustration. "Do you know why you`re here, scum, instead lay in rubbish dump together with your Potter?" He already near of me and take my throat with his hard cold hand. I don`t know that answer because I too not know why, and he says "Because you know where is the all Deadly Hallows. Where it is?" He beat me at my stomach with his boots and I bend down in pain. What he said? It is shock! "Answer me!" From which he knew of it? I should never tell him. The Deadly Hallows not should be get of him because it will make him really undead and all our victims will be vain. "It never helped to you" I saying "They helping only kind-hearted people… such Harry, who use it for good deals" I don`t believe in that I told, but I must lie anything. I only now recognize that he answered and that he wants to monopolize. It is absolutely power and force for him and I have to right saying to him about it. "You are laying, bitch!" Then he puts me another blow on the stomach. He pulling up my throat and gazes in my eyes trying to use Legilimensy. I try my best not to look into his sinister dark eyes, also because they remind me those scary aliens that I feared after watching TV in childhood. They not express anything besides gloomy evil. "To my regret, the old marasmus Albus has imposed a complex incantation of secrecy on all information about the Deadly Hallows that to unravel it can be only your damned trinity, and I can not to use Legilimensy for this. So you will tell me about them yourself, otherwise with you will be the same as with your friend Weasley" Ron? What with him? He knew about Deadly Hallows as many as I and I froze in terror. "He in the other cell and he alive so far because I not to end with him, and if he will does not tell me, I gutted your brains as I did with Berta. So, as Xenophilius Lovegood told me there is any fairy tail about three brothers and Deadly Hallows" Voldemort pulls out his pocket the silver chain and I recognize it. This is Xenophilius`s amulet that means the Deadly Hallows. What he did with Mr. Lovegood? "Did you know that it is?" I see at the amulet and then at Voldemort and stays silent. "Answer me when I asks, dirty Mudblood!" He cauterizes the end of his wand to my neck as the cigarette. I scream. "I don`t know…" I answer. "Your know it, rubbish. Crucio"! Hundreds of needles are digging into my body and I feel like I'm going to die. Rather be unconscious. He removes the spell and I coughing, laying on the floor. He will never stop. "So, as I found out that the Vertical Line in this sign means the Gryffindor`s sword and I already have it". I see on him with bewilderment, but I should not show him that I know something. "But I don`t know what means the other two signs: the Triangle and the Circle and where they hidden" I'm a little calmer that he was deceived about the Vertical Line. It is maybe Xenophilius invented about the sword, but it much better that if he would knew that it is the Elderly Wand that he really already have. He smile viciously with his ditty yellow teeth "Well, I not have the time to spend it on you so I'm leaving for now and will back tomorrow. Then we continue, and until it you must remember carefully where is that I asks you". Voldemort said and turned for the exit. He left and the taut darkness shallow me again. Ron… That this monster does with him if my friend will not to speak? I would not can to sleep and sit on the one place until I know that with him. I must to tell to not to give the information about Deadly Hallows. But how I may to talk with him? Here