After the last battle for Hogwarts, two months passed. Harry, Ron and Hermione calmed down and rested, feeling on the laurels of the winners of the war. Harry dreamed of working at the Aurora, and Mr. Weasley took care of the boy's future career. And Ron and the brains of their trinity as Hermione Granger were thinking about their upcoming wedding. "We do not have money for a limousine" Ron said "But only for our dresses and treats for guests. We will spend a holiday in the family circle and we will ride my father's car" Weasley's poverty was not the result of a lack of income because Arthur's salary in the Ministry of Magic allowed us to keep house cockroaches and do repairs in the spirit of all purebred families. Their poverty is a vice and first of all a vice of mentality because the love of the Muggles tied them to the way of life of their idols. There were a simple clothes, furniture and lack of manners at this family. Not like the Malfoys who remained aristocrats even after the fall of the Dark Lord, and were famous for the refinement that all the dark magicians who visited their house celebrated. Especially often they were visited by a good friend of Lucius and a former Death Eater Walden McNair, who newly hired as the executioner at Ministry of Magic now. Friends liked to drink good wine and share their thoughts about the abyss that the Magical World will have to fall into with the arrival of the new government. There were Muggles who will now have all the privileges as former members of the Voldemort`s army and Pureblooded wizards will gradually become less and less and then they will disappear altogether and no one and nothing can resist this. There sadness and hatred reflected on the elderly and tired Walden face`s and his pale blue eyes glistened wetly looking to nowhere. His right eye pierced by Neville during the battle at the Ministry was sick when tears came on it and saw almost nothing, therefore, McNair did not cry but he simply looked into the distance without blinking. … Molly Weasley liked to catch Muggle TV channels after her husband installed on the roof a kind of Muggle`s antenna from iron bars. There in the news of the criminal chronicle reported "In the south of the province of London, a number of attacks on local residents were noted. Now the investigation tends to the fact that the area is a maniac and the following frames may seem too cruel to many, so please remove the children, pregnant women and people with weak psyche from the screens" The television company showed a puddle of blood in which the severed hands, feet and heads of a man, a woman and a child were lying. "Arthur, did you hear that...?" Molly covered her mouth with her hand. The Muggle police could not understand how the killer manages to immobilize his victims because there no jabs or blows to the head was recorded and they seemed to lie under his axe. This maniac represented a big mystery for law enforcement agencies and they were afraid of him. … Hermione saw it on a different TV channel while she was with her parents. She was worried because that area was not far from her house. "Daughter, you'd better use Mr. Weasley's transport and better not walk along the dark street alone" Her mother warned her. "It is okay, Mom. I'm a witch and a sorceress that I can always stun any Muggle with a spell in a split second and he will not even understand what happened then erase his memory" Hermione smiled and kissed her mother. In September it got colder, and thick green trees slowly began to turn yellow. Through the fog, Hermione was tense, ready to pull out a magic weapon that was her magic wand. But the rumors about the maniac were not confirmed on her personal experience at this time, and she successfully reached the portal in the form of an old galosh, which transferred her to the Burrow. … "Girl, look at the horror in the streets" Molly pointed to the old wooden TV-set. "I know. I know ... It's just some kind of mad Muggle. The crazy, you know, now fall aggravation and all will calm down by the winter" Hermione said. … "Two more murders." Arthur reported "The girl and her mother was hacked off with an ax" There flashed a terrible image of the executioner, who, during their studies in the third year, had to execute the pet Buckbeak the Hippogriff suddenly in the head of Hermione, which greatly frightened her in childhood. - What was his name…? - Hermione tried to remember but this image quickly blurred and escaped from her consciousness. That night, Hermione slept badly for some reason and did she not want to use magic tools like a dream potion without dreams extra time to. Sad thoughts about the victims of the maniac were constantly coming to my mind. - It turns out that in the Muggle world there are variants of Voldemort and Muggles are not even more harmless than his crazy thugs - The girl had some bad apprehension. … "Tomorrow is an important Quidditch match, come with me!" Ron invited his bride. "Yes, that's a great idea and I have not appeared in the magical world for a long time" The girl answered with enthusiasm. … During the day Walden worked in Ministry, and in the evening he came to his house, where there was a huge warehouse of weapons, mostly axes and knives. There were Middle Ages`s magic rarities engraved with dark signs and processed by special black magic of blood. Who was making these things, not even their current owner fully knew, so he felt a special awe and respect for them. One and most huge, was his favourite and man who was almost blind to one eye, gazed intently at the smooth blade and carefully ran his finger along it, trying his sharpness. A small drop of blood appeared, it seemed, when he had not yet touched the gun "That's it," McNair thought. … In the morning the Weasley family and Hermione woke up and went to breakfast. Among the vast red family somehow it was not immediately possible to notice the absence of one or two of its members and even Molly sometimes missed her children. But now the empty chair, which should occupy Ron, caught Granger's attention. "Where's Ron? We must go to Quidditch today" "Probably he in the garage and can not at all admire the new design of my car, which I prepared for your wedding" Arthur said with a smile. It's been an hour and a half already, and the redheaded Gryffindor has not appeared. Hermione could not stand it and went looking for him in the garage. Quite unexpectedly, her foot stepped on something hard and the girl squealed. There on the grass lay the severed brush of someone's hand. Granger struck a wild horror and she was afraid to move on, not to see something more horrific, and rushed back. "Mr, Mrs. Weasley!" She screamed "There ... something terrible has happened… Ron" Ron`s mother dropped the plate, and it broke to smithereens. Then six men hurried to the garage. Hermione pointed to the limb lying here and Molly refused to believe that something irreparable had happened to her son. "He's here!" George cried. Ron Weasley lay behind the garage, unconscious and one hand was cut off from him and blood flowed into the earth. The guy was picked up and brought into the house. Hermione cried, realizing that now her fiance was a cripple. - Why did we become the ones who attracted the attention of the maniac? And why did Ron survive, and not turn into pieces of meat that are shown on TV? Some time later, the younger Weasley regained consciousness then he opened his eyes, still groaning in pain. "Ron, how are you?" The bride did not leave the guy. He lifted his severed hand and looked at her with horror. "Who was it, did you see him?" Hermione asked. "On it was a mask and black rags. I seem to remember him ..." Hermione put her hand over her mouth. She also remembered something "It's not a Muggle ..." "I've seen this terrible ax before ..." Ron added. Gryffindors realized that with this killer Muggle police just can not cope and it became even more frightening. There is a skillful and creepy dark magician ... The Executioner McNair. "How did you survive?" Hermione asked with tears. "I beat his Stupefy and he was scared to join me in magic battle, but before he apparate he managed to swing an axe and a terrible pain knocked me to the ground" The guy remembered with a shudder "I do not remember anything further ..." "I said that there are no former Death Eaters" Arthur reminded "They all have a broken mind and they have no place at the Ministry" "How am I going to play Quidditch now?" Ron cried. "Specialists of Saint Mungo, I know, can restore limbs, although it takes a long time" His father calmed him. "We should send him there, not Muggle hospital because we are wizards!" Hermione remembered. Yes, the clinic of St. Mungo, where Neville's parents are treated, where former Professor Lockhart is passing his days. There is a place for a maniac with an ax, but he is still walking freely, holding the whole city in awe. … Lucius guessed what his friend was doing, even though McNair was direct and did not tell him. Malfoy himself was far from the best opinion on the new policy aimed at a good relationship with the Muggle world, up to the borrowing of technology and ideas from them. Dislike of the Muggles was in his blood, and with this, even if he wanted, Lucius could not do anything, but to go kill them? Malfoy would not have had the courage to do it and he would not risk his already shaky position in the Magic World. Now that they do not have a leader, it's just insane to fighting windmills. But Walden is a real madman. Lucius was a bit jealous of him and he even felt jealous about the fact that such a person could easily lead a magic resistance, and for Malfoy there will always the role of a subordinate, who gets the most difficult tasks, following the example of the battle for Prophecy a couple of years ago. … Walden came to him drenched in the pouring rain. His clothes and thin hands had gore. McNair said that these are traces of his work in the ministry on catching and destroying dangerous magical creatures, but Malfoy only twisted his lips at it. "Do not make it up, Walden. I know what you're doing" The aristocrat said, sitting surrounded by his beloved white dogs and with a glass of whiskey in his hands "I heard rumors that the Ministry is aware of your adventures but you've reached out to the son of this Muggle-loving Arthur. McNair's face was somewhat embarrassed, but he felt the urge to say to his friend who had already guessed that it was true. The executioner chose the second. "He'll marry a Mudblood" He said in a hoarse voice. "Yes ... the famous Miss Granger. She's still a person, we've spoiled so many nerves ..." Lucius stretched and noticed tension in Walden's eyes "But do not you think you're taking too much risk?" "I do not need this job. Serving the Muggles, their geeks and other scum but this is not worthy of a veteran of the army of the Dark Lord" … "The Death Eaters have not disappeared. They became embittered and I surely he acts not alone" Arthur Weasley spoke at a