Harry Potter is dead. The Dark Lord defeated him in the second magical war and the remnants of the Order of the Phoenix lead to execution. The blockhead is not yet covered in blood, but black crows are already circling the crowd of dark magicians and their associated captives among them pupils and teachers who fought to the last moment: Professor McGonagall - a woman with gray hair developing in the wind, is so strong that she does not cry. She will not sink to tears before her enemies; Horace Slughorn - a man who sobs continuously and trembles with fear; Neville Longbottom - a wounded Gryffindor, vainly trying to kill Voldemort's snake, looks at one point in front of him; Ginny Weasley - who loved Harry so much that she no longer sees the point in life without him, is therefore completely ready for execution; Her brother Ron, quietly sobbing and trying not to look at what is happening; Hermione Granger – who desperately crying at fate for her friends. The girl still did not know what would happen next until she saw an awful nightmare from the memory of the days gone by in the square... She froze, with wide-open, tear-stained eyes, when the executioner Walden McNair emerged from the crowd of Death Eaters, the terrible man who had to execute the Bug of the Beak, and to whom the fearless three friends of the third year did not allow it. He was dressed, as then, in black clothes and a mask, and Hermione's horror from this recognition swept her from the first seconds. His huge ax reflected the slightest glint of light on this gloomy and gloomy day. McNair's hands were all in some kind of tattoo, and so thin that from shock, Granger thought about how it could lift such a heavy ax... Lord Voldemort uttered some kind of pretentious speech, and listing the death-defenders of the Order of the Phoenix began. McGonagall was the first to go to the scaffold. She looked apprehensively at Voldemort, then the executioner, and then collapsed to her knees and slowly laid her head on the stone. McNair raised the ax high above him, and Hermione screwed her eyes shut. No, she is not brave enough to look at it. "Ronald Weasley!" Voldemort said. Granger could no longer keep her eyes closed and hide from the cruel truth. Yes, she knew that the heads of her companions were lying around, with horror in their open eyes. And somewhere beside of it their decapitated bodies in huge puddles of blood. And it turned out. Next to her lay the redhead of Ginny, even further away from Neville, Seamus and her other classmates. And so, Ron joined their company. His bloody face with a dead expression was under Hermione's feet. "Hermione Granger!" "Forgive me, boys, for having lived longer than you ..." – The black raven flashed in the face of the girl, and sat down on her shoulder with a heavy load. "You are bird of the death. Soon you will be able to taste my blood." - Hermione went to the scaffold and looked into the eyes of the executioner McNair. It was a dull blue, and looked at her with a terrible cold gaze. Before the condemned girl sped away her whole life. Laying her head on the block, she noticed from the corner of her eye that the executioner was running a finger along the ax blade, whispering a spell with his lips. Granger did not know what it meant, and now she should be least interested in this. She closed her eyes. "One... Two" McNair Whispered. Hermione felt a cold blade on her neck and at the same instant fell into some kind of funnel. "This is a death?" Hermione's head separated from the body in a flat incision and rolled between the legs of people standing on the square. Now only four militiamen remained alive. Hermione`s POV. I'm falling on something solid. The world is spinning around. Probably, this is my head rolling on the ground ... I'll take my hands for it. The head is in place, and only a drop of blood remained on the finger of a thin cut on the neck. It can not be ... I look around. I'm torn up in a same room. I'm sitting on the floor. There are wooden walls, antique furniture of dark color, black curtains, and small bed with a dark veil. Everything is dark and gloomy, but clean enough. Here lives someone... "Hey, is anyone here ...?" In response silence. I see the closed door and I come up and pull the handle. I'm locked up. An hour passes. I sat down on the bed, unable to move from the questions that had fallen on me: Where am I? Why am I here? How did I end up here? I see before myself a shelf with some books and other objects. Perhaps this will give me an idea of whose room this is. Books of Dark Spells ... A Handbook on the Use of Torture Devices. What the fuck is that? On the shelf is also a cigarette case. This person smokes... Suddenly, a door lock snaps behind. The coldness makes me cold, and I turn around slowly. On the threshold stands the executioner McNair with an ax. I, probably, have gone mad and it is hallucinations, but I squeal at the sight of my nightmare. "I made a portal from the ax blade. When it touched you, you were in my house. Instead of you executed a boggart". He says, lowers the ax and leans the handle to the wall. I can not believe it... "For what…?" I have to die for my friends, and I was ready for it. But, it seems, the worst is just beginning. He takes off the mask. The face of a man who constantly sees death: emaciated, not young, with deep dark shadows under faded blue eyes, touched by insanity. Short dark hair frames the face. I remember him at the Ministry of Magic. Then he captured the Luna. But I did not know his name and did not remember the face of McNair, so I could not then connect the executioner of the Bug and this Death Eater in one person. He comes closer. I rest against the wall, already feeling how this bastard smells of blood and death. "I remembered you then, in the ninety-third. You were worried about the fate of the hippocriff, and you left me a daring look in response to my polite smile. It's still in front of my eyes, little bitch". It is incredible. I also remembered him as my childhood nightmare, which sometimes, when I did not sleep well, I remembered him, hiding under the blanket. "I can not forget you face, and I can not kill you until you change the expression of your puppet face." He is already very close and stretches his bloody hands to me. No ... I'm sick. "There, in the ministry, I confused you with another girl, and when I realized that I took the wrong one, it was already late. I wanted to catch you". He takes my face with his hands in leather gloves without his fingers, smooth from the constant friction of the ax grip. "And look into your eyes when you will beg your friend to give a prophecy, and beg me to leave you alive ..." He leans to my neck and holds his tongue over the scar left by his ax gathers the remaining blood with his lips. What does this psychopath want? Cold runs through my skin where his saliva is. In my eyes it becomes turbid with its smell and viscous touch. I'm scared of what might happen next. There are several options, one of which is brutal punishment with dismemberment. It would have been better if he cut off my head on the block. It's much more painless. But he seems to have other plans. McNair pushes me to himself for my back. Not strong. He is weak and very thin. How does he hold an ax...? I look into the murky eyes of the murderer, and I do not want to live from the perspective that opens before me. On the one hand, I am horrified by the realization that all this time, since the third year, one of the most terrible Death Eaters was thinking about me. But on the other hand, I knew from the very childhood that I always needed someone. It can not be such that one day all my friends and relatives disappear, and I was face to face with death. And now, when at last I was completely alone, death itself came to my aid. "They'll tear your head off when they find out what you've done ..." I say beside McNair's face. "Don`t care ..." He's really mad. His lips touch mine. The man who chopped the heads of my dear people left me alive to make me unhappy. I have no choice. I answer him, I can not do otherwise but I will suffocate from the smell of death that enveloped me. It's so crazy, and at the same time gently, long, slowly and wet. And, no matter how terrible it was to be aware of it, that's right. He was the first man to pay attention to me. That's why I could not get him out of my head for a long time. Though it would seem monstrous, realize it then. I embrace his thin shoulders in cool black clothes soaked in blood. We have nowhere to hurry. We already reached the final line and crossed it. Time stopped and death with a scythe and an hourglass left to smoke. The feeling that says that it is too late to retreat is spreading through my body. It is given by a tight pain in the lower part of the trunk. My head is enveloped by a fog, and it would be desirable to be pressed more strongly into a body of the man. It's scary for me but I did not have this with Ron. I need to forget Ron. His head rolled to the foot of Hogwarts, and now I kiss the man who cut it off. Remembering a red-haired friend after that is an insult to his memory. "What's your name?" I realize that I do not remember his name, only a surname. "Walden I am. Walden McNair". His voice was husky. "Walden, I can not more... I'm going to throw up now" I feel that I lose consciousness from the smell of blood and corpses. And if he does not remove this rubbish, and does not disinfect himself, I will poison myself. I take the fingers of the edge of his torn mantle, afraid to imagine how many people it's soaked with blood. And I am not far from pure too after wandering through the forest, battles and detention. "I was just about to offer you a bath." He takes me by the hand into the corridor. His house is afraid me of darkness. "Lumos" Light from McNair's magic wand illuminates a small tiled room with a rusty bathtub and an iron shower. A liquid begins to flow from it, from which steam is emitted. Walden takes off a tattered cloak, while remaining in a black robe tied over his belt, and again pulls his hands in the gloves of the executioner to me, trying to remove my denim jacket. "Ah, that I'm being ceremonious ...?" One stroke with a magic wand, and all the clothes on me disappear. I squeal with surprise and shame, and I sit down on the floor. "You're a beautiful baby. Do not be embarrassed by me but I have seen many things in my life". I know I'm ugly. No man called me beautiful, and would`t want me somewhen but I have a wicked figure,