Chapter 1 "Peeta, I'm back! Haymitch sends his love and affection!" I yell into the empty air. Yes so maybe Haymitch was right and my actions were irrational, but what was I supposed to do? Peeta's been keeping secrets lately, and if he really wanted to repair what Snow damaged he has a funny way of showing it. I look down at the half empty glass bottle of white liquor I swiped from Haymitch, gripped tight in my hands. Why had we fought? Why has Haymitch been the one I seek wisdom and comfort from when it should obviously be Peeta? Peeta, so damaged and changed. My baker, my star-crossed lover, the boy with the bread. The sound of an animal dying breaks into my thoughts and I look down and find an ugly smashed furry orange face staring up at me. I'm about to threaten it when I remember that this cats ownership and protectiveness has been handed over to me. I kneel down, "Here Buttercup," he hisses softly and then trots toward me. I pick him up and head down the hall into the living space and find myself sitting in front of the fire place stroking the tabby cats head thinking about the early morning. It wasn't a new nightmare. I was just surprised to be having one. The tribute mutts were after me and Peeta back in the arena. We were running towards the Cornucopia which seemed so close but never got any closer. Any trees around us would start oozing blood until they would be completely covered in it. The blood would find its way to the ground and turn into a wispy thick fog encircling the mutts disintegrating them as it moves in a path with tendrils reaching for me and Peeta. My breath at this point has become labored and Peeta has fallen behind because of his leg. The blood go is getting closer and I hear my name being screamed at me from all directions, in pain, in hisses, in outrage, and in adoration. The Cornucopia is just ahead and I've reached and almost start to climb when I hear a sharp cry from behind. I turn and see Peeta, "They must have their victor." He says. And then the blood fog consumes him and the cannon fires. I had woken up sweating. Peeta wasn't there and I had realized the loud cannon sound had not just happened in my nightmare. Fear gripped me and after untangling myself from the covers I raced down the steps. The kitchen light was on, and someone was inside it. I walked the rest of the way using my hunter tread and when I reached the doorway I stopped. Peeta was at the kitchen table bent over something completely absorbed. I crossed my arms and leaned against the doorframe. "Peeta?" I asked softly. Peeta jumps and falls out of his chair knocking it over. He sits on the floor for a moment stunned and I glimpse what he was working on, but immediately my attention is turned back to him. "Don't do that!" he snaps as he gets up and picks up his chair and slams it down. I'm shocked and jump back. Peeta's anger recedes slightly and he takes a deep breath. "I'm sorry. Just don't do that." "I heard a loud bang and you weren't there, what are you doing up so late Peeta?" He kept my gaze then looked back to the table; I could tell now what it was. It was an unfinished basket. Why is he weaving a basket? "Peeta, you need to sleep." Peeta turns back to the basket. I bite my lip and take a step toward him, knowing he's made up his mind he's staying up, and I know I can't go back to sleep, not without him. "Peeta?" He's started weaving again but he grunts acknowledgment. "Do you want me to stay?" I pause he says nothing. "Do you want me to go?" Nothing. "Because I don't want to." I whisper remembering the nightmare. "Nothing's holding you here Katniss, if you want to leave, leave." My head snaps up. "What?" "You obviously don't want to be here, so go. Go back to bed." What? Of course I want to be here! "I can't sleep. I think I'll just go for a walk, or see if Haymitch needs any more liquor." Peeta stops for a second and looks up with a small smile. "Give my best to Haymitch." "I will." I say crestfallen and before anything else can happen I turn on my heels and run down the hall and rush out the door into the crisp night air desperate to get out. My first instinct is to head to the woods, but that would mean going by the meadow and it's still not recovered from being dug up and used as the grave for the dead of District 12 so at night it would be eerily unbearable. So the woods were out. I told Peeta I'd go check on Haymitch, but he's probably to drunk or passed out to acknowledge anything. I slow at the end of the victor village's road and look back at the house. I can see the glow of the kitchen light. What just happened? Something tells me some of that Peeta, was Hijacked Peeta. Suddenly I realize I'm moving again, towards Haymitch's. I don't know what I expect to find there, but I here I am, on his porch knocking and yelling his name. Then I wait and after a little while I hear stumbling and cursing and then the door opens and I find myself staring at a drunk, probably was asleep, bloodshot eyed, scowling, untidy Haymitch, bottle in hand. "Is your goal trying to wake up the whole damn District sweetheart?" he snaps taking a swig and scowling. "No, just you, or were you not sleeping?" I say noting the bottle. "I was." He says defensively. "What do you want sweetheart?" "Peeta sends his love and affection." I say. "Ah, Peeta, I always loved that boy." Drinks. "Is that all." "I was out and I came to see if you needed more liquor." Haymitch stops and looks at me. Even in his drunken state I know he sees through me. "No, I don't." He says, then as an afterthought. "You should be home in bed Katniss." I shake my head and a cold breeze nips at my bare skin causing me to shiver involuntary. Haymitch rolls his eyes and carefully steps back so as not to fall. "Get in." I hesitate. Haymitch tips the bottle up and stands and waits. I scowl at him and stomp past him into the dim littered hall. Haymitch slams the door behind me and stumbles past me into the kitchen. All victor houses are laid out the same, the only thing that makes this one Haymitch's is the mess, which Gale's mother isn't here to clean up anymore. Gale. Who doesn't talk to me, or see me, has cut me from his life. The woods sometimes send me into a crying fit because of him, but that still doesn't stop me from hunting. Often I'd come back from a hunt and find Peeta waiting to comfort me; often I'd find him needing a short game of Real or Not Real. "Having troubles in paradise sweetheart?" Haymitch asks cutting into my thoughts as he plops down a fresh bottle and pops the top. Mine and Peeta's lives are far from paradise and he knows it and this almost is just enough to make me leave when he looks up apologetically and says quickly. "I am." I'm brought up short. Haymitch? Haymitch in love? Somehow thinking Haymitch has a love life is almost as impossible as Snow coming back from the dead. "Effie left for the Capitol two days ago without a word." Effie? Effie and Haymitch? Sure Effie's been around a lot lately, but I just thought she was trying to keep Haymitch from drinking himself to death, which I'm sure was her primary intention. He'd been sobering up and we'd known it was her doing, I didn't like it, I always thought Haymitch was in better moods drunk, but I never put two and two together. Haymitch reached behind him and grabbed a clean looking glass and placed it beside the bottle and poured neatly half the bottle into it, then he just looked at it like he was deciding whether to drink it or not. "Seriously, shouldn't you be with Peeta?" "I told him I was going for a walk and to check on you." He looks up. "That's not an answer sweetheart," he says. I lock eyes with Haymitch and know if there was anyone left, because sadly he is the only one left, it's him to talk to. "Peeta and I fought, or at least he kicked me out for the moment. But I think it was the other Peeta because he was really angry for no reason. All I'd ask was what had made that loud noise and what he was doing up so late. Then he took something I said the wrong way Haymitch and told me to leave. He was the other Peeta completely until I mentioned you and for a second he was Peeta again." The whole I talked Haymitch never took a drink and after I finished he didn't say a word. I wondered if he was trying to make sense of what I said like I was. I waited though, but he just sat there. Anger boiled in me and I picked up the bottle and shoved it towards him making it tip and almost spill. He caught as it slid. "Get a drink in your hand you look like a ridiculous idiot without it!" I snap. Haymitch blinks at the bottle in his hand and then picks it up and drinks from it. "Thanks sweetheart." I start to reach for the glass of already poured white liquor but Haymitch is already dragging it back towards him. "What do you think you're doing sweetheart?" I scowl at him daring him to challenge me and he smiles. "You wanna know my opinion?" "Not really." "You're running just like you've always done. Only not sure why you chose to run to the drunk." He takes another drink. "Give me the glass Haymitch." "Sorry sweetheart, you can't drink your problems away, look at me, I'm still stuck with you." Even though Haymitch was just joking, it hurt. "I'm sorry we burden you." He rolls his eyes. "Katniss, you and Peeta have been through hell and back, one stupid fight should not send you running, it was irrational," he pauses. "Unless there's more?" He asks raising an eyebrow. I hesitate. Should I tell him about Peeta, about the nightmare, the noise and the basket? Maybe just about Peeta. "I'm worried about Peeta. I think he's slipping." Haymitch, about to take a drink, lowers the bottle from his lips and sets it down giving his full attention to me. "Explain yourself Katniss. Slipping how?" "Haymitch," a lump's formed in my throat and I have to clear it to continue. "I'm finding it harder each time to bring him back from his hijack attacks. Last time I had to use the dart Dr. Aurelius gave me. Haymitch, I'm worried that-I'm worried I won't be able to bring him back next time." I've caught Haymitch off guard opening up to him without him having to drag anything out of me, but he recovers quickly and he comes around the table and despite my protests smothers me in his drunken stench. "Don't worry Katniss, you and I made a deal remember? As far as I'm concerned that deal isn't over till Peeta's back." And Haymitch continued to hold me and if it wasn't for the smell of white liquor and an unwashed human with the smell of vomit, I could almost imagine myself