Bronaer woke up in her in Lothlorei bedroom. Her sister, Aelar stood out by the window. Her dark hair flew in the breeze. "Today is the day, isn't it?" She asked, "It's the day we go to Mirkwood." Her sister nodded, it was. "Im gosta*, Aelar. Im gosta for our futures. I don't want us to be separated." Bronaer's long, wavy brown hair fell to her waist as she got up. They were twins who were closer to each other than anybody. "Do you think that maybe it was fate that we're both subservient?" Aelar asked. There were two types of elves, the dominant and the subservient. All this was completely randomly determined. The elves all journeyed to another city at a point in their lives. They would be claimed by a dominant elf. "I hope you are chosen by a good man, Aelar." Bronaer said as she started packing her things to go to Mirkwood. "As do I," She turned to Bronaer, "You too deserve a good man." Bronaer blushed and her thoughts turned to the handsome young man she'd met not too long ago. 'He probably doesn't even remember me,' she thought. She was standing outside when she saw him. He had blue eyes and long blond hair. She was immediately taken with him. She took the water from one of the nearby creeks she collected and brought it to the warriors. "Lady Galadriel has asked me to take care of your needs while you are staying in Lothlorei." She smiled. There was a human, four hobbits, a dwarf, and an elf. "Estannen* Bronaer. If you need me at any point in your stay just say my name and I shall be there." She left and thought she felt the eyes of the elf man on her as she exited. "Badhor, my brother. I do not wish to leave to Mirkwood. Im gosta for our future. I do not wish to be separated from you, Aelar, Ceredir, or Dagnir. You are my family." Bronaer had three brothers and one twin sister. Badhor was a judge for the court, Ceredir was a crafter of fine elvish jewelry and Dagnir was a warrior. "Little One, you must. It is your fate. Hebo estel.*" Bronaer sighed, "I fear for the future, what if I am chosen by a man who is bad to me?" Dagnir came behind her and tousled her hair, "You have three older brothers, Little One. Whoever chooses you will never harm a hair on your head." Bronaer smiled and hugged her brothers, thanking them for their encouraging words. "Aelar was always more fearless than I. What if I am not chosen? I do not want to be alone…" "You will be chosen, Bronaer, you are one of the fairest of the elves in all of Middle-Earth." Bronaer blushed and felt ready for her journey. She donned a dark green travelling gown and stepped into the mild spring weather. "Aelar? Do you have your belongings ready?" She asked as they met up and saddled their horses. Aelar nodded sadly and Bronaer was certain that her melancholy mood was due to her love for another docile elf. Bronaer had never met him but knew that Faron was important to her. "Aelar," Bronaer looked upon her sister with concern, "Why have you not run away with Faron?" Tears came to her eyes and she looked away. "Faron has found another…" oh… Bronaer looked upon sister. "Aelar, you must move on. Two elves of the same caliber cannot be together in that way." Aelar knew this was true but it still hurt her. She thought she would be with Faron forever. She closed her eyes and came to think that maybe journeying to Mirkwood would be good for her. Bronaer reminisced about what time she spent with the marauders of the ring whilst they rested in Lothlorei. Legolas, the elf was charming in her opinion. She admired him. With each passing day she spent with them she began to have a crush on the elf. "Bronaer," She jumped upon hearing her name. "Oh, you scared the life out of me, My Lord." She struggled to catch her breath and smiled. "There is no need to address me so formally. Call me Legolas." Bronaer blushed and nodded as she mended a cloak from one of the Halflings. "Tell me, what is it like in Mirkwood?" She asked. "It used to be called Greenwood long before I was born. It is... hard to explain in words. Bronaer, my heart would sing if you would come to Mirkwood." "I am to journey there soon after the war over the One Ring has ceased. It is nearly time for my claiming." She said as she looked up at him. "I fear that I will be chosen by a man who will not treat me well." Lost in her thoughts she did not hear him tell her that he could not let that happen. She kept tending to the walkers, knowing that one day soon they would leave. Bronaer wished she could be a warrior like Dagnir was. She wanted to fight with Legolas. Alas there was no way that could happen. Haldir, a good friend of her deceased father was made to promise that neither of his girls would become warriors. As the women from Lothlorei set up camp for the night Bronaer's thoughts wondered to Legolas. She knew not that he was the prince of Mirkwood for she was kept in the dark about the happenings outside the city she was born in. Her journey to Mirkwood was the first time she was allowed out of the city. Dagnir was among the warriors protecting and leading the elves in their time of choosing. "Brother," She looked down sheepishly, "I have never been outside of the city and im gosta. May I stay with you for tonight?" With a smile and a welcoming hug Dagnir set up his things near Aelar and Bronaer's. She lay awake that night mulling over how the choosing would go. If she was not chosen then she would go back to Mirkwood the next year and this would go on until she became too old. She thought of Legolas and the time they spent together in Lothlorei. She stood on a balcony watching the sun rise. She felt perfectly content in Lothlorei. Her thoughts had never one ventured to leaving the city. "Bronaer, would you consider coming to visit after the war is over," asked Legolas. "Of course, my friend. After all I would hate for our relationship to dissolve over the trivial issue of distance." She smiled and saw him smile too. "If my brothers forbid me then we shall see each other this next year when I venture back to Mirkwood for the choosing." He looked at her quizzically. "Do you really believe that no one will choose you? You are the fairest of all elves in all of Middle-Earth, the loveliest woman in all the land." He cupped her cheek and she blushed. Many a man had told her that. It seemed to be a title she had gained since her early ages when she was just starting to bloom into a young woman. "Do you truly believe this, or are you quoting the others," She asked with a slight smile gracing her pale lips. "I do truly believe you are the fairest, fairer than Lady Galadriel herself." "You must not truly believe that." She said in disbelief. "But I do, one day; perhaps the Prince of Mirkwood himself will claim you." Not knowing who the prince was she shook her head. "Impossible, I've never met the prince. They tell me he's very handsome but I think I know a handsomer elf." She smiled, flirting. His lips briefly captured hers before he left. She stood there awestruck. She didn't know he was going to war and that he might not have come back. The next day she found a letter written in Elvish that said: Dearest Bronaer, I have gone to war, but I shall return to you and claim you upon the day of the choosing. Do not fear. You shall see me again. -Legolas She felt excited and saddened at the same time. Legolas was going to claim her, if the Prince of Mirkwood didn't claim her first. They were going to see each other in a year, if Legolas lived through the war. It took nearly three days to get to Mirkwood. Bronaer gasped, it was so beautiful. She was shaken out of her reverie by a hand on her shoulder, "Go get cleaned up in the bathing houses." A dominant woman had said. Bronaer found herself more relaxed as she settled in the hot water of the public bath. She saw many other elves there, men and women. Alone, she cleaned her travel-worn body and wished that fate smiled kindly upon her. She heard that the royals and nobles got to choose first. She washed her skin gingerly with soap that smelled like the forest. She did not see Aelar but figured that she was in another house washing. Their paths would stray from each other's. Their lives were meant to separate at one point. Bronaer plaited her hair and dressed in a light blue gown with silver-colored thread sewn into it. The thread made intricate leaf patterns around her neckline and sleeves. She felt nervousness well up in her as she stepped out into the gentle Mirkwood sun. She grasped the letter Legolas had written to her, hoping that he was still alive. She dared not look up lest the eyes of the prince catch hers. She knew that she wanted Legolas and not the prince. She would do anything in her power to keep herself unclaimed until she knew Legolas was choosing. She sang quietly as she made her way into the extensive line of elves. "Black clouds are far behind me and now I see ahead…" She heard somebody yell for the women to line up in a certain area, the royal men were going to choose. Her stomach twisted in knots. She didn't even see who it was who was choosing. She stared blankly downward, not seeing anything. She felt a soft finger trace the side of her face. She thought she heard a familiar voice but she was too scared to bring her attention to it until he grasped her hand. Bronaer realized she had been chosen. She was about to cry. The prince had gotten to her before Legolas and she wondered if she could rip her hand from his and run away. She didn't want to see her captor. A single tear streaked down her face. Her heart was broken and she was going to fade. Fading was an early death for an elf that was going through extensive grief. She wanted to fade so that she wouldn't have to wake up each morning next to a man who was not Legolas. She was too afraid to look into the eyes of the man whom had chosen her. She would find out soon. Cheers rang out around them as she caught sight of Aelar. Her eyes were wide. A ringlet was placed around Bronaer's head and she knew that she had been chosen by the prince. She only saw him from the back, long blond hair. "Bronaer, look at me." When she didn't he took her inside, away from the people. Bronaer was afraid that she had been chosen by a temperamental prince. "Bronaer, look at me. Please…" The voice pleaded with her. Soft fingers gingerly lifted her chin and she closed her eyes shut. "Why will you not look upon me?" "I refuse to look into the eyes of a man whom I do not love. My heart belongs to another…" Bronaer took off and began running away from Mirkwood. "Bronaer! Bronaer!" She heard her name being called but she did not yield as she