Hey guys! Becca here! This is my second fanfiction. And I am REALLY excited! Comments and reviews are greatly appreciated! And as you probably guessed, I do not own Twilight. (I wish) Stephanie Meyer does. But I do own two original characters (Alex and Ather) that I put in here to make it more exciting. You'll see why. ;) P.S. Bella is a vampire in this story. Carlisle's POV "Esme?" Esme, my wife, was upstairs with Alice, who was playing with Bella's hair. "What is it, Carlisle?" As she walked down the stairs we made eye contact and she could easily tell I was worried about something. My wife and I could read each other like a book. She silently sped down the stairs and to my side. I simply pointed to the computer screen and to the email that I had just received from our "friend" Aro Volturi. Dear Carlisle, It has been quite too long since your last visit. You should come up to Volterra and we'll talk. We will be expecting you by tomorrow. See you soon old friend, Aro "Ok, then we will go to Volterra. We needed a family vacation anyway." She gave me a soft smile and noticed my concern. "What is it?" I looked up at her from my chair and frowned. "You know that I do not trust the Volturi. Especially Aro. I don't want anyone getting hurt." She gave me a gentle kiss on the cheek and turned to leave. In the doorway she turned to me and said, "Aro is your friend. He would not harm us." With that she left. Esme's POV We arrived at Volterra at noon. We decided to go straight to Aro's castle. Once we arrived at the main room Aro spoke, and Carlisle immediately tensed. "Hello dear friends! How nice of you to visit." Aro made friendly conversation for hours. Then it got messy... He made a strange flick motion with his wrist and we were immediately grabbed from behind. The boys were kicking and wiggling but to no avail. "Let go of me!" Surprisingly, Rosalie was the only one to get loose. That's my Rose. She stomped on Felix's foot and swung her leg back into his face. I looked up at Aro as Rosalie fought and his face was... jolly. He nodded at two vampires in the corner of the room. Jane and a man that I have never seen. The man looked intently at Jane. Jane turned and smiled at Rosalie. "Pain." Rosalie immediately fell to the ground writhing and screaming in agony. "ROSE!" Came Emmett's booming voice from across the room. Everyone (including me) was screaming for them to stop. Rosalie was still screaming as she clawed at the ground in pure fiery agony. I have first hand experience with Jane's awful power. But I don't remember it being that bad. Not at all. Emmett was the worst of all of us. He didn't bother with Jane he just screamed Rose's name. He looked completely distraught, his eyes were wide with pain and fear. It's completely understandable. The love of his life was screaming in pain and he could do nothing to help. None of us could. I couldn't just stand here while they tortured my daughter. "Aro please, stop torturing her! PLEASE!" He looked into my eyes. He clapped and Rose immediately relaxed. But she stayed on the ground. "Rosalie? Are you ok?" She slowly stood up and was grabbed again from behind. "Yeah, I'm ok Emmett." He sighed with relief but he never took his eyes off Rose. "What do you want Aro?" Carlisle said from my left, he was being held by Demetri. He looked tired. "Nothing. I just enjoy watching people be in pain." Rose growled at him. "Aro this is not funny. Let us go, now." Carlisle was always good at controlling his emotions. He remained very calm in tough situations while the rest of us are bursting with anger. I am usually fairly calm. But when it involves my family in pain, I get mad. "Carlisle, I thought we were friends." At this, his eyes flashed with anger but he remained calm. "That was until you kidnapped my family and tortured my daughter. And who is he?" He nodded to the strange man from earlier. "Who him? Oh, he's a new friend of mine. His name is Alex. He has a quite wonderful gift actually. He is able to manipulate other people's powers. For example..." He motioned to the man behind Jasper, Alec, he walked forward with Jasper trying to wriggle out of his grasp. "Alex stand down for now." Alex backed up. Aro winked at Jane and she glared at Jasper. "Pain." Jasper fell to his knees looking up at the sky. His jaw was clenched to keep from screaming. He fell onto his back gripping his stomach and scrunching his eyes. It was obvious he was in pain. Then it stopped. He relaxed and slowly stood up glaring at Aro. "Alex. Jane." Alex stepped forward and looked at Jane. "Aro don't! Please!" Alice. She didn't like watching Jasper in pain. And after seeing Rosalie writhe and scream on the ground, she was not going to like this. Jane grinned at Jasper. "Pain." And just as I thought, Jasper was screaming and rolling on the ground clawing at it. She squinted her eyes and he screamed louder. If vampires could cry Alice would have tears in her eyes. "Jasper! No! Stop it!" Jasper's POV Pain. All I could feel was searing pain. I felt like a fire was going through my veins. Unwillingly I continued to scream and thrash on the ground. Trying to find a way to escape the pain. But there was none. I could hear the muffled screams of Alice in the background. But I couldn't tell what she was saying. Of course she'd be screaming. She loves me and I love her very much too. I would gladly take this to protect her. But, I didn't even say anything and he chose me to torture. Why? But, my train of thought was interrupted when the pain suddenly got 100 times worse. Which I didn't even think was possible. But, it was so unbearable that I couldn't even scream. My lungs felt like they were gone. I couldn't breath even though I didn't need to. I couldn't scream and I could barely think. I felt numb. And I welcomed it. My mouth was opened with no sound coming out. My eyes were open but all I saw was darkness. I didn't hear anything. My back arched and I rolled over onto my stomach and put my hands on the ground and dug my fingers into the floor with so much of my strength that it made holes. Then it stopped. I lay there motionless. I could breath finally. I heard a snap and almost instantly I felt Alice's soft hands roll me over. I had my eyes closed. She was saying my name. Then my whole world was clear. It was like someone wiped a wet rag across a dirty window. I sat up slowly and she hugged me tighter than I thought possible. She buried her face in my hair and whispered to me. "Don't ever do that again." Then I said back, "Believe me I don't plan on it." We slowly stood up and were separated again. She never took her eyes off of me. "Jasper? You ok?" Rose. I least expected her to care if I was ok. Although she went through almost the same thing. But they weren't as mean to her. I looked her in the eye. "Yeah. I'm good now. Thanks." Then as soon as Aro spoke again we all growled at him. "That was Alex and Jane not even close to full power." Everyone looked slightly worried at that. That was not even CLOSE to full power? I don't even want to know what full power feels like. Or what it does to people. "Damn-it Aro! Let us go now." Aro smiled. "Separate them." The man holding Rose had one arm around her waist and one over her mouth. She was muffled screaming and kicking her legs as he dragged her out. The guy holding Alice had his arms around her arms, pinning them to her sides. He had his arms under Esme's, grabbing her shoulders. She was wriggling and screaming, trying to get loose. Bella, at first, had gotten loose. But now Alec had grabbed her wrist and was dragging her back. Her hair was flying around her face. "Edward!" "Aro! Put them down! Bella!" Alec yanked her hand towards him and she spun into him, he continued to grab her other wrist and hold them behind her back. She continued to scream and struggle. Eventually they managed to get the girls through the door. Alec came back and slammed the door. The last thing the boys saw was the girls, still struggling and yelling. "Aro! Don't hurt them, please!" We heard Bella scream. "Dear Bella, don't worry I won't. For now." The guys were struggling and trying to get to them. But nothing. Edward's POV "The girls and Jane are going to have some fun. And of course Alex will be joining them. You boys get to stay here and watch on this flat screen TV." One of the assistants rolled a TV into the room. It turned on and we were all glaring at the girls with worry in our eyes. "I warn you, Jane is at full power now. So is Alex." He smirked and sat back in his throne. The girls weren't being held down at all. They were completely free to walk around. Bella looked straight into the camera. Her topaz eyes mesmerize me. She controls her thirst very well for a newborn. She tapped Esme's shoulder and pointed at the camera. Edward could still hear the girls' thoughts. Esme knew what it meant. She was thinking, He's going to make the boy's watch this. That's low. Edward! Edward I know you can still hear me. Tell Carlisle that I love him and I'm sorry. She looked straight into the camera. Carlisle caught on immediately. He leaned over and whispered in my ear. "What is she saying to you?" I looked at him and his face saddened. "She says she loves you and she's sorry." He leaned away and dropped his head to his chest. We were all just watching our girls. Then we heard screaming. Who are they torturing now? Wait! I'd recognize that voice anywhere. Bella! "Bella! Bella!" I was struggling with all my strength but I couldn't get away from whoever was holding me. She was on the floor and writhing and clawing at the ground. She was moving similar to when James had bit her but she was screaming this time. Then she was quiet. She was breathing heavily and her eyes were wild. Esme started to walk over to Bella to help her up but she fell to the ground screaming. "Esme!" Carlisle was wild. He was kicking and attempting to elbow Demetri in the face. Esme, same as the others, was convulsing and screaming so loud that my ears actually hurt. Felix walked into the room and came into view on the camera. He pressed his foot down on Esme's stomach. He kept pressing really hard. "Carlisle!" She screamed his name. Hearing her scream his name, he went into basically a frenzy. He elbowed Demetri in the face so hard that his face cracked. He sprinted towards the door but was once again grabbed from behind. But, he was at full power. He ripped off the vampire's arm and beat him with it. Then he just blacked out. His limp body fell to the ground. "What did you do to him?" They proceeded to drag him out of the room. "That was Ather. He can black out anyone just by looking at