Authors notes: Ok I am back with Samantha Dursley' story. I wasn't too happy with my last story so I had it taken down. This is an updated version of it :D. Please tell me what you think. Love it or hate it! Chapter 1 A man with striking green eyes and unkempt hair walked down the halls of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry towards the Headmistress's office. His wife, a pretty witch with fiery red hair and a dazzling smile, was at his side. He glanced around the castle, taking everything hungrily. It had been a long time since he had last stepped foot within the school's walls and it suddenly struck him how much he missed the place. Hogwarts had been the first place he could gladly call home. It meant the world to him and being back as an adult felt surreal. The couple walked through the castle's corridors, their feet retracing familiar steps, until they reached the stone gargoyle. The man chuckled as he remembered the password that the Headmistress had given him. He ha laughed when he first read it, reminded of one of the school's previous Heads. "Lemon drop," he stated, a fondness in his voice. The gargoyle leapt out of his way, revealing a winding staircase. The pair made their way up into the office, memories of his past visit to this very office coming to mind. His wife had a look on her face that seemed to suggest that she too was taking a quick trip down memory lane, though hers did not seem as wistful as his own. He was about to enquire if she was alright when they were invited to enter the office. The large circular room took the man by surprise every time, especially now when its rich tones were bathed in the late afternoon sun. His eyes moved instinctively to the wall of portraits behind the current Headmistress. The fond smile that had been playing on his lips grew as he watched Albus Dumbledore snoozing away in his portrait, his wizard's hat sitting at a jaunty angle on his head of white hair. His eyes then shifted down to meet those of the last Headmaster of the school, the dark-eyed sallow-faced Severus Snape who rarely cracked a smile or spoke to the occupants of the room. He'd yet to figure out whether this was because Snape had never forgiven him for commissioning the portrait in the first place or naming his son after him. Snape did however incline his head in greeting, which the man returned before turning his gaze to the Headmistress. Minerva McGonagall had a smile on her face as she looked upon her former student and his wife. Though her age was beginning to show on the deepening lines on her face, her eyes were no less bright and her presence filled the room as she sat behind the large desk, smaller than that of her predecessors, but no less impressive. "You wanted to see me, Headmistress?" "Why yes, Harry, that is often the reason one sends out an invitation requesting someone's presence, is it not?" McGonagall said, raising an eyebrow at Harry. Accustomed to her serious – and often disapproving stare – it took him by surprise to see her smiling and relaxed. "And as I've mentioned on previous occasions, considering that you are no longer a student here, I think we can do without the formalities. Hello, Ginny – I wasn't expecting to see you." "When Harry said he was coming back to Hogwarts I couldn't help but tag along," Ginny smiled. "I hope you don't mind. It's not often I have an excuse to come back here." "Not at all. Please, take a seat." Harry and Ginny did so. "How are the children? Albus will be joining us this year, won't he?" "Yes, he's quite excited. He's looking forward to finally joining his older brother, though Lily isn't quite too excited by the prospect of being left alone. Luckily, she has a mother who understands exactly what that's like," Harry answered politely, sending a warm look towards his wife as he spoke before returning his gaze to the Headmistress. "However, I have a feeling you didn't invite us over for a friendly chat." "Astute as ever, Mr. Potter," McGonagall said. Ginny snorted. "And yes. It concerns this year's incoming first years. I was hoping that you might act as a point of contact for a specific student's parents." Harry knew that it was customary for a member of staff to go to the homes of muggle-born children to deliver their acceptance letters. It provided the staff with an opportunity to explain things to the family and answer any questions that they might have about Hogwarts or this brand-new world that until that point they hadn't even known existed. However, this task was always left to a member of staff, not an ex-student. "Why me?" he asked, confused by this request. "Is everything alright? You can't possibly be understaffed? Is something wrong with Hagrid?" "No, no, nothing like that. Hagrid is quite well," McGonagall soothed. With a small sigh, she reached into a drawer in her desk and pulled out a letter. "I am asking this of you because, given the situation, and what I know of your history, I thought it might be best if the news came from you." She held out the letter to him. "I trust you recognize the address?" Harry reached for the envelope, took one look at it, and promptly dropped it. It fluttered to the floor, and from where it settled, the address, penned in bright ink, was glaringly visible. Miss S Dursley Second Bedroom 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey Frowning at her husband's reaction, Ginny reached down and picked up the envelope. Her eyes widened at the surname. She recognized the surname and the implications it held. "Harry?" she asked as Harry suddenly stood up. Ignoring her hand as she reached out to him in concern, he strode to the large window behind them. He stood staring out onto the vast Hogwarts ground, keeping his back to the other two occupants in the room as thoughts raced through his mind. Dursley. It had been a long time since he'd heard that name or uttered it himself. It had no place in his new life, his happy life. He had refused to maintain any contact with the Dursleys since he'd last seen them all those years ago, and quite frankly, it was not a decision he regretted. "I know this must be a shock," McGonagall said, breaking the silence that had fallen over the room, "but given what you – and those who were in the same safe house as them – have shared of the Dursleys…dislike…for magic, I believe that the news would be best broken to the family by a wizard that they already know and trust. I suspect that even after all these years, young Mr Dursley has not quite forgiven Hagrid for that pig's tail." Though he still refused to face the women, Harry snorted at the memory and the accompanying thought of specialist doctors wondering how on Earth the boy had gotten a pig's tail attached to him in the first place. He wondered how much would have changed if someone who his aunt and uncle knew - like Snape - had shown up at that shack instead of Hagrid. It might not have lessened their fear of magic – for the Potions Master had been frightening to all apart from those who truly knew him – but perhaps they would not have come to associate magic with half-giant men, and later on, with escaped convicts, threatening men with wooden peg legs and mismatched eyes and invisible happiness-sucking Dementors. No, he owed it to this S. Dursley, his niece or nephew that he hadn't even known about until now, to give them a much smoother introduction to the wizarding world than his own. "I've not spoken to them in years," Harry started. "I didn't even known Dudley had a kid. I mean I assume it's Dudley's kid. It didn't seem like Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon could have any more kids…" "Her name is Samantha Dursley," McGonagall explained, "and yes, she is your cousin Dudley Dursley's child." "Oh, that's good, that's good. I mean – I suppose? He wasn't quite as bad as his parents towards the end. If there's a Dursley who could accept having a magical child, it'd be him. And the last time we did speak, it went okay. It was right after the war, and they'd just left the safe house and we went out for coffee and it was – it was weird, you know? But – but at least it was civil." Harry took a deep breath, running a hand through his hair, messing up his dark brown hair even more. "You're right, it should be me. But I just…" Harry jumped as he felt his wife snake her arms around his waist, settling her head on his shoulder. It was one of the things he loved about her – the way she knew when he needed her affection the most, uncaring of where they were or who was there. "What do you want to do?" Ginny asked. "You don't have to do it if you don't want to." Harry sighed. "I'll do it," he said, resting his head against his wife. "Will you come with me?" "Try and stop me." Harry smiled at her as they parted, feeling more settled than when he had first laid eyes on the envelope. "Thank you." He turned back to McGonagall, a light blush settling on his cheeks. "Sorry about that, Minerva. It was just – it was unexpected. It took me by surprise." "No need to apologise, Harry," McGonagall said. "I'm just glad that you've agreed to go. I think it will be good for all of you. As little as you know about Samantha, she knows nothing of you and the two dozen cousins that she has." "It's what happens when you marry a Weasley," Ginny agreed in mock solemnness, before sending a grin in the Headmistress' direction. "We should probably let Dudley know I'm coming," Harry said. "The Dursleys were never the type to appreciate wizards showing up on their doorsteps unannounced." "Of course," said McGonagall. "Now if you'll take a seat I can briefly walk you through all the information which needs to be passed on to our new student. While I don't doubt your knowledge of the wizarding world, we decided to standardize the information imparted when it became clear that some staff members were missing out important details." "Like how to get onto Platform 9 ¾." The Headmistress smirked. "Amongst other things." ++ Page break ++ Dudley Dursley was pacing back and forth in the kitchen. His daughter Samantha's birthday was coming up, and his parents had dropped by to dote on her as they did every year. He knew they didn't fully approve of him marrying Amelia, and the thought had kept him up all night. He had been a nervous wreck all week long. When they had first met, Dudley thought Amelia was just a normal person that happened to be in a similar situation through bad luck. He hadn't found out that she was from a magical family until after he fell in love with her. It was only much later into the relationship that she finally told him the truth- that she came from a long line of purebloods but she had been born a Squib. Of course, he had been shocked by this revelation, but it did nothing to quell his feelings for her, and he proudly called her his wife. They decided not to attempt to keep her mother's lineage a secret from Samantha, who had begun showing signs of magical ability since the age of six. At first Dudley, had tried to