The sound of the silence. That's all I hear. Silence. Nothing stirs, nothing moves, nothing seems to even breathe. The silence is calming. I gently let my head back as my eyes shut, and I let the sound of the silence roll over me like water over rocks in a river. I embrace the serenity of the moment, willing it to last forever, so that I could just sit, relishing the lack of movement and the silence that usually evades me. This is one of the rare moments I have to myself. A moment of silence. A peaceful silence, like after a spring rain, when the air is still and free from wind and the animals have not yet emerged from their shelters. A beautiful moment. ... "SETHANIE ANN BEXLEY!" ... And the moment's gone. I sigh and scream in reply, "YES, MOTHER?!" The full name always means trouble. What did I do this time? I ask myself. When no reply comes from the flat, I try again. "YES, MOTHER?!" Nothing again. I growl in frustration, pick myself up off the ground, and try fruitlessly to make my trousers seem less filthy before striding toward the family shop, only to be promptly shoo'd away by my mother, who is screaming at me to leave my boots outside, the moment I poke my head through the door. She yells that I need to be ready for the reaping. I've tried to forget, but it's that time of year again. The Hunger Games. The annual televised fight to the death. This will be my seventh year in the running to be in the Hunger Games, and as I've never had to apply for tesserae, rations of wheat and fuel in exchange for an extra chance at either glory or death, I'm in seven times. My nine-year-old little brother, Layonnel, isn't old enough to be in the running for the Hunger Games yet, since the lottery begins at age twelve. I begin to unlace my dark leather boots at the top of my calf, complaining about my mother's neat-freak mentality under my breath, and roughly chuck them against the shop wall, causing the building's frame to shudder and creak, my mother to scream at me yet again, and my mood to improve. I climb through the doorway onto the shop floor, which is littered with the week's debris. I turn and race up the steps, taking them three at a time, and I find Layon at the top of the stairs, bounding up and down the hall, flailing his toy hovercraft around as he makes "hovercraft sounds" that remind me a little of a rabid squirrel. I made that toy hovercraft for him two years ago, when a disastrous storm came down on Three and Four and knocked over trees in the forest beyond the electric fence surrounding the District. My family and I would have lost our lives during the storm, had the Capitol left the electricity on in Three and Four; a tree just outside the fence was hit by lightning and crashed right next to the shop, crushing a portion of the fence and three of our sheep in the process. I can see it clearly in my head: the first scene of the storm, imprinted in my mind like it was yesterday. I feel myself fall into the memory as my subconscious takes over and I am subjected to the wills of my mind as a flashback begins. This time, however, all I can see is the fallen tree, the way I saw it for the first time. The memory takes hold, replayed as vividly as if it were yesterday. I step outside with my father, where the tree lies atop the barbed wire fence, folded over on itself, and lodged partially inside three of our sheep, a mangled and bloody mess of wool, gore, and wood. The other animals stand nearby, one sheep comically holding its head against a branch, since it can't walk backwards, away from the wreckage. I would have laughed had I not been so thrown by the accident itself. Thoughts from the past flood my mind, thoughts that had occurred to me by that scene of my life, as well as those that came after, thoughts about how my mother and brother were traumatized by the incident; they cowered in a closet while my father and I broke up the fallen tree to use for fuel as well as salvage as much of the dead sheep as we could. Since he's Three's butcher, he's handy with a knife, a skill he taught me, and together we efficiently saved the majority of the tree and sheep. If the electricity had been on, all four of us would have died in a fire started by the fallen tree; I carved Layon's hovercraft toy out of a chunk of it. I break free from my flashback and return to the present, lifting my head after having fallen onto my hands and knees at the top of the steps as Layon runs by me, and I have to fight the urge to trip him and make him go skidding down the hall. Of course, he would probably have laughed and asked to do it again, even if he had lost a tooth in the process. He's already dressed for the reaping in a white button-down shirt that's too big for him, an old brown vest of my father's from when he was a child, and brown trousers that come down just below his knees. His brown lace- up shoes, currently untied, are a death trap, and because of them, Layon tumbles head first down the hall without my intervention. Before I can even react, he's back on his feet laughing and resuming his hovercraft noises. I smile and walk into the bedroom I share with Layon. Hanging from my bed, which is above Layon's, bunk-style, is my aunt's light green dress that she never would let me touch. She died earlier on in the year and left her dress to me. Not that I want it or even knew her very well. All I remember about this dress is that I tried to put it on while I was going through a phase, and she threw a fit about it. I never understood why, though, and now, I don't understand why she left her most prized possession to me. She never liked me all that much. But, I sigh, pull my hair out of the braid, and put on the dress anyway. After I figure out where every body part is supposed to go and fit myself into the dress accordingly, I open the closet door to find a tall, beautiful young woman staring back at me from inside the mirror. The pastel green brings out my eyes, which are now accentuated without the use of kohl. The sleeves fall to the middle of my forearm in a graceful manner. The middle fits snugly across my midsection without being unflattering. The hem of the dress sits right below my knees, hiding unfortunate scars from woodworking accidents and small fights at school. Looking at myself in the mirror, my auburn hair already perfect and wavy despite being in a messy braid all morning, no one would never guess I was the rough girl I am. I look just like my aunt. I look... too different from my normal self. It's unnerving. I turn on the spot and begin down the stairs, only to nearly trip over Layon. After I get out the door (which, believe me, is quite a feat in my household), I pick up my boots, still sitting right outside the door, and beat them against the animal pen to get most of the mud off. After they are fully laced, I look at my reflection in the window and I look more like myself. I am no longer my aunt, but Seth Bexley. I walk back into the shop to find my parents in their usual reaping attire, yelling at each other, before they shoo me out the front door to be registered. Layon is still playing with his hovercraft and waiting patiently for him and my parents to leave and attend the reaping. I smile, ruffle his hair, and leave the shop without a word. I stop by the Yorns' house, which is in the same vicinity as my family's shop/flat, on my way to the square. The Yorns are the apothecary family of Three, and it definitely doesn't hurt to be their only daughter's best friend. She is three years younger than I am, and we had known each other for years. I turn the corner, and there she is. Waiting for me. Smiling at me with her beautiful, white smile. Simply seeing her brightens my day. She is my best friend in the world, but she means more than that to me. She's almost my sister. Like the little sister I never got to have. Rabecca Yorn. I would do anything to keep that smile on her face. She means more to me than anybody else, even my family. I don't know how to explain it any better, but she's almost family. I tear my gaze away from her bright smile and admire her choice of dress. Her pastel blue brings out her gorgeous eyes, today a beautiful aqua. Her blonde hair is braided down her back in an intricate way her mother must have done. I recognize that style of braid. She braided my hair like that years ago when I was asleep, on the day we met. I realize my mistake too late and sink back into my mind's reality, which at the time is obscenely different from my body's reality. "I'm going to kill you!" A little girl, seven years old maximum, covers her smile (badly) with her hands and twists back and forth, her two blonde braids swinging with her body. She, while I was asleep, had braided my hair while my hand was in it, and as a joke, she braided my hand into my hair. I guess it was partially my fault, since I was the one who had fallen asleep in the apothecary's waiting room. I try to look menacing, but when one's hand is tied to one's head, being threatening is difficult. I swing my feet down from the arm of the chair and start to run at her, but it proves to be difficult to run while one's shoes are tied together. I almost land face down on the ground, but my left hand takes my right's place to break my fall. The little girl laughs and turns to run away, but my arm is long enough and my reflexes fast enough to catch her ankle, and she squeals as she plummets toward the ground. I start to pull her toward me, and after a long ordeal of screaming, kicking, biting, and a broken nose on my part, I get her to untie my hand from my hair and my shoes from each other. Before she can run away, I grab her around the waist and pull her down onto my leg. She gives me a look that calls an ashamed dog to my mind. Her big blue eyes look up at me and her lower lip quivers. I change my mind about my next action and say, "Next time, if you want to make that prank even better, don't stick around to see the outcome." She smiles and laughs, and hugs me around my neck. "I'm Rabecca. What's your name?" she asks, her head buried into my neck. "I'm Seth," I say with a genuine smile on my face. I pull myself back into reality and find myself lying on the pavement, Becca sitting by me, waiting for me to wake up again. These flashbacks have been coming more and more frequently now... "Morning!" Becca says, not too fazed by my flashback, breaking