Author's Note: This is the first of a trilogy of one-shots set in an AU where the Cullens and wolves are not enemies. This one-shot stars Sam and Emmett; the guys have been knocking around my brain for some time now and they want OUT. The events will be narrated from Sam's POV. I hope you like it. Please read and review. Thank you! :D Author's Note #2: For the purposes of this story, I've made the following alterations: #1) Imprinting is a fairy tale. The wolves are free to choose whomever they like as their mates. #2) Vampire women can have children. #3) The Cullens were all single prior to the events of this story. #4) Bella is already a member of the Cullen family, but she is not Edward's wife. That said, on with the story. :) Rated M for strong language, adult themes, and M/M love scenes Disclaimer: The Twilight books and characters are the property of Stephenie Meyer. I own nothing. Times Of Day: Romantic Evening My paws dug huge divots in the wet soil as I raced through the forest. I was running flat out; my lungs felt as if they were going to burst if I didn't stop soon, but I didn't care. My love was waiting for me and I'd walk through the fires of Hell to reach him. The cabin finally came into view and I slowed down, coming to a stop fifty yards from the front porch. I phased back to my human form and walked up to the door. I pulled my shorts off of my leg but didn't bother putting them on; I knew that my love preferred it when I came in naked. I entered the cabin, dropping my shorts onto a nearby chair. My nose quivered as it caught the sharp sweet scent, quickening my breathing and making my cock painfully hard. I turned in a slow circle til I finally found the source of the mouthwatering aroma. Emmett Cullen was bent over the coffee table, arranging a handful of lit candles on the mahogany surface. There were maybe sixty other candles scattered around the room, giving it an intimate and seductive air. The soft light played over Emmett's naked body, making his crystalline skin shimmer like satin. The light from the brighter flames in the fireplace only enhanced the effect. I let my eyes travel along my vampire's body, taking in the broad shoulders, powerfully muscled arms and legs, and the roundness of his ass. My breath caught in my throat as Emmett straightened, the muscles of his back sliding so smoothly under his skin. Then he turned around and I just about melted as those beautiful golden eyes locked on me. The vampire licked his lips as he looked me up and down; his stiff rod bobbed as he noticed my own cock standing at full attention. What happened next, happened fast. One second, he was standing still; the next, I found myself pinned to the wall with his lips crushing mine in a soul-searing kiss. Our cocks were mashed together, icy marble pressing on fiery flesh, and I whimpered as Emmett's arousal slid along my belly. Both rods were leaking profusely and I shivered as his precum trickled onto my skin. It was almost enough to make me cum right then. In an effort to try and regain some control, I let my mind wander through the circumstances that had led to this moment. It was a strange turn of events that I, Sam Uley, had fallen in love with a Cold One. In the beginning, the wolves had existed to protect the tribe from vampires. It had gone on like that for hundreds of years until the Cullens came along with their yellow eyes and reverence for human life and a new way had been born. They had proven that they shared the pack's desire for peace and a treaty had been made. That had been seventy-five years ago and things had been pretty peaceful since. Then the Cullens had returned and a new pack had come into being. I'd been angry at first, having the life of the wolf forced on me. But then I'd met Emmett and I realized that being angry was a waste of energy that could be put to much better use. My relationship with the bearlike vampire had been the first of many changes; it touched off a domino effect that no one could've predicted, creating the most unlikely pairings imaginable. I would've guessed that imprinting was behind it all if I hadn't known that it was just an old wives' tale. There was me and Emmett, of course. Jacob bonded with Alice and Paul fell for Esme; Jared and Rosalie could barely keep their hands off each other, while Jasper and Embry were content with quiet displays of affection in public. Carlisle had his hands full with Leah, but the good doctor had proven that he could handle her wild streak. Quil and Bella started off slow, but things picked up considerably after the first couple of dates. And Edward and Seth were thick as thieves from the moment they laid eyes on each other. Yes, there had been a lot of strange changes, but they were all for the better. The pack and the Cullens were one family now, a blending of many strengths and points of view. Sure, there was the occasional scuffle where some piece of furniture got broken (especially when Emmett and Paul got into it), but that was to be expected when so many strong and willful personalities lived in such close proximity. All things considered, it was a pretty good life. I blinked and brought myself back to the present. Emmett had broken the kiss and pulled his head back a little so that our lips were barely touching. It would be a little difficult to speak, but I liked the slight tickling sensation when our lips brushed each other. I smiled and flicked my tongue out, running it along Emmett's lips. Emmett smiled back, hugging me close. "Hey, love," he said. "You took your own sweet time getting here." "I know," I said. "The meeting ran longer than usual. I had to give my account of the battle with Victoria's army." The battle had been a nightmare. I had been so afraid for Emmett's life, but I'd managed to keep my head in the fight. We won the battle and ended Victoria's plans for revenge. Seth and Edward made short work of her and her lieutenant, sending them to the afterlife with a minimum of fuss. The only thing that had gone wrong was Jacob sustaining severe injuries while protecting Leah from a leftover newborn. Alice was helping to tend his wounds; she refused to leave his side even if her eyes turned black from thirst. I paused for a moment, taking a breath before voicing my next thought. "It'll be a few days before Jake's back in fighting shape." "I heard. I'm glad to hear that he won't have any scars, though I don't think Ali would object. She thinks scars are sexy," Emmett said. He gave me a wink and slid his hand down to my hip, using his grip to pull me closer. Our bodies were now pressed together, leaving no space between them. I moaned and pressed my face into the crook of Emmett's neck, the coolness of his skin helping to calm my hormones a little. "It's okay, puppy," Emmett whispered. "I know how hard it is, being in a fight with someone you love and being petrified that you might lose them. But we won. There's nothing to worry about anymore." He nuzzled the top of my head, taking a deep whiff of my scent. I felt his cock twitch against my stomach and I purred as some of his precum leaked onto my abs. It felt so good, the icy fluid sending goosebumps out across my skin. I moaned and bucked my hips, pressing my cock impossibly closer to his rock-hard skin. And I would sooner die than admit it to anyone, but I fucking loved it when he called me 'puppy'. It just showed how corny and romantic he could be. Emmett matched my moan and ran his cold tongue along my neck. The strong muscle left a trail of goosebumps and wetness in its wake, making me shiver and moan louder. I hooked one leg over his hip and started humping him faster. He matched my pace and pretty soon we were rutting there against the wall like a pair of dogs in heat. My cock was leaking steadily now, painting his snow-white skin with my hot juice. I pressed my face into the unyielding stone of his neck to stifle my whimpering. The sheer unadulterated lust we felt was simply too much; it wouldn't take long. We were too horny to take things slow right now; we needed to take the edge off so we could think straight. Every muscle in my body froze up as I came hard, shooting between our bodies and coating our bellies with my cum. I let loose a shout and dug my fingers into the stone flesh of his shoulders, sweat pouring down my body. A second later, I felt the icy wash of Emmett's orgasm flowing over my skin. We held on tight to each other, our bodies shaking from the power of our shared pleasure. We didn't move for several minutes afterward. Not that I could move; Emmett's hold on me and our position against the wall were such that I couldn't let go even if I'd wanted to. I smiled and nuzzled his neck, kissing and licking his skin. He returned the gesture, letting loose a soft growl that made my guts quiver. He found his voice again after a couple of minutes. "Mmmmmm. .," he said. "You make me too hot, puppy. Good thing I don't get tired." He smirked and kissed my cheek, then picked me up and held me like a blushing bride. "God, Emmett!" I laughed. "Do you have to be so corny?" "Yep," Emmett said. "How else am I going to keep you interested?" He carried me into the bathroom and set me on the spacious counter. After making sure I was comfortable, he opened the glass-walled shower and started fiddling with the knobs. A couple of seconds later, steam started wafting out and curling through the air. Emmett stepped inside and turned to me, holding out one hand. "Care to join me?" he asked. I smiled and hopped off the counter. Two steps later, I was in the shower, my body pushing Emmett's against the rear wall as I kissed him. I wanted to ravish him, but his earlier question deserved to be answered. "You do plenty to keep me interested, Emm," I said. "You're not the smartest guy in the world, but you've taught me so much. You've got so much energy, it's all I can do to keep up with you sometimes. And I love going hunting with you, the way nothing goes to waste. You drink the blood and I eat the meat." I blushed a little as I remembered our last hunt. We'd taken down a couple of deer and had our fill; fifteen minutes later, I was moaning shamelessly as we made love by the side of the river. A very good night indeed. "I love hunting with you too, Sam." Emmett rolled us around so that I was pressed to the wall almost directly under the showerhead. "It's not often I get to share something so. . . . primal." He took a step back and said, "Stay right there, puppy. Stand up straight, hold still, and no matter what I do, do not move." I obeyed, spreading my feet and bracing myself. My skin started tingling as I tried to picture what Emmett might have in store