A/N – This story takes place at the very beginning of Twilight, on Bella's first weekend in Forks, at the very beginning of the second chapter. This is just after she first saw Edward Cullen, when he glared her down in Biology. Bella's Quote – "My first weekend in Forks passed without incident." That's where my story deviates. Bella's first weekend does not pass without incident. I hope you all enjoy, please read and review. Much love, Kate. Thirst Bella When I wake up, I'm still surprised by my surroundings, even after spending my first week here. For a few seconds, when I'm stirring, I expect to open my eyes to the pale morning sunshine of Phoenix streaming in through the curtains. Then I remember; I'm not at home. I'm with Charlie now, in the land of perpetual rain and greenery. "Bells?" I turn from the window, seeing my dad standing in the doorway, in his police uniform. I yawn and smile as convincingly as I can, earning a good morning from him. "I'm going to be at work for most of the day, so I'll see you at dinner tonight," he tells me, securing his gun and holster. "On a Saturday?" I raise my eyebrows, although it doesn't surprise me. Charlie's job is his wife and kids. Living alone, what else is he going to do on the weekends but go fishing? "Yup. Crime never sleeps," he says gruffly, giving me a wry smile. Crime might as well be hibernating, in Forks. "Okay," I reply, sitting up. I get out of bed, knowing I won't be sleeping in. I have too much moping to do. "I'll see you at dinner, then. I'm fixing us some Paella tonight," I yawn again. I know that if I'm going to keep myself busy, I need to make dinner a project. Rustling up a quick chicken salad wouldn't really consume my free time effectively. "Sounds great," he grins. He awkwardly ruffles my hair as I pass him, heading for a shower. "See you later, kiddo." "Bye, dad." When I'm showered and dressed, I sit on the edge of my bed, running a comb through my wet tangles. I think about Monday. Will the allusive Edward Cullen be in school? For all I know, he's left. I'm both relieved and disappointed at the thought. I push my pathetic thoughts aside, embarrassed for even entertaining the idea that his absence could somehow be connected to his bizarre disliking of me. I don't even want to think about it anymore; I'm done pouring over the details – or lack thereof – in a vain attempt to understand his hateful glares. It simply doesn't make sense. I have to make my peace with that. So I do just that. I continue with my day, getting some chores done. I do the laundry, satisfied that both Charlie and I aren't swamped for choices when it comes to our wardrobes. I vacuum and dust, cringing as I come face to face with my old school pictures. The one from tenth grade is probably my least favourite, displaying the most awkward stage of my awkward life. I consider taking the liberty of stashing them out of sight but refrain. It seems rude to take them down without at least consulting Charlie, first. I might be welcome here but this isn't my home. After my chores are done, I step into my father's little kitchen, fetching myself a glass of water, just for something to do. As I stare out the square window, I consider watching a little television, when something in the distance catches my eye. The forest's edge begins at the end of the yard, with no fence to separate them. As far as the eyes can see, there is varying degrees of green. It's dizzying. But that's not what I'm looking at. Beyond the sea of green, in amongst the trees, I see a pale figure. When I narrow my eyes, I can see that it's a woman, with flowing black hair. For some unknown reason, a chill runs up my spine. Without thinking, I dump the water, banging the glass down with a protesting thud. I don't know what compels me to do it, but for some reason all I can do is open the back door, onto the porch, so I can get a better look at this mysterious figure. What is she doing? I think to myself, confused. There's nothing but a few houses out on this side of town, so why is she here? Is she on a trail, a hiker? My legs decide to find out, pulling me forward. As I go closer, her features become known, startling me. The thought comes unbidden, provoked by nothing more than the appearance of her. She looks like a Cullen. Her skin is pale and flawless, glowing dimply against the backdrop of green. Every feature is straight and perfect, with no ridges or mismatched angles. She looks otherworldly, startling in her immense beauty. Just like a Cullen. There is one small, yet highly significant difference, though. Her eyes, framed with long, winged lashes, are scarlet red. Not gold, or amber. Red, like pooling blood. I want to fear her. On some basic, carnal level I know I should. I don't though. All I want to do is go nearer, to come closer. My feet eagerly carry me forward without my active consent, pushing me closer and closer to this frighteningly beautiful woman. It's like there's an elastic band suspended between us, but she is firmly planted to the ground, while I have no choice but to be pulled in her direction. No, I think, vehemently commanding myself to stay put. My feet plant themselves to the ground, going against their own wishes. Something is very wrong, here. I look into her crimson eyes, bewildered by her. She simply raises one fist, painstakingly slowly unfurling a single finger. A glorious smile spreads across her face, illuminating her whole appearance. She curls her lifted pointer finger, gesturing her desire for my proximity. I feel my resistance give way, both feet squelching against the sodden grass as I unwillingly press onward. My mind seems to cave under the weight of this consuming, irrational desire to go to her. It's as if there's no other choice in the matter, no alternative option. I must go to her. As she sees me coming forward, the hypnotising beam on her upturned lips transforms into something completely different, something very sinister. Her pink top-lip curls back in an unnatural way, setting her expression in a dark grimace. She's baring her teeth at me, like an animal. I know I'm supposed to be afraid, any normal person would, but I'm not. All I want to do is keeping moving forward, keep on journeying to her side. "Faster," she hisses suddenly, the sound carrying through me like a dagger to the heart. My legs go the distance of two steps at a time, hurrying. It occurs to me then, that this can't be real. This is the stuff of nightmares. I must be dreaming. This is too...too...supernatural. Wake up, Bella, I order. I reach over and pinch my skin on my wrist, digging my nail in sharply until I feel wetness on my finger. Wake up, damn it! Wake up! She snarls. She growls. She doesn't move. She stays in amongst the trees and I don't turn around. I begin running. I'm being pulled to her much, much faster than before, very nearly tripping as I sprint to the cusp of the woods, passing the trees. It's not me running to her. She's pulling me forward, dragging me to her. This can't be real. I keep moving, until she's only a few feet away from me and she reaches for me. I gasp, hyperventilating as her nose touches mine. Against my warm skin, hers is ice cold. Chills run through me like little electric shocks, wracking my body as I try to squirm out of her stone hold. I want to run. I no longer feel the pull, I only feel repelled. I have to get away. "Don't struggle," she commands, her voice peeling bells. It's like she singing softly, romantically in my ear. A lone tear springs from me, snaking down my cheeks. She smiles angelically at me. "May I kiss you?" When I only stare back in utter horror, my heart ready to burst right out of my chest. The terrifying, beautiful woman leans in, securing my face with her strong grip. I flinch when she tenderly presses her soft, plum lips to mine, stroking my tear away with her thumb. Her kiss is searing and ice cold. I feel my knees buckle out from under me but she holds me to her, securing my body against hers. She feel like stone, like a statue that belongs in a museum. I tremble as she leans in, her cherry lips whispering arctic air against my ear. "You need not be frightened, child. I will not kill you slowly." The terror in her words chills me to the bone. Beyond the fear comes longing, heartbreak. My life, already so empty and futile, is ending. I will never see my parents again, never be able to make something out of my small slice of time on this earth. It's all over. My time is up. She reaches for my hair, carefully stroking the length of it until she reaches my shoulder. She pushes my tresses back, revealing my neck to her. Her eyes change suddenly, fading from red to jet black. The darkness seeps in like water on cloth, saturating her iris until there's no colour left. As I sag into her hard arms, I close my eyes, giving in to the end. I feel her wintery lips press against my neck and I feel momentary surprise at the image branded on the back of my eyelids. I see only one thing. Edward Cullen, the boy who has occupied my curiosity for most of my stay in Forks, glares down at me. His eyes are stunning, hypnotic and terrifying. I realize, with startling surety, that the Cullens must be the same as the creature who is about to end my life. They are monsters, beautiful abominations. Perhaps Edward himself had wanted my life. Will he be disappointed when he hears that it's already been robbed by another just like him? As she opens her mouth against my skin, I open my mouth to speak, to beg, but nothing comes out. I wait for her tongue to snake out, but it doesn't. Her razorblade teeth slice through me like a knife through butter. The sound of her moans of pleasure are enveloped by high pitched screaming. It takes me a moment to connect the sound to myself, before realizing I'm making the deafening sound. I freeze in utter shock, feeling my lungs fill and empty too fast as my body registers the intrusion. From my neck, she sucks wildly, draining me, pull after pull on my life source. My head feels light and my screams quiet to a low gurgling. Until I feel something stinging my neck. I struggle, hard, trying in vain to pull away from this monster. I begin screaming, even louder than before, wailing, as my neck bursts into flames. The fire is crippling. I'm on fire. In the distance, I hear a sound that barely makes it to my ears through all the screaming. Growling. Gut-wrenching snarling. Tears pour down my face as I sob, screaming in agony. I've never been in so much searing pain. I'll gladly give her my life, in exchange for relief. When will this pain end? The growling becomes louder as I hear the rustling of leaves on the trees. Before I can register what is happening, I'm flying. Green blurs pass my vision as the air whooshes past me. In the next second, my back slaps against