Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling is the rightful owner of Harry Potter and all associated characters. I just Filch them occasionally and I always put them back where I found them - I promise, I do! Well, most of the time … HAHA - FILCH, GEDDIT? Did I make a funny? Nope, didn't think so. Nor do I own any references to films, books, songs or any other copyrighted works that may appear in this fanfic. Anyway … moving on. Summary: After his encounter with Wormtail and the Dementors at the end of his third year at Hogwarts, Harry chooses an alternative path - the path of life … life like never before … happy life. A/N: Yes, I know. I'm very naughty. I shouldn't really be writing this right now, not after I made that promise to just concentrate on one story and build my works around it - but here I am. This is just a little plot bunny that hit me a few days ago, and it quickly evolved into a full-sized boxing hare. Hopefully, I can do it justice. Chapter Warnings: Strong language, flashbacks, and a bit of violence. There was a terrible snarling noise. Lupin's head was lengthening. So was his body. His shoulders were hunching. Hair was sprouting visibly on his face and hands, which were curling into clawed paws. Crookshanks' hair was on end again; he was backing away. As the werewolf reared, snapping its long jaws, Sirius disappeared from Harry's side. He had transformed. The enormous, bear-like dog bounded forward. As the werewolf wrenched itself free of the manacle binding it, the dog seized it about the neck and pulled it backward, away from Ron and Pettigrew. They were locked, jaw to jaw, claws ripping at each other. Harry stood, transfixed by the sight, too intent upon the battle to notice anything else. It was Hermione's scream that alerted him. Pettigrew had dived for Lupin's dropped wand. Ron, unsteady on his bandaged leg, fell. There was a bang, a burst of light - and Ron lay motionless on the ground. Another bang; Crookshanks flew into the air and back to the earth in a heap. "Expelliarmus." Harry yelled, pointing his own wand at Pettigrew; Lupin's wand flew high into the air and out of sight. "Stay where you are!" Harry shouted, running forward. Too late. Pettigrew had transformed. Harry saw his bald tail whip through the manacle on Ron's outstretched arm and heard a scurrying through the grass. He had escaped. "AH!" Harry woke in a pool of sweat, his forehead dripping. His breath was heavy and panting, and his body glistened in the dark. This being the third time he had the dream in a week, he went over to the window, and sat down gently, picking up a piece of paper and a pen. It happened again tonight. It's the same dream, every night. Dreams about Voldemort would be more fun. At least they would break up the monotony. I still can't believe Pettigrew managed to escape. It shouldn't have been possible, and now the rat's cost Sirius his freedom - again. What would Sirius say? What would the twins say? Or Ron, or Hermione? 'Don't let it get to you, Harry. It's not your fault.' Maybe it is. Maybe it isn't. But it's not going to happen again. He's ruined our lives enough. He laid it down on top of a wad of parchment and scraps, all of them with the almost identical writing on. Harry got back into bed and curled up, ready to sleep. "It's not going to happen again," he muttered. "It's not going to happen again." "Harry! Wake up - it's eight o'clock!" The shout came unsuspected to a lightly dozing Harry, who practically leapt out bed to get and dressed, and he headed downstairs quicker than ever before. "Sorry, Aunt Petunia," he said once he'd reached the bottom of the stairs. "Here," said Petunia, giving him a pan and some bacon and sausages. "The eggs, black pudding, mushrooms, beans and tomatoes are on the side in the kitchen. Get it ready as quickly as you can - you know what to do." "Yes, Aunt Petunia," Harry said as he reached for the ingredients. Moments later, the sounds and smells of sizzling bacon filled the kitchen. Harry got out three plates and a bowl. "And don't burn the toast this time!" "No, Aunt Petunia." He piled rashers onto two of the plates, and added the rest in huge portions for the first - the second with about half the amount of the first. On the other plate he set a few slices of bread, and covered the plate with salads and balsamic vinegar. "Done, Aunt Petunia!" he called to the bony woman, carrying through the three plates - one in each hand and the other on his right forearm - to the dining room. "Thank you, Harry," she said, taking the meals and setting them down on the table. "I'll just go and wake Vernon and Dudley." "No problem," Harry replied, going back to the kitchen and getting out some cereal, eating it in double quick time. "Vernon! Dudley! Breakfast!" From upstairs came the sounds of two beached whales climbing precariously out of bed. Well, that was a little on the unfair side, really. Although Vernon was still as fat and blubbery as ever, his son had trimmed up considerably since Harry had last seen him. Dudley now stood at around 5'8", and had lost a considerable amount of weight. Or rather, converted it into muscle. He wasn't massive, but he had certainly lost his puppy fat and developed a strong and muscular body. As the two made their way downstairs and into the dining room where their breakfast was, Harry - having satisfied his hunger with cereal - heard the clashing noise of mail through the letterbox. Quickly yelling he'd get it, he picked it up off the floor and ripped it open with a letter opener, carrying both the envelope and the letter opener into the dining room. "It's from Aunt Marge," Harry explained, handing it to Vernon. "She says she can't make it - Ripper's ill and Colonel Fubster's on holiday, so he can't look after the dogs." "Thank you," Vernon grunted. "Shame. I was looking forward to swindling some more presents out of her. How much did she give us last year, Dudders? Around three hundred pounds worth?" "Sounds about right, Dad," replied Dudley, munching his smaller breakfast portion. "But, if I'm really honest, it's good not to have her here this year." "She can be a little overbearing sometimes, yes," Vernon agreed grudgingly. "But she's family after all." "Family that can't stop mooning over a certain retired military colonel - unrequitedly, at that," Petunia stated. "And can't stop aggravating us in some way or another at every visit." She looked pointedly at Harry. The group sat in silence for a while, until - unable to wait any longer - Harry broke it. "Uncle Vernon - do you mind if I go for a walk? I just felt like getting out of the house for a while." "Go ahead. Just don't come back too late, okay? We can't have you missing out on any meals, you're skinny enough as it is." Harry nodded, and, putting on his battered trainers, walked to the door and opened it carefully. "Hey, Harry!" Dudley shouted, struggling with his own shoes. "Mind if I join you?" "Free country … supposedly." "Dudley … I don't quite know how to say this - but why are you carrying around a boom box?" Harry asked his cousin a couple of minutes later. "I always take it with me when I do exercise," Dudley said, as if that immediately explained it. "Exercise?" Harry was bewildered. "You know … running, push ups - that sort of thing," Dudley said in a slightly mocking tone. "You do it to get fitter. How do you think I lost so much weight?" "Since when did you work out?" Harry clarified. "Since I joined the Rugby Union and Rugby Sevens teams at Smeltings," he explained. "So … about ten months ago, I suppose. They said if I wanted to make the first team, or even the bench, I'd have to get in shape. Boxing helped, but I've stopped that now, so I've got a regime worked out for non-training days." "You play rugby?" Harry asked. "Yep," Dudley replied proudly. "Started off as a prop, but since I've lost weight I've played mostly as a centre-half." Harry raised his eyebrows, since, having watched the occasional rugby match with Vernon, he saw a huge difference in the positions. Props were large and bulky, designed only to steamroller through other players, while centre-halves combined power with speed to punch big holes in defences. "I've been invited to play for Surrey Under-15s next season, you know," Dudley said. "Congratula-" "Ah!" The cry came from around the street corner, and the pair sprinted round. There, on the pavement, they saw a small, fair-haired boy with his head ground into the dirt, held down by four or five larger boys. "Oi! Get off him!" Dudley shouted, dropping his boombox and shoving the nearest one forcefully. Harry went for one of the others holding the kid down, and swung. A loud crunch followed as Harry's fist collided with the boy's cheek. He couldn't tell if it was his hand or the boy's jaw, but still felt satisfied when he send the boy reeling. Harry's head snapped to the side and blood poured from his broken nose. He fell with a thud to the floor, and saw Dudley being jumped by another two. He lashed out with his left foot, hitting soft flesh and bringing a bully to his knees as he jumped up and connected with a vicious uppercut. Dudley threw one of the ones on him off, and jabbed another, his fists reigning down on the boy. Harry rushed over and pulled the other down to the floor, grabbing him and punching as hard as he could. They rolled around for about a minute before Harry got up, and kicked him once in the ribs for good measure, sending the boy scarpering. "Yeah, you'd better run, Piers!" Dudley yelled after the bullies' retreating backs. "Bastard!" Bruises already covered Dudley's face, but he was smiling nonetheless. "Hey, you alright, kid?" The boy they had seen on the floor looked up, three large gaps in his teeth, and dried blood was splattered across his swollen and cut face. "Shit!" exclaimed Dudley. "Ewan?" The boy - Ewan - groaned. "How bad is it?" "Looks like you went to Ireland and back with a constantly exploding bomb in your face," Dudley remarked. "You look pretty fucked up, mate." Ewan groaned again. He winced, trying to get up. "As long as I look pretty something, that's alright, I suppose. Who's your friend, D?" Dudley had forgotten all about Harry. "Oh, this is my cousin Harry. Scrawny little bugger, but from the looks of it, he knows how to handle himself. Lives up in Scotland." That wasn't quite true, but it wasn't far off. "Harry, meet one of my best friends, Ewan Clane, scrum-half at Smeltings." The pair helped the struggling Ewan to his feet. "So what brought all this on, then?" Ewan chuckled, before wincing again and clutching at his throbbing head. "Piers caught me with Gordon's ex - you know, Louise, the one Piers fancies - behind the wall at Waitrose." Dudley whistled lowly. "Well that would do it," he said. "Nice job, mate." Seeing Harry's confused look, he clarified. "Blonde, 100m county champion, blue eyes, big tits, nice arse, long legs …" "She's hot, then," Harry said, eyes wide in surprise. "Well done." Ewan smiled and winked. "Yeah, well … Piers went and told Gordon's mates, and they told him, so they tried to get me to back off. Or maybe back out is a