Disclaimer: Yes, I know these are never read, and actually don't mean a damn thing because if J.K. decided she didn't want any of us writing fanfic, we wouldn't have a leg to stand on. Disclaimers are not law. Then again, might as well cover my ass just in case anyone gets uppity about a lack of one. There will definitely be aspects of stuff taken from other works by published authors and there will be so many that I can't be arsed to put them in the disclaimer by name. So, I DON'T OWN ANYTHING YOU MIGHT RECOGNISE. Summary: When Sirius is fighting his cousin, he falls through the Veil. Harry, full of anguish, leaps after him, with Remus trying to stop him. Except, the weight of a grown man is often not enough to break the power of grief, and the pair tumble through the Veil after the old mutt, into a world that appears much worse than the one he just left - a world of destruction, a world of fire. A world where they are far from home, and they must find any way to get back, for war is brewing. Author's Notes: Quidditch: Well, this really is a turn up for the books. I'd just like to say that I doubted this would ever happen, but now that it has, I'm rather thankful for the fact my Author Name consists of two parts. Put simply, I am the original author of this account, and the only one there was. Please allow me, though, to introduce Lord, my father. Lord: Yep, I'm this brat's dad. Don't expect me to beat around the bush much. I'll be writing some much darker stories than him, so have no doubt about that. And, I guess, welcome. I will be trying to breathe some life into the old trope of Harry following Sirius through the veil. Yes, I know it's an old one. Yes, I know there are a lot of shit stories written based on that idea. Hopefully, this won't become one of those. Hopefully, you should be in for a bit of badassery from a certain Monsieur Potter and my (possibly) favourite character in terms of what he could have potentially been (DAMN YOU ROWLING!), his lovable rogue of a godfather, Sirius, and the odd bit from a particular werewolf. Oh, and I also thought I'd change from the usual story layout/format. Hope you like it. Now, as much as I hate trigger warnings, this site seems to have a fascination with them. As such, I might as well honour this backwards tradition and indulge this stupid attempt at political correctness and imposing of safe spaces. This story will be really quite dark in places - violence, definitely. Brutality, most probably. Gore, certainly. Dark themes, undoubtedly. There will no doubt be a lot of stuff in this that a lot of you readers out there won't enjoy or want to read, so consider this a heads up. I like to think most of you will have the common sense to stick to the age-old adage "don't like, don't read". It'll stand you in good stead. However, if you do think that you could possibly partake in my particular brand of dark insanity in the world of Rowling's creation (sort of ... very loosely, really) then step on in - if you're fucked up enough, that is. And with that, your little trigger warning is done. Paint it Black Prologue Canis Totus Stercore No one can tell what goes on in between the person you were and the person you become. No one can chart that blue and lonely section of hell. There are no maps of the change. You just come out the other side. Or you don't. -Stephen King June 18, 1996 Unknown Time The Death Chamber, Department of Mysteries Only one pair was still battling, apparently unaware of the new arrival. Harry saw Sirius duck Bellatrix's jet of red light: he was laughing at her. "Come on, you can do better than that!" he yelled, his voice echoing around the cavernous room. The second jet of light hit him squarely on the chest. The laughter had not quite died from his face, but his eyes widened in shock. Harry released Neville, though he was unaware of doing so. He was jumping down the steps again, pulling out his wand, as Dumbledore, too, turned towards the dais. It seemed to take Sirius an age to fall: his body curved in a graceful arc as he sank backwards through the ragged veil hanging from the arch. Harry saw the look of mingled fear and surprise on his godfather's wasted, once-handsome face as he fell through the ancient doorway and disappeared behind the veil, which fluttered for a moment as though in a high wind, then fell back into place. Harry heard Bellatrix Lestrange's triumphant scream, but knew it meant nothing-Sirius had only just fallen through the archway, he would reappear from the other side any second ... But Sirius did not reappear. "SIRIUS!" Harry yelled. "SIRIUS!" He had reached the floor, his breath coming in searing gasps. Sirius must be just behind the curtain, he, Harry, would pull him back out ... But as he reached the ground and sprinted towards the dais, Lupin grabbed Harry around the chest, "SIRIUS!" Lupin lay groaning on the floor, his nose spurting blood, a huge crunch the precursor to it. Dumbledore pulled his wand up in front of him, a spell on his tongue - Harry dove. Remus threw himself at him. "HARRY! NO!" Like Sirius, they did not reappear. Searing light, the whispers of the Veil ... the whispers of the dead. Blackness. That was all there was. All there had been for a while. Just ... blackness. Darker than his jet hair, darker than the midnight sky. True blackness. The blackness of unconsciousness. The blackness, even, of Death. But he was not dead. His eyes flickered, eyelids pulling back and opening. "Fuck." He didn't know why the hell he cursed. Reflex, he supposed. He expected light to come flooding in. There was no light. There was the glimmer of sight taken from long adjustment to the darkness. Dingy and looming, it shrouded everything. But not light. This was the dull, dirty light of a polluted air, the sun long-abandoning the destruction of the world. And boy, was there destruction. Rubble, grey and shapeless, littered the street. If you could call it a street. Rock lay everywhere, from the no-doubt once pristine houses to the wrecked cars on the road, the thick particles of dust hanging in the breeze, forming a consistency not unlike treacle. Tiny gusts of suffocating wind wafted with them the strong smell of sewage - at least, he assumed it was sewage; it held a sweet, sickly quality to it, but even that was tainted, a rotten stench creeping along in the background, the tang of burnt timber lingering on the nostrils and the tongue. Glowing ashes flickered past his eyes, tiny sparks of life that darted to and fro amongst the devastated walls of man. Scorched stone, molten metal, trickling tar - all were there to be tasted. Clouds of that bloody dust floated everywhere. It billowed from piles of rocks, it stifled the air, it stilled the weather. Maybe that was why the sky looked so damn grey. So shit. It had that sort of fucked, always shifting darkness to it, one word drifting once again to the forefront of the mind. Grey. Everything was fucking grey. Drab. There was no other word to describe that bloody grey. The mood was even thicker than the air itself, even darker than the sky it smothered. It hung heavy, weighing down on the already crumbled foundations of a city nearly without colour. Flames danced up and licked at the debris, distorting the nigh flammable ether with a pure, raw heat, blackening the coals of the earth and the man-made bricks and concrete with the soot of the ages, of destiny itself. It was the only light for miles. Occasionally, a fire would emit a lion's roar and engulf its surroundings, or subside and return to the abyss from whence such devilry came. No such thing could be considered right, even for the evil of mankind. Charred bodies added to the smoke, fuelling the fires and burning quicker than any wood. Their stench was enough of a fuel to allow the continuation of Hell's spreading. Tartarus, it seemed, drew ever closer in this place. A dark red, darker than that ever-changing red of blood, stained what little brown earth there was left in this semblance of Hades. The devil's work. No plants added colour to the desolation. Any that once had existed here were wilted and snapped, their natural green dulled and discarded. Not long ago the screams of children would have filled the ears, the wails of women, and the weeping of men. Now all was silent. No words were shouted, no cries echoed in the night. The only audible screams were those of warping metal and the grinding of stone to sand, to ashes. His eyes flicked side to side in a panic. Tears welled up, dropping to the rusting floor of muddied blood - or perhaps bloodied mud. He could not tell the difference. A shawl caught on his foot as he stood, his arms screaming all the while in pain, his legs almost giving way. He bent down and swept aside the shawl. A small head lay beneath. So small. Barely bigger than a hand. Even smaller now, with the shape of a steel-heeled boot engraved in the once smooth and rounded skull, dried blood scabbed around the dent. The body had been naked other than the shawl. A baby's body. He retched. Flies swarmed at the head, buzzing eagerly, lapping at the iron of the baby's blood around the now deformed head. The contents of his stomach heaved up and splattered on a worn stone tile, the pattern of a rose just barely showing through the vomit and bile. "NO!" He flapped his arms in desperation around the corpse, shooing them away. He cried, the tears rolling down his face and wetting the dry wounds, the flies returning again for more. He raged. Houses burnt beyond repair. Cobbles and tiles split. Bodies of the dead out for all to see. All laid bare. Still eyes outstretched, staring at the sky. He knew not why. What could there have been to see? Heaven? Or another hell? He gagged again, bile dripping from his mouth, chunks of undigested meat and vegetables scattered everywhere. He moved on, stumbling amongst the ruins, the shawl still clenched in his hand. The red liquid of life pooled on the ground, a woman face-down on the floor. He turned her over, pain ever-etched upon her visage. Another corpse lay beneath the woman, female again, not a wrinkle on her face. Not a rip-less shred of clothing on her, not an un-bruised section of thigh, or an uncut part of her exposed breasts. A daughter. Shielded by her mother, even in death. Not shielded enough. A maroon trickle between the mother's legs. A veritable puddle between the daughter's. Raped, both of them. No doubt, they had shrieked and cried out, the mother trying to protect her child, the pain of her failure much greater than the pain of her defiling. An old man lay nearby, sprawled out in a cross, his knees shot in, a single hole in his temple through which daylight - if you could call it daylight - could be seen. It was like he had accepted his fate. An scruffy, long-haired spaniel rested next to him, unharmed but dead nonetheless, killed by a broken heart. Fat and scraggly, flea-bitten and matted, its droopy eyes had lost their light. It had not lost its loyalty. Not lost its faith. He stumbled away again, this time tripping on