New Notice 2: I've just edited and revised much of this chapter. It was a painful but alleviating time. Nonetheless, you'll see things here and there that I've tweaked as the story progresses. My passion was fueled again when I rewatched LOTR all over again. I was really weepy over it. Thank you for your anticipation and patience! -With Utmost Sincerity, Mana (Formerly E.L Wright) A/N: NEW NOTICE 1: THIS STORY IS CURRENTLY UNDER REVISION AND MILD HIATUS. You are more than free to read the old version, but I would like to notify my readers that it is going through a slight change to improve its quality, seeing that many people are following, I feel as though I can improve my writing to make it more adequate in quality. I have come to this verdict after reading my writing and frowning upon the errors. I will also be working on a prequel to this, now that Peter Jackson is finished with the Hobbit. I sincerely thank all of you and apologize for my lack of response. Your reviews, follows, comments of interest in this story are very encouraging and they are a constant reminder of why I love writing. I may not be brilliant at it, but I'm certainly not going to stop trying to be. With Utmost Sincerity and Well wishes for the Holidays, E.L Wright(formerly) Quick introduction, it shan't take long. Greetings to you, dear reader. I would just like to express my thanks for you taking the time to read this story. Before you continue, I would just like to give you a slight prelude with some background information on the creation of this fanfiction. I grew up reading Tolkien's books and watching the films. Needless to say I fell in love with it. BUT I also grew up with Christopher Paolini's Inheritance cycle, and it fueled my love for dragons. I was a little sad at Tolkien's portrayal of dragons but by no means snide in that sadness. So I decided to take things into my own hands and combine my love of dragons with my love of Tolkien's fantasy realm. I would like it to be noted that a great deal of inspiration with the dragons and their culture in this story is inspired by Christopher Paolini's Inheritance Cycle. So without a doubt, you will see many similarities. I categorized it in the LOTR fanfic category because it does not take place in the Inheritance universe. It doestake aspects of the Eragon series such as the Ancient Language, metallurgy, dragons, and names. I also have been inspired, in lesser ways, by How to Train Your Dragon when I began to formulate the characteristics of different dragons. So please... No flames or criticism about what is bolded and/or underlined. I tried the best I could to balance out making the story fit into to the books and the films, but pardon if it doesn't quite fit the written history of Tolkien's realm, for I am a little rusty on my book-knowledge. With that being said, please read and review! With Utmost Sincerely, E.L Wright(formerly) Disclaimer: I do not own LOTR, or any of the characters of LOTR universe. (Is this how a disclaimer supposed to be? I feel like I'm failing miserably:/) Chapter 1: At the End of One Thing A strange woman was living amongst them. The Shire was alive with whispers and gossip of the latest news of their odd neighbor that lived opulently on Bag End. He, and by he - Bilbo Baggins of Bag End, returned with a woman from that disapproving adventure of his. Of all the things, from riches to the most tumultuous of stories he came back with, he brought a woman! How scandalous! But of course he emphasized his relations with the female were merely platonic, but still…. To have a woman, a non-Hobbit woman nonetheless, to stay with the bachelor in Bag End was odd and unheard of. Then again… Bilbo Baggins had become an odd singularity amongst them ever since he returned from that blasphemous adventure! The woman in mention didn't seem to be irked or disturbed in the slightest at the whispers and side glances. She entered the Shire with nothing more than a silent stride beside Bilbo. There was little she did to disturb their peace, there was just something about how she was that was the primary issue. Upon first sight, Hobbits felt a sudden terror strike their soul, raising alarms amongst them. By no way were they terrified because she was hideous in any manner of her appearance. No, her appearance seemed quite the contrary. The woman in question and hot topic was not hideous at all. She was a comely lass with lustrous raven hair. It hung in large, loose curls down her slender back when left untamed from its usual lengthy braid. Her olive skin was fair, smooth and unflawed by any pockmarks or freckles. Nor were those storm shaded eyes of hers, complimented by a frame of lashes, by any means unpleasant. Perhaps what could remain to be the only exception were the two lines of scarred skin running along her right face; one on her cheekbone and the other running just after the ear and to the hollow of her cheek as though she had the misfortune and slim luck of encountering and barely evading the anger of a beast with savage talons. It was not an outrageously ugly scar but a scar that told of ugly things. No… It was her demeanor that terrified them. As comely as the maiden was, every move she made, the way she gazed, and even the air around her permeated something ferocious. She was clothed like an odd man, in black trousers, worn boots, and an old robe of plain grey with black trim draping her lithe frame down to the midsection of her thighs, held in place by a plain leather waist belt. A piece of navy garment resembling a large, tattered shawl cloaked her figure bequeathing her the appearance of a long lived vagabond. Two different swords were strapped to her back, and the star sapphire pommel of one in particular gleamed with a foreboding, powerful air. With the sharp points at the tips of her ridged ears, they thought her to be an odd rugged sort of elf or perhaps had elvish blood in her. But she moved with an edge that was unlike the grace of the fair folk; it was less fluid and more fearsome. With a mere narrowing of her eyes or even a simple stoic stare she struck fear into hearts of those with the misfortune of meeting her frosty edge. Perhaps it was the way she stood that made her unapproachable. That scar certainly did not help to lessen the strike of fear in the hobbit folk. As petite she appeared, hardly anything about her exuded any form of delicacy or even mercy and kindness. In the first week of her stay, many were too nervous to introduce and inquire directly upon the identity of Bilbo's latest guest. What they found to be more alienating about Bilbo was his genuine ease with the intimidating female. When Bilbo went to his rich hobbit hole of Bag End with her in tow, he was merry. He smiled at her amicably as he opened the round door of his estate and together the two oddities went into the home under the hill. He would be seen with that same fond smile always directed towards her, as though she were a cherished friend when they sat together quietly; him with his pipe and her quietly assessing her surroundings upon a patch of grass beside his humble bench with a book in hand, sketching to her hearts content or giving him one of her rare smiles when they spoke of some cheery topic amongst themselves. When the nosier neighbors of his finally managed to intercept him without his intimidating companion, they inquired, "Who is that lass? Isn't that Gandalf's apprentice? What's she doing here?" Those that knew of Mithrandir also knew of the rumor that spread near and far across the land. It was said that the Istari had picked up an apprentice centuries ago, something unheard of. The apprentice shadowed him for quite some time in the second age, coming and going like an elusive patch of fog roaming about the wet season. Very few new the origins of the apprentice but myths said that she was a female enchantress, a lady Maia whose presence in Middle Earth was either hidden in plain sight… or the foreteller of an oncoming storm. Bilbo finally glanced at them with a pleasant smirk. "I'm surprised you didn't come knocking the moment I returned home." He was no fool of a Took, although he did have some Took blood. He noticed those blatant stares and cautious glances. One would have to be a blind bumbling fool not too. "Are you mad? With that woman around, I hardly have the courage to pass your front gates!" His neighbor exclaimed. Bilbo was hardly offended, for his first impression of her was also very much like his folks. But it was unfair to determine the spirit of someone's character purely by their countenance without striking a good conversation or two. "Shall I introduce you?" He offered politely. It wasn't the first time the she was in the Shire, but this was the first time she was staying and with such blatant intentions of doing so without concealment. The neighbors vigorously shook their heads, and he chuckled. "At some point you will have to meet her in person. Don't worry, she is quite kind." "Another time, Bilbo." They passed upon the opportunity with great enthusiasm. "But tell us the name of your guest, at least!" He decided to amuse them. "Her name is Elysia. Please come and visit if you're so curious! She's not unapproachable." Bilbo assured. They were not assured by his assurance. "That old grey pilgrim has addled your brain, Bilbo! She's the epitome of unapproachable." At this declaration, Bilbo's civility and pleasantness waned. A small displeased frown came to his features as he spoke in a sterner voice. "Now listen here," Finger raised in the air and shaking. "Elysia will be staying with me for quite some time, and she is a dear friend to me… Family even. I won't tolerate any ill will from any hobbit towards her. In fact, I expect her to be treated like a Baggins -" They gaped at this proclamation. "-of Bag End !" He stated with finality, stomping a resolute foot on the soil of his property. The neighbors were affronted by Bilbo's newfound austerity. He spoke so firmly they were unable to find the words to argue. Despite the ice and rough start, time passed and eventually Elysia was accepted into the Hobbit community even more so than Gandalf was. In time, the Shire folk discovered Elysia had not made a single viable threat to them in her stay. She had little ill will, and many would even go as far as to say they enjoyed her presence. Although still a befuddling enigma, she guarded the much treasured peace of the Shire community. Indeed, she was a being of much curiosity and amusements, but eventually her intimidating demeanor's edge began to fade like a blade being sheathed. The people began to warm to her and her to them. The younglings of the Shire were particularly fond of her when they discovered she gave the most wonderful little shows of magic much like Gandalf did. When they spotted Elysia, many would swarm around her, pleading for another enchanting display of magic; from conjuring a twister of petals in her hand to snapping her fingers and bringing forth a bright crack of light before showering them with tickling sparks that brought peals of laughter. The older Hobbits warmed up to her presence as she offered