prompt: victors , sorrow found me when I was young; sorrow waited, sorrow won Chapter 1: Districts 1 & 2 Cashmere Little sister, first Victor. That's the way it is in District One. The girls go in at sixteen, young enough to tempt the sponsors, and that means Cashmere graduates from the Academy while her older brother still has a year to go. She doesn't think anything of it until they pull her from the Arena, scrub the blood and filth and charcoal from her skin. They have to trim her nails down to the quick to remove the last of the Four Boy's guts. She stinks of death and sweat and rotting wounds. It sticks in her nose even after she's been rubbed pink and clean, rinsed with perfume and wrapped in a robe of soft, soft wool. "Like your name, sweetie," whispers one of the prep team, and strokes a hand over Cashmere's hair as she stares at the wall and imagines it splashed with red. Everyone wants to touch her, and she's a Victor now and that means they can. They all want a taste of the merchandise before they commit to buying. Cashmere staved in the skull of another boy with her mace, but now she has to smile and wink when one of the sponsors slides his hand up her skirt at a party. She pats his wrist and thinks about snapping the bones in two. Later that night she grips the headboard and imagines smashing his head against it until the skull fractures and the pillows lie heavy with blood. In the time between her win and the day her brother stands on the reaping stage, Cashmere learns truths no one should ever have to see. She peels back the ugly surface of the world and peers into its decaying soul. There are secrets in this world that no little sister should ever have to tell her big brother, assuming he ever makes it out to hear them. One year later, Gloss staggers from the Arena, soaked in blood and grinning like a madman. Cashmere weeps and hurls a lamp against the wall because he made it out alive. Gloss When Cash was six, she skinned her knee. They were running, racing up a hill, and Cash was faster than him even then but he was bigger and he used to cheat. He took a rocky path up that her little pink sandals couldn't handle, and her shoe snapped against a stone and down she went. She wailed and wailed and Gloss ran back, and when he scoffed and said it wasn't anything she threw a rock at his head. "I know that!" She scowled at him, cheeks puffed out. "I'm not a baby. You're supposed to kiss it better anyway. You're the worst big brother ever!" Well, that taught him quick. Gloss kissed her knee, then her forehead, then he carried her piggyback down the mountain with her drumming on his head and giving him commands like a horse. Gloss loves the Academy for giving him a purpose, for showing him what he always used to think, that he and Cash are special. He loves the Capitol for giving them the opportunity to serve, to be a hero. He's not a little jealous that he has to wait until after Cash wins to get his turn, but the Academy knows best and he trusts them to do the right thing. Nothing prepares him for the Arena, for the pain and the screams and the horror, but it's worth it when he makes it out, when he stands on that stage in front of thousands of people screaming his name, and his sister waits for him on stage, resplendent and glorious. Until she takes him in her arms that night, holds his face, and tells him that the worst horrors are yet to come. He looks at her - really looks - and sees the wild darkness in her eyes. Somewhere in the year since he wished her well and the train took her away they've taken the little girl with the pink plastic shoes and replaced her with something twisted and hard. He asks what happened. She says, "You'll see." Cash isn't his little sister anymore. He hates them for taking that away, even before he finds out how. Brutus Brutus is five years old when one of the girls at school calls his dad a dirty quarry rat. Brutus pushes her down and grinds her face into the dirt until she takes it back. The school calls home, and Dad actually leaves the mines early - that means he doesn't get paid for the afternoon, that means he'll have to work longer tomorrow - to come pick Brutus up and take him home. He takes Brutus out back behind the house and makes him move a pile of rocks from one side of the yard to the other. "Real men don't hit girls," Dad says, and his eyes are dark with disappointment and that's worse than trembling arm muscles and sore shoulders. He cuts off Brutus' protest with a look. "I don't care what she said, little man, that's not how we behave." Brutus tries. He really does. He loves his parents and he knows they're best, but the other kids don't get it. The other kids are stuck-up or stupid or mean, and sometimes the anger gets so strong that the only thing Brutus can do is lash out. He tries to keep it to the older boys who like to fight, but sometimes the girls laugh at him and he can't help it. It's the worst thing in the world to be laughed at by a girl. The third time it happens Dad moves rocks with him, and that's after fifteen hours in the quarries. Dad's exhausted and hungry and just wants to go inside to eat supper and go to bed, but he stays outside and hauls the rocks across the yard with Brutus, and that sticks in Brutus' throat like a chicken bone. Dad doesn't hit girls. Dad's a good man. Brutus is - he doesn't know what he is. He knows what he wants to be, but then the next day one of the girls sneers at his patched clothes and the rage boils up again. School says he needs to join the Program or be expelled, and that means Mom would have to stay home with him all day and that means less money and that means less food. They tell Mom and Dad there's a stipend, that they'll get money every year he's in the Program. Brutus sits up straight in the hard wooden chair and tries to look grown up. "I want to do it," he tells them. "I want to go. I can contribute." Contribute is a word he knows. It's a word that chafes him because his parents do and he can't, not yet, but now he can. "He doesn't have to go all the way," Mom says to Dad. She lays a hand on his shoulder. "It might help him to channel his anger." "They ain't gonna channel it, they're gonna encourage it," Dad says in a low, furious voice. "They're gonna fan it and use it and make it worse." But Brutus is in the room and they don't fight in front of Brutus. That means there will be hushed, sharp whispers from behind the bedroom door tonight. "In the early stages it's more of an extracurricular athletics program," says the principal, but he looks at Brutus, at his strong arms - Brutus has to move a lot of rocks - with something strange curling under his expression. "There's no obligation to continue." "I want to," Brutus says again. Dad sighs and looks at his hands. "Will they make him fight?" "Oh, no, not until much later," the principal says. "No one's forcing you to make a decision right now, of course. Take the brochures with you. Recruitment doesn't begin until he's seven, so you have plenty of time." They take Brutus to the Centre just to see it. There's lots of kids from all over the district - that makes him nervous, lots of people to laugh at him and call his parents names - but they all wear the same thing, bright white uniforms provided by the Program, and that means no one can look at his clothes and laugh at him or say his parents shouldn't have had a kid. There's food, too, and Brutus and his family don't need charity but at the same time he ain't ever seen strawberries like that before. Dad and Mom have a lot of closed-door conversations and Brutus does his best to be good and finally Dad says yes. The first day of training, Dad takes Brutus there himself. They get to the big white building with the big big doors, and Dad kneels down and holds Brutus by the shoulders like he's a man. "Remember," Dad says, and this is important, it's the face he makes when Brutus ain't allowed to forget. "Remember, whatever they tell you, you don't have to hurt anyone. Okay? Remember what real men do." "Real men don't hit girls," Brutus echoes, and an older girl breezing through the door overhears and winks at him. Her grin is wide and sharp and he thinks she probably wouldn't mind if he did. They don't make him fight at first. It's just games, lots of running fast and climbing things and throwing things, and they play at running around in the woods and throwing balls at each other and that's not so bad. Nothing to be scared about. Until the afternoon that one of the bigger girls knocks Brutus away from the rope he was climbing, and when he says it's his she tells him to make her give it back if he wants it so bad. He's about to when he remembers Dad's warning, and so Brutus lets her and she laughs and one of the trainers makes a disappointed 'tch' sound and tells him maybe he shouldn't be here after all if he can't be the least bit competitive. It burns under his skin all day, and when Dad comes home, for the first time in his whole life Brutus doesn't run to the door to greet him. "Uh oh," Dad says, and he sits next to Brutus on the couch. "What'd your old man do?" Brutus tells him, and Dad's face goes pinched around the nose. "What was I supposed to do?" Brutus demands. "She's bigger than me. Asking nicely don't work in the Centre. You get in trouble if you say 'please'. If I can't then they'll cut me and then there's no more money and I won't be able to contribute anymore." He'll have to go back to school, full of kids who don't understand what it's like to feel like he's holding a whole rushing river underneath his skin. Dad swallows. "All right, new rule, then. When you're in the Centre, you can hit a girl as long as she's bigger and stronger than you. Okay?" The next day Brutus finds her - she's with her friends, laughing as they throw hard, bouncy balls against the wall and try to hit each other on the rebound - and shoves her down. She leaps up, face red, and they fight and she pulls his hair and he kicks her in the stomach and in the end he's not sure who wins because the trainers pull them apart. They tell him to go back to his age group, but they give him a cookie first. Brutus usually doesn't care much for the Centre food but the cookie tastes good today, though it leaves a weird, guilty taste in his mouth. He's eight when one of the girls in his age group - she's from the quarries too but her family ain't as good