It's just a stupid prank. Hazing happens to all the new kids in Residential for at least a year - until they do their human kill, usually - but Claudius is only eight and his human kill is a long time off. Plus Claudius is special, he's in Residential six years early, and it's not just because his parents hate him because they could have put him anywhere and they chose to let him stay here. It makes sense that he'll get pranked the same as any of the thirteen-year-olds. Lucky for him Claudius is mean and clever so they usually can't catch him, but there's only so much he can do when four sixteen-year-olds grab him on his way back to his room after evening free time. "Where are you going, little runt?" Jason asks, and Claudius twists and flails and tries to bite them but there are too many and he can't. The good thing is that unless Claudius has some kind of growth deficiency the Centre doctors haven't detected, he will never be in the Arena with people that much bigger than him. He keeps that thought in his head while they laugh and carry him through the hallway with his hands pinned to his sides and hands in his hair keeping his head still, all the way until they open the door of a side cupboard and throw him inside. "We'll be back," calls Castor through the door, and the lock snicks into place. "If we don't forget, anyway." It's just a prank. It's just a stupid prank; they'll have to come get him before lights-out, and when they do Claudius will be ready for them. As soon as the door opens he'll bite their hands and stomp on their toes and punch their kneecaps, and when they collapse it'll be the throats next and then the noses and then the eyes and no one will ever, ever put him in a closet again. Claudius doesn't get as many 'excessive force' warnings when he's retaliating against hazing, because that's not excessive, that's justice. The Centre understands the difference. He counts off the minutes in his head - the trainers teach them that early, because when someone tells you to do five minutes of wall sits they don't have time to stand around and time you but they will know if you leave early - and ticks off how much time he has to stay here. It's just over an hour until lights-out, and that's not that bad. Claudius has stayed in closets and cupboards for longer. If they think he'll get scared or bored they're wrong. It is dark, though. Claudius feels around inside, and his fingers hit some cleaning supplies and he almost trips over a bucket but there's no flashlight or anything he can use to make light. He even climbs the shelves and swipes his hand along the ceiling, but either they didn't bother to put a lamp inside or it's too far toward the middle because he can't reach it. That's fine, too. Dark is just dark, it's not like there are monsters or anything. Claudius sleeps with the nightlight Laverna gave him but he doesn't need to, it's just because why should he stub his toes on the desk when he doesn't have to, that's all. Claudius doesn't care about the dark. He finds a corner and flattens his hands to the walls on either side of him and counts away the seconds, and it's fine except the walls keep trying to move closer and the ceiling presses down and was that box right up against his feet a second ago, he didn't think so but it's here now and boxes don't move so that must be the walls - How long have they been gone? Four thousand seconds, that's longer than he's ever counted, which means they should be coming to let him out soon. Claudius closes his eyes, because if he closes his eyes then it's not that it's dark, it's just that he has his eyes closed. He wraps his arms around himself and rocks back and forth because that keeps his butt from falling asleep. That's all. Five thousand seconds. Six thousand seconds. Seven thousand seconds. They're not coming. No one is coming. Claudius is alone in the dark, and he tries to go through the death list - he doesn't know much yet, just the first decade or so - but he can't count the seconds and get all the names right at the same time. He loses his place with both. It's easier to pick up the list than remember where he was - somewhere after eight thousand, higher than he's ever counted before, what's going on - and so Claudius starts over again with the deaths. He can't usually remember past the first two hundred-fifty, but he tries. Oh, he tries. Maybe if he remembers more they'll let him out, because bad boys get locked in closets until they remember how not to be bad. Claudius has to prove he's good, that he'll behave, that he won't do it again, only he doesn't remember what he did and that means no matter how many times he says sorry it won't count. "You know what you did," she always says to him, her fingernails sharp in his shoulder. "You know what you did, now tell me what you did so I know you've learned." "I don't remember," Claudius says to the dark, and the dark laughs at him. He doesn't remember and she won't tell him because that's not the point , Claudius, won't you ever learn , and the only good thing is that he's crying. He can feel it on his face and on his fingers, wet and slimy, and when he cries that makes her happy because only little boys cry, not monsters, and it reminds her that he's still her little boy. At least until the next time he lets the monster out and she has to lock him away again. Only she's never locked him away this long before. Claudius lost track but he knows it's a long long time. He's stiff and cold and maybe she forgot about him, maybe he'll stay here forever. Maybe she and Jeremy packed up their things and left him here. Maybe they're laughing and driving to the nearest children's home to pick up a new son who doesn't have a demon inside. Except that Claudius can't find the demon or the monster or anything else, it's just him and the dark and the blood sliding down his fingers because he's been trying to open the door with his bare hands and tore his fingernails off against the hinges. Claudius scoots back against the far wall, and he throws himself backwards, hits his head against the wall again and again and again until the pain shoots through his skull and finally everything goes away. Daniel is growing up to be a good boy. Laverna's proud of him. He does all right in school - not amazing, but all right - and he gets by in sports, but Laverna's proudest that he knows what's important. This morning when getting ready for school he took out his favourite jacket, the one with all the pockets that could hold everything from a whole family of frogs to all his marbles and still have room for more, and he looked up at her and said, "Mom, do you think Claudius would like this?" He's a good boy, her son, and so today Laverna walks to the Centre with a spring in her step, Daniel's jacket tucked under her shoulder. Claudius will probably steal half the knives from the supply room and secret them away in the pockets, along with all those jam tarts the cooks like to slip him when they think no one notices, but it's good. He's a trainee, sure, but he's still a little boy, and it's a long way to go before he's only allowed to be one of those things. Laverna barely makes it inside the complex when a group of Sixteens accosts her in the hallway, hanging back and pressing themselves back against the walls like they've been skulking a while. Laverna doesn't deal with the Seniors and Intermediaries, but they've obviously been waiting for her. She raises an eyebrow. "Your trainer know you're skipping morning sessions?" "We needed you," says the biggest boy, his face pale. "It was a joke, but we forgot about him, kinda, and then it was lights out and I figured he'd just sleep, kids need to sleep, right -" Just like that, Laverna's polite curiosity face drops, and the boys jerk back, grimacing. "Where is he?" "He's still in there, we were gonna let him out this morning but he'd pissed himself, the whole place stank, so we thought we'd better get a trainer -" "You," Laverna snaps, pointing to the big one's cronies, "You go to the weight room and you start doing chin-ups and I don't want you to stop until I come find you, even if your arms fall off. Do you understand?" They say "yes sir" and run off, and one thing about trainees, they're almost grateful when you punish them because then they know what to do. Once they disappear around the corner, Laverna puts them out of her mind. "Take me," she says to the ringleader. She doesn't chitchat with him as they move through the corridors, and Laverna still has Daniel's jacket slung over her arm. The boy is jittery, as he well should be, because teasing might be part of Centre life but no Sixteen should be proud of harassing a boy who's too young to be here and he knows it. Laverna's impulse is to slap them all with a black mark on their record, but if being a mother has taught her anything, it's that children - even ones who've taken several lives - are often little idiots who seldom think about repercussions. Trainees who face death on a regular basis have an even more skewed idea of acceptable behaviour. Finally the boy leads her to a closet along a side corridor, and Laverna nods. "Your idea?" she asks, and he hesitates for a second but then nods. "Find the weight room, you go until your arms drop and you have to go to Medical. When you get there, you tell them exactly why you're there." "Yes sir," he mumbles. Laverna flips the latch on the handle and opens the door, where the smell of stale urine hits her in the face like a slap. She lets herself flinch for a brief second before it washes over her, and then she kneels down on the floor. "Claudius," she says softly, pushing the door as wide as it will go so the pale hallway lights creep into the dark. "I'm here, it's okay.' He's curled in a ball in the back, sobbing quietly the way children do when there's no point in being loud because no one who cares is around to hear. "I'll be good," he whimpers. "I will, I'm sorry, I'll be good, I won't do it again. Tell me what I did and I won't do it again, I promise, I'll be good, I'll be good." The rage spikes, and Laverna allows it to build before swallowing it down. "You've been very good," she tells him, slow and soothing. "Those other boys were very bad. But I'm here now." Claudius unrolls a little and peers at her with one swollen, reddened eye. "Boys? What boys?" he sniffs, then frowns. "You're not Mom." Oh. This time Laverna has to do a ten-count before she can push back the fury. Asshole children are one thing, especially when they're trained to murder. A grownup has no excuse. "No, I'm not, because she's not here. You never have to see her again. Remember?" Claudius lets out a long