When Madeline's Pa was a boy, the artisan he sold his finished stone to tried to cut his prices, knowing Pa had nowhere else to go and no one to sell it to, not without losing the extra on transit. Pa couldn't stop him, so he did the next best thing: he found the man's pretty, naive daughter and stuck it to her out behind the back of the shop one night, with nothing more than a stolen blanket and a handful of half-melted candles to set the mood. Seven months later she showed up at his door, big-bellied and black-eyed and sobbing. He hadn't thought she'd been old enough for that, but turns out old enough to look like that - old enough to do what they did - and apparently that's all the miracle of life needed. Lucky for him there'd been a drop in Panem's fertility rate that decade and the government was awarding stipends to new families, so they got married at the courthouse. Pa got enough money to buy that diamond-tipped saw he'd been working on, and Mama got saved from a life of disgrace. It's the first bedtime story Madeline learns by heart. She even knows to stop and spit onto the ground at every mention of her granddaddy, a monster she's never met. "And you, little girl," is how it always ends, Pa's callused finger pointing at her face, "you'd better be grateful, because I could've let you and your Mama starve to death in the streets. I could've let your Mama be passed around the rail yard like so much trash instead of making her an honest woman. But I didn't, because I'm a decent human being, and you best not forget that." "No, Pa," Madeline says dutifully, standing straight with her chin up and her hands at her sides. "That's right," Pa says with satisfaction, leaning back in his chair. "Now you do your job, little missy, and grow up pretty so we can find some rich idiot to trade you to when you're old enough." She doesn't know what most of the story means until later. She just knows it makes Mama's mouth go thin if she's in the room. When she's very small, too small to count past her fingers, Madeline keeps saying her name wrong. The last 'n' is hard, it sticks in her nose and it sounds wrong, all thin and nasty like a sneer. 'M' sounds better, softer and warmer, and 'Made-lime' is both easier for her to wrap her mouth around and nicer in her ears. It's not like she has any friends who aren't imaginary yet, and so Madeline gets away with it until the day Pa catches her building a tower of blocks and singing to herself ( Made-lime, Made-lime, bestest person all the time ) and gives her a sharp smack across the palm with a ruler. "You're old enough to get your name right," he snaps at her while Madeline stares up at him, eyes wide, the block tower scattered all over the floor. She can't say the letter 's' right either, and he cures her the same way. By the time she's three, Madeline enunciates clearer than most kids three times her age. Adults compliment her on it all the time, how grown up she sounds, and she smiles at them and says 'thank you' and hides her hand behind her back. Madeline's one of the only kids at school without brothers or sisters. She was a hard birth, Mama told her when she asked; Mama was young and Madeline came out kicking and screaming, and the doctors almost lost them both. "Lost us where?" Madeline asks once. She's five years old. "Far away," Mama says. "Over the mountains, past the district boundary. We never would've come back. We were lucky, but they told Pa not to try to give me another baby or it'd happen for sure." Madeline frowns and picks at a loose seam at the hem of her skirt before Mama slaps her hand away. Fabric is expensive, and Madeline has a habit of ruining everything she touches. "Why did you let Pa give you a baby if it was dangerous?" Mama laughs, low and dark, and it's not a nice sound. It makes the hairs on Madeline's arms stand up. "Oh, baby girl, I didn't have a choice." There's a rock in her throat and spiders in her blood, and Madeline fights to sound normal. "You mean a boy can just give you a baby and you can't say no?" Mama hesitates. "There are ways to get rid of it before it's too late," she says carefully, "but they're dangerous. You better stay away from boys altogether until your Pa says it's okay." That night Madeline sneaks into Pa's workshop and steals a chisel, crouching down in the darkness and striking the edge until she wears it to a point. She keeps it under her pillow when she sleeps and straps it to her leg under her skirt when she leaves the house. No boys will be giving her babies without her knowing about it. She learns early the different ways of being afraid, the ones that are useless and the ones that make sense, the ones she can stop and the ones she can't. She learns the things it's smart to be afraid of whether she is or not. Madeline is afraid of thunder first, when she's really little, too little to know better. Pa laughs and smacks his leg when the booms rattle the house and Madeline gasps and tries to hide under the blanket. He tells her thunder can't touch her, though if she's stupid enough to go outside during a storm the lightning might get her. Madeline hates being laughed at but it does help, because she's never afraid of thunder again. She sits right by the window and snarls at the flashes of light as they turn the air white, daring them to hit her, but they can't. It's the first time Madeline feels powerful. She's afraid of babies. They're tiny and wet and needy and they scream and cry and drool and ruin people's lives and you can't give them back when someone gives them to you. The first time one of Mama's friends comes over she tries to hand her baby to Madeline - tries to trick her, obviously thinking she's too young to understand the rules - but Madeline knows better and so she scrambles back and runs away. Mama scolds her, her friend chuckles, and Madeline lets out a breath of relief. After that, whenever people with babies are around she makes sure to drop things and break them and run into them so they know babies aren't safe with her. People stop trying to hand her babies, so that's that one safe, but Madeline still can't quite erase the fear. She's not afraid of the tools in Pa's workshop, even though he tells her all the ways she could mangle herself if she used them wrong. He tells her stories of men without fingers, with bashed-up hands, how if you slice your thumb off with the right kind of saw you don't even feel it until you pass out from the blood. But Madeline just narrows her eyes and listens to Pa when he gives her the safety rules, and soon enough he lets her help him work the ashlar. Madeline is not afraid of Pa, even though she should be. She knows she should be because Mama is, and Mama is older and knows best and Madeline should listen to her. There are lots of things about Pa to be afraid: his big stomping steps through the house when he's mad; the way he likes to pick up a ruler or a big spoon and slap it against his hand, or hold his belt in a loop and snap it tight, when he's using his angry voice. Mama tells Madeline she should be, tugs her down by the arm and holds her tight until her fingers dig into Madeline's skin and leave red marks, tells her she needs to stop looking Pa in the eye when he gets in one of his moods or she'll get in trouble. Madeline tries her best. The next time Pa comes home from work mad - some customer tried to cheat him, he says - and starts slamming things around the house, Madeline digs deep inside her, searches for the fear she feels when she looks at babies, the fear that makes Mama's face turn white and her eyes go big, and for a second she thinks she hits it. Her stomach lurches and her blood goes hot except it's not fear, it's not fear at all, it's something else. Something that turns her hands into fists and makes her clench her teeth so hard her jaw hurts and her chin shakes. When Pa storms into the room, Madeline stares up at him, her eyes hard and determined. Pa stops and glares down at her. "What are you looking at, little girl?" he demands. "We're not the customer," Madeline says, clear and distinct and hissing on the letter 's' with her tongue safely behind her teeth just like he taught her. "You shouldn't get mad at us. It's not our fault." Pa stares at her, shock and fury turning his mouth into a big 'o', and he takes a step. There, finally, is fear, just for a second, running through Madeline like a lightning strike, but she holds still, pretends she's a big tree rooted in the ground and he can't move her. Finally Pa stops and points his finger at her face like he always does. "If you weren't a girl," he says, letting the sentence trail off, and then off he goes, his feet making the pictures on the wall shake. Madeline lets out a long breath, and her legs only wobble a little. The thing is, she doesn't like Mama that much either. Madeline hates the way Mama cringes when Pa's around - she's convinced that Pa is like mountain lions, if you gasp and run they'll chase you, but if you stare them down and wave your arms and throw rocks at them they'll leave - and the way Mama always makes excuses for him. The first time Madeline walked in and saw Mama holding a towel full of ice to her face she felt bad, but then Mama told Madeline it was her own fault, she shouldn't have started on him about coming home late when he works hard and deserves time to go get drinks with his friends. After that Madeline feels nothing but a sick, curling disgust where her sympathy should be. She doesn't like Mama because Mama makes her wear dresses and keep her hair long, even though her skirts tear when she climbs rocks and her hair always flies into her eyes and gets stuck in tree branches. Then Madeline has to come home and listen to Mama scold her about ladylike behaviour and ruining her pretty clothes. "What does that even mean?" Madeline grumps one afternoon, sitting with her arms folded across her chest, scowling at the mirror. Mama stands behind her, ripping a comb through her hair hard enough to hurt, and muttering to herself under her breath about girls who don't know how to comport themselves. Madeline just grits her teeth and refuses to say ouch when her scalp stings. "What's ladylike? Going out behind the shop with a boy and letting him give you a baby? If that's being a lady I don't think I want to be one." Mama gasps, and she wrenches the stool around and slaps Madeline right across the face, hard. "Don't you ever say that again!" she spits, and her face is white with two angry red spots on her cheeks. "Don't you dare!" Madeline just stares at her, the same