[From this prompt on Tumblr: an AU where there was no rebellion and Brutus won the 75th Hunger Games.] Brutus will never know what woke him. The oppressive heat, the headache that's pounded in his temples for three days, the whine of insects in his ear like a drill through his skull … a shift in the underbrush, an animal moving in the trees overhead, the telltale rasp of metal against leather, years of training and paranoia long-buried and now dragged screaming to the surface … In the end it doesn't matter. One minute Brutus is stretched out on the jungle floor with his sword tucked against his chest, the next he's staring up at Enobaria standing over him, the firelight flickering on the gold tips of her fangs and the naked blade she's holding at his throat. Time slows. Brutus' brain fires at high speed, turning over a thousand possibilities: he's dreaming, he's hallucinating from lack of sleep and dehydration, this is Enobaria playing a joke, there's a giant leech on his neck and she's about to pluck it off and they'll both laugh about it later, except when does Enobaria ever joke, when is anything in the Arena ever less than deadly, he needs to find his weapon, get into guard, needs to fight her off without killing her, not yet, needs to convince her it's not time to split the pack yet there's still half the Arena left to fight alone they don't have the strength — A cannon fires and Brutus jerks back. There's blood, hot and wet on his hands, smearing his fingers, his palms, all the way up to his wrists. There's blood on his sword too, only he can't see most of it because it's inside Enobaria, shoved right through her to the hilt. He can't see the blood on Enobaria, funny enough, it's too dark and it doesn't show up against her smooth dark skin in the low lighting — it will for the cameras, they have filters for that, he thinks distantly — but there's a glistening wetness at her mouth and her eyes stare blankly up at him, wide and white-rimmed and accusing. It wasn't supposed to be like this. Brutus promised Lyme he'd fight, he promised her he wouldn't lie down and let Enobaria take the crown without trying, but he didn't — he never — he thought they'd split up, that if he won she'd go down fighting someone else and he'd get to avenge her killer and come back with at least a little of that balm on his conscience. Except that was stupid, childish, the kind of daydream a young tribute tells himself, and Brutus knew better. If the last year has taught him anything it's that there is no honour, no reward, and no redemption, not for him, not anymore. He wants to scramble away from her body, wants to turn and vomit in the bushes until he forgets the feeling of Enobaria turning deadweight in his arms, the thrust of his sword that turned a living, breathing person into meat — but of course he can't. Brutus is here and he hates every second but that's not his job, not his role, not him , and so he pushes back the distaste, swallows the bile, and lets nothing touch his face. Brutus pulls his sword free, wipes the blade against his leg. He kneels, takes Enobaria's hands and crosses her arms over her chest before the rictus sets in, bends her hands so the blades lie in a V below her collarbone. He can't show regret at her death but he doesn't have to pretend he liked it, either, thank Snow for small mercies, and when he finishes giving her a good warrior's rest — eyes open, face snarling at the sky — Brutus steps back. For the briefest moment Brutus thinks of Nero, wonders if Enobaria's mentor will do the district-honourable thing and transfer his unused funds to Odin like he would in a normal year — but those are mentor thoughts and Brutus is not a mentor. He touches his fist to his chest, and he doesn't say the usual Two invocation because Enobaria would hate it but there's nothing else to say, and so he drops his fist and turns away. There's no more sleeping now, not with the adrenaline still pounding in his blood before the inevitable crash that will leave him shaking. Brutus gathers their supplies, stamps out the fire, and cuts a path back through the jungle. He hears the hovercraft descend but doesn't turn, can't bear to see the limp ragdoll dangle of the body in its claws. Dawn breaks across the island, tongues of blood-red and gold licking across the eerie pink sky as Brutus staggers from the jungle, one leg dragging behind him, blood spattering from a gash in his thigh onto the wide green leaves at his feet. The beast behind him lies dead, jaws agape, claws still stained from where they caught him, but Brutus killed him and that makes this one wedge that's safe all twenty-four hours of the day now, at least. Unless the Gamemakers send something else, but so far they've been consistent. Brutus collapses onto the sand just past the tree line, watching the blood eddy and pool into a thick, dark slurry. His thoughts run slow, delayed by pain and exhaustion, as he stares up at the painted sky. Hard to remember that just over a day ago he and the others were crouched here, watching the Alliance toss seafood into each other's mouths on the beach, laughing and giving each other playful shoves in the surf. Hard to remember that a few hours ago Enobaria was still alive. He's going to die here, probably. These Games were not made for him. Whatever show the President wants, whatever narrative he's trying to tell, it's clear that Brutus is not meant to be the Victor, not this time. He tried, he did his best to follow orders, play the game and do his part, but he's failed. It's not District 2 who will carry Panem past this hell and into the final quarter of the century, and it's all his fault. Brutus should be angrier about this — and he could be, maybe, there's a low curl in his gut if he looks for it — but mostly he's just tired . Bone-deep tired, the kind that drags him down, the way that drowning or freezing to death tricks you into thinking that you know what, just give up, it'll all be over soon. Over twenty-five years he's been doing this, his Arena and all those kids he mentored since, the death and starvation and murder for the sake of entertainment, and for what? What's the point of it anymore? What was the point of it ever ? He's still bleeding. He has no medical supplies, not even a needle and thread. He could strip off his shirt and make a tourniquet but the effort is too much, too hard. Instead Brutus finds himself staring at his thigh, watching the blood spread, the creep of liquid down the sand. The trickle will hit the edge of the surf soon and won't that be pretty, the dark almost-black of the thick, muddy blood turning a bright, startling scarlet once it hits the saltwater. Picturesque, that's the word. The two-tone note of a parachute pulls his attention away, and Brutus looks up to catch the canister before it hits him on the head. It's a medical kit — just the basics, some salve and material for stitching, plus a slap-on pressure bandage — and a canister of oatmeal, the good kind with bits of real apple and nuts mixed in. Brutus stares at it for a second, his throat tight, then sees the note. It's typed, of course, no time to send anything handwritten from the mentor's seat, and unsigned, but it may as well have been hand delivered by Lyme herself: THE FUCKING FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU? COME HOME SO I CAN KICK YOUR MOPEY ASS! Brutus blinks, sputters, then bursts out laughing right there in the sand. He laughs so hard his hand shakes and he stabs himself with the needle, keeps practically giggling until he almost dribbles the oatmeal down his front like a fucking child. "Thanks for that," he says when he finishes, saluting the sky with his eyes closed. "Message fucking received." He gives himself half an hour to rest, then picks up his things and takes a deliberate step — not back into the jungle, but onto the beach. It's time to hunt. Peeta Mellark dies first. Brutus catches him on the shore, standing lookout while the others hunt. He's standing in the surf, spear in hand, face twisted in a small grimace as he rubs at his leg. The metal is crusted with sand and salt, though at least the Capitol-made limb isn't rusting, but it's got to be hot under the sun and the skin has started to blister and redden, rubbed raw where the stump of his leg joins the prosthetic. He looks, Brutus thinks uncomfortably, seventeen, young and sunburnt and exhausted and way over his head. He squints out over the beach, blinking against the sun as he digs the heel of his hand into his thigh muscle. It's a quiet, human moment, and Brutus doesn't have time for this. They had their moment of camaraderie in the training room before the Arena but that was before, and the boy would kill Brutus if he had the chance and that's the way it has to be. Brutus kills him quickly, a sword thrust through the back, yanking the sword free in an arc that sends blood spattering across the sand. The kid falls, eyes comically wide and mouth hanging open, and Brutus dashes into the waves and runs across the surf to hide his tracks before darting back up into the trees and circling back through the woods. He's there when the cannon fires and Katniss Everdeen screams " Peeta !" in a ragged, heart-rending cry that not even a Career could fake. He's there when she crashes through the undergrowth, steps out and swings his sword across her throat like the world's deadliest clothesline while she's unslinging her bow. She falls, her blood a fountain from the severed arteries until her heart stops beating, and Brutus jumps back onto the shore to give himself better footing in case of pursuit. They both look young like that, bleeding out onto the sand, but he can't think about that. Guilt is the luxury of the living, and until the trumpets blow, Brutus is a dead man walking. Brutus waits on the shore, weapon ready, but the others are smart. They know what the cannons mean, they can do the math, and they're not about to rush out and make the same mistake Katniss did. All three of the remaining tributes are strategists as well as killers, and Beetee has been in this game even longer than Brutus has. If he's going to get out of this alive, he'll have to tilt the playing field. Absurdly, Brutus thinks of Enobaria, a memory so strong it stings. She was playing chess with Ronan on his porch, and Brutus stopped by on his evening run to watch because he couldn't imagine it ending well. Sure enough Ronan boxed her in, trapped all her key pieces with nowhere to go, and no matter what move she made he'd have her. Brutus had stood there, half ready to call for Nero in case Enobaria lost it, when instead she lifted one arm and swept all the pieces onto the ground except her king. "Whoops," Enobaria said, grinning toothily. "Looks like you didn't insure the board against an act of god." At the time Ronan had laughed, and Brutus had slapped his forehead before jogging back to