Brutus dies for his country like a good Two. He dies in the jungle, dies in the dirt and the leaves and the tangle of vines, dies with a snake slithering through the underbrush near his head. Dies with his limbs twitching and jerking and flailing, dies with his body failing around him, shutting down in pieces here and there like a broken machine. Dies with his hand on his heart and the eyes of his district watching him through the cameras. Dies with the sour taste of regret in his mouth. Dies pricked with the sting of shame because he is Two and loyalty and honour and duty and passion and a hundred other things that dissolved like ashes on his tongue and in the end meant absolutely nothing because death is death is death and it means nothing, it all means nothing, and why, why, why him, he was supposed to be safe, they were supposed to love him back - Brutus dies, exhausted and in pain and alone, leaking and spasming and broken, a tin soldier tossed into the fire and melted down. He dies — It's the day before the start of the 75th Hunger Games. Most of the Capitol citizens are at Games-parties; they'll cluster in bars and hotels and houses and drink and watch recaps and work themselves into a titter. Those in the Districts will be more careful; they'll be watching the broadcast at home, maybe in the Reaping Squares if they're keen, but they'll be watching. The tributes will be preparing for the interviews, or maybe trying to get some sleep after the final private training session; the mentors will be trying to work out last-minute strategies, cutting sponsorship deals, anything to give their kids an edge. The Peacekeeper Scouts are prepping, too, but in an entirely different way. Selene waits in the briefing room with her squadmates and the handful of other elite Scout teams that make up President Snow's private, elite force, standing or sitting in tense silence. Most of the Scouts have known each other for years; the newer members, like Selene and her partner Dash, have less of a rapport outside their own squads, but even with that, Scout gatherings are a place of long-standing camaraderie and friendly teasing. Today, though, the room feels dark, almost oppressive. The door bangs open and Captain Emin strides into the room. Her expression is tight and unhappy, just like it's been for the last eternity since the 75th Games season started and all the Scouts were recalled to the Capitol. At Selene's side, Dash shifts uncomfortably. This is only their second Games as Peacekeepers, and maybe that means they lack perspective, but the atmosphere at last year's briefing was … brisk, businesslike. Not like this. Selene glances sideways at Rigel and Marius, her team's senior scouts; their expressions are similarly grim. "Assignments for tomorrow," Emin announces without preamble, which is also not like it was last year. No welcome, no pep talk, nothing about the honour and privilege of serving at such a grand event. Not that Selene really needed one, but that's not the point. "First up, tribute duty." Emin taps the console and a display springs to life. Twenty-four light craft will go out tomorrow morning to take the Vic- — tributes , Selene reminds herself, they're tributes — to the Arena, the biggest simultaneous undertaking of the year. Each craft has a number and letter designation marking the tribute it will carry: no names, not here, and especially not now in a room full of ex-Careers who have idolized the Victor-tributes their whole lives. "Those of you with your name next to a craft, report in at oh-five-hundred tomorrow." Snapping back to attention, Selene registers that she and Dash are in one craft, Marius and Rigel in another. The four of them are usually sent up together, but for this transport duty – and given the number of Peacekeepers required to man each craft – they'll be split up, at least for the first day. Later on, when they run cover duty, they'll be working together again. "First shift." Emin taps another button, and another set of names flickers onto the screen. "Dag, Brin, Lena, Garen, your teams will be on standby for the start." That's deliberate too — those are the most experienced scout teams; there's not a Peacekeeper with under ten years' experience in any of those four-man teams. Selene doesn't envy them. They'll be the ones pulling bodies out of the bloodbath. Familiar bodies. Emin continues, "Given the … state of things, it is imperative that tomorrow goes off as smoothly as possible." From the tightness in her expression, the wording isn't her own. "Following that, we'll rotate by shifts." Everyone nods. "Report to your stations. And –" Emin hesitates, then says, very softly. "I won't pretend this is just another year. But – we have our duty. Do it, do it well. Let's go, people." A few days later, the Games routine has settled into an uneasy rhythm. Selene and her team are back together, assigned to night duty –- "because we got the afternoon shift last year," Marius says with a wry smile – and so far it's been pretty boring. In most years the night shift is when the action happens, because that's when the Careers hunt, but this time the main alliance has done most of its movement during the day. But tonight - "Something's happening tonight," Dash says, frowning at the scanner. It's linked to the central console the Gamemakers use, showing where each tribute is currently located; it's how the hovercraft teams know where to pick up tributes when they fall. "Look here -–" he taps the screen as Selene leans over, enlarging the view "— they're on the move." "Back to the tree?" Selene asks. At the hand-over, the afternoon shift had reported the Everdeen-and-friends alliance had gone haring off to the big tree nearest their station, but had returned to the beach in short order. Best guess is, they were scouting ... but for what, nobody knows. Dash nods. "And B- the Twos are on the move, too. Intercept course, looks like." "Okay." Rigel runs a hand through his hair. "Okay. Keep an eye out and be ready to go when something happens. They're planning something tonight; we'll need to respond fast." Marius nods, unhappily. So do Selene and Dash. Despite that, a few hours pass without incident. They all abandon all pretence of waiting calmly and hover around the scanner, watching the dots move around. And then — "Eleven Male is down." Dash announces unnecessarily, as the cannon booms over the Arena. "Just inside our sector." "Call it in," Rigel says instantly, snatching up his helmet. They don't need to go yet – they usually wait for the dust to clear before going on a pickup – but honestly any excuse for being in the area is a good one, especially since the tag nearest 11M when it winked out was 2M. "Yes sir ," Selene says, grabbing her own helmet. They're up in the air in under a minute, Rigel at the helm, and are halfway to Chaff when another cannon fires. Marius swears, loudly. "Fuck!" Selene's on her feet before she quite knows what's going on. Marius – big, quiet Marius – almost never swears. Dash, surprised but not being possessed of Selene's reflexes, merely looks startled. "What –" Selene begins. "Brutus just went down," Marius snaps. Selene's world freezes. "Fuck! Go –" The craft tilts abruptly and dives, Rigel throwing it onto a new course for their Victor – their tribute? – no, Brutus is and has always been their Victor. Selene grabs at the controls for the claw, spinning it up even before they swing into position — Then Marius is unbuckling his restraints and lurching towards the hatch, Dash following wide-eyed at his heels. "Lene, grab the medkit, " Marius orders as Brutus' limp form comes up with the claw. Selene locks the claw and makes a grab for the kit, standard issue on all the hovercrafts in case they pick up the Victor in a bad way, and scrambles after them. The cannon fired — Brutus is dead, probably, that's what the cannon means — but that doesn't always mean it's permanent. "Are we really –" Dash begins, but Selene silences him with a look. It's not his fault; he's an ex-Career too but he's from Four, one of the rare non-Two Peacekeepers in the elite corps. He's good, he wouldn't be here as Selene's partner otherwise, but he isn't Two. He doesn't understand why they have to try, because it's their Victor lying limp in that claw, because it's Brutus . Selene has never been one of the die-hard patriots, not like Petra, but that is not the point. To Dash's credit, he swallows back any objections he might have had and helps Marius pull Brutus off the pickup claw. And then it's chaos: "He's not breathing!" Marius throws his weight down in chest compresses. The big man left the Centre at eighteen over a decade ago, and he's kept in shape; Brutus' large chest visibly deforms under his weight. Selene stands back, knowing better than to hover uselessly but unwilling to stay too far back. "— might have been poisoned too. Lene, give him the antidote, over there –" Brutus is slippery with blood and has fragments of the jungle still stuck to him, Selene registers distantly, as she darts forward and plunges the hypo into his neck. It's broad-spectrum, not targeted, so who knows if it'll help but it's better than nothing. Selene considers, then swaps hypos and gives him a shot of adrenaline too. Dash slaps on a breath mask and hooks the strap around Brutus' head – — and then, miraculously, Brutus spasms off the slippery deck, gasping for breath. "Shit," Selene says, with feeling, collapsing back onto the deck. Marius only nods and moves to scrub his face, then reconsiders, considering the state of his hands. "He's alive," Dash whispers. Marius fixes Dash with a steady look and rumbles, "Imagine if it were Finnick." "True," the boy from Four sighs. And to be fair, it's not his District's Victor on the deck, but he's behaved as if it were. Dash looks a bit green and looks like he wants to collapse, but he's holding the oxygen mask in place with one hand and is monitoring Brutus' pulse with the other. Brutus, after that burst of energy, has subsided back into unconsciousness, deathly still and pale. But he's not dead. He should be dead, but he's not, because — because they saved him. They saved him even though they weren't supposed to. Selene goes cold just thinking about it. What is the punishment for resuscitating a tribute who died in the Arena? It's not like that's in the standard procedures manual. The hovercraft goes silent, and Selene bets everyone is thinking the same thing: What now? In the midst of it all, their comm crackles to life. For a long moment, nobody moves. Then Marius abruptly heaves himself up. "Watch him," he says, nodding to Brutus, and goes back to the copilot seat. Selene only nods, staring at Brutus. This is, come to think of it, the first time she's actually seen him up close in person – sure, she's seen him on TV and in passing last year when he was Clove's mentor, but this year Emin had made sure all juniors were assigned to the "easy" tributes. Selene and Dash spent most of their time walking around after the morphlings from Six. He's bigger than she thought, in a way the cameras never seem to capture. Selene always thought Marius was large, since he left the Program at eighteen and they juiced him pretty good, but he's still around five or so centimetres shorter than Brutus and a good deal less muscular. And