Brutus swims, and there's no way out. (that's stupid, he's never been swimming, he's been tossed in a frozen lake in the middle of January and taught how to claw himself out, does that count, probably not) The water is black and cold and empty. It presses against him like a wall, like a blanket. Like the air weighed down heavy with humidity. Nothing, nothing, no thing, no things around him, but the surface, white and shining above him. He can do nothing too; stay down, sink, fall forever, down, down, down. Do nothing until he is nothing. It wouldn't take much. Dying is easy. Twenty-three kids do it every year, but not Brutus. Not Brutus. Brutus fights. When he fights there's pain, and voices, and bright bright lights, but his brain tells him pain is good. The trainers used to tell them so. Pain meant they were doing it right. He fights some more. His eyes, someone replaced his eyes, turned the lids to stone, but he opens them, shoves every bit of strength into it - (he's strong, the strongest tribute the Arena has seen since Odin, he lifted a rock the size of a small child and threw it at a mutt that chased him) "That's my boy," says a voice by the bed, deep and rich. Familiar. It smooths away the jagged remnants of Brutus' fear like the rock tumbler he built as a boy. (was he ever a boy, probably not, little boys have rock tumblers and learn the names of stones but they don't kill people, little boys have rock collections not a tally of kills that goes past their fingers) "Come back to me, Brutus," the voice says. His name catches him like a fishhook, drags him up. Brutus pushes his eyes open again. The world swims, so much swimming, but then it's back, getting clearer and clearer. The giant shape next to him sharpens until it's a man, large and muscled and battle-scarred. "There you are. Stay with me." Odin, mentor. Brutus, tribute. The Hunger Games. Blood and screams and burning deserts that turned to ice in a matter of minutes. Skulls that caved like watermelons beneath his fists. Trumpets. Not tribute. Not anymore. Victor. Brutus forces his tongue between his lips. "I won?" Odin smiles. Odin never smiled at him before. Always solemn, serious. Approving but distant. But now he smiles, the lines of his face rearranging as though a mountainside decided to get up and walk away. "You won, my boy." Hands grab at his mind, pull him down, but Brutus wants to stay. Needs to stay. He grasps the blanket but it's too soft, not real enough, nothing to ground him. Panic scrabbles in his skull. "Here." Odin takes something from a table, reaches over and presses it into Brutus' hand. It's sharp and jagged and rough; it digs into his fingers and makes him hiss at the pricking of pain. "It's a geode, from District Two. You brought it with you when you entered Residential. I got it back for you." Brutus grips the rock hard, hefts the solid, heavy weight of it. Rubs his finger over the rough outer surface, the jagged spikes inside. Every kid who entered Residential got to take a box of things from home. Some didn't bother. Some took toys, or books. They weren't allowed to take photos or letters. Brutus packed his rock collection. One boy laughed at him, once. He never laughed again, not at Brutus or anyone else. The breath slides into his lungs with less trouble now. "Thank you," Brutus rasps out. "You're a Victor now," Odin tells him. "You did everything they asked of you and more. I'm proud of you. We'll talk later; for now, sleep." Brutus wants to, but stops. He lifts his right hand - heavy, so heavy, maybe they cut it off and replaced it with one made out of lead - and turns it over. It looks like a normal hand, but not his hand. There's something wrong with it, soft and pink and smooth - (he slammed his fist down into Ten's skull, again, again, again, again, bone cracking beneath his fingers - maybe it was his fingers - and the blood and brains splattering upwards) He gasps. Flexes his fingers. They respond, curl into a fist and spread back out again. Except Brutus had no fingers when they pulled him out, just a mangled mass of blood and skin and bone. He held it to his chest as they pulled him out. "They fixed your hand for you," Odin says. "Titanium bones, and they managed to regrow the connective tissue. Don't ask me how. They wanted to cut it off and give you a hook instead, something terrifying. I told them to risk the surgery instead." Brutus shifts the rock to his other hand, then back again. He rolls it between his palms, curls the fingers of both hands around it and pokes his thumbs into the gap in the underside, stroking the edges of the crystals. He's safe. He's won. Odin gave him a piece of District Two to keep with him. The Capitol gave him back his hand. "Sleep," Odin says again. Brutus wants to protest, but he can't remember how. Words, he can speak words, he's done it before, but now they swim in his head and skitter away before he can catch them. He sleeps. When the nightmares start to chase him awake, Brutus squeezes the rock, throws it at the people in his head, and they leave him alone. "Eat this," Odin says a few days later, hands him a dark wholemeal roll from District Two, warm and fresh. No butter, no jam, just the bread. Brutus shifts the rock to the crook of his arm, splits the roll in his hand and breathes in. The rich, heady scent of Two. Of victory. The geode pokes him in the elbow, a reminder, as he tears the roll to pieces and eats. He has a house in the Victors' Village now. Odin takes him there himself, walks Brutus through the rooms, lets him look at it, take it all in. The ceilings, high enough that Brutus will never hit his head no matter how straight he stands. Furniture strong and sturdy enough to hold his bulk, even if he flops on it with exhaustion instead of settling gingerly with care. (Who got the bill for the sofa in the Games Complex, the one that creaked under Brutus' weight and snapped when he collapsed onto it after a long day of training? Maybe they'll take it from his stipend.) It's not a grand house, nothing that Brutus and his humble roots would be ashamed of having. Master and guest bedroom with solid furniture; a good, honest shower in the bathroom with two knobs, hot and cold, no floofy Capitol scents and nozzles for Snow knows what; an office and a kitchen and a private gym in the basement. A sitting room large enough for a handful of friends, but not big enough to host a Capitol-sized party. The furniture is a mix of comfortable and utilitarian, the walls painted a calming blue or left their natural wood. The main room has a fireplace with a mantel big enough for all his rocks. Nothing ostentatious. It looks Two. Brutus lets out a breath. He presses his hand to one of the walls. That's good Two trees what made them, not pines from Seven; he recognizes the grain. It doesn't look like Brutus imagines the house of an eighteen-year-old boy would look like. "Is this what people my age like?" he asks Odin. He can't say 'kids' or even 'teenagers', those words sound so silly, so small, like ants. He's not sure he's ever been one of those. He can't stop opening things, cupboards and drawers and the refrigerator. Can't stop touching. "This wasn't made for people your age," Odin says. "It's made for you. If you want anything else, ask me and I'll get it for you." Brutus swallows and closes his eyes. The house is still there when he opens them. If he cracks the windows at night, the gentle swish of leaves from the yard outside follows him into his dreams and chases the nightmares away. Brutus spends the first while mostly asleep. He meant to protest, but Odin gives him medication and water and Brutus knows better than to question, an so he drinks it down without complaining. Except that one week turns into two, and all he's done is lie on the couch or the bed, eating when Odin prompts him and dragging himself to the shower every few days. He takes the mood stabilizers and something else for his nightmares; the meds leave him muzzy-headed, never quite on his game. "When can I taper off?" Brutus asks Odin. He's made it down to the gym a few times; Odin won't let him lift weights, not when he might drop them on himself, but he uses the pull-up bar and does pushups as much as he can. He's dropped at least twenty pounds since the Arena, and he feels the loss as though they did take his hand. "That's for me to decide, not you," Odin says. He has a pile of work on his lap, pen scraping across the paper. "Trust me, I'll let you know when you're ready." Brutus scowls. He barely manages to pull it back when Odin glances up. His mentor's raised eyebrow tells Brutus he isn't fooling anyone. "Yes sir," he says, but for the first time in his entire life, the words ring hollow, like striking a chisel into a flaw in a slab of marble. That night, Odin hands Brutus his medication. He holds the pills in his palm - one white and round, one oblong and twin-coloured - and stares at them as Odin putters around the kitchen, fixing dinner. Brutus can't even help with the cooking yet because Odin doesn't trust him around knives, and the whole thing is ridiculous. All his life, Brutus never questioned authority, never disobeyed an order. Now, something burrows inside him and gets its claws in his insides, and there's a monster living in his brain that takes Brutus' arm, holds it over the sink, and tips his hand so the pills fall down into the drain. Odin doesn't look up from the counter; he didn't notice. Brutus' heart skitters in his chest, then settles. That's all he has to do. It's the medicine that's making him like this. The medicine stuffs his head with wool, drags his limbs down and makes him sleep all day. Skip the medication, and Brutus will be back to normal and Odin will be proud of him for recovering so well. Brutus holds back a sigh of relief, glad he figured it out. Brutus wakes up in the Arena, with its bleached sand and bleached rocks and bleached bones. There's blood in the sand and on his hands and the sun beats down on his shoulders, and he doesn't scream because Careers don't scream - "Easy," Odin says, close, and mentors don't talk to tributes in the Arena and Brutus is not in the Arena. He jolts awake to the cool darkness of his bedroom. Odin sits by his bed with a pitcher of water. "You're safe. You never have to go back there again." That's a promise, a promise signed in blood by Brutus and every other tribute who ever went into the Arena, and Brutus sags. He takes the water from Odin and drinks it down. Water is the best drink in the entire world, cold and clear and perfect, and it drives the images out of his head. "That seemed like a bad one," Odin says, neutral. "We might have to check your dosage. I'm not sure your medication is working." Brutus' pills clattered down the drain, the sound covered by the