Annie holds tight to Kate's hand, her palm and fingers slippery with sweat. Her head comes up level with Kate's hip, and for a second Kate pries her hand loose to fix the bow in Annie's blonde hair, wilting in the heat. Annie looks up at her, her eyes big and blue and trusting, and under the force of that open, vulnerable stare, Kate forgets how to breathe like she always does. Kate never wanted to be a mother and certainly never felt like one, not for all the years she'd struggled. She'd always thought motherhood was something that happened, this thing that women bore because someone forced it on them; never a choice, and never an identity, more like a pair of shackles that had to be endured because there was no other option. Annie changed all that from the very first day Kate gazed at her wrinkled, ruddy face and felt her husband's hand warm on her shoulder. Jake stands by her now, his arm solid around her waist, present but not possessive. His hand sits at her hip, the fingers flat against her dress, not digging in, not reminding her of her place, of his ownership. Not like Hank. Nothing like Hank at all, Hank with his hard hands and his hard face and the hard twist of his lip that he'd passed down to their daughter. "Who do you think will be Reaped this year, Mama?" Annie asks. This morning she let Kate dress her in a pretty blue gown with a lace collar and she never once complained, never hissed and stomped and tugged at it like it strangled her. "Do you think she'll be pretty like last year?" "They're always pretty, buttercup," Jake says in a low voice. They're not supposed to talk during the ceremony but it hasn't started yet, and the rules are less strict if you're not at the central Reaping point anyway. "Though not as pretty as you." He means it as a compliment, of course he does, but Kate freezes. Annie sucks in a breath at her side, and she clings even tighter to Kate's hand. "But if they want girls who are pretty, what if they want me when I'm old enough? I don't want to go to the Games!" "Hush," Kate says, a hair away from frantic. She glances around for Peacekeepers, but they're all at the edges of the crowd, looking for disturbances. No one is listening for a little girl's whisper below the murmur of the grownups, even if she is speaking treason. "They won't take you, baby. I promise. That's what the Centre is for." Annie will be six this fall, and the Centre will not take this one. They won't get their hooks in this time, won't turn a good little girl into a monster. There are enough children who are monsters already, enough girls with murder in their veins, to take her place. They don't need this one. Not this time. Right from the beginning, before she was old enough to understand, Kate showed Annie the Games, let her scream for weeks with nightmares. Every night Kate held her and kissed her hair and told her no, no, not for you baby girl, never you. Jake disapproved and said so, his voice tight and quiet while Annie finally slept, tears on her cheeks. Kate and Jake don't fight much but they did over this, and Kate nearly choked on the terror but he never once laid a hand on her, never moved into her space to remind her that he could even if he didn't. He also listened, and after Kate reminded him what happened the first time, after Annie stopped crying in the daytime and went back to playing with her dolls, he agreed that maybe it was for the best. This school year the Centre will send its recruits, and Kate would sit through a thousand nightmares and never sleep a full night again if it means Annie runs the other way when she sees them. The Capitol staffers finish moving the screens into place in lieu of the stage, and the familiar shiver starts in Kate's spine. Jake's best friend Darren and his wife Becca had to go to the district central Justice Building this year because their Benjamin got drawn in the pre-reaping. He's only thirteen, and his two years at the Centre from the age of seven are long gone now, so there's no way he's going in, but it's still a jolt. Kate still doesn't like to think about the girls. She's too close to it, to the anger and the violence that goes into making this perfect, pretty tributes. They're always pretty, just like Jake said. Sometimes, before she gets a grip on herself and shuts it down, Kate wonders what the Centre would've done with her stubborn, intractable first daughter once they got her and it was too late to give her back. That girl screamed and stomped and swore over something as simple as hair ribbons; she'd never make it through the rounds of primping that the tributes had to go through. Or maybe not. Maybe they convinced her to put up with wearing a dress and standing like a lady if she got to kill someone later. Kate left her daughter, seven years ago, when she packed her things and slammed the door of that prison-house behind her. Kate had promised to bring her but they both knew she hadn't meant it - no mother would take her own daughter away from a house that fed and clothed her for an uncertain life on the streets. Besides, when was Kate supposed to get away when the girl and Hank were always home at the same time of day, no time to slip away? She'd left when the girl had only two years left before the Centre took her for good, and she'd already learned to fight and yearn for the taste of blood. She wouldn't have wanted to come with Kate anyway, not really. Kate knew early on that her own daughter hated and despised her; running away together would not have fixed that, and would likely have made it worse. Leaving alone had been one of the hardest things Kate ever did, but it was the right thing, she knew it. The Centre takes care of its own, and the children who don't grow up to be murderers could turn into Peacekeepers, trainers, doctors. It's a thought she tried not to dwell on during the rare times they took their daughter to the hospital, that the nice man setting the break in her arm might have once watched another die at his own hand. Kate takes that thought and shoves it back in the closet of her mind before it can show on her face. Beside her, Jake must have felt her tense, because he pulls her closer and presses a kiss to her hair. "Easy, baby, I've got you," he says. He's solid and reassuring, and Kate breathes in the strength of him and lets him ground her. She told him, a year after he first asked her out, that she never wanted children again, not after what happened the first time. Kate had steeled herself for a fight, for Jake to demand his right to kids of his own, that it didn't matter what happened in the past because they'd started a new life now. Instead he'd held her face in his hands, kissed her and said of course not, he'd never force anything like that on her. Now Kate leans her head against Jake's shoulder and keeps her hold on Annie's hand. Funny, the sort of things a person chooses when they're actually given the choice to make. The screens flicker to life, showing the first image of the Justice Building and a sweep of the crowd. Kate winces, her mouth sour. They sit through the promotional film from the Capitol, and Annie's too short to see over the heads of everyone around them but it doesn't matter because the images aren't important. She'll have the words memorized long before she's old enough to understand. For her part Kate lets the voiceover grip her; imagines the terror of the Dark Days, the chaos that must have followed after. No one could be said to love the Games, really, not even in District Two, but at least here they're civilized. At least no child goes in unwilling and unprepared. As a girl Kate never thought about what it would mean to the parents who raised those select children - why would she? It was always someone else, in a district this size. Everyone knew a kid or two who went to the Centre, but no one ever remembered the volunteers. Now she sees them in a different light; she thinks of their terrified parents, the mothers who prayed that their children could just be normal, be like the others. If she blames the Centre for twisting her daughter and those like her into the worst parts of themselves, at least they take those children away and hide them before it gets too bad. At least normal children get to live because of them. They call the boys first. The one who steps up is tall and lightly-muscled and pretty, smaller than the usual Two quarry-boys, likely the son of Peacekeepers. They always look like that, lean and proud and confident, and the rage sits further beneath the surface with them. The quarry boys grew up with nothing and they look it, like every scrap of respect is one they earned themselves, but this boy smiles out at her through the screen with the eyes of someone who's never had to fight unless he wanted to. Kate doesn't like him, but that doesn't matter. The sponsors likely will. Next up, the girls, and the one whose name is drawn has ringlets pulled back into pigtails. Her eyes go wide and her mouth drops and she's thirteen, maybe, not much older, and from a merchant family, judging by the cut of her clothes. Kate brushes a hand down her own dress - Jake owns not just a store but a chain of stores, and one day maybe she'll figure out how she got so lucky - and watches the screen as the escort strikes a pose and calls for volunteers. The voice that answers, booming through the speakers, is half an octave lower than the usual fare. Twos aren't built bouncing and giggling like the Ones, but they don't usually sound like that, either. The camera swoops down over the heads of the crowd, scanning, and there, finally, the crowd peels back, making room for a girl who's taller and broader than the boy onstage. She wears her hair cropped short and her biceps glisten in the light, her face set in a mask of excitement and impatience. Something whispers in Kate's ear, and the shiver runs through her again. Annie whispers, "I want to see!" and Jake lifts her up onto his shoulders. Annie balks, her hands gripping the sides of Jake's face. "But she's not pretty at all!" Annie protests in a child's outraged tone, and the parents around them chuckle without thinking. A Peacekeeper takes a step forward - Jake hushes Annie and sets her back on the ground - and Kate keeps her eyes fixed on the screen, at the girl who glares out at them and dares them to judge her. It's not her daughter - this one's name is Lyme, what kind of person gives a name like that to a little baby girl, where did they expect she'd wind up - but it could have been. Kate can't repress another shudder no matter how tightly Jake pulls her against his side. The girl stands stone-faced as the escort pokes at her biceps and coos over the muscles as if she were a boy, and