Lyme is the first Victor in recent District 2 history to wait only the minimum one year before applying to be a mentor. The Capitol got wind of it as soon as she put her name in at the training centre, of course, and there's been buzz over Two's latest and youngest mentor and the level of dedication that the new Victors are showing. Lyme smiles and gives sound-bite interviews about her duty and being excited to see action again even from a distance, because she knows her job and she's not stupid enough to tell them that every day she does nothing it feels like more names added to her debt. Normally, the Centre tell her, the mentors choose their tributes on their own, without anyone watching. It's a private moment, meant for reflection and honest evaluation, and each mentor has their own system that they slowly perfect over the years. They can share it or they can keep it a secret, it doesn't really matter, but the important thing is that each mentor gets to choose in their own way. At least - after the first time. This year Lyme has to sit with Nero to oversee her choice. A spark of the old irritation wells up that she's not allowed to have this moment without her mentor, hulking and silent, looking over her shoulder, but this wasn't his call. The higher-ups made it and Nero's giving her as much space as he can, leaving her to go through the files while he waits in the kitchen and only coming in after she's made her decision. Nero said when he chose her that it felt like someone reached into his chest and ripped a piece of him out, and he knew he'd never get it back unless she won the Games. It sounded melodramatic and overemotional and not a little terrifying - Lyme isn't here to find replacements for the children she already knows she's refusing to have, she's here to save lives and that's it - and she holds onto that. She asked Brutus, and he said he chose Emory because he knew they'd work well together and he thought she could get the job done; that sounds good to Lyme. Feelings are messy, and anyway, they can come later. Right now it's about who can bring it home, and who Lyme can put back together when it's done. That holds until she flips over one of the pages and takes a hard jolt to the gut. ARTEMISIA J. says the name under the photograph, a picture of a girl with a hard, arrogant expression, her chin tilted up like she's challenging the camera. A quick flick through shows incidents of insubordination and a propensity to act like she didn't care, right until she sauntered up to the task and scored the highest marks. Her personal file with pre-Residential details makes note of bruises that didn't come from training and a casual disregard of authority because whatever the Centre might dish out, she'd seen worse. (Lyme takes a deep breath and chases back the shadows of fingers on her shoulder. It's over, she's safe, it's fine.) Lyme remembers Artemisia, vaguely. They sparred before Lyme went in - one of the handful of younger girls and boys that Lyme as the Volunteer candidate was told to take down, knock them back a bit and fuel their desire to try harder - and she recalls an easy grace and an underlying viciousness that impressed her even back with the upcoming Arena gnawing on her mind. From what she remembers it's not surprising Artemisia made it this far. What's surprising is that when Lyme moves to set her file aside and check the next candidate, she can't. Her fingers stay glued to the manila folder and the pages inside, and Lyme ends up flipping back all the way through to the youngest photos, where the girl's smile is darker and nastier and she's not as good at hiding it under a mask of nonchalance. Her breath sticks hard in her chest and her focus tunnels, and when Lyme finally forces herself to examine the others it feels as though she's looking at them through a gauze screen. The only one that matters is the girl with the hard-knock eyes and the fuck-you smile. "Nero," Lyme calls out, swallowing and wetting her lips and trying to sound normal. "I think I've got one." Nero ambles over and drops onto the couch, which creaks vaguely but doesn't snap. Lyme's hands shake as she gives him the file, and he runs through it with a decade's worth of efficiency, meaning it's all of five seconds before his eyebrows creep up his forehead. "Are you sure?" "She's got the best scores," Lyme says, because she did check. She might've been blindsided but that doesn't mean she's going to pick a tribute based on photographs and personal anecdotes. "Nailed her kill tests and acting, and they've never seen anyone better with a sword on both sides." Nero hums and examines one of the pages without looking up. "I'm not arguing that she's the best on paper, but she also looks like she'd be better off with a veteran. Girl like that is gonna be hard to handle on the other side, and she might not even listen to you before." Lyme glares. "And so, what, stick her with Odin? He'd just try to drown her in his glory talk, if he picked her at all, and even if he did he wouldn't get her. I do." Nero doesn't say anything, just looks at her with a fond expression that used to make Lyme want to carve out his eyes and now makes her flush and turn away. "I do know that feeling," he says, his tone light and amused. "I'm not going to argue with you, but the committee will need to be convinced, so let's practice. Tell me why you want her, and leave the feelings out of it. We save those for after." Lyme nods. It's a good point - Nero wouldn't have managed to get assigned to her if he'd come in and started babbling about feeling their connection or whatever - and it will help her organize her thoughts. "Okay," she says. "How about trends, then. The 50s haven't been very showy, polls say audiences are getting bored, and all of Artemisia's kills and her Field Exam show she's flashy and exciting..." It takes two hours of arguing and negotiation, but finally Lyme leaves the selection committee with a form stamped APPROVED in big red letters. She holds the file against her chest all the way back to the Village in the passenger seat of Nero's truck, and she does her best to chase away the flutters in her stomach. When the head trainer and the Program director signed their names at the bottom of the paper - when Lyme bent and scribbled the same - she couldn't chase the shudder that ran through her, that she'd chosen this fierce, brilliant girl only to send her to her death. It's normal to think that, Nero tells her, but it's not true. Nothing's certain except possibility. No reason to believe a tribute can't make it home until the moment they don't. "You've gotta be fucking kidding," Brutus bursts out, looking up from Artemisia's file. "She looks insane!" Lyme bares her teeth and only barely holds back from punching him. Just because Brutus likes his noble children of the quarries doesn't mean everyone has to; Lyme thinks Emory is boring and Emory thinks Lyme is borderline, and that's just fine. "She's good," she says. "And all you have to do is help me help her win. I get her after that." Brutus runs a hand over his head. It's the two of them together this year, with Ronan as their behind-the-scenes advisor, but the final decision is Lyme's, since she's the one who will be in charge of recovery. "Okay then," Brutus says. "There's a lot to work with, anyway, so I guess there's that." "Damn right there is," Lyme snaps, snatching Artemisia's file away and trying not to feel like Brutus just called her baby ugly. "There are tons of angles we could take with her." "I think we can safely drop 'honour' from the possibilities," Brutus says dryly, but he holds up both hands in apology and mock-defeat when Lyme snarls. "Kidding, kidding. Let's start making a list." A few minutes before the Reaping in Two is scheduled to start, a runner brings Lyme and Callista the results from the districts in the time zones further east. Nothing but names and ages, and even that is considered a major privilege to have ahead of time; Lyme scans the list while waiting for the cue to take the stage but nothing jumps out. An eighteen-year-old girl from Nine, a seventeen-year-old boy from Six, and a thirteen-year-old from Twelve, but they'll have to wait for the rest as the sun moves west. It's the usual spread of ages beyond that, which at least means no surprises and that's something. Callista glances at Lyme as they wait behind the heavy oak doors of the Justice Building. "You'll be fine," she says. Lyme has no idea what she's talking about until the older woman quirks a smile and flicks a finger at Lyme's hands, and oh. She's shredded the paper with the list into tiny pieces, and Lyme flushes hot and looks around for an aide to hand it to. "Just drop it," Callista says with a wave of her hand. "It will give the cleaning staff a thrill, someone will likely have it framed." That - no. Lyme isn't all about the rules and propriety like Brutus or Emory, but she shoves the torn fragments into her pocket anyway while Callista rolls her eyes. She's fine, she's not nervous, it's just - she's on the stage . Last year she stood next to Nero in the Victors' Box, and even that - watching the process from above, not from the square with the rest of the population - had given her the shakes. Now she's going to be up with the mayor and the director and the line of ceremonial Peacekeepers because this is it. She's not just a Victor anymore; as soon as the Reaping is over and the tributes stand on stage, she'll be a mentor . It's a hell of a thing. "Here," Callista says, and holds out a packet of mints. "It'll help, I promise." Lyme swallows the automatic protest that she's fine, because Callista has been doing this since Lyme was a kid and she's not likely to be impressed by a first-year mentor's posturing. She takes a mint and holds it under her tongue, and the splash of cool flavour sends a jolt through her while simultaneously calming her nerves. Lyme shoots Callista a startled look. "I have them made special," Callista says with a razor smile, and she hands Lyme the tin. "Don't take more than one every two hours and you'll be fine." "Thanks," Lyme says dubiously, slipping the tin of drugged mints into her other pocket, but then the doors pull open from the other side and the first glare of sunlight blasts through the widening crack. This is it. Lyme straightens her shoulders, raises her head and flattens out her fingers, uncurling her nervous fists before walking out onto the stage to the roar of applause. Artemisia steps forward for a wide-eyed fourteen-year-old with her hair tied up in braided pigtails, lazily raising her hand and calling out the sacred phrase like she's a student answering a teacher's question only because no one else in the room wants to bother answering. The cameras magnify her careless grin, her saunter up to the stage, and - best of all - the wink she actually tosses off at the terrified girl she's replacing as she strolls