She gives him a flat look, eyes skewering his hand as it holds the door open. "You've gotta be fucking kidding," Lyme snaps. She knocks him out of the way and pushes past, not quite banging their shoulders together but not not , either. "C'mon, let's get this over with." Brutus stares after her as she stalks away down the path. When he doesn't follow, Lyme turns around and shades her eyes with her hand. "Let's go, caveman," she calls. "Not getting any younger here." Brutus opens his mouth, shuts it, then slaps a hand down over his face and shoves the door closed with his foot. "This is gonna be a great night," he mutters to himself. "Bet she orders the fucking lobster." He glances around to make sure Odin isn't hiding behind a tree, ready to scold him, then blows out a sigh and jogs after her. It takes longer for Brutus to catch up than he would've thought, not because he's slow but because she's booking it through the village, taking long strides that eat up the path and carry her through at a pace that's furious in more ways than one. She's wearing jeans and a long-sleeved shirt, her hair cropped short but just long enough to be disheveled, and all right Brutus wasn't planning on taking her to a high-end place in the Capitol or anything, but he at least suffered a tie. Would it kill her to put on something that didn't scream how little she cares? As they're walking, Lyme kicks a pine cone so hard it skitters off the path and explodes against a tree trunk. Brutus sighs. "We don't have to do this." He's mentored once already now; calculating the odds is second nature, and sometimes you know something is over before it even starts. "Oh yes we do," Lyme says grimly. "Nero's been bugging me for weeks. If he's going to leave me alone, I pretty much need to write him an essay." "So that's what this is?" Brutus asks. They're walking even with each other, but each time he draws alongside Lyme picks up the pace. It's ridiculous, and the mature part of Brutus knows he should just let it go, but at the same time the competitive twinge digs in his chest. "Research for a giant thesis called 'I Told You So'?" "Pretty much." Lyme skips a step to the side to send a rock flying across the ground with a heavy blow from her foot. "It'll be easier if you don't take it personally." "I never take anything personally," Brutus says dryly. "But I don't really see the point in stepping off the platforms, either." "I believe in not wasting time." She says it in a clipped tone, fingers drumming against her legs as she kicks up the pace - again - and this time Brutus gives up. Challenge or no, he's not going to end up running full-tilt out of the Village. Sometimes taking the high road means you get to the finish line last; Odin keeps telling him that's a good thing, and maybe if he tells himself enough he'll start to believe it. Brutus hangs back so she knows it's deliberate, and Lyme continues almost-stomping down the path to the gate. ("Doesn't she hate men?" Brutus asked Odin the week before, when he'd suggested negotiating with Nero for an evening with just the two of them. "I thought that was her thing." "She's a fresh victor, my boy, she hates many things. That doesn't necessarily speak to permanence." "And I'm pretty sure she hates me, specifically," Brutus said, trying not to let his frown turn into a scowl. "She and Emory got on okay, but I don't think she wanted me there." Odin laid a hand on Brutus' shoulder. "The future is a long time for you now, Brutus, and even longer if you're alone. Don't think of it as a guarantee, or a promise you must make immediately. Think of it as a possible investment for the rest of your life." Brutus thought of his stupid, naive plans as a new victor himself, meeting and marrying the next female victor from Two and becoming the most successful team in district history. He thought of sixty years ahead of him with no one at his side. "Fine," he said, reluctant, and he scuffed his foot against the edge of the coffee table. "Set it up, I guess.") Lyme is leaning against the inside of the fence, arms crossed and one foot tapping against the ground when he gets there. "How far is it?" she asks. "Can we walk?" Brutus blinks. "I mean, we could, but I'd planned to drive. Why?" "I can't get cleared for a license until after a year out." She shrugs, but her eyes flick to the side. "I don't like relying on other people for a ride home." That, at least, Brutus understands. "Nah, we can walk. It'll take a little bit, but I'm sure they'll hold the table." "Nineteen kids between us, they damn well better," Lyme says, and Brutus recognizes the flat, casually disrespectful tone that Emory adopted after her win just because she had the freedom to do it now. Make a joke of it, maybe it won't weigh so heavy. Brutus isn't going to push it. "Exactly," he says instead, and signals to the guards to open the gate. Lyme will have received her accompanied exit pass after returning from her Tour, but as the senior victor, it's Brutus who has to sign them out. That's still a weird thought. They walk in silence for a while. Brutus likes his quiet more than the average person - sometimes he and Odin go a whole day without speaking and it's just fine - but silence is like summer; he likes it peaceful, not oppressive. Finally Brutus bites his lip and takes the leap. "You do like guys, right?" Lyme shoots him a flat-eyed look, and Brutus holds up his hands. "I'm serious, all right, I just know that sometimes mentors can get a little - eager. I wanna make sure." She stops looking at him like she's imagining peeling off his skin and feeding it back to him, so that's something. "Yeah, I do, in theory. Why, do you?" Brutus wrinkles his nose. "No." "Shame, thought for a minute we'd have something in common." If spending eleven years training to win the Hunger Games isn't something in common, Brutus isn't sure what else there could be, but he lets it slide. "I know you ain't had much of a chance to do anything about it, but if you have a type, I'm guessing I'm not it." "No." Lyme snorts. "Like, no offence or anything, but huge and hulking is not my bag. And neither is that false-gentleman door-holding bullshit, so you can drop that now." Brutus jumps back like she slapped him. "It's not bullshit! It's called being polite." Lyme slits her eyes at him. "You saw my Games, right? Then you'll know I don't need your help to open a damn door." Brutus bites back an annoyed growl. "It's not about you needing help, it's about being nice, that's all. You don't only do things for people if they can't do it for themselves, that's not what a gentleman is. That's - not being an asshole." "Well, I'll settle for you not being an asshole, then," Lyme says, and Brutus shoves his hands into his pockets so he won't look at his watch and calculate how much longer he has to do this. Forever is a long time to spend alone, Odin reminded him, and Lyme is the last one on his level. After this, any girl who wins will be too young, too far down the hierarchy for anything but professionalism between them; he may as well try to date up the chain and go for Callista. It's this or nothing. Brutus grits his teeth. He doesn't bother trying to talk about anything else on the way to the restaurant; much like diving into the sponsor pool and seeing which ones are amenable to negotiations from Careers, Brutus tests the water first. Lyme's expression is faraway, and not in a happy, dreamy way; it's the kind that leaves her jaw tight and her eyes pinched, and Brutus winces and leaves her alone. She emerges when they get to the restaurant and it's classy interior, if only to snicker at him when Brutus hunches his shoulders defensively. "Aw, that's cute, you thought you were getting a real date," Lyme says, clapping him hard on the shoulder, and as the closest thing to not-resentment that she's tossed him all day, Brutus will take it. "Better roll my sleeves up or they won't let me in dressed like this, huh." Brutus glares at her - just a little - because really. "I told Nero where were going." "Yeah, that explains why he tried to get me to wear a shirt with a collar, but oh well." Lyme actually does roll up her sleeve, flicking her wrist to show the dark swirls of ink on her skin to their best advantage. She doesn't look down when she does it, turning up her sleeve with brisk, practiced movements. Brutus has heard the whispers in the Village that Lyme wears long shirts because she doesn't want to look at it, but he isn't going to ask. The fading knife scars around the edge of her tattoo tell him more than anything she could say out loud. There's no trouble at the door, but given that Odin called ahead and asked that everyone be professional and courteous and that if they want to be in business tomorrow there be no cameras anywhere on the premises, Brutus isn't that surprised. He does have to explain himself when the wait staff leads them to a secluded table in the back, because Lyme's eyebrows skyrocket right off her face. "I thought you'd want privacy," he grunts. "Fewer people staring, or whatever." At least then she actually makes an invisible tick-mark in the air, which is something. "Okay, I'll give you one point for that. If you're keeping score, that's about four million, nine hundred ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred ninety-nine points away from getting anywhere near my pants." "It's not a fucking game," Brutus says, appalled even though she has to be baiting him, and she confirms it with a wolf's smile. Of course, Brutus loses all ground gained when he automatically reaches around her back to pull the chair out for her and Lyme whirls on him. At first he thinks she's just taking offence again, but then she sticks out her arm in a way that means she's used to having a knife there. "Easy," Brutus says, not flinching, and pretends not to notice her flash of embarrassment and confusion when she lets her hand fall. Emory did the same, if not worse, back when she got out. Brutus still has a scar on his bicep from the time he tried to wake her from a nightmare. "Just another gentleman bullshit reflex, don't mind me." It shakes Lyme enough that she sits without complaining, and Brutus says nothing and hands her the menu. She can hate him or think he's ridiculous, but he's not going to make her shit for victor-reflexes. After a while, Lyme looks at him over the top of the folded card. "I'm guessing you planned on paying for this." Brutus drums his fingers on the tabletop. "It's traditional." "Yeah, I thought so." Lyme flags over the waiter, then composes herself in a perfect, innocent smile that from a Career means someone's guts will be on the ground soon. "I'll have the Ten-Four," she says, and that's the steak and lobster and he called it, didn't he. She looks at Brutus. "If that's not too expensive, honey ." Brutus could live another hundred years and never hear Lyme call him 'honey'