The Village gets a fresh coat of snow in the week before the Harvest Festival near the end of January, which has always made about as much sense to Brutus as the existence of organic bean sprout no-meat steak, but oh well. Ain't nobody harvesting anything in December, except maybe out in the fringes of Eleven where they've set up heat lamps and greenhouses and all kinds of stuff to force another growing season, but it's probably better that way. Wouldn't be much of a festival during the real harvest time in fall if the people doing the actual work couldn't afford to take the time off. This week it was less of a light dusting and more of a heavy dump, knee-high drifts that make Brutus' truck shudder and jerk the whole way up from the train station on the narrow, unplowed forest road. He's finished the first half of the year-end sponsor run, with the second to come in in the week between the Harvest Festival and the new year. That means that, at least for a while, he gets to change out of skin-tight suits and wash off the makeup and the perfume named after his biceps and not think about fundraising for a few days. Someone has at least cleared the snow away from the gate, there's a mercy, and so Brutus doesn't have to trudge all the way to the back of the Village with the snow fighting him the entire way. He can, mind, he did his exposure test in winter like the rest of them, and half the nights in his Arena froze over, but it's been a long week and he'd rather not. Brutus greets the gate staff as he passes, and tosses up a package of fancy Capitol cookies he nabbed from the train on the way home. Too much milk and sugar and all that for him, but they're special holiday cookies with painted frosting to look like the mountains, and the staff grin and salute him when they open the tin. "Happy Harvest to you," Brutus says, touching his fist to his chest. "And to you," they say back, still grinning. Still grinning when he passes under the gate, in fact, and Brutus has just enough time to realize that's fishy as hell before his combat senses kick in. He swerves just in time to avoid a head-on attack, but an arm still catches him around the waist and knocks him flat on his back. Brutus flops into the snow, the crust breaking under his weight, and he flounders for a minute before getting his bearings and flipping his opponent over onto his back. He swears he hears the gate staff cracking up behind him, which makes no Games-damned sense, until Brutus' eyes adjust to the loss of the gate spotlight and he makes out exactly who he's pinning in the snow. "Devon?" Brutus blinks at his boy, who's grinning like a wildcat and wearing an absolutely hideous knitted sweater made by Enobaria. Any attempt at a lecture or cogent speech slides away in the confusion, and at last Brutus only manages a spluttered, "The fuck?" "Your fault, boss," Devon sing-songs, making no more damned sense than anything else in Brutus' life today. "You walked under the mistlefoe." "The — what?" Brutus gapes at him, but Devon at least looks sane and in his head, even if he's spouting nonsense. Brutus sits back and lets him up. "At the gate, see?" Brutus cranes his neck, and sure enough right in the middle of the gate overhang is a sprig of green with round, white berries. "It's called mistletoe, kid," Brutus scoffs, cuffing Devon upside the head. "Though I'll take my thanks you didn't give me the traditional greeting." This time of year it's impossible to avoid in the Capitol, as Brutus and any Victor still on the Panem's Hottest Killers list is well aware. Pass under any doorway, light fixture, or hanging sconce and there will be a Capitolite with puckered lips and a sly expression waiting for him. The placement of the mistletoe ain't subtle, of course, and Brutus could avoid all of them if he so chose without much effort, but that would be dumb. Instead he took circuitous routes that brought him beneath every damn sprig in the whole city, since the spirit of gift-giving at the Harvest Festival usually meant a card with a bank transaction number and a nice, shiny donation to the District 2 general sponsor fund. "I know what it's called, but I didn't say mistletoe, I said mistle foe ," Devon says. He's still in the snow, and Brutus sighs and stands up to give him room to move before everything soaks in through the backs of his jeans. "Misha and I came up with it, isn't it great? Instead of kissing, when you're underneath it you have to fight." Brutus opens his mouth, shuts it, then surprises himself by laughing. "I'm not going to call it that," he warns Devon, clapping him on the shoulder. "But I'm in." Devon beams, just in time for Brutus to shove him back under the gate within the radius of the stupid plant and then tackle him back to the ground. "Oh good," Lyme says when Brutus passes her on the path to his house, favouring his left leg. "You got the memo." "How long has this been going on?" Brutus asks her. She has a bruise on her cheek, a split lip, and a shit-eating grin. "Two days," Lyme says, and Brutus barks out another laugh. "Oh yeah, it's been brutal. Watch yourself out there, it's a jungle." "I can handle myself," Brutus shoots back. He's not sure whether he's relieved or disappointed that nobody thought to hang anything over the path between their houses, but either way Lyme heads off her way and Brutus makes it back to his place unscathed. Two days of madness have taught Claudius to walk around with his head permanently craned in the upward position. The very first day he walked outside his own door of his own house into his own front yard, minding his own damn business, only for Misha to tackle him right into a snowbank. He'd come up fighting, not waiting for an explanation before diving at Misha's waist, and the scrap ended in a draw with Misha spitting blood and Claudius resetting his nose for what's probably the eleventh time in his life before Misha actually told him why. As new traditions go, this one is pretty hilarious. Claudius likes fighting, and there's something comforting about doing it with people who could all kill each other or die trying given the circumstances. Lyme caught him soon after Misha, sneaked into his house while he was practicing the piano and pinned a spring on the hallway light fixture, and they sparred right there on the floor. Afterward Lyme ruffled his hair and Claudius flopped across her lap until she snorted and shoved him off. Still, sometimes a guy just wants to take a walk through the bare orchard and enjoy the crisp winter weather without worrying about broken bones, is that too much to ask? He's made it there and is halfway through the grove of apple trees, stretching empty branches toward the white-clouded sky, when he spots Odin leaning against the trunk of the big tree in the centre. "You're kidding me." Claudius grinds to a halt. "You too?" "My boy, I don't know what you're talking about," Odin says, his smile toothy and sharp. Claudius was almost twenty years too soon to be a twinkle in his father's eye when Odin won his Games, and now he spends most of his days with his Victors in his greenhouse, or tending to his birds, but he won by killing the same as anyone. "I am simply enjoying a breath of fresh air this fine December afternoon. Why don't you continue on with your stroll, lad, off you go." "I don't believe this," Claudius complains, but he sure as the Arena isn't going to run away. Instead he squints and looks around, trying to spot the mistletoe so he knows when to expect the attack, and finally finds it tied to a branch with red ribbon six feet above Odin's head. "Did — you climb a tree ?" he bursts out, flabbergasted. This is not the sort of past-time he'd imagine for the scion of Two's Golden Decade. Odin says nothing, only winks, and Claudius sighs and makes a run for it. Odin practically clotheslines him with an arm the size of a tree trunk, and Claudius twists as he falls to avoid landing flat on his back and knocking the air out of his lungs, which will be what Odin is aiming for. He hits his side, jarring his ribs and his elbow but it's not a shock, and he flings himself to the side right before Odin's elbow slams into the snow. Claudius loses anyway, of course he does, Odin is twice his size and Claudius still can't quite get around the idea of punching him in the face or going for the knees or any of the dirty tricks he might try with Misha. Still, Odin doesn't grind it in, just lets out a belly laugh and reaches to help Claudius to his feet. "Well fought, boy," he says, with a hearty pat on the back that nearly splats him on his face. "Yeah, thanks," Claudius says dryly. "I'm sure that was a real challenge for you." Odin actually winks again, twice in one day. "Perhaps next year," he says, and saunters back toward the Village, whistling. "Oh dear child," Ronan says, when he spots the mistletoe hanging above his porch. "Surely you wouldn't attack an old man out for a walk with his cane and his dogs." Artemisia bounces on her heels in front of him, grinning wide enough to split any door frame she tried passing through. She's picked her spot well, on the rise of the lane with packed snow in front of her and a dip in front, so if she trips she'll fall uphill and Ronan will have a smooth slide downward. Unfortunately for Artemisia, the forty or so years between them do provide a disparity, just not the one she thinks. "All right then, let's get this over with," he says, affecting a sigh, and gestures for the hounds to leave. They're all too happy to trot back to the porch and flop down for another nap, and Ronan rolls his eyes fondly at them before turning back to Artemisia. "Shall we?" Artemisia was brilliant in the Arena, one of the most skilled Victors that Two has ever had, and the strongest with the sword by far. She's also cocky, arrogant, and extremely predictable, in that she's guaranteed to do whatever makes the least amount of practical sense. Therefore, when Artemisia goes against her patented Arena strategy of strategic attack and rushes right at him, Ronan sees it coming. Ronan hasn't sparred in decades, but there are some tricks even someone his age can't forget. His knees don't bend the way they used to but he has enough spring in his step to keep his footing, and Ronan lashes out with his cane and catches Artemisia behind the knees. She stumbles — catches herself by jamming her boot into a divot in the snow, so she doesn't fall completely ass-over, but she does drop to one knee with a heavy thud. Ronan has his cane to her throat like a blade before Artemisia can right herself. "What say you, child?" he says, baring his teeth. "Are you satisfied?" Artemisia's eyes flash in challenge, but she pushes herself up to her feet and takes a step backward before lowering into an elaborate bow. "Never," she says with a wolf's grin on the way up. "The Harvest season is young yet," Ronan calls after her, and