"When I grow up, I'm gonna be the Volunteer, just like you!" Devon crouches down, bending one knee right to the floor, because if there's one thing kids hate, it's looming, and Devon never wants to make any of the kids he talks to feel inadequate or patronized. "You think so?" "Yeah! I got my first black this year!" he holds up his wrist, skinny and tanned, to show off the single leather cord tied around his arm. "See?" "I see it, tiger." Devon grins and claps the boy on the shoulder, adult-like, instead of ruffling his hair, and the kid stands up straight and tall and raises his chin. "It's not easy, you know, you'll have to work hard and listen to what grownups tell you. Do you eat your vegetables?" The boy's eyes go shifty. "I eat ... some vegetables?" Devon grins and leans in close. "I don't like all vegetables either, but I'll tell you a secret. The more you eat, the stronger you get. That's why they taste bad. If they tasted good like candy, everyone would eat them, and then everyone would grow up big and strong and win the Hunger Games and how would we know who's best?" Now his eyes go wide. "Really?" "Really." Devon squeezes his shoulder. "I mean it, now. Listen to the trainers and eat the food they tell you and that'll give you a real good start. Save the candy for when you earn it." "Okay!" He's got a tooth missing, just off to the side of the main four, and Devon checks his bone structure out of habit. Good jaw, strong cheekbones; he'll grow up good looking for sure, barring something really weird in puberty. "When I win, can I get the house next to you?" Devon practiced smiling for years so that now, when his mind skitters sideways and pictures this kid, ten years down the line and bleeding on the rocks, his face doesn't crack. "I'll see what I can do." Brutus, by the door and swamped by at least seven kids under the age of ten - two hanging off his biceps like a giant tire swing - gives Devon the 'wrap it up' gesture and tells the kids it's time for them to go. Devon turns back to the boy and says, "What's your name, so I can remember when you win?" The boy's face goes proud, chin up and eyes set. "It's Felix. Felix Hunter." "That's a good name," Devon says with a nod. "Okay, Felix Hunter, I'll remember you." "How'd it go?" Brutus asks as they walk back to the truck, and Devon spins around one last time to wave before they turn the corner. "Tricked another kid into eating his vegetables," Devon says with a grin, and Brutus snorts. "Another day, another victory for the health bureau." "We take 'em where we can get 'em," Brutus agrees, and slides into the driver's seat. On the way back, Devon pull out the paperwork for his encounter reports and writes in the names of the kids who pinged his radar. Tracy Hickman, whose mother will be getting surgery next week, will receive a 'get well' card in the mail after; Felix will get an autographed picture on his next birthday. Not all the Victors bother with this sort of thing, either because they hate kids and could never pull it off or because that's not their persona or they think it's creepy or what, but Devon loves it. He loves connecting with people, seeing their smiles and listening to them talk about their lives. Devon volunteered because he loves his district, and that didn't end the day he walked out of the Arena. The people of Two are the reason he trained, why he suffered starvation and exposure and freezing and nerve gas and hallucinations and all those dark nights alone wondering if the blood would ever wash out, and they love him for it. They deserve to know he loves them back. Devon's memory is a library. He takes names and faces and tiny details and writes them on cards in his head, then he places those cards in a filing cabinet and stores it on the shelves. The shelves are all divided into years and seasons, and each row by the age of the person and type of encounter. He doesn't remember when he learned to do it, but it's always been a part of him. He writes the official reports so the Victor Affairs Bureau can handle the actual records - each week he gets a pile of cards to sign or photos to autograph, and returns them to the office to mail them out - but the faces, those stay with Devon forever. It means that if he sees someone at a party or a fundraiser one, two, five years later, Devon only has to check his library to pull up where he saw them and why they were memorable. People love it; they laugh and clap their hands and call over their friends when Devon tells them he remembers that Scott Forrest was worried about his upcoming math test, or Melissa Hardy couldn't get to the top of the ropes course, and each time the link between the Victors and the people they sacrifice themselves for gets stronger. Sometimes it means Devon stands in the Victors' Box at the Reaping and sees an eighteen-year-old with proud eyes and a dazzling smile and remembers thirteen-year-old Dale Carver asking him in a low, abashed whisper whether the Program would judge him if he brought his teddy bear with him in the box of allowed items when he goes to Residential next week. Sometimes it means remembering that Alyssa Weathers was scared of spiders, that he told her they were more afraid of her than she was of them, when the giant insect mutts descend from the trees and tear her to pieces in her sleep. He always asks for the files on the kids who wash out of the Program with every round of cuts, and Devon sends an encouraging note to every single one. The Centre will have recommended a track for them, and he doesn't try to shape their careers or push them in a certain direction, but he thanks them for their service and reminds them that there's no wrong way to serve the Capitol and their district. Not all of them write him back, but he saves the responses from the ones who do. Each mentor has a type, some more clearly defined than others. Lyme likes the boys, the needier and crazier the better, but she'll take a girl if she's proud and angry enough. Emory chooses the quarry kids who made good, boy or girl, the proud ones who want to show Panem the people that Two's foundations are built on. Misha gravitates toward the ones with the gleam in their eyes, the ones who score a little too high on gleeful violence and get top marks in acting just so they can learn to look sorry. Devon, for his part, goes for the dreamers. They're rarer - one every three years or so, maybe - but he twigs as soon as he sees their files; knows for sure if he gets footage of any of their yearly consultations. They're the ones who score low on aggression and high on idealism, who join not for the sport or the blood or the chance to blaze short and fast rather than sputter out and fade, but because they're saving children's lives and feeding families and bringing pride to their district. The ones who repeat the words they're taught from birth and mean it. He's never brought one home - they fall hard and fast, his dreamers, often before they know they're dead - but it's all right, because Devon is a dreamer, too. The spring before the 73 rd , Lyme chooses a girl for the first time in over a decade, and so Devon sits at his desk with the boys, flipping through folders and glancing at photos and school reports on "If I Won the Hunger Games". He skims the transcripts of their entrance interviews, where they told the recruiters why they decided to join the Program (at seven or eight, most of them either don't know or say their parents want them to, but some have a glimmer of an idea of what lies on the other side). One boy stands out: in his photos he holds his head high, but without the curl of his lip that denotes arrogance. It's pride but as a positive, pride like Brutus has, the pride in a wall well built or a dam well dug or a table crafted to be strong and beautiful at once. In his interview he says he wants to show the world that District Two is great and remind everyone that the Hunger Games are here to protect them. It's not surprising that he says it at eight; what's impressive is that at eighteen his answer hasn't changed. Devon hums and flips back through the years of photos, most recent to least, and the boy's face triggers in his memory even before he reaches the beginning of the file and reminds himself of the name: FELIX H. Devon lets out a long breath and fans out the applications in front of him. The other two are a big bruiser with blood ground into his knuckles and a smaller boy with eyes like knives and the highest kill scores over two years; the big one has top rankings in every physical test there is. Felix has lower individual scores but the highest average overall, fewer distinctions but nothing below a high pass across the board. Two won last year, but back-to-back victories aren't unheard of, even if no one's managed to pull it off since Cashmere and Gloss soon after Devon's win. The 72 nd was meant to favour the Career boys or the big outsiders used to hard work and little food, and Petra's victory at least shook things up. The exit survey from last year's audience and the monthly polls show that while they're not bored of Two and were pleased with the brutality, Petra's disappearance after her Victory Tour and her lingering injury have left people disillusioned, disappointed. They need someone to restore the sheen, not just to the district but to the Games themselves. They need hope, charisma, and earnestness, someone to remind people that it's not just about picking up a weapon and bludgeoning everyone else until they're a mess of blood and bone and brains on the ground. The 73 rd needs a dreamer. Devon pauses with his fingers on the files, then slowly pushes Grant (the big boy) and Nathan (the mean one) out of the way and pulls Felix's file toward him. He picks up his pen and fills in the form and writes the boy's name and candidate number in block letters, then scrawls his signature across the bottom. Felix's giant, open smile beams at him from the oldest photo at the top of the pile. The cameras love Felix from the moment he calls out and the boy he stands in for collapses to his knees, shaking with relief. Felix winks at him as he passes - technically a violation, but Devon won't scold him because the escort coos and the audiences will swoon - and bounds up the stairs like an oversized puppy. Lyme's girl gives him a cool, neutral, sideways stare (and yeah, Devon saw her file too, saw the police report when she was eleven, the one that made Lyme throw a bottle right through her window and demand to take her) but Felix just smiles, smiles and keeps his distance and all but bounces on his toes. On the train he sits forward in his seat with his hands between his knees, expression wide and open as