Notes: This story involves headcanon created by my friend azelmaroark and expanded on by the both of us. One of the amazing things about The Hunger Games is how much room there is for headcanon because Katniss' POV is so limited in her knowledge and introspection. This fandom is a great place to play around in, but even so, I find myself disagreeing with most portrayals of the Careers I've seen. Either they're straight-up monsters or they're misunderstood brainwashed woobie babies. My personal headcanon is that you can be murderer and victim both, and that this dichotomy is what makes the Careers so fascinating. This story is an exploration of that. Prologue: Coming Home He can't feel his feet. Claudius tries to curl his toes inside his boots, something to do with blood flow - that's what you do, right, your blood needs to keep moving and if it stops moving you die? - but he can't tell if they obey. He made a misstep earlier in the parking lot, stepped in what he thought was solid snow but turned out to be a half-frozen puddle, and the water soaked through his boots and socks. He stole the boots from an outside display when the first snow fell back in November, but it's near the end of January now and he tore the soles the time that a freak storm hit and he had to run down the mountain to avoid a rock slide. It was almost fun in the summer. Not real fun, not super fun, but at least when the weather was nice it was easier. He could sleep under the stars and pretend he was camping, and lots of people left their back doors open to allow for a breeze - not too many bugs up in the mountains - so he could sneak in and crash on people's couches before they woke up. All he had to do to take a shower was sneak into a public pool, and there were fairs and festivals and it was easy to snatch food from open stalls. Fall means school, which on one hand means having to sit and listen to things Claudius doesn't care about but has to memorize anyway, and kids who make fun of him for his shaggy hair and quickly-wearing clothes. But at the same time it means a place where he can stay for the whole morning, even in bad weather, and nobody asks him what he's doing or where his parents are. At lunch Claudius weaves his way through the classrooms and the yards, asking other kids if they're going to finish that sandwich or do they want that apple, and once he has one thing for free he can trade up for something better, and he usually manages to be full enough by the time it's two o'clock and time to go to the Centre. Nobody ever wants to drink their milk, and Claudius usually gets at least a carton of that without even having to give them something. Next year he'll get the first strand of his bracelet. Next year he'll be able to start taking other people's lunches if they won't give them to him. Fall also means apple season, good, crisp apples just hanging from trees. Claudius memorized where all the trees were before the fruit finished ripening, and by the time the apples were round and red and ready to pick, he'd worked out a routine for how to get enough without ever picking too much from one tree at a time. He heard at the Centre that apples have good things like fibre and vitamins and other things that Claudius doesn't know but that kids should be eating. A lot of the houses at the edge of town grow gardens, and so he steals things like potatoes, beans, carrots, and other things he doesn't have to cook. Once he steals a small pumpkin and eats it raw. Claudius did a pretty good job of living on his own for months, but now it's the dead of winter. Vendors don't sell things on the streets anymore; people lock their doors and seal up all the cracks to keep the cold out, and unfortunately that means it keeps Claudius away, too. The cold seeps into his bones and never seems to leave. He coughs, and it's wet and rattling in his chest, and once he starts coughing it's really hard to stop. Claudius bends over double, his hands over his mouth, and finally something wet and slimy and salty works its way loose from his throat. He spits it out with relief, because now he's safe for a little while. It's the weekend, and Claudius is at the playground because there are usually other kids there, playing on the swings and jumping into the snow, or dragging sleds up the small man-made hill. Sometimes if Claudius asks nice they let him have a turn. He sticks to himself, close enough to groups of other kids that people might think he's with them, but not so close that the kids themselves start asking him what he's doing there. Except that his chest has really been hurting the last few days, and if he tries to run he coughs, and his fingers are so cold it's hard to move them. One of the kids peels off his mittens and tosses them on the snow so he can pack a snowball without it sticking to his hands. His mom scolds him - "Well don't come crying to me when your fingers freeze!" - but turns away to talk to her friend. They're both holding cardboard cups filled with something hot, steaming in the cold air. The kids keep playing. Claudius edges closer. The mittens are right there , and they're big and chunky and Claudius pretends to trip in the snow and then he has them, and his heart thumps and he's terrified someone will notice and so he edges away from the other kids and then he runs. He doesn't get very far before his lungs give out but he has mittens and it will be okay. It takes him five minutes to get them on over his numbed, cramping fingers. He's figured out a system to sleep, at least. There's an all-night diner in an okay part of town, not one of the ones where people run around sticking knives into other people but also not where it's clean and shiny and people panic if there's a newspaper on the ground and Peacekeepers carry homeless guys to jail, and Claudius curls up behind it next to the dumpster with a garbage bag. There's a vent connected to the kitchen that blows hot air from the oven, and it keeps him warm enough until morning when the garbage trucks wake him and warn him it's time to run and head for school. Claudius doesn't remember much of what happens at school the next day. His head hurts, he's prickly and itchy and everything aches, and his eyes feel like they're made out of scratchy wool and somebody's shoved a spiky hairbrush down his throat. He's too hot in his sweater but if he takes it off he starts to shiver. "Uh-oh honey," says his teacher, and she pushes his hair out of his eyes and presses the back of her hand to his forehead. Her fingers are cool, and Claudius whimpers and has to stop himself from leaning in to the touch. "We should call your parents, have them take you home." "No," Claudius says, and he forces himself to sit up. "No it's okay. She's at work. I'm going to the Centre after lunch. I'll go to Medical there." "Well, all right," she says, because nobody messes with the Centre. "Still, I'm going to send you to the nurse's office. You stay there and sleep until it's time." Claudius tries to argue with her but it must not have worked because the next thing he remembers is white sheets. "I think we should call your parents," says the nurse when Claudius sits up, bleary and dizzy. "You shouldn't go to the Centre like that, you need rest." Claudius closes his eyes and gives the room five seconds to stop spinning. He grips the edge of the cot and wills himself to steady, and when he puts his feet down on the floor nothing tilts underneath him. "I'm much better now," he says. "It's okay. I'll go back to class, and I'll tell Mom when she comes to pick me up that you said to take me home." "All right," the nurse says. Claudius smiles at her until he's out of the office, and then he's staggering through the halls to his locker. He grabs his stolen coat, boots, and mittens, shoves himself into them, and stumbles outside. It's still early, but he doesn't think he can walk to the Centre in time if he stays until two. He's fine, really, after that. The Centre is warm but not too warm, and they're afraid of infections with so many kids in the building so the air is filtered or something, and Claudius does feel better. He drinks from the water fountain until one of the other kids gets impatient and shoves him, and that helps, too. He's fine. He's fine until they're playing dodgeball, and he has the ball in his hands and it's heavy, way too heavy for something filled with air, and there are kids running and yelling and their shoes squeak against the floor and there's more yelling, yelling at him, someone yelling his name, and he's holding the ball but he can't remember what he's supposed to do with it, and then this time everything does tip over. White sheets again. Always white. Claudius doesn't like white. They should really change the colours. The sheets are white and the bed is soft and there are things taped to his hands and his arm and voices in the background but at least nobody's yelling and nobody sounds like Her. " - shouldn't be contagious, but his immune system -" " - how long do you think -" " - minor case of frostbite -" " - insane, how could we have missed -" " - mother, shouldn't he be -" "No!" Claudius screams, and his throat is dry and scratchy but he can't, they can't. "Not there! You can't take me there!" The voices stop. "Can't take you where?" someone asks. "Where don't you want to go?" "Back there ," Claudius rasps, and he knows the word is 'home' but it's not home and it sticks in his throat. "With her. She wouldn't take me anyway. She changed the locks and she said if I tried to break in she'd send me to the Home. The one for the bad kids. Where they know how to treat kids like me." He tries to curl in on himself but there are tubes and things attached to him and he can't, so he turns his face into the pillow. "It's not her fault. I set her plants on fire. She was mad." "When?" asks the voice again, and it's a lady, a nice lady with a soft voice. She sits next to him and strokes his hair. "When did she change the locks?" "August," Claudius says to the pillow, his eyes screwed shut. Somewhere above him, a few people make sharp hissing noises, and somebody walks away real fast, their heels hard on the floor. "Don't make me go back. Please." There's a pause, a quick discussion that Claudius can't understand because his head hurts too much. "You're staying right here," says the lady, and this time her voice is a little harder but it doesn't sound like she's mad at him and that's okay. That's okay. "You're going to stay here and get some sleep." "Okay," Claudius says, and the sobs that have been building up in his chest