PROMPT: seneca crane/johanna , i've even loved a few times in my disgusting human way , from here. When Seneca was three years old, a shopkeeper slapped his hand away from a display of strawberries. "No," she said sharply. Seneca looked up at his mother, his forehead wrinkled into a frown. "No?" he asked. "Mama, what's 'no' mean?" It's been the family joke since as far back as Seneca can remember. He was too young to remember the incident but he likes to think he does just because he's heard it so many times. Now his mind recreates it in fragments based on who was telling the story at the time: "And then, I looked at that dreadful plebeian woman -" Mother always says, her laughter bright and sharp, fingers curled around the stem of a crystal goblet - "- and you know Honoria," says Grandmama when she tells it, her grey gaze sharp and lips painted a fierce scarlet, "she has such a way with words -" "- and Mrs. Crane, she told him, 'nothing you have to worry about darling'," the servants would whisper, before Seneca decided he didn't like the way they looked at him, pointed his chubby finger and they had to pack their bags. The word 'no', as Seneca learns by the time he starts his schooling, is meant for other people. Not for the Cranes. Seneca learns what it means, what it represents, how to say it with the proper bite of command and curling twist of his lip, how to pause before speaking and impart the word with gravitas like he's pronouncing sentence, even if he's just deciding whether to have mustard on his sandwich. When Seneca is ten, he asks for tickets to attend the Quarter Quell at the Capitol; his parents rent a suite in the Games Complex and he has a front row seat at the interviews, a spot in the sponsors box to watch the mentors scrabble for scraps like starving dogs. When he's fifteen, he asks for an advance on his allowance so he can send his first sponsor gift of his very own; Lyme, the female tribute from District Two, wins her Games with the sword he sent her, and a month later Seneca gets an autographed picture to hang on his wall. When he's twenty, he asks for a job working for the Gamemakers; he gets an entry-level position delivering coffee and shuffling paperwork, and within three years he's been promoted to a technician on the Games floor. When he's twenty-six, he asks for Johanna Mason. The thing is, she never fooled him, but that's not her fault, oh no. As assistant Gamemaker Seneca has information : interviews with people from her home town talking about her flashing eyes and fiery temper; incident reports from her school of the times she sent another student to the nurse's office with a broken nose when they made her little sister cry; a stubborn recommendation from her charmingly backwater employer at the lumber yard who speaks of her skill with an axe. Seneca looks at the fifteen-year-old girl with the dark, lank hair hanging in her eyes and sees how she combs it down to hide the calculation on her face. He sees her hunch her shoulders and wrap her hands around her arms to hide the whipcord of muscles caused by years of working in the woods. He sees that no matter how much time she spends sobbing and wailing for her mother, for home, for someone to save her, that she never forgets to eat. Johanna murders the first Career tribute - an uninspiring boy from District Two - with her belt wrapped around his throat, her knee in his chest and her fingers in his eyes. His fist smashes her nose before she chokes the life from him and he goes limp beneath her, but she snorts out blood, cracks the bones back into place, and sits down for a meal from the food in his pack. Seneca rewards her with a rain of fire late that night that destroys her supplies and forces her to move. A lesser man might have helped her, but this girl is different, special; she's like Seneca, forged from steel and determination, never satisfied with mediocrity. She wouldn't want to win because the Gamemakers took it easy on her. When she wins she'll know herself truly worthy of her victory. Her fight with the girl from District One leaves Johanna drenched in blood, and she strips down and washes herself in the river, unconcerned about the cameras that align themselves to give the audience every glimpse they can of her pale skin. Seneca's mouth goes dry, and he misses his cue to end the sunset because he's entranced by the orange light glowing on her shoulders, her hair. They reprimand him and he slides the Arena into darkness with more haste than usual. On screen, Johanna rolls her eyes. This feeling is not unfamiliar to Seneca - his first came when he was fourteen, when Father bought him a pretty young thing from District One to make his son a man, and since then he's known nothing but the finest his money can buy - but it's the first time it has happened with a tribute, and it's never distracted him from his work. After his shift he calls the Agency and has them send a lookalike, but she's just a copy, a facsimile, no more real than the illusions he and the others create in the Games Complex; she has the looks but not the fire, the build but not the presence, and halfway through Seneca gives up and sends her away. He queues up the feed of Johanna's latest kill, closes his eyes and lets his own hands and the sound of her voice, harsh and guttural as she screams profanities and buries a dagger in the Four girl's chest, take him over the edge. He wakes the next morning, his desire far from slaked, and makes it to work just in time to see Johanna receive the axe that will split the sternum of the last tribute and bring her the crown. Johanna stands, one leg half-bent beneath her, bracing herself on the handle of her weapon with the blade still buried in the One Boy's chest, shuddering and gasping for breath. Blood splashes her clothes, clumps in her hair, and she slides both hands up her face and digs her fingers into her scalp. Johanna Mason, Victor of the 66th Hunger Games, turns her face up to the sky and lets out a wild, insane laugh, and Seneca will have her. He knows because he must, because she's reached a hand down his throat and taken hold of his soul with her clever, blood-encrusted fingers, and Seneca will never sleep again until he gets it back. Father has a timeshare out in District Ten; he likes to go there once a month or so and train his stallions. The thing about stallions, he tells Seneca once when he brings him along - pulling the rope taut around those strong, flailing legs with hoofs that could break his jaw or snap his arm in half - is that they're twice as beautiful once they're broken. When that wild energy snaps and drains away and the true submissive spirit reveals itself, like peeling away the ugly outer layers of a goosefruit to get at the pink flesh at the centre. The fight is sweet, the defeat sweeter. All beautiful things, Father tells Seneca - the horse shudders beneath his hand, eyes rolling in its head - are better when broken, because that's how you know for sure they're yours. Seneca loves Johanna; he knows this because more than anything he wants to see her come apart beneath his hands. "I can't let you in to see the President just because you want to, Mr. Crane," says his secretary, buffing her nails. She's nothing, a pretty thing drunk on the power that comes from sitting behind a desk. She doesn't know who she's dealing with. "I can pencil you in for an afternoon in September, if you'd like." "I'll wait," Seneca says. He settles down in a plush leather chair outside the door, crosses his legs ankle over knee, and waits. "You're not honestly going to stay there." She glares at him. Seneca slips his pill case from his pocket, humming to himself as he slides his fingers over the capsules. Back when he first started on the Games floor, Seneca worked for four days without a break, thanks to specially commissioned pharmaceuticals that curbed his appetite, stopped his bodily functions, and kept him sharp and alert. It got him the notice of the head Gamemaker, Tobias Flamencia, who had Seneca promoted that next year. Around eleven in the morning of the second day, the secretary tells him President Snow will see him now, even as she tries to skewer him through with her stare. Seneca smiles at her and slides to his feet, heady with triumph. 'No' is for other people, indeed. The office smells of roses and something else, something glorious, something that stands the hair on Seneca's arms on end and fills him with the awareness that he stands in the presence of greatness. In retrospect, perhaps two days in a waiting room lounge chair wasn't the brightest idea before meeting the most powerful, amazing man in all of Panem, but too late now. "Well, Seneca," says the President, and Seneca nearly faints at the sound of his humble name spoken in that sonorous voice. "I spent the morning going over your file, and I must say, you've managed to impress me. You have quite the record, a very meteoric rise for someone your age. Now what can I do for you?" Seneca swallows. "Well, sir, I was wondering if there's been any progress on the contract for Johanna Mason." "My, aren't we ambitious," President Snow says in a dry drawl. "At this point, I have to say none at all. She hasn't garnered the sort of response that warrants that kind of paperwork. Are you here to give me information on an eager bidder I might have missed?" "In a sense, sir," Seneca says, his heart thrilling in his chest. "I would like to apply for her myself." The President tilts his head. "I'm not sure you have the cachet to get on the list for a Victor yet, Seneca. Their contracts aren't available to just anyone." It's a testament to his parents' strength and conviction in raising him that even a no coming from President Snow makes Seneca's skin prickle with frustration. He keeps it from his face and lets out a breath instead. "I would be willing to put my future up against it as collateral, if need be, sir. Consider it an investment." "I see." President Snow raises an eyebrow. "And what, exactly, do you see in this girl that our usual clientele doesn't?" Seneca had two days to come up with an argument, organized with mental footnotes and citations, one that would sway the President to his way of thinking with the sheer beauty of his persuasive talent. What he says is, "My father owns stallions," and spends the next five seconds trying to figure out how to give himself a spontaneous aneurism out of sheer mortification. But surprisingly, the President merely smiles, a slow, friendly, almost conspiratorial expression that warms Seneca's heart and curls in his stomach. "I completely understand," the President says, and Seneca's breath sticks in his chest. "I see you're a man who won't take no for an answer. Well, I'll tell you what, Seneca, I like to see such strong ambition in young people, and I like to see them doing something with that ambition. Why don't I see what I can do, and I'll be in touch." Seneca all but floats back to his apartment.