Clove's scream splits the air, silencing the birds in the trees around the clearing as not even the mockingjays dare to take up the sound. For Katniss Everdeen, winded and choking back breath with blood running into her eye, and for viewers in the districts, watching at home and praying that the monster loses, the scream makes sense. It's chilling, yes — in that moment Clove is no longer a demon with a brace of steel claws she keeps in her vest but a girl, a girl only a handful of years older than sweet, innocent, infantilized Rue herself — but not unexpected. Who wouldn't scream with a boy twice her size slamming her head into the ground? The cameras always zoom in on this moment: the fear and the blood, before the light leaves the eyes and everything glazes over. Even the strongest, the nastiest, are nothing but empty sacks of bone and flesh in the end. For Thresh, it's not enough. Clove killed that little girl, that sweet little girl with the big brown eyes and the three little siblings, the little girl who looked at him on the train that first day and told him she didn't want to be allies, whose mouth twisted ugly in her sweet little face and said Let someone else kill me, that's solidarity enough . The little girl is dead and Clove bragged about it, Clove with her cold, hard eyes and her spider's smile and fingers caressing her knives like she might a lover, her mocking sing-song as she pinned Twelve to the ground and promised torture — her scream is nowhere near the payback she deserves. He digs his fingers into her throat, feels the frantic fluttering of pulse beneath his thumb, and reaches back for a rock to bash in the side of her skull. For Cato it's the beginning of the end, an unravelling of a boy made of rage and pain and arrogance who tethered his humanity on this girl who had little of her own to spare. Her scream peels off his skin, tears it right back to the sinew underneath and carves messages into his bones: too slow, too cocky, not good enough, you failed her how could you . He runs and runs and runs; she's never called for him, not like this, in all the years they've known each other, and he can't fail her now, he can't . The branches whip hard at his face unheeded, leaving bloody scratches across his cheek, and his lungs burn and his ankle rolls against the uneven ground but still he runs, faster, faster, faster. The District 2 mentors hold their breath, waiting. More than ten dead tributes between them, they know how this story will end. It plays out in both their minds like the victory reel for another tribute in slow motion. Clove is tearing at Thresh's hands with her blunt fingernails but it won't help, and his hand has closed around her throat and the other around a rock and Cato is running faster than he's ever run in his entire life but it won't be fast enough. Thresh will pound Clove's skull with the stone in his fist until it caves, and Cato will hold her bloody head in his lap, caress her face with his hands and plead for her to stay until she slips away. Then he'll stand, eyes burning and jaw set, and he will pick up his abandoned sword and stalk Thresh for two sleepless days and when he's done there will be nothing recognizable for District 11 to bury. Whatever happens in the end, for District 2 it all comes down to this. Thresh kills Clove, and Cato falls apart, and this game was never theirs. Except — maybe — it is. A hundred little details, and any one could change the course of everything. The rock lies out of reach; Thresh's fingers slip in sweat and blood and he can't get a good hold; Clove has one more knife hidden in her jacket and she rams it hard into his shoulder; Cato finds one deep, last well of speed and catches up before Thresh can make the final blow. He lands on Thresh's back snarling and spitting like a wildcat, and Clove slithers from his grip — reeling, staggering, choking and rasping for breath as long strings of saliva hang from her mouth — as Katniss Everdeen scrambles back out of the way. Clove doesn't make the same mistake a second time. She slits Katniss' throat with brutal, ruthless efficiency, and doesn't need to wait for the cannon before she tears across the field to help Cato finish off Thresh. They'd both dropped their weapons in the frenzy, and now they're rolling and grappling and pounding each other in the heads with their huge, meaty fists. Clove picks up Cato's sword, much too heavy for her, but she lifts and swings and Cato sees her at the last second and rolls them over to expose the broad expanse of Thresh's back. She doesn't drive it in far enough the first time but Cato frees himself when the first shock of pain loosens Thresh's grip. Together they push the blade through bone and muscle and tissue as Thresh vomits blood and scrabbles against the ground and rips up grass with his spasming fingers until at last the second cannon fires. They embrace after that, laughing and shrieking in near hysterics. Cato lifts her right off the ground, cradles the back of her head in his blood-stained fingers, and she digs her nails into the side of his neck until she draws pinpricks of blood to prove to herself he's real. "We can do this," Cato says. "Two down. We've got this." Clove smiles at him, beaming bright and beautiful in her bruised and battered face. Brutus and Lyme exchange wide-eyed stares and look down at their screens, where the sponsor money has begun rolling in as the great star-crossed love story ends and the gamblers scramble for the next sure thing. They find Five in the forest, eyes too large in her face above sunken cheeks, skin pale and ashy with collarbones protruding over the top of her shirt. She'd laid a trap for them, a handkerchief strewn with berries as though they'd interrupted her meal, a last-ditch effort to get them to poison themselves with nightlock except that the Centre trained them for that too. When Cato kicks the berries aside and Clove unsheathes her knives in a showy gesture the girl actually steps out from her hiding place herself. "Fine," she says, her voice little more than a cracked whisper. Blood beads up on the splits in her chapped lips. Dehydration burns like madness in her eyes. "Just do it." They do, and not long after that they find the cave with Peeta Mellark, raving in the last hours of blood-fever. "Ugh," Cato says with an exaggerated grimace, and nudges Peeta's leg with his boot. "I mean, I knew where I cut him, but I didn't know it would smell so bad." Clove rolls her eyes. "I'll do it, since you're being such a baby," she says, and kneels. Peeta dies with his eyes wide open, lips still mouthing Katniss' name. The cannon fires, and the two of them pick their way out of the cave into the bushes and gravel at the opening. "We did it," Cato says. "We won. It's over." He laughs again, reaches down and pushes Clove's hair out of her eyes. The dirt and sweat and crusts of dried blood smear beneath his fingers, and Clove smiles. The moment is tailor-made for the cameras, love and friendship and a flicker of the undefinable between them on display for millions of viewers looking for a replacement to the lovers from District 12, but there's something else beneath it, too. Something about the light in Clove's eyes, the curve of Cato's smile as he strokes his thumb across her cheek, is as much a fuck you to the viewers as it is a love letter. The victory announcement always follows the final cannon, and so they wait, but the silence stretches on. A full minute passes, and although the sun streams bright through the rustling green leaves and the birds sing sweetly overhead, Clove's eyebrows furrow and Cato's eyes tighten with fear. Too long; they should hear the voice by now, or the victory trumpets, or — something. Anything but this. "Should we —" Clove says, with a vague gesture that could mean a hundred things but none that lead to hope. "I don't know," Cato says, and they turn their faces to the sky. In the mentor command room, Lyme turns to Brutus and forces out the words through the invisible hand squeezing her throat. "Should we —" she says, echoing the words of Clove on the ground, tinny through her headset. Brutus shakes his head. The mentor chairs are one of the few Capitol-built furniture items big enough to fit him but in a way that's even worse, the comfort a stark contrast to their purpose. He doesn't look away from his screen, where this time it's Clove who makes the move, reaching over to slip her hand into Cato's in a gesture that's practically a scream for mercy. "We've done all we can," he says. "We had the debate, and the vote, and —" He lets out a slow breath. "It's up to the president now." At last: a voice. Flat, impersonal, almost robotic in its dispassionate calm, the birds fall silent as the voice delivers its message — and of course, of course it wouldn't last. The rule change was never meant for them, and denied their perfect romance, the audience is after blood. Besides, everyone knows that the killers from District 2 are only in it to win. If the rule change stuck, they probably would have tried to kill the other anyway, so as not to share the victory. Everyone knows that. It's only logical. Clove wrenches her hand free from Cato's and flicks a blade into her palm from the sheath on her wrist. Cato takes longer to free his sword, and he raises the blade to block any knives that fly at his face just as Clove backs up to get her out of close range. They stare at each other, eyes locked and muscles tensed, and the years and seconds stretch out between them. The Capitol viewers crane forward in their seats even as those in the districts continue about their day with televisions playing in the background, as though it matters to them which killer takes the throne when their own are dead. The mentors push aside the impulse to close their eyes, instead holding and refusing to blink even as their eyes burn and the muscles in their temples ache. The Gamemakers hover fingers above the buttons for the cannon and the trumpets, and the President leans back and smiles. The apology sits heavy and bitter in Cato's throat, thick like rotting fruit or maybe liver, spilling over onto his tongue and out between his teeth and dribbling down his chin, but he can't let it out. He can't, not if they're going to do this, because if he says he's sorry then that means he doesn't want this, though of course he doesn't. Of course he doesn't , he's never wanted her dead, not once, in all the years of training with her head trapped under his armpit and her fists beating a staccato against his ribs while he laughs and laughs a split second before she pulls a knife from Snow-fucking-knows where and slices him across the ribs. Not even in the Arena, with Glimmer's head tucked against his chest and Clove curled up with her knives on the other side of the campfire, the distance between them as calculated and necessary as his onscreen showmance with Glimmer.