It's two o'clock in the afternoon near the end of August. The trilling of birds has fallen silent under the weight of the heat; Ronan's hounds lie stretched out on the front porch, tongues hanging loose and sides moving rapidly as they pant. Even the flies have stopped buzzing against the windowpane, choosing to walk along the edges of the sill instead. Brutus traps one against the pane with his cupped hand, just because, then opens the window and lets it out. Outside even the yard has gone quiet, no breeze to swish the pine needles or rustle the grasses. Brutus slides the screen shut and turns away back toward the house; inside it's not much different, the wind chime in the kitchen hangs still and the curtains lie flat, but it's not — quite — peaceful. Sounds make their way up from the basement; the hollow thump of fists hitting canvas and the jingling of chain, interspersed with tight, controlled grunts. Normally in the middle of the afternoon a fresh Victor would be napping — even Brutus at his most restless had succumbed to the long hours after lunch before the evening breeze wicked away the worst of the heat — but Emory is at the bag again, just like she was yesterday and the day before and the day before that. Emory holes up in her gym with a punching bag while her mentor wanders around the kitchen at a loss, opening cupboards and shutting them again because he can't go in there. Brutus tried, the first time, but he caught sight of the glistening on her cheeks when she turned toward the stairs, and the anguish that crossed Emory's face at her mentor seeing her cry — well. Brutus can't fix it, he can't go back in time and convince the Gamemakers to give her a final showdown instead of killing off the last remaining tribute as a message to the districts, but he can at least give her privacy for her breakdowns. Victors shouldn't hide from their mentors — a mentor accepts anything, even weakness — but this isn't about Brutus being ashamed of her. This is about allowing dignity to a girl who had everything she'd trained for since the age of seven snatched away at the last second; a distant cannon without bloodshed, victory trumpets and congratulations blared over the speakers while Emory whipped around, wide-eyed and disbelieving, searching for the final opponent who'd never come. A finale without a showdown is the worst end to a Career-won Games, and Emory might not have taken the longest to starve or freeze to death but it's still not the kind of victory anyone from Two dreams of. Making it through the Games should be enough on its own — and in the outer districts often it is — but here in Two they're held to a higher standard, by themselves no less than anyone else. No Victor wants eleven years of preparation to culminate in a default win, meaning derision from commentators followed by all but disappearing from the Capitol's radar. For Emory, raised on honour and glory like the rest of them, an ignominious win isn't much better than a noble death. Funny thing is, it's not like that for the mentor. Brutus wouldn't care if Emory had hidden herself in a cupboard for three weeks and crawled out after everyone else slashed each other to bits, but try telling her that. Her eyes still dig hooks into his chest, pinning Brutus and stealing his breath and his words and everything but empty reassurance when she asked him, her first week out, how this was better than dying with honour. Because you're here , he'd thought, useless, soft words that would do nothing to help the raw, wounded edge in Emory's voice or soothe the ache that tried to tear her apart every minute of every day. Brutus thought, during his recovery when the guilt and confusion and anger battled each other and left him gasping, that he'd felt every emotion he'd ever had coming. He'd thought he'd somehow used his quota for the next decade in those long, shaky months when he vomited out his soul to Odin in horror and his mentor slowly put it all back. He hadn't expected this, day after day of helplessness and and wild, directionless fury that Emory — his Victor, a simple girl from the quarries who lasted through an Arena tailor-made for clever outliers — gets any less than utmost respect and admiration. You can't punch this away, he's tried, and soon Emory will figure that out for herself but Brutus can't force that revelation on her. Eventually the sounds die down and the stairs creak; Emory makes her way into the kitchen, heavy-limbed and eyes averted, short hair plastered to her forehead. She tugs open the fridge, which is brand-new and shiny; she squawked when she saw it and asked Brutus if he couldn't have found one used before he told her Victor Affairs handled all that sort of thing. The worst part was he was glad for her shock, because it at least jarred her out of the silence that had enveloped her the whole train ride home. The fridge is stocked with food the way it always is for new Victors, with the others coming by every few days and dropping off fresh-baked meals in freezable containers, but Emory ignores all that. Instead she reaches for the protein shakes, every bit as boring and gritty as the meals back at the Centre, and without speaking or meeting Brutus' eyes she tips her head back and chugs down half of it before shoving it back onto the shelf. "Emory," Brutus says, curling his hands into fists. He's let it go this long but it's been too long now. His heart pounds in his throat. "You need to eat something." Emory freezes with her back to him, the line of her shoulders tightening. "Smoothie's good enough." It's not insubordination, not the way she says it, just a fact; not stubborn or angry, just tired, like a shadow cast in light too dim for proper sharp edges. "You've barely had anything but smoothies since you got back," Brutus says. Smoothies and unseasoned cuts of meat and vegetables, bland and calorie-dense with little fanfare or effort — exactly the sort of foods she would have eaten at the Centre and nothing more. Not even the fresh fruit she'd get from the trainers for high scores or surprisingly violent behaviour. No treats, no indulgences, none of the rewards a new Victor deserves. Emory flinches but doesn't turn. "I like the shakes." "You don't have to earn your food anymore," Brutus says. His fingernails bite his palm. "You're a Victor, not a candidate." She lets out a long breath, shoulders sagging. "Due respect and all, but I'd rather not." He could knock her down and sit on her chest and force her to eat, but Brutus knows his Victor better than that. She would comply because her mentor said so, and feel all the more the failure that he had to make her do it. There are worse things in the world than living off a Centre diet until Brutus can figure out how to help her. "Come spar with me," Brutus says instead. Emory glances back, expression carefully schooled, and Brutus opens up his posture, letting his hands fall loose and unthreatening at his side. "What, you can take on a punching bag but you're scared to take on someone your own size?" Emory's mouth twitches, just a little. "You're a lot bigger than my own size," she says with mild accusation. "They didn't put me on the pills like you." Another Victor might make a smart remark about Brutus' likelihood of having children or the size of things that tend to shrink with too much steroid use, but of course Emory doesn't go there. Brutus snorts and rolls up one sleeve, curling his arm and letting his biceps stand out. "This ain't because of the pills, girl, not three years later. Now are we gonna go, or not?" Emory pauses, fingers twitching at the fabric of her training pants, but finally she lets out a breath. "Sure," she says. "We can head out back." Brutus resists the urge to attach a condition to it — if he wins then she has to eat a sandwich, or take a nap, or repeat the phrase "I am not nothing" — because Emory is a good, solid girl and would resent being manipulated. Instead he nods and follows her to the door. Brutus has never been all that great with words. He uses them like rocks, tools for smashing and bludgeoning, a way to get what he wants without needing any fancy tricks. The trouble comes when he can't use a rock, when the situation calls for something prettier than bashing things open. Odin dislocated Brutus' shoulder the day he tried to skip his medication and Brutus thanked him for it, but Brutus could no more lay a hand on his girl like that than he could haul off and punch her in the face for no reason. Lucky for him, there's sparring. Emory is big for a girl, tall and broad and quarry-strong, and she might not be Brutus' size but she's methodical and careful in her fighting. She's not quick or flashy but she knows how to read her opponents, watching with dark, intent eyes that rarely miss a movement. But she's also a Two and a Victor, and she knows how the world works. Brutus beats her not just because he's bigger and saner after three years out but because mentors are meant to win against their Victors, and that's the natural order of things. Brutus is meant to win and so he does; whatever else happens, whatever else went wrong, that hasn't changed. At every turn he blocks; he weathers her blows and moves back in when she feints away, solid and relentless and never giving in. When Brutus gets her down, pins her by the shoulders against the ground, something in Emory's eyes flashes. She fights him, twists underneath him and shifts her legs to throw him off, but she's not really trying and Brutus doesn't take the bait. He holds her until the fight leaches out of her, but even after she yields he stays put. He's not going anywhere, not if she fights, not if she gives up, and when Emory drops her arms and sinks back against the grass Brutus leans down to touch their foreheads together. "Hey," Brutus says, still breathing hard from the fight. "You're my girl, you know that." Emory shuts her eyes tight against the telltale sheen, and Brutus does the same to give her privacy, much as he can when they're this close. "I know," Emory says finally, her voice croaking in her throat. "I just wish you could've had a better one." "Ain't no such thing," Brutus says savagely, the words tearing themselves out in full lowtown quarry accent because district standard just isn't strong enough. But now is not the time for rocks, and he claps the side of her face and holds her steady until the danger passes. Emory lies on the lawn for a full minute after Brutus stands up, flat on her back with her arm draped across her eyes. Brutus focuses on brushing bits of dirt and grass from his pants until she stirs and heaves herself to her feet. "Think I pulled my shoulder," Emory says carefully, and Brutus goes still. He kept a close eye on the fight, watched every blow and gauged every possible injury, and he never wrenched her arm. But Brutus wasn't Reaped yesterday, and he only nods. "Come on back in, I'll get some liniment," he says gruffly. They sit on the couch together and Brutus makes a show of checking her shoulder for