It starts with a word. "No," Nero says, prying Lyme's hand away from her wrist. "I wasn't doing anything." Lyme doesn't look at him, just curls her fingers and tries to dig her nails into the soft flesh of his hand. It doesn't work; he's bigger than she is, especially now that she's dropping weight like crazy, and his hands are the size of her head. "You're not fooling me, little girl," Nero tells her, and he keeps her left arm still at her side while lifting up her right. Her wrist is raw and oozing blood, and it's not a big deal. It's scratches . Any Career gets worse injuries than that when they're seven; Lyme had her palms and the soles of her feet sliced open with tree branches for talking back when she was four. She had to get skin grafts for the burns on her legs, but you don't see Nero being a baby about that . "It was itching," Lyme says instead, yanking her hand free, and this time he lets her. It's clear he lets her, too; he holds on for half a second before releasing her, just long enough to tell her that she didn't do this on her own. Something hot and twisting builds up in her stomach. "I just wanted to make it stop." "No," Nero says again. "C'mon, let's spar it out." Sparring is good, at least; it lets her leak the violence out like lancing a boil. (People say that all the time but Lyme doesn't know what it means, and she's almost curious. The best way to make something go away is to cut it out; wouldn't it be nice if everything was that easy, slide in a scalpel and watch it bubble and ooze and drip until it's gone.) "No," Nero says when Lyme asks if she can go into town. "I just want to get out of here." Lyme scowls, curled up on the couch with a blanket wrapped around her despite the heat. "I'm going crazy." "You can go out soon, but not yet," he says, patient - too patient, it's getting on her nerves. "The first time I went out after my win, I nearly took the head off some asshole I decided looked at me the wrong way. You're still a little jumpy. Nothing wrong with that, we'll get you sorted, but it's best to wait until fall, at least. People won't always piss you off by then." "People have always pissed me off," Lyme mutters, digging her chin into her knees. "People suck." Nero laughs like she managed to surprise him. "That they do, sweetheart. But like it or not, nobody in this village will be killing anyone ever again, and I'm not gonna have you getting blood on your knuckles unless it's another victor's and you have my permission. Okay?" Lyme sinks down and frowns until her forehead muscles ache and she gives herself a headache, and after a while of that Nero clucks his tongue and tugs her up to spar again. "No." This time he caught her with a paring knife, slipping it under her skin and peeling it back, but the ink from her victor's tattoo goes down too deep, too deep. The pain dizzies her, leaves her reeling, and it doesn't take much for Nero to get the knife away from her. He snaps the blade in his fingers and tosses it in the trash. "It's not going away, remember that. You're a victor now. You could cut your whole hand off at the elbow and it wouldn't change that." She wanted this, is the crazy thing. Lyme closes her eyes against the blood and lets Nero bandage her again, and she thinks back to all those years at the Centre, convinced she was made for this and nothing else. That much is still true - there's nothing else she would ever be than this, a societally-sanctioned killer. If she hadn't been the kind that gets crowns and parades, she would've become one another way. Too much anger, too much hate, a whole tornado of rage wrapped up in a not-pretty girl's body. She's grateful. She is. But at the same time Lyme wonders if it might've been better being the other kind. Stalking the alleys, looking for men who trapped women in dark corners; watching the streets for women with bruised faces and downcast eyes, children with unnatural shuffling gaits who shy away from touch; finding the assholes who did it and cutting them into pieces. "No," Nero says again, not looking up from the gauze he's affixing around her wrist. "No what?" Lyme demands. "I didn't do anything!" "No whatever you're thinking, little girl, because I know your faces and that's not a good one." Nero raises an eyebrow. "Prove me wrong." Lyme tells him, because when your mentor asks that's what you do, and he says she'll never say anything that scares him but she almost wants to try. He goes still, then closes his eyes, and Lyme blows out a breath. "Well? At least if I was a serial killer, I'd only have killed people who deserved it. I liked killing at the Centre, I liked - they did bad things, and I wanted to make them pay for it, but I killed ten kids and they didn't do anything . Isn't that worse?" Nero lets out a long sigh, then wraps his arms around her and pulls her close. Lyme fights him for a second but there's no point, and she hides her face in his chest because at least then no one knows her eyes are burning. "Remember what I told you," Nero says, running his fingers through her hair. He means the week before when she tried to scrub the tattoo away with salt, and Lyme shakes her head. "What's done is done, Lyme. But we do what we can to make up for it." "But it never goes away." Lyme grips his shirt, pain still twingeing in her wrist. "No," Nero says, softly. No, when she sneaks a razor from his bathroom and drags it down her forearm. No, when she tries to hide her medication in the cracks of the couch. No, when she turns the shower on its hottest setting until the skin on her back blisters. No, no, no. A lifetime of no after an adolescence of yes, of try harder, of you can do it, keep going, don't stop, push push push, be the best and forget the rest. It's not what they promised her. The problem is, she doesn't know what she wants instead. Once Lyme breaks a glass in the kitchen. Not on purpose for once, but she's tired and squirrelly and the smooth surface slips in her fingers and it falls, shattering on the hardwood. The medication that Nero still won't let her taper off from keeps her brain muzzy, and the sunlight streams in through the window and catches on the tiny shards and all she can think is how pretty it is. Glass is sharp and bright and shiny, glittering like a sword blade, and the Centre always taught her that blades look best when stained with blood. It's not a glass anymore, just pieces, and Lyme isn't a tribute anymore, just a victor, and both of them are broken and have no purpose and her mind buzzes buzzes buzzes like bees and maybe if she could just see some blood she'd remember why she's here - "Lyme?" Nero calls from the other room, looking back at her through the gap between the counter and the cupboards above. Sometimes they sit together on the bar stools and watch the TV from the kitchen, but today he's on the couch. "You doing okay?" Lyme blinks. "I think there's something in my foot." There's a weird, prickly burning in the sole, and her voice sounds faraway. Nero is even farther when he curses and heaves himself up, and before Lyme can stop him he's picked her up and carried her over to the sofa. "It's fine," Lyme tells him. His face is impassive but it always is, he never lets her see beneath it and it's not fair, why should she be stripped raw and naked and bleeding in front of him and he get to keep his calm always? "It is fine, because I'm gonna make it fine, so just stay there." Nero grabs a med kit from under the sink - they're all over the house - and brings it back, dragging her foot into his lap. He pulls out a pair of tweezers and a strip of bandage and a bottle of disinfectant, and Lyme turns onto her side and rests her head against the cushion and drifts while he fixes her. The antiseptic burns, hot and clean, jarring her out of it with a gasp, but then Nero's hands are warm and strong and steady as they wrap the gauze around her foot. "That was my fault," Nero says, fingers warm against her ankle, thumb brushing over the jut of bone and making the hairs prickle. Nobody has waxed her since the Capitol and Lyme isn't allowed razors and honestly she kind of never wants them again. No more smooth and hairless and girlish for her, not ever. "I'll get plastic sent over. How you feeling, honey?" Lyme sucks in a breath that gets stuck halfway. "I don't know." Sometimes she says it to be annoying ( you tell me, you're the mentor ) but today it's true. Today there's nothing but a big grey emptiness inside her, and the blood didn't help and the pain didn't help and there is no helping, not for her. "Well, I'm right here," Nero says, squeezing her foot, and Lyme closes her eyes. Nero nudges Lyme awake. Lyme cracks one eye open, and the only reason she doesn't snarl at him is that the patch of sunlight on the wall is white, not pink or orange. "Sleeping late today," Nero says casually, sitting down on the edge of the bed. His weight makes the mattress dip, and Lyme starts to slide down toward him before she digs her knee into a spring to keep herself steady. "Everything okay?" "Fine." There's no clock by the bed because otherwise Lyme can't stop calculating how many times she wakes up at night. "Just don't feel like getting up." "Well, too bad for you, little girl." Nero pulls the blankets back, and Lyme would be grumpier about that except it's not cold in the house and she was feeling a little scratchy and over-warm anyway. Still, it's the principle. "We're getting up and going for a walk up the trails. The lake's real pretty this time of year." Lyme glares at him as he fishes out some clothes and tosses them at her. "I asked to go outside last week and you said no." "Last week it wasn't a good idea." "And now it is, when I don't want to anymore?" Lyme grabs the shirt and pants and holds them to her chest, teeth clenched hard enough to give her a headache. "So, what, I'm supposed to use reverse psychology on you to get what I want? Pretend I don't want to go outside and then you'll let me?" Nero shoots her a look from underneath his eyebrows. "No, you're supposed to trust me that I know better than you. It's for your own good, little girl." (the snap of the leather as he slaps his belt against his palm in warning; the whistle as it cuts through the air and smacks against skin; the sting as the buckle slams into her back, leaving bruises and blood and welts; it's for your own good little girl this stops when you cry little girl this hurts me more than you arms bending muscles burning bones breaking with a creak-crack-snap and fire you brought this on yourself