Britta wears her hair in pigtails, golden curls bouncing over her smoothly muscled shoulders. She eschews the heavy weaponry, ignoring the spears and the maces even though Devon catches her eye sliding over them as she skips past and picks up a pair of delicate throwing knives. She whips them at the target with fluid motions, and they all hit the centre rings but her eyes are distant, bored. This isn't what she wants to do. After the brace is spent she pulls a curl to her mouth, brushing it across her lips, then winks at Devon and saunters off to the knot-tying station. Devon watches her go, his stomach churning as her hips swing with every artful step. The Centre trained Devon in image and the importance of camera-pleasing since he was eleven years old but it's nothing like this. He can't imagine being Britta and having to calculate every single movement, not just for showmanship and deadliness but also sex appeal and femininity and — it doesn't even make sense. She has to be dangerous and deadly but not threatening , pretending she doesn't know how to use a spear or an axe — asking Devon to fetch the heavier weights — without losing her overall aura of competence. It's a fine line to walk that Devon could never, ever manage; his image might involve sharper smiles and harsher laughs than he normally would, but he doesn't have to downplay his skills. If anything he has to amp his up, prove that he's worthy of his spot and his eventual place as Pack leader despite not being as stoic or flashy or crazy as his predecessors. Devon's routine in training is the opposite of Britta's; rather than ignoring weapons that aren't pretty enough or in line with a carefully crafted image, Brutus has told him to hit absolutely everything he can to prove his versatility. That way when he chooses a non-standard weapon in the Arena, they won't think it's because he can't handle a sword. One morning the girl from Eleven snorts as Britta giggles and flirts with the hand-to-hand coach, and it takes all of Devon's control not to snap at her and tell her to show some respect. Eleven is a farmhand, tall and strong and experienced with a scythe, but she hasn't trained every day since hitting Reaping age, hasn't killed with her bare hands or learned to smile and simper and look beautiful after two weeks without showering and a layer of mud covering every inch of skin. She's allowed to be who she wants, unapologetic and snarling and unpleasant, and it will be Britta laughing in the Arena when Eleven is starving and dehydrated with sepsis running through her veins and she realizes none of her sneering will buy her salve or water or a crust of bread. He can't say that, though, because the Gamemakers are watching and that's not how Devon needs to play the game. He's not Britta's defender and it would only doom her if he did, and so instead he twirls a sword in his hand, shoots Eleven a nasty-sweet smile and asks if she'd like to go a few rounds, since she's clearly better than everyone else here. Eleven flushes and stalks away, and Devon rolls his eyes in an exaggerated gesture for the Gamemakers' benefit and challenges Sheen instead. At lunch Britta plops herself into Devon's lap and drapes one arm over his shoulders, nuzzling herself into the curve of his neck as she reaches down and snags a bite right from his fork. Devon snorts and gives her a light, playful slap on the thigh, demanding to know how she's going to pay him back for it. Britta bats her eyelashes at him and shoots him a sly smile but doesn't answer, and everyone at the table groans and threatens to throw food at them. Britta wriggles in his lap, and before leaving for the afternoon session she leans in close. "You really are gay," she says, low in his ear. "I'm impressed. If you're looking for a little fun, you should try Four. I know for a fact he'd be down for it." She nips at his earlobe before sliding off his lap and flicking her fingers in a wave; Devon schools his expression from the instinctive horror into one he hopes is convincing enough frustration at her apparent teasing. (It's not convincing enough. That night Brutus corners him, demands to know what happened, and when Devon spills out the whole thing he grits his teeth and orders Devon to do laps around the halls until dinner.) "The girl is dangerous," Brutus warns when she scores a 10 in her private session, tied for first with Devon's district partner. "She's flashy and she's selling herself as much as she is her skills, but don't let that catch you. Girls from One don't make it here just because they're pretty. She'll want to trick you into underestimating her, but don't." Devon knows, he's seen the frustration when she goes through the motions in training, but he also knows better than to interrupt his mentor. Instead he nods, and Brutus looks at him for a moment, eyes narrowed, before he sighs. "Look," Brutus says. "This year they want flashy, and that ain't your style, but if you want to win it's gonna have to be. Find some way to spice it up." "Yes sir," Devon says. His dinner sits in his stomach like a rock, but he can do this. "It's not enough just to win." Brutus pins him with his stare, and Devon swallows. "You gotta make them glad it's you and not anyone else. Understand?" Devon says "Yes sir" again, swallowing his own doubt. There's no room for uncertainty in the Arena; his mentor has given him an order, and it's Devon's job to find a way to see it through. Two days later, Devon and the others poke through the supplies in the Cornucopia as the bodies of the initial fallen cool on the ground around them. Blood soaks into the soil, flies buzzing over the corpses, and Devon swallows again and again to fight the rising gorge. It's not like the kill tests, not at all, the twelve-year-olds with their wide eyes staring at him, mouths falling open as Devon descended with his blade, but that doesn't matter. None of it matters, only the game and Victory. Devon took out three, both the little ones to save them a messier, more painful death later, and the middleweight from Seven to make that less obvious. Britta has two herself, both long and painful, hamstring slashes to take them down while she returned to finish the job later. Her eyes gleam as she tilts her knife, watching the blood drip down the blade onto the ground, and there's nothing playful or coquettish about her until she catches Devon's eye on her. Like flicking a switch, her flirtatious smile appears and the devil's light in her eyes fades, but Devon won't forget her expression any time soon. The audience wants spectacle, and Devon needs to convince them he's as entertaining as a half-mad girl who can make the blood splashed across her throat as alluring as ribbons and lace. Meanwhile they all have to keep interest up in the long stretches between kills, as they'll have to space them out to no more than one per day for the next week. Devon takes in the rest of the Pack, all attractive, vicious trained killers in their prime, but they're also teenagers. Maybe — "Hey," Devon calls over to Britta, who tosses her hair over her shoulders and sends him a dazzling smile. "Blood looks good on you." "Yeah?" Britta grins and sheathes her knives at her waist. "Doesn't look too bad on you, either. Taking out those kids first off so no one else could have any fun? I wasn't sure you had it in you." Devon keeps the surprise off his face; even if they're not friends, even if they've had no actual real conversations in their entire time together, a girl like Britta should be able to recognize another sadist. She'd know that Devon's intention was to spare the kids as much pain as possible, so why act like she doesn't know? Be careful, Brutus warned. She'll want you to underestimate her. Britta's gaze flicks to one of the invisible floating cameras above their heads, and her eyelid twitches in the hint of a wink. All at once it hits Devon that this is an exchange; he's kept her close during training, reminded the Gamemakers and the audiences that she's deadly even when the other tributes scoffed, and gave her the opportunity for a sponsor-beloved romance without the worry that he'll actually want to make good on the offers. It's a trade, reputation for reputation; Britta stays sexy and deadly and protected, and Devon gets to be the guy dark enough to go after kids for fun. "I'm full of surprises," Devon says. He slides his arm around her waist, and she grins and nestles up against his side. The rest of the Pack joins them in straggling lines, and they gather their supplies and head out so the corpse wagons can do their jobs. Devon kisses Britta that night after the anthem, when the others stretch out around the campfire and they're on watch. Britta makes soft, greedy noises against his mouth and rolls her hips against his as she straddles his lap, but the funny thing about not being into girls is that Devon recognizes the same flawless performance from Britta. She leans her head back, hair falling around her shoulders, and Devon grips her waist and trails bites down her neck. They're separated and sharpening their weapons when the next pair wakes up to take the following shift, and Britta sends Devon a fake-private grin just between them and millions of viewers. The next day he takes the Four boy out to search for firewood, only to push him up against a tree and kiss him breathless. This one is harder to keep professional, since Noah is good-looking and more than willing, but Devon has trained too much to disappear entirely. It means he hears the footsteps in the underbrush long before the girl from Eleven bursts from the trees with a wicked blade in her hand; Devon, having never let go of his weapon because he's not an idiot, spins and drives the point of his glaive into her chest. She falls with an almost comical look of shock frozen on her face, and as the cannon fires Devon turns back to Noah with a grin and a wink. "Where were we?" he says, and leans in for another kiss. When they make it back to camp, Britta throws a pinecone at Devon's head. "You asshole! I thought you two were slipping away to make out or something, and here you were hunting!" Noah flushes, and anyone with half a brain will know what happened and that means Britta definitely will, but Devon only holds out his hands. "What can I say, we got lucky," he says, grinning as Britta's district partner rolls his eyes in the background. Sheen, the boy from One, bites more than he kisses and leaves scratches along Devon's arms that he has to hide with salve from a jar in the Cornucopia. Morgana, from Four, keeps her knife pointed at his throat the whole time — Devon wraps an arm around her waist and angles his own blade at her ribs — yet nearly wakes the others with the sounds of her enthusiasm before Devon kisses her hard to keep her quiet. All of them think they're the only ones, except for Britta. "Heartbreaker, hm," she hums one night, combing her fingers through his hair as she settles into his lap. The glow from the fire flickers on her hair, bringing out the