Alec's shirt itches against his neck. It's hot and scratchy and the sun makes the fabric too warm against his skin. He tries to pull at the collar but Mom pushes his hand down and gives him a hard look. It doesn't stop the itching, or the hot hot sun, but Alec knows not to complain. The mountains endure and so should Alec. The crowd is big, lots of people in nice clothes. Lots of Peacekeepers, like Dad and Uncle Paul, bright white suits that shine bright in the sun. The ground shimmers, the concrete moving like water. But it's not water because people are standing on it and they're not falling down. Everyone looks at the big stage with the people on it, or the big screens next to the stage, but they don't move. Alec frowns and stares at the ripples in the air. He's supposed to be quiet — Creed is quiet, standing next to Dad, and he's wearing itchy clothes but he's not fussing because he's older and he's Creed and Alec is only Alec — but Alec can't help it. He turns his face close to Mom's ear so he can be quiet and asks, "Why is the ground swimming?" "Alec!" Mom holds up one finger, one finger for one strike, and it's not even lunchtime yet. "Don't make me tell you again. This is Reaping Day. You know what Reaping Day means." "Silence," Alec says carefully. It's a hard word, all those s-sounds, and harder because his tongue keeps trying to slip between his teeth but Dad says that's not proper speech. "And why is that?" Mom prompts him, even though that means more talking and not silence at all. "Silence means respect," Alec says, and this time Mom nods. She lifts him higher in her arms, and Alec holds onto her neck and presses his mouth shut hard enough that his lips hurt. Beside them Creed stands still and silent and respectful just like good boys do, and Dad reaches down and lays a hand on the top of his head. Creed straightens his shoulders and lifts his chin, just a little, and Dad smiles. He doesn't smile at Alec very much, but that's because Alec isn't good like Creed. He asks too many questions. The square gets quieter in a noisy way as more people show up. It's more people than Alec has ever seen together, all standing with their shoulders touching, and none of them are talking but that's why it feels so noisy. All those people, there should be words and laughing but there isn't, and all the words that nobody says fill up the air until Alec wants to hide in Mom's shoulder. He doesn't, though, because Creed isn't hiding and Alec wants to be like Creed. Alec spots Uncle Paul and Aunt Julia across the way, with Selene standing in between them. Aunt Julia holds her hand even though Selene keeps squirming and wriggling her arm, and she has a big scowly face on like when she broke the cookie jar. But then Uncle Paul looks down, and he gives Selene a look that's a frown in the eyebrows but a tiny twitching smile at the mouth. She stops still and turns on the big eyes and sweet smile that she saves for grownups, and Uncle Paul gives her another look that's stern until he winks one eye, just a little. Selene stops wiggling and looks back at the stage, actually behaving now. Alec is glad Selene is over there. If she were here she'd probably say something really funny really quiet and make Alec laugh and then Dad would make his disappointed face. After a while a man walks up onto the stage who makes Alec's eyes go big like dinner plates. He looks like a bird, not a real bird but one of the pretend ones in Alec's colouring books when he uses all the crayons. He's got hair that's green and orange and blue and clothes made out of feathers, and Alec looks at Dad to see what he thinks. Dad doesn't like people who are ostentatious . Sure enough Dad's mouth has gone flat and one side of his nose is higher than the other, but he doesn't say anything. It's not good but Alec stops listening when the man talks. The words are big and fluffy like his hair, and his voice goes all high in places and it hurts Alec's ears. When they get home later Creed will have to repeat the speeches and answer Dad's questions about what happened, but Alec isn't old enough for that yet. It's okay if he doesn't listen. He just has to stay awake and be silent. "And then he said 'This is how we remember our past'," Creed says, bouncing in his seat. He hasn't touched his lunch but for once Dad isn't telling him to eat up because there are starving children in Twelve. "'This is how we safeguard our future'." "Good," Dad says, and he lets Creed take another slice of apple from the plate on the table. "That's very important for you to remember." It's not Alec's turn to talk but this is boring, and he already finished his lunch and his milk and he wants to get down but he can't until everyone is done. "I liked the shiny part," he bursts out. Dad looks at him, one eyebrow up because Alec interrupted, but then he just says, "What do you mean, the shiny part?" "At the end," Alec says, encouraged. "There were boys and there were girls and they stood on the big high thing. And the sun came out and everything was all shiny and gold and everybody looked happy. I liked that part." Dad actually smiles, and he picks up a big chunk of apple and holds it out to Alec, but not quite far enough for him to reach. "Why do you think they were shiny, Alec?" Oh. That's a hard question. Alec frowns, chews on his lip until Mom clucks her tongue and taps her mouth to remind him to stop. "They're shiny because they're special," Alec says, but that's obvious. "Because — because —" The Fifty-Eighth Animal Hunger Games, the man said, and Alec can't count to fifty-eight and he didn't see any animals or anyone who was hungry, but he knows what games are. He knows what you have to do when you play a game. "Because they won!" Alec bursts out, and Dad hands over the piece of apple. "They're shiny because they're the winners." "Because they're the Victors," Creed corrects him in his 'it's okay because I'm older' voice, and Alec would glare but the apple is crisp and tart and tasty. He shoves more bites in his mouth so he can't stick out his tongue. "People who win the Games aren't just winners, are they Dad, they're Victors ." "That's right," Dad says. "You boys behaved very well today. I'm proud of you." Creed grins and takes a big bite of his potatoes, finally, even though they're probably cold now. Meanwhile it's a good thing Alec is all done eating because Dad being proud makes him swell up inside like a balloon, if balloons were filled with light and bubbles and not just air. Victors , Alec reminds himself, putting the word in his head and rolling it around like clay in his hands. He has to remember the word because it's big and heavy and important like Dad's rifle. He has to remember because Dad says one day Creed will stand up on that stage where the tall pretty boy and the tall pretty girl stood today. One day Creed will play the Hunger Games and come home a Victor, shiny and gold like the others. Alec hopes that when Creed is the Victor he remembers that Alec likes apples, and will bring him home a whole basket full. The leaves rustle in the summer breeze. Alec grips the branch with his knees and lets go with his hands, falling backward and upside down as the blood rushes to his head. This way the world is different, strange, blue ground that stretches up into a bright green hat, and the buildings point down from the sky like cave crystals. He swings, extending his arms as far as they will go and spreading out his fingers, straining until his muscles ache, but he can't reach the ground. He'll probably never get tall enough to reach that far, and probably Creed won't either. It's kind of nice to think about something that even Alec's older brother won't be able to do no matter how good at everything he is. "What are you doing?" The voice startles him, but Alec has practice with not jumping when people come up without warning so he doesn't lose his grip and fall. He opens his eyes to see Selene, feet planted firmly in the green sky, staring at him with one eyebrow higher than the other. "Nothing," Alec says. Selene lives in the big house next door, and her parents and Alec's parents might be friends and they might be almost the same age, but Selene does whatever she wants and she doesn't have a big brother to do it all better first. She wouldn't get it if he tried to explain about wanting to stretch until he reaches the ground so he can pretend he's touched the sky. "You're weird," Selene says, but she thinks everybody is weird so that's fine. "Where's Creed?" "He's down at the creek," Alec says. They play all sorts of games there usually, but Creed's seventh birthday is coming and all he wants to do is play tributes all the time. Alec is tired of it but he can never come up with a better game when Creed asks. Selene crosses her arms, frowning at him. "Come down. It's weird trying to talk to your upside-down face." Alec considers arguing for a minute, but Selene is bigger and she hits hard and if Alec hits her back then Dad will get him in trouble. He's not allowed to hit girls until he joins the Program, and that's two summers away. In the end it's not worth it to argue with Selene, so he rocks with his knees and pulls himself up until his hands close around the branch, then jumps down. "I'm bored," Selene says, giving the sort of look that means Alec should know what to do about it. If he doesn't she'll come up with something, and it's always fun and usually scary and half the time they end up in trouble. Or at least Alec does; all Selene has to do is give Uncle Paul big eyes and he laughs and sends her on her way. It must be nice. Alec doesn't feel like getting into trouble today. His skin itches like he has bugs inside, and that means he might like it a little more than he should and might not be able to say sorry properly. "Let's find Creed," he says instead. "He'll think of something good to play." Selene nods and falls into step. Dad and Uncle Paul aren't really brothers but they look like they could be, both tall and dark-haired with bright blue eyes, except Uncle Paul is bigger and a little bit softer around the eyes where Dad is lean and looks like a hawk. Creed and Selene look like they could be siblings too, both of them tall and strong with colouring like their fathers. Alec is somewhere in the middle, dark hair like his father but with his mother's eyes, and he bets he'll never be as tall as Creed. (Mom always says it's not fair to compare because he has to wait until he's Creed's age, but that's impossible because when Alec is a year older so will Creed be. He'll always be behind forever, always be younger