NOTE THE WARNING: This piece deals with the sexual abuse of a minor over a period of many years. All abuse is implied/offscreen and nothing is graphically depicted, but it is the major theme throughout. Step carefully. This piece acts as a companion to Mirror, Mirror. The first time it happens, you're six years old. He asks you, and you say no, because you don't understand what it means but it makes you uneasy in your stomach. And you and Mom might fight a lot but Mom always says you shouldn't do things that you don't want to do unless there's a good reason, and that works pretty good for you. It means you eat your vegetables even though vegetables are gross, because vegetables also make you healthy and strong and you want to be healthy and strong. It means you take baths because all kinds of bugs live in dirt, and you don't want to get sick from the bugs and die. But it also means Mom doesn't make you go to bed when you're not tired if you have something important to finish like the exciting part of a book, and if you've almost won the pretend Hunger Games you've been playing you don't have to come in for dinner until you're done because cold food isn't a big deal. You say no, and your heart beats hard in your chest because what if he doesn't understand Mom's rules, what if he tries to make you, but he just smiles. He smiles and he bends down on one knee and puts his hand on your shoulder. "Sloane," he says. "You know I love your mom, right?" You don't know that, how are you supposed to know that? You don't even have a boyfriend at school. Carver Hannigan tried to kiss you on the playground and you pushed him into the mud. Grownup stuff is way more complicated. But you don't say any of that, you just nod, and maybe he'll explain it better. "I want us to be a family," he says. "I want us to love and trust each other, and that means you and me, too. That means you should trust me. Don't you want to be a family, Sloane? Don't you want your mom to be happy?" You do, of course you do, and so even though your stomach makes funny squiggles and your legs really want to run away, you say yes. Afterward the feeling in your stomach is even worse. There are snakes in your stomach and you want to throw them all up until there's nothing left. You want to go outside and run run run around the house until your muscles ache and your lungs burn and the rest of the world feels very far away. You want to cry and curl up under the bed in a very small ball, or take a hot bath until your skin turns pink and shiny and your fingers wrinkle up. It doesn't make sense, that feeling. You did what he told you to, and it's to make Mom happy, so that's a good thing. You try to swallow the feeling and hope that it goes away soon. "You're a good girl," he says. "I can tell you love your mom a lot. That's why we don't have to tell her about this, right?" That makes you frown. "Why?" "Because this is about you and me," he explains. "I don't tell you about what your mom and me do, because that's private. You and me, that's private too. We don't need to tell anyone else because it's not their business." You promise not to tell because he's right, that's private, and also because the awful sick feeling is still there and you don't think you have the words to try to say why. But this is for Mom, and Mom's rule is that you get to say no unless it's important, and this is important, just like broccoli and baths and going to school even on rainy days when you don't want to walk. You don't talk much at dinner, but Mom doesn't notice because he takes her hand and holds it all the way through the meal. She's smiling, not a huge grin with teeth but it goes all the way to her eyes, and her eyes are soft and she keeps looking down to laugh and yeah, okay. It's for Mom. You can do a lot of things you don't like when it matters. And so the next time, and the next time, and the next time, you say yes, even when you don't want to, because that's the rules. It's also a secret, and it's very important not to break secrets. Families need to trust each other, and he can't trust you if you tell other people your most important secret, and so you don't tell Mom or the teachers or your friends at school. Except nobody ever told you how hard it is to keep secrets. Time goes by and you turn seven but you still have the secret, and you thought maybe it would stop by now but it doesn't. You start to hate bedtime because it always happens at night, late when the lights are off and Mom goes to sleep because she works early in the mornings. At first you try staying up, playing in your room with the light on, but he just says it's very late for good little girls to be awake and maybe he should help you get ready for bed. Carrying the secret is heavy, heavier than the biggest rock in the playground you tried to carry on a dare. The worst part is that your friends don't have secrets like this. You try asking once, at a sleepover, when the lights are off and everyone cuddles under the blankets and whispers. Carla says she broke her mom's favourite perfume bottle, the really expensive one her dad traded for, and then locked the dog in her mom's room so she'd think he did it. Miranda says when she was little she dropped her baby brother and he landed on his head and now he's not good at spelling words and she thinks it's her fault. None of them have a secret like yours. You went last on purpose, and when it's your turn you don't tell them. You make up a lie about saying you eat your broccoli when you really sneak it into your sock and then hide it in the backyard, so probably one day there will be a huge broccoli forest. The others tell you that's a dumb secret. You tell them they should shut up. It takes a long time for everyone to fall asleep after that even though it's quiet, because it's the kind of quiet that's sharp and hurts when you bump up against it. And it's funny, but you start to hate your friends because they don't have this secret. You can't talk to them, can't hear them complain about their mom's strict rules or their dad saying they can't have cake every day just because it's a Victory year , and a strange fire starts glowing inside you. You can't tell them and they don't understand and soon you can't even talk to them anymore without feeling the anger bubbling. Your friends stop being your friend. They tell you that you're not their friend anymore. That you're mean and rude and they don't like you and don't want to play with you anymore. That's fine, you don't care. At recess a boy laughs at you for standing in the corner of the playground all by yourself, and you punch him in the face. He's not laughing anymore when the teachers pull you away, not laughing with blood smeared all over his face and his arms held tight around his head. You laugh, though, and funny enough that's what gets you in the most trouble. When you were six you said yes, even though you didn't want to, because that's the rules and it's important. One day you say no, you don't want to, you don't want to do it ever again, just to see what happens. It happens anyway, that's what, and so next time you say yes because that way it's over faster. But then another day you say no, because Meredith pretended to save you a seat at lunch but when you went to sit Carmen pulled out the chair and you fell on your butt and everyone laughed. You're too mad to say yes and so you say no, and you say no again and again, louder and louder, even though Mom would say that's a tantrum and girls who are old enough to get noticed by the Program are too old for tantrums, Sloane . It happens anyway. And it never feels very good, not even the first time, not even the days when he's in a good mood and smiling and his hands are soft, but this is the first time it hurts. Really hurts, and after you cry as quiet as you can, hands over your face because you're not a baby and you hate for him to see it. "This is what happens, Sloane," he says, his face all serious. He was angry and ugly before but now it's like the time you skinned your knee. He strokes your hair and you want to bite his fingers but you don't. You don't know what he'll do, and you can't decide if that's scarier than knowing but you don't want to find out. "Isn't it easier when you're nice to me?" You don't say no after that, because it doesn't matter. You don't say yes, but that doesn't matter either. When you're eight your class has Parents Day, where everyone brings their moms or dads and they all talk about the work they do. You don't pay attention to most of it, you don't pay attention to school very much at all anymore, but then Cassidy's dad gets up to talk and he's a Peacekeeper. He has a bright white uniform and his hair is shiny and his teeth are white like his uniform. He looks like the people from the Program, the ones who talked to you at school and invited you to play after school at the big building where you get to be as rough as you want and eat all kinds of tasty snacks. That's more interesting than Jonas' dad who works at the general store, and so you sit up a little and listen. Peacekeepers are here to protect people, says Cassidy's dad. They're here to make sure nobody gets hurt and everyone is safe and everyone obeys the rules. "If you ever see anything," Cassidy's dad says, with a very serious face, "you can call the Peacekeepers. If you see somebody doing something wrong, or something you think is wrong, call us and we'll take care of it. We're here for you." You think about that all the way through the rest of the day, the walk home, all the way through dinner. That night when he comes into your room you tell him no, and when he sighs and shakes his head you remember what Cassidy's dad said, what the trainers at the Centre said about being strong and brave. You plant your feet and you raise your head and you make your eyes hard and narrow and you tell him that if he touches you you'll call the Peacekeepers. He's supposed to back off. He's supposed to get scared, because Peacekeepers answer to no one but the Capitol, said Cassidy's dad, and nobody wants the Peacekeepers to come after them. He's not supposed to laugh, not supposed to reach down and grab your arm and twist, so that the fire shoots through to your shoulder but there's no mark left behind. "Go ahead," he says, in a voice that's calm