First they try to talk her out of it. "She's a candidate because she aced all the important tests, but she's not really a contender," Patterson argues, Sloane's file spread out on the table in front of them, pages scattered like they've got the girl's body on the table and are pulling out her guts to examine how she ticks. "She has the physical skills, yes, but her psychological profile doesn't add up. There's a determination there that we're not sure we like." Lyme knows what he means but pretends she doesn't. "The Centre selects for determination. That's not a reason to keep her out." He flattens his eyes at her, and he won't go up against a Victor and tell her she's being wilful but he will think it, and let it show on his face. "You know what I mean. This is a girl who's walking in and doesn't actually care about walking out. It's clear in all her interviews. It's clear in the way she ignores the acting classes. She doesn't care about attracting sponsors because that's not why she's here." His jaw goes tight. "I don't care what the other districts say. We don't send kids into these Games to die just because they want to. We're here to make winners, not to pump years of funding and attention into some girl's suicide run." Sloane's photos lie fanned out in front of Lyme, eyes digging deep into her chest. The girl's smiling in exactly none of them, but she's not crushed, not defeated. She only thinks she is. "I want her," Lyme says again, dogged. "I'll convince her. Nobody's been able to give her a reason but I will." Patterson sighs like he wants to bury his face in his hands but is too professional to do it. "You're asking us to put a lot on faith." "That's what you do every year," Lyme points out. "Every year we send kids who are bursting to win, and best-case scenario only one comes back. It doesn't change the odds." "We aren't playing the numbers game. Odds of winning the lottery barely increase from nothing when you buy a ticket, but you still buy the damn ticket in the first place." "How do you know she doesn't want to win?" Lyme demands, pounding the table with her fist. "How do you know? Did anyone ask her? She gives the same answers as anyone else. She can parrot as well as the top candidates in acting class, what does it matter if she really believes it? She's got the chops to make it this far and I think she deserves the chance to find a reason to keep going." Patterson exhales through his nose. "The Games are not an excuse for you to work things out for yourself vicariously. If there's something else going on, you have to tell the Committee. If this is about the incident -" "It's not a fucking incident ," Lyme snarls, and Patterson leans back because he might have made it through to sixteen, seventeen, maybe even eighteen, whatever it takes to be qualified to sit on the selection board, but he didn't walk through that fire and she did. He might have bureaucracy on his side but that won't save him if Lyme snaps and decides to go for his throat. "You call it something like that again and I'll -" She stops, swallows hard and digs a knuckle between her eyes. "The Village can protect her. We let her go now, he might come looking for her again." "She's a Senior now, not an eleven-year-old child. She can defend herself." "It's not about defending herself, it's about knowing -" Lyme cuts herself off again. "It doesn't matter. I think we're selling her short. There's a Victor in there, I can see it. I can convince her." Patterson's expression returns to neutral. "You're giving yourself a massive handicap right out of the gate. You'll be playing psychological catch-up while the male tribute will be ready and raring to go right from the start. You'll never break even this way." "Devon and I are two-zero in my favour," Lyme says. "Don't tell me what I can't do. I can make a winner out of her. She just needs someone to tell her there's a reason." "Winning the Hunger Games is supposed to be the reason. Bringing pride to her district and serving the country is all any tribute is allowed to ask for. Anything else -" "Anything else is being realistic!" Lyme glares. "Don't give me bullshit. I've been doing this longer than you. When did you start this job? I was killing people when you were still learning how to count. Just because she's not one of the ones who believes the lines we feed them doesn't mean she can't do it." "I think you're making this personal," Patterson says calmly. "You're damn right I'm making it personal, but it's my decision to make, and I choose Sloane." Lyme splays her fingers against the topmost photo, the beautiful girl with the hard eyes and mouth that say the Arena doesn't scare her because she's lived through hell and nothing else could ever be worse than this. "If you want to take this to the review board, go ahead, but no one would question if Nero wanted her, so I don't think you want to start this fight." Patterson looks at her, but Lyme stares him down, and finally he sighs. "I'll give you to the end of the week to decide. You can have the others' files as well just in case.' Lyme takes them, but she leaves them on her drawer and doesn't even open them. She's not surprised when Nero stops by her house that evening. "You want to tell me what you're doing?" he asks, dropping onto her sofa and giving her a hard, level look. "You know better than this." "Than what? Make an emotional choice?" Lyme doesn't even glance up. She's reading Sloane's file for the hundredth time, unable to tear her gaze away from the information on the incident , as Patterson so helpfully put it. What a nice way to talk about the police report and the hospital stay and the visit from social services that went absolutely fucking nowhere and left her there until she was thirteen and the Centre finally took her away. "I get attached, I know. And then it rips my heart out and Enobaria accuses me of doing it on purpose so I can steal you away for a month while you stop me from getting on a train and burning things down. I know . But I can't stop." Nero sighs. "I don't want to see you tear yourself up like this on a girl who's probably going to die anyway. Most mentor don't burn out until they're fifty, but you're gunning for a meltdown ten years early. You need to keep some distance." Lyme grits her teeth. "You do not get to lecture me on choosing tributes for personal reasons." "No, I don't," Nero agrees, and he reaches over and lets a hand fall on the back of her neck, heavy and comforting, but Lyme doesn't lean into it, not today. "But you've gotta understand -" "Did you see her file?" "There was some talk at the last meeting, I heard a couple things -" "Stepfather," Lyme spits out, and Nero goes dead still. "Yeah. Sound familiar? Only she didn't have a brother to push him down the stairs and snap his neck. She had to live with him for two more years, so don't even start with me. She deserves to fight. She deserves to win. She deserves - everything. Because if we don't choose her, she'll know exactly why we didn't. She'll know we rejected her because of what some shit-fucking asshole did to her when she was too young to stop him." Nero's fingers are tight on her neck, and Lyme enjoys knowing that she's hurt him. Part of her will always be eighteen, angry and lashing and violent, aching to hurt other people because there's only so much pain to go around, and if she causes it then that's a little less left over to injure her. "And then what? Say you do. Say it works, and she wins, and she comes back here. A girl like that, she does deserve everything, you're damn well right. So is this really what you want to give her? It'll never be over. Every year she'll come back to this. Every year she'll have to look at younger versions of herself and send them off to die. That's what you'll be giving her. Is that what you want?" Lyme closes her eyes and presses the back of her hand against her eyelids. "Yes," she says. "Because that's what you gave me, and I don't regret a minute of it. I earned this. It's mine. She deserves that chance. She deserves to be more than that girl who had the incident ." It's a shit life, being a mentor, whatever district you're from. Some days when it's bad, when she spends months in the Capitol finagling with sponsors in the off season, when she studies trends and polls and surveys until her eyes bleed, when she pops stimulants and stays awake for eight days straight only for her kid to go down in the mud and blood and dirt anyway, sometimes Lyme wonders if it's worth it. If there's anything that could make up for this. If she wouldn't have been better off if the selection committee had branded her too unstable and passed her off to be a washout trainer or Peacekeeper or doctor instead. You'll never be anything , sneers a voice in Lyme's head at night sometimes, and she no longer remembers if it's him or her brain's manifestation, but either way it doesn't matter. You'd better listen to me and do as I tell you, because there's nothing out there for mouthy little girls who don't know their place. But there's a ten-foot wall with barbed wire and armed guards separating her from that voice now, and Lyme became a murderer to get away from it, slaughtered ten kids under nineteen with weapons and traps and even her own bare hands to earn the right to shut it up, and it might not be nice but this is the world they live in. Running away from that reality won't change anything. The Hunger Games are sick; pitting children against each other is disgusting, and cheering and placing bets and eating popcorn while it's going on is the worst of all. But along with the entertainment and the threats and the ostensible maintenance of public order, the Games give a handful of kids the chance to slay their own demons and come out better, stronger, with a family at their back that will never, ever turn away. If nothing else, there's that. "She'll kill him if we don't take her," Lyme says, and Nero's hand twitches against her neck. "I'd bet my stipend on it. They taught her to turn her pain into violence. They taught her how to kill. And then they'll let her go and all the counselling in the world won't matter because he'll still be out there. She'll find him, and she'll kill him, because she'll never be able to sleep again if she doesn't. Maybe she'll kill others. And now, because she doesn't have the Centre's protection anymore, when they catch her there won't be any excuses. Maybe in ten years she'll be someone else's red bead." Nero lets out a breath. "Now you're just building sandcastles. You can't choose someone based on hypothetical horror stories you invented." "No?" Lyme turns to him, and she hated him at first, her mentor, didn't understand why he didn't listen to her when she wanted a female mentor, why he insisted on staying when