The Centre stipend comes every month, direct to the house because most of the quarry towns aren't set up with personal accounts. It's a mix of food tickets for basic staples, free tesserae rations, and vouchers that can be used as currency at any business or redeemed for cash at the nearest bank. Heidi hands the envelope to Brutus, seven years old and solemn, and lets him heft its weight in his hands. "This is because of you," she tells him, and his eyes go wide. "This is your contribution, little man." "This is mine?" Brutus asks, looking up at her. "I really did it? I really helped?" "You did," Heidi says, and he's her baby but he's also her little man, and she doesn't bend and kiss his hair like she did before he joined the Program. He's too old for that now, at least when he's in such a serious mood. "We know you have to work hard at the Centre, so I wanted to show you what you get for it." For the next week, everything they buy, Brutus asks if they bought it with the stipend. "Did you buy this with my contribution?" he asks when Heidi takes the milk out of the refrigerator and pours him a glass at dinner. "Was this mine?" he asks again when she kneads the dark wheat dough in her hands, breaks off a piece and hands it to him to form a roll. "Yes, it is," Heidi tells him, whether it is or not, as long as she thinks she can get away with it. "You shouldn't do that," Marc says to her one night, after Brutus is safely in bed. "You get it in his head that it's all about the money and he'll stay forever just because he won't want to give up the stipend." "If we make it about us then it's not about serving the Capitol with his corpse," Heidi says, and Marc's jaw goes tight in the darkness but he doesn't argue with her. "The longer he frames it as a way to help his family, the longer we can keep them out of his head. I did this myself as a girl and I came out just fine. Trust me." Marc makes a disbelieving sort of noise that Heidi don't much like, and she rolls over, pinning him back against the bed with her hands hard against his shoulders. "You gonna trust me or what?" she demands. "I'm your wife. I'm the mother of your boy, and I'm the only one who's been in the Program. So it's your move." He stares at her for a long time, then something in his expression breaks, and he twists his hand into her hair and pulls her down. Heidi expects him to kiss her but he doesn't, just wraps his arms around her and buries his face in her neck. "Of course I trust you," Marc says, his fingers pressing into her shoulders. "It's them I don't." "It'll be fine," Heidi tells him with conviction. She knows their boy. He's a good boy, solid and true. "And it makes him so happy to help. We're raising him right." Marc lets out a breath. "We are, aren't we." "Damned right we are," Heidi says fiercely. And for a few years, everything is good. The Centre gives Brutus an outlet for his rages, and he keeps getting bigger and keeps growing stronger, and each strand the Centre puts around his wrist means the kids at school are a little more hesitant about teasing him for having young parents and no money. The stipend helps them fix the leak in their roof and put in double windows so the house doesn't keep so chilly in winter. The only problem is that each of the strands around Brutus' wrist are black, and Heidi knows what that means. She never made it to the top third back in her day; she was in it for the money and her family, not to stay, and wasn't hard to keep in the middle of the class because there were so many kids who wanted it more. She didn't have to sabotage herself, just not try quite so hard, and the five strands on her bracelet were a solid dark blue. Heidi tries to talk to Brutus about it when he's around ten, but he just frowns and tilts his head. "I don't get it," he says. "I'm not trying to win, I'm just doing what they tell me. I can't help it if I'm bigger and stronger than the other kids. I thought you and Dad always want me to do my best." "Sure, we do," Heidi says, and bites off the part where she says 'except for the killing' because that's Marc's line and she needs to stay on this side of the fence. Brutus knows what the Games are; they don't make him watch the murders no matter what anyone says, but he does sit for the Parade of the Fallen at the end of each night, one fist over his chest in solemn silence if ever there's a Two on that list. "Just remember why you're there. We're not sending you into the Games." "I know that!" Brutus says, and he rears back, his eyes big and blue and hurt. "I know why we're there, I just, the longer I stay the more I can help, that's all. I know what I'm doing. They can't make me kill anyone." "I know, and I trust you," Heidi says, and at ten he's definitely too old for kisses but she does anyway, because this time she needs to remind him that he's her baby and she loves him and she can't imagine life without him. "Now, you gonna make your mom do all the dishes by herself after a hard day at work?" "No ma'am!" Brutus says, straightening up and squaring his shoulders. "You sit right down and put your feet up, I'll take care of it." He still needs to stand on his toes to get to the bottom of the sink, and Heidi watches him with a twist of fear in her heart. They still have time. They do. When he's twelve he nearly kills someone. They send a messenger down to the quarries and pull both Marc and Heidi out, covered in dust and dripping with sweat, to tell them what their kid has done. There's a boy been sent up to the city to the big fancy doctors because theirs with the country medicine and simple equipment ain't enough to save him. There's a boy out there with a broken neck clinging to life and it's their boy what's done it. "I need you to tell me what the hell was going through your head to make you think that was a good idea," Marc says, and he doesn't yell, he never yells, just gets cold and furious and disappointed, but this time it's close. When he was little and got into fights Brutus used to hunch and apologize. He'd curl in on himself and Marc would have to tease it out of him, have to chip around the useless rock to get to the veins inside, and finally he'd whisper what they said. This time Brutus doesn't. He grits his teeth, eyes flashing, and he still has blood drying on his knuckles and he hasn't noticed. The fear sets up a drum roll in Heidi's chest. "Some idiot thought it would be funny to talk shit about Mom," Brutus snarls, like he's forgotten who he's talking to, and maybe he has. Worse still, maybe it doesn't matter to him right now. "Yeah, me, they thought it would be a good idea to talk about my Mom . I wasn't gonna let that go." "What did they say?" Heidi asks him, quiet and firm, and that breaks him out of it a little in the way that Marc's distress can't. His eyes flicker to her, then widen as he recalls that his mama is standing right there. "Brutus, tell me." "They said they know why you guys married young," Brutus says, and this time there is hesitation but it's not because he's ashamed. It's because this is the sort of thing you don't say in front of a lady, especially not your mother. "They said it's obvious why. They said my ma worked in the quarries and everyone knows what that means, only reason a girl goes down there is to get passed around like -" He stops, cheeks flaming scarlet, and his teeth snap shut. "They said does my daddy even know I'm his. They said - Do I gotta continue?" "No, you can stop," Marc says, and he's a gentle giant, her husband, but that is one thing that will get him riled quicker than a summer storm blows up from the mountains. Heidi knows without having to say anything that tonight they'll make love like a wildfire, and after he'll hold her close and spit nails and tell her she's perfect, that it doesn't matter what the liars think and say, the two of them know the truth and that's all what matters. "All right, son, that's sure a reason to get mad, and I don't think any boy could stand by and listen to that said about his mother and just walk away. But that don't give you cause to be snapping anybody's neck, and if you ever do that again -" "I wanted to make sure he never said ignorant shit like that again," Brutus says, full of venom, but he's calm again, calm as ice. "Now nobody will. The whole point is I never have to do it again, and at least now I know how. Before I would've had to keep trying." That night Brutus sticks close to his mama and helps her with the dishes just like he has every night since he was a little boy, and before he goes to bed he holds her tight with his face in her shoulder and she strokes his hair. "I love you," he tells her, fierce and furious and unbalanced, for the first time since this afternoon sounding unsure. "Did I do wrong, Mom? I just wanted to protect you." "Well, you said you won't ever have to do it again," Heidi says, her heart hammering in terror. "So you make sure you don't." "Yes ma'am," Brutus declares, and kisses her cheek. Heidi looks into his big blue eyes, his daddy's eyes, and she believes him. They sign the paperwork for Residential when he's thirteen because for the first time Brutus stands up to his daddy, looks at him with his jaw clenched and his shoulders in a precise line and tells him he wants to stay. It's where he belongs, it's his duty and he's proud to do it, and he'll stay good and keep true and he'll come back, he will. He just needs to stay a little longer, make a little more money, through the deadweight years of thirteen to sixteen until he's old enough that when he comes home he can start right away in the quarries. "I'll come back," Brutus says, proud and tall and strong. "I will. And once I'm out I'll never hit girls again, Dad, I promise." "We've killed him," Marc says the night they walk him to the train and watch it speed away with him inside. They lie in bed, an endless chasm of six inches between them. "You don't know that," Heidi says. Marc rolls over and faces the wall. "Yeah, I do," he says, and shakes off her hand when she tries to touch his shoulder. He'll come back to them, he will. Marc says they've taken him already, that their boy is slipping away and there won't be nothing left to bring back, but he's wrong. Heidi knows he's wrong. A few more years, that's all it