A/N: This is an imagined version of what would've happened if Hermione and Ron had gone to Slughorn's party together. I quoted a bit of the book in chapter 14, the dots are meant to represent placed where it was just talking about Harry, and I didn't feel like writing that out. If you've got any ideas for drabbles, please tell me, I've got a few, but I'd love more. I really liked one's that have to do with what would've happened if they'd decided to do something different in a situation, the story flows better if it based slightly in the book. I did use some of the description of the room straight from the book if you're wondering. Just FYI I know the mythical creatures I mentioned are like real (real in the sense that I didn't create them), but I made up their actions, so that probably isn't what Snotlings and Vampire Cats do. Okay happy reading. " Slug Club ," repeated Ron with a sneer worthy of Malfoy. "It's pathetic. Well I hope you enjoy your party. Why don't you try hooking up with Mclaggen, then Slughorn can make you King and Queen Slug-" " We're allowed to bring guests," said Hermione, who for some reason had turned a bright, boiling scarlet, "and I was going to ask you to come, but if you think that it's that stupid then I won't bother!" … " You were going to ask me?" asked Ron, in a completely different voice. " Yes," said Hermione angrily. "But obviously if you'd rather I hooked up with McLaggen …" … " No I wouldn't," Ron said in a very quiet voice. … Hermione looked flustered and immediately started fussing about for her copy of Flesh-Eating Trees of the World to find out the correct way to juice Snargaluff pods; Ron, on the other hand, looked sheepish but also rather pleased with himself. Ron paced the hall waiting for Hermione. He'd thought he'd finished getting ready a while ago. However, every few moments he kept walking back to the mirror hanging on the castle wall outside the Gryffindor common room. "Honey, your hair hasn't changed in the past four seconds," A portrait informed Ron. He glared at the boney looking witch in the portrait to the left. "The mirror is dirty, how am I supposed to know if what I'm seeing is accurate?" Ron whined. "Is he finally getting a date?" A warlock that looked rather like a whale began speaking in a thick cockney accent. "About time, I've seen every boy and girl in Gryffindor house out here with someone or another, except for you, carrot head." "Oh shut up!" Ron snarled. "Aren't you Bartholomew the bloated? Suffered from an engorging charm yeah? No one could touch you, or you might've exploded, don't think you were getting much either!" "Why I never!" The warlock, walked behind a hospital curtain in his painting. Some of the other portraits laughed at Ron's retort. Suddenly Ron heard the creak of the portrait hole. He turned and suddenly the air left his lungs. His eyes were practically bulging out of his head. Hermione had walked out into the hallway, grinning shyly at Ron. Her hair was still frizzy as normal, but the curls were slightly more controlled, though Ron didn't think she'd used Sleakeazy this time. Her dress was a rosy pink, and tight fitting, with a v-neck collar, that showed the slightest bit of cleavage. Though it was only a small bit of exposed skin, Ron felt almost wrong for seeing it, when Hermione was usually so covered up in her black robes. The dress was moderately short, and her tan legs seemed to go on for days. Ron couldn't quite believe the beauty he was seeing. "Hermione!" He breathed, staring into her chocolate brown eyes. "You look amazing!" "Thanks," She said quietly, pushing a lock of hair behind her ear. "You look really handsome Ron." "Oh, uh thanks," Ron said looking down at his slightly frayed robes, wishing he'd had something nicer to wear. He'd wanted to look perfect, but he assumed he probably just looked like an idiot. "Shall we go then?" Hermione asked gesturing to the hallway. "Oh, uh, yeah," Ron said, and shuffled to her side. Ron fumbled with the sleeve of his robe, trying to take Hermione's arm. He ended up flinging his arm out and smacking her a bit too hard in the arm. "Sorry Hermione!" Ron said immediately, the tips of his ears turning bright red. "Get a grip boy," one of the portrait ordered. "Shut up!" Ron hissed back, and Hermione bent her head to hide her smile. "It's okay Ron," she assured him. "This robe is Fred's, and it's too long," Ron moaned. "I was trying to take your arm, but I can't control the sleeves." "How about we just hold hands?" She suggested. "Alright," Ron agreed, a bright grin filtering onto his face. Hermione tangled her fingers in his and he felt warm all over. The two of them walked the first bit in silence, trying to think of ways to break the awkwardness. Then Ron began asking Hermione if she'd done the homework for Mcgonagall and she immediately began to spout off what she'd found interesting about their assignment. Soon they were talking and laughing easily. They both began to think maybe this wasn't so foreign after all, it was just like most days; only they both had a warm feeling in their tummy and a swelling in their hearts. "I really like your hair by the way," Ron said after they'd experienced a few seconds of silence. "Oh thanks," She said twirling a strand around her finger. "I was worried it was still too puffy." "No it's great," Ron said immediately. "It's still you, I like it better than what you did for the Yule Ball, you looked so different. I like how you look regularly." Hermione was smiling so bright she could've lit up the entire corridor. She kept her magical smile as they continued to talk. Ron felt joy pumping through him at the thought that he'd been the cause of that smile. Finally they reached Slughorn's office where the party was being held. They could hear the noise of enjoyment from outside. Ron took a breath, wondering if this moment would change everything. "Shall we go in then?" Hermione asked quizzically. She didn't quite know why Ron was waiting so long. "Yeah," He said gruffly. Suddenly he felt anxiety clench at his heart. Unfortunately when Ron became nervous or stressed he usually acted out or brooded, without telling anyone else what the actual problem was. The two entered the room. The room was draped with tapestries making it look like they were inside a tent. The room was very crowded, but a general feeling of merriment filled the air. Smoke surrounded some old warlocks in a corner, and golden lamps bathed the room in a red light. "I think there are real fairies in those," Hermione said passively, as she watched the lights flutter. "Yeah well, let's go get something to eat," Ron said, pulling her along. Hermione frowned at his change in attitude. The two drifted over to the food table, and Hermione picked up a oddly colored biscuit. "This is delicious," Hermione spoke through a half full mouth of what she assumed what a cherry biscuit. "Yeah?" Ron asked slowly. Hermione decided to take the initiative to cheer him up. "Taste some," She held the biscuit up to his lips, his cheeks burned, but he took a bite. "Like it?" She asked, moving slightly closer. "Yeah," Ron said, swallowing with a loud gulp. "Oh, hello Hermione, hello Ron" A dreamy voice called to them. Ron and Hermione turned to see Harry and Luna approaching them. Harry looked a bit distracted. "Hi you guys," Hermione said cheerfully. "Hi," Ron echoed. "What have you been up to?" Luna asked gently. "Oh just trying some of the food," Hermione held up her biscuit, and Ron nodded. "Oh Hermione, don't eat that," Luna shook her head worriedly. "Snotlings often like to exchange the cherry filling in biscuits and doughnuts with Vampire Cat blood." "Well we both ate some and we feel fine," Ron said dismissively. "Well you wouldn't know yet would you," Luna said a bit harshly. "The Vampire Cat only attacks on the twelfth and twenty seventh day of the month, but now that you have its blood in you it'll be able to find you more easily." Hermione had to press her head against Ron's shoulder to hide her laughter. Ron grinned at Luna. "What precautions do you suggest we take?" Ron asked, and felt Hermione smack his back. "Oh you've got to kill a bat on the full moon, after it's eaten a luminous blood beetle, and hang it upside down over your face while you sleep." "So a simple fix then," Ron said with a chuckle, and Hermione was having trouble hiding her laughter again. Luna glared at him a bit. "Harry mate, you haven't said anything," Ron called to his friend. "Yeah Harry, you look distracted," Hermione commented. "I'm just trying to avoid Slughorn, I'm sure he'll want to show me off to everyone," Harry said, adjusting his glasses. "Ah, yes, his prize jewel," Ron nodded. "Would it help if I mentioned he is right there beside that man who appears to be a vampire?" Luna asked casually. "Yes!" Harry exclaimed alarmed, and dragged her away quickly. "Bye Ron and Hermione," She called in a sing song voice. "Hey you two," Ginny smiled at them congenially. "Oh Ginny you look lovely," Hermione smiled at her friend kindly. "You do too Hermione," Ginny said looking over Hermione. She gave her brother a knowing look and grinned wolfishly. "You know," Ginny said casually. "I hear there's a really good snogging spot over there, behind that curtain, in case you're interested," Ginny said mischievously. Ron and Hermione both turned bright pink. "I don't like that my little sister knows where the good snogging spots are!" Ron snapped, and Ginny shrugged, still grinning. She then grabbed a lemon drop, and popped it in her mouth. As she moved past them she pinched Ron's arm. "Got to put in more effort buddy," She mumbled. "She looks bloody bored out of her skull." Ron glared after his little sister. He had enough anxiety about this night without her confirming his fears. "Sod off Ginny," he hissed back at her, and she just grinned. Ron rolled his eyes grumpily. "Ron," Hermione said worriedly. "Do you want to dance a bit?" She asked, desperate to make him cheer up. "No," Ron said, now too moody to try to improve things, more and more anxious thoughts were filling his brain. "Oh this is just like you," Hermione huffed. Ron was surprised, he didn't think Hermione would tell him off at the party. He'd assumed she'd wait till they were back at the portrait hole. "Hermione," Ron whined slightly. "No, Ron you said you wanted to come, and now you pull this?" She asked, hands on her hips. "Let's not fight here," Ron said, looking around, worried that everyone here would know of his failure on his first date. "Fine then!" She snapped, pulling him towards the back of the room, where there was a space behind one of the curtains. "Now tell me," She demanded. "Tell me what is wrong, because you always are so passive-aggressive, and I never know what I've done!" "I just," Ron began, looking at the ground ashamedly. "Yes?" Hermione tapped her foot. "I'm sorry Hermione," Ron said quietly. "I'm just so damn nervous. I really wanted this to be a good night, but what if it isn't what you expected." "Ron," Hermione's voice had softened considerably. "All I wanted was to spend time with you." Ron's heart swelled, and he felt himself turn red. He cleared his throat, and tried