Disclaimer: The world of Harry Potter belongs to the amazing JK Rowling, whose quality I may never hope to match. Spare me your scathing comments and rending reviews, but helpful criticism is welcome IF you offer a solution. I'm currently looking for a beta/editor to help me, this is my first real story. Thanks for reading! AU GoF *minor* bashing of Ron. No Ginny/Harry. Harry/Hermione Prologue Harry shifted uncomfortably in his top box seat overlooking the stadium. The happiness of minutes past had vanished, Lucius Malfoy quite easily dispelling anything resembling a good mood aided in no small measure by Winky, the Crouch elf. Something felt terribly wrong with the situation but he couldn't place what he felt. Ignoring the ominous feeling in his gut he looked forward to the match. Tonight was for enjoying the Quidditch World Cup, only that and nothing more. Ron chattered incessantly to his left, droning about Ireland's skyrocketing performance and rumors of their mascot. Harry didn't hear much of it, only catching a few words about an "extremely rare Irish dragon" and the name of the Bulgarian's opponents. The Irish Incinerators seemed a tad arrogant of a name and far too flashy. From the corner of his eyes, he caught a glimpse of a blond git glaring daggers at him and his friends. "Slimy gits," Ron muttered, breaking his stream of quidditch commentary. Ludo Bagman barged into the box, making for the Minister, his plump face ripe with happy tension. "Minister," he joyously shouted, "ready to go?" Harry turned his eyes to the stadium itself, ignoring the minister's response, vaguely aware of the wand Bagman had pulled from his pocket and an excited Sonorous . The crowd shivered almost visibly, the collective magic of thousands upon thousands of magicals pouring into the air and adding to the atmosphere. Harry felt his worries begin to trail behind. The game was much more important than some blond ponce and he was sure the feeling he had was false. Divination had always failed him, so why would it work now? He could deal with whatever Malfoy's problem was later or when he got to Hogwarts. Ludo's booming voice filled the stadium, the seething mass of Quidditch fans from across the globe crying out and cheering. "Ladies and gentlemen… welcome! Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second annual Quidditch World Cup!" Bagman shouted, causing an uproar surely heard around the world as the last advertisement went black to display the score of the game. The Bulgarian mascots poured onto the field at the man's prompt, instantly enthralling the audience. "Bloody-! They're gorgeous!" Harry thought, leaning forwards in his chair and smoothing back his raven-hued unruly mane. Then, something in his head clicked. "Wait a minute, those must be veela. They were in the book Hermione leant me." he shook himself from the trap of the women. It seemed unnatural and he certainly wanted no part of it. Ron, on the other hand, was almost falling out of the box trying to impress them. Harry rolled his eyes and glanced over his other companion. Hermione looked up from her book, took one look at Ron, and disdainfully snapped her book shut. Harry nudged Ron. "Hey," he spoke, grinning in amusement, "you should sit back down. I might have to sell the twins a memory of this if you don't." Ron glanced back, breaking the spell the veela had, and realized what he'd done. His cheeks flushed crimson and he hastily sat in his chair. The crowd began to quiet and Bagman boomed again, announcing the Bulgarian team. One half of the stadium, donning capes and flags of crimson scarlet, roared in approval as their team flew into the stadium. On the opposite side boos and thrown objects filled the air, the Irish supporters making their disapproval known. "-and now, put your wands in the air for the Irish Incinerators!" screeched Bagman. The black and green crowd roared, some shooting flames into the air. Harry noted many dragon-themed outfits, lending credence to Ron's speculation about the mascot of the team they would be supporting. When the crowd died down a moment later none of the team had appeared. Bagman looked confused. Clearly, this hadn't been planned. Suddenly, an out of breath official burst into the box, "They'll be right here!" he panted, "They wanted to make a flashy entrance." before collapsing into a chair and fainting. "Be patient, everyone! We've just been informed that the Irish National Team will be here shortly!" Bagman had barely finished his sentence before a gargantuan black dragon flew over the stadium, spewing brilliant viridescent flame. Black figures, illuminated by the emerald flames, leapt from the dragon, diving towards the ground. Screams and cries were heard as it appeared to be a suicidal show. Then, to the amazement and shock of the onlookers, wings unfolded from their backs and they curved inwards, making a short pass within but a few arms lengths above the crowd. The wings on their backs disintegrated, leaving flames and smoke in their wake. The team careened off to the sides in graceful, terrifying choreography and miraculously landed on brooms that came shooting from the entrance to the stadium. The crowd had gone utterly silent, you could hear the player's robes flapping in the breeze. Then, out of the diamond-starred night sky, a huge draconic black figure dove into the arena. The blur of wings and claws landed with a loud crash against the turf, one clawed hand lifted in a noble pose, before lifting its head to the sky and roaring. Flames shot from its mouth, basking everyone in a green glow before the dragon stalked to the sidelines. The crowd had gone utterly silent, and it started with a few claps before quickly becoming an infectious applause from the crowd. Not a single person was silent, everyone wanted to show how impressed they were. "What a show!" "Bloody hell!" "Bloody hell indeed, Ron." said one Arthur Weasley. "Watch your language!" shouted Hermione, sending Harry into a fit of laughter. Seeing Hermione glaring daggers at him made him double over again, crying with mirth. "Only you, Hermione." he chuckled, "Only you." She kicked him in the shin and continued to watch the game. The game kicked off with Irish possession of the quaffle, which they proceeded to hog for the entire game. The entire audience was in agreement, the game was one of legends, but Bulgaria never stood a chance. It ended with an amazing leap from the Irish seeker tossing himself over Viktor Krum, grasping the snitch and hooking his ankles around Krum's broom, swinging back around to land standing up on his broom, arm outstretched to show the snitch furiously beating in his hand. Harry was grinning widely, repeating the sentiments Ron had made early. "That was one bloody amazing game." But as Harry and his companions left the stadium he couldn't help but feel that sinking sensation in his chest. It tugged at his conscience, icy tendrils reaching to his core. There was tension in the air that he couldn't place and it certainly wasn't from conflict between fans. o0O0o The Weasley tent was filled with chatter and hot cocoa. Everyone had plenty to converse about but they began to quiet down now that the excitement was over. The twins were in the corner conversing about their gambling winnings and hiding plans for something they called, 'Weasley Wizarding Wheezes'. Ginny was helping Mrs. Weasley clean some spilled chocolate and the golden trio was talking in hushed tones about the plays made. Even Hermione was talking about Quidditch. Outside were mobs of celebrating fans, shouting and singing drunkenly with the occasional bang echoing through the night. Harry grumbled a little, wishing only for some peace and quiet, before finally falling into a troubled sleep. He dreamt of one day challenging Krum for the position of 'best seeker' and his name being announced one day in the World Cup. Then his dream warped, it was still the world cup but there were corpses. A horrible stench of burning flesh permeated the air as Harry stood in the middle of the stadium, the stands on fire with screaming viewers. Dark Mark looming above, the snake coming from the skull beginning to rear back. Harry saw a serpent the shade of death prepare to strike and then he woke, shaking and sweating. Mr. Weasley burst into the tent. "Get up! Ron - Harry - come on now, get up, this is urgent!" Harry was fully lucid now. Adrenaline was pulsing through his veins. He could feel it in the air, something was wrong . Something was extremely wrong and it was tangible by the screams of fear that had arisen. No longer did joyous shouts and songs fill the night. Leaping from the bed, Harry dressed - oblivious to his lack of a wand. His clothes had leapt to his hand on command. Ron had stumbled bleary-eyed out of the bunk and was rubbing his eyes still. "wass wron'?" he mumbled tiredly. "Wass goin' on?" "No time to explain. We need to get to the edge of the wards to apparate." Arthur said anxiously, "There's no time to change, Ron! Get a move on!" he all but shouted, pulling the boys out of the tent. By the light of the remaining campfires he saw shadows running to the treeline bordering the campsite. They were fleeing from a mass of drunken jeers and veiled insults, from where cracks like gunfire could be heard. "Mr. Weasley, Ron, let's go! They're headed this way!" Suddenly, a bolt of emerald light shot from the source of the sound into the sky. Harry paled as he saw an aurora-like skull burst into being, bathing everything in a soft green. "The Dark Mark," he whispered, "shit." His simple statement exemplified the thoughts of the others, they all saw the crowd of cloaked wizards stumbling towards them. They didn't have faces, just cruel masks of alabaster white on cloaks the black of night. The Weasley family began to move, the adults flanking them with the twins on either side of Ron and Harry. In the middle was Ginny, holding tightly to Ron's hand and tighter to Harry's. The fear in all of their eyes was vividly present, but they stuck together and made their way to the treeline. Far above the group was a collection of writhing figures, pulled like puppets; helpless against the puppeteers on the ground. More wizards were joining the procession, blasting tents out of the way as the screaming grew louder. Harry stared, fixated on the figures in the air, stumbling his way away from them. In the firelight he could see Mr. Roberts, the muggle campsite manager, and what must have been his family. Mrs. Roberts was turned upside down, her night dress falling down over her shoulders, revealing her knickers and chest. She writhed in mortification, trying to cover herself, but the crowd on the ground only laughed and cheered. "Vile, despicable people the lot of them!" muttered Molly Weasley, enraged. She gasped as she saw the smallest figure, a boy who couldn't be more than 3, begin the spin like a top. His head fell limp and didn't move. Mr. Weasley stopped moving. Charlie, Percy, and Bill stopped too. They grasped their wands and shouted over the din, "Get to the woods! Stick together, we'll come and find you after we help the ministry deal with this." The trio swiftly made their way to the woods, losing track of the Weasley family soon afterwards. Reckoning they would be fine they forged onwards, determined to get out of the danger zone. "Ouch!" Ron groaned as Hermione cast a Lumos. "What happened, Ron?" "I tripped over a tree root." Ron grumbled, jumping in surprise when he heard a drawling, arrogant voice declare, "With feet as big as those, it's hard not to." Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked sharply to the