June 1963 Katniss pins the braid under the assigned blue cap. Her white-gloved fingers smooth any fly away hairs to pesky to stay tamed. She bites her lip staring at herself in the mirror, which reminds her of the lipstick she forgot in her New York City apartment. She spins around on her heel as she spots Madge enter the weighing room through the mirror. "Madge!" The blonde looks up from the paper she's reading as Katniss hurries toward her. "Please tell me you brought your make-up." Katniss practically begs once she reaches her across the hall. Madge laughs nodding her head. She quickly opens her Pan Am bag shuffling around the contents. "Whatcha need?" Katniss points to her bare lips with a grimace. "Why do you always forget the lipstick?" "Because I hate it." Katniss smiles sweetly as Madge hands over the green tube containing the bright pink cosmetic. She chuckles holding up a small mirror as Katniss quickly applies the makeup. She pops her lips together before giving her friend the Pan American smile. "How do I look?" "Like a regular Pan Am girl." Madge smiles dropping the green tube back into her bag. "Look at this," Madge holds up the paper for Katniss to see, "Juan Trippe Announces Youngest Pilot for International Travel." Madge reads the headline as Katniss rapidly scans the Times in her friend's hand. "Who is it?" "Apparently some Navy pilot hot shot." Madge laughs folding up the newspaper stuffing it into her blue bag. "Names Peeta or something. I wasn't really reading it carefully." Katniss nods as the two begin walking into the room they had to weigh in. "Where are you headed?" Madge said softly jumping in line behind the other stewardesses. "Barcelona, how about you?" Madge raised an eyebrow before a smirk graced her pink lips. "Scottsdale." Katniss covered her mouth with her white-gloved hand to stifle her laughter. "One day, Katniss, I'll be an international traveler too." " Pero usted debe saber el idioma ." Madge shook her head turning to the front of the line. "I'm ignoring you. Enjoy Spain." Madge chuckled stepping onto the scale. Katniss laughed as her friend's numbers were written down before her turn. Katniss forced a smile at the overly made up Ms. Trinkett before the woman took down her own numbers. "Are you wearing your girdle?" The woman's voice was piercingly high and it made Katniss's force smile drop. "Uh, ye-yes." "You're stockings are falling." The woman pointed to Katniss's legs as the sheen material was twisted slightly. "Fix that, off with you." Katniss nodded hurrying toward Madge. "That woman is awful." "Tell me about it." The two girls look over as Delly walks toward them. Her blonde curly hair falling dishevel around her face as she clings to her hat. Madge takes in a breath at their friend's appearance. "Delly what happened?" Katniss asks plucking the hat from her hands, she begins to smooth out the creases Delly's hands have caused. "I've been grounded." Madge audibly gasps pressing a gloved hand to her chest. Katniss rolls her eyes at her friend before turning back to an upset Delly. "I gained a few pounds." She shrugs her shoulders. Katniss nods gently touching Delly's shoulder. The weight restrictions of Pan Am only allowed the girls to gain a pound or two within a year of working. Delly's blue eyes began to bubble over with unshed tears. Katniss tried her best at a sympathetic smile, but no one had comforted her when she was grounded for not wearing her girdle on a flight. "It'll be fine Delly." Katniss dropped her hand glancing at the clock on the wall. "I'm so sorry but I have to get going, those planes don't wait." Katniss quickly stepped around her two coworkers rushing to make it to her flight for Barcelona. Katniss held her breath before stepping onto the plane letting it out in a long outbreath. It was like an odd tradition of hers ever since her first flight from New York to Boston. " Hola brainless!" Katniss smiled as Johanna fluttered her gloved fingers. Johanna had already discarded her blue uniform jacket and hat as she set up the cabin. "Johanna, what luck that we're on a flight together!" Katniss laughed dropping her Pan Am bag into the crew's closet. Jo grinned walking over to Katniss. "So, we have a new pilot." Jo clapped her hands with a slight roll of her eyes. "The man from the paper?" "You read the article?" Katniss shrugged walking pasted Jo to finish setting up the cabin. "Well apparently Juan Trippe thinks the sun shines out of this man's ass." "Jo!" Katniss scolded before stuffing pillows into the overheard compartment. Jo shrugged as Wiress and Annie, the other two stewardesses, walked aboard the plane. "What did she do now?" Annie laughed dropping her bag into the closet with the others. "Just talking about our new pilot." Jo shrugged. "Oh the young one?" Wiress added from behind Annie. "He's twenty-five." Jo scoffed folding a blanket. "The way they're talking about him you'd think he was 16." Katniss chuckled as Annie giggled quietly busying herself with the dishes. "Ladies, ladies, ladies." Each head turned to the new voice that stepped onto the plane. Finnick leaned against the archway a smirk gracing his gorgeous features. Annie blushed slightly as Finnick winked at her. "Miss me?" "Hardly Fin," Jo mocked walking toward him, "Don't you have a plane to not fly?" "Hey, hey, I happen to be the first officer." "Sure Mr. co-pilot." The four stewardesses shared a laugh at Jo's teasing. "Where is this new young pilot anyway?" Finnick glared at the short brunette before him. "He's coming." He turned away toward the cockpit. "Excuse me but I have to warm up the engines to a plane that I'm not flying." They watched as he retreated behind the door. "Johanna, that was not nice." Annie scolded as a smiled played on her lips. "Never said I was sweetheart." Jo flicked the teased strands of Annie's auburn hair. She slipped her uniform jacket on just as the young pilot walked on board followed by the flight engineer. She was giving them her best Pan Am smile as they walked toward her. "Hello" The pilot nodded before Johanna removing his hat revealing a head of blonde curls styled neatly. "Johanna Mason, Purser." She grabbed his hand shaking it firmly. He nodded once again before turning toward the other stewardesses. "I'm Peeta Mellark, I guess I'll be your pilot." He grinned tucking his hat under his arm. "Ah and this is Gale Hawthorne, he'll be the second officer." Peeta waved to the tall man to his right. The stewardesses nodded in unison as Peeta introduced himself. Jo stepped in front of the young pilot gesturing to the ladies behind her. "This is Annie, Wiress; they'll be serving coach for the flight. And this is Katniss, she'll be first class with me." Jo waved toward Katniss situated in the back tucking blankets into a closet. Katniss turned smoothing out her uniform skirt before walking closer to the rest of the flight crew. "She'll be the one serving your coffee and meals." Katniss nodded pulling on her uniform jacket slightly under the watchful gaze of the captain. "I'll look forward to it." He grinned, his blue eyes lighting up with amusement. Katniss looked down at her black heels feeling an unfamiliar blush creep up her neck. "Gale," he nodded to the man next to him, "we should get ready for take off." They watched as the two men stepped into the cockpit closing the door behind them. "Pretty easy on the eyes eh?" Jo nudged Katniss's hip with her own. Katniss chuckled turning away and busying herself before the passengers arrived. Katniss hands clutched the counter as she waited for the coffee pot to finish brewing. Three hours in the air and Finnick was already begging for his fourth cup. "Our young captain requesting a cup of coffee?" Jo reached behind Katniss for a cup. "Finnick has been coming out here every half hour begging for coffee." "Shouldn't he be helping fly a plane?" "One would think wouldn't they?" Katniss laughed switching the pot off as Jo went off to help a passenger. Katniss stretched, her white uniform shirt riding up slightly; the sudden cough behind her caused her to jump against the counter the coffee mugs clanging together. She turned around to a red face Peeta. "Oh Captain Mellark, I'm sorry about the wait I was just brining in the coffee." Katniss hurried her words as Peeta shook his head, a small smile gracing his handsome features. "Please call me Peeta," She nodded clasping her hands together. "I just wanted to stretch my legs." He grinned before pointing behind her. "Mind if I…" Katniss nodded quickly. "Oh sure, help yourself." Katniss tried to move as Peeta reached around her. She was close enough to smell the subtle sent of his soap and what seemed like cinnamon. She could feel the blush rising on her cheeks. "So how are you enjoying the flight so far?" He smiled pouring coffee into the mug. "It's nice," Katniss nodded, "and smooth." He chuckled as she bit her pink bottom lip. "That's what I aim for." She laughs softly as he sips on the dark liquid. "Have you been to Barcelona before?" She nods turning back to the counter to busy herself. "Do you know the language?" " Yo soy fluido. " She grins pouring coffee into Finnick's empty mug. "Pardon?" She nods a small smile tugging on the corners of her pink lips. "Yes, I know the language. Do you?" She turns as Peeta lets out a laugh. "I know hola ?" "Well, at least they'll think you're friendly, just saying 'hello' to everyone." He laughs shaking his head. "Could I bribe you to help me out in Spain?" "Bribe me?" "I'll buy you dinner if you translate the menu." Katniss bites her lip shaking her head. "I don't think that's a good idea." "Helping out a poor ignorant Pan Am pilot?" "Speaking of pilot," Jo smirks leaning into the small kitchenette the two have been standing in. "Shouldn't you be flying a plane?" Peeta lifts his finger his mouth hanging slightly open. "You're certainly right. If you'd please excuse me ladies." He turns making his way into the cockpit. He holds open the door slightly turning back to Katniss and Johanna. "Think about it?" He gives her a large smile before slipping behind the door. "Care to tell me what that was about?" Johanna smiles leaning against the counter. Katniss shrugs a smile spreading on her face. "I'm not sure." "Enjoy Barcelona." Katniss smiled as the last passenger walked off the plane. Jo let out a long sigh once the passenger was out of sight. "So glad that's over." She turned making her way toward the closet containing their bags. "What do you say, why don't we go enjoy Barcelona?" Jo pulled her bag from the closet turning back around to Katniss. The cockpit door opens, the laughter from the men spilled out the opened door as they made there way toward the stewardesses. "Something funny boys?" Jo quickly adjusts her bag from one arm to the other. Finnick laughs shaking his head. "Just laughing at how oblivious our captain here is." Finnick claps Peeta on the shoulder, as the blonde's face grows slightly red. Jo raises an eyebrow before giving the men a shake of her head. "Ladies let's go debrief." Jo smiles gesturing for the three other stewardesses to follow her. "Katniss" She feels a gentle hand on her elbow stopping her from following the girls off the plane. She turns around to the smiling face of her captain. Gale and Finnick are behind him snickering about something as they gather their bags. "Can I talk to you? For a minute?" Katniss shifts her bag slightly before nodding. Peeta's