Best Christmas Ever It's been really cold outside. I shouldn't be surprised…I mean it is Christmas and it is always cold. I look to the window and see the snow falling. It's been snowing for a while now and it only adds to my sour mood. A sour mood that is misplaced since I know Christmas is his favorite time of the year and I am only ruining it with my scowls. Everything started a few weeks ago when we went to meet Thom and Delly's son Jack. I could see it on Peeta's face…the longing, the love…so strong that it took my breath away. I felt something had broken in me. I knew that was something that I couldn't give him and that tore me apart. Peeta has never pushed me. He didn't even push me when I said no the first couple of times that he asked me to be his girlfriend even when he and everyone around us knew how I felt about him. He has never asked me to marry him or to have kids because he knows how I feel about it and yet seeing that look in his eyes about killed me. God! He never pushed when he tried to make me agree to go out with him before we became a couple. I am taking away from him the possibility to have a family and be great at it like I know he would because I've seen how he is with Finnick and Annie's son Nick. Kids love him because of his pure soul and charm. From that day on I haven't stopped thinking about it. Thinking about how I am robbing him and yet I am so selfish that I've been keeping him next to me even when I know that he deserves better. So much better than me. Then Thanksgiving happened. Peeta's family is big…like two brothers married and with three kids each. It is a big family if I think about my mother, my father and my little sister and that's it. Little kids running around everywhere Marissa and Cinthya helping Peeta's mom with the food as the guys talked in the living room. She felt it coming the minute they all sat down at the table. The questions and the disapproving look from Peeta's mom after we told the whole family for the thousandth time that no, we were not getting married any time soon and no, we weren't thinking about having kids. I didn't miss how Peeta said that we weren't thinking about having kids yet. I don't even want to ask him what he meant with that because I'm scared. And then that same day going to my parents house and Prim announcing with Rory that they were getting married in a couple of months. I saw the sad tilt to Peeta's smile and the way his eyes told me about everything he was feeling. He wished those were us. That just broke me. Because as selfish as I have been I love him and I want him to be happy and I know that won't happen with me. I know that I can't give him what he wants. I repeat it to myself every time I can so I can convince myself that I have to let him go. It hasn't worked. It's been eating away at me for weeks now. I have not said anything. I'm just being quieter than I usually am, I shy away from him, and I scowl more than usual. Maybe I am just preparing for when I finally have to leave him. Because I know I will have to even If I don't want to because that's the only way he is going to be happy. I want him to be happy even if it isn't with me. He goes to the kitchen and walks as noisily as he can he even sneezes a couple of times to add to the noise, It isn't really that he is being noisy because I know he has a heavy thread and I know he's been nursing a cold for a few days now…I know that I am mad at him for being so perfect that I am not good enough for him. For days now I've been looking for something to force me to discuss this. Something to trigger the conversation that will end inevitably in a break up but I haven't found it. Or maybe I haven't been really looking for it as many opportunities have passed me but I've taken none. I look to the TV where a Christmas special is going on. I really have no idea of what I'm watching I'm just constantly thinking and thinking about this issue. It is awful to be split between what you need to be happy and what the person that you need to be happy needs to be happy. I know it sounds sort of complicated but it really isn't. It's just a matter of being selfless or being selfish. I'm not sure which one I prefer. He gets out of the kitchen with a few envelopes from the mail that arrived that day and heads for the bedroom and I get even more mad than before. I picked the mail this morning and there was nothing for me but a bunch of bills and yet Peeta has a bunch of letters from people…I didn't even know that people still wrote letters these days. "Katniss look!" he appears out of nowhere next to me and I scowl because he scared me and how can he be silent sometimes and so noisy some others? "What?" I tell him rudely without taking my eyes from the TV show. I hear him sigh and sit next to me. I wonder if he knows what I'm thinking…the battle that has ensued inside me. He probably does, he has always been attuned to my feelings and thoughts. "Finnick sent their Christmas card…I just wanted to show you how big little Nick is getting" he tells me placing the card in front of me. I turn to look at Peeta whose eyes are still glued to the card with a wistful smile on his face. His hair is wet because he recently showered and he is wearing a shirt and a pair of sweatpants. That's the way we always dress on Christmas Eve as we always spend it in front of the TV watching old Christmas movies and eating pop corn and every single kind of junk food we can get our hands on. It's been our tradition for years now and I have always loved the way we end up asleep on the couch me practically on top of Peeta and Peeta always complaining about back ache the whole Christmas morning because of the way we wake up but always having a playful glint on his eyes because he is as happy as he can be. "It's nice" I say and turns back to the TV. How will I be able to live without him? I know he isn't happy right now. I can see it in his eyes as he sighs again looking to the floor with a frown. "Would you tell me what's wrong?" he asks and his voice is almost a whisper. If he wasn't sitting next to me I probably wouldn't have heard him. It is like if he is afraid of asking me. It is as if he knows what's next. I sigh because I know this is it. I know I can't lie to him and it hurts…It hurts that I'm not enough. "What do you mean what's wrong?" I ask without looking at him. "I don't know. You've been weird… I just wanted to know if I did something to upset you so I could apologize and everything could go back to how it was" he tells me with a small smile. I hate it. I hate that he knows me so well that he can feel that I'm upset. I hate that he knows that if it isn't something that bad a simple small smile coming from him can fix everything. He knows this isn't the case this time because his smile doesn't work. The scowl doesn't leave my face. I wish he knew that this is how I hide my heart that is starting to break. "Back to how it was" I say softly. I wish it could, that's all I can think as I take a deep breath. "I can't" I tell him and look to him finally. His face falls automatically. "It can't go back to how it was, I can't" "But why?" he asks me slumping next to me. It's as if I robbed his energy. "It just can't! You aren't happy! I can't change that. So why are you here?" I ask him and I feel the tears threatening to spill but I know I have to hold them. "What do you mean?!" he asks me standing up. "I'm happy with you! Why are you saying I'm not?" "Because you are not! Don't lie to me Peeta! I see it in your eyes…you want to get married you want kids!" I yell and he gapes. "Will you tell me otherwise? Will you lie to me that way?" "No…but…" "But nothing! What are you doing here if this isn't what you want!? Why don't you just leave me?" I ask again and this time I push him. I don't know what made me do it, maybe I just wanted to touch him seeing as it is probably going to be the last time that I do. "Katniss…" "What are you doing here Peeta?! Why don't you just leave!?" I ask and he looks to the floor. I know I need to drive him away. And knowing Peeta I know he will relent to what I'm asking…he will take his things and say good bye and he will go away to be happy. After all…with his charm and his looks I don't think he will have a problem getting what he wants. "Stop it!" he yells at me but I can't. I started so I must finish it… before it's too late. "No! Answer me Peeta! Just answer! Why don't you just leave!?" his eyes fill with tears and he shakes his head. "I don't understand why you are doing this Katniss…and today of all days! But if this is what you want then fine!" he yells as he turns around towards the door. I don't think I'm breathing. I just watch him take his shoes and a sweater that's hanging by the door and leave. I don't even have enough time to ask him to come back I just watch him leave and say nothing. I curl in the couch. I didn't expect him to act that way. I didn't expect him to take a pair of shoes and a sweater and leave in that right moment. This is not the way I saw this happening and yet that's what happened. I thought I knew how much it would hurt to watch him go, but to actually see him leave through the door just about killed me. I stay that way for…I don't know how long. It resembles a lot the way I acted when I was depressed a few years ago when my dad got sick. I hear a buzzing in the background and I sit to look for what is making the sound. I look to the clock and it's been at least two hours since Peeta left and the snow has done nothing but keep falling consistently. I find the buzzing object and my eyes fill with tears. It's his phone with an alarm that indicates that our favorite Christmas movie is about to start. I curl in the couch again and wonder where Peeta is. He probably went to one of his brother's house or maybe to Finnick's. I know