Disclaimer: Rick Riordan owns everything Note: I will not tolerate homophobic comments of any kind. Also, keep in mind I'm messing with the timeline and plot and the relationships a lot so if anyone's curious with the chronological order, it's slightly confusing. Stake your claim: Annabeth knew that she wasn't being fair to Clarisse. It wasn't like Clarisse had been asking her to stay away from Piper, just that she not flirt with her or anything like that. Annabeth didn't flirt; in the past when she had been in her previous relationship, with Percy, it had been the son of Poseidon that had strayed and eventually ended up the lover of Nico di Angelo. It was just that people didn't believe that it happened that way. However, Annabeth, admittedly being aware that Clarisse could get jealous every now and then whenever she seemed to be too chummy with Piper, got fairly agitated as a result. She however, had unfortunately given Clarisse a very good reason for being suspicious. It would have been one thing if Clarisse was jealous and suspicious all the time and if she had been such before Annabeth's big "fuck up," because that would have been pushing it too far, and the daughter of Athena knew that, but Clarisse hadn't been that way before Annabeth cheated. Annabeth, of her own free will had had sex with both Thalia and Piper. Thalia wasn't such a problem as she was no longer at the camp and was off with Artemis and her hunters, but Piper was another story. Piper, when it came to physical proximity, was a little closer than either Clarisse or Annabeth would have liked. Piper, like Annabeth, was one of the fabled "Seven." The two of them, along with Frank, Leo, Percy, Jason and Hazel and so had to be near each other. They were too much of an effective team to not be with each other. Clarisse, Reyna, Arianna; the daughter of Demeter that Jason was in a relationship with, Calypso, Rachel and Nico were just part of the package on the Argo II. Given Piper's close proximity, that was a problem. And it wasn't like Clarisse was suspicious of any other woman Annabeth had contact with. Annabeth by no means thought that Clarisse was one of those types of girlfriends. Hazel, Reyna, Rachel, Hylla, Arianna, Silena, all the other girls and young women in both Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter were fine by Clarisse whenever Annabeth was near them. The daughter of Ares was not threatened. It was Piper and Thalia that Annabeth had slept with-they were the ones the brunette warrior felt threatened by. But since Thalia was usually not nearby, the daughter of Zeus usually was not a conflict, but Piper almost always was. Annabeth was fully aware that Piper was a subject of tense anger for Clarisse. Annabeth didn't know why Clarisse was so worried about Piper though. She used to date Percy Jackson and she knew that there were never times when Clarisse was afraid that she would go back to the son of Poseidon. So why was Clarisse so worried that she'd go and sleep with the daughter of Aphrodite again? She wasn't going to do it again of course. Annabeth had no desire to be with anyone else except for Clarisse. Thinking about it now, she really had to laugh. By the time Annabeth and Percy had reached their fifteenth birthday, even before Annabeth had understood Percy had feelings for Nico, she had the insight to realize that she just couldn't love Percy. Not like that. And she certainly didn't love either Thalia or Piper like that. It was strange, to be honest, seeing Clarisse in her insecure moments. It was true; while Clarisse was half god, she was also half human. Even Clarisse, in all her arrogance and strong-headedness, still had her emotional vulnerabilities. Annabeth wanted to tell Clarisse that these worries were groundless; that she loved Clarisse and only loved Clarisse. But both demigods would know that that was untrue. Clarisse's fears were not groundless. Annabeth had planted those insecurities in the other demigod's mind when she had bedded the daughter of Zeus and the daughter of Aphrodite. Annabeth suspected in her chagrin that Aphrodite was giggling up in Olympus at her and Clarisse's occasional "lover's quarrel." Aphrodite had actually confronted her once, praising her and Clarisse's relationship, even saying such irritating things like comparing the two of them to Antony and Cleopatra. There were serious times when Annabeth just wanted to kick Aphrodite's ass the curb for such ridiculous statements. But Clarisse was no Antony. Annabeth knew that. She was far better. Annabeth however was distracted when she saw Piper approaching from the Aphrodite cabin. The Argo II had landed and was stationary for a while at the border of the camp. The Seven and their significant others were scattered about the camp. Frank and Hazel from what Annabeth heard were sleeping in their shared cabin on the Argo II itself, Leo was showing Calypso around the camp (the poor woman was just delighted to be anywhere else except the island that she had been trapped on for so long), Percy and Nico said they were going to the lakes to swim, Jason was eating lunch with his girlfriend Arianna (there was some surprise though a great deal of support when they all found out about their relationship and Arianna was a good friend to the rest of them), and Clarisse as far as Annabeth knew, went to spar with her brothers. She didn't know where Piper was till she heard the daughter of Aphrodite's voice call out to her. "Hey, Annabeth!" Piper's yell reached Annabeth's ears, making the blonde jump from where she was sitting, focusing on the blueprints on her laptop. Thankfully it was modified specifically not to attract monsters. Any other piece of technology in a demigod's hands no less would be like shouting, "Hey! I'm a demigod and I'm right here! Come and eat me!" She turned in the direction of the voice. She spotted the dark haired demigod who was greeting her, waving. "Piper." She said, nodding to her, smiling in return. The child of the goddess of love came over, looking urgent about something. This caught Annabeth's attention. She slowly closed the laptop and placed it onto the wooden table next to where she was sitting. She told herself to be wary, but hoped that she could give Piper the benefit of the doubt. She had been careful not to be alone with the other demigod. Whenever she saw Piper, she made an effort to be out of sight until someone else came into the vicinity. She knew that that kind of behavior was uncalled for though. So far, Piper had never brought up that night between the two of them and Thalia, never. Piper never talked about Thalia, she never gave Annabeth suggestive looks, nothing ever came up like that. Still, Annabeth felt like she should be hiding right about now. "Annabeth, hey." Piper said, now meandering over till she was right in front of the blonde. The young Cherokee woman smiled down at the other. She spoke again, "Hey, it's been a long time, hasn't it?" Annabeth narrowed her eyes, hoping she looked surprised enough. "What are you talking about?" She queried, even though she had a pretty good idea of what the child of Aphrodite was saying. Piper's smirk confirmed that for her. "Oh, you know," Piper chuckled, smiling fondly, "We used to hang out so much before. We had so much fun. Now you avoid me every chance you get and unless there's at least two or more people in the room with us, you don't talk much to me anymore. I won't talk about….you know, that . I know you would hate if anyone found out and I would never talk about it. Especially not in front of Clarisse. Can't…..can't we just be friends again? I swear, I won't try to make it anything else. I won't make a move on you or anything." Annabeth winced. She had been unfair to people a lot lately. With Clarisse, even though the daughter of Ares had good reasons, she was getting frustrated with the other demigod and yes, she had been avoiding Piper. "I'm sorry," She finally submitted, hand moving away from where she put her laptop on the table, "I never wanted to make you feel like I didn't care anymore. I still see you as a friend. But after what happened…you understand, right? It's just really, really awkward." Piper's smile turned somber. "I said I won't bring it up," Piper repeated, "I won't if you won't. I know how much you love Clarisse. I love you, but if you're happy with her-" Piper stopped talking when she saw Annabeth freeze at the words, 'I love you.' Piper was now grimacing. "I…..I won't say anything." The demigod repeated at last. Annabeth exhaled, "See? That's why this is awkward. Even if we hadn't…..done anything, I figured out about your feelings a while before that. Don't you remember? It was already complicated after I found out. And besides, I shouldn't have used you and Thalia that night. I shouldn't have. I'm sorry." Piper was startled by the apology and a look of hurt flashed across her ever-changing eyes. "You're sorry?" She echoed, feeling like someone had punched her in the gut, "I'm not." Annabeth stiffened, staring up at Piper. Was this it? Was this the breaking point? Was this where they were going to break their little rule of no talking about the "particular incident" and all Tartarus would break loose? Answering Annabeth's questioning look, Piper continued, "I know you and Clarisse are together. I know what happened that night was just a one-time thing, no strings attached, but I'm not sorry that you came to me and Thalia. Well, not to me anyway. I got to have you, if only for one night. I know you'll never love me, but I'll treasure what I can get from you, and let's face it, you let me have a lot that night." Piper's face changed at Annabeth's infuriated glare, to a sheepish look, "My only regret is that I had to share you that night with Thalia." Annabeth clenched her teeth together. She wanted to lash out, to scream, to curse the daughter of Aphrodite out, but she couldn't. She knew that she would be a complete hypocrite for doing something like that. She had given up a lot to Piper and to Thalia that night. She had let them have their way with her, in so many different positions. They had taken her; brought her to orgasm, and more than once, and worse, she had enjoyed every single moment of it. "Look," Annabeth voiced, aggravation evident, "I get it. You enjoyed what I gave you, but I'm in love with Clarisse." "I know, I know," Piper grumbled, shaking her head, "That's what I was saying, "You gave me all the physical beauties of a relationship we could have had, but your heart didn't come with it, so I'm not going to even try to win you over. So Clarisse and you have nothing to worry about. I don't want you if you can't give me your heart and soul as well as your body. But I'll take what I can get." Annabeth stared at the other demigod, absorbing this declaration. This was a lot to process, even for a child of Athena, and gods, did Athena's doctrine include how to deal with romance? No, it did not, so Annabeth was pretty sure she could be justified in being inarticulate. There was the sound of metal scraping against solid rock, making both demigods jump and turn. Clarisse was walking in their direction, dragging her spear along and her head was towards the shield in her other hand, inspecting what looked to be a fairly serious crack in its