Disclaimer: Own nothing Summary: Sequel to "Just for tonight" and "What's the sixth stage?" Takes place five years before "Nightmare" and the events of "House of Hades." (Yeah, I know I'm heavily changing the chronology of the books) Clarisse knows about Annabeth's infidelity. Now Annabeth has to confront her lover about it. Nothing too scary about that, right? Riiiiigggghhht. Per usual, I give my little note. No homophobic comments, please. If there are any homophobic comments at all, I will delete them. I repeat, any homophobic comments will be deleted A matter of infidelity and forgiveness: The blonde demigod stood in front of daughter of Ares, trying to push away the impulse to shake in apprehension and fear. It seemed preposterous that she would be afraid of facing her lover, considering she had nearly died multiple times from monster attacks, and attacks from other demigods sent by Luke Castellan, but fear gripped her heart and wouldn't let go. She felt like her feet were cast in bonds of solid lead as she moved them and stepped across the floor to the bed. She swallowed and kept her eyes on the brunette seated at the foot of the bed. The other demigod didn't break her gaze from where it was fixated on Annabeth either. The dark haired daughter of Ares had her elbows resting on her legs, gaze intense as she watched the blonde. "Clarisse, I…." The blonde's voice came out so completely drained, weak and small that she wasn't sure she had spoken at all. Clarisse still didn't react. She only stared at her lover and nothing more. Annabeth moved slowly to the bed. She couldn't believe it, but she was trembling. She couldn't bear the thought of what her lover would say. Gods, she could take anything; a Hydra, Medusa, Minotaurs, Cyclops, other demigods, even spiders, but not this. How could Clarisse even stomach looking at her? Finally, just when Annabeth thought that she'd burst out into tears in front of Clarisse, just when she thought she'd shatter; fall to the floor and weep into its wood, she somehow got to be in front of the daughter of the god of war and looked at her, waiting for the other's response. Nothing. Clarisse was as still as a statue. Her eyes were focused on Annabeth and she never tore her gaze away. Annabeth was even more disconcerted by the fact that she just couldn't tell what the daughter of Ares was feeling right now. The brunette's face was unreadable. "Clarisse," Annabeth finally whimpered, "I'm sorry…I…I was in pain. Luke, Thalia," Annabeth froze, not sure if she should have said the daughter of Zeus's name, "I just needed some kind of release…I didn't want to use you like that….I'm sorry…" At last Clarisse moved. She raised her arms from her lap, reaching out towards the blonde. "Come here." She said in a quiet voice that was so uncharacteristic for the warrior that Annabeth was almost shocked that the person she heard saying it was indeed Clarisse. "Come here." The daughter of Ares repeated in a firmer voice when Annabeth made no move to walk closer. Annabeth gulped and walked towards the other warrior, her feet still bearing a heavy sensation, this time walking into Clarisse's outstretched arms. The brown haired demigod wrapped her arms around the blonde's waist and stared up at the daughter of Athena. Annabeth breathed out heavily, "I won't blame you if you want to hit me." She felt Clarisse stiffen against her and she wondered what the brunette was thinking. She knew that Clarisse would never hurt her, at least not before she had slept with Piper and Thalia, but now...? It was alien for her to offer to be a punching bag for anyone really. But knowing that this was the woman she could see herself giving her actual soul to, she almost realized that no, she wouldn't blame the daughter of Ares if she raised a hand to harm her for her infidelity, and hurting Clarisse so badly. When Clarisse still didn't respond, Annabeth was about to open her mouth again when her feet suddenly left the floor and she was in the air, though she was still being held by Clarisse. Clarisse was rolling backwards on the bed till she and Annabeth were both on their sides, with Annabeth facing her, her arms still around the blonde's waist. The two demigod's heads were now both on the pillows. Clarisse released her hold around the blonde's middle and instead brought the palm of her right hand against the side of Annabeth's face, stroking the other demigod's cheek in a soothing manner. Annabeth stared at her lover, confusion written all over her face. There was no sign of anger or rage or accusation, nothing. Clarisse moved her hand down from Annabeth's cheek and under the blonde's chin, cupping it and lifting Annabeth's head to look at her more carefully. "How could you ever think that I'd hurt you, Anna?" Clarisse asked, her voice holding a dreadful edge to it that made Annabeth's stomach turn. "How could you even suggest that I'd hit you?" Clarisse pressed, staring hard and intensely at her mate, "I would never hurt you." A powerful surge of emotion went through Annabeth and she almost moaned out an apology before she heard Clarisse's next words. "Why?" Clarisse asked, voice low and calm, but the question made Annabeth shiver, "Why, Anna?" Annabeth finally got out, guilt in her tone, "I hurt you so badly. I...I'd normally kick your ass if you tried anything like that," This earned her a smirk from the more muscled demigod, but Clarisse let her continue, "But after what I did, I can't blame you." Clarisse shook her head against the pillow. She meant it when she said that she would never hurt Annabeth. If she wanted a picture of what domestic abuse was, all she had to do was remember how her stepfather, Cal treated her mother. She would never be like that, never. she would never treat Annabeth the way that bastard, Cal had treated her mother. Good thing she had thrown that piece of scum out on his ass as soon as she was strong enough. But what she was going to do was wheedle at least some answers out of Annabeth about why she did what she did with Aphrodite's brat and Zeus's brat so that they could move on. Clarisse was not going to let a fling Annabeth had with a couple of losers get between her and her mate. "What I do want, Anna," Clarisse supplied for Annabeth, "Is an explanation. Why did you do it? Why did you sleep with Piper and Thalia?" Even though there wasn't a trace of aggression in Clarisse's tone which was so, so utterly surprising to hear from the daughter of Ares, Annabeth found herself cringing at the query. Even though this inquisition was completely understandable, even though it was inevitable to come at some point, even though Clarisse had every right to know everything after what Annabeth did, the daughter of Athena had prayed to her mother and all the other gods that those words would never come from her lover's mouth. But then, she supposed she had spited all of them, especially Ares and Aphrodite by being unfaithful to Clarisse. Annabeth said, voice pained, "I'm sorry….I know I'm sounding like a broken record, but I am sorry. I…..after Luke died….I just needed someone. I lost Luke already when he betrayed us and I lost Thalia twice too. I needed some kind of release. I didn't want to use you…..I'm sorry. I don't love Piper and Thalia, not like that." She nearly whimpered out, "I only love you." Annabeth knew how inarticulate she was being tonight, but considering she was being faced with the possibility of the love of her life leaving (for quite just reasons) she had a feeling she could be excused for not having just the right, ideal vocabulary for this situation. Clarisse sighed, her thumb sliding up Annabeth's face again, stroking it against her cheek. Annabeth leaned into her lover's touch, smiling, not daring to even hope that Clarisse was forgiving her. "If you were in pain," The daughter of Ares began to speak again, "Then why didn't you come to me? You say that you didn't want to use me, but I wouldn't have cared as long as you were happy. And you hurt me worse by sleeping with McLean and Grace than you ever could have by using me for comfort." Annabeth lost her smile, flinching. If that remark had been meant to hurt her, it succeeded. "I know." The blonde whimpered out, "I know. I know I hurt you. I should have gone to you. I didn't want to hurt you…..but I hurt you anyway…" Clarisse said in the same tone of voice, "I love you. I hate when you're in pain. You should have come to me. All I want is to be with you and for you to be happy." Annabeth closed her eyes, unable to look at the brunette anymore as the words overtook her. Clarisse didn't stop massaging her thump along her lover's face as she watched the daughter of Athena. "I love you." Clarisse said again, leaning in and pressing her forehead against the blonde's, her words startling the other demigod, "I love you." Clarisse lowered her head and her lips brushed against the nape of Annabeth's neck, "I love you." She then bit down onto the blonde's throat, encouraging a gasp from the other. Clarisse arranged herself so that she was straddling the smaller young woman, grabbing the blonde's body and turning her so that Annabeth was on her back as Clarisse straddled her form. The brunette grabbed her lover's wrists and pinned them above the blonde's head, leaning in again. Clarisse locked her lips with Annabeth's, her tongue flicking across her lover's lips, seeking entrance. Annabeth uttered a sigh, allowing Clarisse's tongue to invade her mouth. Clarisse's tongue caressed her own, licking and stroking, earning low moans from the blonde. As she kissed Annabeth, Clarisse moved her hands underneath the daughter of Athena's shirt, sliding her arms up and grasping both the blonde's breasts, massaging and squeezing. Annabeth mewled harder and arched her back. Clarisse broke the kiss and lowered her head to the blonde's neck, mouth clasping over a pulse point tenderly, biting as she moved her hands. Annabeth cried out loudly. Clarisse licked around the hollow of the smaller demigod's throat and moved her hands to the hem of the blonde's shirt, lifting it up as she raised herself up, not kissing her lover's neck anymore and giving herself room to pull the daughter of Athena's shirt off. Her hands froze when Annabeth's came down and clasped around her wrists, preventing her from lifting the shirt up any higher. Clarisse couldn't mask the hurt look or keep the wounded tone out of her voice as she stared at Annabeth and spoke, "Why not? You don't want to?" Annabeth shook her head, speaking in a self-chastising voice, "I do. I want this, but I don't deserve it….I hurt you…." Clarisse sighed, turning her wrists and pulling them out of Annabeth's grasp and placing them on Annabeth's own hands, pulling them up and pressing them back above the blonde's head, keeping them captive there. "I'm not interested in what you deserve," Clarisse said, almost snapping in anger, "I care about what you want ." She stared at Annabeth's wide grey eyes poignantly, "Do you want this?" Annabeth felt a shiver run through her at the intensity of her lover's stare and question. She knew this wasn't right for what she did, but she was never able to resist Clarisse. Never. "Yes." She felt pathetic when she moaned the word out, not at all surprised when Clarisse kept one of her hands on her wrists, making sure her arms were more or less