AN: written in response to a prompt by riddelsgurlforever on tumblr for the February 2016 #dhrfavorites prompt exchange. It's published way too late but that was the inspiration. Prompt: Students are allowed to come back to Hogwarts for their 8th year, after the war. Draco has also returned, granted leniency for defecting. Hermione takes on an internship with Madam Pomfrey as she resolves to become a healer after the horrors she's witnessed in the war. Draco keeps himself busy with Quidditch. Perhaps one day Draco gets injured and has to be cared for by Hermione? What ensues after this? September "Apprentice Granger, will you join me in the infirmary please?" Madam Pomfrey's voice drifted into the small office where Hermione was making more Skele-Gro. The school stock seemed to be rapidly dwindling, even though the new school year had only just begun. Hermione grabbed her wand, put a stasis spell on the cauldron and straightened her light blue healer's robes before she walked out of her office and into the infirmary. Madam Pomfrey was standing next to a bed at the far end, her body hiding the patient on the bed from view. As she walked nearer, her heart beat rapidly. Would this be the moment when she'd really start to learn about healing? She'd taken up the apprenticeship with Madam Pomfrey because she wanted to become a Healer, and Madam Pomfrey was arguably the best. But the first weeks had been nothing but making third year potions like Skele-Gro and ointments for boils. She knew how to do those in her sleep. When she neared the bed, she saw the patient and gasped. "Malfoy! What happened?" He had a split lip, blood stains on the front of his green quidditch robes and bruises beginning to colour his cheekbones and eyes. Malfoy glared at her. "Quidditch accident," he muttered, wincing as his lips started bleeding again from the movement. "I'd like you to perform the diagnostics on Mr. Malfoy, please, Apprentice Granger," said Madam Pomfrey, gesturing at the patient on the bed. She took a step back, to give them all the space they needed. Hermione stared at Malfoy, momentarily distracted by the blood dripping from his nose and lips. "While we're still young, Granger," he snapped, and she blinked in surprise. " Dolorem revelio ." Hermione watched as the spell took effect, highlighting different parts of his body and face. She no longer saw him, but a puzzle she was anxious to solve. Her heart beat rapidly as she tried to distinguish the different injuries. "Cracked rib. Sprained wrist. Split lip. Lost a molar, some loose teeth. Broken nose. Lots of bruising in the face and some on the back of his head. No concussion, though." She turned to Madam Pomfrey with a smile, as if proud to have completed the exercise. Then she shook her head, remembering he was not just some theoretical problem, but a patient, and seriously injured at that. "I'm sorry, Mr. Malfoy, you must be in a lot of pain. I'll get you a pain potion and we'll start healing you." She hurried to the cupboard, took a few potions and returned to the bed. "Explain to me what you would do to heal Mr. Malfoy," Madam Pomfrey interrupted. "Oh. Right. I brought a pain potion so the patient feels more comfortable while we're healing him. I also have a diluted version of Skele-Gro for the cracked rib. The full-strength version isn't necessary for that. I would repair the facial injuries with spells. And a few drops of Denta-Gro can take care of the teeth." "Not bad, Apprentice Granger," Madam Pomfrey said, then gesturing at the patient sitting on the bed, "Go ahead." "What?" " What ?" "You're letting me heal him?" "You're letting Granger heal me?" They looked at each other with mirroring faces of horror. Then Hermione's face morphed into the professional mask she'd put on while diagnosing him, and she turned to Madam Pomfrey. "Are you sure, Madam?" "Of course, Apprentice Granger. These are minor injuries, I'm sure you can handle them. I'll be right here to intervene, of course, should anything go wrong. But I'm confident everything will be fine." Malfoy opened his mouth to object, but before he could get a word out, Hermione had pressed the pain potion to his lips. "Swallow this, Mr. Malfoy, then I'll tend to your injuries," she said, her voice clinical and detached. He turned his face away. "I'd rather you did this without, it makes me feel dizzy and sleepy." Hermione pursed her lips but put the cap back on the vial and placed it on the bedside table. "Your call. It's right there if you change your mind." Then she set about casting episkey to set his nose, and sanentur to ease the bruising and heal the lips. Although the process was very painful, her patient never uttered more than a hiss. Whenever she glanced at him, she saw his grey eyes following her every move, and it made her feel jittery. "Open your mouth, please." "What now?" "I want to heal your teeth, Mr. Malfoy. Open your mouth, please." Her voice didn't betray any irritation. He opened his mouth a fraction, and she gently pried it open further, dabbing Denta-Gro along the loose teeth and leaving a larger dose where he'd lost his molar. The teeth snapped into place with an audible crunch. She knew it must hurt, but he just sat on the bed, immobile and quiet. "The tooth you lost will grow overnight. I think it's best you stay here for the duration. And do take that pain potion, Mr. Malfoy, or you won't be able to sleep," Hermione said, now moving on to his ribs and wrist. "You also need to take this dose of Skele-Gro to heal your rib, that will be done by tonight, as it isn't a very large crack. I'm going to spell some bindings around your wrist, it should be fine by tomorrow. Religo." She watched as a bandage tied itself tightly around his wrist, and then gave him the Skele-Gro. Finally, she cast a quick tergeo to get rid of the bloodstains. "Does it hurt anywhere else?" Malfoy snorted, then winced. He'd forgotten about that cracked rib. "Why, yes, Granger. My eyes still hurt with the sight of you. Do try and get that hair under control, will you? I'm sure it's a health hazard all by itself." Hermione considered retaliating but then reminded herself that she was supposed to be a professional, and above petty insult trading. "Glad to hear you're feeling better," she said instead, with a sugary sweet smile that made her own teeth hurt. "Make yourself comfortable on the bed, Mr. Malfoy, you're spending the night in the infirmary." Then she turned on her heel and went back into her office. Interlude: studying She stared out the window of her room, the highest room in the West Tower. When she came back for her Eighth Year, she also asked for a Healer's apprenticeship with Madam Pomfrey. Since that made her staff as well as a student who was of age, she'd received her own rooms in the staff quarters. She liked the view from the West Tower, and didn't even mind all the stairs she had to climb every day. The new room also didn't remind her so much of the friends who had decided not to come back, like Gryffindor Tower. Or the friends who never had the choice in the first place. The West Tower was new territory, no memories to haunt her and no ghosts to keep her company. She knew she should be studying, she was taking eight NEWTs this year, after all, but her attention was drawn again and again to the flash of green and silver flying around the Quidditch pitch. He always seemed to be flying these days. She never cared for Quidditch and never liked flying, but watching him fly was different. In the air, he was poetry incarnate. He looped around the field, twirling and diving and rolling around in intricate patterns that mesmerised her. It became increasingly difficult to tell herself she still hated him, when he was in the hospital wing more often than in the Great Hall. Especially because no matter how painful his injuries, he would refuse a pain potion and suffer quietly. It was so much unlike the whinging brat who had claimed to be dying after Buckbeak had given him a scratch on his arm, that she was forced to consider he might have changed in other ways as well. She watched him fly until the sun set, and it became too dark for her to make out any shapes or colours. She wondered if quidditch was an escape for him, like healing had become for her. October "In here again, Mr. Malfoy? This must be the sixth time since the beginning of the year!" "Happy to see you too, Granger. Get on with it, will you? This fucking hurts." She performed the diagnostics spell wordlessly this time. "Broken arms, broken ribs, lots of bruising. What happened this time?" He gave her a level stare. "Quidditch accident," he bit out through clenched teeth. He always said it was a Quidditch accident. She knew he was lying. He was trying too hard to seem sincere. "Another one?" "It's a dangerous sport, Granger, you should know, old Scarhead had enough accidents on the pitch." She ignored his dig at Harry. "You sure have a lot of quidditch accidents for someone who isn't even on his House team." He looked away now, his face still carefully expressionless. She shook her head, resigned. "Pain potion?" she asked. "Just fix me." "It'll hurt." "I can handle it. Just give me the fucking bone potion." She shrugged, summoned the Skele-Gro and held it to his mouth. "Swallow it all up, I'll get you some pumpkin juice after." He did as he was told, and apart from a twist of his lips, he didn't react to the foul taste. "I'm going to take care of your bruises now," she said, pointing her wand at his face, first. He glanced at her with an unreadable expression, then sighed and closed his eyes. She traced her wand along his face and body, muttering the spell over and over. She turned away when she was finished, ready to go to the Great Hall for dinner, but he stopped her. "Stay, please." She turned back, surprised. "Why?" "I can't eat on my own. Broken arms, remember?" He laughed, as if embarrassed for his helplessness. "Madam Pomfrey is always here, she can help you." His laugh faded quickly. "Fine. Go. See if I care." Hermione conjured a chair next to the bed and sat down. "I don't mind staying. I'm sure the house elves will bring enough food for two." As soon as she'd spoken, a tray appeared, two large bowls of soup and a rack of buttered toast hovering in front of her. She grinned at him. "See, now I have to stay and feed you." She conjured a table for the tray, then fluffed up the pillows behind his back and helped him sit up a little straighter. Feeding him was oddly intimate. They didn't talk during the meal. As soon as they were finished, the tray disappeared and she banished the table. "Thank you." "You're welcome, Draco." The words were out of her mouth before she realised it, and she blushed. He quirked up one corner of his mouth in a half-smile that was oddly endearing. I did NOT just think he was endearing. "On a first-name basis now, are we?" "I… That is to say… I…" "Don't worry about it, Hermione." She flushed even more when he said her name. "I don't mind. You are my personal healer, after all." And he winked. Winked. She was mortified. "I need to go. Homework and all. You better stay the night, and