Summary : Scorpius has one goal for his first day at Hogwarts: to befriend a Potter. But how does one do so for a Potter so deliberately avoiding being befriended? Rating : T Tags : Next Generation, First Year, Budding Friendships, Rejection, A Moment Of Dawning Understanding ~Written for The House Competition~ House : Ravenclaw Category : Themed Prompt : Acceptance Word Count : ~4600 ~Hear Me~ "Should you get the chance, befriend a Potter. They may seem arrogant or ignorant, even worthy of disregard, but…" His father never finished those words. It was one of the first times Scorpius had ever heard him leave a statement hanging. Maybe he hadn't the words at all. Maybe even he didn't know what came after the 'but'. Or maybe the truth of the situation and the possibility of 'a friendship with a Potter' was too great to encompass in mere words. Scorpius didn't know and he'd never asked his father for clarification. Had Draco Malfoy wanted something known, he would have made it so. Draco Malfoy didn't leave room for misunderstandings and oversights – it was something Scorpius' mother had told him he'd grown into, but a commitment he clung to like a lifeline – whatever that meant. Whatever significance that held. At Kings Cross Station, those words rung in Scorpius' mind. Flat but determined, they echoed more loudly even than the shouts of children that rebounded throughout the platform, the cries of parents as they waved those children farewell. Even louder still when, in the midst of the mayhem, Scorpius paused with his hand resting atop his trunk. "Be well, my son," his mother said, as quiet and restrained as she always was in public. Scorpius glanced over his shoulder towards her. To some, Astoria Malfoy was an ice statue. Resplendent and refined as ever in her high-necked robes, she seemed nothing if not coldly incapable of expressing any greater emotion than the twitch of an eyebrow or the slight tightening of lips. Scorpius knew better. He knew better because everyone in his family – his mother, his father, definitely his grandparents – all bore the same restraint. To witness more than that shallow coldness, one had to look beyond. To peer deeper. To see more than what was superficially revealed. His mother was on the verge of tears, much as she'd been for weeks approaching his departure for school. Likely no one else on the platform could discern as much, but to Scorpius who knew her – and in many ways emulated her expressionless façade – he could tell otherwise. He tipped his head in an acknowledging nod. He wasn't borderline tearful, even if the prospect of beginning school was veritably terrifying. He'd barely stayed more than a night anywhere besides his parents' or grandparents' houses in his entire life. But this was an opportunity. A chance. An excitement . Scorpius chose to focus upon that bechanced excitement instead of the upwelling of nervousness that wrought havoc upon his nerves at every opportunity. "I will, Mother," he said, and his voice didn't waver. He made sure it didn't. His mother kissed him on the cheek. Amidst the mulling crowds of students and parents, the barest peck, a breath of warmth upon his cheek that was almost a gasp, was all she allowed. They had an image to maintain, after all. Then she straightened, drawing away from him, and the icy mask resettled even more firmly. The hand on Scorpius' shoulder remained a little longer, however. He followed the length of his father's arm to his gaze, and his father's eyes, the slight squeeze of his fingers upon the junction of his neck, bespoke more than any words could. Draco Malfoy didn't speak. Much of the time, he didn't need to. Scorpius' mother told him that his father had once been more than outspoken, almost excessive in his verbosity, but apparently that had changed. Scorpius' father stared at him and there was so much in his steady gaze that had already been spoken. Promises for school. For the future. About the Potters, and the unspoken duty that was less of a duty and more of a desperate need. And the words he'd spoken aloud only the once but that had resounded silently so many times since. To be a Malfoy is a challenge only the strong-willed can surpass. A war against rejection, against denial and a history we may never be rid of. It is the responsibility of every Malfoy, now and forever, to erase the smear upon our name. Scorpius' father said that and more in his silent stare, and Scorpius heard it. In the midst of clamour and raucous excitement, farewells and at times sobbing exchanges from young children and regretful, his father was a silent pillar beside the ice statue of his mother. Scorpius head his unspoken words, felt the squeeze of his fingers. Then he nodded and turned away. With a grazing gaze around the platform before, with a deciding step, Scorpius left his parents behind him. The Second Wizarding War had passed long ago. The world had mended. And yet Malfoy knew – he knew – the Malfoy name still carried a certain weight upon its steadfast and unyielding shoulders. Scorpius had known his entire life that it was his duty to attempt to alleviate that weight. Maybe he wouldn't concern himself with thoughts of what if's and fears of the future. His grandmother often said such wasn't the role of 'a child'. But even without the responsibility of being a Malfoy weighing upon his shoulders, the line of duties was long. Being Scorpius was a duty in itself, and one entirely enforced by himself. He had a schooling system to overwhelm. He had a cohort of fellow students to trounce, a name to buffer to the gleaming silver it had once worn. He had – He had a Potter to befriend. Weaving through the clusters of families, Scorpius made his way along the platform in the direction of the train. He could feel the weight of his parents' gazes upon his back, but he didn't turn. Not once. Thick smoke puffed into the air, acrid and heady, but Scorpius was above wrinkling his nose. He kept his chin raised and scanned around himself, using what his mother deemed his 'impressive height for an eleven year old' to his best advantage. There was the face of the youngest Bones child; he recognised it from the papers. A little further away and the Keeper for Puddlemere, hands clasped on her daughters shoulders. A Patil, an Einheart, a Parkinson recognisable only because Scorpius' had been forced to attend the family gathering of his father's closest childhood friend. Scorpius barely spared them all a glance, offering the faintest inclination of his head when he met the eyes of the third year Parkinson boy. He was irrelevant after all. He wasn't a Potter. Halfway along the platform was when Scorpius saw him. Or more correctly, he saw them . He saw the vibrantly redheaded Weasleys alongside the Potters, the Potter boy who was in his own year wriggling from his mother's embrace before starting after a redheaded Weasley girl already making for the train. Scorpius paused in step. For a heartbeat, he took it in – the Muggle clothes, the snowy owl that was a trademark of the Potter family, the mop of messy dark hair. Then he was striding forwards, diving into the thickening mass of crowd as close to running as decorum would allow. People got in the way. There were always so many people upon station platforms, and Scorpius found he abruptly had a problem with that. Scorpius had a mission. Why couldn't the world just cooperate for once? At a handful of steps away from the train, Albus stopped. As though hitting a wall, he abruptly stopped and, as though only just recalling himself, turned towards his trunk. Scorpius couldn't see what he was doing but the disappearance of his head into his suddenly opened trunk-top was nothing if not helpful. All but skidding to a stop himself a handful of paces away – and shooting a glare to the witch that nearly bowled him over – Scorpius straightened. He lifted his chin higher. A hand ran absently down the front of his robes, pressing the already immaculate lapels into further perfection. A good first impression was the best kind, his mother always said, and Scorpius intended for just that. Clearing his throat, and rather loudly to be heard over the din of the platform, he spoke. "Hello, Albus Potter. My name is Scorpius Malfoy. We shall be in the same classes, as I'm sure you're aware." A pause, and then, "It's a pleasure to meet you, and I hope we can be friends." Then he waited. Albus didn't pull his head from the trunk. He didn't even seem to have heard Scorpius, with no reaction apparent. Scorpius cleared his throat again and reattempted more loudly. " Hello , my name is Scorpius Malfoy and I'm –" Albus straightened. Something followed him out of his trunk – a bundle that bore the distinctive stamp of Ollivander's Wand Shop upon it that was stuffed immediately into the back of his trousers. Then, spinning without a glance in Scorpius' direction, Albus grabbed his trunk, hitched his owl's cage higher, and heaved himself towards the train once more. Not a glance over his shoulder was spared for Scorpius, nor a pause for acknowledgement. Scorpius stared after him. He blinked, could feel his mouth flop open, and made an effort to close it. That was… rude. Very rude, to so ignore someone when they'd made the effort to introduce themselves. It was as though Albus hadn't heard him at all. He hoped that was it. Scorpius hoped that Albus simply hadn't heard him and that was the reason for his disregard. That possibility was far easier to swallow than the one that suspected Albus maybe hadn't wanted to hear him at all. Clearing his throat again, if a little less theatrically this time, Scorpius spared a moment to glance around himself for potential onlookers. It was a relief to see no one had seemingly noticed. Then, brushing his lapels once more, Scorpius started for train in Albus Potter's wake. Next time. He would try again next time. "Excuse me, I was just wondering –" Albus didn't pause as he climbed from the train onto the platform. "I beg your pardon, but if you would just –" Not a sidelong glance as Albus all but scrambled amidst the crowd of students towards what Scorpius could see as being the ageing half-giant gamekeeper Hagrid, beckoning to the horde of first years. "Would you like to share a -?" he began to ask as they stood barely three steps from one another alongside the little boats bobbing on the lake. But Albus was already jumping into his own unsteadily rocking craft with arms spread wide for balance. Scorpius could only stare as Albus, Albus Potter, didn't seem to even consider him or his words worthy of reply. That time, Scorpius thought that Rose Weasley noticed. The fuzzy-haired girl, bright-eyed and supposedly intelligent if gossip from the grapevine held any credibility, glanced towards where Scorpius had planted himself at a respectful distance along the wharf. It wouldn't have done to step within Albus' personal space, and decorum – because Scorpius was always decorous – deemed such a distance be provided for appropriate introductions. The Weasley girl blinked at him owlishly for a moment. She spared further second to flick her gaze between Scorpius and Albus, confusion visibly quirking her eyebrow. Then, in obvious disregard, she shrugged and climbed after her cousin into the only seat remaining on their boat. The snooty cow. And yet it wasn't Rose Weasley that concerned Scorpius. Far from it, he was rapidly coming to the realisation that Albus Potter might be a problem. His father had told him to