STORY SUMMARY: Gale is reaped in the 74th Hunger Games. 3 years later, Prim's name is called in the reaping, but Katniss is now 19, and too old to take her sister's place. How will she cope with her sister's Hunger Games, while haunted by the events three years ago? And how will this bring her closer to a certain baker boy? A/N: So, here it is, my first Hunger Games fanfic! I have been bouncing around a couple of ideas for a while, but let's see how this one goes! Hope you enjoy. -C ~~~Chapter 1~~~ The 74th Hunger Games "Gale Hawthorne." I remember looking at him across the crowd of people as he stepped forward. I stood frozen as the shock hummed through me. We both knew it was possible. We both knew the odds weren't in his favour. He walked to the podium to join the female tribute, a 17-year old girl from the Seam. She stood next to Effie Trinket with red, puffy eyes, tears leaving tracks down her face. Gale's eyes met mine as he stood on the stage. He didn't cry or look angry. He looked determined. Determined to survive. Three Years Later, the 77th Hunger Games I wake with a start. The day of the reaping is here again. My first reaping day with no chance of being chosen as tribute. I turned 19 a few weeks ago. It's a shame I can't savour the freedom. I still have Prim to worry about. The days of her sleeping in bed with our mother are gone. She has grown from the small girl with the ducktail, who depended so much on me, into a strong, passionate young woman, who spends every free moment training with our mother to become a healer. But I can't shake the big sister protectiveness. I'll always look out for her. I turn over to see her already dressed and bustling about the small kitchen, humming quietly to herself. I take a moment to watch her as she moves about getting a simple breakfast ready for us. Prim is wearing a soft blue dress, one I have worn for reaping days in the past, and her lovely blond hair is in a long braid down her back. I don't often get to see her like this anymore, quietly getting ready for her day. I started work down in the mines a few months ago, and I have an early shift. Usually when I get up it is still dark outside, and I slip out of the house quietly while my mother and Prim are still asleep. But today is reaping day, today we all meet in the town square and leave the dusty coal mines behind us. I'd rather be working than worrying, though. I think all of us in District 12 feel the same way. Nothing good can come on reaping day. Lost in my thoughts, Prim surprises me when she softly calls my name, beckoning me to join her at the table to eat. She's taken a chunk of cheese from her goat, Lady, and a small loaf of bakery bread and heated it in the oven, melting the cheese. Prim knows how much I love this combination. "I'll wake Mom in a few minutes," Prim says to me. "I thought it would be nice to have a moment, just the two of us, before the day really begins." She smiles at me and I struggle to return the gesture. I don't understand how my little duck can manage a smile on a day like today. Prim notices that my face shows more of a grimace than a smile. "It's all right, Katniss, I'll be okay. My name is only in the reaping four times. At least this year, I don't have to worry about you." Now I do manage a real smile on my face as I look down at my 15-year old sister. The person I love most in the world. The little girl - well young woman - who can find happiness on reaping day because I am now safe. I'll still worry, but I do feel better. I took tesserae every year until I was 18, but I never let Prim add her name in exchange for supplies. Thankfully, we've never needed any tesserae from Prim, not that I would have let her take any, but our family has been doing better the past couple of years. My mother finally worked her way out of the stupor she'd been in since my father's death, and started selling herbal medicines to people in the district, sometimes treating patients too. Prim was able to trade goat cheese for supplies that my mother needed for her work, and once I started down in the mines, we actually had a steady enough income to get by. As I sit lost in my thoughts again, I hear my mother stirring in her bed. She walks over to us and kisses Prim on the forehead and then leaves the room to wash up. Although our relationship has improved, I still do not like her affections or her touch. Maybe one day I will truly forgive her, but it hasn't happened yet. Because I don't have to go down into the mines today, I feel like I should take the opportunity to go into the woods and do some hunting. We aren't as desperate for the meat as we once were, but I still enjoy being in the woods and practicing with my bow. And Greasy Sae has yet to turn down a kill, even a wild dog, and I still have a fondness for her soup. But I am reluctant to go, reluctant to leave Prim on reaping day, reluctant to let her out of my sight. "You should go to the woods today, Katniss," Prim says to me, as if reading my thoughts. "I'd rather spend the morning with you, little duck." I smile at her, trying not to think about the other reason I am not eager to venture into the woods today. A reason that has to do with a certain dark-haired boy - a man really - who still lingers in my mind after all these years. A man who used to be my best friend, until I lost him to the Hunger Games three years ago. "You're thinking about Gale, aren't you Katniss?" Prim seems to have gotten very good at reading my thoughts lately. Or maybe my emotions are displayed right across my face, for all to see. "I don't understand why you get so upset thinking about him." I sigh, envying Prim. If only I could see the world with her optimistic disposition, maybe all my smiles could be genuine. "I don't want to think about him today," I say, and that is that. We spend the next couple of hours around our small little house in the Seam. Prim entertains her cat Buttercup with a bit of ribbon while I take a bath and dress myself for the reaping. My mother has laid clothes out for me, just as she has for the past few years on reaping day. I don't know why she has bothered today. It's not as if I am in danger. This year, I'll be standing with the adults. This year I won't hold my breath and wait for my name to be called, only Prim's. As I towel off from my bath I look at the skirt and blouse she has set out. They don't look familiar at all, nothing I've seen around the house before, and I realise with a start that my mother has taken the time to make me a new outfit. At this thought, I feel a pang of regret for treating her so distantly, but then I think of the years that went by where I had to take care of both her and Prim, and I feel at least a little justified in my feelings. After dressing I find my mother and sister waiting for me in the kitchen. I'm surprised that they seem to be waiting to leave, when it's just barely past noon. Usually we don't set out for the town square until one. I quirk my eyebrow at Prim, "I don't want to arrive any earlier than we have to," I say. Prim's eyes sparkle as she replies, "I want to stop in the bakery before we arrive at the square." I resist the urge to roll my eyes at her. Not again, not today. My little duck seems to have it in her head that one of those Mellark boys has an interest in us, always seems to give her generous trades for her goat's cheese. Secretly I also wonder about the motives of the boys in that bakery, especially the youngest, Peeta Mellark. He must be roughly the same age as I am, since I remember seeing him in classes at school with the rest of my year. But most of all I have the memory of him tossing me bread. Bread that saved my life, and the life of my family, during our darkest days, months after we lost my father. I shake my head to clear my thoughts. He probably doesn't even remember that day. The day of the boy with the bread. Because it is reaping day and because I will do anything to keep Prim happy, I decide to indulge her. "All right little duck, lead the way." I take her hand and start out the door. I go a couple of paces and then stop. Prim has turned around to hook her arm with my mother's and the three of us continue walking, linked like a daisy chain. I'm sure this gives Prim great joy, so I go along with her, as she nearly skips her way around the Seam. We walk awhile in near silence, Prim occasionally humming to herself. I still can't fathom how this child can be so carefree on a day like today. Just before we reach town we come upon a man from the Seam sitting on the ground, clearly in pain. My mother and sister, always the caring type, immediately stop and ask about his condition. It's nothing, he says, an old injury to his leg flaring up. Prim pats his arm and insists she and mother can give him something for the pain. Luckily my mother seems to travel with basic apothecary mixes tucked in a small satchel across her shoulder. I suspect she often encounters others in need and wants to be prepared to help. My mother hands over a small vial and Prim gestures as she explains to the man that he must take only a few drops at a time and spread out the medicine for as long as he can. He moves to stand but Prim tuts him and reminds him that rest is also important so that he may heal. He tries to offer us money but my mother turns him down. She says it is only a small dosage and that she has plenty to spare. I know that this is not quite true. While we have been more stable these past few years, and we have managed to put food on the table for every meal, we still do not have enough to simply be able to give things away. But I say nothing. Today is reaping day, today we truly feel solidarity with the others in our district. Prim turns to wave at the man, still sitting on the ground, as we begin to walk again. This time there is a no silence as we walk. Instead Prim chatters happily at my mother about their patient, about medicines. I am glad that she can forget about the horrors of the day to come, if only for a little while. Soon we arrive at the bakery. I don't have reason to visit it very often. Prim goes