Disclaimer: I don't own LOTR. Summary: A sleepless night for Sam leads to an interesting conversation with Legolas as well as a new position for the hobbit. Frodo was not the first to speak of Samwise the Brave. Just a simple encounter that could have happened sometime during the journey of the Fellowship. Sleepless Sam sighed, trying to find a comfortable position to sleep in despite his many bruises. The Fellowship had faced their first real battle today: a group of at least fifteen orcs. Although they had defeated the creatures without much trouble, Sam was sure they had all gained a few new scrapes. Thankfully, it seemed no one had sustained any more serious injury. Since it had been getting dark anyway, Gandalf only made them walk to a safer area before allowing them to make camp. After a small meal spent mostly in silence, the elf – Legolas – disappeared into a tree. Aragorn had explained that he planned to scout the area from the trees, in case more orcs prowled close by. The others settled into sleep, save for the dwarf – Gimli – who took the first watch. Secretly, Sam wondered if that was such a good idea. Legolas had not returned, and he noticed that the elf and dwarf had a tense relationship, holding tightly to the grudges between their people. After a few more minutes that seemed like hours, Sam decided a new approach to sleep might be worthwhile. He quietly got up, careful not to attract attention from Gimli, and grabbed his waterskin. There was a stream nearby, and a little water was sure to do him some good. Using all the stealth he had learned from years of being dragged on ridiculous little adventures by Merry and Pippin, he snuck into the woods. He would not be gone long; no need to worry anyone. But once Sam got close enough to see the stream, he stopped and hid himself behind a tree. Someone else was already down there, a shadow against the water. He watched carefully, afraid any movement would attract attention from the creature he could not quite see. A breeze moved the clouds away from the moon, and a soft white light illuminated the figure. Sam held back a gasp; the creature was glowing in the light of the stars! Of course, then, this was no enemy to be wary of. The moon revealed that it was Legolas who knelt next to the stream, busy with something Sam could not see. Perhaps the elf had the same idea as the hobbit. Sam moved forward, and Legolas immediately looked up, a hand reaching for the knife lying on the bank next to him. "Master hobbit! What are you doing up and about when the rest of our company rests?" asked the elf, relinquishing his hold on the weapon. Sam shrugged, "I'm afraid I could not sleep. I was hopin' a drink of water might help, but my waterskin was empty. Did you find any orcs?" Legolas laughed, a sound just as enchanting as that of the stream, "Nay, little one, I did not. We are safe for the night, and should not find trouble in the 'morrow, either." The hobbit stayed several feet back from the edge of the river, entranced by his elven companion. "That's good. What a poor adventurer I turned out to be; one fight and I feel ready to run!" Legolas shook his head, "Not at all, Sam; you were very brave today, and you were a great help to all of us. If I had faced such a force when I was at your level of experience, I would have fled. I have seen many hundreds of battles now and there are still times when I wish I could run. The important thing is that you stay despite your fear." "Thank you, that does make me feel a little better about everything," said Sam. "I am glad," Legolas smiled. "Now come forward, Samwise the Brave! There is plenty water here for both of us." Sam blushed, but moved next to the elf. He could not help looking over his shoulder every few minutes to wonder at the glow coming from his companion's skin. It was then Sam realized that Legolas was not wearing a shirt. He looked to the water and saw that Legolas was washing it in the stream. "Did your shirt get dirty?" Legolas seemed momentarily put off by the question, but quickly smiled and started to wring out the tunic. "Dirt I do not mind, no matter what our filthy ranger tells you, but I will not wear something that is covered in the black blood of orcs any longer than I must." Sam looked down at his own clothes, relieved to see that he had not suffered the same atrocity. "I can understand that. Those are nasty creatures, and they smell awful!" To the hobbit's delight, Legolas laughed again. "Yes, that is partially why I decided to wash away the blood. I can deal with smelling like a mortal for a few months, but I certainly do not want to smell like an orc!" Sam smiled despite himself, "Now that isn't very nice, Mister Legolas. Mortals do not smell!" Humor glinted in the elf's eyes like stars, "Perhaps not to a mortal. Nay, do not be offended Master hobbit, I merely jest. We all smell of the journey, but underneath it I can sense fresh dirt, beautiful flowers, and wonderful fruit. You must be a dedicated gardener." "I do like to grow things," Sam admitted, "though I'm not accustomed to so much wild forest." "You should come to the Mirkwood someday. Most of it is wild and more than I care to admit has fallen into darkness, but you would like the Queen's Gardens. When I was a child, they were a wonder to behold. They always belong to the Queen of the Mirkwood, to do with as she pleases." He frowned. "Unfortunately, they have grown as wild as the woods, and perhaps as dark. There is no queen to take care of them now." Sam thought he would cry at the sight of a sad elf. He wondered what had happened to the queen, but did not want to make his new friend think on what must have been very painful memories. "I'm very sorry, Mister Legolas." Legolas ruffled the hobbit's hair and stood up. "I thank you, little one, but it is well. It was a very long time ago even by elven reckoning, and it is high time we hired a new gardener." He turned away from Sam and went to hang his shirt on a low tree branch next to several other items the elf must have already washed. Sam gasped, "Mister Legolas, you are hurt!" There was a deep gash in the elf's side, just below his ribs, that Sam had not been able to see as he had been positioned on the opposite side. Legolas looked down, and Sam swore he heard him mutter something that would probably translate into something that could make even Merry and Pippin blush. "Oh, 'tis nothing, Samwise. I have been fighting spiders for so long that I forgot the way orcs fight, and my attention lapsed. I'm taking care of it now." He gestured to a wooden bowl on the floor filled with a pasty substance. "But that looks awful, and it's been hours since we fought those orcs! Why didn't you say anything?" Sam shouted. Legolas knelt in front of the hobbit so that they were eye to eye. "Sam, please do not shout. We may be safe for now, but it will not help if you call all of Mordor down upon us." "Fine, but why didn't you tell anyone you were hurt?" Sam hissed, surprised at how worried he was about this near stranger. "I did not wish to slow down our company. We needed to find safety before rest…or healing. Besides, you will find that Aragorn is rather stubborn when it comes to the duties of a healer. He would never let me hear the end of it, and he would probably force us to rest another day. I do not need that, and we cannot afford it," the elf explained. "To be honest, it is also rather embarrassing for an elf to be the first of our company injured beyond a scrape, and in the very first fight! That is something else Aragorn would never let go." Legolas' ears turned slightly pink, but the hobbit did not notice. Sam crossed his arms, "Still, you should have said something. It won't be any help to us if you end up really hurting yourself, either." "I suppose you are right," Legolas smiled, "but as I told you, I am taking care of it now." He sat down next to the river again, picked up the bowl, and coated two of his fingers in the paste. Then he gingerly began to spread the grey-green gunk over the gash. He hissed, but did not pause or flinch. "Can I do anything?" asked Sam. "No, though I appreciate the company." Legolas washed his fingers in the river and inspected the wound again, frowning. He spoke to himself in elvish before looking up at Sam. "On the other hand, perhaps you can help me. You know how to sew, do you not?" "Yes, but what has that got to do with anything? I'm not all that good; I just know how to mend things," said Sam. "Well mending is what I need. Could you find a needle and thread? Preferably a neutral color, but anything you have will be fine." Sam stood up slowly. "Um, alright. I'll have to go back and get it." "Try not to draw to much attention; I do not require more than one nursemaid," Legolas smirked. "If they catch you, please do not tell them anything of me, or Aragorn is sure to worry." The hobbit nodded, "I can try." He ran off again, pausing momentarily to glance back. Legolas was continuing to apply the herb paste to his wound. Sam wondered if the errand was only meant to distract the hobbit, so he resolved to return as quickly as possible. When he got nearer to their campsite, he slowed down and crept behind a tree. Gimli was still on watch, but Sam could tell that the dwarf was not entirely alert; the day's events had tired him as much as the rest of them. It gave Sam the opportunity to sneak behind Gimli and silently ruffle through his pack. Thankfully, it did not take him long to find his small sewing kit. He grabbed a needle and the first thread he could pull out before shutting his pack and stealing away from camp once more. Gimli turned once, but a squirrel was blamed for the noise. When Sam got back to the stream, Legolas was washing more of the paste off his hands. Sam could see that he had covered the entire wound in the paste, which made it look even more ghastly. "What is that stuff?" he asked. Legolas looked up, "A few different herbs mixed with water. Very useful for cleaning out cuts and warding off infection. It also numbs the pain." "We use some things like that in the Shire, but I've never seen it all mixed together." "It only works with certain herbs, or their individual effects will be diluted. All of these are from the Mirkwood, and while they grow freely around my home I have found them to be rare in many other places," he explained. "Was your mission successful?" Sam pulled the needle and thread out of his pocket. "Yes." Legolas raised an eyebrow toward the thread. "Green?" Now that Sam looked at it closely, the elf was right. The hue proved to be a deep forest green. Sam apologized, "I thought it was black, and I just