Disclaimer: Don't own LOTR. Summary: A young mother finds help from the most unlikely of sources. Who knew the dwarf could deliver? This takes place right after the Battle of Pelanor Fields. I think this is my longest one-shot ever, but I didn't want to split it into chapters. It's also the first one I've written that is entirely from the perspective of an OC, but I promise I kept things pretty cannon. I will WARN readers that this includes fairly detailed descriptions of birth, so if that bothers you, don't read it. I'm not a doctor/nurse, but I've done a great deal of research on the subject in college so the information is pretty accurate based on the modern midwifery model and common medieval practices. If you spot something out of place, let me know and site your source; I'm going for accuracy. Enjoy! **Thanks to Gabrielle for pointing out a really unfortunate typo. It's been fixed.** With Gentle Hands I was young at the time, by the reckoning of many, but the war had aged us all and I was far beyond the days of my childhood. I had been married a full year, and I had my own household, my own chickens to care for, even a horse on occasion. My husband, Dunhal, was a good man and he taught me to ride his big, brown gelding when he had time. Then again, we so rarely had time in those days. I can barely recall a period in my childhood when we did not live under the shadow of that evil on our borders. My father was glad for my marriage, as I had three younger sisters. With Dunhal at least one of his daughters would be protected, would not have to rely on the provisions of an old man. He was older in mind than body, I think, for my mother died years ago when the black breath swept through the air of Gondor, killing those already weak in health. She was never strong, my mother, but always laughing. I miss her even now, and I think I missed her most that night. There were so many tears, so many things that had been destroyed. Yet, cries of joy also rang through the city: the battle on the fields outside of Minas Tirith was finished, we had won. The shadow hung over us still, but it had taken a grievous injury and we breathed easier than we had in many years. My joy quickly waned. Dunhal was a soldier, he had been in the fighting, and he did not return to me in the hours after the battle, while wives around me greeted their own husbands. As the sun sank ever lower I resolved, with a few of my neighbors, to go to the Houses of Healing in hopes that our mates were injured, or better yet helping the wounded. We did not consider the other option. Not yet. I was about to leave when a sudden pain seared deep in my belly. I held the doorpost to our bedroom and waited for it to pass, as it often did. Dunhal and I had decided to have children despite the darkness, perhaps even to spite it, to show there could yet be life. My middle swelled with our first, and I was well aware that the child would soon be coming. Not yet. Not yet. The feeling passed, and so I took my worn cloak from a hook by the front door and entered the stone streets. I was determined to reach the Houses, although at this point the babe had grown large enough to inhibit my movement. I had to pause as I came to the base of the first set of stairs, for the pains came over me again. Morwen, an elderly woman who lived nearby, came out from her door at the base of the steps and put a gentle, wrinkled hand on my back. "Come now, child, you should not be going anywhere with the babe so close at hand and all this trouble. Let me take you into my house, and we will send another for word on your husband." I shook my head, more determined as the spell passed again. "I have to see him, no matter what state he is in. I need to know, I cannot wait helplessly anymore!" I had expected her to give me more warnings, but her face changed and she nodded. I should have remembered that she had lost a husband, a son, two grandchildren, and many friends in this war. She lived alone now with her youngest grandson Haleth, a boy of seven years or so. She called for him now, and the boy came eagerly. Morwen had forced him to stay safely hidden during all of the excitement, and he was ready to perform any task if it meant he could get outside. "Haleth, take Mistress Gilmith wherever she wishes. Make sure she gets there safely, and stay with her if she needs you. Take her here again if she cannot find Master Dunhal." "Yes ma'am," said the boy. He was a goodly child, sure to make a fine man when he grew. I prayed that he would live to see his maturity, for Morwen was also a goodly woman and did not deserve to lose all the family remaining to her. She felt like a member of my own family, for she had helped me many-a-time before when I first came to live with Dunhal in Minas Tirith. The city was all stone, with none of the wide fields that had surrounded our little house out beyond the fields of Pelanor. We were never rich; our farm was small and we all worked hard to till the land and care for the animals. I never had brothers, so my sisters and I are capable still of carrying the same load as any man. Dunhal had been passing with a small group of soldiers, including the Lord Boromir on their way to bring a message to Lord Faramir in Ithilien. We offered them what shelter and food we had, since they were weary of the road and it was raining. They were kind, grateful, and fair. My sisters crowded around the steward's son, laughing at all he said, but my eyes were drawn to Dunhal, standing silently next to the fire. I caught him watching me, and he looked away. I am sure I saw him blush just as I did. They left the next morn, with many a graceful compliment to my father on our beauty and generosity, promising to reward our aid on their return. We never forgot that night, but did not actually expect them to think of us, which is why we were shocked to find them on our doorstep once again some months later with coins for my father and herbs of Ithilien for our garden. I do not know if Dunhal and I ever would have spoken if not for the interference of Lord Boromir, for I discovered later that he was the one who encouraged Dunhal to speak with me. Speak we did, for hours and hours until all the others had gone to sleep save my father. After a few months of visiting us on his own, Dunhal asked my father if he could wed me and take me with him to live in the city. I was terrified for my first days in Minas Tirith, for I had never been far from home and there were too many people. Morwen was the one to notice my distress, and she introduced me to the ways of the city folk while Dunhal did his work as a soldier. She became a second mother for me. Perhaps if I delivered a girl-babe she and Haleth would marry someday, and we would be a true family together. But I digress. Haleth helped me to climb that first set of stairs and many after, patiently waiting with me when I grew distressed for breath or pain. As we continued to make our way toward the houses, I began believe that there was indeed something wrong. The pains were growing more constant, and as I had never had a child before I did not know what that meant. Perhaps on a different day someone would have marked our frequent stops, or seen the way I clutched at the stones to keep from falling; I would not have any think the people of Gondor to be unfeeling. Yet when I most needed aid, it was not my own people who gave it. As we neared the fifth tier I could go no further, for of a sudden water rushed down my legs and I finally understood that the pain this time was what heralded the birth of the child. I near panicked. "Haleth! We must stop; I fear I need more help than you can give." The boy turned wide, frightened brown eyes on me. "What can I do?" "I know not! I am no healer, I am no mother yet!" I felt badly for yelling at him, but the fear was consuming me. Where was Dunhal? Why had he not come home? Should he not be present for this? Oh! Let death not have taken him! By some miracle, we were near to an abandoned guard station that had not collapsed during the siege. Into the base of this house Haleth led me, for my own Dunhal had once worked here and let the boy stay with him when the day seemed peaceful enough. The guards slept here sometimes when their duty was long, so I was able to lie on a bed in the back room. There I stayed for a moment, unable to think through pain and fear. Haleth stayed at my side, looking about the room for some help. All that was left was a blanket, which he lay over me all the same. At this, I finally cleared my head enough to think of what needed to be done. I could not stop the babe now that it had decided to come, and I did not think I could endure it on my own. "Haleth, run and find some help. I care not from who, just return quickly!" With a frightened little nod, Haleth scampered off and I was left on my own for many minutes. Later I would be told how Haleth ran through the streets, desperately trying to gain attention from someone, anyone . But he was so small and the people were engrossed in their own families and feelings. No one had time for a little boy or a silly girl in distress; no one even saw Haleth. That is, not until he had the luck to run straight into the one and only dwarf in Minas Tirith, who was only slightly taller than the boy. "What's this now, lad?" he said. "Have you gotten lost in all this mess?" Haleth stared for a moment, never having seen a dwarf before. He was even more stunned when the tall figure standing next to the dwarf bent to their level and offered the boy a gentle smile. Both of them were still covered in the grime of battle, but the taller one was the most beautiful creature Haleth had ever seen. "Do not be afraid, little one. The dwarf may look frightful, but the truth is that he has the heart of a cub." The dwarf had opened his mouth to protest, but a look from the elf stopped him. "My name is Legolas," said the fair one, "and this is Gimli. What is yours?" "H-Haleth," the boy managed to stutter. "Well then, Haleth, shall we be lost together? We have not been in this city long, and I am afraid we have taken a wrong turn. We are meant to be at the Houses of Healing; perhaps you are as well?" said