Disclaimer: Don't own LOTR, but I down own the three OCs in this. Summary: When elves are neither old nor young, family reunions can get confusing for the onlookers. Currently this is a one-shot, but I'm considering continuing this and/or writing some stories which include these characters and give some of their background. Enjoy! A Family Affair Merry and Pippin shared one of the benches set around the center of the Court of the Fountain, watching with some amusement as the big folk prepared for the arrival of what Bilbo may have called "guests of particular magnificence." Merry looked up to the balcony where two curly-haired figures could be seen and waved until they returned the gesture. Although Sam and Frodo were still recovering, they had been deemed well enough to move from the Houses of Healing to a room in the citadel itself, so long as they remained there and followed strict orders from Aragorn. Sam seemed to have regained a great deal of strength for this day. The hobbit's excitement radiated from him like sunbeams; it lent strength to Frodo, and warmed the hearts of all gathered in the courtyard. Only two things could send the mild-mannered gardener into such a state: Rosie Cotton, who was far away in the Shire, and the presence of elves. Looking around, Merry noted that the hobbits were not the only ones with a palpable anticipation for the Eldar. Faramir, Eomer, and most of the human dignitaries who had been sent out to greet the elves appeared nearly beside themselves with nerves. They paced, they pulled at their clothes, they muttered to themselves, and then tried to pretend they were far more composed than the others. Aragorn had been called away quite suddenly by Gandalf on some kingly duty, and would be unable to greet his guests personally. As steward, then, poor Faramir was the chief official. Even the presence of Eowyn, who appeared completely unruffled, failed to calm him for any sufficient length of time. On the other end of the scale, Legolas and the twins were practically bouncing. Word had it that there would be representatives from every elven kingdom in the party, and the three warriors hoped some of their family would be a part of it. None of them had truly thought they would survive to see their loved ones again. Legolas in particular had never gotten the chance to say goodbye in person, as he had expected to return to Mirkwood after the council was over. He occasionally wrung his hands and looked out toward the sea, but a gruff word from the dwarf at his side always set him smiling again. Gimli was the most surprising candidate to await elves and take such clear joy in their coming; well, clear to those who knew him. He made snide comments every so often that sent the dignitaries into fits, but rarely were his remarks sharpened and they were never against an elf who was not present. Occasionally he brushed a hand over his breast, and Merry was fairly certain he knew what was hidden beneath Gimli's tunic, tucked within a golden locket. "Admit it, Master Dwarf," Legolas smirked, "you are gladly waiting out here, when you could be sleeping in this morning, on behalf of the elves." "I am not gladly waiting, I'm just waiting!" Gimli growled. "And even if I was glad to be out here, waiting on some fool elves who think they can take their sweet time riding here while we waste a perfectly good morning, it is only for one elf! Perhaps the only elf with good sense, excepting her granddaughter!" The twins rearranged themselves on either side of the dwarf and leaned in close. "Gimli, you do realize that such connections make Lady Galadriel our grandmother as well?" said Elladan. Gimli opened his mouth, closed it, opened it again, and eventually settled on crossing his arms and grumbling to himself. Legolas laughed, then raced to the very edge of the courtyard and leapt upon the wall preventing the unwary from falling. This made several of the guards start toward him in alarm, and both Merry and Pippin stood up. Elrohir put out his hand to stop them with an amused smile. "He will do himself no harm. Or at least, he will have the good sense to fall back our way!" The hobbits looked at one another, not entirely reassured; they had seen their elven companion perform many great feats of balance, but there was something about standing at the edge of the top tier of Minas Tirith that seemed to preclude disaster. Pippin, especially, could not forget the way Denethor had gone, and a look at Faramir told him that the new steward had not forgotten either. "Legolas, come down from there!" Elladan called. "It will not get them here any faster. Besides, you are upsetting our friends." Legolas took a last look over the edge before jumping back onto the stone of the courtyard. "Perhaps not, but I feel as though my heart will burst if they do not arrive soon. They are not even at the gates yet!" Pippin laughed, "Surely our company has not been that terrible!" "Forgive me," said Legolas, "that is not what I meant. It is only that I am eager for news, at least, of my home. You know of the battles that took place in the North, and that Dol Guldur was finally captured by Lady Galadriel." "Of course we do," said Merry, "you told us that night you and Gimli were celebrating, and you went through two whole barrels of wine! Gimli started singing and…" "Hold there lad," said Gimli, turning a little red behind his beard. "I have been reminded of that story quite often enough already. The point is, we are all worried about what has become of our own families. Dol Guldur was not defeated without a hefty price." Gimli and Legolas shared a look that made Merry sure they knew something more than they were letting on, but before he could ask one of the sentries called out, "Open the gates! The Elven Lords have arrived!" The weighty discussion was forgotten as hobbits, elves, dwarf, and humans raced to the walls so that they could see down to the gate. Below them, many of the city's residents lined the streets to watch as the elves made their way up to the citadel, bearing flowers and wide-eyed children hoisted on their shoulders. The gates parted to reveal a great host, fair horses bearing a fairer company of elves from Rivendell, Lothlorien, Mirkwood, and the Grey Havens. As they maneuvered through the streets of the city, the people threw flowers ahead of them, creating a colorful carpet over the stones for their horses to walk upon. They bowed as the elves passed, the braver ones calling out for blessings or favors. The elves never paused, although the two who led them, one in white and the other in blue, raised their hands over the gathered crowd and offered their prayers. They dismounted at the sixth level at the request of the head of the stables, who seemed baffled when he found that most of the horses wore no tack. A mere word from their masters sent the horses to find their own spaces in the main stable. From here, Merry could see that it was Elrond and Galadriel who led the company, alongside two other elves – a blonde male who had been at the Council of Elrond, dressed in the pale colors of the Grey Havens, and a dark-haired female, dressed in the greens of Mirkwood. Merry also recognized Lord Celeborn and Haldir from their stay in Lothlorien, as well as Glorfindel from Rivendell, who would have stood out even if his magnificent horse had not been covered in tiny, jingling, golden bells. As two guards led them to the seventh gate, those in the courtyard rushed back to their places by the white tree. Gimli began meticulously smoothing out his beard, occasionally turning an interesting shade of pink. He and the hobbits stood respectfully to one side, next to the bench Merry and Pippin had been sharing moments ago. Faramir made sure that the human nobles dispersed to the sides as well, while he stood with Legolas and the twins at the base of the steps. Somehow they all managed not to look quite as anxious as they had moments ago. At last, two guards of the citadel led the elven party between the stone statues and through the Court of the Fountain. Merry smiled when he heard Sam gasp from the balcony. They had lived in two different elven cities for a short while, but the gathered company of so many great elves was enough to awe any hobbit. A few unknown elves looked with similar wonder at the hobbits as they passed, and Glorfindel offered them a wink. They, along with Gimli and the humans, bowed low. Once they were all gathered in front of Faramir, the steward straightened and spoke. "Mae govannan, my lords and ladies; welcome to Minas Tirith." His tongue was smooth as ever. "I am Faramir, steward of Gondor. Lord Aragorn sends his deepest apologies that he could not greet you personally, but he is currently assisting Mithrandir in a most pressing matter. In his place, and from the bottom of my heart, we are honored to have you as guests." He went down on one knee, as did the twins and Legolas. Elrond stepped forward. "From what I understand, it is we who should bow to you." Following Elrond, every one of the elves bowed deeply with their hands over their hearts, the gesture garnering them much respect from the onlookers. "We are honored to be present for this beginning, as we end," said Galadriel, taking Celeborn's hand as she and the others rose. She smiled at Faramir, feeling the purity his brother had lost radiating from his soul. "Now, Lord Faramir, the majority of us would like to rest." Her gaze turned to her grandsons, and her smile widened. "There are those, however, who I doubt will wait any longer to greet those they have long missed." "Of course, my lady," Faramir replied with another slight bow. "Please, we have rooms prepared, and if you wish to rest you are most welcome to follow me." He started up the steps, followed by most of the elves. All but the most pretentious nobles returned as well, and when Merry looked up to wave at his friends, he saw Frodo and Sam turn wearily back into their room. So it was that only a few guards, the hobbits, and Gimli remained behind to witness Elladan and Elrohir nearly tackle Elrond to the ground with the strength of their joint embrace. Legolas, on the other hand, was on the receiving end of a similar hug. A male and female elf, both dressed in greens and browns that were richly embroidered, raced forward to greet him. Legolas' eyes went wide, and he could barely get out an exclamation of joy before they cut off his breath. The male, who looked very much like Legolas from where Merry was sitting, grinned and pulled on one of Legolas' braids. "Mae govannan, muindor. We heard you have been busy." Merry was distracted from the scene when Glorfindel walked up to them. "Well now, I am glad to see the two of you whole and hale." He put one hand on Merry's head and the other on Pippin's, then laughed. "Though it seems you have grown in the wrong direction for hobbits! I hear you fought some mighty battles, little ones." "We have fought," Merry admitted, "and found that fighting is not nearly so wonderful as we thought it might be. We are not great warriors like you, my lord." "Oh? I am not the slayer of the witch-king," he eyed Merry carefully for a moment, then ruffled