The Prancing pony was looking welcome as the rain pored down from the sky. She was soaked to the bone and she knew she had to get warm and be inside somewhere tonight. The warmth came towards her as she opened the door, letting her eyes adjust to the light. "What can I do for ya?" A large, rather chubby looking man looked at her from behind the tap. His eyes stood friendly, but there was a hint of nervousness about him. She did not blame him, for she would look kind of scary right now. "I am glad to be out of that blasted rain." She said as she put down her hood and shook the water off her cape. She smiled kindly at the man. "I would like some warm wine if you have it? And maybe a place to stay for the night." The man nodded. "I think I can arrange that. I have half a room for two coppers. But you do have to share." He looked at her reaction, but she did not mind. "I did not catch your name." "I did not give it, but I'm Ram." She could feel her head starting to fog up in the warm room and all she wanted was to sit down. He looked at her once more. "your one of them rangers aren't you?" Ram did not answer, she just looked at him. "A warm wine and a room it is. How about you sit down and I'll have Nob take you to your room when he gets back." Ram nodded as she walked further into the inn. She saw him the moment she walked into the commonroom. He was sitting in a dark corner, smoking his pipe. Ram breathed in deeply, she had not realized she had been holding it. She walked towards the corner and Strider had put down his long legs from the chair. "I did not expect you here." He said as she sat down. "I never meant to come this way." They looked at each other, measuring the other, Strider was the first to smile. "You look like a drowned cat." Ram smiled back. "So would you if you spend the last days in the rain and having to cross a swollen river." She sneezed. "And I think am getting a cold." "Do you have a room?" Strider suddenly looked a bit worried. "Yes I shared one." He examined her face, and a frown started to form. "Do you bring news?" Ram nodded, the warmth of the inn making her start to shiver in her wet clothes. The inn-keeper walked up to them, putting down the warm wine. "There you go Miss Ram." She gave him a weak smile. "Thank you." She grabbed the cup, warming her stiff cold hands on the warm cup. The steam twirled up against her face. Knowing it was hot, she took a sip anyway, feeling the warm liquid flow through her. "How about that room?" The inn-keeper looked at her tablecompagnion. "You can put her in mine Barliman." The innkeeper looked shocked "I don't think the..." "We know each other. Besides who else will be putt together with rangers?" Strider spoke calmly. Ram smiled up at the innkeeper. "I do not mind, and as you said, it is crowded tonight, with the rain and all." The large man sighed. "Alright, will you two be having supper?" She looked at Strider who nodded. "Yes please." He nodded and with that he left the table, to attend to the other guests. She put down her cup with care, before she started to shiver more intensely. Closing her eyes for a moment to get rid of the cloud that was forming in her mind. "Ram? Is everything well?" The worry was back in Striders voice. She opened her eyes, feeling the world turn around her. "I think I need to lay down for a moment." She said, as she got up from her chair. Her sudden movement caused her head to spin, and a haze of black filled her head. Two strong arms grabbed hold of her, and held her up as her vision returned. "Careful." His soft voice was filled with worry, but his strong arms were certain of themselves, guiding her to the hallway. Even though she had regained her footing he had not let go of her. They did not meet any other in the hallway towards the rooms, and Ram was glad for she did not want to explain what they were doing. He stopped at a door, looking closely at her. "Can you stand here for a moment?" "Yes." Ram said weakly as she leaned against the wall to make sure she stayed on her feet. He grabbed a key from his pocket and opened the door. It was a simple room, and there were two separate beds. His pack was laying near the fire, and his clothes were hanging out to dry. She walked in and sat down on one of the two chairs. "Let's get you warm and into the bed." He spoke, putting a log on the fire. Ram nodded and started to take off her cape and wet clothes. Her hands were failing on the knot of her cape, as her vision blurred when she looked at it. Strider saw her struggle, and his hands softly grabbed hers. "Let me help you." He said as he knelled down in front of her. Ram felt a bit embarrassed as he helped her undress like a child. But she was unable to do it herself. Not with her stiff fingers and the spinning of her head. As they reached her underclothes he stopped, and helped her in the bed. There he took off her wet tunic, covering her carefully with a warm thick blanket. "Are you warm enough?" he asked as he sat on the edge of the bed. Ram already felt warmer then she had with her wet clothes on. And she was drifting away. "Yes." She said softly. "Then sleep." She heard his warm voice, and with that she drifted off into the warmth. She did not know how long it took for her to open her eyes. But she saw Strider cooking things on the fire. It smelled good. The next time she woke up she had to drink something, and then she sank away in a dreamless sleep again. Ram woke up feeling a bit better then last night, but she was still unable to sit up without making her head spin. She guessed it was about to be morning, for the light was shining through the shutters. She heard two people talking in the hallway. It was Strider and the inn keeper. "I know Barliman, I am telling you. You can see for yourself, she is sick." There was a silence. "I have never in the long years I come here been any trouble for you. I am asking only this of you. And I will pay you for it." Strider sounded a bit desperate to Ram, making her blush for getting him in trouble. "I don't have problems with you being in there with another ranger, even if she is a woman. But Strider they are talking." The Inn-keeper sounded sincere to her. "They have always been talking about me Barliman. One gossip more or less." She could hear a chuckle in Striders voice. "But it will harm her reputation." He tried one more time. Even though she felt sick, Ram had to laugh, making start to cough again. Her fellow ranger did laugh. "She is a ranger from the North, her reputation was ruined from the beginning. But thank you for your concern." "Can I get you anything?" The innkeeper sounded a bit defeated. "Breakfast would be nice. Thank you." Strider walked back in, looking at her. "Good you are awake." Ram nodded, "How are you feeling?" "A bit better."She pulled up her nose. Strider put his hand on her forehead. It was less cold this time. "Your fever has dropped. It was good I came to you when I did. I am not sure if you would get through the night." He gave her a dark look. "Have you not been taught better then that?" Ram felt a dull pain inside her, but it did not came from being sick. "When one is in great hurry, she sometimes forgets her own boundaries." She whispered, looking away from his scoulding eyes. "What is so important that you would risk becoming sick?" He spoke agitated Ram closed her eyes trying to get her mind in order. "News." He glared at her. "What news?" His voice was harsh, and she could count the times on one hand he sounded like that. Ram looked at her friend, feeling anger flame up inside her. The muscles of her jaw tightened, as she kept her lips closed. Two grey eyes flamed at her, and for a moment there was a struggle of power between them. But Ram's mind was clouded and she soon closed her eyes, laying her head against the headboard of the bed. "Please Strider, you know what news I bring, and it is not good." She opened her eyes again, suddenly she lost all hope and strength she had inside her. Darkness was coming to the world, and she did not know how to stop it. Strider must had read her face, for he softly grabbed her hand. "I am frightened." Ram whispered, as she bit her lower lip in her moment of weakness. Strider looked at her intensely and was about to say something when there was a knock on the door. "Breakfast!" Nob entered the room with a plate filled with food. "Master Barlimen wishes the miss good health and put in some extra fruit." He smiled at her and Strider. "Thank you Nob." Strider answered softly. "Anything else sir?"The hobbit asked friendly "Not for now, but I will be gone later, can you keep an eye on the miss?" Nob looked at her, measuring if she was any danger. But then pitty filled his eyes. "Sure sir. Will do. Goodbye Sir, Miss." He walked out, leaving the two behind. "Let's see if you can hold anything." Strider handed her a biscuit as he took a bite from an apple. His eyes lingering on her face as she recovered herself. "We have to leave tomorrow. So get the rest you can get." "We?" Strider looked at her. "Ram, I can not let you go through the wild alone when you are still not well. I will take you to Rivendell." As they had eaten, Strider walked to the fire and pored a cup. "Here, you will sleep. It is the best remedy. I will be back later." Ram nodded and drank, already feeling woozy. Darkness was surrounding her, and in the distance, she heard the sounds of a horse. The man screaming sent her into action, but the darkness was slowing her down, pulling her back with invisible arms. She wasn't sure she was even moving, but the scream became louder, before it suddenly died. A white face suddenly was in front of her, his eyes black as the dark, and a crown on top of his head. Ram pulled herself up straight, panting to catch her breath. It was getting darker and colder in the room as the fire was slowly dying out, and the shutters were still closed. She sheltered her face with her hands as tried to recapture herself. The door went open with a large bang and made Ram jump. On instinct she had grabbed a knife she hid in her shirt. She lowered it as she saw who was in the doorway. Strider lowered his sword and relaxed a bit. Ram snickered at the shameful look he gave her. "That is one way to enter a woman's bedroom." She said, making her fellow ranger turn a bit less pale. He