Chapter One MARILYN'S POV I have come to a conclusion. It's a very enlightening feeling, coming to a conclusion. It feels as if the weight of the world has just been plucked from your shoulders, leaving you gasping in relief. Not quite so overly dramatic as that, of course, but still enlightening, nevertheless. Coming to a conclusion is a skill. One must evaluate all the facts, think about plausible evidence clearly and calmly without emotion, and then weigh in the occasional bout of emotion to add vigor and passion to your conclusion. I must say I am a bit guilty of adding more emotion than necessary, but then again, I was never one for rationality. It is much easier when you have the red haze of anger to obscure you from the verisimilitude of a situation. Part of making a conclusion is being honest with oneself, and, after giving it much thought (twelve hours, to be precise, as I spent all night thinking) I am very certain that I may have actually achieved rationality this time. Perhaps I was not the most straightforward, or logical, but in my brain overridden with pent-up emotion, I think I achieved rationality assuming my position on the matter. So. Yes. I think I have come to a conclusion, indeed. I could, of course, ramble on for a while longer with all the thought processes that ran through my demented, deranged brain in serious need of medical help, but then of course that would be very tedious and most likely take another twelve hours. I do have things to do- surprisingly enough. So. As I see it, my conclusion stands thus far- I, Marilyn Jackson, well and truly hate my father. This is a conclusion that has come to me over time. And, regardless of what my inane trains of thought have led some to believe, I am not some whiny girl protesting her father prohibiting her from watching television until three a.m. I will admit to being whiny, but I'm not about this situation. It's not as if I haven't tried, either. I have. Really. I try to smile into his cold eyes overtaken by some hardship I know nothing about. I try to crack jokes at our dinners thick with awkward conversation; try to percolate some degree of humor into the situation. The only thing I get from him is frowns. Grimaces and dismay at me. Glaring at me sharply, cracking his crab with the utensils with vehemence. I honestly don't know what I've done to cause his hatred for me. It's simply not fair. When I ask my gran about it (she did raise the boy, after all) she just shakes her head sadly. She's so unlike Father- so full of life, happiness, and just a general aura of energy. Her blue eyes have permanent crinkles around them from the countless times a smile has breached her lips. Gran is really my only family, now that I think about it. Whenever Father goes away for some odd business meeting, the instant answer is 'go to Gran's house'. Gramps is excellent, too. Though he's not Father's dad (not hard to see why not, with all that kindness radiating off of him) he treats me like a grandchild by relation. The sick thing is, I do believe I may have reached another conclusion. Conclusion #2: I like my grandparents more than my immediate family. Conclusion #3: When you would much rather spend time with your extended family that you know and love far better than your Father, you know you have a problem. I'm going to stop with the conclusions now. They're giving me a headache and I really don't appreciate the sadistic turn they've taken. As my brain goes on this torrential rain of thoughts, I stare at my ceiling mindlessly until a knock comes at my door. "Hmm?" I mumble, sitting up straight. "Miss Jackson, your family is waiting in the parlor. Are you ready, or shall I tell them you aren't ready?" I groan and curse under my breath as I lean my head against the wall. Crap. Just lovely, really. I completely forgot that today was going-out day. I suppose it's a tradition of sorts, going-out day. Ever since I was around five years old, Gran got into a rather heated argument with Father. I still remember eavesdropping, crouched into the dumbwaiter in our three-story brick colonial. "Honestly, Percy. I understand you're hurting, but it's been three years, for gods' sakes," Gran said heatedly. "You don't understand!" Father shouted. "You don't get any of it!" "Or do I," Gran said coolly. "From my understanding, I raised you alone for a very long period of time. You don't even manage to take Mari out once a month." "You knew he was still alive, Mom." Father's voice broke. "Anna- she's gone. Forever." "That does not change the fact that there is a girl in this house, Perseus Jackson!" There was a long pause. "I don't think that Mari has ever even been to the museum. She's a good girl, Perce. Full of energy. Give her a chance." "Fine! You say I can't even take her out once per month?" Father challenged, his voice disputatious. "I can. Just you see." "I will," Gran replied, her voice full of challenge. Thus began the Jackson going-out days. Gran, Gramps, Father and I all pile into Gramps's old BMW. Which, by the way, is a very cool car. Very vintage, exceptionally awesome. Fantastic. My nursemaid, Jenny, waits for me. I sigh exasperatedly. "I forgot, sorry. How- how bad is-" I ventured, afraid to say the word 'Father'. Jenny chuckles. "He looks like he might chop off someone's head today, Miss Jackson." I grimace. "Just- give me a moment, please." I scramble quickly. Ah, here's the pair of jeans from Friday. I barely wore them for the whole day, anyway. My t-shirt from my pajamas- yes, that'll do. It's not like Father cares about my appearance. Where are my Nikes? Ah, here they are. That's about how my dressing went. I put my hair up in a sloppily made bun, cursing my blonde curls for the millionth time. Honestly. I really don't know where I get this reckless hair; though I think it's from my mom's side- Father never said. I always look at his somewhat tame dark hair and sigh wistfully. If only, if only. I race down the stairs, a bundle of ungraceful limbs. I curse loudly and vehemently, knowing my grandparents would be appalled. " Marilyn Jackson !" Sometimes I surprise myself. I turn towards Gran with a wince in my face. The evidence of a stream of very nasty words is written all over my face, I know, and I grin sheepishly, trying unsuccessfully to tame my hair. "Yes, Gran?" I ask sweetly. "Language, young lady!" she reprimands, and I sigh, properly scolded. Honestly. I'm not that bad. Besides the fact, of course, that I pick up the swears from her son. "Sorry, Gran, really," I mumble, ripping my hair out of its unorthodox ponytail and attempting for the tenth time to tame it. After a while of watching me struggle, Gran sighs. "Stop, Lynnie. Please. You're destroying that lovely head of hair that you have." I quirk my mouth in distaste. "The hair may be lovely, but it hates me. I mean it, Gran, I really do. It has it out for me. I'm pretty sure it's leading a conspiracy with my growth." I'm only five feet. And I'm also in eighth grade. I don't want to be a midget, really, I don't. It's just the conspiracy of my body parts. Gran just sighs. "Alright, drama queen." "I mean it!" I pronounce indignantly. "My hair has it out for me! It is killing me, slowly but surely, and you're standing there- OW, Gran, that HURT! - brushing the living life out of it, only making it angrier!" Gran stops, turning to face me. Her eyes hold a bemused expression. "Marilyn." I scowl. "Please don't call me that, Gran. I really hate the name." "Lynnie, then," she dismisses with a wave of her hand. "What?" "You're screaming at your grandmother about your hair, who apparently has a conspiracy with your height." Oh. Um. You see- -Nope. Not going to try and explain that mess. I really question my mental sanity sometimes. "Sorry, Gran," I say sheepishly. Gran just smiles. "You're so much like her, sometimes." "Who?" I query, flabbergasted. My grandmother gets a faraway look in her eye. "No one." "Gran," I protest. "Enough of that," she smiled, nearly ripping out my whole hair with the brush. Evil killing machines, brushes. "We're taking you into Boston today." Ah, the live of Marilyn Jackson. Filled with evil hair (/brushes), sadistic grandmothers, wisecracking grandfathers, and, of course, thy hatred's name is father. Hmm. Rather busy, isn't it? WILL'S POV Bash. Bash. Bash. This is the sound my head makes as it collides painfully with the wall. Bash. Bash. Bash. " William Grace, stop banging your head on your wall this very instant!" Thanks, Mom. Love you too. Mean it. I continue to bang my head against the wall anyway. My life is an unpleasant dilemma of various paradoxes, none of which are even remotely pleasant. With my parent's new 'startling' revelation, I must admit I am thoroughly incandescent. "Omigod, just stop it, Willie! You're being so annoying!" My younger sister, Janie, called from her room. I disregarded her as well. All three of my siblings could come in and bellow at me to stop being a bitch, but that didn't mean I was going to comply. Jason was away on a business trip, leaving Piper Grace to deal with four children with the aid of a nanny. Who, at present, was on her day off. You could say many things about this situation, ranging from full veracity to complete falseness imagined by only Piper herself. For example, if one wanted to lie, you could say that Piper was handling it exceptionally well. But, of course, if one were to actually speak the verity of the situation, you would indeed find that Piper Grace was doing a horrible job with Caroline, William, Janie, and Reid Grace. Disastrous, catastrophic- those words were closer to the verisimilitude. " Gods, William Lucas Grace, stop it this very instant or I am CALLING YOUR FATHER! " Piper screamed from down in the kitchen, where she was trying to instruct their new cook on mac n' cheese, a food that children would eat (as opposed to Chinese duck. Piper and Jason found it delicious, the children found it distasteful. They were caught trying to sneak potato chips out of the safeguarded kitchen at midnight the evening of the unpalatable meal). I stopped, considering this. Piper didn't scare me. Second-oldest out of the children in the family, he was outranked only by his sister; Caroline, and she was too absorbed in her iPod to really notice much of anything. A typical sophomore, actually. My younger sister, Janie, was a brat in all ways possible- the third grade teachers actually voiced a complaint about her wisecracks in the middle of class. And Reid, youngest, still a kindergartener- well. He was innocent yet. I was in eighth grade, tall and brown haired, with that Native American look from my mother. Though I looked most like Piper, my personality was somewhere in the middle. Janie joked that I had an identity crisis. The sad part is, it was actually true. Though Piper didn't scare me, as I had the proper strapping conduct of any boy my age, Jason certainly did. Though Jason Grace was the perfect image of a blonde, joking, kind father, he had a dark side that showed when his children went to the dark side. Darkness fought with darkness. And, needless to say, Jason Grace won twenty times out of ten. I groaned, stopping. " FINE !" I shouted, punching his wall.