"Why did he have to be an Auror?" Ginny thought to herself as she practically flew through Saint Mungo's. The 21 year old woman had received word that her husband had been taken to the wizarding hospital after a mission gone wrong, but had been given no more information than that. She hadn't even bothered contacting anyone else, something she knew she'd get a few earfuls for, but had instead dropped everything and run. As she entered the room she'd been told by reception he was staying in, she took in the sight of the love of her life, standing, perfectly healthy looking and speaking with a Healer. "Oh Harry," she said, jumping into his arms and holding him tight "they wouldn't tell me what happened, are you alright?" "I'm fine love," Harry murmured "Physically he's untouched," the healer piped up "Mrs Potter?" "Yes," Ginny replied. "I'm Healer Knox," she continued "As for why he's here well, its the most unusual thing I've ever encountered." "I was on a mission," Harry said "hunting down a wizard experimenting with highly volatile and expressly forbidden magic. He was attempting to open a nexus to magic itself, to enter into its realm. Ron and I stopped him, but in the process, I kinda fell though that portal." "What came out is why he's here," Healer Knox continued and then called out "Mr. Potter!" The door to the other room opened and in walked five more Harrys, each completely identical. Ginny's eyes widened and her mouth gaped as she took in the sight of six Harrys, twelve emerald eyes looking at her with trepidation. "H...how?" Ginny asked. "We don't know," Knox replied "I've looked them over and they're all in perfect health." "The Unspeakables are researching it, but Croaker sounds more baffled than I've ever heard him," the Harry she'd been speaking to replied. "Which one of you is the original?" Ginny asked. "I'm the first one who came back," the Harry she'd been talking to said "but none of us are sure. We all have all our memories." Ginny was stunned and before she realized it, was sitting down on the bed. "Healer Knox, you're sure they're okay?" she asked. "Perfectly," she replied "in fact, I was about to discharge them when you walked in." "Like I said, the Unspeakables are looking into it, but this isn't a problem for Saint Mungo's," Harry said. "This does leave us with the problem of where we're all staying though," one of the other Harrys commented. "Nonsense," Ginny replied automatically "Grimmauld Place is our home. That hasn't changed just because there are more of you." Six identical heart warming smiles served as her answer and made her own heart flutter. She left in the company of the six identical versions of her husband to their home, her mind awash with questions of what could come next. "What do you suppose we should call you all?" Hermione asked "its not as if you can all just answer to Harry and keeping you numbered just seems rude." That question shook Ginny out of her reverie. All their friends and family had piled into the old Black family house to check on Harry. She had sat there as they all went on and on but would be lying if she said she was paying attention. Once the initial shock and concern had passed and once she was sure that Harry was more or less alright, her mind had turned to the future and how what had happened would affect their lives. 'What if they couldn't be made one again?' That was the one question that kept plaguing her and a host of ideas she felt guilty about even considering were playing havoc with her mind. "Well I suppose Harry-one can remain Harry," Ginny commented "aside from that we have Harold, Harrison..." "What about Hadrian?" Ron asked. "Honestly Ronald how would you get Harry from Hadrian?" Hermione asked. "Good point" Ron shrugged. Hermione looked surprised for a moment but let that go. The pair of them had made great progress since their breakup a couple years back and now mostly just behaved like they used to. "We'll figure out what to call each other eventually," one of the other Harrys commented "right now I think we all need to just figure out what our new normal is really going to be." "I guess I'll leave you to it then," Hermione said "I'm here if any of you need me." With that she hugged Ginny and each of the Harrys before departing. "Guess I better go too," Ron commented "sorry again about all this." "It's not you're fault," the Harrys replied in unison before looking at each other bemusement. "It really isn't," Harry-one replied "I took a stupid risk and I paid for it. I'm just glad I wasn't more seriously hurt." "You and me both," Ginny said, hugging him. She noticed the other Harry's looked uncomfortable for a moment and could guess what they were thinking. "Right well, I'll leave you to it," Ron said, taking off himself. They had been the last to stay and though Ginny genuinely appreciated the support from everyone, she was glad to be alone with her husbands, even if she was kind of dreading this conversation. Harry had been away for two days and it had long been tradition for them to get 'reacquainted' whenever they'd been apart for more than a standard workday. That she'd been in her off season had made the possibilities there even greater. The thing was though, having six Harrys around hadn't diminished her desires in the least, rather it had magnified them. "Where do we go from here?" one of the Harrys asked. "Took the words right out of my mouth," commented another. "Of course, we're the same bloody person," yet another snarked. "Are we?" asked the first to speak. "That's what I'm wondering," Ginny muttered. "Hmm?" one of the Harry's asked. "Well you don't all speak in unison which is great," Ginny said. "We can," they said. "You aren't a hive-mind though, you've all you're own minds," Ginny said "if this turns out to be permanent, you could go live any life you want." "I don't want any life but the one I have with you!" they all exclaimed. "That life is mine I'm Harry," Harry-one insisted, "We're all every bit the Harry that you are!" another spat. "Actually none of you are very hairy," Ginny quipped. Despite themselves, they all smirked at that. "What if we share our life then?" Ginny asked. They all just raised an eyebrow in unison. That it was the same eyebrow made it seem even weirder. "There are some things we can't share," one of the Harry's said. "What if we could?" Ginny asked. "You want us to work out a schedule or something?" one of them asked incredulously. Ginny's heart hammered in her chest as she forced herself to reply. "Let's be honest, its been days and we always have been highly sexed," she began "we're all thinking the same thing. My question is, what if we were all together?" The Harrys looked stunned at her. Pressing on despite her fear of what they'd think, Ginny continued "you are the only man I've ever loved, in truth the only man I've ever desired. That there are six of you now hasn't changed that at all. What if the seven of us go upstairs, expand our bedroom, and make love until we can't move? There I said it." Each Harry there felt his mouth go dry and cock grow hard. "You want us..." "to run a..." "train on you?" Ginny was far too gone in her fantasy by that point to care that three of her Harrys had just twin-spoke. "Yes," Ginny breathed, preparing for the worst. The pair had never had anything less than a terrific sex life and had been open to all manner of experimentation over the years. The one thing she'd never even thought to asking about was other men though, both because after having Harry she doubted she'd ever want one and because Harry was slightly possessive. It was never in an overt or bad way, but she knew nothing got him hotter than when she praised him for being beyond what any other man could be and cried out that he owned her in bed. It was all in fun but she'd never doubted for a second that he'd object to seeing her with anyone else far more than she would for him, not that he had ever inquired about other women. With this though, they were all Harry, all of them the man that she had promised to stand with in sickness and in health and then had promised that he owned her cunt while he'd had her bent over a desk in their honeymoon suite and was doing his level best to drive her mad. She doubted that argument would work if they objected though. Instead of the rebuke she feared though, she got twelve gorgeous green eyes, darkened by lust staring at her. She felt her already wet pussy soak her panties under their combined gaze. "Are you sure?" one of them asked, walking behind her and gripping her waist. "Do you really think that's a good idea?" another asked. "You know you've never been able to say when once we've started." "The horny little minx that you are." "Don't you think this might be too much for you?" "We'd understand if you wanted to back out." Their voices had deepened as they spoke, clearly turned on by the idea as much as she was. By the time they were done they surrounded her, six six-foot men with powerful frames from years of Auror training hidden beneath their robes and lust filled eyes that had never failed to make her wet. At five foot four Harry had always towered over her but she had never felt so dwarfed by him as she did in that moment. She knew if she said yes, they would destroy her tonight and fuck if the idea didn't make her hornier than she'd ever been in her life. "We...we have stamina potions," she stammered, her lust addled mind already making her almost pant in desire "I had planned on us both taking one to enhance our fun tonight anyway." "You might want to take them both," the Harry's said in unison. In that moment she was sure the faintest touch would make her go off like a rocket. "Sounds like a plan," she breathed. She squealed as one of them picked her up, put her over his shoulder like a caveman and took off upstairs with the others. The other five got to work expanding the room and bed while the one that had carried her, set her down on the bed and snogged her soundly. She returned the kiss with equal passion, tangling her fingers in his perpetually messy raven locks and moaning like a wanton whore into his hungry mouth. He settled between her legs and started grinding his hard length against her weeping sex through their clothes. As turned on as she was, it didn't take much of this to get her off, burying her face in his neck and crying out as she did so. "Merlin," one of them commented. "Haven't seen her this turned on since we played her chamber fantasy," another piped up. Ginny kissed along his neck as she came down from her high, smiling at the memory. Some months back, they had role played what she figured would have happened had they both been older when he rescued her from the Chamber of Secrets. It had easily been the best sex they'd ever had, though she had a slight suspicion tonight would top it. Harry pulled himself off a red-faced, panting Ginny and grinned down at her. "Such a horny, naughty girl," he teased. "I don't mean to be