Chapter 1: Once Upon a December A storm was coming. For days it had lingered on the horizon, the largest of the many winter storms that had plagued the Rangers of the North for months. They had hoped for a time that this one might yet avoid them, hoped it would simply dwindle away and spare them the misery of hiking through many feet of snow. But a numbing, north wind had sprung up and sent the storm billowing towards the tiny settlement. Now, as night swallowed this home of the Rangers, all was still and tension thickened the air until it fairly snapped. Without warning a rolling Crack! of thunder shattered the quiet. A moment later, the sound still ringing through the trees, a strangled gasp also broke the stillness. The elf bolted upright on her pallet, her breath coming in rasping bursts as she struggled not to cry out and wake those who had so generously opened their home. A sudden gust of wind shook the rafters. The elf started, hissing quietly as she wearily leaned her head against the wall and closed her eyes. Everything was a nightmare. Everything reminded her of him. Blood, death, and aching memories danced through her head, whether waking or sleeping, and there was no relief. There would never be relief, the elf knew, until this was over and peace had come. Until she could put her guilt to rest. Her eyes sprang open suddenly and she rose, pulling on soft shoes before slipping out the door. But outside was little better. The storm had crashed upon them in a fury, lightening lit the sky and hail rattled on the rooftops. Tall torches sputtered bravely in the gale. To the elf, as she stumbled from the clearing into the trees, it all echoed the chaos in her heart. Even the once-comforting forest seemed to scream, Guilty! Guilty! If only he had not been there. The elf sank to her knees in the wet grass, pelted by ice and numbing winds. She turned her face to the sky with a heavy heart when the truth, as always, whispered in her ear. If not for you . . . In that moment, temptation rose within her to blame the Rangers, to blame the entire race of men for the shattering of her world but no, this storm inside was only her doing. And so she stayed, unwilling to return to her bed of nightmares. How could it have come to this? she wondered. Only a month ago, all had been well. Only a month ago, she had been a captain of her people. Only a month ago, she had not borne such scars. Only a month ago they had not been at war. ~~ :. :. :. :. ~~ One Month Ago: T.A. December 2953 "Tam, Tam!" A clear voice rang across the clearing, belonging to a rather shaggy-looking elf with his dark hair cut short who stood just inside a blue and white tent. When his calls failed to have the desired effect, he sighed good-naturedly and strode out to meet the green-clad figure. Having just returned from another patrol, the score of elves that stood in the winter sun, grooming mounts and releasing them into the field, were battle-weary and sore. Still, though they would never admit it, they all enjoyed the pleasant bustle that greeted them upon the return. Content and satisfied with their work over the past weeks, each elf would stand a little straighter as they limped back to their homes and families. Once the last had ducked into his tent, the captain turned away. Immediately she was met with the brilliant blue eyes and cheerful face of her brother. "Come now, Tam," he admonished, "your ears are quite keen – you have not yet grown old and dull – I know you heard me shout. Is it that you are now too esteemed to even consider your poor, destitute kindred? Or perhaps you are becoming dull." With that the elf pulled such a face that he had the nearby youngsters laughing aloud. Tamuril stared at him for a long moment. His eternal grin was beginning to falter uncertainly when she at last favored him with a smile and a laugh. "Oh, Luke. Perhaps I don't miss you as much as I thought I did. I think I shall be going out with the next patrol as well . . ." "Ah, but by your own orders, none are allowed to take three patrols in a row – unless there is an emergency, of course. I suppose you are now stuck with me. A captain cannot break her own orders, now can she?" "Hmm. This captain holds that this is indeed a grave emergency. Perhaps I should leave at once." Tamuril began to rise and walk past, but Luke caught her arm. Again she turned to face him, and not a moment later they were laughing and embracing each other. Together they strode slowly towards the blue and white tent of the healers. The two could clearly be seen as siblings - both had dark, nearly black hair and bright blue eyes that seemed to glow at times. They bantered easily as they walked. "I should hardly call your coat a healer's robe. When will you ever stop wearing it? It is ancient!" "It hardly matters what a healer wears, so long as he can heal. This happens to be my robe of honor, dear sister, bestowed upon me for my skill and my charm – at the very least it keeps me warm. How were the patrols? You have been gone long and must have a great many stories." "I'm afraid my stories are dark and grim. Orcs and all evil things are growing stronger. We attack when we can and often attempt to aid the Rangers, but there seems little we can do. If things grow worse we may have to break camp and move on. Although, I should hate to leave evil to it's will." As they ducked through the entrance, a sudden flurry of activity alerted them to a dire situation. Through the chaos, the two caught a glimpse of a red-haired elf lying on a thin bed, blood staining the sheets and many of the healers' hands. Alarmed, Tamuril pulled a young maiden aside. "Who here is injured? It was my belief that no one suffered any serious harm. What happened?" she asked, intense blue eyes looking frantically for an explanation. A tad frightened, the young one answered promptly, "I-I'm sorry, Captain. It's Forlong. He only had a shallow wound, but the sword that cut him was covered in rust. It-it's inside him now. We don't have the right medicine to cure him. We-we've run out." Seeing how her voice quavered, Tamuril forced herself to relax and gave the maiden a small smile, kneeling in front of her and taking her hands. "Calm now, Nonna. Calm. You have done wonderfully. What medicine do you need?" ~~ :. :. :. :. ~~ "Tamuril! Listen to me, Tam! You cannot go! Can your eyes not see the rain coming? You have only just returned and are weary. I will go!" Luke followed at his sister's heels as she swiftly saddled a horse for her journey. "I am older, Tam, are you listening? I am a healer! It is better that I go –" "Luke!" Tamuril rounded on him suddenly. "You are a healer – that is why I need you to stay. You must keep Forlong alive until I return! Seregon does not grow here, but Caffery has always had a supply. I need to go now or he will surely die. Please," her eyes searched his as she held him at arms length. His gaze burned into he, and she sighed, turning quickly away. Luke held his ground unflinchingly. "Caffery is a village of men, Tam. Strange things have been entering that town of late, and they have not left. You are not rested. There are other healers, let me go with you at the least." Hugging him to her, Tamuril shook her head and pulled away. "One rider is quicker. The men of Caffery have grown untrusting and guarded, they have refused to let any of us enter unless there is one and only one. Do not worry, Luke! I have made this journey many times." She favored him with a smile she did not feel as she secured the last of her bags. The elf swung effortlessly into her saddle and clasped her brother's hand in farewell. With a click of her tongue, she was off, her mount's hooves making little sound on the brittle grass. Luke stared mournfully after her, brilliant blue eyes unusually dimmed. "But all it takes is one journey to change everything," he whispered. Anxious and determined, Tamuril pushed her horse hard. Night in the wilds of the North woodlands were unkind – even more so in the thick of winter. Numbing wind whipped around her, and she donned a hood to shield her face. A storm rose inside of her – Forlong had been her first friend when she had come to the Camp, and was affectionately know as 'Fox' for his quick mind and red hair. She shook her head with a grimace as guilt flooded her. Focusing intently on the drumming of hoofbeats, she tried but failed to lay aside the fact that, as their captain, she had been tasked with ensuring their wellbeing. Even as she had dressed the wound not three weeks past, she had not seen any sign of danger or infection, yet now both were upon him in force. Sitting up straight, she flung her arms out and shouted aloud to the trees, free to expel some of her anger and sorrow out here in the loneliness of the wild. Caffery was the only hope for her friend, the elf knew. And that was not entirely comforting. This village of men had once been a jewel – the only settlement like it in the wild North. But of late other men had come. Easterlings, servants of a great evil, had started to trickle in, and how were welcomed with open arms. While initially met with suspicion, they had proved to be handy in nearly any trade, and now the men of Caffery trusted these wicked folk more than any Ranger. Since the beginning of that time, Caffery had slowly closed to the outside. Travelers were not welcome and the town had become a dark place. The captain turned her face to the sky with a heavy heart as the first, freezing drops of rain fell from the clouds. She wound her way through the naked trees, traveling alongside a dried-out riverbed for a time, then the trees thinned out to reveal what her people call the Valley of Emerald. Here there was not a single blade of grass, only clovers. They coated the valley in a soft, glimmering coat of green no matter the season. Any other time, Tamuril would have come to a halt and soaked in the serenity of this glorious place, but need drove her on, and she did not stop until the gates of Caffery loomed on the horizon. ~~ :. :. :. :. ~~ The sound of the horse's hooves rang out as the path became a neat, cobblestone walkway. Still the rain poured from the sky, having thoroughly soaked everything not indoors. Night had fallen and Tamuril was bitterly cold. With some relief she halted before the iron gates and called up to the watchman on the wall. A crash sounded as the man jolted awake, and, rather belligerently, he shouted back down, "We don't allow travelers in after dark. Find a hole to bury y'self in for the night - mayhap we'll consider letting you in tomorrow. G'night now." With that he nearly managed to sink sleepily out of sight behind the wall again, but