Unbreakable Love Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Characters they all belong to the Twilight author. Author's Note: This is my first story in a log time, I haven't been able to find a Beta so i apologize for any mistakes, if someone is interested in helping me with this story, send me a PM. Okay I am nervous I hope you guys enjoy it Waiting for my husband, to come home after a night of patrol and have him come inside the house smelling like her, is not what I pictured when I imagined my life as a happily married woman. But who I am fooling, I am not happy, Jake doesn't love me and he barely tolerates me for the sake of the tribe and to keep his father happy. He loves her, he needs her and he hates me. This is my reality and in a way I guess I have learned to accept it. This started because of a dream that a crazy stubborn old man had about his son marrying a Quileute woman, becoming the chief of la push and giving him grandkids. I have no idea who told Billy black, that I would be the perfect wife for his son and those grandkids he wants I highly doubt he will get them. Jake barely touches me these days and knowing that he is thinking about her when we are in bed is not exactly a huge turn on for me. It wasn't always this way, at the beginning of our marriage, things were different, he was kind, loving, funny, we enjoyed our company, ate together, watched movies, made love or at least I thought it was love but then things changed. He came home one night and told me that the Cullen's were back and that Renesmee was home and all grown up. I remember asking him if this changed anything but he said no, we were married and he was happy and kissed me. That was the end of my happy marriage, after that day, he became a different person, cold, angry, frustrated, distant. Nothing I did was good, he would stay out late, sometimes he didn't come home, sex became something he was forced to do and then one night he came home really late and when he climbed into our bed, he smelled like vampire and sex, I couldn't believe it so I waited until he fell asleep and got up, got dressed and left the house. That was the first night I cried alone in the woods, the night I realized that Jacob was having sex with Renesnee. The sound of a closing door takes me out of memory lane and I get ready to face my husband who is back from being with her. I plaster a fake smile on my face and ask him how patrol was tonight and he responds with the same lie that he uses every night "It was long, I am tired and hungry" No kiss not even the courtesy of asking how I am doing or how was my day, nothing. I miss the friendship we used to have, the playful banter, the trust, the silly names but all of that ended a long time ago. Nights like these, make me wish I had ran and told them all to go to hell but my mother told me it was the right thing to do and that it was Sarah's and my Dad´s dream for our two families to unite and become one. Damn my mom always knew the words to say to get me to do what she wanted. I could never deny anything to my dad and Sarah was an amazing woman and such a sweet and kind lady to me and my family. I sealed my fate that day, when I agreed to become Leah Black. Talk about bad decisions and terrible choices that one was the worst. But I would have never fully agreed to it if Jacob had refused or told that he would resent me and treat me this way. No he lied he told me we would make this work, that he was going to give this marriage a real chance and that we would be happy. God I wish someone would have given me a Crystal ball that day, once glimpse into this future and I would have ran so fast and so far away from here. I watch him walk around the house like a caged animal, I know he hates living here with me and he wishes he didn't have to come home just to keep his father happy and healthy. He heads for the kitchen and I follow him, ready to be a good wife and give my husband his diner. He sits down at the table and waits for me to serve the food. I feel like one of those stepford wives and I hate it. I wish he would be attentive, kind, sweet but no that is never going to happen. Sometimes I wonder how I would react if he actually held me or kissed me, hell I would even be happy with a simple thanks for diner, but no that only happens in fairy tales and in happy marriages where the husband loves his wife. I wait for him to eat and hope that this night will end soon, so that I can go to bed and just sleep, I am so tired of this life. I watch him look at the plate like it offends him, he is a wolf, he should be devouring the food but instead he pushes the plate away from him, turns to look at me and I know that here comes the complaints. "Did you make this?" He asks, I turn around and reply yes and ask him why "It doesn't taste good, maybe you should get Emily to give you some cooking lessons" he answers. I don't respond, he knows that is a low blow comparing me to my damn cousin. I really don't know why it still hurts me, I should be used to this comments from him. He finally says he is not that hungry and that he will go to bed. I wish I could just let him go to bed and be done with this night and I know I will regret asking him this but his father already called twice and I don't want to deal with the old man again. So I take a deep breath and follow him. "Hey Jake this week is our anniversary" I say trying to start the conversation. "I was thinking we could maybe throw a party invite the packs and our families, what do you think?" I ask and I get no reaction or response from him. I move to the living room and see him standing near the stairs, shaking his head and looking at the ground. "If you want we can celebrate alone and not invite anyone" I offer and he finally turns and looks at me only to say "what exactly am I supposed to celebrate Leah? That I was forced into this marriage with you or that I lost the one I" he goes quiet and I feel my heart break for the thousandth time. I close my eyes and hold the tears back because I won't give him the satisfaction of seeing me cry. "Yea you are absolutely right, I was just been stupid like always" I tell him and turn to leave so he can go to bed and I can have some peace for a moment to collect myself but instead my damn temper gets in the way. I am a damn female wolf and I am tired of keeping my mouth shut and let him walk all over me, so without thinking I start talking "Hey Jake do you celebrate with her?" I ask and don't stop even when I see that angry look on his face when he turns to look at me. "Do you remember the day you imprinted on her, have a party with some fancy 5 star restaurant meal that I could never prepare? Do you make love to her and actually look at her when you do it or do you just close your eyes, pretend she is someone else and get it done as fast you can like you do with me" God damn it tonight I'm on a roll and I know I will regret it. He walks towards me and I know this is going to hurt. I can see that smirk on his face, he wants me to feel as miserable as he does by living with me, but I didn't think those words would ever come out of his mouth. "When they forced me to marry you, they didn't say I had to be nice to you or love you Leah. They asked me to be a husband and that is what I am" he says and then continues, because he won't spare me tonight and he wants to dig the knife as deep as it can go. "I fulfill my duties as a husband, I go out to the bonfires, parties and meetings with you, I come home to this house every night and I have sex with you" He comes a little closed and lifts my chin with his finger so that I will look at him " If sex is what you want tonight then let's go and get it done already, maybe this time you will finally end up pregnant and dad will stop pestering me with the need for an heir" he keeps smirking and I move my face away from him because I know he is not done yet. "He has been crazy with this need for an heir ever since Rachel refused the imprint and left for a better life and now he wants me to give him one. I told the old men I am not a miracle worker and your situation is not exactly helping" he tells me and I feel the tears rolling down my face. When he sees this, he moves away and heads for the stairs, He looks proud and accomplished because once again he has managed to humiliate me. I turn around and walk out of the house slamming the door behind me. I want to scream, phase and hurt him as much as he has hurt me but he is not worth it. I lift my head and noticed the moon in the sky, It's nearly 11 pm and all I can think about is that I need him, I need to talk to him, have him hold me, tell me what an asshole Jacob is and that I don't deserve this. He has become my escape, my confidant my safe haven ever since that first night that he found me in the woods crying and broken. He is a great man, someone willing to listen to me complain, cry and rant. He always offers me a safe place in his arms, his support and more than once he has shown me that he loves me and that all he wants is a chance to make me happy. I have held back for so long because as stupid as it may sound I did love Jacob. I entered this marriage with an open heart and I have remained faithful to him, thinking that one day I would be able to make him fall in love with me and that we would finally be a family. The vows we took that day were real to me and he made me believe that they were real for his too. But that was all wishful thinking, no more, he has told me a thousand times to divorce Jacob, to stay with him to give myself the opportunity to be happy. I have always thanked him for his words, his