Aragorn slipped quietlyout the back door to the secluded stairway, looking back to close it quietly behind him. His eyes darting around him, he hurried down the quiet stone hallway, past the many bright windows. Arriving at the next doorway, he looked back once more before slipping his dark cloak over his shoulders and, peeking around the corner, pulled the dark hood tightly around him to hide his face. He quickly slowed his pace, lowering his head, he looked around once more. No guards. Good. Striding down the slight slope, he silently thanked the Valar he had succeeded in slipping out unseen. Being King had its perks, but for a little while, he had to get away. He had not told Arwen yet, and he trusted his seven-year-old son to keep a secret, and keep his mother occupied that evening. Come nightfall they would know he had left, but by then he hoped to be safely away. He hoped Arwen would not mind, he had told her he wanted to 'get away from it all' but he had not said how literally he meant it. Cold winds blew in strange patterns about the maze of passages and streets of the huge, nine leveled city, bringing a smile to the ranger's face. He breathed the brisk air in deeply as he was again reminded why he loved Yule season. The celebration of Eruion's arrival on earth was a special one. And men, elves, dwarves, and hobbits everywhere celebrated it, knowingly or not. Legolas would be coming over this year, as would Faramir and Eowyn, and if possible his brothers. He smiled at the thought of the good times they would have. Eldarion always enjoyed storytelling, and in truth, Aragorn knew it came from his own heart that the boy loved it so. There would be many, many good stories passed around in the coming days, and along with the stories, presents. It was always custom to pass around gifts this time of year, one of his other favorite traditions. He loved fining or making special thing for his family members since boy hood, and he laughed as he thought back so long ago. One winter he had successfully hidden the many burns his hands had gathered from trying his own hand at the smithy from a whole week before his father found him, and by that time he had already finished the metal trinket he had made. A small hunters knife, he had made it for Elladan, after he lost the elf's own on a hunting trip gone awry. The rough blade was nowhere near as good or shiny as the old one, but Dan had held it ten times as dear. Aragorn's brisk walk took him down the streets and eventually to the lower levels of the city. The streets had taken him many years to learn, and even now he was not sure he had them all down. The sun sank ever nearer to the horizon as he made it at last to the large gates of the city, which stood opened wide, letting crowds of people through, and in his dark cloak, Aragorn slipped through unnoticed. He smiled to himself for once more outsmarting his guards, telling them he was in his room going over the backwash of unneeded political papers. He had tried to tell them that the papers were unneeded and a waste of parchment and ink, but it seemed that the old line of stewards and their ways always had one more way to annoy him. The irritating 'customs' and such, and the confusing ranking of people who were titled as import, but, he was sure, were simply placed there for lack of skill in any practical category. He could not fathom how Faramir stood his father acting like those men all the time, and he thanked Eru that Faramir himself was not like that. His feet falling into the familiar age old stride that had so long ago earned him a nickname, his heart was gladdened to be a simple ranger once more. He hugged his old worn coat and his weather stained cloak around him and set off, not knowing exactly where he was headed, he took a road and set out to see where it lead him by nightfall. As far as finding gifts went, he already had in mind what he would get. For his son, he had a special gift, his very first training sword f his own. The small lightweight and blunt blade already awaited him back at the palace, hidden under the king's bed until the right time. For Arwen he and Eldarion had worked together; he helped the boy as Dari drew up a small necklace, and the father and son set off to make it a reality. Aragorn smiled to think of his son, following a bit in his footsteps as it were, not allowing the smith to do any of the work he thought he could do himself, the boy had spent hours on end in the musty hot rooms, shaping his precious bar of silver into a masterpiece. And Aragorn had helped his son fit a small sapphire into the middle. As for Legolas, he did not know what to get, but thought it would be perfect if he found out in wandering, just as he had done so many times before. He laughed quietly to himself as he remembered past holidays, once he had made for Legolas a small pack of herbs, and not told the elf what they were for until after he smelled them. //Legolas lifted the small bag to his nose and barely inhaled, the expression on his face changing to a quick shock as the sharp small reached his sensitive nose. "What in-" Aragorn's laugh cut him off, practically falling over, as the elf glared at him. "It's for payback, I guess." Aragorn did his beast to speak, laugh, and remember to breathe all at once. "Payback?!" Legolas' face showed his amusement at the ranger's laughter, but he was having trouble understanding the joke. "Oh yes, but not for you, for me." Aragorn clamed himself and tried to contain the laughter, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a small vile of liquid, he handed it to the elf. "I would not mix the two if I were you, unless you want me to pass out." Legolas looked at the bottle, and then the bag, realization seeping into his mind. He carefully sniffed the herbs again, the smell fairly familiar, a smile broke on his face "This isn't..." He next sniffed the bottle "It is! Oh ranger, you make me laugh!" he tied the bag off once more "but you know, they do say payback is a dish best served cold, and it make me wonder why you would give me such a thing." A smirk grew on his face. By now, the two identical dark haired elves that stood by were completely lost on the situation. "What is it?" Elrohir asked him, in response Legolas simply offer the bag up for him to smell. One sniff was all it took, and his expression matched that on Legolas' face. As Elladan copied the move exactly, both Aragorn and Legolas broke into a fit of laughter, both of them almost falling off their chairs. "But this is..." Elladan identified the herbs as a drug his father had made long ago, especially good at sending people unconscious. "What's so funny?" Aragorn looked up to his brother, wiping a small tear from his eyes, spawned from laughter; he took the bag back in his hands. "A while back I was forced to drug the prince here..." "Forced!? You didn't have to! I could have-" "For his own safety, of course." Aragorn glared at his friend for interrupting, a small challenging smile on his face. "And he has been complaining about the small ever since. He swore he would get back at me one day, so I thought I'd make it a bit easier for him..." Legolas grabbed the small bag from his hands and placed it and the bottle deep into his pack, "When you least expect it, ranger..." He smiled evilly with a feigned malice in his laugh. // Looking up the sky, Aragorn smiled at the dark clouds on the tip of the horizon. He had hoped they would come. At this temperature, dark clouds hopefully meant snow. Pulling his hood tighter, he did not even try to recognize where he was going, letting his feet take him where they would. The sun slowly began to slip under the horizon, as Aragorn found himself in a small Gondorian town. Quickly locating the local tavern, The Sleeping Fox Inn, he walked in to find it had a very large common room, and that the several merchants were there as well. The odd floor plan offered an open view of the small, partially covered courtyard, where a few merchant's booths were set up apart from those that were in the streets outside. Aragorn chose a good seat, in the corner, but with a good view of the courtyard-side windows, he ordered the house brew and sat quietly looking out the window. It was a quiet town; no matter how busy with passing merchants this time of year, the men at the inn had no interesting stories for him to hear, and from his position by the window, he looked over the merchant's wares for anything that might interest him. Various peddlers sold different trinkets, accompanied by tanners, potters, weavers, and smiths, among other things. His eyes fell on the stand of a forester, looking over his wares, the ranger stood from his seat ad headed out to get a closer look. "'Evenin', sir." The young man said, As Aragorn walked up to the stand. "Anything you looking for?" He asked, pulling his coat around him, he put down a half-finished knife sheath he was shaping to help his newest customer. "Oh, no, I'm just... looking around." Aragorn told him, keeping his eyes down cast a bit and thankful that the cold weather gave him an excuse to leave up his hood. It would do no good for anyone to know he was the King. Looking over the hunting knives, quivers, sharpening stones, and other things, He almost turned to go. A strange noise caught his attention from a box behind the merchant. Aragorn's head snapped up at the sound. He knew that sound, from long ago. He listened through the wind for what he almost thought was a strange purring. "What is that?" He asked quietly, inclining his head to the box. "Nothing." The man told him, much too quickly, as he stepped in front of the box. "Really?" Aragorn lifted one eyebrow, a move perfected with so many years watching the master, Lord Elrond. "Well... "The man turned around and picked up the box, which promptly attempted to jump out of his arms. Aragorn put a hand out to catch it, saving the small crate from impact. "I'm sorry, sir, I..." Aragorn looked at the small creature in the crate, which still insisted on slamming itself into the walls. "I don't know what it is." A smile grew of Aragorn's face. He knew he had heard that noise before. He whispered a quiet word in elvish, clamming the little thing's senses. It focused its large, dark eyes on him as it hid in the corner of the box in fear. "I do." He told the man. The small, almost cat like features brought up old memories. As he watched the terrified creature he tried to decide weather it was more cat, ferret, or otter; knowing that in truth it was something totally different, a ketral. He smiled to himself thinking of how perfect it was. He had sometimes wondered why, but Legolas loved the rare little critters, no matter how much trouble they got him into. He was not quite sure