The first time I met Jasper – I was 8 years old. I was lonely, my father was working the night shift at Fork's police station, and the babysitter was all too apathetically ignoring me in favor of talking to her boyfriend on the phone, and I'd wondered into the backyard. I was sitting quietly on the back porch – gazing into the forest behind the house – wishing desperately for a friend. A strange tingle overtook my body, starting in my heart and spreading outward, and within seconds my vision was blurry and I was suddenly gazing at a very different forest. I was strangely unafraid – merely curious as I took in my surroundings. It was mid-afternoon here – the sky was the lightest blue, and not a single cloud marred its beauty. The temperature was quite warm and I could just make out a small house in the distance. Deciding to head toward it, I turned on my heel and promptly fell over an exposed root. The impact of my fall took me down onto my hands and knees and scraped my palms. It hurt. Badly. I couldn't help but cry a little. Not loud wracking sobs, but quiet whimpers and steadily falling tear drops. Footsteps crunched the undergrowth headed in my direction, and I felt an instinctive fear of discovery. After all – wasn't this just like my fairy tales? Nothing good happened to those lost little girls... A blond boy came into my field of vision, and he stopped short when he saw me, but only momentarily. Soon he was kneeling in front of me and I gazed at him in wonder. He was the prettiest boy I'd ever seen. Blond ringlets framed a teenaged face that sported the brightest blue eyes Bella had ever seen. "Are ya all right, darlin'?" He asked with a deep southern accent. My tears cut off, immediately. And I was strangely comforted by his presence. His voice was warm, and even though it was the first time I'd ever heard an accent like his, it sounded friendly. "Uh huh. I just scratched my hands." I held them out to him, a little helplessly - showcasing the red, scratched palms. "Awww. You gotta be careful out here sweetie. There's all sort a things you can git held up over in these woods." Jasper pulled me closer, and settled himself on the ground. He rubbed his thumbs over my palms, and I felt a rush of warmth. The pain was forgotten, and all of a sudden all I wanted was to be closer to the boy. "What's your name?" I asked, changing the subject completely. "Jasper. And what's your name little lady?" He drawled back. "Bella," I answered distractedly, while trying to inch closer to him, unnoticed. "Well, Bella – are your parents close by? Maybe visiting our neighbors, or something? I would remember a girl as pretty as you if you lived in walking distance." "Nope," I answered automatically, "my Dad's at work." I looked around at the landscape, and whispered conspiratorially, "And I don't think I'm very close to home, either. Forks is much greener and wet than this." "Forks?" He echoed back, his eyebrows going up. "Yeah," I nodded, decisively, "Forks, Washington." "Washington?" His voice sounded strangled, and I used the excuse to crawl closer, in concern. "Am I far from home, then?" I questioned without a trace of fear. "Very. This here is Houston, Texas. Have you ever seen a map of the States, Bella?" She nodded, affirmatively – "My teacher keeps one on the wall of our class room. I live in the top corner of the map." I reached out and started playing with his hair, pulling on the curls and watching as they bounced back. It occurred to me that I was way too comfortable with him, considering he was a stranger – but I brushed it off. He cleared his throat, "Uh, Bella. Texas is at the very bottom of the map. We're thousands of miles away from Washington..." I shrugged at this, "Well it only took me a second to get here. Maybe I can go home that way later..." Jasper's eyebrows inched back up, before he responded - "Yeah... hopefully. Bella, I have to ask – what are these shoes you're wearing?" "Keds," I replied back without interest. I turned so I was facing his legs and exclaimed, "What kind of shoes are you wearing?" I stared with interest at his worn leather cowboy boots. "Just my work boots." He returned with the same disinterest I'd shown. "What about the rest of this outfit? Are these your work clothes?" He ran his fingers over my jeans and thin sweater with intrigue written all over his face. "Work clothes? Where would I be working? I'm just a little girl, silly." I responded, condescendingly. I turned back around to face him, "How old are you, Jasper?" "Fifteen," he responded, absently - still fingering the material of my fuzzy sweater between his fingers. "Oh. What grade are you in? I'm in the 3rd grade." I informed him, proudly. "Grade? I'm finished with school, Bella. I'm 15. Maybe in a big city like Forks they keep you in school later than that, but my Pa needs me here, and my schooling finished last year, anyhow." "Big city? Forks is the tiniest town ever. I can't believe you get to be finished at 15. My Daddy said I have to go to college, too! I won't finish school until I'm really, really old…" Jasper's face was folded into a frown and he asked gently, "Bella? What's today's date?" "October… October 8th? I can't remember. I know its 1998, though. Cause I'm eight and I was born 9-13-1990." "Nineteen ninety eight…" Jasper repeated back slowly – as if he was expecting me to correct him. But she just nodded, oblivious to the turmoil of her new friend. He sighed, and asked – "How long do you think you'll be here, Bella?" I squinted, trying to decide how long I could stay – "I think I know how to get back. I think I can go whenever I want. My babysitter probably won't even notice I'm gone for a couple hours, so I think I'll stay for a while, if that's all right?" I looked pleadingly at my new friend, and he gave me a small hug in response. Instead of answering he asked a question, "Want to take a walk with me? There's a place a like to go not far from here." I jumped up immediately; relieved he wasn't sending me away. He held out his hand and I didn't hesitate to take it, before following his lead and heading deeper into the forest. Late afternoon light slanted through the canopy of trees, and highlighting the forest floor in a beautiful pattern of green and gold, leaves crunched underfoot and a warm breeze caressed my face. I sighed hard looking at it. "It's so pretty here. I wish I could stay longer." Jasper chuckled a little, and squeezed my hand tighter. The trees finally broke and we entered a clearing. In the distance I could hear water flowing and just knew that was our destination without being told. I kept a steady pace though, drinking in the landscape with all the innate wonder of a child. My father never took me on walks in the woods – the woods near Forks were not quite like the woods here. With Fork's constant rain, the canopy of trees was thicker, the forest darker, the obstacles greater, the animals more numerous. So even though our backyard butted right up against the forest, I never felt the desire to go in. This was completely different. I walked quietly beside Jasper - keeping his hand tightly locked in mine, and managing to squeal only a little in delight when the creek and its small waterfall came into view. Jasper walked right up to the bank, and took a seat in a small matted down patch of grass. A place he obviously sat in often. Jasper didn't seem eager to let go, so I kept my grip on his hand and looked around curiously, a large smile forming on my face. After a few minutes, Jasper finally let go and pulled his boots and socks off. He dunked his feet in the water, and looked over at me questioningly. I didn't hesitate to do the same. To Jasper's credit, he didn't even raise an eyebrow when he saw my Little Mermaid socks. Just chuckled, and stuffed them into my shoes for me. "Was that your house I saw in the distance when I got here? The white one?" I finally asked, after we'd settled. Jasper nodded, "Yes. My father's house. And all this," he pointed a general finger in a 360 degree circle, "this is my father's farm. We have 400 acres of land. Most of it empty, since there's only me, my older brother and father to work it." I nodded, "Yeah. It's just me and my Dad at my house, too. And occasionally Susie, my babysitter. My mom lives in Phoenix with her boyfriend." I sighed deeply after saying this, and kept my gaze on the water, so he wouldn't see my troubled expression. Suddenly, I flopped onto my back like my strings had been cut – falling into a graceless heap with my feet still in the water. I kept looking away when I asked, "Do you miss your Mom, too?" I risked a glance up at Jasper from the corner of my eye, just in time to see a single tear streak down his face. It was answer enough. "Yeah," I agreed, "me too." I grabbed Jasper's hand, and we sat there quietly after that. I spent an hour with Jasper on that bank, just soaking in the peace of that beautiful place before I murmured, "Thanks Jasper, I feel better now." And I wished myself home. Disappearing right in front of Jasper's incredulous eyes, leaving behind my Keds and Little Mermaid socks. …... I never forgot Jasper, even though I didn't go back to see him for another 5 years. Time passed and I wondered if it hadn't been a dream. That beautiful, sad boy who had been so nice to me. It wasn't until my mother died and I needed him again that I found myself back in the backyard hoping fervently that he had been real – because I needed him so much. I was hunched over, a tiny ball of black, 11 years old and devastated, chanting "Jasper, Jasper, Jasper…" When suddenly those warm tingles started up again, I gasped in relief. This time the scenery was much different. I was transported to the edge of a military camp. I realized that I hadn't imagined Jasper's old world speech and clothes, when I saw all the antique stuff. Crude canvas tents held up by wooden stakes, wood smoke thick in the air, the glow of the fires were the only illumination of the bleak landscape. I was definitely not in the year 2001 anymore. The campfire closest to me was deserted save for one lone man, hunched close to it's flames. I hesitated until I recognized the glow of blond hair. "Jasper?" I called out tentatively, half afraid I was imagining him I wanted to see him so badly. But to my immense relief, Jasper's head whipped up and the firelight illuminated his familiar face. He was quite a bit older, but I couldn't mistake those bright blue eyes, that seemed to shine in the soft light. "Bella?" He called back. I ran to close the distance between us. I needed a hug so badly in that moment. Throwing myself forward, I embraced him hard. Tears streaked across my face anew, and soon I was sobbing all over again. Jasper didn't say a word, just settled me into his lap and rocked back and