APOV I waited in the dark – my eyes scanning around me constantly – muscles tensed with anxiety. Would she even want to see me? I growled softly and thought back to our last conversation. "Would it be such a terrible thing if you didn't end up with Edward?" I asked. We'd been in my room talking for the better part of the day. Edward and the rest of the family were out hunting and I'd been "tasked" with keeping Bella entertained. I'd been keeping our conversation light and focused on inconsequential stuff all day, but this one question had been burning inside me ever since I saw the vision of Bella's future without Edward. Her eyes widened and a look of pain settled over her face. "Has he said something?" She asked me in a resigned tone. "No…" I edged, knowing how sensitive a topic this was. "Because I would understand if he had," she continued. "What?" I asked, sharply. Was there something I didn't know? "Well, lately he's been extra distant – if you can believe that – since his middle name is distant. And something about the silence when we're together…" her voice drifted off and the same look of pain came back to her face. I fought the urge to hug her and thought back to Edward's attitude lately. I knew for a fact that he hadn't been around when I'd had my vision of her other possible future… But maybe I was over thinking things. What if this was the catalyst that brought my vision to fruition? I did my best to shrug and look unaffected. "Who knows? Edward is so moody. It could be nothing." She turned to me and the look of hope on her face made my stomach hurt. "Do you really think so, Alice? Have you seen us together?" I cringed and fought the urge to vomit. I actively wished for a future that didn't have the two of them in it. I purposefully didn't look after one terrifying incident where I saw the two of them attempting vampire/human intercourse. Needless to say - Bella didn't make it. Edward tore her apart after smelling her virginal blood. It was horrifying. I think he might have seen that, because that particular future never repeated itself. But over time Bella's future disappeared all together. I couldn't see her at all anymore. .. "I can't see you anymore, Bella. Not at all. You know that." She nodded and looked at the ground before asking in a small voice, "Do you think I'm going to die?" I did. Honestly. And I'd made that clear to her and my family. Mortal danger I'd called it. No one listened. That's why I was the one stuck babysitting. Because no one else believed, or cared (whichever the case may be) – and I was abruptly fed up. "Yes. I do. And I think if you want to have a chance at making that fate a different one – you need to make a decision right now. Do you love Edward, Bella?" She must have known what I meant by that. Must have seen it on my face what I was suggesting. But instead, she chose to be contrary. "Of course I do, Alice! I would do anything for him." Ugh. Is this what passed for true love anymore? "You said yourself he was apathetic. That you wouldn't be surprised to be cast aside. How can you love someone that feels that way?" "Love is blind and senseless, Alice. I can't expect you to understand. You've never been in love!" The truth was a dagger straight to my heart. Try though I might – Jasper and I were never mates, and had never been "in love" – we'd been companions, lovers, and friends in my visions and naïve girl that I was, I didn't know the difference when I set out to find him. My gasp was audible. How long would I keep up the ruse? What would become of me when it was over? Bella rushed over and hugged me. Her body was soft and warm and I had to fight the urge to hold her tightly. Her scent, unlike any other I'd ever encountered, washed over my senses and I felt peace follow in its wake. She was my best friend. I loved her so much. My heart clenched – or at least pretended to – when I thought of her death. No matter what I decisions I made, she never reappeared in any of my visions. Because Edward killed her. I just knew it - in my heart of hearts. That bastard! I never saw a change because he intended to circumvent me no matter what I chose. Urgency built up in my chest and I felt the need to act. "Bella? If I asked you to – would you leave with me?" I let her go and began to pace across the carpet. "I can't stand not knowing. I can't just stand around and let this happen. It's the only way." I walked up to her and kept eye contact – keeping my expression solemn. She looked frightened, but I couldn't let it change my mind. Edward was a poison set on destroying her – and even if she couldn't see it, she needed to be protected from him. Visions clouded my sight – she and I at an airport, chatting on a plane, shopping in Paris, holding hands at the top of the Eiffel Tower. I grinned, suddenly ridiculously relieved. "That's it!" I yelled with confidence, "we have to leave." Bella's face still looked uncertain, but I couldn't let it sway me. I'd seen her come with me. "Bella, I'm not asking for a decision about Edward. I'm asking you to come with me to escape death. He'll understand, I'm sure of it." Privately, I wasn't actually sure at all. Edward was on the fence about being with Bella. Add to that fact that she was most likely going to die or be killed soon… If he didn't love her – now was the time to let her go. But I wasn't going to say any of that. Her decision needed to be based on the threat to her life. That was the important part. She sighed really heavily, "Can you see how I'll tell Charlie?" I closed my eyes and got a flash of her telling Charlie that Edward had had an accident while camping – and that she and I were going to see him in the hospital in Seattle. Now I sighed, "It won't give us much time to sort things out… but you'll tell him that Edward had a camping incident and he'll allow us to go to Seattle for a few days to visit him." She took a deep breath and nodded. Just then, I received a vision of Edward – he would be outside Bella's house when she told Charlie – he would become enraged that I'd decided to leave with her and he'd walk in and ruin our cover. "Shit. Edward is going to ruin that. Bella – he'll be here before we leave if we stop to tell Charlie…" She was shaking her head before I'd finished. "Then we can't leave." I shut my eyes tightly and "looked" for Bella. Her future was gone. A strangled sob filled my throat and I knew somehow that this was all about to go horribly awry. I heard the footsteps and voices of my family and despair threatened to overcome me. I'd waited too long. Edward had interrupted immediately after that and I'd never gotten the chance to really speak to Bella, again. He was convinced that our family was the cause of her misfortune and somehow talked Carlisle into it, too. My opinion meant nothing. They all told me over and over that a blank wasn't necessarily death – but I'd had plenty of visions of people long after I'd stopped interacting with them, and none of their fates were blank. But my gift wasn't without its draw backs and everyone knew it – it was pointless to argue. He'd broken up with her and forced the family to move to Denali to ensure there was no possible contact. I was heartbroken. So much more than I expected to be. Jazz and I were friends, but I felt like I had a vampire's mentality about seeing him. Maybe this week, maybe next year, maybe not for a decade. I wasn't concerned. Bella's absence was a constant knife in my chest. And that's what brought me back here – freshly divorced from my husband and my family. I'd never felt more like an average person before in my life, even my human life. I had no idea what was next – I couldn't see anything. I clenched my fists, totally fed up with my indecision, and walked purposefully up to her door and knocked. So be it. BPOV They say when you die there's no bright flash of light, no fanfare or fireworks – it just goes dark. That's how I felt. Like I was dead. Everything around me was dark. Edward and his family were gone. Gone as if they'd never been – and the only thing left was this husk of person left in their wake. Now I understood Alice's vision. This was the blank she kept drawing. I should have left with her. A tear snaked down my face and my breath seized. Why didn't I leave with her? What future was left for me now? No wonder she didn't see anything. I was going to waste away in my bedroom - alone and sad – like a puppy someone forgot when they moved. I took a deep breath and shook my head. I didn't have any more time for this today. I shut my eyes hard and two more tears slipped out. My father was suspicious, my friends at school were wary, the counselor wanted to see me in her office at my earliest convenience. This was a nightmare. One more deep breath and I pushed away from my computer – a half finished email to my mother and a veritable novel to Alice still on screen. I sighed with disgust and ran a rough hand across my face. Fuck everyone. I stabbed the power button and hoped both messages were lost forever. Glancing over at my bed, a mountain of homework awaited me – but I couldn't work up the motivation. I got up slowly, my body aching like I'd been hit by a train, a fun new symptom of my now chronic depression. I wandered over to the window and thought back to my last conversation with Edward. "You don't want me?" came a squeaky voice I wasn't sure I identified as my own. His face was impassive and his voice flat, "That's right. It's over, Bella. We're leaving and I don't want you to come." "We?" my thoughts were only of Alice. Always Alice. Where was she? Why wasn't she here now? Stupid blank spots. She would never have let me be blindsided by this, if she'd known. "Yes, Alice is already gone. I'm leaving tonight to join them. I'm sorry, Bella." He didn't look sorry. Quite the opposite, in fact – he seemed to be more relaxed and happy than I can ever remember seeing him. "I'm still going to die, Edward. Stop thinking you've saved me! That stupid look on your face, like you've done a good deed – makes me sick. You did this, didn't you? Forced them to leave?" He exhaled, sharply – expression sour, "This is the only way we can help you, Bella. It's clear our relationship is doomed. This is the best thing for everyone!" He looked sincere when he said that and I felt a tinge of pity for him. Maybe he really believed it. Maybe he really didn't mean any harm… However -