A/N: Hi, I'm xxbuttonsxx and this is a little author collaboration I've put together, there are still many Districts still available- the forum is on my profile so check it out! This chapter is written soley by jayarnalabozzetta170799 so yeah, I now hand over, please review :} A/N: I like the idea of nicknames for tributes, like the girl on fire. I read a whole fan fiction where they all had these, so I decided to do them for my districts. There is some swear words in this, sorry if offensive to anyone, I tried to keep it as clean as possible. The italics are thoughts. District 1 Reaping Acacia Hurley, 15, The Girl Next Door . Acacia stamped her foot. "Elizabeth! Get here now, you stupid bitch!" she screeched. A girl, with golden brown hair and grey-blue eyes, ran into Acacia's huge room. Acacia ruffled her blond curls. "Get my dress." She never took her eyes off the full length mirror as she spoke, loving what she saw. Elizabeth ran into the huge wardrobe connected to the gigantic room. Acacia took one last look in the mirror, applying another layer of pink lip gloss and admiring her fake tan. She sighed loudly and walked over to the big bay window, sitting in her puffy lounge. "Ugh, I hate this place." Elizabeth ran back in, the yellow dress in her ivory arms. She laid it on the huge black, white and pink bed, which was covered in a large array of puffy cushions. She looked at Acacia. "Your dress, miss." Acacia rose. "Are you fucking stupid? Where are my shoes? My jewellery and headdress? Lay it all out, now!" She demanded. Elizabeth scurried off and Acacia looked back out the window. "I must look my best! Maybe someone from the Capitol will see me and rescue me! Why Daddy keeps me locked up in this horrid district, I don't know. I wished I lived in the Capitol." She sighed again as Elizabeth came back into the room. "About freaking time. Jesus Christ!" she picked up the dress, a flowy dress with a fitted bodice, a sunshine yellow colour. She slipped it on and did it up, the skirts multiple layers swished as she stalked over to her shoes, three-inch yellow pumps. She slid her feet in them, shook her hair and put the white daisy in the back. "Perfect." She looked back into the mirror, puckered her lips and applied more gloss. She walked out of the room, down the huge marble stairs and into the lavish dining room. The room was light and airy, a white table with six chairs around it. Her mother, Chastity, sat at one end, her long blonde hair in a curly updo, dressed in a deep blue dress and white heels, the picture of a perfect trophy wife. Her father, Flint, sat at the other end, his black reaping suit crease free and his brown hair coifed perfect. He was the youngest mayor District One had ever had. Acacia sat down and neatly folded her hands in her lap. "Daddy, do you know how long it took Elizabeth to find something for me to wear? Forever! Can I go shopping?" She pushed her lip forward and looked up at him under her thick eyelashes and out her brown eyes. Her father looked at his daughter over his mayor's newspaper. He sounded bored as he spoke. "Yes, princess, I will send you out with Maria this afternoon. Now where is the server? I am starving. Server!" A small woman walked quickly into the room, holding a tray full of dishes. She placed one in front of everyone, her tiny hands shaking. "Control yourself woman!" Her father barked. The tiny woman pushed her loose strands of shocking red hair behind her ears and put a plate in front of Acacia's mother, her hands shaking so violently that food found its way into Chastity's lap. She stood up. "Get the hell out of my house, you useless piece of shit!" Her graceful hand pulled back and slapped the woman across the face. The woman gasped and made a small noise. "Do not speak unless you're spoken to!" The woman ran out, her small frame disappearing into the kitchen. Her mother sat down, handing Acacia's plate across to her. "Useless. Now I have to do it. For god's sake, the Agency is getting worse. What the hell are they sending us? I can't believe this..." Her mother continued to rant on. Acacia didn't touch the food. Did that woman deserve that? Her eyes widened in shock as she pushed the thought out of her head. Of course she deserved it. But there was still a small voice nagging at the back of her head, disagreeing with her mother's actions. Falcon Dalancey, 18, The Boy With A Promise Falcon took another sip of his coffee as he readied him self mentally for today. This was the first quarter quell, the Capitol was changing the rules this year. The district voted for their tribute, instead of being drawn. His father was exceptionally excited . My chance, after all that training . His father had paid off most of the town to vote for him. He went to his room, dressing in a black shirt, leather jacket and jeans. He ran his hands through his tight black curls, cropped close to his head. Falcon pulled on his black army boots and walked out the door. He felt the eyes on him as he walked along. This was a recurring thing, but something felt off. He kept walking, approaching the square full of the District One seal, showing their pride. That is when he saw her. Elizabeth. The first time he had seen he was around sunset, he had seen her coming out of the house next door, the mayor's house, with the blonde bitch next door. She was hurrying along, trying to hand her her forgotten purse. The blonde had slapped her and walked away, leaving the girl standing there, humiliated. That was the first time Falcon had felt anything but anger for anyone but himself before. He remembered seeing her pull her bun out to retie it, his eyes travelling down her loose golden curls, looking in the grey eyes he learned he could get lost in. He realized today, on the way to the reaping, he was in love with a girl he had only kissed twice, at night, under the tree behind his house. He remembered when he first talked to her, after months of looking out his window hoping to catch a glimpse of the girl with the golden curls. He had seen her take a shortcut home through his yard everyday, and that night she was later than usual, wandering in the inky shadows. He had walked downstairs without realizing what he was doing. "You shouldn't be out roaming at this time of night." He remembered Elizabeth gasping and whirling around, pulling her jacket on and tying her hair up in a failed attempt at a bun. "You don't have to do that..." Falcon's voice was soft and warm, unlike any tone he had used before. "I'm sorry, I was taking a short cut and I won't do it again." Falcon had smiled. "I see you do it every night, I wouldn't want to put you out. And I wouldn't want you to walk home alone, at night, it's not safe. I'll walk you home." Elizabeth's cheeks had flushed a rose colour. "No, no. That is not necessary. I will be fine. You must be busy." Falcon walked off into the same direction she usually took, beckoning her to follow along. She had followed; making sure her jacket covered her chest. Falcon had sighed. "You don't have to do that, I don't care, I am not like them." He gestured to the house next to his, which made his mansion look small. She had loosened her grip on her jacket and smiled slightly. Falcon had reached up and tugged on her hair band, letting her loose curls fall into a long curtain down her back. "Your hair is really pretty..." He had murmured softly. He had reached and tugged at one, it temporarily going straight before it curled back up. He had felt heat rise to his dark skin and let go, realizing that it was inappropriate. She had gone that pretty rose colour again and told him her name was Elizabeth and he had told her his name was Falcon. He had walked her home every day after that night for three months, and a week ago he was waiting for her under the big oak tree. It was late and he was worried about where she was as he looked up at the twinkling stars, wondering if the sky looked the same in all districts, even District Twelve, so far from his reality. She had walked quietly behind him and growled in his ear. He had let out a yelp and she had started laughing so hard she was holding her stomach and a tear had escaped her eye, rolling down her cheek slowly. "Scaredy cat. Lorelei won't believe me if I told her one of the biggest boys in the District had screamed because I had scared him!" She giggled, not fake like the other girls, it sounded like true happiness. Falcon had moved closer and she had looked up at him, under her long lashes. Falcon pressed his thumb to her cheek and wiped the tear away. "We're not going to tell anyone about it, are we?" He murmured. She had shaken her head slowly, and Falcon could tell she was nervous because she had been biting on her dark pink lips. He had lent down and had pressed his lips softly against hers. She had made a small noise at the back of her throat and he pulled away. "No... Don't stop..." She had stood on her tiptoes and kissed him, applying more pressure. He remembered being so happy, he felt so light. He looked up at the stage, coming out of his daydream and saw the escort wobbling onto stage. She had blue swirls that looked waves falling down her face, and her blue hair was giant, massive curls teased to a giant ball of fluff. She had on a blue latex dress that was so tight it looked like it had taken ten men to squeeze her into it. Her arms were covered in fishnet, and knee-high blue boots covered her legs. She could hardly walk and her green skin was sparkling in the sunlight. She looked like a District Four reject. "Welcome to the 25th annual Hunger Games! May the odds ever be in your favour!" She gestured wildly with her hands and a squeaking noise rang out as she raised her arms above her head, the latex rebelling against her bulging skin. She wobbled over to the girl's ball and pulled out the single paper, slowly unrolled it and read the name out. Acacia Hurley, 15, The Girl Next Door . Acacia stood in her age section, trying not to touch anyone in case she got some sort of disease. Acacia tried to will her to hurry up, thinking she was the worst escort that they had had, heaving a giant sigh and looked at her shiny pink nails. She had been excited for this, to see a Capitol person, but she looked disgusting. The escort (Appropriately called Luna Blu) walked rather slowly over to the pink tinted ball. She slowly unrolled the blood-red paper and Acacia heaved another sigh. This was so boring. "Acacia Hurley." Acacia sighed again. Finally it was almost over and I can go shoppi- Wait. Did she say Acacia? "Where are you, dear?" She looked around and Acacia tried to move her legs. Acacia? Who would vote for me? Acacia felt hands on her arms. "C'mon Miss Hurley." "No!" Acacia kicked and