EDIT 1 Dudley Dursley was in trouble. Not any kind of financial trouble, he was the assistant manager for a very successful lumber yard, a fact his parents Mr. and Mrs. Dursley would remind everyone of this at their dinner parties. He was not in trouble with his health either, thanks to the lumber yard turning his staunch figure into muscular bulk which his father insisted was the hard work of his amateur boxing even though Dudley had not boxed or even entered a gym in a number of years. The trouble was not with his marriage, his wife Veronica was his best friend and the main reason that Dudley moved a little further away from his parents. The source of his trouble and the trouble for his entire family was the source of the fiercely kept secret his parents had now passed on to their son; Harry Potter. Harry was Dudley's cousin who, after the loss of Harry's parents had come to live with Dursley's for sixteen miserable years. Harry was the child in the house that would never go away and was always looking at his things like he wanted to take them from him. It was because of Harry that he lost his spare room for all of his toys as a child and the reason a snake chased after him on one of his birthdays. Harry Potter was also a wizard. Dudley was introduced to the wizarding world when he was eleven years old by a giant of a man with a pink umbrella who had used that umbrella to give Dudley a curled pig tail just above his bottom. The tail had been removed, of course, but the scar was still there and so was the memory of that horrible day and that was only the start of his troubles. Every year since then it had been owls, house elves, Harry's murderous God-Father, a toffee that had caused Dudley to nearly choke on his growing tongue and even a Dementor. He had never seen the Dementor, a nasty creature that would guard the wizard prison Azkaban but the effects of the Dementor still lingered to this day. He had felt as if his whole body was in an icy bath and that all his happiness was replaced with dread, like he would never be happy again. If it had not been for his cousin Harry he knew he might have died that day and since Harry did save his life it made him realize that he had not been the best of cousins. The Dementor attack was the turning point for Dudley and his thoughts for his cousin, although the attack only increased his parent's hatred for Harry and anything wizard related. The world of wizards had also included the whole Dursley family being evacuated and taken abroad for almost two years to protect them from an evil wizard named Voldemort who was intent on killing all the regular, non-magical people. Dudley used this time away to think and reflect of how he had treated his cousin growing up and even though he had bullied him and picked on him his entire life Dudley believed firmly that had he not done those things then Harry would not have been as strong as he was. He was convinced that Harry would have had a much harder time if everyone was soft on him as a child, although he did often feels pangs of guilt in his stomach that felt like someone had dropped an anvil on his chest. Whenever he did feel this way though he would stiffen up and mutter- "It was all for the best." and then put it out of his mind. After returning to Privet drive, when the evil wizard was defeated Dudley had been visited by their neighbour Mrs. Figg, an old woman who smelled of cats and used to baby sit Harry when the Dursley's had taken Dudley out for his any number of his birthdays. Mrs. Figg had explained to Dudley that she was sent to live on the street near Harry Potter to keep an eye on Harry and now that her task was complete she wanted to say goodbye to Dudley and to tell him that it was all going to get better from here. She informed Dudley of all that had transpired in his absence and what his Cousin Harry had done; a feat that grown wizards were not capable of. After Mrs. Figg had told him everything she had left and the next day her entire house was empty, even the smell of cats had gone. Dudley had been deep in thought over the next few days; behavior unnoticed by his usually over watchful mother as she and his father were still in a state of shock after all the events that had transpired. It wasn't until several weeks had passed that the family had returned to normal, Mr. Dursley Dursley returned to his work at Grunnings where he made drills. The reason for his absence was that he had to care for a dying relative who lived overseas. He never gave any more information than that and everyone was too polite to ask anything more. Mrs. Dursley however was worse than ever, even by her own standards. With no Harry to focus their annoyances on Dudley was now in the line of fire. He had gone from the apple of his father's eye, the little angel that his mother cared for to a lay about who was in need of a decent job. His father had tried to get him work with his company but Dudley had decided he would find a job all on his own. "Wants to prove he's a grown man." Mr. Dursley would chuckle to himself every time his wife would harass him husband to find their son a job. Even Mr. Dursley was aware of the amount his wife had worsened and her harsh gaze made the back of his neck prickle every time he buried his face behind whatever newspaper he happened to be holding. Finding work had proved difficult for Dudley whose grades were not the best as he had spent most time at school wagging with his friends and finding lone children to tie to trees or in the nearest bathroom. It was harder to find work close to home and he was forced to register with local employment agencies. He had never told his parents this as the people that came to such places were beneath the Dursley's and to be in the same room as them would cause a panic from either of them. After several long months he had finally found work in a lumber yard, Grieves Lumber under the booming voice and watchful eyes of Mr. Grieves the owner and manager. Mr. Grieves was shorthanded and when he first looked at the fat blonde boy in front of his whose hands were softer than his own silk tie he thought that Dudley would not last a week. But Working hard and having his hands blister and split gave Dudley such a sense of purpose that even returning home to his mother commenting and complaining on every scratch or bruise he acquired could not take his happy mood away. He worked so far away from home that when the time came for him to move the parting ceremony was more of a funeral than a party. His mother was sobbing as he packed his room and his father just stood and watched and tried to make small talk. After leaving the all-too-clean house of Mrs. Dursley to his own dim lit and dank apartment he had a glowing in his chest that he had not had before. The apartment was not unclean for long as every time his parents would visit his mother would bring with her what seemed like an entire department stores worth of cleaning supplies. Dudley had worked long and hard in the lumber yard, enough to be promoted to sales and eventually assistant manager. He had only been working there for over two years when he had met Veronica, who was picketing outside the yard in protest of the trees being cut down. She was tall and slender with dark brown hair and unlike his mother who was boney and pointy she seemed warm and soft. He had said hello to her most mornings when he shuffled past the angry people brandishing signs with words like "Say no to tree murder" or "Save the trees". She had said hello back and on his lunch breaks he would sit on the street outside the yard and watch them walk in a circle. Eventually she had asked to join him and they had started talking every day about anything and everything. Dudley soon came to realise that she was much smarter than him but she did not address this or make him feel dumb in any way. Veronica told him one day that she was not as keen on protesting as some of her friends and was only there to support her sister who was shorter than Veronica and a lot louder. "It's not that we don't want houses built, it's that there should be a better way than killing entire rainforests." Veronica had explained to him after he asked why she had joined. "Well then that's something worth protesting, however we don't kill rainforests, Mr. Grieves owns several hectares of land and grows the trees himself. After one part is cut down, more trees are planted. This way he earns all the money himself and doesn't have to compete with other lumber yards." Veronica had been shocked by this news and after telling the other protestors they all decided that this place wasn't worth the effort and had begun searching for somewhere else to show their disagreement. Dudley had sincerely wished he had not said anything, in fact Mr. Grieves had told him not to as the local news was often reporting on the protests and giving the yard free publicity. "As long as someone is saying your name then it's good for business. I had young Marshall repaint the sign out front and with those cameras reporting everything our sales have doubled!" He had said to Dudley after the first week of protests. Now he had no one to greet on his way in through the yard and no angry people to shuffle past, his morning was turning out to be quite bleak until he entered the yard with his lunch in one hand and his thermos in the other when he heard hurried footsteps running next to him. Veronica had rushed over to him and was waving a freshly painted sign. "What are you protesting now?" Dudley had asked before he read the sign. "I am protesting lonely lunches." she had said, showing him the new sign which read "There's a cafe round the corner" and had a red arrow pointing up the street. "Oh" Dudley said, taken aback. "Meet you there at 11?" Veronica asked. "Well." Dudley had started saying he was not sure he was allowed to leave the yard for lunch when he saw Veronica slowly lower her sign and the smile fade from her face. "Better make it 11:30." He said quickly. The smile returned quickly to her face and she waved to him as she took her sign and skipped away. He knew Mr. Grieves had several meetings today and figured if he had a later lunch he might not notice Dudley missing from the yard but Mr. Grieves was smiling at his as soon as Dudley had walked in through the gate. He had seen the whole thing from his office window. "Finish up the timber for the housing by 11, clear the yard for the next delivery and you can have lunch at 11:30 with the young lady. But I want you back by 2." He said firmly pointing a finger