This one-shot was written for PJO Secret Santa on Tumblr, more specifically as a gift for athenastudying. :) enjoy! "Percy, hurry up," Annabeth muttered under her breath, tapping her foot impatiently outside the men's restroom. Their plane to New York was boarding, and it was stressing her out that they weren't on it yet. She held her boyfriend's backpack on her elbow, with hers slung over her opposite shoulder. They didn't have much in them - Annabeth's had earbuds, her laptop, and a notebook, and, well, who knows what Percy's had. As soon as Percy came out of the bathroom, Annabeth tossed him his backpack and motioned to the gate. "If we're ever this late again," she said, "I will personally murder you, Percy Jackson." "Glad it's personal," said Percy seriously. "'M not too keen on the idea of you hiring a monster to murder me." She rolled her eyes, the hint of a smile playing at her lips. "Not sure I'll be able to survive this flight," remarked Annabeth as they walked to the entrance of the plane. Upon reaching the seating area, Percy and Annabeth quickly took the last spot with two seats available in the very back. They both set their backpacks down on the floorboards in front of them, with Percy pulling out his earphones out of a pocket in his bag. "Wait," said Annabeth, grabbing his wrist before he could plug the cord into his phone. "We've got to go over a few things if tonight is going to go smoothly." "Remind me what's going on tonight?" said Percy, dropping the earphones in his lap. Annabeth looked at him for a moment, frowning. "Everybody's coming over to your mom's place? Remember?" "Right," said Percy. "Secret santa, that's it." "Please tell me you got something," said Annabeth. "As a matter of fact, I did," Percy said smugly. "I ordered it a few days ago and it was delivered to Mom's apartment a few days ago. I even called her to make sure it arrived." "Wow," said Annabeth, impressed. Percy grinned. "I'm one step ahead of you, Wise Girl." She rolled her eyes good-naturedly. "We should make a list of the things we need to do before everybody arrives." Annabeth pulled a notebook and pen out of her backpack, uncapping the pen and flipping to a fresh page. She began to write down all of the things they needed to do once they got home. "You've been thinking about this, haven't you?" Percy observed, looking down at the paper then back up at his girlfriend. "All morning," she admitted without hesitation. "Pizza's okay, right?" "When am I ever going to say no to pizza?" he remarked. "Great," said Annabeth. "After everyone gets here, you and all of the other guys can go to that place you're obsessed with-" "Murphy's?" Annabeth nodded. "Yeah. You all can get takeout while the other girls and I get everything else ready." "Sweet," he said, spinning the end of his earphones around. "'S that it?" "Not at all." "What else do we have to worry about?" asked Percy. "We were going to try to make dessert, weren't we?" said Annabeth tentatively. "Right? I called your mom to make sure she had the cookie dough?" "Oh, yeah!" Annabeth bit her lip, adding a few things to her checklist beneath the schedule. "Charlotte goes to bed around eight o'clock," she said, thinking aloud. "And...oh, shoot! I forgot that everybody's spending the night!" Percy stared at her. "There's Sally and Paul's bedroom, right? And yours? And Charlotte's, but she has a crib...and the couch," she said. "But there's you and me, and Piper and Jason, and Frank and Hazel, and Will and Nico, and Leo and Calypso...that's five beds, assuming they're all okay with that." "We'll work something out," Percy assured her. "Don't stress about it. We're not even in the air yet and you're already freaking out. Gods, I'm the one that should be freaking out. I still don't know how you convinced me to fly." She smiled weakly. "I just want to finish planning it!" "Don't fret about it," he continued. "It's not like anybody cares about everything going smoothly." "When has anything involving you gone smoothly?" Annabeth pointed out. "Because I can't think of a time." "Hey!" "Just telling the truth. And we'll change that sometime or another," she said, shrugging as she turned back down to her notebook. Percy, perceiving that she wasn't going to let down on her preparation, slipped her notebook out of her lap and her pen out of her hand before Annabeth could defend herself. "Hey!" she protested. "Give that back!" He shook his head. "You're getting too worked up about this," he said, tucking the notebook into the narrow space between his chair and the window. "We can just wing it. Or...improvise. That's a word, right?" Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Yes, improvise is a word. And you just want to listen to music." "I mean, that's a bonus," said Percy, kissing her temple. "You know I'm going to be fighting to get my notebook back during this whole flight, right?" she warned. Percy shrugged. "Nothing I can't fend off." "We'll see about that," said Annabeth, slumping back in her seat and beginning to flip through the available channels with great reluctance. "They should be here by now," Sally remarked anxiously, glancing down at her phone. "Percy hasn't replied to my text yet." "I doubt anything's happened," Paul said reassuringly, though he wasn't so sure himself. Knowing his stepson and his girlfriend, trouble could be anywhere. And an airport was a very liable location for an attack. Sally looked around once more, Charlotte tugging at the sleeve of her jacket. "Mommy, I'm hungry," she whined. "I know, honey, I'm sorry," said Sally. "When Percy and Annabeth get here you guys are going to grab a snack and go home." "Mommy," groaned Charlotte. "I'm hungry!" She sighed. "I'm sorry, sweetie, you're just going to have to be patient. They should be here soon." "Here," Paul said, "you two can go to Starbucks and I'll stay here with the bags for when Percy and Annabeth get here, alright?" "Paul, what is there for her to eat at Starbucks?" asked Sally desperately, taking Charlotte's hand. She didn't wait for a reply from her husband and set off in the direction of the food court. The food court wasn't too far away from the terminal they were waiting at. As expected, there was a long line at Starbucks that Sally reluctantly joined with Charlotte by her side. Surprisingly, Charlotte was very patient until they reached the barista, which didn't take as long as Sally thought it would. For herself, she ordered an iced coffee and for Charlotte a steamed apple juice as well as a chocolate chip cookie. As they stood to the side waiting for their drinks and dessert, Charlotte exclaimed "Annie!" and jetted away. Sally immediately followed. To her surprise, Charlotte had spotted Percy and Annabeth waiting in line, oblivious to the other customers. Annabeth turned, surprised, before bending down and hugging the little girl. "Annie, Annie, Annie!" Charlotte shouted, jumping up and down through the embrace. "Hi, Charlotte," Annabeth said, laughing. "I've missed you!" "No love for your brother?" teased Percy, folding his arms across his chest behind the two. Charlotte immediately pulled away from Annabeth and raced to Percy, who smoothly scooped her up off the ground. She buried her head on his shoulder with her arms wrapped tightly around his neck. "Annabeth wasn't the only one who missed you," he said into her ear. Charlotte giggled. Sally, stunned by the coincidence of the situation, barely had time to say her hellos before the barista called her name. Charlotte skipped over to the counter with her mom, leaving Percy and Annabeth by themselves for a splitsecond. "We've got to go," said Annabeth tensely. "We're not going to have much time to get ready...it's already, what-" She glanced at her phone. "-four-thirty. I told them six-thirty." He wrapped an arm around her waist. "It's fine, Wise Girl. Everything will work out." Sally and Charlotte soon returned. "Our flight is supposed to start loading soon," Sally told them. "Where all are you and Paul going again?" asked Annabeth. "We're flying into Chicago, spending a few days there, and then heading down to Springfield to be with Paul's sister, Cameron," she answered. "We probably need to load our bags, actually...would you two mind if Charlotte stayed with you? I'm going to tell Paul that we found you-he stayed at a bench with our bags waiting for you. Oh, did you get my text?" "Text?" said Percy, pulling out his phone. "No…." She frowned. "Oh, that's funny. It said it delivered." Annabeth gently took Percy's phone from his hand, pulling up the bottom menu. "You're on airplane mode, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth laughed. "Oh," said Percy, rubbing the back of his neck. "Whoops." His mom chuckled before leaving the the three in the line. "We probably should head on and grab a taxi," said Annabeth nervously, biting her lip again like she always did when she was anxious. "I think they came in the car, didn't they?" said Percy. When Annabeth shrugged, he bent down and said to Charlotte, "Did you come here in your daddy's car?" Charlotte took a nice swig of her apple juice through her straw first ("Priorities," Percy commented), before replying, "Yeah!" Annabeth smiled. "Great, that's one less thing to worry about," she said. "But we still need to leave in the next five minutes." "Doesn't look like that's going to happen," Percy remarked, jerking his head in the direction of the people standing in front of them. "There's such thing as getting out of line, you know," said Annabeth. "Percy!" cried Charlotte. Both Percy and Annabeth looked down at her, not used to another person in their familial conversations. "What's wrong, Charlie?" said Percy. Charlotte giggled. "My name's not Charlie! I have to potty!" "I can take you," Annabeth volunteered, pulling her up to rest on her hip. "Do you mind…?" Percy shook his head. "No, go ahead. What do you want?" "I'll have a Pike Place Roast," she answered. "Pike Place Roast. Got it." He leaned over and gave her a quick kiss. Charlotte covered her eyes. "Mommy and Daddy do that," she told Annabeth matter-of-factly as they walked in the direction of the restrooms. Annabeth raised her eyebrows. "Really?" she said with a dramatically animated expression, as most people do when speaking to three-year-olds. Charlotte gave a big nod. "Mommy said it's what mommies and daddies do." "Oh," said Annabeth. "Annabeths and Percys do it too, then." "You're a mommy?!" "No," she said slowly. "Mommies have kids. Percy and I don't...um, have kids." (The topic of prospective children was the only topic that could truly make Annabeth Chase uncomfortable. Even if it was with three-year-olds.) "But...but little sister!" "I don't think you're going to get a little sister," Annabeth said. "Santa," said Charlotte firmly. "Santa can have one!" "We'll see about that," said Annabeth warily as they stepped into the women's restroom. "Can you go by yourself, or do you want me to come with you?" "You've got a cute daughter, sir." Percy turned around to see a man, who looked to be in his mid-forties, looking at him expectantly. "Oh, Charlotte's not my daughter," Percy clarified quickly. "She's my sister." "Oh," said the man awkwardly. "Well, she looks a lot like your wife, then." Percy didn't bother explaining that situation as he stepped up to order his and Annabeth's drinks. When Annabeth and Charlotte returned, Percy was leaning against a wall near the coffee shop. "Here's yours," said Percy, handing his girlfriend her coffee. "Thanks," said Annabeth. "Where's your mom?" "I just got her text from earlier. They were camped over at a bench near here, but they were loading up their luggage, so they're probably not stationed over there," said Percy, quickly looking