He walks through the doors, with a scowl plastered in his face. He's got elfish features. Pointed ears, curly brown hair. It would have looked adorable had it not been for the permanent scowl on his face. The teachers talk to him in the sweetest manner possible. They're all smiles for him. He's showered with compliment, smiles, hugs. She wonders if he's grown tired of it. Apparently not, since the scowl doesn't leave. Behind doors, the teachers talk in hushed whispers about the new boy. He's very rich. He also lost his mother a month back. He doesn't talk, ever. Not with the students or the teachers. Even the teachers seem to have given up. He sits on his desk, away from the others and eats his lunch alone as well. One day, during a break, while playing tag with her friends, Reyna has the sudden desire to go the loo. As she's heading towards the loo, she spots a boy in the distance with a candle. Uh-oh. Even at the age of eight, Reyna had never been a rule-breaker. She was born a leader. A kid with fire can't be any good. She decides she has to inspect the scene. Upon nearing the scene, Reyna completely forgets about rules and is awestruck at the sight before her. His hand is dancing over the flame, and he seems completely unfazed. He's also singing a song, a lullaby...in Spanish. Lord, it's been long since she's heard someone sing in Spanish. She's almost forgotten what it's like. Ever since her mom left them, her father hasn't quite been the same. Nor have she and Hylla. Her father is drunk or working most nights. Hylla carries quite the burden. Leo's realized someone's watching him. She's standing there and he's staring at her. He's also stopped singing as well. She's the first to speak up, "You play with fire?" The answer to her question is a reluctant nod. A few moments of silence pass until, "...That's so cool." And then, Reyna sees a smile so bright, she's almost blinded. His front teeth are missing. And Reyna decides she likes this smile. Leo is guiding her through the crowds, all the way to his roof. Ten year old Reyna is absolutely terrified. There are so, so many people. They're all talking and laughing. The grown-ups, she notices, are drinking this liquid which looks apple juice. But, no kid is drinking it. When Reyna went to pick up a glass, the waiter took it away from her, and handed her a in a fancy glass instead. She's so intimidated, but when Leo gives her a smile, a knot somewhere untangles, and Reyna is able to breathe again. They're best friends, that's what everyone says. It's a New Years Party, Leo was explaining a few hours back. Reyna's never seen a party this grand. Her parents are here as well, along with Hylla. After that, she gave up, and stuck to hanging with Leo. She didn't cry though. Reyna was a big girl, and big girls don't cry. Leo says there's going to be a firework show, and Reyna is excited. She hears they're the best anywhere. She's thrilled at the prospect of seeing fireworks, along with her best friend. The rumors weren't wrong. They are the best ever. She looks beside, to see Leo staring at the sky, the fireworks being reflected in his own orbs. She's so happy, she wants to dance right then and there. And luckily, there is an after dance, and she and Leo go completely wild. She goes home that night, and sleeps like a log. And she dreams. She dreams of magic, of fizzy golden liquids and of blinding grins. (The scowl wasn't permanent, after all.) They're walking towards Leo's car. His elder brother, Charles has come to pick them up. Leo's not allowed to drive yet, but he can. (Not really, though he'll never admit.) He's still 12 , his father says. It's a Porsche. His father owns this huge mechanical something company. Leo tried explaining it to her once, but she lost him when he got to the third 'motor'. Beckendorf-Charles- is in high school. He's actually Leo's step brother but they're both very similar to each other. They both prefer machines to people. They spend hours at their father's workshop. They're actually quite smart, the pair of them. The only difference between them is that Beckendorf doesn't talk much. He only ever talks with his girlfriend, Silena quite a lot. Leo, on the other hand is the loudest in the class. It's impossible to stand next to him and not attract attention. Super-sized McShizzle. He's all scrawny limbs and arms, curly hair and blinding grins. It's New Years. They're at Leo's house for their annual gala, hosted by him step mom. She's a young lady and the prettiest in the whole country. Hell, she was probably the prettiest in the whole continent. Reyna's never seen a woman this pretty. Leo's father is the complete opposite. She's also Piper's mom. Piper is Leo's closest friend after Reyna. Leo and Reyna are standing next to each other, like always. Everybody is on the rooftop. The fireworks are just about to go off. There's something in the air tonight that fills Reyna up with new found vigor. It's cold. But, Leo's warm. Always has been. Probably because of the fire-dude thing (They're called pyros, she'd learned later on.) "10..9..8..7.." The countdown has begun. Everybody is counting in sync. Reyna looks down to see Leo counting as well (He's shorter than her. Most boys are.) "6..5..4.." Reyna finds herself counting along with the other as well. "2..1..Happy New Year!" Joyous exclamations are bursting out everywhere. People are wishing their loved ones. Everyone's hugging or kissing one another. Reyna's praying. She's praying for everyone, thanking Him for everything. She looks to her left and hugs Hylla. "Happy New Year, Reyna." Reyna wishes back as well. She turns to her Leo, finding him doing the same. He's smiling at her. It's one of those rare Leo smiles that are reserved for the only people he loves. She's seen it before. For Beckendorf, for Nyssa, for his little brother Harley. These are the people in his world. She's also seen it for her. (She's seen something similar, long ago, two teeth missing.) "Happy New Year, Reyna." Reyna can't help but smile as well. "Happy New Year, Leo." The fireworks go off, and they both turn, facing the stunning display by Leo's father and his company. There are oohs and ahhs in the crowd. It's always better than the last one. She' smiling and so is he. "Oi! Wait up, would ya?" A voice yells across the hallway. Reyna turns to see Leo running towards her, his curls bouncing. Everyone else in the hallway starts giggling. They're convinced there's something between Leo and Reyna. It's a disgusting thought. Her and Leo is practically incest. Leo is completely oblivious to the excited whispers around them. A glare from Reyna is enough to shut them up. When he's next to her, "I'm supposed to pick you up, because you go in my car." Leo's never won any argument against her. "A) That isn't actually your car. It's your brother's. B) I'm quite sure Beckendorf enjoys my company more than yours." Leo only scoffs to that. "She's right." He's standing there, waiting for them. Reyna laughs as Leo groans and they walk towards the Ford Mustang. Reyna's alone on her rooftop. There's a bottle of vodka next to her. She's contemplating on what to do with it. She's clearly not thinking straight; she lifts the bottle and she's just about to take a sip, when a voice interrupts her. "Reyna, stop." Reyna's in a daze. She turns to see a set of scrawny limbs and arms, with dark eyes and darker hair, walking towards her. Leo snatches the bottle away from her and places it out of her reach. "What do you think you're doing?" He's slightly mad. She just shrugs. He looks at her and then lets out a sigh. He sits down and begins, "I know it's tough. It's not easy. It never is. I know how it sucks. I've lost a parent too." "Well, I've lost two." Reyna doesn't know who she is at the moment. She's never mourned for her life, however it hit her. Now she's going to start? Leo finally looks at her. His chocolate colored eyes bore into her, as if trying to figure out who she truly is. But he knows, doesn't he? There's so much of emotion in his eyes right now. And so many cracks. She wonders it that's how her eyes are now. "Reyna...I honestly don't know what to say. I'm better with machines than people, you know that. You're the same. You're better with weapons than people. We're similar that way. (Reyna's been training in combat since she was 10.) Reyna is surprised at Leo's observation. He's noticed? "I probably would have been the world's biggest screw up had it not been for you. When I lost my mom, I was convinced that I was truly alone in this world. Until the day his one girl with scary eyes, who spoke my language, Espagnol walked up to me." There's something running down Reyna's cheeks. It's wet and she tastes salt. "What I'm saying is, you always have someone. Whether or not you like it, you'll always have me. No matter what. It's crappy to lose both your parents and it's going to be painful. But, maybe, you can share that pain with someone. That's why I'm here." Tears are making their way down Reyna's face furiously now. She's a mess. But she doesn't care and neither does Leo. She's holding onto Leo, hanging onto him, like he's the only thing holding her together and preventing her from falling apart. (He probably is.) They stay there, until Reyna's sobs die down and she's breathing heavily. Leo calls Charles to carry her down to her room. (She looks so peaceful while sleeping, Leo almost pretends everything is alright.) It's the last day of the year. Everyone is excited. Reyna's had a tough year. Hylla left for college that year. She's been living with Leo's family ever since her father passed away. (But Leo is practically family.) It's nice, she supposes. But, sometimes, she misses that smell of freshly cooked quesadillas her father prepared on the days he was in a good mood and sound mind. She misses Hylla, as well. She writes emails and Hylla tries to reply as soon as she can. (College is tough, Hylla says.) They're standing on their spot again. Her and Leo. He's got an arm around her shoulders They're the same height now, her and Leo. The fireworks show this year is supposed to be amazing. (She buries her face in Leo's neck when the display in the memory of her father lights up.) It's been one helluva year. She's changed. (They all have.) She's looking at Leo now. His hair is mess. She wants to run her fingers through them. They look so soft and so curly. She wants to pat down the curls. He's smiling at her but this time her reaction to it is different. She smiles back, and thanks her father for the dark complexion. (The blush might have been too evident.) She's leaning into him (naturally), and for now everything is alright. (She remembers how they stood like this every year and can't remember a time they haven't) The last two years of high school are crazy. It's difficult, especially when you're preparing for Princeton. A lot has happened in the past two years. There's a new girl in school. She's got caramel colored hair and light eyes. She's very pretty and has an exotic name as well. Calypso. Like a song. She's also Leo's girlfriend. They're still the best of friends, her and Leo. Inseparable, like