1. The Facts of Life Blinding, something was shining on my face. I opened my eyes. Pleasantly to my surprise, I discovered I was outside. I was forced to squint, the sun was blazing in my direction. It had just reached the rim above the mountain tops but that was enough to rouse me from my slumber. "Damnit" I couldn't believe it. I'd fallen asleep outside of Nessie's house. Again. I needed to stop this habit of mine it was starting to become some sort of strange tradition. It felt perfectly normal sleeping outside in my wolf form, but I really needed to go home to my dad at night. He still worried about me when I didn't come home at night, the fact that I was a full grown male adult/werewolf didn't change his judgment. My dad should give me more credit and worry less. A man of his age shouldn't worry so much its not good for his health. If he did think I wasn't safe alone with vampires he was wrong, or so far he was wrong. It had been over six years and still I hadn't been attacked by Edward or Bella or Nessie. Actually Nessie tried to sneak tackle me every once and a while but that didn't count. When was my dad going to be able to trust them? I did. Edward and I were somewhat aquanteces, I'd even venture to call us friends. He wouldn't hurt me and Bella she would never lay a finger on me. The mental image of her trying to attack me cracked me up. Then I remembered the time when she had actually lunged for me. The memory triggered the mental image of poor Seth jumping infront of myself to save me. Since then, Bella never tried to attack me. I knew she could attack me, if she really wanted, but she wouldn't. She was just Bella to me, even after her transformation into a bloodsucker. Nessie must have heard me wake up because I saw and heard her rushing. Rushing back, from what I inferred was an early morning hunting trip. She made her way into the little clearing in front of the house. She stopped and waved to me from the opposite side of the clearing. I didn't respond to her motion. "Jacob?", she asked confused pulling her eyebrows slightly together. She waved more slowly again this time. I couldn't reply. I was still half asleep and dazed. I was dazed by her. Today was an uncommonly sunny day in Washington. It was not overcast nor gloomy. The sun was being reflected off her skin and made her shiny. She twinkled. I didn't know any better word to describe it. Her shine was not as obvious as the Cullen's. But whenever she stepped into the light she still had the same glow. I brought myself back to reality and flashed her a grin. "See you inside" She said still standing on the outer rim of the clearing. She looked at me a little differently this time before she left. She did not seem like she was confused but I couldn't be sure. Her facial expressions were always maturing as she grew older. I had never seen this expression on her face before. A second after she saw me looking at her stare, she dashed into the cottage. That was strange. She usually would let me study her expressions. Nessie always wanted to share what she was feeling with me. I was going to follow her inside to take a deeper look into her weird behavior. But before I could even start after her, Edward took her place in the clearing where Nessie had stood less than second ago. He greeted me, "Good morning Jacob." There was no cheer in his voice or face when he addressed me. He had no expression. What was up with everyone today? I wondered if I needed a haircut. Maybe my hair was too shaggy that I started to become unrecognizable. It had been a long time since I'd cut my hair last. Actually I couldn't remember the last time I had cut my hair. I would need to cut my hair soon. I would make that a priority. I nodded to him. Nodding was my typical greeting to most people. I was going to nod to Bella but she was no where to be seen. She wasn't in her usual spot, close to the left side of Edward. Where was she? Edward and Bella always arrived back from hunting together. I heard her running in the distance. She was still several seconds away. This was Interesting. Edward never ran faster than Bella he always slowed down to keep pace with her on trips. Maybe, my unruly hair was not the cause of the anomalous behavior today. First there was the stares, now Edward leaving Bella behind. That was absolutely an atypical action of his. His appearance did seem a little off- "We decided to have to have a race today" Edward broke the silence with the answer to my thoughts. That sounded suspicious. If he was trying to delude me into thinking that he was acting normal, he was wrong. Bella was nowhere near as fast as Edward. Edward knew that, he was untouchable to his wife. He must have known that . . .He did know that. Bella would know that too, so why would she agree to a race. Maybe Bella wanted to race to see if she could keep up with Edward, or to see the distance between their speeds. For whatever reason, I still thought the whole predicament was bizarre. Bella made her way into the clearing. It had been maybe five seconds since Edward had first appeared. I wasn't a vampire expert but I was pretty sure five seconds was an extremely large margarine for vampire's speeds to vary. Edward must have been sprinting. Before I could continue to wander with my thoughts Bella spoke. "You win." Bella said to Edward with a hint of disappointment behind her sheepish smile. "Now, I believe you owe me a kiss." Edward said to Bella disregarding my presence. "Okay, fine" Bella said reluctantly. She then leaned on to her tippy toes to give him a peck on the cheek. "This is what we agreed on love. I suggested the loser buy the winner a new Bentley, but you wanted this. You wouldn't change your mind so-". "I know. I know." Bella said shushing Edward midway through his argument. She saw me and gave me a cheerful "Hi Jake" Her enthusiasm was real, unlike Edwards. I gave hear a smile. I actually wanted to talk to her. She was the only person not acting weird towards me. What a relief, now I knew I wasn't the cause of the unreadable stares. But Bella was used to my wolf form tame or shaggy, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised. Yeah, I would definitely cut my hair if it made people uncomfortable. It was kind of becoming a nuisance; I stepped on it the other day. I glanced at Edward; he was still looking at me. This is just great. His face still looked expressionless but now his eyes almost looked thoughtful. Just as I was analyzing him more, he snapped his head upward and feigned watching a bird group of birds fly southward. The weirdo wasn't fooling me. Well, Bella did tell me that Bloodsuckers get distracted easily. Haha. When she told me that, I remember thinking that ADHD was a side effect of becoming a vampire. Edward must have been listening to me because I saw smirk come across his expressionless face. "Jake, why did you spend the night out here? You know Esme had an extra room built for you." Bella said accusingly now. I made a face. The thought of Esme caring about me still surprised me. She was a leech and I was a werewolf. She had 'my room' added onto the house before the Cullens left, she called it a "parting gift". I had used the room the first night it was presented to me but i didn't like it. The entire night I was on edge, it was too big and reeked of bloodsuckers. Overall, it was uncomfortable. I hadn't slept in "my room" since that night. "Esme would be sad if she knew you didn't use the room" she said disapprovingly. I don't care if her feelings get hurt I thought but then surprisingly I felt guilty. "Jake she practically thinks of you as her son." Ouch. If I didn't feel guilty before, I did now. I gave a little pleading howl. Esme always was motherly towards "her kids" though they didn't need the extra care. She even was nice to the pack. She would always offer us food and drink when we stopped by the house. I never did anything kid towards her. I didn't deserve whatever love she felt towards me. She was a nice lady, even though caring for me went against her nature. It was wrong, backwards, and unconventional. But then again everything between the Cullens and I was unconventional. Our relationship went against the grain. Edward, tell Bella I'm gunna phase real quick so I can talk to her. I rushed behind a tree and changed back. It was so easy to control myself. "Okay Bella, I wasn't planning on sleeping outside last night but it just happened. I wasn't purposely avoiding sleeping in umm . . .my room". I said. "Okay Jake I believe you. But why did you fall asleep outside?" she sounded a little concerned. Her eyebrows came slightly together. Even though Bella was vampire, she was still was one of my best friends. I was glad she still showed me that she cared with the little things. The little things are the things that matter. She was still the same old Bella. The only difference was that she was a lot less fragile now. "I don't remember. I think I was on my way to my dad's but I just crashed." , was my answer to her question. "Okay well you should probably go check in with Billy. I'll see when you get back." Then Bella zoomed away into the house after Nessie. I didn't need to check in with my dad. I was an adult. That comment ticked me off a bit but before I could dwell on it, my attention was diverted. Edward still remained in the clearing and his skin was almost blinding. I had to squint in order to see him. Edward slowly made eye contact with me and calmly said, "Jacob may I have a word with you?" "Um sure. What do you wanna talk about?" I said as I strode over towards him. "Well I think you should give Billy a visit." He had the same expressionless look on his face but now I thought I saw pain in his eyes and his voice had maybe a hint of urgency. "Why? Did something happen?" I said bewildered. "I Think you should go and see yourself" His eyes were almost pleading now. I looked towards the house. I wanted to be with Renesmee. She thought I would be walking in the door any second now. She probably was wondering where I was right now. "Jacob I'll tell her. Now go." Edward said this with no hostility usually he hated it when I thought about Renesmee. I nodded to him, and started walking away. When my pants were securely tied around my ankle, I phased and ran as fast as I could. What the hell was Edward talking about? Was something wrong? Of course something was wrong, that's why he was acting so weird today. But still Renesmee. . .What if something happened to my dad? Or the Pack? I tried to listen but it was silent. All I heard and saw were the creatures and the forest as