Hey there! Welcome to my newest fic! This story is unlike any other I've written before. I know, I know, tenth walker stories are often seen as cliché but I promise there will be no Legolas/OC or instant mastery of weapons in this fic. You also don't see many 10th Walker fics with males as the OC so I truly hope you enjoy the first chapter of Through Hazy Eyes! (I'm also a fan of 10th walker fics so if you have any recommendations, please share them in your reviews!) Moonlight streams through an open window. I blink lazily and wipe the crust buildup out of my eyes, the cloud of sleep still hanging heavily over me. My fingers slip through crisp white sheets and the familiar itch bristles up and down my arms, the craving, the hunger. Wait. My eyes dart around the room. Where peeling wallpaper should be, there are white walls, glaring at me with blank stares. Instead of the broken and battered mattress that lays in the corner of the piss stained apartment, my back sinks into the cushion of a four-post bed. This isn't my apartment. No, no, no, no! My heart beats wildly in my chest the more my senses come together. I bolt upright and run my hands through tangled hair, flecks of black nail polish chipping off as I do so. Pushing back the sheets, I stumble out of bed and curse as a frilly white, night shirt falls above my knees. "What the hell…" I mutter and stumble toward the door. "Please don't be locked," I whisper as I grasp the brass handle. Surprise almost knocks me off my feet when the door swings open. The hall is empty, which is strange. Where are the nurses and orderlies? The other junkies? Twisting my neck in both directions, I see no signs of movement and decide it's safe to venture out. Skulking along the stone floor I scratch at my neck, a habit I could never quite kick, among others. How long had it been since my last fix? Several days at least. I shake my head in disappointment and frustration. Had I blacked out? How else would someone have landed me in this crap hole? "Stupid, stupid!" I bang my fist against the wall. The further I walk, the more maze like the place becomes. Halls turn left and right, right, then left again, but they never seem to lead anywhere. For all I know, I'm working my way further into this place than out of it. Wherever this place is…it didn't look like any 12 Step facility I'd ever visited. Everything was decorated so strangely, like it was out of some fantasy novel. Tapestries that look hundreds of years old flank each wall, depicting images of dragons and elves and war amidst intricately designed woodwork that wraps around every column and railing. My fingers twitch anxiously at my sides. I need a fix, even if it was just a small one. My skin feels tight, like it's stretched too tightly over my bones. By the time I reach the end of what must be the seventh or eighth hall, beads of sweat drip down my face. The corridor leads to a dead end where a tall door stands, cracked open. Great, I wonder, maybe this is like that hotel in American Horror Story where all the halls are dead ends and there are false rooms where some wack job murderer kills you. Excellent job, Aaron, you're gonna die here. I eye the door suspiciously, shrug, and push it open. We've all gotta go someday. Clasping the hem of the hospital gown in my sweaty palms, I shuffle in to the darkness before me. To my surprise, the hall shimmers, and glows as I work my way around the bends, reflecting moonlight from a skylight high in the curved ceiling. Rows upon rows of shelves lined with books hug each wall. Candles of various shapes and colors cast haunting shadows amongst the towers. Fire and fiction, I muse, even I know that's a dangerous combination. This must be an office. It has to be. Addicts wouldn't be trusted around open flame, not when they've been forced into a recovery program. This place would be up in flames faster than a match lights a gasoline fire. Something was off here. The sound of a door shutting from the upper level instantly sends me into a frenzy. Hide is the only thought I can manage. Under the table? Yes. That'll work. Diving under the nearest desk I hold my breath, waiting. Gentle footsteps pad over the marble floor but don't reach the stairs. Maybe they didn't see me. "You're awake." The voice of a man carries over the banister. It's deep and foreign. He speaks calmly but his voice commands authority. A doctor no less. My hearts hammers in my chest, my lungs feel like balloons pumped too full of helium, ready to burst. Fear suddenly creeps into my heart, pumping out through my veins until my whole body aches and shudders with it. "I saw you go under the table," the voice says, "you can come out. We can help you." I swallow the increasing lump in my throat and blink hard as an onslaught of thoughts assaults my brain. "We can help you." Bullshit. They can't do shit. Don't get up. Don't go out. A face appears directly in front of me. I jump, startled, and smack my head on the underside of the desk. "Fuck!" I yell and cradle the spot that hit the hard wood. The man before me furrows his brow, "Hello to you too." He extends a hand, "Come." I ignore it and crawl out from under the desk, making sure to keep as much distance between me and the doctor as possible. "Look," I say, "I don't know what you think you can help me with but I'm doing just fine on my own." "Oh I can tell, seeing as how you were found half alive just outside my home." Home? I lift my eyes toward the doctor and almost fall over. The man before me looks like something out of a sci-fi movie or one of those dudes that cosplay at Comic Con. Why did I even know the word cosplay? Whatever. Silver robes fall around his feet, shimmering the same way the walls do in the moonlight. His long dark hair reaches below his chest, decorated with braids and silver circlet, which adorns his high forehead. "Who the hell are you?" He places a fist over his chest in greeting, "I am Elrond, Lord of these lands." "Wait," I pause, a glimpse of a smile twitches at the corners of my lips. "You're not a doctor?" "I am healer." I clap my hands together as the pieces start to fall into place. "A healer! Tell me, where I am exactly?" "Rivendell." "As in Middle Earth? Like Frodo-take-the-ring-to-Mordor-it-all-starts-here-Rivendell?" Elrond's expression turns grave at the mention of Frodo and the Ring. "What do you know of the fellowship?" I shake my head in disbelief. I must be riding the high of my life right now. Coke has given me vivid dreams before, but this was the first time it all felt so incredibly real. "A pretty good amount. Aaron Harris, how do you do?" 000000 "Excuse me Elrond, er, Lord, Lord Elrond?" We'd been walking in silence for the last ten minutes and it was starting to get to me. The elf inclines an eyebrow toward me, a silent gesture that says its ok to speak. "I was wondering if I could have my clothes back? Your dress, I mean shirt, is nice and all but I'd much rather have my own clothes if you don't mind. You'd think since this is my dream I could just imagine clothes and poof! They'd be on, right?" Elrond eyes me quizzically, "Right." He pauses before a door. "This is your room. Your clothes are in there along with everything we found on you, the night you appeared in Rivendell. I'll send one of my sons for you shortly." He bows his head and leaves me alone. I smile and spring onto the bed, sinking into the deep mattress, the cushion enveloping me like a warm embrace. My clothes sit in a neat folded pile at the foot of the bed. With little grace, I pull on my jeans under the night shirt, wiggling them on one leg at a time. I tug the nightgown off over my head and throw it aside, a crumpled heap in front of the mirror. I grimace at my reflection. I hate mirrors, at my apartment I'd either broken or gotten rid of every one. I didn't need a visual reminder of the havoc I wreck on my body, of the man staring back at me right now. Who would? Pale skin and ribs stick out where there should be lean muscle and fat. An array of tattoos cover the left half of my chest and side, several mark my arms and legs, images of nature, mementos, and scrawled out quotes that have long since lost their meaning. Dark curls frame my square face, my eyes light and hollow in my skull. My lip curls in disgust as the familiar distain builds up inside my chest. A sudden burst of anger and rage fills my chest and my fist collides with the mirror. It shatters upon impact. Jagged bits of glass fall around my feet as tears sting my eyes. Drops of blood spatter the ground, dripping from the fresh cuts in his hand. Whatever warm feeling I'd felt previously dissipates and I feel the craving as strong as ever. "This is your dream," I breathe heavily, "you're safe here." I pull on my t-shirt, a faded Springsteen tee my dad had given me years ago, and a red and black flannel. I shove my feet into worn-out Converse and quickly note the slight bulge in the toe. A wide smile quickly reappears on my face, "This dream may have just gotten better." Kicking the shoe off, I shove my fingers inside and let out a small cheer when I feel the familiar crinkle of plastic. I pull out a small Ziploc full of white powder. Hungrily I pry open the bag and scoop a small pile onto the back of my hand. After delicately pushing it into a line I plug my left nostril and snort it, welcoming the burn as it singes my nose. I lick my fingers and return the bag to my shoe, that way no one could take it from me. I know the high won't be long but I don't care, if I run out in this dream surely, I can just reimagine more. I chuckle to myself. What a dream this could turn into. "Master Aaron?" I spin on my heel, almost falling over as I do so, "Who wants to know?" My fingers brush against my nose, dusting off any remaining powder. An elf stands in the doorway, "My father sent me for you. My name is Elrohir. Lord Elrond is my father." I scratch the back of his head as if I really have something to ponder, "Yeah ok," I stretch out my hand, "How do you do?" Elrohir eyes my hand as if it's riddled with disease. I glance down and see the dried blood on my hand beginning to flake. "Oh," I laugh. "Got into a little scrap with the mirror. The guy inside of it was giving me looks." Elrohir offers little reaction. I shrug and shove my hands into my pockets, "Tough crowd I guess." "Let me see that," Elrohir glides into the room and takes my arm before I can protest. Hesitantly I pull my hand out of my pocket and let him examine it. "These wounds are superficial. Allow me to clean them before we join the others."