Guess who's back, back again. i am back, tell a friend. hey, guys what's going on. yes, i am back with a new story. i will be doing better with updating because i am on summer break with nothing but time because i have nothing to do. (sad tears) so i have been writing every day so i got some this story started. i wanted to get up before the summer ends and before the whole twilight thing dies down. so that's what we're shooting for. before i get to the story, you know i got tell you guys some things. one, i had a hard ace time with this title so if you dont like it, i dont know what to tell you. 2, i'm trying my hands at different povs so it will be going back and forward between bella and edward. 3 and probably the last thing before we start, bella is suppose to be like really smart in this story. because of this, there might be some words not normally used in every day convo. i'm pretty you can just click on the word and press "search" to find out what something means, but if you dont, i will post a mini dictionary probably at the beginning of the next chp or something. ...oh, one more thing: if there is anything that might remind you of AP or AM, this is not a conclusion of those stories, i didnt do it on purpose. just a heads up... enough of me. sorry. enjoy the first chp. as always, not beta so please go easy on the grammar comments. Chapter I (Bpov) High school. It's supposed to be the best four years of your life – well until college, anyways – but that is far from the true when it comes to Isabella Swan, which is me, by the way. It started in freshman year. Coming from an elementary school where I wore nothing but strict uniform that I followed like my life depended on it, it is an understatement that fashion wasn't exactly my strongest suit when I came to high school. However, considering most of my classmates were with me at said school, one might assume that was a poor excuse. It's not that I really care about my fashion sense, or lack there is as the popular girls like point out ever so often. I personally think that people – teenagers, especially – put an extreme amount of thought into what they wear every morning. I mean the girls here act as if they're attempting to astonish a movie producer or something. I personally think they're just something to keep people from being bare and unprotected while moving from point A to B. This is why I stick to my loose fitting jeans and t-shirts I had forever. They're comfortable, inexpensive, nor are they very hard to find in stores. Most importantly, I don't feel as if I'm going to suffocate from lack of oxygen like I'm sure some of these girls do. Then there's my sophomore year. That year was a little better than the first, I suppose. Somehow, the most popular girl in school, Rosalie Hale, chose me to partner for a project we had to do in our English class. She wasn't focus to do so; she actually picked me by choice. It didn't surprise me when the teacher told us to pick someone to work with and she walked over to me. I thought she was going to make fun of me for always working alone, but she didn't. However, it did surprise me when she smiled and asked if she could work with me. Then as we worked, she never pushed all the work on me like nor did she blow me off or make fun of me in front of her other friends as I thought she would. We shared the work equally and end up getting an A on the project. She actually stood up for me when people picked on me and told everyone I was her friend. It didn't stop people from making fun of me, but it did decrease it. Someone who would label her as the typical dumb blonde cheerleader, but she was way smarter that people think. She is one of the smartest and nicest people I have ever met. That could be why she's one of my best and only friends at Forks High School. If anyone thought I was lying about that, they should take a look at our lockers. I opened my locker and smiled at what I saw. The proof is in the pictures we take together that is taped all over the inside of the metal doors as well as the walls of our bedrooms. However, I could see why people would still be skepticism our relationship. Rosalie Hale, the definition of a golden girl. She has golden blonde hair with shiny deep blue eyes that would make the deepest and prettiest ocean look dull. She was the typical cheerleader, which is funny because she wasn't typically a cheerleader. But then there's me. The girl with the glasses, oversize clothes that look like they should belong to a boy, and has her hair in a messy ponytail every day. Not only that, but I'm the one who cares more about studying and passing all my classes than I do about hair and parties. I was the typical nerd. We weren't supposed to get along as well as we do. This is why I decided what I did. Two weeks ago, on of first day as high school seniors, I made a promise to myself that this year would be different. I would no longer be known as Rosalie's dorky friend that "she probably hanging out with me because she feels sorry for me" other girls words, not mine. I would reinvent myself and live the life a high school student should. However, I don't think I was off to a good start considering I was still staying at home on the weekends, skipping lunch to study in the library and still look the way I do. I sighed at the thought. Honestly, I think the promise was easier to make then to follow through on. The problem was, I don't know where to begin. I grabbed my books and I closed my locker door. After I did, I turned to walk to the library for another lunch along, but then I became motionless. I saw the football team walking towards me. The sight froze me. Of course he was in front, leading the pack with his girlfriend on his left. Tanya, the head cheerleader, and the occasionally – by that I mean more than I would like – throne in my side. He walked through the hall like he own the school as he tosses his football in the air then catching it to toss it again. he was the quarterback and the captain of our football team. His bronze hair was perfectly messy, like controlled chaos. I'm pretty sure that's exactly what he was going for. I wondered how long it took him to perfect that "Look at me. I just roll out of the bed looking this hot" look every morning. I'm sure he would be more than happy to learn he got what he was aiming for. His Leatherman jacket hung loosely on his body. I hear all the time from all the students that he has the built of Eli Manning with the slingshot arm to match. I honestly didn't know what either of those meant since I never watched a game in my life. It was no wondered why he was most wanted boy in school. He was Edward Cullen. Regardless, the All-American-Pretty-Boy wasn't the reason my whole being forgot how to move. As the group of guys passed me, one was walking too close and bumped into me. When he did, I lost control of my hands and everything I was holding spilled out of them. "No." I groaned as I looked down as my paper spread across the hall floor. I knew no one would help me because no one ever does when something like this happens. I even heard a few giggles. Blood rose to my face and heated it. I should grab my papers before people step all over my papers and my embarrassment worsens. I bended down to gather. "Are these yours?" I heard a voice as I was picking up my books. I saw papers being handed out for me. I looked up to see who helping me. I thought it was teacher and I was ready to get him a polite smile. The thought to do anything flew out of my head when I saw who it was. Jasper Hale. He was the second half of the "twins of golden perfection", as people called them. He was my best friend's twin brother and the receiver for the team. He was also the reason I was frozen the first time. I've known most of my classmates, him and Rosalie included, since about sixth grade. I have been secretly in love with him ever since. He was smiling at me and helping with my papers. The image of him so close once again had me frozen in my place. "These papers; are they're yours?" he repeated when I didn't say anything back. I couldn't believe that he, of all people, was actually helping me. So I couldn't say anything back. His smile slipped in a worried one. "Are you okay?" he questioned. Wonderful, he thinks something mental wrong with me. Make a movement, say a word, do something so he doesn't think you are incapable of doing so. I nodded quickly. I was nodding so fast, my glasses slipped down. I gulped as I pushed them back up. This was not going well. "Yes, yes. Those are mine." I finally choked out. I handed out my hand for them. He gave a light chuckle as he stood up. I quickly followed him and held my books to me. I saw him flipping through the papers in his hand. He looked at me. "Isabella." He said. I'm sure he got it from my papers since I label everything with my full name and date. He looked at me. "I think I know you. You're friends with my sister, right?" he asked. Just I predicted, that was the only thing he knew me as. Because it wasn't like we went to the same school since sixth grade or anything. the thought was really sad. Regardless, I nodded quickly again, causing my glasses to slip again. Again I pushed them up. "You have a lot of stuff here. Some of this isn't even due for like weeks." He said as he handed them out to me. "I like to stay on top of my work, I suppose." I replied in a soft voice as I took them, carefully not to touch his hand as I do so. I would probably faint in the middle of the hallway if he touched me. If I wasn't embarrassed enough before, passing out in the middle of the hall from one simple touch would do it for sure. "That's cool." He said simply as he pushed his hands in the pockets of his jeans. "R-really." I shuddered. He shrugged. "Yeah, it's better to be ahead than behind." "Jasper." Someone called him. He turned to see was calling him. I looked to see Edward signaling Jasper. "Come on, dude. What the hell's the hold up?" he asked. "Here I come." Jasper answered back. He turned me and smiled at me again. "I have to go. Sorry about the run-in. I'll pay attention to where I'm going next time." He joked with a wink before turning away and jogging towards Edward. "It's okay." I said softly. So softly, I was pretty sure he didn't hear me for