Ok, so I realized that some of this stuff didn't quite flow as nicely as I'd liked so I edited it a teensy bit. Not much difference to the naked eye, but I'm OCD like that...So here's 'The Fellowship of the Rings take two'! (Oh, and The Two Towers is already written beginning to end. I just wanna edit/flesh it out a bit more, so stay tuned!) Well, hello there. Here's the deal, guys. I wrote this story because I wanted to spew out all the crap in my head. And there's a helluva lotta crap in my head. Now, I'm not pretending I wouldn't be grateful if you read and reviewed, but I'm just saying that Emeline's the way she is because she's not TECHNICALLY an OC, she's from another book. Which I happen to be writing. So just bear that in mind if you start thinking she's a Sue. Because on paper, yeah, fine, whatever, but in context she's really not...I won't give you spoilers here, but I think you'll know what I'm talking about when you get to a conversation she has with Legolas in the Mines of Moria. Anyway, point is that I wrote this with myself in mind, not the opinion of my audience, although said opinion is welcome and I will be grateful for it. Another thing, this is an eclectic mix of the books and the movies, so for instance when you get to the fight with the wolves, don't be all 'wtf? Where did that come from?'. It came from the books, that's where. And if you haven't read the books...SHAME ON YOU. Anyway, I typed quite a lot of this on my Blackberry, so if there are random capitals, blame it on my AutoCapitalizer, not me. Enjoy, and don't forget to review, even if it's negative! Negative criticism helps me better my writing! Emeline was walked down the road on her way to her combat class. It was a swelteringly hot day, not helped much by the fact that she was wearing full black gear and carrying heavy weaponry. The heat was so intense that she saw a haze appear in front of her. Ignoring it, she kept walking; but as she reached it, she felt a sensation as if she was falling. Which she was. "Oh, not again..." A minute of weightlessness later, Emeline fell with an uncomfortable thump onto the ground. The first thing she needed to do was duck. In order to avoid a sword. The person holding the sword was a man of indeterminable age with chin length dark brown hair. He looked rather surprised at her arrival. Emeline was used to this. Falling through portholes that idiotic warlocks had forgotten to close was common in Valkyrie, as was the generic surprised reaction from those surrounding her. Sword-swinging was a little rarer, but understandable nonetheless- after all, she had effectively just fallen from the sky. What happened next, however, surprised her. The man grabbed her arm and threw her to one side. "Oi!" she yelled. "What's the big ide...a..." The words died on her lips as she saw what the man had just saved her from. A hooded figure was seated atop a rearing black horse. It reminded her of these things called Dementors she'd encountered when she'd fallen into a place called Hogwarts for a couple of weeks. Minus the part where they made you relive your fears. Although these things didn't need to- they were terrifying anyway. Then, she noticed four others running around them. Children. Fine place to bring your kids, she thought to herself as she ducked to avoid the figure's sword. The man who had pushed her out of the way brandished a flaming stick at the wraiths and they shrank back. He managed to set one alight and they all fled. "Strider, help him!" One of the blonde boys was holding another one- with dark hair. He looked injured. The first words in Emeline's mind were 'parenting fail', but aloud she said, "What's wrong with him?" "Who are you?" asked the blonde boy suspiciously. "I won't let you near Master Frodo, I say. Just you try!" He brandished his sword menacingly so Emeline spread her arms, palms up, the universal gesture for Look-I'm-Not-Carrying-A-Big-Murderous-Weapon. (Well, in actual fact she was carrying a big murderous weapon. Several. But she didn't intend to use them, so they didn't need to know that...) "Guys, I'm not here to hurt you, I swear. Seriously, I just need to find a wizard and then I'll go back off to my world and leave you all alone. But I think I can help your friend if you just let me use a basic healing spell...He was just stabbed, right?" "By a Mogul sword," said the man. "This sort of wound is beyond any 'basic' magic." The other two children were looking at her like she was something from another world. Oh, wait... Emeline ignored them, slightly more concerned for the injured kid. Who kind of looked like that guy, Harry, whom she had met at Hogwarts. Only much shorter. "What's a Morgul sword?" she asked. "Is it poisoned or something?" "Yes. Hurry, we must get to Rivendell! He needs Elvish medicine!" "But Rivendell is six days from here!" wailed the blonde. "He'll never make it!" "Gandalf!" cried the kid, moaning in agony. Emeline couldn't take this. Kids in pain was one thing she could not stand. "Hold still," she muttered and knelt beside him. "What's your name?" she asked gently. "F-frodo," he mumbled, now shivering. "Son of Drogo." "Ok, Frodo. I don't think I can heal you completely but I can stop the pain temporarily by putting a numbing spell on you. Would you like that?" "Y-yes!" He cried out in pain again. Emeline placed her hands around the wound on Frodo's shoulders. Already her cool touch made him feel better. Then, a cold sensation spread across the wound and...nothing. He could feel nothing. "All better?" she asked. He nodded, attempting a smile but succeeding in grimacing. "We make for Rivendell," said the man. I shall carry Frodo. While we walk, you may introduce yourself." With that, he picked up Frodo and began to walk. The rest followed him, and Emeline began the introduction she'd had to reel off so many times. "My name's Emeline Alverdine. I came from a place called Valkyrie where there are wizards and witches and sorcerors and warlocks. Sometimes people of warlock level or above travel between worlds by opening portals, and some forget to close them, so it's quite common to fall through them. And that's what I did. Now, we don't travel to worlds where there are no wizards, so there must be a wizard somewhere here." The man nodded. "There is. We are hopefully to meet him at Rivendell." "Oh, great! So...who are you lot?" "I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn," said the man. The children then introduced themselves. "I am Samwise Gamgee," said the blonde. "I'm Peregrin Took." "And I'm Meriadoc Brandybuck." The last two were the ones who had been staring at her. And, in all fairness, still were... "Wait until they hear about this in the Shire!" Peregrin whispered to Meriadoc. "A girl from another world...they'll never believe it!" Emeline grimaced. "Not many people do..." "So, are you an Elf or a Man..?" asked Samwise. Emeline raised an eyebrow. "Well, I'm definitely not an Elf...And last time I checked I was female, though manlier than several guys I wouldn't care to mention...I'm a Valkyrian!...Woman. I think." Aragorn nodded and did not question her more, concentrating on leading the rest and carrying Frodo. She, however, had no such luck from the others. They badgered her with so many questions that she laughed. "Ok, you guys, you now know more about me than half my friends do. I gotta ask...how old are you?" "I'm thirty-six," said Meriadoc. "I'm twenty-eight," said Peregrin. "And I'm...fifty-eight," muttered Samwise, not thrilled at being the oldest of the group. "Do not feel as if you are the oldest, Master Samwise," Aragorn called over his shoulder. "I am eighty-seven. And still young." Emeline raised her eyebrow, unfazed by the fact that he looked no older than twenty-something by human standards. "Whatever. I'm a hundred and eighty three. And very, very young..." They rested after a day's walk, which gave Aragorn the chance to look around for any herbs that might help Frodo. "Do you know the Athelas leaf?" he asked Sam. "It can help to slow the poison. Kingsfoil." Sam nodded and they began to look around. Emeline lay Frodo's head in her lap and examined the wound. She renewed the numbing spell and swabbed the wound with some alcohol she had found in Aragorn's pack. Once she had disinfected it, she rubbed some white cream around it. "Antiseptic," she explained. "It stops it from swelling and getting infected." They heard footsteps and Aragorn returned together with a woman. Emeline's eyes widened. She was possibly the most beautiful woman she had ever seen, and this was coming from someone who lived on Valkyrie. She said something in a foreign language to Frodo, then argued softly with Aragorn for a couple of minutes. Finally, she knelt down beside Frodo and spoke to Emeline. "What have you done to the wound so far?" she asked. "I cleaned it and disinfected it so it wouldn't swell up. I also put a numbing spell on it so Frodo doesn't feel pain." "I see." She straightened up. "I will take Frodo to my father in Rivendell. There are four Nazgûl behind you. The rest, I do not know." Aragorn helped her heave Frodo onto her horse, and she swung herself on lightly behind him. "Be careful," murmured Aragorn. She smiled at him and galloped off. "Who was that?" asked Merry. "An Elf," answered Sam, equally awed. "She is Arwen Undómiel, daughter of Lord Elrond of Rivendell," said Aragorn, smiling. They continued to walk. The walk to Rivendell took them five days, in which Emeline, Aragorn and the Hobbits found out more about each other. By the time they arrived, they were firm friends. Even the suspicious Sam liked her for what she had done for Frodo, and they were all on nickname terms. They finally arrived at the House of Elrond and were greeted by him. "Lord Elrond, this is Emeline." "Lord Elrond Halfelven, son of Eärendil at your service." Emeline smiled. His introduction was very similar to those on Valkyrie. "Emeline Devereux, daughter of Hyperion of Albion at yours and your family's." "Albion? I have not heard of such a place." "It's in a different world, which could be why," smiled the girl. "I'm actually looking for a wizard." "And you have found one," came a deep voice. It belonged to an old man who had just come out of the door. He had grey hair and a long beard, and wore a cloak and a hat. He reminded Emeline greatly of Dumbledore, the headmaster of Hogwarts, and she was struck by the amount of similarities between the two worlds. "You're a wizard? That's fantastic!" "I shall leave the pair of you to acquaint yourselves with one another. Meanwhile, I shall show you four to Frodo- no doubt you're all tearing to see him," said Elrond with a smile. With that, he departed with Aragorn and the Hobbits, leaving Emeline and Gandalf to talk. Gandalf sat down on one of the benches either side of the door and motioned for Emeline to sit next to him. She did so and introduced herself as she had to Elrond. Then, she explained her situation to him. "Emeline," said Gandalf, when she had finished. "I am afraid that I cannot help you here. Had I been more powerful, I could have, and had my good friend Saruman not betrayed us, I could have taken you to him. No, I do not know how to cast the magic that you require, but I