Saturday night. It was going to be crazy, but man, it was great money. It was only 8:00 and the place was already filling up. I glanced over at Jasper running the bar. He was shameless, grinning at all those women with that smile, he would easily make several hundred dollars by midnight, and this was by no means a high class joint. The Junction was a little old place on the outskirts of town, and while we didn't cater to the rich and famous, we served the fun and rowdy. My job was entertaining, to say the least. Monday through Wednesdays wasn't hardly worth the money to show up, but Thursdays through Saturdays definitely made up for it. We could probably all hold our own, working a place in downtown Houston, but we were all pretty satisfied here. Everyone got along really well, most of us had known each other for years. I watched as Jasper moved so easily behind the bar, which was around 4 deep by now, but it never mattered how busy it got. He could do this in his sleep. He was laughing and talking easily with the patrons, he was a natural. Men and women both liked him. Men for the camaraderie, and women, well, you could just look at him and know why the women liked him. Very few people didn't like Jasper. I made my rounds to all the tables, taking drink orders and a few appetizer orders, and wound my way back to the bar. As soon as Jasper saw me he locked eyes and made his way over. I both loved and hated the way he affected me. I rolled my eyes and smirked at him. "Here you go cowboy." I said as I handed him the stack of orders I had collected. He snatched them from me without taking his eyes from me, trying to look all seductive, and, unfortunately for me, doing a pretty good job at it. I rolled my eyes and walked away, and heard him laughing lightly as he went back to making drinks. We had a lot of fun going back and forth with each other like that. Him trying to fluster me, and me acting like I could care less. There had been a few nights where we had both come close to breaking and giving in to each other, but for the most part we pretty much stuck to our little game. It wouldn't take much for our friendship to get 'complicated', but for now, I was happy just having fun. It made it more interesting. Besides,with our line of work it was best to portray as much of a single attitude as we could. That brought the best tips. Rose had been struggling a bit with this. Not that her waiting skills had suffered since she became officially 'attached', she could still flirt her way to a nice tip, no problem. It was Emmett that was her problem. I headed into the back to give Emmett his little stack of orders. "How is it out there?" He asked as he dropped the fry basket. "Fine. It's only eight. You usually don't start asking til around ten." I joked with him. Both Rose and I gave him a hard time about being so protective. It was his nature though, he was more of a bouncer than a cook. He rolled his eyes and smirked. "My bad, I'll try to stick to the schedule." I nudged him with my elbow and grinned before leaving him to it to make my rounds again. I headed back to the bar to pick up my drinks, Jasper was still working on the last few. "C'mon now Whitlock, you're slacking over here." I joked with him lightly. "Easy there cowgirl," he said bringing the last drinks over to my tray. "I'm having to beat them off over here with a stick!" He joked back. I just rolled my eyes and grinned and made my deliveries, stopping in the back to pick up appetizers. Once my tray was empty again, I started all over, making rounds, taking orders, etc. It was about 12:15 and I had just started my rounding my tables for probably the eighteenth time that night. Before I made it around to the third table, I heard them. I looked toward the back, a bunch of guys sitting at one of the tables, plenty rowdy. I cringed since it was my section, took a deep breath, and headed back. I got the distinct feeling this wouldn't be a good table to pull my 'sweet and innocent act' with. "What'll it be." I said in my most bored tone, trying to not even making eye contact. Some tables you just knew had the potential to be trouble, so you just did what you could to stay as low under their radar as possible. That meant absolutely no tip-fishing. They started spouting out orders, mostly beers, a couple hard drinks. One of the hard drinkers just kept staring at me. His buddies were joking around with each other, not really noticing me much, but he wouldn't look away. And it was not flattering. He looked like a lion eyeing a fat, juicy antelope. Eww. I turned away as soon as they were done and got away as fast as possible. Continued with the rest of the tables, making sure to make absolutely no eye contact toward the back. I don't know if it was my imagination or not, but it was like I could feel him staring at me. Ick. Twenty more minutes I was back at the bar. Ah, Jasper. I felt better just seeing his smile, only this time, he wasn't smiling. I handed him the orders, but as he took them, he held onto my hand and leaned down to my ear. I shivered at his proximity and his breath on my ear. "I don't like them." He said simply, and backed away keeping my eye contact. He didn't motion toward them, but I knew exactly who he was talking about. There was no humor or teasing behind this, he was very serious, which terrified me. Not that he scared me, but the fact that something bothered him this much. I wanted to ask him more, but he was slammed and went back to making drinks. Jasper was almost always happy, always smiling. I had only seen him serious a handful of time, and angry only once. Like I said, I was never actually afraid of him, but I have no doubt if I was ever faced with his ire, I would piss myself like nervous puppy. Pretty sure anyone else would too. Emmett nearly did the day Jasper found out he was sleeping with his sister. Nope, that wasn't a good day. Or week. He's ok now of course, but I saw a side of Jasper that day that I had never seen before. He was definitely the silent but deadly type. Emmett told me he got like that one other time, but it was with a customer here. He wouldn't give me specifics, just that Jasper could be one scary dude when you really pissed him off. And his face was reminding me of that day with Emmett. I headed to the back. "Hey Em, here's your orders." "Kay. I haven't seen Rosie through here in a bit. Everything alright out there?" "Actually.." I started, and he stopped to look at me. I hated to bring it up, I didn't want to be a baby about it, I mean sloppy drunks were the norm around here, but Jasper's reaction made me take the situation a little more serious than normal. "Umm, I've got a table, and it doesn't seem any worse than any other drunk table I've had before, but Jasper seems a little on edge." He understood perfectly what I meant. He left to go peek out the door, and cursed under his breath when he spied the table. "Why don't you let me handle drinks the rest of the night and you work back here. There isn't much left to do, they'll probably just be a couple more orders before you have to clean up." "What? I don't understand, what is going on?" I was really trying to be patient, but I honestly couldn't remember the last time someone told me what to do. Emmett didn't very often throw the whole 'big brother' thing in my face, but I had a feeling that was coming next. "Just please trust me. This isn't just some sloppy drunk. This…..is an exception." Thanks for vaguing it up there for me. Just then Rose came busting through. "Shew, I'll be glad when tonight's over, they've been running me around like crazy out there. Wait, what's going on?" She stopped when she noticed Emmett's serious face. "Just a trouble table." Emmett grumbled. "Well, I tell you what," I rounded on Emmett, " you take care of them, and I'll handle the rest of my tables." and I stormed out the double doors before he could say anything else. I stopped at the bar to pick up the drinks, Jasper still had that look on his face as he pushed the tray toward me. He wasn't looking at me though, and I could guess who he was staring down. "So it's safe to assume there are a few drinks missing here, right?" I smirked at him trying to keep it light, but it didn't work with him. He just nodded his head tightly so I walked away. Not that I was hurt or offended, it was just a little unnerving. I began counting the seconds until these losers left. I felt like once Jasper could relax, everyone else could too. So I went about my business, out of sight out of mind. I saw Emmett out of the corner of my eye head back there with a tray. I tried focusing on my tables, but I couldn't help overhear something about being banned, one more chance, or something like that. On one hand, I was a little confused as to why everyone was uptight about this table. I mean, yeah they made me uncomfortable, but that comes with the territory. I guess if Jasper and Emmett hadn't been so weird about it, maybe I wouldn't have noticed. I would have just shook off the creeps they gave me and went about my business. Whether my boys were overreacting or not, I really didn't care, as long as those guys, especially the one super creep, kept away from me. I looked back about thirty minutes later and saw the table empty, to which I was relieved. I headed back to the bar to rest. The orders had thinned out quite a bit, so there was a little more downtime. I sat at the end, stifling a laugh. Jasper was caught with three women who looked nearly 60, but dressed more like they were 20. As soon as he saw me, he did that 'rescue me' face. I laughed again, and let him struggle a bit more before I called him over. "Whitlock! Get over here, I need this ticket fixed now." I said in my snippiest voice. I heard him apologize and come over to me with a smirk. "Thanks for leaving me over there as long as possible!" He smirked. "I'll remember that next time you need my help." He was a bit more relaxed than earlier. "Oh, you looked like you were handling yourself just fine, cowboy." I smirked back. I swear, how was it this man made me feel like a high school girl with a crush? "So, what are your plans for tonight?" He asked, with a bit of mischief. "Well Mr Whitlock," I said with my exaggerated southern belle accent, "a lady must be in bed at a decent time." "Well darlin," he said leaning down closer to me, "seeing that you