This is me accepting a Challenge, with permission. This is the original chapter by Kidan, chapter 33 of his story ID# 11037069, The Potions Cabinet, with my very minor changes noted at the bottom here. Future chapters will be mine, and mistakes will be mine. His Life Now "Harry, you're taking me out to dinner, tonight. The Starlight." He blinked twice slowly, and then lifted his head from the file he had been reviewing. This particular file needed quite a bit of his attention as it focused on one of his tertiary income flows, this one from a magical silkworm farm somewhere in Australia. Apparently, there had been a sudden die off of the silkworms thanks to an infusion of something called a kookaburra into the region. Apparently, these kookaburras have a particular love for the taste of magical silkworms. He focused on Ginny Potter n e Weasley, his wife of two years. She was standing a few steps into his study, the one room of the house that was unequivocally his and the place where he focused on the business of House Potter. It was a comfortable room with a few bookcases filled with a mixture of novels, law books and other study guides for the various businesses which House Potter dealt with, as well as various photographs and other mementos from his time at Hogwarts. Things such as a picture of him, Ron and Hermione and one of the snitches that he had caught during his years on the house Quidditch team. Then there was a soft, brown leather sofa, which was thankfully comfortable enough to sleep on. Harry still did not understand why he had to be the one to sleep on the couch when they had arguments. The final bits of the room was his desk and the various chairs around it. This desk had apparently been in the family for nearly two hundred years. His father and grandfather had both sat at it and performed House Potter business at it. He fully intended his children and grandchildren to sit at it and perform House Potter business. The particular argument when he had not allowed Ginny to redecorate his office, and get rid of the desk and comfortable sofa, had been loud and long and meant that he spent two weeks on said comfortable leather sofa. As was usually the case, she was 'made up' for the day. Which basically meant that even at 10:30 in the morning, she was dressed in an expensive set of designer robes, and would probably change those before lunch and then again before dinner. Her hair was set atop her head in some type of artistic braid, that would have probably taken a muggle beautician two hours to prepare, while her face lacked the freckles which had adorned it during their shared Hogwart's years, a sure sign of expertly applied magical makeup. He blinked again, trying to re-order his thoughts from silkworms and kookaburras and focus on what she was saying. Finally, he closed the file he had been reading, placed it onto his desk blotter and just looked into her brown eyes; which despite their almost whiskey coloring lacked any of the warmth which that particular drink could give someone. "I'm sorry," he said, with a distinct lack of apology in his voice. "What?" "Tonight. You're taking me to the Starlight for dinner. Make some reservations for eight." He frowned as he shook his head slightly. "The Starlight? I know for a fact that they have a waiting list that's roughly three months long. Besides, that's a rather expensive dinner for just some random Tuesday." As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he noticed the storm clouds gathering on the redhead's face. This was an expression that he was quite familiar with; having been on the receiving end of it a number of times over the two years of the marriage. Sadly, he had seen it prior to his marriage, on the face of his now mother-in-law. Of course, at that time those expressions had been focused on people not him, so sadly he had dismissed them, and what those looks would mean for his, at the time, burgeoning relationship with the daughter of Molly Prewitt Weasley. She crossed her arms up under her breasts, and then stomped one of her feet. He glanced down, and noticed that she was in what appeared to him to be new shoes. Again. For a moment, he wondered how much those cost him, and pondered if it would be worth the headache to put her on an allowance. Then her voice was breaking through his thoughts; redirecting his attention from new footwear to what she was screeching about. "You're the Man-Who-Won. They'll create an opening for you. And besides, this is not just some random Tuesday. This is Astoria Malfoy's first anniversary. You just know that he's taking her to the Starlight, so you can and will do the same for me. We have to been seen at the Starlight tonight. Think about it, Malfoy's going to take her there for an anniversary, imagine what it says about us, that we'd go there just because it's Tuesday." Harry sighed as he bite back the thought that he wanted to respond with to her rhetorical question. After all, he felt it would say that they were showing off if they showed up there just to be in the background of any pictures of Malfoy and Astoria that made it to the social pages of the Daily Prophet. Of course, he could never say that out loud. "If I remember correctly," he started, his voice low and slow in an effort to not rile up her temper anymore that it already was. "Did we not go to the Dragon's Kiss just last Thursday? And for much the same reasons, except that this was Neville's and Hannah's third anniversary?" She leaned down and kissed his cheek gently. A memory of them snogging passionately flashed through his mind, but he knew that with her being 'made up' for the day, she would be less than pleased if he tried to replicate that behavior. Actually, he knew that she would not be happy if he tried to replicate that behavior even is she had been wearing nothing but her dressing gown. After all, it was not appropriate behavior for a married couple of their station to be doing that in the middle of the day, or at least that was what she would say. Somehow, he doubted that Hannah or Astoria would tell their husband's the same thing. Then she turned from the room, calling out over her shoulder. "Eight this evening." He sighed as he leaned back in his chair. This was the third time this month she had done this to him. Luckily, he was a major investor in The Starlight, so it would be somewhat easier, and less expensive, to get into than the Dragon's Kiss had been last week. He knew that at some point, this behavior would bite back, there was only so many times one can disrupt a business's schedule before they stopped being so accommodating. That was why the bribe to the Ma tre D' of the Dragon's Kiss had to be so hefty. She was quite tired of "The-Man-Who-Won" not being able to schedule reservations in advance like the rest of the population. It also did not help that the only person who Parkinson hated more than him, was Ginny. He would consider it quite a different scenario, if these sudden dinners put her in the mood for some physical affection, but she seemed to just get colder and colder with every dinner out. Or social party or gathering. And the weeks surrounding the various balls she dragged him to every year were probably the worst times he had ever had. And that's saying a lot, considering he was raised by abusive relatives and spent the first ten years of his life thinking of a cupboard under the stairs as a bedroom. And of course, he died just a little bit more on the inside for every one of these. He despised getting dressed up in his finest clothes and then being paraded around and in front of the crowd and the various newspapermen that would be out and about in front of one of the big restaurants of magical Britain. And of course, going to a muggle restaurant was something else that was apparently beneath their station according to Ginny. Yet despite all of that, he penned a quick note, requesting a reservation at half eight, and then sent it off to the Starlight's manager. It was just easier to give in, and let her have her way. Ten minutes later he got a positive response, and Harry put it out of his mind, as he returned his attention to the problems of kookaburras and magical silkworms. That night at five minutes to eight, he was standing in their bedroom, staring at the door to Ginny's dressing area. She had been in there for three hours so far, and he wondered, not for the first time, why she demanded a reservation for a specific time and then constantly missed them. Luckily, that was a lesson that he had learned early. These days he always made the reservation for a half-hour after the time she requested, and knew that everyone at the various restaurants would agree with him about the original time the reservation was requested for. After all, they did not want her screaming and yelling in public anymore than he wanted to be in public with her screaming and yelling. He also knew not to ask her how much longer. He had learned that each time he asked, she added five minutes. Though he had to use that the one time it appeared that she was actually going to be on time for a reservation based upon when she requested the time be set for. Finally, at eight-fifteen, she stepped out of the dressing room, looking quite a bit exactly like she had this morning. Except that her dress robes were colored a soft blue instead of the dark green she had been wearing. He gave her a smile and then offered her his arm. As soon as she slipped her hand into the crook of his elbow, he twisted slightly and disappeared from their home with a quiet pop. With the suddenness only possible with apparition, they appeared a half-block away from The Starlight. This was in order to run the gauntlet of various photographers and other fans. He still did not know who routinely leaked his movements, or why there was always a crowd whenever he went anywhere with Ginny. They moved with purpose through the crowd, only occasionally being stopped by the pushiest of fans who wanted him to sign something or bless their baby or touch them on the head. Luckily none of these were girls trying to get him to sign bits of their bodies. He thought Ginny was going to murder that one girl who had tried that last April, though he did think she had a rather attractive set of breasts. Worse, every time he put up the (quite useful in his opinion) charm to ensure their images were smudged on the photographer's pictures, it would be pulled down within a few steps. Finally, they made it into the restaurant, and were seated at the table. What he wanted to eat was a steak-and-kidney pie, most likely with a nice bitter. Or maybe with a stout. But he knew that nothing as down-to-earth as that would be served here. He also knew that it would not be served at home, since both of those things were below their station. He suppressed a sigh as he reviewed the menu, wondering what exactly Osso Buco was. Of course the few words beneath the entry did not help. He knew