She speaks with her former lover in second person, plural. He has become a sir, a stranger that must be addressed accordingly. How heartbreaking is that? "Souvent je pense encore à vous/ Often I still think about you, Je crois qu'un jour vous allez revenir/ I believe one day you will be back, Vous jetter à mes genoux/ Throwing yourself at my knees, M'implorer de ne plus vous maudire/ Imploring me not to curse you anymore, Me dire vos regrets de nous/ Telling me your regrets about us." (Les Voiliers Sauvages De Nos Vies – Vaya Con Dios) I can't bear to see his handwriting anymore. The pain gets so intense, I feel like screaming. The way he writes, decisively, leaving indentations on the sheets beneath is like a trademark. His signature, firm, angular, seems to be alive, almost like an alien entity. It can still bring all those inert documents to life, his indications, his instructions, his resolutions moving the papers, moving the men, moving the entire plant forward. It's as though he were still here and I just can't stand the sight of his handwriting anymore. What's more, I have to white-out his name of all the pending contracts that at the moment of his departure were waiting to be signed. It's bitterly ironic that I, of all people, have to do it and cause the slow vanishing of his name, letter after letter, under the white fluid. A torment in itself. I do it, and my hand trembles and my heart is heavy, weighed down under an ocean of lead. In his office, vacant now, people walk on tiptoes. The desk is abnormally tidy. No one dares to sit in his former chair. The poor guy replacing him is exhausted after two days. How did he manage, I wonder? I walk like a zombie in the dark hallways and cannot find my place. I am an automaton, made of tearless, petrified pain. I try to work hard, try to concentrate, to be conscientious and reliable but I can barely keep my face collected. I wish no one addressed me, I wish I were invisible, able to move here and there unseen, unheard, only with my ear-buds on and the pain tearing me asunder. I can't think of him in past tense because my chest gets tight, really tight, like crushed in a vice screw. I can't think of him in future tense either. There is no room for hope and that reality is just as brutal. I can only cling to the present, like an empty shell, like a mannequin. My phone rings. "Have you seen an invoice from Johnson?" The voice on the other end is smooth and pleasant. Profoundly male. Unmistakable. I search through my mind hastily, surprised by the unexpected question. "No, no, I haven't." "Could you please check?" "I don't need to check, I haven't seen it." "I think what you meant was: I will check but I don't remember seeing it." His authority extends only partially over my position. But of course, as the plant manager, he's everyone's boss. "Yes, sir! That's what I meant, but the words haven't come out in the right order." The reprimand doesn't put me off. I'm slightly amused by this apparent rigidity. He had to educate and discipline too many before me. He's an extraordinary man and an excellent leader, well respected, feared on occasions, revered on others. I'm not impressed with his position though; I'm impressed with the way he handles himself within the boundaries of that position. He has an uncanny ability to use his presence and commanding yet subtle personality to great effect. He's cocky but in a fine, aristocratic way. And I'm impressed with what I sense that is lying beneath the manager façade, the human traits, the masculine traits. I smile as I go searching for the damned invoice, although I know from the start the search to be futile. When I inform him about it, I do it in a manner that makes him laugh. I always feel so good when I make him laugh… I have these urgent documents that must be signed. His secretary says he's alone and I step quietly into the inner sanctum. He's on his cell, reading glasses on. He exudes an air of latent power and infinite remoteness. I retreat just as silently and wait patiently in the reception, like a good girl, the papers on my lap. Seconds later, the door opens and without caring who else is around to hear, he says softly, in that tone that makes my head spin: "I'm all yours." I follow him in, my legs and mind on auto pilot. I hand him the documents. "What is this?" He asks the question although by the time he finishes it, he has already scanned the entire sheet of paper and knows its entire content. It's just one of his numerous tests. He writes down his approval in that peculiar handwriting of his and when he gives the papers back, our hands touch for the briefest of moments. That's where my crazy courage must have come from. "Are you by any chance going to the Capital tomorrow?" "No, I am not." I nod in acknowledgement and head for the door. "Why? What do you need?" "I must attend a videoconference there at noon." "With whom?" "With Belgium." "How will you get there?" I shrug, nonchalantly. "By bus." He nods silently and I'm dismissed. Late that afternoon, he calls me into his office. He needs some contracts, in hard copy, to study them. Then, he wants them scanned. Tomorrow, if I'm tired now. No, I'm not. I'm only too eager to please him. Briefly I wonder if he is repulsed or touched by this involuntary display of obedient readiness. The scan is too big for an email attachment so I put the files on my flash drive, then take it to him. He looks at it. "Is this yours?" "Yes. It's my own." "Aren't you in Procurement?!" I say something stupid that makes him laugh. I'm too affected by his presence to be intelligent. Maybe I should settle for funny instead. "Here. Take this one." He pulls out from somewhere a brand new flash drive, all big and shiny and smart. I take it, muted, almost overwhelmed. On my way out, I hear him calling me back. "Isabella…" "Yes, sir…" "Tomorrow morning, come here. There'll be a car ready to take you to the Capital." Of course, that means an extra hundred kilometers to cover, but I'm not about to complain. I'm just too damn happy to have this amazing man's attention focused on me. "Thank you, sir. And thank you for the flash drive." The small inanimate object means nothing except everything because it's from him. I still carry it in my shoulder bag, unopened, to this day. It's my porte-bonheur, my lucky charm. I dress more carefully the next day. I must look presentable to our bigger and better corporate brothers, mustn't I?! I'm wearing black pants with black boots and even to my own derisive eyes, I look alright. And we do intersect in the dim, empty corridor, just he and I, like in one of those strange, coincidental circumstances from Almodovar's movies. And although I rise my eyes only long enough to steal a glance at him and give him "good morning", and although he's equipped for inspecting the plant with all sorts of stuff that hinder his sight, I can still see him checking me out. I'm not a beauty, never was, never will be. Not even remotely coquette. But there are moments, sometimes and only sometimes, when I feel extraordinary about myself. And right then and there, as I unlock the office door, for short, glorious seconds, I'm completely drunk with my womanly power. Before long, it's time to leave for the Capital. I'm agitated but it is not unpleasant; a little regretful for having to spend the day away. I'm waiting for him in the dimly lit corridor to alight from his car and enter the building, in order to remind him of the promised vehicle. He has so much on his mind, that sometimes it's necessary to jog his memory. "Are you waiting for me?" He's preoccupied and walks fast. I can barely keep up. "Yes, sir. I wanted to remind you…" "Haven't forgotten," he interrupts, almost sternly. He waves me to follow him into his office where he tacitly hands me back my contract binder from the previous day. "Which driver do you want?" "I don't know…" "X?" "No." "Y?" "No." Then the devil takes over again. "The person I prefer is not available, I'm afraid." "Who, then?" he asks, the question invigorated by sudden interest. "Z?" (On vacation) "No." "W?" (Doesn't come daily) "No." He stops, puzzled. The options are over. Before I step out, I say with an enigmatic, little smile. "I leave you to speculate." As the door closes, I hear him exclaim. "Ah! Got it now!" I indulgently shake my head in disbelief as I walk away. My behavior is so bold, it's getting almost absurd. I must be completely out of my mind. I'm still dreamy and airheaded as I walk back home that evening. My thoughts revolve around him like an insect inexorably attracted by a light bulb. It's dusk, the hour of unreality, hovering between day and night and I'm crossing the railway, as I do it every day. It's almost abandoned, so very few trains are passing through this forgotten town nowadays, and the grass has grown tall and untamed. There are many wild flowers, yellow and white, dandelions and red poppies blossoms, full of life, loud crickets and silvery trails left by the abundance of snails. In the morning, my feet in sandals get wet with dew. Now it's the only time of the year when this railroad has beauty and mystery, when it's not just a desolate scenery of sad, useless iron. In a few weeks from now, all this vegetal exuberance will be dried up, withered, the weeds will have outgrown the flowers, stone and iron will have reclaimed their rightful domain. So I'm crossing the railway and the rusted tracks are shining red, bloodlike in the oblique, ethereal light of the setting sun and I think of that as the precise moment when I fully realized that I'm in love with him. Thinking back, I admit to myself that I've always liked him. From my first day on the job. His jokes and rebukes are witty, always with a trace of irony, a tactic perhaps to keep the herds in check. Always so clever. I liked him when he was funny and I liked him when he was mad as hell and slammed us all against the walls. He is magnificent when mad. I reach home all dizzy with my sudden understanding. I'm restless, governed by sort of pleasant disquietude and I feel this urge to do something impulsive, unusual, out of the ordinary. Without giving much thought, I text him: " Our gracious thanks to his kingship for the carriage arrangements!" He is known to always answer his phone, even to the most common of employees but I don't expect a reply in this particular situation. I just had to act in some way, subconsciously perhaps, in order to mark, to celebrate this moment so special to me. So when, merely instants later, the answer comes, I'm overwhelmed with sheer emotion. " You're welcome; the carriage will be available on other occasions, too. But between you and me, the kingship has other kind of duties, you are too gentle." I'm assailed by so violent, so terrible a hope that my head reels. I feel all the brakes of discipline getting loose. " His kingship is too modest. And since he's the busiest in the world, he should receive thanks, because no matter concerning his subjects is too small