Chapter 1 New School, New Job... New Obsession. Bella Swan. Seattle University, while an amazing campus, was a far cry from Arizona State where I had previously attended. Phoenix was my home for 19 years, but Renee' had moved off to Jacksonville with her fiancé Phil, and Seattle had a better Social Work program. I had originally wanted to go to Seattle to be closer to my dad, but didn't want to be away from my mom, who definitely had her issues with being left alone. I mean, seriously, who needs supervision just to go to the grocery store so she wouldn't come back with nothing but junk? But when she moved to Jacksonville, I knew that Phil would be able to take care of her. I bid Phoenix good bye, and welcomed the lush, dense forests of the northwestern peninsula. My father is the chief of police in Forks, but Seattle wasn't far from there, and I knew I'd be able to see him at least on the weekends. Unfortunately, moving up here had also depleted any and all funds that I had in my bank account at the moment. I had enough for two weeks worth of groceries, and knew I needed a job. I'd looked everywhere on campus, in the surrounding city, and even around Forks. Nothing. Nada. Zip. Ziltch. Of course, dad offered to help me out with anything I might need, but there's just some lines a girl's gotta draw. I can't have my parents looking out for me all the time. Besides, I was sure dad needed all the money he could get, as officer pay, even the chief's pay couldn't be that great. I was shocked when Charlie came home one night close to July 4th, and told me that the Cullen Country Club in Seattle had just lost a waitress, and needed the position filled immediately. Apparently, dad knew the Cullens well, and Carlisle, the owner also doubled as one hell of a doctor in the only little hospital Forks held. It was a good paying job, plus tips, so who was I to turn it down? Walking onto the grounds was intimidating as hell, though. The immaculate grounds, the two story club house, the tennis courts, 18 hole golf course, driving range, and baseball diamond seemed like overkill. But once I got into the building heading for Mr. Cullen's office, I almost turned around and went right back to my truck. The place was so upscale that I almost couldn't stomach it. And the people standing in the lobby, the hallway leading into the racket ball courts, and in the stairwell coming up from the indoor pool... All looked like they belonged on the front cover of GQ magazine. As I got up to the second floor, and started looking for the right office, of course my complete klutziness decided to rear its ugly head, and make me trip over my own feet, sending me flying toward the carpet, face first. Strong hands grabbed hold of me before I hit, righting me so quickly, I had to wonder if I'd tripped at all. I looked up into dark brown eyes, that had the craziest amount of mischief in them, and a wide grin. "Sorry." He laughed, and waved his hands at me. "Don't worry about it. You lost or something?" I shook my head quickly, then regretted it. "No, ... well kinda, I'm looking for Carlisle Cullen's office?" He nodded, and pointed me down the hallway. "My dad's office is the third door down on the right. You'd be wandering the hallway for an hour wondering, it's not labeled." He grinned widely at me again, dimples in his cheeks indenting. His smile was infectious, and I couldn't help but smile back. He almost reminded me of a little kid with how happy he seemed. No one I knew was that insanely happy without being medicated. "You must be the new waitress? Charlie Swan's daughter?" I held my hand out to him politely, "Bella." He grinned, and took my hand in his huge bear paw of a right hand. "Emmett Cullen. Hope you'll like the job here." I laughed dryly. "I'm sure I will, it's the only job around here." He laughed and shook his head. "Be seein' ya, Bella." I turned, and headed, carefully, back down the hallway before pausing in front of the door Emmett had pointed me to. I took a deep breath, and then knocked. A warm voice filtered through the door telling me to come in, and I pushed the door open, and stepped inside. The office was just as inviting as the man sitting behind the desk. He smiled at me, and gestured to a chair facing him, wordlessly asking me to sit. As I complied, I handed him the job application, and shook his hand. "Thanks for the opportunity, Mr Cullen. I really appreciate it." He smiled, and set the application aside, barely looking at it. "Not a problem. Charlie is a good friend of mine. We'll start you out at four dollars and hour, plus whatever tips you get. And as long as you do a good job, you'll wind up with two hundred in your pocket a night. Our last waitress, who left us to be able to start her own family, on a slow night still left with a hundred dollars. So you should do fairly well here." He smiled at me, and interlaced his fingers in front of him. "I only expect you to work mainly in the restaurant, but there may be times I ask you to pitch in elsewhere," I nodded quickly to show him it was fine with me, any work is good work these days. "Now, our grounds hold the golf course, tennis courts, baseball diamond, condos on the back of the property, and the clubhouse. There are housekeepers that clean the condos, our last waitress pitched in a few times and helped out when we were short handed there, but still being able to get back in time to do her job in the lunch rush. The clubhouse here holds the pool in the basement as well as locker rooms and showers and gym, the racket ball courts, restaurant, kitchen, gift and supply shop, and check in for condos, golf course, and hiking trails." My eyes widened in surprise, holy hell it really was overkill here, anything you'd ever want or need to do seemed to be right here on the property, I almost didn't want to know how many acres they had to take care of. "Any extra help we would ask of you outside of the dining room would be to help clean up in the gift shop, kitchen, and locker rooms at closing, but your job, along with the other two waitresses will be to clean, straighten, and restock the dining area every night before closing, and have it done right so the opening crew can get here, and double check. I like promptness in opening the club." I nodded sharply in understanding. "Of course." He smiled, softening his voice as he spoke again. "Now, Bella, when can you start?" "Now?" I asked, a smile on my lips. He chuckled. "Enthusiasm, I like that, you'll fit in well here. Once you start at the University, make sure you get me or my wife, Esme, your class schedule so we can make sure to schedule you accordingly. You'll get three days off every week to make sure you won't fall behind on your studies while classes are in session, but during breaks, you'll only get 2 and I'll ask you to work longer shifts. You'll start in the morning. Be here at 7AM sharp." He picked up the phone on his desk, and dialed a number, waited for a moment, and then punched in two buttons before settling it back onto the receiver. Not a full minute passed before a girl poked her head in around the door, black hair smoothed down around her small face, longer strands tucked in behind her ears. "Yeah dad?" Mr. Cullen gestured to me, smiling. "Alice, this is Bella, our new waitress. Could you take her down and get her a uniform?" "Sure!" Her voice sounded just as excited as Emmett's had. What was up with this family and their over abundant happiness? She practically skipped the short distance, and took hold of my hand. "Come on Bella." She tugged on my hand, and I couldn't help standing and following the little pixie like girl out of the room and back down the hallway. She took me into a room by the stairs, and left me by the door as she became lost within the clothing racks. There were uniforms of every size shape and color in the room, and there was no way I'd be able to figure out where everything was, even with bright neon signs pointing the way. Though Alice didn't seem to have any problem at all navigating through them. Only a few moments later, she emerged holding three button down long sleeved shirts; red, white and black, one yellow ascot, and two black ones to go with them, and six other shirts, all in black, red, and white three long sleeved three short. My eyes widened as I saw everything. "Does this come with the job or do I have to pay for it?" it was a legitimate question, if she really expected me to pay for all of that up front, I was screwed. Alice scrunched up her nose and smiled at me. "Don't worry about it, Bella. I'll take the liberty of gifting you with these six." She lifted her left arm which the T-shirts and long sleeved shirts were hanging off of. I shook my head. "No, you... you don't have to do that." She grinned. "But I want to. They're new, and I love them. I got the long sleeved shirts for the other waitresses. Only Friday, Saturday, and Sunday are the days you're expected to wear the button downs. Black dress pants with those. Monday and Wednesday you can wear jeans, Tuesday and Thursday are the league meetings, and while casual, Dad likes the staff to wear khakis." She held her left arm out, asking me to take one. I obliged, and pulled the black long sleeved shirt off her arm, and held it out in front of me. By the left shoulder was a crest done in white. A lion facing to the right side of the shirt, with a hand above it, fingers upward as if it were giving a pledge, and a chevron with three shamrocks below it. Below that were the words 'Cullen Club' in a small scrawling font. "Wow. It is nice." She grinned. "Told you." She held her arm out again, and I took the rest from her, clutching them to my body. "On warmer days you're free to wear shorts or a skirt." She looked over me for a moment, looking closely, her gaze scrutinizing at first, and then she smiled. "Though you seem to be the shorts type of girl aren't you?" I laughed softly. "Yeah." She smirked. "Don't worry, I'll change that." I frowned, suddenly worried about this job. But she giggled, a sound that almost reminded me of bells. "Don't worry! I'm not talking mini skirts here. You and I are going to be great friends, I just know it!" She wrapped her arm through mine, and led me back out of the room, pulling the door shut behind her with her foot. "Would you like the grand tour?" I shrugged. "If I can drop all this off at my truck first, sure." I let her lead me back down the stairs, and out into the long hallway, past the racket ball courts, and through the gift shop to the parking lot. I deposited my clothes in the beat up old Chevy truck, and turned, to find Alice