Disclaimer: I do not own THG. SYOT is mentioned below. They said that there would be no more pain. They said that there would be an end to misery, an end to sadness. They said that nobody would be starving, and that we would have a voice. They all lied. They lied to me, they lied to themselves, and they lied to the world. Now, they are all blown up, and we are asked- no, forced- to give up two of our own for their sick little games. But I cannot say that I will not enjoy it. After all, there is so little to look forward to. Shouldn't everyone find amusement in observing the deaths of many children ? Sickening. It's sickening. But this is our life now; this is what we have to live for. The plucking of our names, the peeling and pulling of paper out of a crystal ball, like my mother said they did for her. And I am bitter because of it, despite what had happened years before. Had they thought another revolt would save them? Had they believed that their Mockingjay was going to allow things to change? Had they thought that there was something kind within human souls? Sure, the winners were the rebels. But that does not make them any better. The rebels have the same degree of souls that their elders did. My mother says that, often. She tells me that it is our own fault for choosing rebellion over acceptance. If there was any other outcome, I would disagree. But their hard-fought war ended with nearly the same principal. Miss Katniss Everdeen voted for the continuation, and many backed her up. Mother said that, too. She told me that she was there, herself, taking notes about the occasion. I am unsure whether or not that it is true, but the fact is written in my history book, and all over my desk. She had voted for people to continue dying. They did not actually start that for another seven years. She was eighteen, then, my Mother, and old enough that she only had to suffer through one 'reaping'. Her memories of that day are a grim thing to hear about; when she notes that the law was passed by President Hawethorne himself, I can do nothing but sigh. ' It was sudden,' she tells me, with her eyes touching the ground, lips trembling. 'They showed up, and, one day, we were being told that it was continuing. That they had rebuilt everything. Honestly, I don't think they ever tore it down.' She says that she is lucky, and I believe her. Missing the original Hunger Games by a few days, then being lucky enough to escape the reaping once more. I, however, do not have that luck. I am born in the middle of it, and in the unfortunate time that keeps me in it longer than my friends, or so I think. And with my tesserae, the odds, unfortunately, are not in my favor. They will never be. I learned that fact soon after the birth of my twin brothers, when one is still-born, and the other cannot breathe upon life. He is tormented, tortured, and practically murdered into existence. And when he finally screams, a loud breathy sound, it is cut off short. Soon, he will not speak another word. It was my fault, for not grabbing the physician in time. My mother told me so, and I believe her. On my fifth birthday, she is pregnant once more. This time, with triplets. I suppose that she would have kept me from her, but I am allowed close to these children, despite two of them being sent out for adoption. She tells me that she has done that before, when I was born. Apparently, I was one of four . They were shipped out to the Capitol, never to be heard of again. Maybe, just maybe, one of them will be the child of the Mellarks, or just maybe, the President's grandchild. I am nearly positive that they are dead. My triplets almost were. I know that for a fact, having run for a medical practitioner the moment that my mother told me to. The crinkly old man, who was technically a veterinarian, had pressed a hand to her stomach to declare that they were much too early for his liking. Then again, he did deal with horses, and other livestock. What did he know? They arrived in the middle of the night, and I was awake the whole time. I think my mother fell asleep for some of it, though I'm not exactly sure. I was too busy attempting to get the room ready, fretting nervously. She had taken one look at me, and told me to leave. I didn't leave, though. I wasn't like my father. I even held onto her hand, even though her squeezing fingers made my pale hand red . I didn't even complain. I just took a breath, and stared at her pretty brown eyes, grinning. When I am eleven, she tells me that I will have to take out tesserae, since she had lost her job. At such a young age, I did not understand what she meant by that, but now I know. The fish weren't biting, and farms were no longer enticing for young males in need for a night to stay. It didn't help that I would have to be registered in the morning, making the Capitol aware of my existence. We had gotten away with being invisible, with her sharing with the world, but when they took down my name… My mother said that they don't ask questions about names, though. She says that they will take my blood, and then we will be done, them already having a little bit of documentation about my existence. When I am twelve, my best friend is sent to the Games. Needless to say, she does not make it out as the same person, or even out at all. She does, however, take out five other tributes before finally jumping onto a sword. It was on purpose, I know it. She has- had- that type of personality. Weak, some might say. I say brave, in her own special way. I suppose I am wrong. I usually am. My mother said that to me, a few days ago. At fifteen, she makes sure that I know this, because she says that men are scum which will hurt me. And with me being an innocent girl, she insists it will happen. It did happen to the world, anyway. We trusted the rebellion, and they shot us dead. Debating this, I folded my fingers around a knot, tying it expertly before wrapping it around the goat's head. They only kill, I reflect, and pull the noose tighter so that it serves as a guide, with the cream-colored animal falling behind me in a slow trot. It bleats as we find the pathway, which is overrun with weeds and vines, the cracked stone barely showing beneath the midday sun. My thought, too, begin to shriek, and my bare feet dance along the cobblestones as we grow nearer to town. They had hung us over their famous trees, slinging the knot tight with their words. And it wasn't fair. It wasn't fair to the cows, who are we. My goat bleats again, rousing me from my thoughts. Thoughts which, all of a sudden, have swung me from my pedestal, reminding me that so many things could have been worse. My mother could beat me, or my brother could speak, and say cruel words to us all. But I am blessed, in my own way. Blessed to have found such a thing in my life as fate, to know that fate and I are not friends. The goat is my friend, though. She is able to provide me with the milk that I desire, so early in the morning. And the butter, which I will make later with our leftovers, it tastes salty and sweet on my tongue. But the goat will leave me, too. When my bare feet make it in sight of our ragged farm, lopsided with moss and misshapen stones, I notice that the light is on in our house. Despite what many think about our family, we are a very quiet sort. Mother does not entertain guests until evening, and Giles keeps the twin and triplet asleep until mid-morning, when I can easily watch and tend to the stove. Therefore, it is shock which is writ on my face, confusion taking hold of dark, wide eyes. Could we be in some sort of trouble? Did the Peacemakers decide that we had done something wrong? It would not shock me. I did not work with them, but with my family, securing us a few cows and a goat, as well as planting grain. Although Giles was known as a very strong brander, he preferred to work on his own. We were poor by ourselves. Had our young sister gotten into something? Or had silent Giles done wrong? He was fifteen, two years younger than I was. He could have angered another boy about a girl, since they all seemed to fawn over him. Apparently, the strong and silent type gained many likes. Shaking my head free of the accusations, I stumble down the steep meadow, our goat still dancing at my heels. She is wobbling, unsure of where to step, which only hinders us for a few moments, because I am frightened as to what I will find. Could someone have gotten sick? Was she pregnant again? It is nothing like that. The stones catch my feet, and as I finally push open the cracked oak, watching as the shack creeps open, it is the sight of a Peacekeeper which strikes me silent. He is sitting with my mother, chewing on a rice cake, which was my pride and joy. With my entrance, he stands, and my mother does the same. Instead of shouting, though, she offers a strange grin, her stained lips pulling upwards. "And there is Ayala with our milk!" she exclaims, and shifts the table over, making me aware of an extra table setting. Is that for me, or Giles? Or another? It is for me, as I am told, with my hands pouring out the fresh milk, the chunky consistency warm as I deal it outwards. The animal dances back and forth, but is settled now, as I am myself. The roughly made chair keeps me a bit restless, though. My feet shake, and my mother introduces us with a cheeky grin, while I observe the table setting. Flowers. "Ayala, my dearest deer, this is Oscar, the Peacekeeper." I see that the have given me a rice cake, as well as some syrup. He must have many riches, for syrup is rare. It is all I can do not to sip at it without drizzling it on my cake. "Oscar, this is Ayala, your daughter." I have dripped the smooth liquid, watching as it dances across my grain. For a moment, I simply nod at him, content to believe that he is important, until his title is given. My father. A father! "A pleasure, little deer," he murmurs with a grin, and gestures towards my goat. "And who's this?" My eyes are still wide, and I take a brief second to register what was being said. A father! And with quite similar looks, I may add. That is rare. His eyes are large, too, with heavy lashes. The pleasant shape of his head is the same as mine- heart-shaped and pale. Our lips are both bowed, our hair is coarse and wavy. The only difference is that he is pretty, while I am passable. "Artemis." Short, quick words escape my lips, and my mother takes up the conversation. "Aya, love, can you go check on your sister? She's