A/N- Hey there! A slightly funny idea that sort of just sprung up in my head for a story, I essentially was wondering with a friend how the magical health system works and using magic to heal folk. Looking at the MOM and St Mungos, we reasoned that it would have to fall to one of the departments to regulate right? Personally for me, this will be an experiment largely in using OC's and remaining as true to the universe and canon as possible. Expect to see the story cross-over around book 5 in the actual series and with plenty of interactions with characters from the HP universe. Read on and let me know what you think, always happy to receive feedback. Cheers. -Grey. The department for Magical Accidents and Catastrophes was nothing like Paige had expected. For one thing there were a lot more spot fires burning and a lot less of a welcoming committee then she had expected. Wizards in dull smoking blue robes rushed about frantically, yelling Aguamenti and trying to extinguish the dozens of fires that had apparently jumped up around the office. A tall silver haired man, suddenly bounded up to her from around the corner of one office. "Ah you must be the new girl, Paige?" He beamed happily, a large smile adorned his face and seemed too wide for it. His face was covered in soot, but seemed to glow all the same. If alpacas could be people, this is how they would look; tall and lean with curly hair and an almost dopey looking grin. "Uh huh. Yes. I mean Yes Sir. That is me!" Paige stuttered in nervousness and she uncertainly offered her hand to the gentleman. He laughed and accepted it gladly. "None of this Sir business. I may be head of Accidental Magic Reversal, but please just call me Unwin or Un for short. Unwin Nigel Doit. And I'm very pleased to meet you." "Paige Calamisi," The new girl introduced herself, her enthusiasm trumping her nerves as the older man continued to pump her hand with vigour. Enthusiasm appeared to be his thing. Quite startlingly, flames sprung up on the sleeves of his robes and she immediately let go. With mild interest the head of squad, beat the flames off his flowing sleeves the old fashioned way. He looked up to find Paige looking around in concern as several other wizards continued to battle the remaining spot fires. "Ah you see we've been having trouble with some mischievous wizard and his self-sparking fire spell. The squad has had difficulty battling it and so we've been trialling different ways to stop it in the office." Unwin explained Paige didn't reply to this and only watched in horror as one nearby pudgy witch's robes were completely engulfed with flames and she dropped to the floor to roll around frantically, screaming in terror. "With mixed results as you can see." Unwin elaborated somewhat unnecessarily. As he spoke a young man ran up and vigorously sprayed the ailing witch down with what appeared to be a muggle fire extinguisher. Unlike the lightly scorched witch, he wasn't wearing the traditional ministry robes and instead was sporting faded blue jeans and a black t-shirt emblazoned with the word 'Disturbed'. He was noticeably less phased then the others or as scorched as them either. "Alright there, Peregrin?" The Squad leader enquired of the young witch who was being helped to her feet by the bloke who had put her out. "A bit singed, nothing worse thanks Un." The plump woman named Peregrin replied breathlessly, checking on the now curled and uneven ends of her untidy long blonde hair, which had fallen out of its ponytail. "Good save, Magus." Unwin called after his firefighting member of staff, who had already wandered off. If the man heard he didn't reply. It seemed that the last of the fires had been put out, Paige noticed glancing around at the otherwise standard looking cubicle based office. "How about a tour then?" Mr Doit offered genially and he excitedly led her off to view the rest of the department. "We aren't a large or particularly well-funded squad here at Accidental Magical Reversal, I'm afraid." Doit apologised as he led Paige to a pair of desks facing each other at one end of the small open air office. The woman from earlier, Peregrin was sitting at one of the desks, studiously shortening and tidying up the tips of her burnt hair with her wand. The acrid smell still lingered in the air. Her purple robes were burnt all the way through in places. "Amanda Peregrin, meet Paige Calamisi; our new member of the Reversal team." The round faced woman stood and reached a well-manicured hand out to Paige and gave hers a light shake. "Nice to meet cha." She grinned genuinely, brushing soot off her robes and straightening her hair once more. "Fresh outa, Hogwarts are we?" Amanda asked, eyeing the narrow, young, freckled face in front of her. Paige tore her eyes from the coffee mug on Peregrin's desk which read 'don't get between a witch and her wine!' "Just graduated." She shyly answered, wondering if it was that obvious from the way she presented herself. Unwin picked up on her nerves and decided to continue his tour. "And this is Mikayla Gordy, our other Tracer." He introduced Paige to the other woman sharing a desk with Peregrin. Mikayla was quite the opposite of Amanda, skinny as a whip in comparison to her slightly tubby deskmate and with a short bob of black hair. Her demeanour seemed at odds to with dark sunken eyes and a melancholy face that took no joy from meeting the new girl. She had went large on the eyeliner, giving her the appearance of a starved panda, with the way it contrasted her extremely pale skin. "Fresh blood for Reversals?" Mikayla nodded in greeting and taking a set of overlarge headphones off of her ears. Only now that she saw them, did Paige notice that an identical pair were crimped around Peregrin's thick neck. "The girls here on the Tracer desk monitor any magical activity that comes up in the proximity of underage wizards. They also help to pinpoint any distress calls for us or Magical Enforcement." Unwin went on to explain, ignoring the odd gothic girl and her staring eyes. "Let's carry on shall we?" Doit exclaimed happily and Paige gave a weak wave to the girls on the desk. Mikayla continued to simply stare with her dark eyes, but Peregrin waved back with a big smile on her face. "See ya round, Paige!" She exclaimed. They walked past a group of other office cubicles and Unwin waved at them as they passed. The office was divided in half with a rowdy bunch of witches and wizards across from the Magical Reversal offices, at their own desks. "We share an office with the Obliviators, since they attend many of our calls too." Two middle aged men sat opposite each other at desks that faced, each had a thick toothbrush moustache and the start of grey at their temples. That was where the similarities ended though, one was tall with a flat brick of a nose and the other short nugget of a man with a square face. Neither seemed to be working particularly hard and Paige noticed each fold up a copy of the Prophet as the boss approached with her. The magical newspaper was scorched around the edges and the shorter magician still actively smoked from the mornings earlier endeavours. The Prophet headline read 'Potter the liar; Triwizard cheat!' Another Rita Skeeter special, it would seem to be about the recent disastrous end to the Triwizard cup. "Ben and Bryce here are the other pair of Reversers, they've probably been doing this longer then you've been alive!" Unwin introduced Paige. "Morning," They called together in bored tones, apparently not concerned by the new addition. "Gent's, this is Paige our new Reverser, fresh out of Hogwarts and her Magimedic training." "Gerry's replacement?" Ben the taller one asked in a deep voice. "About time." Bryce commented, with a weak attempt at a smile in her direction. "Hi." Paige uttered, somewhat underwhelmed by her new colleagues. She had met friendlier Redcaps. Seemingly unaffected by the pairs obvious disinterest, Unwin guided Paige onwards with an eager hand on her arm. "Moving on!" He called loudly like a tour guide and the remaining pair resumed their perusal of the newspaper. Approaching another group of cubicles, Paige noticed the young man from earlier in muggle clothes, he appeared to be the only one in the office who shunned robes. He was leaning casually against a carpeted wall and chatting animatedly with another witch who wore robes in a mysterious purple colour. On the breast was a crest of crossed wands over a question mark. She too was young and had short black hair in a pixie cut, her features were sharp and elven, with a petite frame to match. Unlike Mikayla from earlier, this slim girl didn't look unhealthy in her physique, instead there was a compact sort of strength about her frame. They were conversing on what appeared to be the border between the two departments. The pair were smiling and laughing about something, but abruptly stopped as the boss approached. The girl nodded politely to the pair and disappeared back off the Obliviator side of the office. The young man turned to face the pair, his eyes electric blue and piercing, his face set in an unreadable expression. "Magus, meet your new partner, Paige Calamisi." Unwin introduced the pair. The new man Magus was decidedly unkempt, Paige decided in disapproval straight away; eyeing his unshaven, dark stubbled jaw and short messy brown hair, it seemed to spike up at the front and in a ridge along the top, while being close shaven at the back and sides. It was hard to guess his age with his hard lined face, pointed chin and sharp brows, but she would have put him in his late twenties or very early thirties. Her father would have described his face, as the face of a beater; based upon the rough story of scars and injuries it told. Magus had a rather pointed nose with a kink halfway down like it had be broken sometime in the past, over his right eyebrow a crescent shaped scar lined the top edge of the hair. One eye sat slightly lower than the other and had a small circle of darker pigment on that cheek. Those thick dark eyebrows kinked in evaluation and out of courtesy he held out a scarred hand for her to shake. She noticed first the calluses that pressed into her palm with the firm grip he gave and then the small irregular scars that marked his strong hand. It was as though his hand had been attacked by an angry bird at some point that had really not wanted to be held. He was of average height, not towering above Paige like Ben was, nor dwarfed by her like Bryce had been. He was no slob, physically, like the other two were though and she noticed the curve to his biceps and the way his shirt was stretched by a fair set of shoulders and a strong chest. His intelligent gaze held her own and she couldn't help but think that this calculating man was measuring everything about her, from the firmness of her handshake, to the amount of eye contact she provided as well as every nervous chew of her lip or fidget of her fingers. "Magus McIntyre," He finally told her in a slight Irish lilt, his voice was casual, but hard to read and gave nothing away in the tone. Hard and analysing were the two words that came to her mind to describe McIntyre. Releasing his grip, he returned his arms to fold them across his chest and