The Side Never Spoken DISCLAIMER: I do not own Twilight or Jacob no matter how much I want to... Bella Swan was never a very selfish person. Or at least she wasn't unless it came to Jacob Black. If it involved him, she got very territorial, but she never dared show it. To anyone. Ever. They had grown up together and her feelings for him had grown right along with them. Secret through they were, some people caught wind of them but, out of courtesy for her, they never told. Just when Bella thought she could reveal her feelings, she was broken. Secretly of course. She had driven to his house and marched to his small garage where they had spent most of their time together. She opened her mouth to call out to him when she heard a noise that sounded a whole heck of a lot like Bella's best friend Shelby gasping out Jacob's name. Bella looked inside the garage and wished she hadn't. Even though she was in her sophomore year of high school, she did not want to see her secret crush and her best friend tangled together on Jacob's couch ravenously making out. She gasped and they broke apart immediately. Shelby's gaze looked hazy like she was under a spell and Jake looked very embarrassed. " Oh, sorry to interrupt you guys... I'll be going now. See you later guys," Bella said, the words shattering her swollen heart. And she ran. Ran to her truck. Ran away from the two best people in her life all because she couldn't handle the pain at the memory that would haunt her. She wrenched open the door of her truck but a tan hand stopped her. Bella looked up to see the beautiful face of the man who held her heart but didn't know it. " Sorry you had to see that Bells," he laughed. She managed to crack a grin even though she felt like crying. " Does she make you happy, Jacob?" Bella asked, not really wanting to hear the answer. He paused for a moment and then slowly nodded. Her heart shattered once again. But she hid the pain she knew would've shown on her face and in her eyes. " Then don't apologize for doing something that makes you happy," Bella said and a flicker of an unknown emotion showed in Jacob's eyes before he sighed relieved. " Thanks Bells, I was worried you'd freak out on me. I know I would've if I'd caught my two besties makin' out!" he laughed. Bella forced a laugh for his sake and flicked two of her fingers in departure as she climbed into her truck and drove off sobbing the whole way home. The next time she say him was at the beach in La Push snuggling with Shelby by the huge bonfire Jake and his friends made every year at the start of the fall. When Shelby saw Bella, she called her over to the couple. Bella sat on the far side of the log, as far away from them as she could without falling off the log. Shelby pulled out her phone and she and Jacob posed together and she took the picture. Bella thought her heart was going to explode from pain and longing. " So, Bella, what are you doing during the fall break?" Jacob asked, smiling over at her. Bella gulped and shrugged saying that she didn't have anything planned yet. Shelby looked over at her and said, " Maybe you can join us for a few days. You wouldn't mind would you Jake?" He shook his head and smiled again. Bella faked another smile for his benefit. It was much later the next time she saw Jacob, right before fall break. She was taking a walk down to the beach from her house because her truck had broken down and she wasn't going to go to him to fix it. She heard the distant growl of his motorcycle and Bella looked for a way to hide from him lest Shelby be with him. But fate was jerk, as Jacob had said multiple times. The sound became louder and louder until it was right behind her. She dared not look at him in fear her broken heart would cause the tears that were always waiting to flow from her eyes. " Whatcha doin' wandering all by yourself, Bells?" his voice called out and she could hear the smile in it. " What does it look like, Jacob? I'm hunting elephants obviously," she said sarcastically, rolling her head back to glance at him. She heard his laugh and he walked next to her. She noticed his girlfriend wasn't with him and she wondered why. She stole a passing glance at his beautiful face before blushing and quickly looking away. " But seriously, what are you doing, Bells?" he asked me and she looked at him and rolled her eyes but refused to answer. Jacob chuckled as he realized she wasn't going to answer him. " Fine don't tell me. I'll weasel it out of you sooner or later," he laughed. Bella blushed again out of guilt for loving a taken man. And a man taken by her very best friend at the least. They walked on silently, Jake rolling his bike along with them. " Are you sure you're okay with me and Shelby, Bells?" he asked, shocking her. " Absolutely Jacob. You guys... deserve each other I guess," Bella shrugged. " I'm cool with it totally." She was lying through her teeth but she only did it to make him happy. After all, she would rather him be happy with another than miserable with her. " Shelby's not sure you're cool with it so you might want to talk to her bout it," he said followed by another batch of silence. They were nearing his house; she knew because she knew the way to his house by heart. " Oh well, see ya later Bells," he said, quickly hugging her and taking the turn to his house. Bella caught herself thinking, " If only I knew the way to his heart as well as to his house." It was the first day of fall break, three days after their encounter on the road down La Push. Bella was meeting up with Shelby over lunch just to talk. It had been a few days since they had really been alone together so the logical decision was to have lunch. They went to a small coffee shop in town and ordered some coffee and pastries. Shelby pulled out her phone and showed Bella a picture. It was a black background with white words on it. It said: Tell me what numbers you think of me: I love your laugh I love your smile I love your hair I love your style I love you I wish we had something I wish you'd get run over by a bus I wish we were friends I wish you'd go away I wish you'd leave me alone I wish you were mine " Jake showed me this and asked me what I would say. I said 1,2,3, and 5. What would you say?" Shelby asked. " Hmmm, I would say no to 7,8,9, and 10," Bella said thinking of the things that she wouldn't want to happen. " What about 6 and 11?" Shelby asked, sounding a little concerned. " Oh... yeah. Those two I guess," she said slowly. Bella mentally slapped herself for slipping up. Shelby laughed and Bella joined in quickly. The conversation quickly moved on to other, less painful topics. Three days later, it was Wednesday and Bella had nothing to do. Jacob had called to say that they couldn't hang as planned because he was spending the day with his girl. Shelby was his girl. Her truck was in the shop. So she walked to the beach again, having never made it the first time. She really hoped she wouldn't run into them. After a thirty minute walk to First Beach, she finally walked onto the sand. The beach was mostly vacant except for a few dedicated surfers. The soothing sound of the waves pulsing calmed the not-so-cheerful thoughts in Bella's mind. She found the driftwood tree that she and Jake had sat on so many times. She ran her hand along the grain of the wood, memories rushing into her mind. Memories of a different Jake, of a single Jake. Of a Jake she might have had a chance with. The tears started whelming up before she could stop them. She heard a voice call her name and she turned around. Through the blur of her tears, she saw tan skin and black hair. Her heart leapt, thinking it was Jake before her saw him up close. It was Embry. She tried to smile at him as he sat on the trunk with her. He saw her tears immediately and looked at her concerned. " What's the matter?" Embry asked looking into her face. " It's nothing really, just... nothing," she quivered. He didn't buy it. He never did. He eventually coaxed it out of her. " It's just that I'm mad at someone who I have no right to be mad at. Two someones really. They're happy but I'm not and I'm mad at them for no reason," she explained. " I think I may know what you're talking about but even if I'm wrong, are you sure you have no right to be mad?" Embry said laughing. " What do you mean, Em?" Bella asked, cocking her head to the side. " Why are you mad at this someone?" he asked carefully. " She... she... I... I have no real reason to be mad honestly," she said. " What did she do to give you no reason to be mad at her?" Embry asked, laughing. " I'll give you the story with fake names. Okay so, Katie is best friends with Cason. Katie is also really good friends with Hanna. All of a sudden, Katie thinks that she loves Cason but Cason tells her that he's now dating Hanna. Katie is heartbroken but can't tell anyone because she thinks that people would think she's a slut for taking a taken man. And she also doesn't want Hanna to hate her so she never ever interferes with their relationship even though he always acts like he'd almost rather not date Hanna," Bella explained. Embry was shaking with laughter even though she was being quite serious. " You make Hanna sound like the slut not Katie!" he laughed out, gasping for breath. " And that's so funny why?" Bella asked raising an eyebrow at him. " Because Shel- I mean 'Hanna' is a slut!" Embry said still laughing his head off. " Wha-what do you mean she's a slut?" she stammered, shocked. " Do you know how many guys she's been with and how quickly she goes through them? Do you know how many guys she's got hooked around her fingers right now? Do you know how many of those guys she's been with since she started dating Ja- I mean Cason?" Embry asked. " Are you serious?! There's no way she'd cheat on such a great guy like Ja-Cason! Right?" Bella exclaimed, thoroughly shocked and disgusted with her own best friend. Embry only shrugged and Bella couldn't believe Shelby could be so heartless. Jacob was the perfect boyfriend, nice and funny and sweet and sexy and loyal and warm and just plain perfect. How could Shelby not see what was in front of her? Bella certainly could but Bella wasn't his girl. Shelby was. But Bella could change that. All she had to do was say five little words and their little relationship would be over. Shelby's cheating on you. It would be so easy. Easier than lying. But Bella wasn't like that. Bella refused to do that to them.