Isaac wakes up, sun shining blindingly through the windows. He was confused. He runs his fingers through the smooth, satin sheets, it feeling cool to the touch. He hears birds chirping outside, the musical twittering peaceful, and far away he hears the soft sounds of waves crashing to the shore. The ocean. He thinks. Isaac loved the ocean. That much he knew. But he couldn't recall where he was. Last thing he remembered, he was fishing… With his best friend. Karina. Where was she? Maybe she could help. He turns on his side, the blanket shifting which exposes more of his bare skin, sending chills through his spine. At first, he hardly notices it. But as he lays, suddenly he becomes aware of the soft breaths next to him. Barely audible, yet heavy enough that he recognized them as someone sleeping. He turns his head. A girl was in his bed. His bed. Or hers. He didn't think this looked like his room. Actually, it did look like his stuff in a room, but… Things were mixed in. Objects that did not belong to him. What? What was happening? The girl's long, brunette tresses cascade over the pillow in tendrils, contrasting the white pillow case. She was on her side. Away from him. He wasn't the type of guy to have one night stands… or any type of sex with random women he didn't know. Hell, he was just shy of seventeen. How did this happen? Slowly, he begins to sit up, his legs swinging over the side of the bed. He feels a shift. "Isaac…?" A soft voice murmurs to him, laced with sleep. He didn't know this girl's name. He didn't know how to respond. Was he drugged? He didn't have a clue. "Izzy… Where are you going?" She whispers, and he once again feels the bed shift, this time a hand tracing up his spine, along the indents. Chills run through him. Her chin rests on his shoulder now, but he still doesn't look. "Hey… I'm sorry… about last night… I—I didn't mean to get upset with you. I didn't feel well…" She softly explains, and his chest aches. He didn't even know who this girl was or what she was talking about, but he wanted to forgive her. After a moment or so of awkward silence that passes between them, she mumbles, the sadness in her voice physically hurting him. He didn't know why. "You're mad at me…" Her voice grows soft, sheepish. He decides it would be a good time to look at her. Tears brim in her eyes as her gaze casts up to look at him. He was instantly taken aback by her beauty. She looked older than him… By a few years at least. Again, he can't help but wonder what was going on. He saw barely there little lines drawn at the sides of her mouth from years of smiling and laughing, but only subtle, adding to her beauty. Her lashes dark, completely natural, and long. They skimmed her cheeks when she closed her eyes, he noticed. She looks helpless at him. Upset, but he could tell it wasn't an emotion directed toward himself. "Izzy…" She starts again, her tears starting to fall as she wipes at her red, puffy nose with her wrist, sniffing; begging. "Talk to me… Tell me what to do. Please. " He blinks, not sure what to say. What was there to say? What do you say when a stranger starts to cry in front of you? He decides to just get it off his mind. No harm, no foul. Right? "I—Um… I don't know you." Smooth. Her lips turn up into a slight smile, though she seems wary. "That's not funny, baby…" She chuckles, and he becomes even more puzzled. Do I look like I'm joking? He wanted to say, but didn't. "No, seriously." He begins, starting to move away from her, suddenly aware of his lack of a shirt, cheeks burning. "Who are you?" Her lips curve down. "Stop teasing… It's not funny." She says again, though he detects a flash of worry behind her eyes. She truly thought he was kidding. Sighing, he asks. "Okay, then. At least tell me your name." Isaac says, seeming cautious. The girl's expression turns hurt. " Isaac! " She yells, obviously unhappy. Little lines creasing between her brows. He wanted them to go away… To see her happy. But he also did not know her. He felt like he should. "How do you know my name?" He asks, his own brows taut as he tries to figure it out, though he was clearly missing a large piece to the puzzle. That's where she realizes something's not right. Tentatively, she reaches her hands out and takes his face between her palms, searching his eyes for something. She thinks you're lying. He wasn't. Tears swell again, this time falling quickly. Her eyes are loving. She loved him. He knew that look. "Isaac… I—I'm your wife. Mia. You know that. Please stop…" Mia. He doesn't realize he spoke out loud. He must've. She looks hopeful, but it vanishes. Her name felt… right, somehow, on his tongue. But his wife? Not possible. "I don't even know you…" He sadly responds, wishing he did. He wish he knew her. Her tears are constant now. She's sobbing. Great. He tries to explain. Maybe she was crazy? Something was wrong with her? "I'm only a kid… You seem nice, really… but we aren't married. Where am I?" But the look she gave him… That look. It told him that maybe there wasn't something wrong with her. Maybe there's something wrong with him. "Isaac, you—you're…" She breaks off to cry more, but his gaze keeps on hers. He felt bad not knowing. Something wasn't right. "You're twenty years old … We've been married for three years. This is our home…" His head swirls. She says more, but he doesn't hear. Three years. I'm missing three years of my life. Her voice rings in his head. Mixed with her soft crying in the background. He passes out. ҉҉҉҉ Isaac sits in the house of a healer. Mia brought him here. It's been three days since his memory loss, and she's been trying to help him remember. The first day was hard. When he woke up after passing out, he once again didn't know where he was. Then he remembered. Mia was his wife. He can't remember the past three years. He's still lying on the floor, but now a soft blanket covers him and a pillow is placed below his head. Mia sits on the bed, watching him with red, puffy eyes. "Hi…" She mumbles quietly, looking away. She didn't feel comfortable with him. That stung… But it shouldn't. "Um… Hey." He replies, rubbing at his eyes. "How long have I been…" He looks around, sitting up slowly. Still looking down at her lap, she murmurs, "Only a few hours." Oh. He scratches his neck. It was midday by now. "You… You really don't remember me?" She asks, her eyes tearing up once more. Now he's the one to look away. What should he say? He couldn't exactly lie to her. "No, I don't." He responds, a twinge of sadness in his tone. He hears more sniffles. He didn't mean to hurt her. This time, he's the one to move. He gets up from his spot on the floor and comes to sit next to her on her bed—their bed. She looks up, but barely. "Help me remember..." He whispers in a plea, and her eyes meet his, not bothering to swipe away her tears now. "I don't know how…" She responds, as if she's given up. He panics. He didn't want her to give up on him. She rests her hand on his cheek again, and he feels his face warm at the touch. "I don't know how," she repeats, "But I want to. I will." At this, he can breathe. He had someone. But didn't he have someone else before? Karina. His mind whispers into his brain, and his brows furrow. "Where's Karina?" Mia looks confused a moment, but then, her eyes deeply sadden. He worries. "Is she at her house?" He wonders, but as he scans the small room, he notices how familiar it is. The worn walls of the little beaten down shack his best friend lives in. Or lived in. Why were they there? Sleeping here? Living here? "I never met her…" Mia sadly states, and he seems confused even more so. How could his wife never meet his best friend? "You never talk much of her, Isaac…" She says his name so casually and full of love. He wished he could be the same way. I don't talk much of her? He didn't understand. Did they have a fight? They always forgave each other… He would've forgiven her for anything. When Mia continues, though, his heart drops to the pit of his stomach. He shakes his head. "She died… before you and I…" She can't finish. He can't speak. He can't breathe, or think. Blankly, he stares at her, and she starts to worry. Her fingers curl around his ear, her touch comforting, but not enough. He felt like his heart was torn out of his chest. "I'm so sorry." Is all she can respond, but her voice is muffled as his head screams at him. Where was he that he couldn't have helped her? I should've been there. He blamed himself. He asks to be alone after that. He could tell Mia was hurt that he didn't want her. All he wanted at the moment was his best friend. She leaves and he just sits. He sits for hours. In the room. Thinking. Reminiscing. And once he notices night fall, he wanders down the stairs to find Mia—his wife—curled up on the sofa in silence, once again crying. She calms a while after seeing him, and she explains what she knew of Karina's death, which evidently wasn't much. He really must not have talked of her much. She died in The Games. Of course. It wasn't really his fault, but he still blamed himself. That night Isaac sleeps on the couch. The next day, Mia keeps her word. She tries to help him remember, but to no avail. She tells him of their years together, of their love. He feels something for the stories… Like his heart remembers… But his brain can't. She seems nervous at some parts as she speaks, her cheeks painting this lovely, crimson color, and he can picture himself being in love with her. He just wished he could remember it. They both are disappointed when by the end of the day he tells her it didn't help. She says she's going to sleep. He doesn't follow. Mia didn't come back downstairs after that. Until this morning. She decided it was time to take him to a healer. He agreed, because well, the other option was keeping his memory the way it was. He didn't like that thought. So now he sits and waits, Mia off to the side in the corner as a plump woman shines some bright lights into his eyes and makes him sniff some odd herbs that were fragranced. He didn't know what they were supposed to do. The woman sighs as she noticed he's unresponsive to whatever she was doing, helplessly looking back to Mia. He could just barely see the woman's face, her eyes seemed sympathetic. To Mia. Mia was holding her tears back, her face red, but blank with emotion. He's noticed the signs of her breakdowns over the past few days together. Anyone else wouldn't be able to tell, but now he could. It was all in her eyes. How they started to glisten and she blinked a lot, willing herself not to cry. Not in front of me. He sadly thought. Mia didn't want to cry