The Hunger Games Part 2: Life or Death Prologue I guess you could say I once lived in District 12, actually not too long ago. Just a couple of days from now. It feels like a million years though. Maybe I would have lived to grow up into a beautiful woman, but I don't see that happening now. I could have lived. But then my somewhat happy world of few friends took a turn for the worst. A reaping was held the year I turned sixteen, which would be the same time my mother journeyed to the same place twenty-five years earlier. I was chosen as a tribute with another boy of the name Colden Abernathy. I didn't know Colden that well. We had only briefly encountered when my mother invites their family to potlucks and barbecues. I caught him staring at me more than once in the hallways of our school though, and I have a feeling somewhere that he might like me more than acquaintances, even friends. Of course, I won't have time to be Colden's friend anymore. Not when we're trying to kill each other. Let me explain in simple terms. My name was on a slip picked precariously from a glass bowl instead of Mayda Trinket, Colden's only other sibling and sister. We were never friends and I wouldn't be friendly if I had the chance to be. From the reaping I was taken captive to the Justice Building where I bade goodbye to my few friends. Diala was still cleaning at the house so we never truly parted, but she might have seen my face at the tribute parade or the interviews while cleaning dishes. I only hope she understands that I liked her too. The train ride to the Capitol to around two days because some railway broke on one of the tracks leading District 7 to the Capitol. They just delayed everyone which made the citizens of the Capitol rather unhappy. It delayed watching us die horrible deaths for their petty entertainment. I met my mentor, Haymitch, and we didn't start off very well. He's drunk and very obnoxious at times. I have to stay on good terms with him though. After all, Haymitch Abernathy will be the one letting and not letting the sponsors from rich Capitols through. They bet on who will survive the few days since the reaping. I hope that a couple will bet money on me. Sponsors are gifts to the tributes that get much more expensive the further in the Games you go. My mom made it to the very end so people will hopefully take a chance on the genes factor. I'm hoping that will help me also. Cinna, my stylist, dressed me up in a dazzling feather dress resembling a mockingjay. My mother was considered the mockingjay in the second, smaller rebellion. Now I am following in her treacherous footsteps. In the Tribute Center, we trained and worked hard to be better fit. It was easier for some, like the tributes nicknamed Careers, teenagers who have fought in academies to be in this their whole lives. I am more fit than most of them but not the Careers. Three others, a boy from District 5, that girl from eight, and Hondel Odair. I met Hondel during the rope tying station. It was one of the many lined around the walls. We could have been friends, maybe more, until he told every single person in Panem he had the biggest crush on me and now I don't think that we could ever have something simple. It gives me another sponsor advantage though, but I have to be a good actor. After the interviews is a Victor's Ball. Some dance with punch and balloons and the most important Capitol citizens, some of them are the rich ones that bet. Hondel and I danced with some of the other tributes. The Careers stood talking quietly in a corner. The next day, we spent the day in the Capitol and I slipped closer to something real with Hondel which is a problem. There is only one victor in the Hunger Games and I can't bring myself to kill Hondel anymore. I care too much now. Days leading to the Games were nervous, but nowhere near in comparison to the morning before. I could barely sleep and eat next to nothing. The hovercraft ride was haunting. I entered the Catacombs afterwards, the place you use to prepare before the Games start at 10:00. Cinna helps me fit into fit clothes adaptable to many types of weather. Other than that they don't give much hint to what lies ahead. It could have been anything from a tundra to a scorching desert. Cinna gives me my token, a golden bracelet from my friend Susie. I give Cinna one last goodbye then I go up the shoot up a tube and wait for my possible but predictable death that could come in a matter of seconds. Chapter Five I have never run as fast in my life. But that might be because I am running for my life. Every other tribute is a blur of swiftness. They are trying to make this too. Too bad half of them won't make it until the night. Among the running my brain forms one thought, I need to follow Haymitch's instructions. I recall one evening after a stressful day of training. We were sitting at the clear, plastic table often visited only during meals.Colden had went to bed early, and I didn't question. Haymitch had not yet really given us any hard-core advice. "When you're in the Cornucopia-" he started. Then a shadow crossed his face as if he was remember a very dark memory. He likely was, of his time being a tribute. "Let me rephrase that. When you are not in the Cornucopia, because you should never go far inside, grab anything you can. Even if it is a stick. A sharp stick can kill someone." My heart sinks when I don't see any pointy twigs, but I spy something not that far away from my standing pedestal. The object is a brownish gray color with long straps flailing loosely to opposite sides in the soft green grass. I steal the sack, which seems to burlap of some sort and a white linen shirt. I'm only hoping that it is my size. I swerve sharply to dodge someone, the boy from District 6 I am pretty sure. Then I turn and bolt as fast as my long legs will allow to be possible. Minutes pass. I don't stop relax or stop running because I know that if I stop some tribute will likely catch up to me. If they're chasing behind they will murder me without a minute's hesitation. I know because I would do the same. I don't even realize what district I'm running in until I trip over a smooth gray stone and slam suddenly on the ground. The breath is knocked from my lungs. If somebody was really following, they would likely step on me. My face is covered in fresh, green grass. Then I notice a sloppy cow patty to my right. I warily get to my feet and survey the area. No one is pursuing yet. Grassy hills roll endlessly to the far distance. Cows graze lazily under the pure blue sky, they aren't being chased by ruthless killers. Of course, they are not all killers. Most of them are like me, not liking murder. But those innocent people will fall. Only the strongest survive, willing to anything. In the far north, I can see tiny straw sticking up from the rich soil. They're crops of corn. I must be staring at District 9, which has grain as it's main produce. A young calf stares at me curiously from a small herd a few hundred yards away. His or her mother snorts then pulls it back to the protective section of the grazing, protected by family. I feel jealous of an animal. I flick my gaze from the cattle and back to the district. After I've collected all information I can effectively gather, I look back towards the Cornucopia. And it has transformed dramatically. The golden symbol of plenty rests peacefully on the four sections of earth. Grass, dirt, sand, and more dirt. Around it, the few remaining battles die away. The Careers are regrouping and soon they will be out for the hunt and it won't be for those cows. I glance farther away in the direction leading to me. No one is in pursuit and I give a relaxed sigh. I have about thirty minutes of solitude even if the Careers do start to head in my direction. Dead, bloodied tributes lay on the ground as a result of not being fast enough. I could have been one of them I think to myself. I shake my head as if that would clear it of negative thoughts. I'm not dead. At least not yet and now I need to think of a strategy, a plan of some sort, to live the rest of the day and farther. Before I get a solid idea of exactly what to do, I sit on the plains and open my burlap sack. It contains some white case of something similar to sunscreen. The next item is hard to define for a moment. It's a small pencil like object painted a bright red. I immediately notice what it is. A fire starter. The weapon is kind of a coincidence on purpose. It started a couple of years ago. Capitol people can pay to have certain objects place in certain spots next to the tributes around the semicircle in the Cornucopia. Citizens bet on what they will grab as well. I can just imagine someone grinning as I find out what the weapon is. Careers usually get a lot of important stuff straight ahead of them while others have the Cornucopia usual. The fighting has stopped and the four Careers regroup to go hunting. Except there's five. That boy from District 5 has gained their alliance, or they've gained his. I stuff the two items along with the linen shirt back into the sack. Then I pull myself up again, throw it on my back, and begin to head northwards to District 9. If I can make it to the border by nightfall it will be a traveler's small feat. My plan has begun there, still not completely formed. Using my semi-educated reasoning, I begin to realize that the tributes that survived the bloodbath will most likely head towards their districts. It will be safer to live in weather and plants and places you've grown up in, right. But this isn't your home I want to tell them. They are just trying to lure you in. The Careers must know this as well. I hope that Hondel isn't thinking that. The Careers will probably take him out later, if he even survived the Cornucopia. But they'll take out people with high scores. A ten. As high as the tough tributes themselves. They might be shamed and embarrassed, eager for revenge. It sends shivers through my spine. My gaze is still locked on District 9. I've already begun to tread lightly in that direction. I constantly glance over my shoulder. You never know who could burst out of friendly mammals, even though it's unlikely. I just picture the deadly girl from District 1 with her choppy, long blonde hair and wild brown eyes ready to kill like a giant carnivore. The thought keeps me moving and alert. But it conflicts with the thoughts of that girl from District 4. The one with curly brown hair that falls in waves on her small, fragile shoulders. The little one with hollow cheekbones and tiny hands. She was shy during training and her interview, speaking only in a whisper. I think her name was Chevrolet or something.