The Hunger Games Part 1: An Entrance Prologue It was a terrible darkness, and it's rather ironic that it happened to occur on a breezy spring evening full of crickets chirping quietly. But there were also birds tweeting simple tunes, and peaceful bouts of breezy wind. A perfect time for fresh outdoor walks in nature and lazy conversations between elderly neighbors that knew each other from kindergarten. If they lived that long. The mountains loomed above, as if trying to protect the village from any harm while still trying to catch the last minutes of sun. Trees flowed effortlessly over the mountains, through the streams, and down into small, bowl-like valleys. Numerous sounds of the forest echo for many miles. Animals, such as cats and bears, roam around, enjoying the last part of a somewhat eventful afternoon. Fish settle down in nooks and crannies underwater. The crickets still chirp with determination but the birds have lost their main chorus. Just a few still sing, as if they would know it's getting closer. It was just a typically small mountainous town watching the very last rays of the sun streak lazily across the sky, bidding farewell to its rather few inhabitants. There wasn't even a foreboding cloud to be seen among the miles of bluish fading to black. A few crows flew high over the clump of buildings. The woods, the mountains, everything is easily appreciated. The evening is a learning experience. Nights as good as this did not come very often, so it really was a shame. A shame because not a single person around was enjoying it. Hardly anyone was even outdoors. The exception being everyone gathered frightfully in the grimy, cramped city square. They weren't enjoying it either. No one listened to the peaceful sounds. Ignoring them was rude to nature, but lives were at stake and nobody favored the lives of their children over tall trees. Everyone else was shut deep inside the bowels of their misshapen houses hunched over on moth-eaten couches or swaying on rickety chairs, staring very fearfully at small, run down, television screens. They weren't alone either. Their closest gathered around the few small screens too. Friends and cousins, in-laws and sometimes even outlaws, but no one cared at the time because they had the same fear. But the rooms were mostly occupied by young children. Or teenagers. Hunched kids hardened with hard work and endless labor. Life wasn't easy for them. Starvation showed easily through the young ones. Hollow bones and protruding ribs. Their eyes resembled those of wild creatures like squirrels and rabbits. Always alert, always hungry, always hungry, always fearful. Fear showed the most through their large young eyes. Especially now, when they knew what was coming. After all, it concerned them the most. It was their lives at stake. Not that they'd make it to adulthood anyway. Maybe in better conditions, but not here. Fear showed somewhere else too. Through the older ones. Parents eyes were hardened slightly, but they could hardly contain it. They had to be strong, for the children. Their children. The odds were slim but so, so, so possible. They just couldn't be gone that fast, could they? It was a little bit easier because they were more familiar with the tragedies. Growing up around something your whole life, and it's annual. Losses became normal and not so protruding over the many years. I mean, they've been doing this for a century! A few couples hug. Others sit in their homes to, but they have no one left to love. To lose. So they guess the odds and problems. Calculating tons of facts helps cover your mind from the loss of loved ones. From this or other fatalities. Small accidents tend to screw themselves deep inside you because you know they're so simple, yet they killed so many. Easy mistakes like falling and tripping. It's murdered thousands. Water is one of man's greatest enemies and friends. Every object can hurt, or at least that's what those people think, the ones with no one left to love, nothing left to care for. But back to the families with someone to lose. They sit silently, waiting for the likely death sentences. Suddenly, everyone's hearts leaped simultaneously in cold anticipation. This is what they've been waiting for. And it's a channel flashing on the cracked screens in town. The pixelated color replaces the gray, crackling, useless static. Two very absurd looking people were lounged complacently side by side on clear glass chairs as tall as they were. In front of them laid a long plexiglass table. The walls in the background harbored a light playful orange, like a nursery room. One of them was a woman that seemed to be in her mid-twenties. She proudly wore with a huge fanned purple hat, a skinny silk dress, and shimmering high heels. The other was a man decked entirely in an ecstatic orange far from the peaceful olor in the background. This orange jarred the viewers eyes with a multiplied neon effect. The ecstatic color showed brightly from his completely square top hat to his shining rubber boots that didn't reach the wooden floor because the chair was so remarkably tall. "Oh, I think this is going to be an exciting one this year," the woman chided in an obnoxious accent made of clipped consonants and long vowels. Of course, the accent was custom and very appropriate far away where she lived. Back in the small town though, it was like talking gibberish, or Japanese. "Remember the last quells?" she asked interestedly, still ever annoying with her accent. "The first one was rather boring," the orange man claimed with a disappointed expression. He had the same emphasis. "The 50th was exciting. It had me on the exact edge of my seat when that ghastly volcano erupted. Even you couldn't have predicted that," the purple lady gasped. "Please Delaney, the 75th was more thrilling. Who could have thought there would be no Cornucopia, no sponsors, and no other life? It's positively thrilling to the very end" The two argued about which quell was more heart pounding, and that included waving their arms in ridiculous poses trying to act out which killing scene was the absolute best. It was rather humorous to see two reporters dressed in funny clothing bludgeon invisible thirteen-year-olds. At least it is humorous to us, but not to the people watching from their place far away, who would have acted the same and commented that it wasn't good enough. It wasn't funny to the people in the small town, whose friends and family had be the ones killed. Then finally, after a particularly gruesome display of choking and axe throwing, the orange reporter man huffed defeatedly, "Well we'd better get straight to it then." The families leaned closer. They didn't want to see those reporters laugh and make fun of their relatives deaths. They wanted to know who would be next in line to possible get pelted in the face by knives. The camera flashed to a small, dimly lit room where a tall man stood patiently. He had black neat hair and beard dressed a black suit, standing out against the pale peach wall. His eyes were temporarily hidden in shadow which was rather fortunate as his eyes were a deep unforgiving blue tinged with sadness and anger and revenge and utter hatred. A small boy in a suit with yellow hair came up with a brown box. The man nodded reassuringly to the kid and opened it slowly. Thousands of yellow packages lay neatly stacked in rows. The people at home shivered. There would be many more after this one. He withdrew one of the small, yellow envelope with the utmost care as if it were a time bomb. It was for the groups huddled in their homes. The young child closed the chocolate brown box and stepped away. The newly taken envelope shined mischievously in the concentrated light of the small room. Small families at home hugged each other while kids shivered anxiously. The man opened it carefully and said, "In the first quarter quell, to show that it was the districts that brought this upon them, they had to vote who would be chosen as tribute. In the fiftieth annual Hunger Games, to remind you that for every two rebels were killed a Capitol citizen died, twice as many tributes were brought into the games. "In the third quarter quell, to explain that no help comes in the darkest times, the tributes had no means of gifts to help them win. To prove that things must be in order and the games must be played despite the past, the tributes of this year's Hunger Games will be reaped from past contenders children.'' The suited man finished his speech, folded the note back up, slipped it quietly in his pocket, and stepped off the camera. Most families sighed with relief that their kids were safe for another year. That they will have a better chance of seeing next spring and beyond. That they won't fight to the death on live television in front of the world. Everyone but two families, two very unfortunate families that knew one of their kids might not live long enough to see the next spring. Chapter One I get up stealthily from my wooden-framed bed as my feet slip comfortably into my leather shoes and tiptoe out of the room through a door opened ajar. I walk faintly through the hallway like a ghost to the metal kitchen. The place looks spotless, and it's no surprise. I have trouble keeping my shoes from squeaking against the tiles rubbed smooth by hours of work from our maid, Diala. Diala is a good friend of mine, though she never talks and makes me feel like having a one on one conversation with myself. My mom hired her because she doesn't want to do the work herself. I've heard she was imported from the Capitol but don't confuse her with an avox. Diala's been here as long as I can remember. She's one of my only friends, since no one at school wants to be friends with... you know. Grabbing what I essentially need for my predicted trip and stuffing it into a simple leather bag, I at long last reach the door. I swing it open and step cautiously outside. I survey the area. The summer morning was not as stifling as it would soon get. Crowded, crooked pines stand in clumps along the road. Not a single clouds peeks the pink and orange dawn. A lane of abandoned houses line themselves up side by side with mine. Nothing from the outside has made it inside for a hundred years, but construction crews come every twenty-five years, just in case. The houses have always been abandoned because they're only for... you know. I start to the graveled dirt road. It looked recently made but I knew better. Hardly anyone treads these roads. The paths seem to bring back terrible, dark memories. We have the reputation close to a cemetery. But the Capitol reporters and photographers don't get the obvious memo. They frankly don't get anything at all. None of them do. I've had to hide from them my whole life, because of who I am. It's like being a superstar as a toddler. When they come I usually put my head down and hide. The small trail swerves into a larger path heading towards the main bulk of District 12. Halfway through I pause to catch my breath and eat some cheese I packed. I begin to hike on again. The travel is refreshing and calming. All by myself with the wind blowing through my messy hair and the rising sun warming my back. Only the pines and gurgling streams to comfort me. The air as my only friend. No one to stare at me nervously as I walk in the hallways