Story notes: This is my take at a roundabout way of letting Snape find out about Umbdrigde's punishment. I've enjoyed vey much writing it, I hope you like it at least half at much. Most of the neighbors had had their suspicions, some even had first hand information, but it was such a big thing to accuse someone of, and besides: what if they were wrong? The Dursdleys seem like such nice people… So as it usually happens, no one did anything—or, or more fairly they did . They just didn't do enough. They did the same things anyone does for that cute little kitten that's been left in the park. To the kitten they kept some food and milk in a I-wont-miss cup, and to the boy the saved a smile, a crayon or two when he was little, a pair of old snickers now and then, the opportunity to weed their garden for more money they would usually pay, a few pitting glances across the years, and all along plenty of blind eyes to the telling bruises and swollen lips. What they didn't do was call the authorities. For neither. "Did you heard, dear? The lad: Harry –Petunia's nephew? Yes, the boy with that hair, well, It seems he has ran away! Patti told me that Penny's older heard some yelling about him running away. Good for him I say, poor love, always looking so lost, but ready to help all the same; what? oh, yes, Brutus? I heard that too, but my Tommy once had a girlfriend that worked there as a psychiatry and I wanted to send him some of my homemade cookies that he loved so much, but there was no Harry—oh, what was his last name? Porter?..." Petunia lifted her nose even higher and just passed right between the two as if she hadn't a care in the world, and as far as she knew, she didn't. All was good in her life. Dudley had gotten good grades in all but a subject or two, Vernon was about the get a car that was even more expensive that the Thompson's, her roses might be looking a little under the weather and the weather itself wasn't agreeing with her hair, but those were little things, and so what if Harry had run away? It wasn't her fault, he was a big boy now. She had done all she could for him, in spite of it all, she had seen to his studies, he had been fed and clothed and she had kept her word: she took him in. She walked a little faster to get away of the dark thoughts. She took him in. Moreover, if after a whole month she hadn't heard a word from that other world, chances were he was with them . It wouldn't be the first time he took out like that, but it would be the last. Dear Vernon was furious, and rightly so, the boy had said some truly nasty things that night, upsetting poor Vernon and putting him off his food, all with untruth accusations and outrageous lies – , just the thought of it made her want to slap him again. They had done all they could. They had had to use a hard hand with him but he still wouldn't learn, the half witted boy!. She walked even faster, strident and sure, slapping her shoes against the sidewalk, ready to burn off some frustration, but the memories were persistent ones and in no time were right beside her again. They had tried to show him the ways of polite society but he just kept on making up stories about fairies -of all things fairies! - on the garden, her harden for the Lord's name!, and telling tales in school about flying bikes and giant people. "Imagination" the teacher told them, but they knew better. They took him to the Father of the church and he told them all her fears had been true, she had a good instinct he had said. The boy was possessed, and it was up to them to free him. "This particular demon" the Father had told them "feeds on our young ones, and as many of his kind; is afraid of the light," the cupboard was the solution "pain" Vernon had taken a deep breath and said he would do it "hunger" with a look at her brave husband she nodded taking up the task "and above all, our Lord." They had paid a small fortune out of the boy's stipend for the Father to help them, and in the following years, he taught them how to keep the monster at bay, but the monster wouldn't leave the boy's body. He would still conjure toys for himself, grow his hair back, talk to things in the dark. "Kinship" the priest had called it, and knowing Harry's roots Petunia had wholeheartedly agreed. From time to time she could still see that thing lurking deep in Harry's eyes wearing defiance as a cloak and they knew they were being too soft on the boy and it was time to tight things up. "Please stop! stop! I'll be good I swear, please stop!" His nephew would sob, but her Vernon was a strong man, and knew better than to listen to the demon's plead hidden in the boy's voice, and he'd strike again. Demons fear pain. Harry meanwhile was running as fast as his legs would allow him, the Order had found him and they were sure to send him back. He wasn't going to go back, he had packed all his things and left them at Mrs Figg's door with a note "I'm fine, please don't look for me, I'll be at the train on September 1st . -HP", he had made a new life for the summer, he had got a job, a name, a friendly dog who would always follow him the first seven blocks to almost everywhere and he even had a room which made him feel all grown up every time he had to pay the rent once a week; maybe at first things hadn't gone so well and he had even thought, for an insane second, about going back but he was all right now. Two times before had the Order found him and as many times he had managed to best them, but they were growing bolder every time, coming back in greater numbers. This time they were many and he was one, and they had magic and he was tired, and they were grown ups and he wasn't even of age yet, and they were mad and he was scared, and they were closer and he was hurting, and they just fired. And he just fell. The next time he woke up was to the unwelcome familiarity of a house that was no one's home. A temporal solution to be sure, these wards were no match to those of privet drive. Dumbledore had told him so when Harry had asked again for the chance to stay somewhere else, anywhere. He almost told him that time, all of it, but he got tongue tied and the words eluded him. He was ashamed of himself, of letting them do that to him, of being so weak and stupid and…. besides, he argued with himself while Dumbledore explained that he only had to stay for a fixed amount of days for the wards to build up, if he had gotten this far perhaps he could take just one more summer, he was older now, he thought, he could even maybe fight Vernon, and if he could manage a good preservative spell perhaps he could keep some food, and Dudley would be easy to outrun, he always was. It wouldn't be so bad. He could take it, he could do it! He didn't last even a week. And now here he was, back in Girmmauld Place. For a long time, he just sat on the bed, feeling naughty for running away and claustrophobic at being caught. The sun filtered through the windows out some holes in the purple curtain, filling the room with golden specs of dust. The gloomy feeling that radiated off the house didn't help his defeatist mood. He felt like a prisoner at his ally's hand. Inevitably the door cracked open and Professor Lupin stepped inside, ever since Sirius's death Remus had become what others would call an uncle of sorts, Harry cared for him enough to call him anything but. He called him professor. Potter swung his legs back and forth, sitting on the side of the bed, too ashamed to look at anything else that the tips of his socks and noticing idly that a little hole was in the making over the big toe. He heard the sound of a chair being set into place in front of him- He would have to stitch it up, the little hole, this were his favorite socks. The groaning of the old chair under the professor's weight and a swirl of air that disturbed the dust— He had a needle and some thread in his bag, it wasn't the right color but it would have to do. "Harry" He didn't have was his bag, thought. He swung his legs faster, the motion bleeding frustration, his sock clad heels making a soft noise against the bed. "Harry" a finger under his chin and he closed his eyes harder trying fiercely to just think in the needle and the little hole and the stitch and the missing bag— "Harry, look at me" Remus wasn't yelling, but that just made it worse. He should be angry, disappointed, mad, furious beyond words but he sounded just like Remus. Nice old Remus. "Please?" Feeling much like a child he opened his eyes. "-lo" he whispered but then cleared his throat and repeated higher "Hello, Professor" Remus looked older, not because of the wrinkles or the white hair or even the set of the shoulder, but because of his eyes. His eyes looked tired, duller, darker. Harry felt even worse for running away and knew he would say yes when Remus asked him to go back, he wouldn't be a burden to Remus, he wanted Remus to like him. He would go back. Again. He felt an implosion in his chest and the sheer terror at the knowledge made his heart skip a beat, but when Lupin asked if he was ok he just nodded feeling betrayed and very much alone. "Thank you Harry, it will be ok, you'll see; Albus has already spoken with your aunt and they are ready to take you back" he patted Harry's leg mistaking terrified worship with willing compliance "Good lad" "It can't be that bad" said Tonks who had now a firm grip on Harry's arm and had added a tracking charm for good measure after Potter's second attempt at running. Harry was too busy hard boiling his resentment to answer, but then again Tonk's wasn't waiting for any, and just kept on talking "Professor Dumbledore talked with them, I thought Remy told you, and sure they are mad, but so are we and we aren't throwing you to the wolves, now are we?" A pause showed this time she was waiting for an answer but Harry just gave her a side along glance that the auror wouldn't learn the meaning of until later. "Now I'm serious Harry, no more running away, ok? I know it must be hard being cut off from magic, but take it as a holidays of sort, ok? We don't have the spare men to chase after you, so I want you to promise me you'll wait here for us, a magical promise this time, Harry, ok? A binding one, all right? Now promise, promise and I shall trust you, warrior.…" In the end Harry was bullied into such a promise. Who knew Tonks could be so sneaky? He had