I wrote this is SongFic based on the song "Bad Things" by Machine Gun Kelly. I love the melody of this song, and the lyrics intrigued me. The whole thing screamed secret/ forbidden affair. I have no idea where the incest idea came from, but when I thought of my favorite blonde Twilight 'siblings', the story wrote itself. All human/ AU – written from the sister's pov. That said - This story has STRONG SEXUAL LANGUAGE AND DESCRIPTIONS BETWEEN SIBLINGS. If the idea disgusts or offends you, don't read it just to bash it. I recognize that incest is not only a social and legal taboo. I understand there are many cases of incest cases of abuse. I believe that Abuse (no matter what kind) should always be reported. Don't worry about the shame and try to put fear aside. Please seek help … don't let it continue. Alternately, according to google (my resource for everything lol) and an article I found on, "Alternet" – "Sexual contact between siblings may be destructive, though it doesn't always constitute abuse." The article goes on to say, "As repulsive as many people would view having sex with their siblings, tales of brother/sister love, particularly between long-lost siblings, are not uncommon." XOXOXOXOXOX Backstory: Our leading lady was left by her mother as a baby, to be raised by her single father. Several years after her mother left, she had a son with another man. Her mother pulled the same thing with that guy, leaving her son to be raised by his daddy as well. Fast forward 16 years, the daughter is 20 and meets her teenage half-brother for the first time. They get to know each other, bonding over similar abandonment history, they build a relationship. Fast forward another 16 years, they reconnect again, and then things take a turn in their relationship. BAD THINGS Present day - March 2017: My cell phone alerted me to an incoming message, so I looked down to read it. The sender's name was blank, but I knew who it was from. I had erased his name from my contacts, long ago, because I couldn't risk anyone ever discovering the kinds of things he and I spoke about. Not that I was embarrassed by the subject matter anymore, but no one could know who he was. I stare at his message, and I could see his handsome face in my mind, causing the usual tightness of anticipation in my belly. Incoming Message: Hey, Sugar. I'll be in town soon. Love you/ miss you. I rarely let myself think of him because whenever I did, the feeling is always the same. I'd lose focus on whatever I was supposed to be doing, and replayed our memories in my mind. I recalled meeting him, getting to know him, saying good bye, worrying and missing him, and then reconnecting online years later. My mind went through everything that led us to where we always found ourselves when he came to town. xoxoxoxox October 2015: We spoke a handful of times and he visited once or twice through the years, but my worries never rested. It was over a decade and a half later that we only really reconnected over the internet, because he was stationed overseas. I'd heard and still believed that communicating in writing, allows a person to open-up more easily. That seemed to be the case for us, as our conversations varied and flowed from one topic to another. Inevitably, topics got down right personal. At first, I was embarrassed to discuss such things, especially with him of all people. Among endless topics, our conversations would often veer towards sexual history, partners, experience, or lack thereof. Of course neither of us were virgins, and hadn't been for years. Hell, I became a married teen-mom at sixteen and had a toddler by the time I met him. Our affection grew and we bonded over our similar family histories. Then, he joined the military and moved away. Sixteen years later, I was divorced from my husband, while he was a highly ranked military soldier and so far from the nervously shy teenager I met. Even so, sex was something we initially tried to side-step as much as possible whenever we chatted. Yet, as our mutual trust in each other grew over time, we agreed to be mature about it. We were both adults, so having open discussions about sex could be like any of the hundreds of other subjects we conversed about. As such, it was revealed that even several years my junior, he had a much wider set of experiences than me. I had always prided myself a free spirit and open minded person, but it became clear that I had unknowingly been playing it safe all along. After some prodding on my behalf, he reluctantly admitted to his dominant bondage preferences. It was an eye opener for me, and I was … intrigued. That entire conversation was bizarre at best. When I didn't react with disgust or disapproval, he confessed some of his other fantasies. I didn't want to admit it to myself, and much less to him, but his fantasies had piqued my interest. The scenes he painted became my fantasies too. Except, mine were far more depraved than I could ever admit. I started having sexual dreams about him. I wondered if I was out of my head or out of my mind. I would shamefully wake up and felt I could never explain or mention the bad things I liked. It was all so complicated. xoxoxoxo November 2015 : A month passed with neither of us reaching out to the other, and I knew our last conversation was the reason. I assumed he might be embarrassed about his confessions, and I hated the idea of him feeling that way. In contrast, the reason I hadn't reached out, was hard to admit to myself and would be impossible to disclose to anyone. He had already been absent from my life for too long, and I didn't want that to continue. He was a part of me, and it would hurt to lose him over a conversation we should have probably avoided. Regardless of any embarrassment he may have felt, and despite my own perverse thoughts, I sent him a text. Outgoing Message: Hey! Just checking in. Want to make sure you're ok… that we're okay. Love you/ miss you I wanted to believe he had been busy, and hadn't just avoiding me. But when his reply came almost instantly, I got my answer, and realized he had been waiting for me to make the first move. Incoming Message: Thought I scared you away. If you're ok, we're ok. Love you/ miss you too, Sugar. Outgoing Message: You couldn't scare me away. Intrigued, more like. Regardless, nothing will come of it, so no point in discussing something that will make you feel ashamed or uncomfortable. We've had plenty conversations that aren't sexual in nature, and can do it again. Don't want to lose you. Incoming Message: You won't ever lose me, Sugar. Sorry I went MIA. And I wasn't ashamed or uncomfortable, but I thought you might have been. Were you really intrigued? Outgoing Message: Don't disappear again - Promise? And yeah, intrigued. But as I said, nothing will come of it. No worries. Incoming Message: Guaranteed promise. Why, nothing? If you're curious, you can ask me anything. I had to think carefully for a few minutes, before answering. I couldn't give too much away, and I didn't want to ask him for details that my sick brain would later twist around. He said we were okay, so I wouldn't risk that by revealing what had been stewing in my warped mind since our last conversation. Outgoing Message: I recently read the Shades Series and saw the first movie. When you told me what you liked, I was interested in the idea of being controlled by someone like that. The reason I know nothing will come of it, is that I can't see myself trusting any of my BBs … much less a stranger, in that way. Incoming Message: What I've done and what I like, are not like that series. And please, never with a stranger, okay. Now, I know that you are anti-boyfriend. But, don't you have a couple of trustworthy guy friends? BBs or Benefit-Buddy, you call them, right? Lol I hummed to myself at his words. I ended things with one of my BBs recently, and the other moved away almost a year. I was officially in a rut and hadn't realized it. Maybe that was partly to blame for my wayward and deviant thoughts. Trying to steer my head away from thinking of him like that, I decided to answer him instead. Outgoing Message: I tried one of the scenes from the movie with one of my BBs… it was fun until it wasn't. I guess you can say I unfriended him. The other one moved away, so no remaining BBs to speak of, for the time being. Incoming Message: I see … How interested are you in bondage and being controlled? A crazy part of me I wanted to answer him truthfully, but the rational side knew I couldn't. So, I replied without really answering his blunt question. I couldn't go revealing the depths of my depravity. I was bummed at the reality of my situation, but tried to lighten my mood. Outgoing Message: Don't see why it matters, Hon. As established, there's no one around I would trust to tie me down and control me. Besides, I don't know much, but I do know it must be someone I trust. I'll just live vicariously through my books and movies. LOL Incoming Message: Well, you can trust me … That was all he said, but it stopped me cold. He couldn't mean … he had to be joking. I must have taken longer than I realized to reply, because another message came in from him. He was back pedaling, but I was still unsure what he meant in the first place. I couldn't imagine he was referring to the same thing I was thinking. Again, I couldn't form a reply with my mind was running wild, so he sent a third message. Incoming Message: Or not … but it does matter. Incoming Message: I scared you away this time, didn't I? You still there? My mind was trying to convince me to believe he meant what I desperately wanted, but that just couldn't be right. He was my … no! That couldn't be what he meant. Many thoughts swirled around my head, as I tried to figure out his intention and how to answer him. I was still drawing a blank, and then my phone rang. Caller ID was blank and I knew it was him. "I can trust you, to what?" I asked instead of a greeting, when I connected the call. "So, you are still alive, just ignoring my messages." He sighed, in a weird tone. "Yeah and no. I'm alive, but I wasn't actively ignoring you. I just … I didn't know how to answer. What did you mean?" I asked, still perplexed and needing his clarification. "You said your interest didn't matter, but your interests will always matter to me. You said you'd only consider trying with someone you trusted. And well, you - um - you have me. I hope you know you can trust me. I'll keep you safe. You wouldn't have to live vicariously." He told me, sounding genuinely honest but slightly unsure at the end. I couldn't make my mind work correctly to answer him. The control I had over my brain - to keep my dirty thoughts at bay – it broke with his words. I was assaulted with images of him tying me up, putting his hands on me, and forcing me to do as he commanded. I think I squeaked and