A/N: Takes place several months after the book/movies finale. What happens when our favorite female wolf needs to cool down during Heat Wave? Sizzling Citrusy LEMONS, that's what! (say that 5 times fast!) LOL - One Shot Leah/ Embry - Rated M for a reason! Inspired by a "help" request from RVDLegsTrish XOXOXOXOXOXOXOX Leah POV Summer brought one of the hottest days Forks had ever seen. My Pack brothers all planned to head towards the Reservation's public pool for the day., and I thought about joining them. However, I was not in the mood to deal with their overall childish rough-housing, and the thought of their imprints joining was less than appealing. Although I was still a part of Jake's Pack with Seth, I had made my peace with all the rest of them, especially after everything we went through with the Cullens during winter. Still, being around other couples sometimes made me feel like an outsider among them. So instead, I opted to go for a stroll towards the old waterfall, deep in the woods. When I arrived, I wondered how I could have forgotten, just how beautiful this place was. The waterfall poured into a small lake and was so far from any trail path, that hardly anyone knew it was there at all. I listened for foreign sounds, but there wasn't anyone else around. Still in my wolf body, I lunged into the cool and refreshing water. I mentally giggled when the bubbles tickled and floated around my fur. I was under the water's surface for as long s I could hold my breath, then phased back into human form and rose to the surface. I floated around peacefully, letting the current move me around slowly. Surrendering to the crashing sounds of the waterfall and the light breeze in the trees, I was feeling relaxed and so at-one with nature. I made a mental note to do this more often, as it proved to be a great place to escape and find some peace. After a while, I decided I should go home soon. Mom invited Charlie and Billy for dinner, and I knew I'd be expected to help out. With a reluctant sigh, I stopped floating, placed my feet on the ground, and dunked my head once more. When I broke through the surface again, I used my hands to smooth my hair back as I walked over to the water's edge. Once again, I listened for any out of place sounds, heard nothing aside from the crashing water and common sounds of nature. So, made my way out of the water by the grassier side of the lake. I squeezed my short hair, letting water pour over my shoulders and back, and felt a breeze chill against my wet skin. I brushed my hands over my shoulders, arms and my stomach, trying to push off the excess water. It would suck to phase while I was dripping wet, so I planed to bring a towel next time. My eyes fell on a large but smooth rock a few feet away. The sun was illuminating it through a gap in the trees above. That seemed like a good spot to dry off, if ever there was one, so I walked towards it. I climbed on the rock easily and lay back on it, basking in the warm sun rays. Now that I had cooled down in the water, the unusual Forks heat didn't feel too horrible. In fact, the warm sun was a great contrast to the breeze that pebbled my skin. I ran the pads of my fingers against my neck and shoulders again, realizing that I wasn't exactly dry yet. I ran my hands down my chest, towards my tummy too, and the pads of my fingers rubbed against my nipples. The unexpected and sudden sensation caused small moan to escape me without warning. I exhaled and after a second, I did it again deliberately. That time, my moan was louder when a thrill shot through me and tingled between my legs. I wasn't a virgin by any means, but it had been so long since I was with ... him. I shook my head slightly and quickly blocked that train of thought. I had endured too much, for too long, and I refused to let him into my thoughts in that way again. regardless of the who, it had been a long time since I had been intimate. So soon after the break up, I had been thrown so many twists and changes, that sex hadn't crossed my mind. But now, all alone out here, a heated feeling was growing inside me and increasing my need. I squeezed my thighs together, trying to alleviate the throb there but the ache was too strong. I let my leg fall open and when the breeze hit me there, I moaned again. Knowing the only thing that could help, I brought my fingers to my clit. I shuddered and hissed in pleasure, then used my other hand to tease and pinch my nipples. Even though I was alone, it was still exhilarating to do something that should be private, out in the open. xoxoxoxox Embry POV xoxoxoxox Paul, Jared, Collin and I were running in our wolf-forms, after leaving the communal pool. It was crowded there, so we decided to head towards the old waterfall. The rest of the guys stayed at the pool, except for Jake and Seth that headed to the Cullen's place. I was glad some of the guys chose to hang out with me, because I often felt left out while they hung out with their imprints. I understood their needs, but I wasn't thrilled about being top choice to babysit the younger wolf-pups, just because I didn't have a significant other. We remained stealthy while make our way through the woods, in case anyone was lurking this far into the forest. It wouldn't do us any good to get spotted after the mysterious killer 'bears' had been hunted and supposedly eradicated. As we walked, we mentally joked and made plans to jump from the top of the waterfall, into the lake at the bottom. When I cleared the tree line near the edge of the waterfall, I decided to measure the jumping distance. I came to a sudden stop when I saw someone floating in the water below. In less than a second, I noticed that person was a naked woman, and only a moment after that, I realized it was... "Holy Shit, that's Leah!" My thoughts reached my brothers, as they followed behind me. In their minds, I knew they were seeing the same thing I was, but Collin still came to look over the edge beside me. We had all seen each other naked, from time to time – that was wolf life. Yet, this felt different and my brothers felt the same way. This wasn't Leah about to phase into her wolf or shift back into her human body. This was Leah, floating naked and serenely, thinking she had privacy. I knew we should leave, and my brothers agreed with me ... except ... I couldn't make myself turn away. "Although it's nothing I haven't seen before, I know Rachel would be hurt if I stayed ... Besides, Leah will be pissed enough when she learns we saw her, then kick our asses if we stay." Paul mentally warned us. "Not only would it also hurt Kim, but I agree with Paul. I'm not trying to get on Leah's bad side." Jared's mind echoed. "Well, I don't have an imprint to worry about, but I feel we should respect her privacy." I mentally agreed with my brothers, then turned to address Collin. "Besides, fifteen is a bit too young for …" My thoughts were interrupted I saw Leah stand up in the water. "Woah!" Collin mentally gasped as he took in Leah's beasts outside of the water. "Shit! That's my queue. I'd like to keep my balls intact, so I'm out!" Paul mentally called as he ducked away, with Jared following behind him and echoing Paul's thoughts. I wanted to urge myself away and bring, well drag Collin with me, but I couldn't even look away. I was stuck stupid when Leah began rubbing her hands over her wet and glistening body, trying to dry off. She was exquisitely beautiful and looked like a naked goddess, amidst her surroundings. "Seriously?" Collin's mind asked with a chuckle at my thoughts, reminding me he was still here. "Shut it!, Actually, get lost, Kid!" I mentally roared at him. "Yeah? I'll go if you go…" He challenged me, and I was about to give him what for, but then we saw Leah lay herself on a rock. "Shit!" / "Oh, hell!" / "Damn!" Came the three mental voices of Paul, Jared, and Colin. While Paul and Jared were already pretty far away, they could still see Leah in Mine and Collin's head. Suddenly, they were gone, leaving only Collin and myself. I figured they shifted back to human form, in order to get out of our heads. I looked at Collin for a second, only to find he was peering down at Leah. In his mind, I saw Leah lightly touching her stiff nipples, just as the sound of her moan reached my ears. " CLAIM HER !" My instincts roared ... but I heard the same thing in Collin's young mind as well, and it made me want to attack him. "Em, believe me when I say this. I don't want to, but I feel like fighting you for her, right now. I just don't understand why." Hie warned me as we stared at the beautiful woman below. "Me too. It's probably a wolf thing." I responded, not sure if it was right or not, but figuring that was the reason. When Leah opened her legs and reached her fingers between them, Collin let out a small whimper, and I knew exactly how he felt. It was taking every single ounce of my control to keep from lunging myself down to claiming Leah, as every cell in my body demanded. Not a second later, we smelled Leah's arousal and I heard his mind was very close to losing his control as well. We were both on the verge of breaking, but neither of us could move away. "I know I should go but I can't. I'm gonna … Em, I need to -" Collin's desperate mind pleaded as he pictured mating with Leah in his mind. He was shifting his weight to his hind legs, preparing to jump, and I know it was entirely up to me to stop him. "Phase, Collin! Shift back, then run home. I mean it." I yelled in my head, ad I quickly used my body to block his path. He was huffing his breath but he managed to shift, then his human body sagged on his knees and half leaning against my side. He was still panting as he looked over the edge again, and so did I. Leah was no longer laying down, but sitting on the rock with one hand moving between her legs and another alternating between her breasts. Her head was thrown back, and her eyes were closed tightly. The sight of her and her smell were too much for me to ignore anymore. I shot one final glance at Collin and nudged him off me, making him stand up and run away as I had instructed. Instantly, with no further care to Collin, I was off the ledge and falling through the air. I landed in the water in wolf form and stayed that way even as I reached the surface. It was obvious that my less-than-graceful splash startled Leah. She stared at me in shock and horror. I kept my eyes on hers as I exited the water swiftly and shook off the water from my fur. Leah