The characters and their characteristics are all from the beautifully creative mind of Stephanie Meyer ... but this alternate universe & plot line are all mine. :) This is my first story on fan fiction. Please review & comment ... Constructive criticism is totally welcomed. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it. 'New Beginnings' takes place circa New Moon timeline, but with a twist. Different events and revelations, change the course of the story we know and love. Bella & Edward made love before marriage. There's still a breakup, but the Cullens won't leave her. Bella won't be an only child for long, and there are more than Vampires and Shape Shifters in the quiet little town of Forks! NEW BEGINNINGS Prologue – Bella POV After countless hours of walking, stumbling and searching for him, there I lay on the cold ground, somewhere deep in the forest. Because of my never-failing clumsiness being what it always was, I tripped somewhere in this endless forest and fell … a lot. But, after the realization actually set in, that he left me, I couldn't find it in me to get back up again. Countless hours passed as I just lay there, and all the while, I was recalling all that had lead up to this point. *Memory* I finally let Alice convince me to celebrate my 18th birthday weekend with The Cullens, since Charlie had to work that weekend. She had already gotten to him, and he agreed because she makes it impossible to refuse her. Alice and the family were planning a family dinner for me on Saturday. In her world, this meant I should stay over since Friday night, and partake in "Birthday-Girl Slumber Party Fest". She's gotten about a dozen chick flicks for us to watch. She may have overlooked that I would require sleep at some point, and probably would finish them all. She's also got a huge assortment of candy and even more snacks which would be impossible to consume... especially, since I'd be the only person actually eating any of it. Esme and even Rosalie join us for a while. I truly felt like just one of the girls, regardless of the difference in our human status. I think even Rosalie defrosted a bit towards me, even if for a little while. I had never had a slumber party, and I knew I'd never fit in like I felt I did, with these women. Still, as the night wore on, I began to miss Edward. Knowing he was there, in his home, but banished by Alice, just like the other men were for the slumber party, I kept wanting to see him and spend time with him. Alice must have noticed or had a vision that'd ask about seeing him, because she jumped up suddenly at the end of 13 Going On 30. I thought she was about to put in a new move, when she made an announcement that we were switching to "Bed Time with Our Favorite Person". We all smiled at what that meant, then she and Rosalie darted away in an instant. Esme stayed to hug me goodnight, and walked towards Carlisle's study, where I assumed he had been. Then, I went to the stairs and made my way towards bedroom. Before I made it to the top of the stairs, Edward was there and he swooped me up into his arms. As he kissed me, I felt a slight breeze and opened my eyes to find myself already standing in his room, by a new bed in Edward's room. "You bought a bed?" I questioned. "It's a birthday present." he shrugged and answered. The look on his face though, gave me the impression that if he could blush, he would. "Is it okay?" he asked softly. "It's great." I smiled, and thoughts of all we could do on this bed flooded my mind. Then, I felt bolder than ever. "You know, Edward, I didn't really ask you for a birthday present". I said, as the feelings stirring within me were turning me into some sort of harlot, but I just couldn't care. He was looking into my eyes and noticed him inhale. His pupils widened and his eyes darkened. I might have been scared if he wasn't turning me on. "Very true. What should I do with the bed, if you don't want it?" and asked me and damn, if his voice wasn't the sexiest thing I've ever heard. "I didn't say I didn't want it… just that I didn't ask for it" I reiterated. "My mistake." he replied, pulling me closer as his hands tightened around my waist. There was no space between us and as my chest met his, I could feel my nipples harden against him. I could tell when felt them, because he slightly rubbed his chest against mine and growled. With his next statement, I knew I'd won. "What shall I get you for your birthday then? You only have to ask and it's yours". "I want to put this bed to use… I want us to make love." I replied, and tightened my arms around his neck. His passionate kiss engulfed me and I knew I'd never want to be in anyone else's arms for the rest of my life. His kisses, his touch, his body, his soul… he was giving them all to me and I was giving of myself to him. The next morning, we were received with some snickers and jibes from Emmett, as well as not-so-secret smiles from the rest of the family. Luckily, Esme put an end to my suffering. Unfortunately, she did that by declaring it was Presents Time during brunch. I got beautiful stud earrings from Alice and Jasper. Emmett handed me a box and a jibe about being a cougar, because I was officially a year older than Edward. The box was empty, because it turned out the new car stereo had already been installed in my truck. I thanked him, and he told me Rosalie had been the one to install it. Surprised, I thanked her too. She didn't smile per say, but she nodded without malice. I'd take it, I decided with a smile. Next, Esme handed me an envelope. Curiously, I slid my finger under the flap to open it. OUCH, dammit, paper cut – were the thoughts that ran through my head. Before I even registered that my finger was bleeding, I was startled by a loud menacing growl and I felt myself being pushed into something hard and I fell to the ground. I heard shattering glass falling around me and looked around to see I'd crashed into Esme's beautiful vases. I felt a painful sting and looked down to find a large piece of glass sticking out of my skin near my inner elbow, while blood was pouring down my forearm. I was feeling somewhat dazed at the sight of my blood, then the next thing I became aware of was loud thundering and crashing sounds going on around me and I looked up from my arm and it finally hit me. I'm heavily bleeding in a house full of now ravenous vampires! - that thought paralyzed me. Carlisle was almost instantly at my side, making me gasp at his speed and momentarily fear he'd hurt me, but he was holding a towel to my arm and trying to stop the bleeding. Rosalie was trying to hold Edward from hurting Jasper, who was being pulled tightly from behind by Emmett. Alice was standing between them, trying to calm Jasper and pushing him into Emmett's hold. Esme had a look of pure torture watching her children, while holding the kitchen door open, trying to let in some fresh air and urging Emmett to pull Jasper outside. I realized that while I couldn't be sure with all the noise, but it seemed like they were having some kind of conversation but I couldn't make out anything. I looked back into Carlisle's face and saw a defeated look upon him and I asked if Jasper was going to be alright. He smiled sadly at me and replied, "I think we're all more worried about you, right now". He didn't say any more as everyone made their way outside and he worked to clean and sew the cut on my arm. Knowing I was in the best medical care, did very little to help diminish the new dread that started taking root inside me. I couldn't be sure why, but the feeling that this wouldn't just blow over, was very prominent. I just had to wait it out and hope things got back to a happy normal soon enough. Had I ever been more right about a bad feeling, and yet so wrong to hope for normal?! * End memory * Eventually, I began to come out of whatever mind-warp his leaving sent me into. I started to notice things around me. Judging by the cold but rough dryness on my cheeks, the seemingly endless tears I'd been crying, finally dried or frozen on my face. If I had any energy, I'd roll my eyes at the thought of what I must look like. I couldn't be sure how long I'd been there but my body felt so numb. Not that cared much about that or anything else right then, but I didn't know if the numbness was from lying in the same position for so long or from the now very noticeably cold weather, because I was also trembling. I probably should have been doing or thinking of some way to get back home, but I just couldn't make myself. The only thing going through my mind, as if on a loop was, ' He left me. He didn't want me. I'm not good enough for him. He's gone' . x-x-x-x-x Chapter 1: LOST & FOUND Bella POV x-x-x-x-x Eventually, something other than the thoughts of him leaving, caught my attention. Aside from my shallow breathing, I began to hear crunching leaves and twigs snapping and I felt myself go rigid. I found myself both, hopeful that maybe he'd returned for me, and scared that he had not. Then something clicked and I began to fear that I might get attacked by some wild animal, especially because the ruffling noises were accompanied by a loud howl, which didn't sound too far away. I blinked open my eyes to look around but I couldn't see anything in all the darkness. Next, I thought how I'd probably die out here alone and I thought of Charlie. My poor father might not ever even find my body, and all because he- he- he left me.. . That train of thought clouded my mind again and my eyes fell closed again for a while. Oddly, the next thing I became aware of, was movement. It didn't feel as if I were walking, per se, more like I was being carried. Judging by the speed I felt the wind hitting me, we must be moving pretty fast... very fast, my mind clarified. I slowly opened my eyes and I noticed two things. The first was that I was, in fact, being carried away somewhere. Secondly, I noticed that it was by someone I'd never met. Ordinarily, I might have been extremely embarrassed about either of those facts. Strangely enough, as I tried to process what was happening, I came about two additional realizations. One, I was grateful to not still be laying on the cold forest floor alone and about to be killed by some wild animal. And two, I actually and weirdly, felt safe with this stranger. If for no other reason, the fact that he found me and got me away from whatever creature might have attacked me, I felt safe and grateful. I looked at the face of my rescuer and noticed he seemed so serious and worried, for someone so