Disclaimer : The Harry Potter universe and characters belongs to J.K. Rowling, unfortunately not me. Summary: Albus and Scorpius make an announcement that causes their fathers to rethink their secret relationship. Epilogue compliant. HP/DM, AP/SM A/N: This story didn't turn out quite how I planned, but that's nothing new. Let me know what you think! I have a couple other one-shots in the works, and an idea for another longer, multi-chapter story. Stay tuned! Like Father, Like Son Harry Potter lay sprawled on his bed, his hands behind his head and a sheet pulled across his waist, as he watched his blond lover pull up his trousers, admiring the way the muscles in his back tensed as he moved. Draco Malfoy, Harry's childhood nemesis, turned to smirk at Harry. "Enjoying the view?" he asked playfully. Harry nodded enthusiastically. "Yes, sir," he replied with a wink. Draco shook his head in amusement. "Have you seen my shirt?" he inquired, looking around the room. "Maybe I have, maybe I haven't," Harry teased, his eyes sparkling. "But if I tell you where it is, you'll put it on and leave me here all alone." Draco rolled his eyes. "Stop pouting, it's not as if you'll never see me again. I'm here at least 3 nights a week and have been for the past 2 months," he reminded him lightly, as he bent down to give Harry a kiss. Harry wrapped his arms around the other man's neck to deepen the kiss and prevent him from leaving. Draco smiled slightly into the kiss but didn't pull away until there was the tapping of an owl beak on the window. "You wouldn't want to get that for me, would you?" Harry requested innocently, his eyes wide and pleading. "Lazy tosser," Draco muttered with a smile but went to let the owl in nonetheless. "There's two of them." Draco took the letters from both birds and gave them both a treat before sending them on their way. He looked at the notes and chuckled softly. "What's so funny?" Harry asked. "One of them is for me," Draco answered with a smile, handing one of the letters to Harry. "Looks like I spend too much time here. Must be time to move on to the next man." Harry looked up from his letter and cocked one eyebrow. "I'm too good in bed for you to even consider leaving me," he teased haughtily, his outward appearance not betraying his inward uncertainty. Somehow, Draco seemed to pick up on it anyway. "I don't know about all that, but I do know I plan on sticking around as long as you'll have me," Draco informed him with a smile, sitting in bed next to Harry and throwing an arm around his shoulders. Harry couldn't help the smile that formed on his face. He leaned in gave his boyfriend a quick kiss. "I can live with that," he responded cheerfully. "Who's the letter from?" "Scorpius. He wants to know if I'll meet him in Hogsmeade tomorrow. There's something he wants to talk to me about," Draco answered. "Huh," Harry replied thoughtfully. "That's exactly what Albus wrote to me too." "Interesting, I wonder what's going on. Do you think they know about us?" Draco wondered aloud. Harry tilted his head in thought. "I don't think so," he started slowly. "But if that's not what it's about, maybe it would be a good time to tell them…" he trailed off, his voice lifting in question. "Yeah, I think you're right. After they tell us whatever they have to say, we can meet up and tell them together," Draco suggested. "I really should be going now though." Harry sighed dramatically but nodded and pulled his shirt out from under the pillow where Harry had hidden it. He tossed it to Draco who pulled it over his head in one graceful motion. "I'll see you tomorrow." Draco kissed him once more before Disapparating with a crack. Harry flopped back onto his bed with a goofy grin. He couldn't believe how well things were going. He and Draco had been dating a little over three months at this point after having run into each other at a pub and getting into a small altercation that turned into some of the best sex of Harry's life. Draco had made a snarky comment about him finally being free of the Weasleys after his divorce from Ginny, and Harry had shot back with a quip about Draco's very public, nasty divorce from Astoria. The situation had escalated until they had come to blows which had gotten them kicked out of the pub. Had Harry been a little more sober, he would have just walked away from the situation, but he hadn't been so he had dragged Draco into the alley next the bar and pushed him against the wall of it. He had intended to threaten him, scare him a little, but somehow they had ended up snogging passionately, Harry's leg wedged between Draco's. Harry had then Apparated them into his bedroom to finish what they had started. The next morning, Draco had still been there and much to Harry's surprise apologized not only for the night before but for everything he'd done in school as well. Harry had accepted his apology and added one of his own. He had then invited Draco to stay for breakfast, and the rest was history. Since that day, Harry and Draco had been spending a lot of time together, and had used a fair amount of it working through some of their past. They had both come to the conclusion that perhaps some of their fighting in school had been caused by unresolved sexual tension that was buried deep, deep down. After their respective divorces, however, there was no reason to keep the feelings buried any longer. Harry smiled to himself at the memory and pulled himself out of bed to get dressed. He would pen a response to Albus after and then start his day. The next day, Harry Apparated to Hogsmeade, somewhat apprehensive about talking to his son about his relationship with Draco. He was to meet Al in 5 minutes at the Three Broomsticks. Draco had decided it was best that they not arrive together, despite the fact that Harry had convinced him to come back the night before and stay over. He had left a half an hour earlier and went home to change. He was also meeting Scorpius at the pub, which made it easier for them to coordinate getting together after their respective sons spoke to them separately. As Harry made his way into the establishment that he had spent many a happy weekend in in his youth, he scanned the room for his son. He paused when he finally spotted him sitting at a table with Scorpius and Draco. He hesitated for a moment, trying to figure out how he was supposed to sit through a conversation with his son and act normal with Draco sitting right next to him. He took a steadying breath and made his way over to the table. He wrapped his arm around his son in greeting. "Hey, Al." "Be nice," Al hissed under his breath as he returned his father's hug. "Hi, Dad," he greeted louder. Harry was confused at his son's reaction until he realized that his hesitation on the way to the table must have been interpreted as revulsion at seeing Draco. "Scorpius, Draco," he began cheerfully to put his son at ease. "I didn't realize that we'd have company." He slowly sank into the seat next to Draco's and bit back a smile as the other man squeezed his thigh briefly under the table. "Potter, nice to see you," Draco returned coolly, a smirk on his face, his eyes twinkling. "Sorry, I didn't tell you ahead of time. We weren't sure either of you would show up if we did," Al explained sheepishly. Harry felt the corner of his mouth twitch in amusement. "I understand. So what is it that you wanted to talk about?" he asked curiously. He watched in amusement as both Al and Scorpius tensed in apprehension. "Why don't we get drinks first?" Scorpius suggested a little overenthusiastically. "Great idea, Scorp!" Al agreed with a smile. "Dad, can you get us 4 butterbeers and 2 double firewhiskys on the rocks?" Harry's eyes widened in surprise. "You may be almost of age, but I am not buying you hard alcohol," he reprimanded. Al rolled his eyes. "The firewhisky is for you and Mr. Malfoy. Trust me, you'll probably need it." Harry surreptitiously glanced at Draco out of the corner of his eye, slightly worried about what it was their sons had brought them there to discuss. "I don't think that'll be necessary, but alright. I'll be back." "Let me lend you a hand, Potter," Draco drawled as he stood up to follow Harry to the bar. As the pair waited for their drinks, Harry whispered to his companion urgently, "What do you think they want to talk to us about?" Draco shrugged. "I have no idea, but it can't be good if they're trying to get us drunk," he responded. "I guess we'll just have to wait for them to tell us. It might take awhile. They're both so bloody tense." Harry chuckled in agreement just as the drinks were set down in front of them. "Cheers, gorgeous," he murmured, clinking his glass of firewhisky against Draco's and taking a sip. Draco flashed him a smile before turning and levitating their drinks back to the table. Silence descended over the group as they settled in and began drinking their beverages. It was a slightly uncomfortable silence, but Harry didn't want to rush the boys by attempting to break it with mindless small talk. "So, Scorpius," Draco did that for him. "How is school going?" This seemed to break the tension, and the group spent the next 20 minutes draining their drinks and chatting amicably. When a second round had been ordered and a silence developed once again, Al cleared his throat cautiously. "So the reason we invited you both here," he muttered, staring at the table. "Oh honestly, Albus," Harry reprimanded good-naturedly. "What could possibly be so horrible that you won't even look at me? You haven't been expelled, have you? Or arrested?" Al's head snapped up so that he could look at his father. "No! Nothing like that!" he asserted quickly. Harry gave him a gentle smile. "See, nothing to worry about then!" he responded, trying to be supportive while inwardly panicking slightly. He had never seen his son quite so apprehensive to tell him something before. Al took a deep breath to steady himself before announcing bluntly, "Scorpius and I are dating, and we have been for the past year." Silence descended on the table as the statement began to sink in. All of the blood felt as though it had left Harry's face, although not for the reason his son assumed. He glanced at Draco out of the corner of his eye and was unsurprised that the man looked even paler than usual. Harry forced what he hoped was a convincing smile. "Well I think that's great!" he exclaimed cheerfully. "No reason to be so bloody nervous." Al gave his father a bright smile. "Thanks, Dad! I just wasn't sure how you'd react what with your history with Mr. Malfoy," he admitted sheepishly. "Well, actually, your father and I had something we wanted to tell you as well," Draco cut in. Harry stopped him by grabbing his thigh under the table frantically and giving him a wide eyed look. Draco looked confused for a moment but recovered well. "We have taken some time to work out our differences. I agree with Potter, I think it's wonderful. It certainly explains why you've been so happy these days." The last comment was directed at his son who beamed but flushed. Following the confession