Get a Room Disclaimer: The Harry Potter universe and characters belongs to J.K. Rowling, unfortunately not me. Summary: One innocent comment from a classmate during one of the infamous Potter-Malfoy fights leaves both boys reeling and contemplating whether there is more to their relationship than meets the eye. HP/DM, 8th Year Fic. A/N: Rated M for dirty dreams and some frotting. This didn't flow as well as I thought it would, but I like how it turned out! Let me know what you think. It was business as usual at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry on one sunny afternoon in October 1998. The war was over; Voldemort was dead. Those who had missed out on actually learning anything the year before had returned to continue their education. The Ravenclaws were studying, the Hufflepuffs were sneaking food from the kitchens in between meals, and Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy were locked in a heated argument in the corridor. Business as usual. "Watch where you're going, Malfoy, " Harry snarled after Malfoy slammed into his shoulder, Blaise Zabini and Pansy Parkinson in tow. "Well excuse me for using your corridor, Saint Potter," Draco snapped back mockingly. "Shall I stop breathing your air as well?" Harry growled in response. "After all the trouble I went through to save your arse, why the bloody hell would I want you to stop breathing?" Harry taunted. Draco's eyes narrowed, and he sneered at the dark-haired man in front of him. Harry knew he had gone too far, but he hadn't been able to stop himself. There was just something about Malfoy that immediately infuriated him. Before Harry could follow that train of thought any further, he found himself being tackled to the ground by a very angry blond. Harry squirmed underneath him and bucked his hips in an attempt to get free, but Malfoy wasn't budging. Harry's hands were pinned above his head, and Malfoy was sitting on his legs, holding them down as well. "Get the fuck off of me, Malfoy," he spat. He couldn't seem to get himself free so he did the only thing he could think of. He turned his head and sunk his teeth into Malfoy's wrist. Draco yelped in surprise and pain. Had Potter seriously just bitten him? Of all the childish things , he scoffed to himself. "What the fuck, Potter?" he yelled. Potter used his moment of surprise to push Draco off of him. He swung his fist at Draco's face, but Draco was able to dodge the punch at the last moment. Draco grabbed onto Potter's shoulders in an attempt to wrestle him to the ground, but Potter wasn't going down without a fight. His hands were locked on Draco's shoulders as well. There were no words left to say as the pair pushed each other around. Eventually, Harry got the slight upper hand and forced them down to the ground. They continued to roll around, fighting for dominance. "Didn't your parents ever teach you it's not polite to bite people? Oh wait…" Draco sneered. If Potter was going to be childish so would he. The flash of anger that Harry felt was followed by a surge of adrenaline that he used to finally pin Malfoy underneath him. He leaned in threateningly as the blond beneath him glared and attempted to free himself. "I would watch it if I were you-" Harry's threat was cut off by a shout from the crowd that had gathered sometime during their altercation, "For Merlin's sake, get a room already!" In the span of one second, Harry became acutely aware of just how close he was pressed to Malfoy while simultaneously pushing himself off of his nemesis and springing to his feet. Malfoy also stood up the minute that Harry let him go. They shared one last scathing glare before turning on their heels and walking down the corridor in opposite directions, unknowingly sharing the same baffling thought. Why the bloody hell am I blushing? If Harry managed to not see Malfoy for the rest of the day well then that was simply a happy coincidence. He certainly wasn't avoiding him, what would be the purpose of that? And if his mind kept replaying their earlier encounter, it was obviously because the comment that had ended the altercation was pure rubbish. Right? What other reason could there possibly be? His mind continued along this line of thought as he absentmindedly ate dinner, situated comfortably between Ron and Seamus, directly across the table from Hermione. He was vaguely aware that his dinner companions were talking, but he was too distracted to actually process what they were saying. That was until he felt a sharp to his shin. He snapped his head up to glare at his friend. "What was that for, Hermione?" he whined. Hermione rolled her eyes in exasperation. "That could not have hurt that badly, and I wouldn't have had to do it if you had been paying attention," she said matter-of-factly. Harry gave her an apologetic look. "Sorry, what were you saying?" "I heard that you got into another fight with Malfoy," she repeated with a stern look. Harry could feel the heat rising to his cheeks once again, and he couldn't for the life of him pinpoint why. Hermione narrowed her eyes in suspicion but didn't comment on it. "You should really be trying to get along better, Harry. The war is over! It's time to move on!" Harry sighed. "I know, but there's just something about him that makes me a complete nutter." "You should at least attempt to be civil," she suggested. Harry mumbled his agreement as he went back to eating. He saw Ron open his mouth to begin speaking out of the corner of his eye, likely to rant about how Malfoy was a git and they shouldn't have to try and get along with him, but one quelling glare from Hermione made him snap his mouth shut. The trio finished their meal in relative silence, Harry's thoughts drifting back to his fight with Malfoy without his permission. Meanwhile, back in his private room that each "8th Year" was entitled to, Draco sat at his desk attempting to do homework and ignore his rumbling stomach to no avail. He had elected to skip dinner that evening to avoid any more run-ins with Potter and was beginning to regret it. Not only was he starving, but he also was getting absolutely nothing done. He had been staring at his Potions essay for the past hour, but every few minutes his mind would drift back to his altercation with his raven haired nemesis. He felt his heat up once again at the memory...in anger? Embarrassment? Something else? He couldn't be sure. He just knew it was bloody annoying. If he wasn't going to get anything done anyway, he may as well go to bed. Draco slammed his Potions book shut with a sigh of frustration and began his bedtime ritual of washing up and changing into pyjamas. He cleared his head of all thoughts of the Boy Who Lived Twice and slid under the covers. He groaned in dismay the moment his eyes closed and the inside of his eyelids were flooded with images of Potter pressing him into the floor, his face just inches from Draco's own, eyes flashing with anger. Draco's eyes flew open when he became aware of the fact that the blood that had been rushing to his face all day was rushing in a decidedly southern direction. Draco shifted in an attempt to get comfortable and hissed in surprise as it caused the fabric of his pants to tighten which only exacerbated his problem. Damn hormones, now is not the time. It certainly has nothing to do with Potter. Simply an unfortunate coincidence. He pressed the heel of his hand against his groin in an attempt to quell his burgeoning erection while thinking the most unsexy thoughts he could think of. Moaning Myrtle and Flitwick shagging. Hagrid dancing naked with a hippogriff. He shuddered in disgust but was pleased to see it was working. Potter and Weasley snogging. He felt his pants tighten once again. What the bloody hell? There was nothing arousing about Potter and Weasley together. Draco and Potter, however, would be a different story. Draco's hand unconsciously slid down his bare torso and underneath the waistband of his pants. Before he fully registered what was happening, he began to stroke his now fully erect member. Potter sucking on his pulse point. He tightened his hold on his erection. Potter tracing his way down Draco's chest with his tongue. Draco traced his thumb over his slit to gather some precum to use as lube. Potter's tongue continuing down Draco's thigh before moving to lick and suck on his balls. Draco bit his lip and moved his other hand down to gently fondle his sac. Potter slowly taking Draco's dick into his mouth. He bit his lip harder to keep in a moan. He picked up the pace even more and twisted his wrist as his hand moved over the head of his throbbing erection. Potter taking his entire length and sliding it all the way down his throat. With that, Draco arched off the bed and his mouth fell open in a silent scream as he came all over his hand and abdomen. He reached for his wand with his free hand to magic away the mess. He was on the edge of sleep when it finally sunk in that he had just had one of the best wanks of his life while thinking about Potter sucking his cock. That was all it took to keep Draco up all night, desperately searching for an explanation for what had happened. He looked at it every possible way but couldn't make sense of it. It wasn't until he began hearing the first early morning stirrings of his dorm mates that he could finally admit to himself the only logical conclusion: sometime in the last several years Draco had gone from wanting to fuck with Potter to just wanting to fuck him. It had been several days since the altercation with Malfoy, and Harry had gone from actively avoiding him (while pretending not to be, naturally) to itching for a fight. And not just any fight. No, a verbal altercation or even a duel wouldn't do. Harry couldn't explain it, but he had an almost all-consuming desire to press Malfoy into any available hard surface and make him submit. Unfortunately for Harry, Malfoy was very obviously ignoring him. The second he saw Harry, he would abruptly turn around and walk the other way. In the classes they had together, which was most of them, he would arrive right before the class was set to begin and leave the second the professor dismissed class. And it was starting to piss Harry off. "What is wrong with you?" Hermione hissed with a sharp elbow to his side in the middle of Transfiguration. Harry snapped his head around to look at her. "Nothing," he snapped quietly. "Then why are you trying to melt the back of Malfoy's head with your eyes?" she whispered back disapprovingly. "He's been avoiding me. He must be up to something." Hermione rolled her eyes in exasperation. "Honestly, Harry, he's probably just trying to avoid another fight. It's time to grow up and move on." Harry huffed but didn't otherwise respond. Hermione didn't know what she was talking about. If Harry had learned anything over the past several years, it was how to read Malfoy. And he could tell that his blond nemesis was hiding something. It was just a matter of figuring out what it was. Today, when class was dismissed, he would be prepared. He was going to confront the other boy and get to the bottom of his odd behavior. The minute that Professor Stein, McGonagall's replacement after she had taken over the role of Headmistress, dismissed