Regulus has never been enough. From the first breath he breathed he was never enough. The label of second son might has well have been stitched into the blanket the nurse had swaddled him in. It followed him from the hospital to the house to the school to the water where his body ended up resting for eternity. An invisible brand that burned under his skin and was left there to eat away at his soul. A constant reminder of where he stood in the world. The second son, the second loved. The first son, the first loved, grew to have his own marks to bear. Blood traitor eventually seared its nasty title into his brain. But before that title they were brothers. Sirius and Regulus, two stars to rule the skies. Sneaking out under the cloak of darkness, finding a home on the roof and spreading out a map of the stars with the clumsy, fat fingers of children too young to know anything of marks and titles. And the elder pointed at the stars and galaxies, showing the younger where exactly they and the rest of their family stood in the vast universe. Sirius and Regulus, two of the brightest stars, stood out against the blackness. The house they sat upon was too big for children. Too empty and too vast, full of corridors to wander down and dark corners for monsters to hide. Sometimes monsters did hide. But Sirius always saved Regulus from them, no matter how real or how make believe they were. Regulus never got to play the hero, it was a silently agreed upon decision. Sirius was the hero and Regulus was whatever his brother needed him to be. It was a rule and rules must always be followed. The Black family home had a lot of rules. No talking out of turn. No running in the halls. No bothering Father when he was in his study. No entering the kitchen. Each rule was followed by the brothers, for they knew of the consequences should they not. It seemed as though new rules were added all the time, without their knowledge and time to adjust. The punishments for not following these new, unheard of rules were still the same, however. This must be how rules worked, it was the only logical assumption in the young Regulus' mind. And the boys grew. Sirius grew more loud and more tall. Regulus grew more quiet and barely any more tall. And one day a letter arrived. Letters always arrived at Number 12 Grimmauld Place, but this one was special. This one had a special red seal and special green ink, Regulus knew they were special. He had read about such letters before. And this one was addressed to his brother. He knew what this letter meant. Yet as his mother read it aloud, happier than he had ever heard her, he did not feel happy. He felt sad. Because even though this letter meant a great many things, the most important thing it meant to Regulus was that he was going to be alone. All alone. He did not show this sadness, however, but instead smiled happily as only a Black can do. A false grin that he would wear many times to come. Too many times. He tugged Sirius down at the station, making him promise for the eleventh time that morning to write. And Sirius did just that, he promised. And then he left. And then The News came. Regulus did not fully understand The News, but he knew that his mother and father were not pleased by this. He knew what the The News meant, even though his mother had thrown it into the fire before he got a chance to read it. Sirius was a Gryffindor. Regulus knew what a Gryffindor was, he had read about them in his books. A Gryffindor was brave, noble, and chivalrous. Sirius, albeit loud, was all of those things. Regulus could not figure out the problem, yet there must have been one because Mother and Father were angry. Angrier than when he and Sirius had slid down the bannister and nearly broken a priceless vase. Mother was red in the face and screaming and flailing her arms. This flailing was what Regulus figured caused him to be struck across the face. That is what he told himself, although his logic told him differently. The boy ran to his room and covered his ears to escape the screaming and crashing. The house elf, Kreacher he remembered because Regulus remembers everything, came and put something cold on his cheek. Regulus thanked him for this, because saying thank you was polite and Blacks were polite. He decided to think out loud to Kreacher, asking him to listen. His logic worked best when spoken aloud. Regulus did not see anything wrong with being a Gryffindor, but he could see that there was something wrong with Sirius being a Gryffindor. He knew how one became a Gryffindor and deduced that it couldn't have been his brother's fault. So although this was a problem, Sirius was not to blame. He smiled as he decided this and drifted off to sleep. Sirius was not to blame. The red envelope he saw his mother send off with an owl the next day, he recognized it from his books, suggested otherwise. As his parents' anger ebbed away and settled at a constant frustration, Regulus was alone. All alone, in the too big, too empty house not meant for children and certainly not meant for one alone. There was no Sirius to play hero, so Regulus had to break the unspoken rule and play the hero instead. He braved the dark passageways and stared down the monsters under the dusty beds as neither brother had ever done. For neither of them had been alone like Regulus had. At least he had Kreacher, the house elf who Regulus had begun to drag along with him across the too big, too empty house. A small part of him wanted Sirius to be alone as well, but he was not. Sirius kept his promise of writing. He sent letters filled with stories of school and the castle. Of a giant squid in the lake (Regulus had read about those in a book) and a giant in a hut (Regulus had read of those too). Of his classes and his teachers, the homework he had and the magic he was learning. And of people. A James Potter (Regulus had read of his family), a Remus Lupin (Regulus had not read of his family), and a Peter Pettigrew (Regulus hadn't even heard of his family). His letters spoke of adventures with these three new people and soon that's all the letters were filled with. Regulus's letters back were full of his tales of the too big, too empty house, Kreacher, and the books that he read. Then the letters got shorter, and shorter. And less frequent. And then there were no letters. So Regulus stopped sending letters back. Because one cannot send letters back when one receives none. And then Sirius didn't come home for Christmas. And subsequently missed Regulus' birthday. He turned ten. And Sirius didn't come home for Easter. And Mother and Father grew angrier and angrier. And Regulus grew more and more alone. Then summer rolled around. Regulus soon learned that his parents were still very much angry about The News. They still hadn't grasped the idea that Sirius was not to blame. Regulus was too scared to correct them. He also learned that they did not know of James Potter, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew. Or, as they called them, the Blood Traitor, Half-Blood, and Bumbling Idiot. Regulus did not find these new names very polite, and Blacks were always polite, but he did not comment on it. He supposed that some rules could be broken, as long as no one knew you broke them. Sirius stayed in his room most of the summer, he wrote to his friends and even snuck out to see them. Regulus didn't think Mother and Father noticed he was gone. Then again, they never called for Regulus when he stayed in the library all day. The summer was quiet and dull and then Sirius left again. And Regulus was all alone in the too big, too empty house. Again. The next year was the same as the first. Except there were no letters this time. Regulus turned eleven without his brother. And that following summer was even quieter than the first. Sirius seemed angrier too, at Mother and Father and Regulus. Regulus understood the anger towards their parents, they still didn't understand how Sirius was not to blame for The News, but he did not see what he himself had done wrong. He must have though, for Sirius was angry and anger has to have a source. Regulus is told by the old man that the beech wood of his wand means he is wise beyond his years. Regulus does not believe this to be true, but thanks him all the same. Because that is polite. Sirius leaves him standing in the train corridor without so much as a goodbye. Goodbyes are polite. Regulus does not tell his brother's retreating form this. So Regulus sits by himself, but is soon joined by a nice girl with blond hair who has read one of the books he has read. The lake is very big and so is the giant squid. Books do not do those creatures justice, Regulus decides. The blond girl agrees. The Sorting Hat sings and Regulus thinks it has a nice voice, but that doesn't calm his nerves. He knows this hat was the cause, not the fault but the cause, of The News. He wishes the blond girl good luck after she wishes him the same as his name is called. This is the last he ever speaks to her, but neither of them know it then. You never know that the last of something has happened when it does. Regulus can see Sirius in the sea of black robes and round faces. He looks anxious as well. This observation does not help Regulus. The hat is placed on his head and the nice voice speaks to him. It tells him that he is smart (Regulus still doesn't believe it) and hard working. That he is insecure and quiet, but his mind is always racing. That he is not very brave, but he is very determined. To prove himself and to make Mother and Father proud of his academic achievements. Regulus supposes this is true. He does not tell the hat where he wants to go. He does not think of what his parents want. He does not think of which table Sirius is sitting at and what colors adorn his clothes. Regulus does not think of where he wishes to sit and what colors he wishes to wear. Because he does not wish for a certain House. He just sits and listens as the nice voice yells out that he is a Slytherin. Regulus thinks that this is a good fit. A Slytherin is cunning, resourceful, and determined. Albeit quiet, he is all of those things. A Slytherin. It was not a bad thing to be. The process by which one becomes a Slytherin did not make this Regulus' fault. He was not to blame. The disappointed and borderline disgusted expression on Sirius' face suggested otherwise. Regulus did not see a problem with being a Slytherin, but apparently there was a problem with him being a Slytherin. He was not blame, his logic told him. Sirius blames me, it's all my fault, he told himself. The blond girl is a Ravenclaw. No one is disappointed or disgusted by this. Regulus does not understand. He and Sirius don't speak much after this. Regulus goes home for the holidays, Sirius does not. Regulus is alone when he turns twelve. This