Addabellia stepped quickly through the portal to the main room, her full, elaborate skirts held in her hands. She paused, her steps faltering, when she recognized the man. Ellrohir had done simply as his grandfather had commanded-he'd told the young woman that they'd a visitor and asked if she could join them. Visitors weren't frequent occurrences, and all but strangers were welcome. She'd not asked who or what, she'd simply brushed off her skirts and done as bidden. Much to her detriment. "You've led me a merry chase," Faramir said flatly, still removing his travel garb. He slapped the glove he pulled off against his palm, then handed both to the waiting elf. Addabellia's chin came up. "You needn't have bothered," she began. "I think I did." He strode to her, his face set and angry. "Someday you're going to react without thinking and someone's going to get hurt from it-and I don't mean your foolish, stubborn pride!" he snarled, taking her chin between his fingers. "You couldn't wait one more minute? Heard one more sentence?" "You made your point-clearly and irrefutably-my Lord." She jerked away, spinning to look out the window. "You heard only one thing and without further discussion you decided you understood what you'd heard. And you fled." "I left. I am free to do so." He nodded, aware of the renewed presence of her elven brethren in the room. The child running into the room distracted them both. "Papa!" he called, the dark-haired angel. He looked very much like Adda's young cousin with his shiny curls dancing almost to his shoulders. With such a golden father and such a fair mother it was a wonder that the darker genes of his forebears had been allowed to play dominant. He looked as if he belonged here, with this race of people. "I missed you!" Faramir called, ducking to pick him up, swirling the child as he hugged him tightly to his own body. "Oh, I missed you," he said again, growling the words against the child's soft neck. Rahgi giggled, clutching the man, but already looking at the woman who had worshipped him since his very first breath. "She gave him to me," Adda said softly, stepping to take the boy when he gestured for her. "I had every right-" Faramir cut her off. "I did not question your right to take him. I hope that he's brought you comfort. I know that he would have been disconsolate without you all these months." Rahgi didn't bother to listen to the adults. His mind had already wandered elsewhere and he was studying the play of sunlight on the dust motes beaming from the high windows. Adda pretended not to listen as well. She stepped to the low sideboard and poured water from clear crystal into a wrought metal cup. This she handed the little boy before gesturing with the pitcher toward the man. "Yes, please. It's been a long journey. Four months I've chased you, Addabellia." "Your brother made better time when he sought Lord Elrond." "My brother didn't have to backtrack quite so often I'd guess." She smiled smugly. She'd hidden her trail well. She'd not wanted company at first and had ridden along rocky mountain tops and through flowing streams before enlisting the aid of the trees of Fanghorn. "I needed a retreat. I would never have left without saying goodbye." "No, no, your initial destination was the first of many blows," he agreed, accepting the crystal goblet before reclining in an elaborately carven chair. His son came to sit on his knee, Adda giving him over with no qualms. Faramir indulged in sniffing the boy's hair. Whatever concoction Adda used on the children, the scent always reminded him of home. Of comfort and rest and peace. "I thought you'd have ridden to Galadriel's people. You used to travel there often. I made Lothlorien in two days to find an empty hall and no sign of you. No sign of anyone in quite some time-it was overgrown. I wasted several hours hacking my way in, searching bower and nook and hall for you. Only to return home and find that the reason I'd found no trail was because you'd taken the travelled road." She shrugged. "I didn't ask you to follow me." Faramir's eyes flashed and his tone went sharp again. "The hell you didn't! You'd take a lash for me, but you wouldn't think that I'd follow when you ran from me?" "The point seems moot, sir. You'd made your feelings quite clear. I needed some distance for my own peace. What right had you to expect me to beg permission of you , my lord?" Rahgi sat up and frowned. Adda shut her eyes, regretting the sharp words that had disturbed the child. "Go find Wrenham, little one. See if he has any bark that we might use to make boats," she told him. "I need a few minutes of your father's time, then we'll play with you. Yes?" Raghi's smile bloomed again. He nodded. "Yes, Adda. Yes, Papa." The little boy squeezed the man's hand where it rested on the chair's arm before running out of the room. "He does everything at a run," Faramir observed. She nodded. "Do you worry that he'll hurt himself in these stone halls or fall from a balcony?" She arched a brow and shook her head. "These halls are of no harder stone than those that he's grown up in. And I daresay the healers are superior." "I meant no insult. I referred to our homes in general. As opposed to a crofter's hut where the beds are scented of hay and the floor is soft dirt and a play yard is no farther than the nearest vegetable patch." "A pretty picture," she agreed, turning away from him again. "Fat, happy babies clutching at their mother's skirts before being bathed and put to bed. A family of love, if not monetary wealth." "You've always had both, Adda," Faramir chided. He knew her legacy. If Aragorn's half-sister had been orphaned early then at least she'd had her father's people to raise her. She nodded. "I was blessed. Your children know both as well. They don't lack." "They miss you. More so perhaps than they missed their own mother." She nodded. "They will adapt. I cannot go back, Faramir." "I'm going to ask you to reconsider that position." "Not yet," she told him, turning to leave. He reached out, catching her wrist. She never wore such elaborate gowns when she travelled to his home. Rarely wore them in her home. It was here, in the halls of her elvish bloodline, that the lush materials and draping designs seemed right on her. The gowns made her appear much more lush and womanly. He approved. "I have to go back soon," he ground out. " Months I've left my people while I tracked you from land to land. A woman all alone with a small child and a good mount. Would this really seem so damned hard to notice? Any woman but you and tongues would have been loosened. I saw the moments of doubt in their eyes, Addabellia. You asked them not to speak of seeing you, but didn't tell them who would be seeking. They didn't expect me." "Of course they didn't expect you, Faramir." Her eyes stayed locked on his hand on her arm. " I didn't expect you. I needed time. Distance. And the water and the grass and the wind before I needed my trees. My heart-sister understood that when I went to her. Just as she knew that it would frustrate my brother. It was his minions I expected." "Have you written to them?" he asked. She nodded. "Of course. And I've sent missives for Arwen to give the other children." "My children or hers?" "Both," she smiled up at him. "You should have gone home. Your worry would have become foundless." " And my heart ?" he ground out. "You sought my brother's forgiveness and you found it. Would have found his understanding even without punishment," she accused, remembering the gasps and tightness of his body as he'd wrapped it around her lest she feel the sting of the lash. "What purpose did your self-flagellation have if not to rid you of your misery?" Faramir brought his free hand up to her cheek. "One more sentence, Addabellia. One more before you'd run from that room. Even with the kingsfoot a man takes time to heal. I could hardly chase you down that very moment-especially when there were private words that should have been spoken between us." Tears burned her eyes. "You could have spoken them! You had time before my brother arrived!" she hissed. She jerked against him, her hand coming up to clutch at his. The tears fell in earnest now. "I didn't want anything from you. I asked for nothing! And you went to him ! You were ashamed !" "I'd taken another man's sister to my bed, Addabellia!" Faramir cried. His hands caught hers again and he drew her up sharply. "A friend , Adda! A friend's child-sister ! Without words of love or fidelity or even permission from him to court her I'd bedded her. And, by all the gods, I was half drunk when I did. Yes! Yes, I have guilt! It is right that I do so. You will not twist that!" " You are the one who told him! You went to him instead of me ! Do you know how I felt when you were announced? Then to hear his man call for the whip! Damn you, Faramir!" "I needed to lance the bad so that I could move on. No-I didn't expect that, didn't ask for it. I sought to confess my sins so that I could begin to make them right." "He wouldn't suggest-" "He didn't," the man spat. "He asked me what would have been done under my father-if one of our men had behaved thusly with the daughter of a friend and ally. I told him that my father was fond of lashing. But that not even the ten strikes he commonly pronounced would make up for what I'd done. Not ten times that, not a hundred times that. He sent for the whip I think more out of humor." "He was angry." Faramir snorted out a laugh. "His sister was newly come of age when she found herself in love with a married man, a man twice her age. Then, just a few years later, that man confesses that he had robbed her of her innocence in a vile and unthinking way. Hell, yes, Adda. Yes, he was angry. Betrayed." "By both of us. He's never seen me as more than a willful child." Faramir still held her arms trapped against his chest. He stared down into her unblinking eyes. Like violets they were, dark and so blue as to appear purple. "No, Adda, by me." "I grew tired of waiting for you to notice me." "I'd noticed you. I'd chosen not to act on it. It is unseemly for a man my age to-" "Unthinkable. Unseemly. Unfaithful. I heard you before, Faramir. Believe me when I say that the months have not softened my hearing or understanding of the words." "You loved her, too," he said quietly, releasing her when she would turn away. "I did," Addabellia whispered over her shoulder. "As a friend, as a sister, as a second mother." "You were so young when she died." "So were you. So was she. But she saw what was really in me." He nodded. "She knew you loved me. Knew you loved my children." Here she scoffed. "I was hardly secret about it then. My affection was marked by everyone." "I don't want you to think that I-" "I have no expectations of you, Master Faramir." "I love you. I loved the child you were. I loved the foster mother