A/N: A new fic and I hope you guys will like this one. As the usual, people against gay love are not welcomed so please, click back. With this in mind, I might update a bit later than I usually do. Mehh, whatever happens comes and goes. I swear I had other plans in mind after I finished Personal Space, Dam It! and this just came out of the blue. I'll have to postpone the ideas for the other fanfics. Again, I hope you guys like my fanfics. By the way, RATED M FOR CUSSING AND LATER CHAPTERS. MAYBE. Summary: Subject 26-X8 has escaped. He's chained and blinded. A scream emits from his throat. A sudden burst of energy broke the cuffs around his hands and feet. Nico di Angelo escapes the hell hole called Laboratory DL2F and wanders off into the world. His memories are hazy but when a guy and girl takes him in, memories come back; as well as the scientists after him. Disclaimer: I do not own anything but the idea of the plot. Seriously, is it legal to how many times I've said this? Uncle Rick owns the characters. That guy's just awesome in so many levels. Psychokinetic Disaster I Subject 26-X8 has escaped Subject 26-X8 has escaped The alarms ringed loudly. The boy groaned as he lifted his head off the floor. Or what looked like an endless dark void. The pounding in his head won't cease. Carefully, he lifted his arms but was unable to stretch farther than they are. He was restrained; cuffed. The alarms continued to resonate around the room. Or was it from the outside? Reaching up, his hands felt a cold steel surface. It occurred to the boy that his head was locked in helmet-like steel. Where am I? The escapee thought. The pounding ache in his mind increased. He shut his eyes closed and let out an ear-piercing yell. He let forth a burst of force and the chains bounding his hands and feet broke easily. The pieces of metal made a clanging sound as it hit the floor. Subject 26-X8 has escaped Subject 26-X8 has escaped Sitting up slowly, his eyes tried to focus on anything. Realizing the helmet-like lock around his head hasn't broken off, he raised his hands to his head to search for anything that felt like a latch of some sort. Something that will disable the lock on his head. The boy frowned in defeat in finding none. He rose up steadily and waved his arms around aimlessly for anything to grasp onto. The sound of a whirring machine got his attention. It sounded like automatic doors opening as it scratched the ground. "Freeze! Stay low!" an alarming voice shouted across the room. Guns were loaded and footsteps sounded hurried. Panic rose in the boy as he moved his head around, trying to find the source of the sound. "I said freeze!" the owner's voice echoed once more. His mind became hazy as everything seemed to stop. The sound of guns firing his way snapped his mind into autopilot. His hands that were dangling by his side seconds ago flew up in front of him in a stopping motion. The boy waited for the antagonizing pain the bullets will bring him but it never came. The firing proceeded but no bullets came in contact with his skin. He waited until the firing died down yet it felt like he was holding onto something. Slowly, but surely, he pulled his arms in a feet away from his chest before extending them with sudden force. Gasps and screams resonated across the room. His mind pounded once more. He listened to the, unknown to him, lifeless bodies dropping on the floor. Was he captured? Was he a bad guy? He doesn't know. The boy tried to recall anything from the past. Long needles injecting him; endless darkness; echoing footsteps; and a girl's voice. Other than that, everything else was blurry. He could not remember a thing before this lock around his head was placed. Did he have a family? Was he alone? He shook his head and decided to question his life later. Right now, he needs to get out of this prison that kept him locked up. He dragged his feet across the white floor. His hands placed on pristine white walls steadying him as he trudged his way around the so-called prison. Voices started to fill his mind while memories came crashing down on him. The boy grunted in pain as his head ached again. " I am Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Professor Dare if you may. And I'll be checking on you time to time" The woman's voice entered his mind. He recalls the girl saying nonsense as the needles injected his body. The boy wouldn't talk back but the girl seems to have no problem with that. She expected no answer from the boy in chains anyway. " In case if you're wondering, which I'm certain you are, you're in Laboratory DL2F. I'm restricted from telling you what DL2F means but that is the least of your problems" Laboratory. He remembers now. He was locked up in a laboratory where this girl, Rachel, or Professor Dare, was checking up on him. She never told him what DL2F means. She told him that he was a special case. One that is feral. The chains and the lock on his head were heavy restraints to prevent him from causing danger to others. He was even locked in a steel prison-like cage that drains this source of power in his mind. "Oh my god, it's him. He's out. Fire!" one of the guards yelled. The firing continued yet no bullet pierced through his skin. An unknown defensive force field circled the boy as he walked forward. Prison-like cage. If he was locked up in a cage, then how did he manage to get out? Was that why he was lying on the ground? More likely, he fell. Someone has unlocked the cage. Someone who intended to release him. "Hold fire and fall back! Didn't Professor Dare tell you nincompoops to refrain from firing at the boy?" a voice yelled. "But he is dangerous! Sir–" "He will use those bullets to his advantage, idiot! Do not let him reach any material on the floor or he will use it to his offense. Now, fall back!" Advantage, you say? The boy thought. He was locked up. He had no memory whatsoever of what happened before he was captured, chained, and bounded. They were the cause of his never-ending pain. Anger rose inside him. The escapee gritted his teeth and forced the used bullets on the ground to rise. He could hear them back away. The boy put his brain to use. Walking forward, he lodged every bullet straight through their heads, not missing a single one of them. Lifeless bodies fell to the floor. He marched forward and used this power of his to use. Without seeing, he can sense the room around him. It's like a scanner but with your senses. He felt a tightly shut door in front of him. With all his might, his head pounded with dullness as he forced the two metal doors to open. The metal creaked and bent from the force. He walked through it with ease. More guards came running his way. "Don't let him come near you. Hold fire but aim your weapons" another voice commanded. How dare they. He was chained, injected, and memory drained and they had the guts to aim firearms at him? A low growl escaped the boy's throat. "Stay where you are" the commander's voice sounded again. Instead, the escapee ignored him and continued forward. Still aiming at me? Oh, I'll give you something to aim alright , he thought. He felt around the room and the force from his mind grasped onto one of the guards. He moved it to both his offender's arms and pulled violently. A shrill scream tore throughout the room as the guard's torso fell forward; his arms now torn from his body and lying on his sides, blood starting to pool around it. Guns started to fire once more. The boy reciprocated all the bullets that were aiming his way. He was merciless. He was beyond help. He was on the edge of his beaten up sanity. He had power. He had advantage. They all treated him badly. None in this twisted laboratory deserved to breathe in the air he breathes. He pushed through rooms and rooms of guards. All went down with a bullet lodged through their head or a piece of their body torn away from them; lot likely the arms or legs. So far, he has not made contact with his Professor who examined him or the man –or woman– who disarmed the cage's power. He was more or less a walking death machine so either way, he was thankful they didn't show up at an ungodly hour. Although, he would like to thank his ally later on. If he is an ally. There was no stopping him. The boy was desperate to get out of this laboratory, get the helmet off his head, maybe gather his wits once he escapes, and plan further more. He wanted to avenge his missing memories. He wanted to put them in pain. Yet, he wanted to be free of this trouble. He wanted to start a new life. Maybe find a friend to keep company. He wanted to restart from scratch and forget the lives he has ended. If he was hopeful, he may even talk to someone who would keep his telepathic senses a secret. He wanted help. But he's certain finding help or friend is impossible. Before he could force the next two doors open, the panel beside it lightened up and opened on its own. The boy followed the sound of the continuous opening doors. Whoever it is that's on his side deemed their help. But why wait so long to set him free? His foot finally set down on dry land. He figured he was out of the laboratory, meaning he's on his own now. He trekked forward, using his hands to grab onto anything. The cold night air hit him. The escapee realized that he was stripped off his clothing. Great, not only am I blind but I'm naked too , he thought bitterly. He shivered as he placed his hands on the trunk of a tree. Turning his head to the side, he heard footsteps hurrying towards him; hurried but quiet. That is, if you don't have a powerful set of senses, which he had. It sounded like it came from everywhere. The boy moved faster. Often the branches of miniature trees made scratches on his skin but nothing too severe. He chuckled darkly. He had scratches from harmless nature-bearing trees but even a bullet coming at him at high speed can't touch him. As he ran, more memories and an additional voice crashed down on him. " This is Professor Hades. He'll come in and check you once in a while, while I'm gone" the girl –Rachel– said. Then the doors shut. " I am your ally. Remember me, child" a deep voice registered into his mind. Hades. His footsteps echoed as he left. By that time, he was utterly confused by what he said. Nobody was his ally if they intended on keeping him locked up in that cage. But now he remembers. Was this the man who turned against his people to help him? He immediately stopped once he felt the edge of the woods. It felt like a cliff but he was sure he heard the waves of the water crashing down on the rocks below. "Freeze! Don't make a move!" the voice behind him yelled. And come back to that living hell hole? No thank you . He gritted his teeth. There was only one choice for