Author's Notes: Another TwistedFairytale!AU but Nicercy. I want to dedicate this to NicercyPercico who asked me first about a twisted fairytale AU of Nicercy. This one will be based on Peter Pan. Although, compared to my other fics, this may not be as dark. I wanted to put in twists here and there but it wouldn't seem likely. Also, did you know in the original version of Peter Pan, he killed the Lost Boys? I just didn't want to kill them here 'cause, y'know, feels. I'll try to make other Nicercy fics based on fairytales and twist them. This fic will have a total of two chapters only and I may post the next one sometime later or tomorrow. I dunno. I might rewrite this into something darker. Or not. Opinions anyone? But I won't take this down or anything. Disclaimer: I do not own the characters. All rights go to their rightful owner. A Taste Of Neverland "The musical lyre Orpheus possessed could move the fiercest of storms, overwhelm the alluring voices of the Sirens, and even bring peace to quarrels. Nothing could resist the power of his music. He then found a maiden, Eurydice, who became his wife. Their happiness was short-lived, however. After their wedding, she was stung causing her death," a small gasp was heard from the room. Percy Jackson enjoyed the stories Athena Chase told her daughter, Annabeth Chase. He could see the striking resemblance through the window of their house. Both mother and daughter had blonde hair and similar stormy gray eyes. Percy floated beside the window where it was left open. He avoided being seen by both girls and listened in. "Orpheus sang a song to the Lord of the dead with his lyre. His music moved even the coldest and darkest of hearts. The Underworld silenced for the amount of time Orpheus played his sad melody. The Lord of the dead granted him one chance. Eurydice were to follow him to the land of the living but he must not turn back." Athena told the girl tucked in bed. "Not turn back? Then how could he see her?" Annabeth worried her lip. "That's the point. He's not allowed to. Or else, she'll be sent back to the Underworld with no chance of seeing her husband again." Athena stroked her daughter's face. She pushed a stray blonde strand from her face and tucked it behind her ear. "It's time to sleep, Annabeth. I'll continue the story tomorrow." She smiled. The girl who looked no older than twelve frowned. "But—" "No buts, young lady." Athena tut-tutted. Percy frowned as well when the lights to Annabeth's bedroom dimmed. He heard the girl sigh softly and shifted in her position. Percy leaned against the wall away from the window where he sat on the roof of the house. The boy wore a short-sleeved green tunic with dark brown tights. He wore a small cap with an attached red feather to it. He was barefoot but it didn't seem to mind the boy. He had a belt where it held the sheath for his dagger, Riptide. His green eyes contrasted well with his outfit and his windswept black hair. He stared into the starless night where the moon illuminated the blank canvas of white clouds. Darn, Percy was expecting another story from the older woman but it turned out that small girls needed their sleep. Unlike the Lost Boys in his place, they could sleep whenever they wanted. Percy stood up unaware of his shadow separating from him. When the movement caught his eye, he spun around to see the tail of his shadow enter the room through the window. "Oh crap," he swore under his breath. He contemplated flying back and leaving his shadow but that was arguable. He frowned and tiptoed inside the girl's room. The walls were decorated with a light purple color. On the left, a bookshelf piled with books of different sizes and shapes stood. Percy glanced at every corner of the room but found nothing. He grew worried and while walking, he bumped into the bookshelf. "Oof!" He fell. Several books fell and lay scattered around his feet. He was rubbing his head when the lights shone on his face. He covered his eyes with his hand and blinked rapidly. "Who are you?" a girl's voice asked. Percy couldn't believe the luck he was in. He removed the hand from his face and stared at the twelve-year old girl. Her big bright gray eyes glinted with curiosity. Percy sat up and stood. She wasn't small for a girl her age. She was at least a foot from his height which was saying something. Through all the years he lived, he couldn't determine how old he was but in human years, he looked around fifteen to sixteen. "I'm Percy Jackson. The Lost Boys call me Peter Pan for some reason. But call me Percy," He smiled. The girl smiled back and extended a hand out in greeting. "A pleasure to meet you, Percy. I'm Annabeth Chase! My mom calls me Annabeth, so I guess you can call me Annabeth." She said. Percy stared at her hand and shrugged. He grabbed the offered hand and shook it enthusiastically. "Well Annabeth, have you seen a shadow around? My shadow, specifically." Percy asked, taking a seat on the bed. The girl looked around her room in wonder. "Your shadow?" To prove his point, Percy stood and levitated in the air. "See? No shadow." But Annabeth was astounded at the miracle she saw. "You can fly!" She said. Percy shrugged his shoulder like it was no big deal. It probably was for a guy who spent his life soaring through the skies and clouds. "Yeah. Pretty cool. But anyways, my shadow?" Percy asked, looking around the room. At the corner near the wardrobe, he spotted a slight movement and motioned Annabeth closer. "See if you can corner my shadow through that side and I'll block it off from the opposite side." He whispered. The blonde girl nodded and carefully stalked closer to the wardrobe. Percy followed and once he was within reach, jumped for the shadow. He caught it by the foot and forced it down. "There, that'll keep you from straying about," Percy blew a breath of relief. The shadow settled and finally stayed close to him. Percy took one last look at Annabeth and headed for the window. But the girl had other intentions. "Wait!" She called out to him. Percy turned around before a body collided with his. "Where are you going? Leaving so soon already?" The small girl frowned. Percy grimaced and crouched on one knee. "I came to hear the wonderful stories that were told. But I need to get back to my friends too. They would love to hear new stories." Percy said. At that point, Annabeth's eyes widened. "I know some stories! Ones that my mother hasn't told because I read them in story books. I can retell these stories to you and your friends. But will that be okay?" Annabeth shyly twiddled her fingers. Percy blinked at her offer then smiled. "They'll be ecstatic about it! They're almost as old as you so I doubt you'll have any trouble getting along with them." Percy grinned, now fully standing. Annabeth smiled widely and followed the boy to the window. Then she frowned. "But I can't fly." She said sadly. "You will in a minute." Percy reassured her. He placed two fingers in his mouth and blew, imitating the sound of a whistle. From afar, a dark spot was seen headed towards them. Annabeth's eyes gleamed at seeing a flying dark horse. "M'lady," Percy bowed and lifted Annabeth on the horse's, Blackjack, he called him, back. "Hold on tight, yeah?" He gave her a thumbs up before the horse sped off. Percy laughed giddily and followed along. They soared through the night, going pass clouds and tall buildings. "Where are we going?" Annabeth yelled through the wind rushing pass them. "To Neverland!" Percy shouted back. By then, he was late at mentioning one flaw. Where once they step foot, they were never allowed to leave. 'Cept him, of course, since he had the ability to fly. Percy pushed that thought aside and grinned through the flight. Pushing past several clouds later, they entered a new valley of white clouds and a colorful sunset. They dived in and a place never before seen by Annabeth was in view. The girl gasped and looked at the whole of it. Where it was once nighttime, here it was morning. The forest was a huge green scenery of trees and off in the coast, crystal white sand separated the land and the ocean blue sea. Percy smiled at the sight of the ocean. He loved the ocean and had a desire to spiral down towards it when they reach ground. As they neared the land, Annabeth could see various colors illuminating in trees' shades. She wondered what it could be. Her happiness was cut short as a pointed arrow whistled through past the wind and knocked her off of Blackjack. Her face contorted into horror as she stared at the sky above. She screamed on her way down. Percy stopped in his tracks and raced down to capture the falling girl. He almost barely caught her by the leg and settled her down carefully on the land. She lost consciousness long before Percy caught her but she was alive. Percy sighed in relief and sat back. He began to carefully treat the wound but found that he couldn't bring himself to pull the arrow out. The leaves on the left of him rustled and out came the younger boys who whooped happily around Percy. "We caught it! We caught it!" They repeated. Blackjack landed beside the boys and whinnied softly. "Specifically, I did. You guys stink at shooting arrows." A blonde who looked at the age of thirteen scoffed. He was third to being the oldest after Percy and Jason, another blonde Lost Boy at the age of fourteen. Will Solace neared the girl and peered down on her cautiously. "What is it?" He asked. The other Lost Boys followed his lead. Percy gently pushed them away from the girl. "It's a she. A girl. She came with me so she could tell you all stories. Now, look what you've done." Percy narrowed his eyes at all the Lost Boys. He casted a glance at every one of them starting from the smallest to the tallest. Leo Valdez, Grover Underwood, Connor Stoll, Travis Stoll, Will Solace, then finally Jason Grace. They bowed their heads to show they were sorry. "Will, you're good at treating wounds. Help her up and bring her into the lair. Connor, Travis, you two make a room for Annabeth to stay in. Treat her good. She's one of us now." Percy gestured to the girl laying down unconscious. Will was off to work while Travis and Connor sped off towards their "Underground Lair", as they dubbed it. Now, all Percy had to do was find food for them. It was easy, as long as he doesn't run into pirates, tribes, or wild animals. ... "Avast! Anchor down!" The ship groaned as it landed ashore. The owner of the voice belonged to no other than Captain Nico Di Angelo, a known pirate all throughout Neverland. He had a fearsome crew that consisted of his best mate, Reyna Ramirez-Arellano. She and Nico were the closest of friends. Aside from her, there were Hazel Levesque, his adopted sister, Frank Zhang, a good company to his sister, Calypso, and Piper McLean. He didn't take the time to know the others but he became close with the other four. "Captain, I can assist you on your journey. Frank and Hazel took charge of the ship." Reyna approached the teen who was eighteen years of age. He had black messy hair and dark brown orbs. His