Author's Notes: Oohhh what's this? Another TwistedFairytale!Au. This centers around Jason and Piper but it'll change somewhere in the end. Percico included. TAKE NOTE. Rated M for violence and character death. Or should I say character deathS. One-shot, btw. I'm sorry if this didn't come out good. I've planned a bit hastily and I was listening to music while typing this whole stuff down. I can't usually concentrate with music on and I might have used the wrong words. Disclaimer: As always, I have never owned the characters. They all go to Rick Riordan. Jack, Jill, and the Water Well " Another Dead Body Found At Village Lake Villagers claimed they saw a body floating on the water. At first, assumed the person was only taking a dip but due to closer inspection, found blood surrounding the corpse. Cause of death is two huge gashes on the back of the neck; a sign our murderers Jack and Jill left –" The boy crumpled the newspaper and threw it behind him. He sighed, frustrated, and ran a hand through his cropped blonde hair. These villagers are idiots , came a thought to him. How long has it been since he and his partner started the killing? He counted mentally. Ahhh, two months . He recalls the first body he and his partner slaughtered. It started off as relieving their anger due to their parents abandoning them. The boy lived by himself, survived in a village nearby. Then along came a girl. He found her one night persuading a boy to give her money. From the looks of it, the boy seemed in a trance, and gave her what she desired without hesitation. The blonde who saw everything confronted her as soon as the boy went back inside his home. The blonde admitted the girl looked gorgeous but didn't let her use her charm to her advantage. She got away that night. There's a famous legend going around the village about deities of different elements roaming the grounds. Their closest encounter to one was when a small forest fire near the village had started six months back. By then, people collected their trashes and burned them down to the ground. Then one night, they heard the yell of a woman about a fire in the forest. Immediately, they put it out. Suspects report they have seen a figure swallowed by the fire but instead of running around in panic or burning, he stood with his arms stretched out as if he welcomed the flames. When the fire died, he was nowhere to be found. Rumors traveled fast. News was the god of fire had started it. The girl reminded him of a goddess. She may not have delicate clothing but the way she seemed to hypnotize her victims and steal from them was evidence enough to think she may be one. The next time he saw her, she was stealing food from the market. Anyone who tried to tell her off, she charm-spoke them not to. The boy and the girl introduced themselves as Jason Grace and Piper McLean, got to know each other and found out they had similar family problems. The blonde offered Piper his home and she willingly accepted. From then on, they became close, sharing anger and other problems with each other. But, unlike Piper's victims, Jason had not fallen for her. She became his source of comfort; the only one who kept him stable. A friend, if one may see it from third person. Eventually, they were no longer able to control their anger and slaughtered people as their source of "entertainment", all because of the past they never left. What was left of their sanity wasn't heard of. Together, they hefted their sharp-edged bladed weapons in the air and brought it down on their innocent helpless victim. That was two months ago. And yet, to this day, they continue their little game. "Honey, I'm home!" a voice called. The door shut close. Jason glanced up to see his best friend enter the room. She had a huge grin on her face. Something told him she was onto something. "What did Jill do this time?" he crossed his arms. The girl with uneven shoulder-length brown hair dropped the bag of apples she stole and tapped her right pocket. "Just a little treasure I found while I was off roaming," she said, " Jack ." They were known for their murders yet their true form is guised. Jason thought the idea was irrelevant but after making it to the newspaper countless times, Piper had the nasty idea to write "Jack and Jill strikes again" in their victim's blood on the grass the lifeless body laid. Not only do they write on the grass to indicate their arrival, but they usually embed two gashes on the back of their victims' necks. For what reason, no one knew. The next time they waited for the newspaper, Jason bellowed with laughter when their false names were displayed on the paper. That was two weeks after they started their homicide. Jason waited as Piper drew out a long eighteen-inch blade from the side of her waist. She held it up with pride as it shimmered, her reflection in the blade. "It's not as good as your Gladius but this is more for me." She spun it on her hand and extended her arm, arching it in a defensive position. Gladius is Jason's weapon of choice, a sword. It hid well beneath his cloak and the shadows of the night always hid it from sight. He once owned a javelin and named it Julius but Piper said it was better to use something smaller. "I'm calling it Katoptris." She announced. Jason raised an eyebrow, an action that told the girl he was curious as to why she picked that name. "My father used to tell me these ancient Greek stories and how Helen, of Troy, had a knife. It was given to her by her first husband. It showed more than the holder's reflection but Helen never used it as a weapon." She said. Her face dimmed at the memory, the light tone of her voice faltered low. "So, I'm calling it Katoptris, meaning a mirror or a looking glass. It is shiny, after all." She caressed the blade and smiled humorlessly at her reflection. "I'm in the mood for takeout." She placed it back where she got it, a scabbard on her waist. She picked the cloak from her drawer and placed it on. Jason saw the glint in her eyes and followed along. It wasn't abnormal for them to suddenly recall their past then get their moods deflated. It either resulted in massacre or a whole day of weeping. He grabbed his sheathed sword, Gladius, and hid it beneath the dark purple cloak he wore. When either of them felt the bloodlust rise in them, they help each other maim their chosen victim. If it's the two of them both in their state, their days flow on with lives lost beneath their blades. It was getting dark, a perfect time to slaughter. The village guards were at their posts, watching out for danger. Unfortunately for them, Piper and Jason have succeeded in stalking from behind their backs due to weeks of repeating. Jason, or Jack , raised a hand to cease movement when one guard glanced at their direction. He squinted and when Jason thought they've been seen, the guard turned his head. Sighing, he and Piper crept to an alley far from the guards to hide but what they found pleased them. There, with his back turned, a small boy sat hunched over something Jason couldn't see from his position. Quietly, Piper tiptoed towards the boy with dark hair and tackled him to the ground. The boy was taken by surprise and would have screamed if it weren't for the tight grip on his mouth. "What's a young boy such as you doing out here in the night?" Piper smiled wide. The boy's eyes widened and he struggled violently in her grip. He was yelling but Piper dug her nails into his cheek, making him stop. The item he was holding was clenched tight in his fist. Jason walked to them and bent down to pick the item up from the boy's hand. "What do we have here? A blue rose?" he looked at the unnaturally blue rose in his hand and looked down at the boy. His eyes flamed with anger and fright and momentarily forgot Piper's sharp nails. He seemed to be telling him something. Jason motioned Piper to lessen her grip. The girl reluctantly did so. "Please... That's for my l-lover. I wanted to give it to him- them !" He corrected immediately. "I'll give you what you want but please give that rose back!" the boy glared with unshed tears in his eyes. Jason mockingly hummed as he looked closer at the boy. He had dark eyes and pale skin. Looks young too , he thought. "Won't your parents look for you in this time of the day?" Jason asked while tilting his head. The boy bit his lip and stared hard at him. "I don't have parents." He muttered but the blonde boy heard perfectly. "Aren't you a little young to be going around spreading your legs for everybody?" Piper jeered. The boy being held down flinched at her words. He gritted his teeth and narrowed his eyes at her. "Maybe you misheard. I'm not a whore. I-" "Oh, quiet will you." It was more of a command when Jason interrupted. "He's right. You're all nothing but a waste of our time. I should have listened." The boy mumbled as if he were talking to himself. Thinking less of it, Piper dragged him up and pushed him hard against the wall. "You'll regret ever saying that." She hissed. Before the boy could blink, she dug her dagger deep into his stomach. His eyes widened as blood came spilling out of his mouth. Jason watched as the boy's eyes landed on the rose he was holding. With a smirk on his face, the blonde boy pocketed the flower. "Come on Jill. I've got a new necklace I can make for you." He drawled. The life from the young boy slowly drained as he slowly closed his eyes. As he was being put down, Piper and Jason made two gash marks on the nape of his neck. The ground beneath them rumbled. Jason kept a steady grip on the walls of the alley and held onto Piper. "An earthquake?" He looked down at the shivering ground. They planned to stay crouched near the bloodied corpse until the violent shaking stopped but it didn't look like it was stopping anytime soon. "We need to get out of here before anyone finds out what we have done." Jason whispered loud enough for his partner to hear. Together, they hurried back in their cottage without miraculously being seen. They found a spot under the small desk in their home and hid under it together. It wasn't until the sun showed that the violent shaking stopped abruptly. "What was that about?" Piper mumbled, sleepy from being kept up all night. From afar, Jason could hear the villagers slowly coming out of their houses and talking. "I don't know but it is better you wash that dagger of yours before the guards find the body." He informed, nodding towards their small washroom. She complied and cleansed her dagger from the dry blood. "That's strange." She furrowed her eyebrows as she inspected the dried blood. When before it was a deep dark red shade, it was now a dark golden brown shade. All signs of the red pigment were gone. "What's strange?" Jason popped up from behind her. But by then, the blood has already been washed off. "Nothing. I thought I saw a cockroach in the sink." She lied. Jason raised an