Hey all! Soooo, I originally got this idea from a pin on pinterest except when I was writing it, lets just say it changed. A lot. lol. So, I actually have enough of a plot to continue this one shot into a book. However I'm not sure if I'm going to. Please tell me what you think. If I did continue I'm gonna say that updates would be very slow. Anyway theres not much to be said, Just that I REALLY enjoyed writing this one shot and I hope you enjoy reading it! Of course I could also go on all day how I would be infinitely happy if you left a review but I'm gonna go with you know that... Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson. (If I did stuff would be different...) Last Breath Annabeth gasped in pain as a knife imbedded itself in her shoulder. " Percy!" she gasped. Percy looked behind him to see Annabeth clutching her shoulder while trying to fend off the monsters closing in around her. " Annabeth!" Annabeth lay gasping for breath on the pavement, Percy tried to stanch the blood flow from her shoulder but it seemed like a hopeless cause. " Annabeth talk to me." he said in desperation. " Percy, Its gonna be okay, I've had worse," she smiled at him, as her vision faded in and out. " Annabeth..." Percy woke with a start, sweat running down his brow and drenching his clothes. He took a deep calming breath. He had been having nightmares ever since Tartarus, some where he died, others Annabeth. But each time he had failed in some, horrible, horrible way. He got up and splashed some cold water on his face, instantly reviving himself. He made his way to the lake and sat down on the shore, staring out at the water, the stars reflected on its surface. Percy didn't know how long he had been sitting there when he heard light footsteps behind him. He didn't need to look behind him to know who it was. He had memorized every single detail about her a long time a ago. "Can't sleep?" Annabeth asked sitting down next to him. He didn't move. She pulled her legs up to her chest. She was wearing basketball shorts and a tank top, her long golden hair was down and blowing in the wind. She shivered slightly. Percy wordlessly took off the sweater he had quickly thrown on as he left his room and draped it over Annabeths head. She smiled and put on the too big sweater. She knew not to press him, if he needed to talk to her then he would. If not, then there was nothing Annabeth could do about that, only try and help him through it. She rested her head on his shoulder as they sat there in silence. After a little while Percy spoke. "It was another nightmare," his voice was hoarse, as if he hadn't used in a long time. Annabeth lifted her head to look at him. '"They've been getting worse, especially after Tartarus," Annabeth shuddered at the mention of the hell hole they had been forced to walk through. Percy paused, "We're surrounded by monsters, me and you, we can't run, we're forced to fight, we almost make it out when one of us dies. Its usually you. You die because I'm not strong enough, because I couldn't save you," he stopped talking, his head was bent low, his knuckles where white as he clasped his hands in front of him. He took a deep calming breath. Annabeth traced circles on his back. He looked up at her, his sea green eyes where wide as they glinted in the moonlight. "There so vivid, real. And I've had it before. I'm starting to think that maybe, maybe its not a dream. Maybe its fate." He looked away. "It's okay Percy," Annabeth whispered. "I'm here, I'm here and I'll never leave you. I promise," she said. Percy looked up at her again. His eyes where less panicked and he seemed calmer. "You can't promise that," he whispered. A smile tugged at the corner of her lips. "I just did," she whispered. He leaned into her and there lips met. He pulled away. "I'll protect you Annabeth. Even if it costs me my life I'll protect you. I swear it on the river Styx." Annabeth was only slightly surprised by the conviction in his voice. Then she smiled. "I love you," she whispered. He leaned his head against hers. "I love you too..." Three months later "Come on, it'll be fun!" Percy pleaded with Annabeth. Annabeth had her hands on her hips and was looking at Percy with a look of disbelief and annoyance. He had his best puppy dog face on and had his hands folded in font of him. Leo and Calypso stood a little ways away. Annabeth looked at her Fiancée. "No," she said simply. "Did she just..." Calypso pointed to the couple half heartedly. "Did she just say no?" She asked in disbelief. Leo shook his head. "Heartless women." "Annabeth," Percy pleaded. "No Percy, I have a lot of homework and so do you," she said half heartedly. It was pretty obvious she didn't want to do homework. "I can't even read it though, the words keep getting all mixed up. And there's just so much of it! I asked my teacher to translate it into ancient Greek but she said that would take way to long. I think she was just trying to be nice though because she looked pretty shocked when I asked and she looked at me like I was crazy," he pouted. Annabeth laughed. "You actually asked that?" "Yeah I did," He said smiling, "I thought it would make for a good story. Come on, it's been forever since we've gone out together," he said. Annabeth bit her lip. "But we still have a lot of homework." "And we'll do it as soon as we get back," he reassured her. She glanced at the door to her cabin then back at Percy. "I still think we should st-" "Come on, it'll be really fun!" He said. Annabeth sighed and looked at her cabin again. "Okay," she said after a minute. "YES!" Percy did a small victory dance. Annabeth laughed. "Wait. He just got her to say yes," Leo said in disbelief. Calypso smiled. "I don't think anyone can say no to him if he's set his mind to it." Leo pouted. "And I can't?" He asked her, imitating Percy's puppy dog face. Calypso giggled. "Of course not. You're my boyfriend so I can't say yes all the time," she winked at him. Leo put on the saddest look he could muster, which looked quite cute on his impish face. Calypso laughed again. "You silly boy," she said and pressed her lips to his. His face immediately brightened. "You broke my smolder," he whined, referencing to a disney movie they had recently seen together. Even as he was grinning in triumph. Calypso looked over to where Percy and Annabeth where. "Wait. Where did they go?" Calypso looked around in confusion. Leo laughed. "Obviously they don't like being spied on," he said before pressing his lips against hers again. "And I don't care." After Annabeth had agreed to go out Percy had grabbed her hand and dragged her as fast as he could to the stables. He convinced her to ride with him on Black Jack and off they went. They grabbed some food at a Chinese restaurant and then made there way to a park. "So, you having fun?" Percy asked. Annabeth smiled. "Yes." "Good, then lets not go back for a while," he said happily. "We have homework," she reminded him. He groaned. "Fine, but we're doing this again sometime soon." Her smile widened. "Okay." "We should really be heading back now," Annabeth bit her lip a little as she checked the watch on her wrist. Percy sighed. "Your not gonna have fun anymore, are you? Not when you have this much homework," he answered his own question with a small smile. Annabeth chuckled. "You know me too well Seaweed Brain." "Come on. Lets go somewhere less crowded before I call Black Jack," he said. "Okay." Five minutes later it started raining. "What the heck? Where did this come from?" They heard a guy sitting on a bench curse as the rain soaked his magazine. "Percy," Annabeth looked at him scoldingly. "Did you do this?" She asked. He was powerful before, but after Tartarus, after he snapped, something had changed in him. His power had surged to unimaginable strengths, a power he was still learning how to control. Percy shook his head in slight confusion. "No, at least I don't think so." Just then a man loomed out of the shadows in front of them. He had what looked like a knife in his hand. "Now where do you think your going?" He asked, his voice light and happy, as if he was a good friend asking whats up. Percy rolled his eyes. "Well lets start with 'out of the rain' shall we?" he said sarcastically, not even fazed by the knife the man was holding. The man smirked. "Well lets see if you get that far, shall we?" Percy smiled and looked at Annabeth. "This will be fun," he said cheerily. Annabeth rolled her eyes and fingered the dagger on her hip. Suddenly the man in front of them let out a bloodcurdling yell, monsters that looked human and monster both seemed to appear out of the shadows. Percy flinched slightly. "Kinda reminds you of Tartarus doesn't it," he said as the monsters encircled them. "Surrounded by monsters. Unbeatable odds," he flashed a smile. "Peace of cake." Annabeth smiled back, "Yeah, just like Tartarus," she whispered. He rarely mentioned Tartarus, it was only if he was afraid. When he was afraid he tended to refer to Tartarus in a joking manner. Percy felt like he was seeing the beginning of a nightmare. Except this time he wasn't asleep. His nightmares always started with them getting encircled by monsters. Then one of them would die. His eyes hardened. That won't happen. Not this time he thought. not this time. Suddenly the monsters surged forward. Slash duck stab turn parry water duck stab slash stab sidestep swing water duck stab parry slash water swing sidestep parry water slash water stab water parry water... Percy was a blur as he fought the monsters, there was water swirling around him as he twirled and fought in a trance like state, monsters erupted into dust as he worked his way through them. He didn't realize it but as he fought he was growing increasingly farther from Annabeth. Percy glanced behind him to see Annabeth surrounded by monsters, she was keeping them away, but only just. Suddenly a monster appeared behind her. "Annabeth behind you!" He yelled but his voice was drowned out by the storm raging around them. The monster lunged forward and sank its fangs into her arm. Annabeth gasped in pain. "Percy!" the monsters around her closed in. Percy looked behind him to see Annabeth clutching her arm while trying to fend off the monsters around her. Percy quickly made his way toward her, leaving a cloud of golden dust in his wake. "Annabeth!" He yelled. He made it to her side but the monsters encircling them wouldn't allow him to tend to her. He took a calming breath and closed his eyes, a moment later he felt a tug in his gut and the rain water around them froze. His eyes snapped open and the rain sped out like daggers, impeding themselves into the monsters around them. They burst into dust as the rain hurtled through them. Annabeth swayed on her feet slightly. Ambrosia! Percy thought. Annabeth always keeps ambrosia with her! He quickly started searching for the one thing that might be able