Disclaimer- There is not way possible in this universe that I can own Harry Potter, because if I did, it would be completely different from what you all read and I would be the richest writer ever, not writing this fanfic. ENJOY! A/N- Edited- 10 July, 2017. I went through the story once again and removed all the typographical errors that were present. I still do not guarantee it's perfect, but I could not find any other errors. THE DARKEST SECRET Hermione was walking down the stairs of the fourth floor when a weird sound was heard echoing in the corridor. She could not identify what the sound was but it was reverberating the corridors occasionally. At first Hermione did not heed to the sound but when the sound kept on coming, she could not help but start looking around. Hermione was quite inquisitive by nature and could not really digest the idea that that something weird or different was going on and she was not privy of it. So after tiptoeing all around the corridors on the fourth floor and still being unable to find the source of that peculiar noise, Hermione decided to pause for a second and strain her ears searching for the weird animal that dared to make that noise and hide from her. "Oh! How much I wish I had Crookshanks' ears", Hermione muttered wistfully. "That lucky fellow! He can hear all the sounds in high definition and I am not able to hear one sound in detail in this deserted hallway." "Maybe I should use that spell. I really should. But is it worth it testing it now?" Hermione took out a small headphone like device out of her robe and tuned it around to reveal a small booklet. She turned open the first page and read what the manual said. The manual said that 'improper use of the charm can cause bleeding in ears, rupturing of the eardrums or even permanent deafness'. "NO it's so not worth it", Hermione flinched. "I wish I had invested in those Weasleys' Extendable Ears." She put the device back into her robe. Suddenly, a thought went off like a light bulb in her head. Hermione slapped her palm on her forehead," Hey! Why I am searching on the fourth floor when the sound is coming from the above", cursing herself, Hermione walked up the stairs and for her delight, the sound got louder and she could hear it clearly. It was an odd sound, an animal was repeatedly laughing and crying in turns. Well, she was not sure what the sound really was but she was quite sure that it was being made by one thing and that thing was an animal. After reaching an empty corner, Hermione stopped dead in her tracks. The sound was definitely of one laughing and crying in turns, but to her utter mortification, that 'animal' was Harry Potter, The-Boy-Who-Lived. Harry was sprawled on the floor thrashing wildly and the Weasley twins were doing something to him that looked way worse than it really was. One was covering his mouth by his hands and the other trying to tie him down. "Shut up Harry, we are fed up with you now. One more sound and we will Stupefy you". One of them (Fred or George, Hermione was not really sure) hissed in an irritated tone. "Merlin! Keep quite Harry! Somebody will hear you and we will be in trouble", the other one said trying to hold him down. Fearing for the worst, Hermione took out her wand in haste and pointed it at the brothers. "Leave him alone, you two" , she shouted. "Have you gone mad? Are you trying to kill him? Get away!" The Weasley brothers stopped trying to pin Harry down and turned their heads like deer caught in headlight. After seeing that the intruder was Hermione, they took a deep breathe of relief and went back to do what they were doing before the interruption. "Calm down Hermione! We are not trying to kill him. We are just helping him", one of them said after he put his hands to cover the hysterical sound coming out of Harry's mouth. "And if you are trying to sneak your way into a fight, at least learn to hold the wand correctly. You are doing it wrong", the other said pointing to Hermione's wand. Hermione promptly looked down and blushed heavily. She was holding the wand by the wrong end. After clearing her throat to avoid further embarrassment, she asked them," And what exactly is it that you are trying to do to Harry? And why is he laughing like a mad man?" "I don't know! Ask him", one said trying to cover Harry's mouth once again after he had slipped away. "Fred", Hermione warned. "Actually, I am Fred", the said person pointed out, "However, the thing is that Harry may or may not have eaten the cake that was designed for a couple of Slytherins." "What do you mean?" Hermione whispered sharply. "Tell me everything or the next time I meet Mrs. Weasley, I will remember to mention this particular position you have put Harry into. "Hey! We do not disclose the name of the customers that are willing to buy product from Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes", George said in an indignant tone. "However, we can certainly tell you that Harry ate two cupcakes of something that should not be eaten more than a bite. Moreover, the cake wasn't even meant for him", Fred said grinning like a Cheshire cat. " WHAT" , Hermione screamed. "Ssssssh! Keep your voice down. We do not want anyone to get any idea of what is going on down here", Fred said in a serious voice, "It could be detrimental to our future joke shop." "But you can't leave Harry here to die", Hermione whispered hotly. "He is not dying. We are only trying to subdue him long enough so that we can get time to create the potion for him to recover", Fred said sagely. "What can I do?" Hermione asked in a worried tone. "You sure you want to help us?" George asked and then looked to Fred to affirmation. After receiving a nod, he released Harry and said to Hermione, "Come on, let us get him to the Room Of Requirement". "Why to the Room Of Requirement?" Hermione wondered. "You will keep him busy there long enough so that we can make the anti-drunk potion and administer it to him", Fred panted as he and George hoisted Harry on their shoulders. After a couple minutes of huffing, puffing, wheezing and sweating profusely, the boys were finally able to carry Harry up to the seventh floor where Room of Requirement was present. The moment they reached the far right corner wall, where the room was hidden, Harry gave a violent lurch and dropped down the boys' shoulders like a sack of potatoes. He then sat back down like a person meditating and like an insane person started laughing again. "Careful", Hermione hissed. "Careful, you say! Tell him, to be careful. And how can someone so skinny weigh so much?" Fred asked wiping his sweating brow on the sleeves of his robe. "How are you going to open the door?" Hermione asked one of the twins. She, could not figure out after the previous commotion who was who. "That is for you to figure out. We are off to make the anti-drunk potion. Come on George", Fred said to his twin and they both went away leaving Hermione alone with a giggling Harry. "Harry come on, get up!" Hermione shook him by his shoulders, but he did not bulge, instead he sat there laughing profusely. Sighing, Hermione decided to try open the door to the Room Of Requirement. She started pacing in the open area in front of the wall, muttering, "Help me get Harry to a safe place". But even after several tries, when the door did not open, Hermione went back to Harry and said, "Harry come on, help me open the door". Harry looked at Hermione with a sad expression in his eyes and then got up. He kicked the wall hard, without wincing and started scowling at it. To Hermione's amazement, a door appeared in the wall and swung open inwards. Hermione heard some footsteps coming from the corner and not willing to take a risk, ushered Harry inside the room and closed the door as soon as she got inside. Hermione wished for a couch and one appeared in front of her. She sat Harry on it and went to find some water for him. After she did, she gave Harry a glass, filled it with water and told him to drink. Harry, threw the glass behind and looked at Hermione with dead seriousness in his eyes and then said the words Hermione was least expecting him to say. "I love you", Harry said with full conviction and Hermione blanched. " I LOVE YOU", Harry shouted with all of his might into Hermione's ears and she scrambled backwards cursing him. " I LOVE YOU" , Harry declared once again and then got off the couch and started beating his chest like an angry guerrilla, shouting repeatedly "I LOVE YOU" . "W..W...What are you saying Harry?" Hermione asked blushing. "I love you", Harry said in a softer voice this time. Hermione was flabbergasted. She never in a million years could imagine Harry having such strong feeling about her and then blushed once again remembering the way Harry declared his passionate love for her. Suddenly, Harry sank down on the ground and before Hermione could do anything, began weeping. "Please come back, I can not live without you. Why did you have to go away? Do you not love me anymore? Why? Please come back. Please! PLEASE! ", Harry murmured in a broken voice. Hermione was now more confused than flushed. She did not go anywhere. She was there only. So whom Harry was talking about? She did not know anybody whom Harry loved or even liked a little. Well, there were two things Harry loved more than most- his invisibility cloak and his Nimbus 2000. But none of these items could have resulted in such a violent reaction. After the catharsis was over, Harry stood up once again, came back to Hermione and started declaring why he loved whomever he did and there were no reasons whatsoever that the person Harry was weeping for was not Hermione. "I love your eyes, those deep soulful chocolate eyes", Harry began with utter sincerity. "The deep eyes that are deeper than the deepest of the oceans, even deeper than River Thames. I wish I could sink in these deep eyes and float forever. These chocolate eyes, they remind me of Chocolate Cauldron, which reminds me that I have not eaten anything today. Merlin curse Professor Snape for giving me such a long extra homework just because I did not answer his question- what would you give a person who is diabetic and has eaten lot of chocolate frogs? I mean, come on, I am not diabetic….." Hermione was confused whether Harry was proposing her or taking out his frustrations on her. "Oh sorry, where was I?" Harry looked at Hermione for a clue. "Uh, chocolate eyes", Hermione answered unsure. "Yes, chocolate eyes", Harry began, "your deep chocolate eyes that hold all the secrets of this planet, no world, no, wait,… whatever. Yes, so deep chocolate eyes." After this, Harry took a deep breathe and continued,"Your long, silky, curled, brown hair. It reminds me of the time when I was trapped in the Devil's Snare in our first year. So looooooooong and so brown that I don't know what to say." " NEXT" , Harry shouted as if he were an irritated interviewer and calling for the next candidate. "Yes, the thing that I love most about you is that you are know-it-all." Hermione