Chapter 1: Chapter 1 Letters to him This is not one of the stories about the boy who lived or the downfall of Tom Riddle, it a story of a girl, a girl whose love shone brighter than fire and how the war affected the lives of those who were no involved, how others, innocents became collect oral damage between the war that ranged between the two greatest wizards of our generations. This story is written in remembrance of Katie Aubrey Bell, a girl who defeated even death in her quest for love and life. It is the story of one who died, to protect another over and over again. It wasn't that I didn't want to move on with her life and forget him. I wanted that more than ever, but I was afraid. Every night since the great battle had been hell. Every moment that was spent was a moment spent in regret. When he died, it felt like my happiness died with him. There was not a second in my life after the war when I did not grieve. I needed an outlet and quickly. My friends and family were worried but I was not so weak as to commit suicide. She was stronger than that. I wanted to keep living for his legacy. His son. Fred the second was not in any way related to me. I was just a friend of his father's, that was you by the way in that timeline, but the boy resembled his uncle so much that sometimes I thought that I was five years old and that he was still alive. Truly stupid but uncountable too. I needed a way to stop the tears and heal my heart. But most of all, I had to confess. He never knew and didn't think of me in that way, he was with Ange just like now, just like now, I was more of a sister than a lover. Sitting down one Sunday afternoon I started to write a letter. Dear Fred I love you. Not as a brother or other family figure but truly from the bottom of my heart, I love you. I know that you loved Angelina Johnson and probably still do. She is prettier and smarter. Ange is kinder and sweeter when she wants to. You deserve somebody like her. I hope that one day I will meet you again and I hope that you find peace. I hope you find love. I have already found mine. I know that you are waiting for us all up there with the big guys. I know you are already pranking somebody up there. I hope you are happy and never have to shed a tear. I will always love you Katie Bell I folded up the parchment and kept it in the Weasleys Wizarding Weazes box in the bottom of my wardrobe. Wiping my tears, I walked over to the fireplace and grabbed a fistful of floo powder. I was going to her parents' house for supper. The clock chimed nine as I flooed rather haphazardly into my bedroom. Yes, I was drunk. After a traditional Sunday supper, I decided to head over to the leaky cauldron for a drink or two. It seemed like the Fred thing to do. It's funny how almost everything reminds me of him. It's good in a way. This way he stays alive and a part of my life, even though I will never really see him again, at least not in this life. When I drank there was not much hope for common sense in my actions and so I passed out on the sofa. I love dreams. It's one of the only places where I can be happy. Tonight I dream of all our quidditch practices and of course all the after practice shenanigans. Just in the middle of my favourite part of the dream, I was noisily awaken by a large creature that had flew in threw my fireplace and landed flat on my scowling cat. An owl. Who sends owls in the middle of the night? Heart beating fast, I checked the label, half excepting it to be bad news, the war was gone but not the fear. Looking at the address, I sighed, Well apparently people in Australia like to send me owls without considering the time difference. I ponder over opening it or going back to sleep. I'm already awake and kicking so what the heck, might as well open it. With one sleepy eye I glanced at the important looking stamp at the front. At least now I knew that it isn't junk mail. Skimming through the letter makes me want to read it aloud and fully. Maybe it might sink in. Dear Miss Katie Bell We at Wilson and Smith curse breakers and alchemists(pvt) are honoured to present you with a opportunity to work for our company as a junior alchemist and assistant to potions master. Your reply is much anticipated and would best be given before this coming Saturday. Yours sincerely William Wilson and Gregory Smith I could not believe this. A job offer in Australia. It seems perfect. Too perfect. "Perhaps I am too sleepy and this is just another dream. It's absurd. If I didn't apply to the company then they wouldn't know how to get to me. I need to sleep," I thought before going back to dream about Fred. Why did I have to drink so much and drown my sorrows? I am never thinking of drinking again. My head is throbbing right now. The owl is still there. I wasn't dreaming, I wrote in my dairy the next day. Remember when I said that I kept having moments when something inside said that it would be the Fred thing to do? This was one of those moments. My head was at war. I thought that I should stay and take a job at the local Gringotts. Fred thought that I should go to Australia. Sometimes I think Fred is just the subconscious part of me that wants to have fun. Taking aa good look around my poor excuse for an apartment, I made my decision. A well paying job that I'll be good at seemed like silk next to the cotton idea of staying here. Reaching for a piece of parchment and a quill, I penned a short acceptance to the letter and sent it back with the owl that was now sitting regally on my window sill. Time for a new beginning. I started to neaten up the place and decide what to do with my bank accounts and the flat. Financial decisions. I was rather good at that. I think the thing that I love most about the burrow is its welcoming atmosphere. Cosy little nooks and warm tumbling staircases. It could have been home, I thought then, now it is home. I stumbled in through the front door and draw a deep breath before looking at the people seated in front of me. George. Mrs Weasley. Mr Weasley. Harry. Ginny, Ron and a beaming Hermione. Gathering my Gryffindor courage I stepped forward only to be caught in the arms of Mrs Weasley. "Katie dear, how lovely to see you again, I believe you wanted to say something to us dear," she said with a flourish. My palms sweated as I hoped they would try to persuade me not to go. It was silly really. The owl was already sent and my bag packed. But his family meant the world to him. So they meant something to me too even if they didn't know it. Now they knew it and the it was our family, not his. "Yes Mrs Weasley, I just felt that since you guys were like family during the war and all that I should say goodbye. I'm moving to Australia," I just managed to rush these sentences in under a minute. I looked around the room, not anticipating much. Suddenly George stood up and wobbled over. Engulfing me in a hug he exclaimed his congratulations and wished me the best of luck. Soon after him I found myself in the tightest of embraces from the rest. I put on my best happy face but deep inside my guts I was disappointed. Not a single person there looked even the tiniest big sad at my departure. Now I wonder, what George really felt. Was he sad? Or relieved? Or broken? Confused? What? At exactly nine'o clock the next morning, I stood in my living room, clad in a pair of jeans and a professional looking top. Fumbling with my keys, I walked over to the set of mismatched suitcases and trunk and blinked. My apartment was not a nice place to be. I was glad to be rid of it and its painful memories. At least I hoped I was. The portkey left in five seconds. Five ...Tears threatened to surface Four... I stopped them. I was stronger than that Three... I was ready for this now. Waiting for the new beginning eagerly Two... what could possibly go wrong. Life would be as mundane as ever but it would simply be in Australia. One. ...it was now or never. I felt the familiar tug at my navel and held on to my suitcases for dear life. I was determined to succeed. - portkey arrival- There was a flash and a green light. Naturally I drew my wand as I fell. The war made us all respond quickly to flashes of light. Especially green ones. I blinked. Then I blinked some more. Where in the world was I? Of course I knew that this place would be fancy but I had no idea that the place I would live in would be so so so... swanky! There were high ceilings and glorious golden drapes framing the walls. The wall to my left had a floor to ceiling window and fabulous view of the pool and beach. The floor was tiled in an expensive looking Egyptian tile that was partially covered in a creamy shaggy rug. The furniture coordinated the rest of the room but still contrasted it with its black leather. A tall fireplace occupied one corner and a reading nook the other. I realized that I was now still on the floor when I heard a crash behind me and was pinned like a glue to the floor. Gingerly opening my eyes I found a sandy blonde haired boy staring at me. Correction: a sandy blonde haired man with hellava muscles. He stood, thank Godric, and offered me his hand. I always was friendly at school, except with a few Slytherins so it surprised me when I found myself glaring and spitting out, " Who the HELL are you? " Of course, then I did not know what role this one boy would play in my destiny. He looked at me with raised eyebrows before saying, "I take it that the boss hasn't explained everything yet?" There was laughter in his voice. Slowly I backed away while shooting him odd looks. "I believe a simple floo call can be the most effective solution" it was the best I could come up with. Really. That was the best? Wow. I was clearly pathetic. No wonder Fred. ... never mind. I flooed Mr Smith and soon enough it as confirmed. I had a roommate. Not long after that a slim tall girl with a pair of glasses holding a heavy box waltzed into the lounge. Great, another roommate. What was this? Bombard Katie Bell with roommates day? Or perhaps Godric really does hate me that much. Too much. At least she had more than two brain cells to rub together. She's nice but... she reminds me a little much of Hermione. Hermione was not a nice person contrary to what the world thinks. Especially Fred. He seemed to think that they were angels. Devilish angels they were. Not