*BEEP BEEP BEEP* My right hand creeps out from under the sheets to hit the snooze button for the seventh time this morning. Another cold December morning in the Mellark house. Except today wasn't any ordinary December morning, today was my younger sister Lock's birthday. Her first birthday actually. I turned to the cot only metres away from my own bed, to find it empty, followed by laughter that was unmistakably hers. She has that kind of preciousness to her laugh, the kind that actually makes me smile. She's one of the only people I care about, which is the only thing my personality is like my mothers. She told me her younger sister, Prim, was the only person she cared about. That was at least until she met my Father. They were both part of these big games a few years back called "The Hunger Games", but they don't like to talk about it. Nobody likes to talk about it. Its as if it was something so tragic to strike fear into the whole of Panem. I remember it briefly being mentioned when I was younger in school, but then they brought about the laws of it not being taught in schools, in case history repeats itself. Or something along those lines. I finally start to drift back off into a light sleep when I hear the sound of boots coming up the stairs. Darius, my older brother. "Isn't it about time you come downstairs Wren?" I see him standing at the bottom of my bed, leaning to grab the covers. "Don't do it Darius, you know you'll regret it" I say to him as I strike him a promising look. No matter how much I held onto the covers, he always finds a way to rip them off. At first I just lie there and accept the fact that lying there in the cold is better than getting up and chasing him, and then it clicks. This is Darius I'm dealing with and he's only trying to get me to go downstairs. He's almost like my mother, however has the presence of my father. He's kind and charming to everyone he meets. He makes me look useless. All I do is skip school and hang around the districts and wait for Finn. Ahh Finn. He's a good friend of mine, his mother and mine are good friends, and also used to be with their father until he passed away. But apparently Finn is the image of Finnick in every sense of the name. Stunningly beautiful and extremely kind, no wonder he gets on so well with Darius. No matter how good friends they are, I don't think Finn will ever be as close to Darius as he is with me. On the days I don't go into school he'll always check and pick up some work for me, even though He is two years older and isn't in ANY of my classes. He'll sit with me until I do at least one page of work per subject, then we take a walk at the edge of the forest. Even when I don't go to school I'll walk with him there and back. I guess he's one of the only people who really understand me. Our parents are forever making little jokes about us one day getting married, but that would just be weird! By this point Darius' voice has turned into a blur as he rambles on about some pointless information that I'm not really all that interested in, and before I know it my bed is soaking and even more cold than before. He knows exactly how to push my buttons and I end up chasing him down the stairs in a rage. "Finally she's up! Good morning, sweetheart!" My uncle Haymitch exclaims as he turns to my mother and mutters under his breath "I've told you she's like you" My mother rolls her eyes as she hands me a blanket to keep warm. "The fires on in the corner" she says as she freezes as if in a different universe. She does this often, as does my father. He walks over to her and gently takes her hand and pulls her in closely. It shouldn't, but seeing them like this makes me happy. I know, I know, my traumatised parents shouldn't make me happy, but it brings out the softer side of me, the side that gets happy when I see my parents being there for each other. They won't tell me, but I've come to the conclusion that there's only one thing that could have made them this way: The Hunger Games. The moments of silence is interrupted by that sound of laughter that I love so much. We all turn at the same time to see Lock with a face covered of porridge. "Is little Lockie wanting some of the attention again?" I say in a lightened tone as I walk over to her high chair. I lift her in the air and spin her three times, as she loves, before even considering removing the mess from her face. I place her down in the living area, where all of her presents are still unwrapped. "Now you're up and in a good mood, I suppose we can watch her open the presents now?" My mother gives me as if to say she's been waiting a long time. I look up at the clock to see it's already 11 O'clock. "Sorry" I reply. The present Darius bought for her is the first she grabs and tries to open with a frustrated look taking over her face. When she finally gets the hand of it, her usual smiley face returns at the sight of a new teddy. She's been lost for a few weeks since she dropped her old one. "Fank oo DarDar!" She blows him a kiss and smiles, sweetly at him. After the rest of the presents are opened, I walk over to her and hand her a small box. She takes a moment to examine it before looking me in the eyes to say she doesn't have a clue what it is. I sit next to her and pull her onto my knee, open the box and place the locket around her neck. "A Locket for Lock" I tell her. She says nothing but turns around and wraps her arms around my neck. As everyone is sat at the table drinking tea I'm at the window waiting for Finn. There's snow on the ground outside, like the day Lock was born, except this time it's worse. Is sit for at least an hour before I see him walking from his house in Victors Village, holding Annie's hand to help her in the snow. "Darius, Finn is on his way over, I'm going to help him with Annie" I shout as I'm already out of the door, no coat or shoes, just me pyjamas and blanket. Running over I take the blanket off so I can wrap it around Annie's shoulders. Words aren't needed as greetings between us anymore, we see each other every single day, but with Annie I feel the need to. She does what my parents do, go into these other universe states, but with Annie its worse. They say she's been this way for a while, and after losing Finnick it got worse. My parents were always there to help her though, and she really grew on me as one of the few people I genuinely care about. "Morning Annie!" I say as Finn helps me with the blanket. I turn to Finn and smile and that's it. Comfortable silence. As we hurry up the steps to my house and get Annie inside I can feel my mother giving me the stare. I get if off her so much that I don't question it anymore, I know exactly what she means. I run up the stairs and hop in the shower, clean myself up and put on some nice clothes. Going outside in this weather wasn't the best idea as I can feel my nose running already. "Typical" I hear a voice and look up into my dressing table mirror to see my mother's silhouette standing in the door way. Without responding, my head returns to facing mirror where I attempt my mother's famous plait. "Wren" she says as she walks towards me and takes over with my hair. "You know what tonight is, right?" I nod my head and try to avoid eye contact with her. The night of December 13th is the night of what is known in Panem of Tribute and Fallen ceremony. I don't really know much about it, but I know that My parents go every year, as well as Annie. The past two years Darius and Finn joined, as they both turned 16 prior to the event. My birthday is always a few weeks after the celebration, so this year will be my first. And I know what's coming, she's going to tell me all what it's about. Darius and Finn both know, but they aren't allowed to tell me. Until now that is. "You've heard of The Hunger Games?" My mother says as taking a deep breath, trying to prevent herself from the haunting memories of it. My right hand rises across to my left shoulder where her hands have frozen half way through task. "It's OK" I tell her. I force a smile out, a rare emotion I show to her. She smiles back and gathers the courage to continue. "The Hunger Games was a televised event that took place where two boys and two girls between the ages of 12-18, from each district would be put into an arena to fight to the death" "Even the Capitol?" I ask. "No, the event took place in the Capital. They viewed it as a sport almost. But times are different now, they aren't quite as cruel. Anyways, the 74th Hunger Games came around and there was the process of nomination: The Reaping. My sister, who only had one entry in the reaping, was chosen" She responds. "Prim? Is that how she died?" Hastily I ask. "No, no. She was killed by a man I used to be very fond of. But that's beside the point. I volunteered myself as a tribute, meaning I would take her place in the Games. Your Father, was also reaped" By the point I'm speechless, yet intrigued. She continues "After a while in the arena they decided to change the rules, to where two tributes from the same district could win if they were left standing. Which was obviously us. But at the last minute they changed the rules back, so only one could win. We picked up some berries called Night Lock. The berry Lockie is named after. This would mean if we both ate the night lock, we would die instantly, leaving the Capitol without a winner. As we were about to take our lives they made an announcement, crowning us as the winners of the 74th annual hunger games" Before continuing she took a pause, as if to take in all of the information the same way I was. "That is when things became bad. The whole of Panem started a rebellion, and I was the mockingjay" she told me. "You were a bird?" I asked, very confused. My mother pulls out a badge-like item from her pocket and holds it so I can see what it is. "A mockingjay pin, its beautiful" The only words I could pull from my brain. I was so astonished at how beautiful it was that I genuinely was lost for words. "I was the face of the rebellion, the mockingjay. Then the Quater Quells came along" It seemed almost as If my mother expected me to be fully educated on this terminology she was using. "Quarter Quells?" "Every 25 years of the games there would be the Quarter