Play Pretend The first time I see her, I'm standing outside in a line in front of Buster's. Buster's, a hole-in-the wall diner in the heart of Seattle, historically the best coffee place in town, is only known by true locals. No tourists allowed. Ironically enough, it was in that very diner where my mother first met my father, but when I look back at the day I first met Bella Swan, I'll find nothing ironic about it. Her laughter catches my attention before I actually lay eyes on her. Boisterous laughter bounces off the surrounding high-rises, so loud it startles me enough to place my protective hands on Bree's shoulders and turn to find the source of the sudden noise. I purse my lips when I see a raucous group of girls. Partygoers, still awake at the crack of dawn after a long night of clubbing. A blonde, staggering in height and vaguely familiar is the first woman I notice. She's young. They're all young. Twentyish. Blondie's got long, thick hair and unfriendly ice-blue eyes, a contrast to the grin on her face. Her left arm is locked with one belonging to a shorter girl with dark features and a pointy nose. Her hair is ink black and fifties pin-up style. Her clothes are short, tight, and grungy. The happiness in her eyes isn't forced. She smiles at me, but it's wrong. It's wrong because the third girl's looking at me, and when I return her gaze, there's nothing else I see besides her. Loose, brown curls fan around her face, tickling the top of her tits hidden under a thin top, and what lovely tits they are. Small, perky, still maintaining the roundness of youth, before time and all that comes with that dreaded four-letter-word really kicks in. She's wearing clothes as short and tight and revealing as her friends. Her body is perfection, nothing like the salacious blonde or as gaunt as the dark-haired stick figure walking beside her. Her smile twists into a smirk once she notices me staring a beat too long. There's a hickey on her neck and glitter on her eyelids, and when she laughs at something the shorter girl says she throws her entire body into it. They pass the forming line of people behind me, noses in the air. Perky Tits shoulder checks me as she walks by. "Hey," someone grumbles, but it's not me. I don't say a word. I'm too focused on the jiggle of her ass in those shorts and on forcing down the erection threatening to happen. It's been too long. Perky pivots and runs her hands through her hair. Bright red lipstick is smeared in one corner of her swollen mouth. She's been kissed, and kissed thoroughly. The thought makes me sullen. Scoffing at my ridiculousness, I drop my gaze and squeeze Bree's shoulders, but she's glaring at the women cutting the line, paying no attention to me. Hands on her hips. Wordless. Her disgusted stare says it all. She's her mother's daughter. One look and you know exactly how she feels, but at nine-years old not many people notice. "Quit cutting and get in line like everyone else," the guy behind me says. He's a thick man with meaty fists and buttery-armpits on his graying shirt. A yellow hard hat sits high on his head. "We ain't got all day. Some of us have jobs to get to, girlies." "And we don't?" the blonde asks, laughing. She's braless too, but her tits are bigger. Porny. Unattractive, to me at least. Construction Guy's thrown off his game for a split second, his eyes lingering below Blondie's neckline. She sneers at his prying eyes. "Don't worry, fat ass. We'll leave ya a few dozen donuts." Construction Guy finds his composure, squinting at her with his hazel eyes. "Gotta grab some coffee, and catch your second wind, huh? Bet your boss won't fire you for being a few minutes late. That pole'll still be waiting." He nudges me and winks. "Strippers," he says, nodding at the group. "Or hookers. Been at it all night. This area's turning into a shithole." I want to sink into the pavement. I want to tell him he's a presumptuous asshole. I want to do a lot of things, but what I end up doing is covering my daughter's ears with my hands once the true vulgarities slip between Blondie's lips. Nose-to-nose, the indecent blonde and the fleshy man scream until they're both red in the face. I'm jittery. Nervous. I'm not a confrontational kind of guy. It's not that I'm a pussy or anything. Drama-filled days of the past few years exhausts my memory till this day. The line moves forward during the fuss and I urge Bree ahead. We shuffle past the group. Perky's eyes are on my hands. "Cute kid." Her voice is concert-crowd raspy. "Daddy." Her lips move in slow motion. Her tongue assaults the word. I want to smash her against the building and suck her tongue into my mouth. The thought blinds me. My heart speeds. I realize my hands are still on Bree's ears and I feel like a tool. I drop them, my left thumb spinning the loose gold band on my ring finger. Perky watches the motion, raising a challenging eyebrow and shrugs. I ignore Perky, convinced she's a dark angel sent to drag me to hell. The girls leave, sans coffee, and now I'll never see her again. "Daddy, can we go to the park after breakfast?" Bree's tugging on my shirt. By her impatient frown, it seems like she's been tugging on it for a while. Snapping out of my Perky-induced haze, I nod, ruffling her hair. "Sure thing, kid. Sure thing." Mt. Rainier appears to be floating in the distance. Early morning clouds drift slowly by the monstrous mountain far below the peak. The Space Needle is closer to where we stand, appearing to be taller, scraping the sky with its peaked point. The view never grows old. I squint and cup my hand over my eyes, cell in hand. Angie teases me for my photo obsession. Guess I've moved along with the times, capturing each minute and uploading everything I see on social media. Anything to occupy my time, to keep me busy from losing my mind. "Can we puh-lease go to the playground now?" Bree taps her foot, arms crossed over her chest. Never have I felt so old as I did climbing the hill to see this view. Bree whined the entire hike up, glancing over her shoulder at the playground we'd left behind. "It's your day, kid. Whatever you want." I give her a soft smile and she brightens, grabbing my hand and dragging me along. I follow her to the little playground area. The playground is shit. People don't come to this park to play. The view is the selling point. We pass several tourists on the way to the playground: cameras and cells in hand, different accents chatting in an excited rush. I feel stupid even being here. A permanent tourist trapped in this God-forsaken city. Bree flings herself onto a swing and I sit on one of the few benches in the empty playground area. A small crowd gathers minutes later. Kids join her on the playground. I exchange smiles with the adult park dwellers. They deposit themselves on benches, some in pairs, some alone. There's a couple of single dads hanging out. They're jittery, glancing around the park. Waiting on someone. When a brown-eyed girl enters my field of view, they grow still. Jesus Christ. What's she doing here? Her face is scrubbed clean, apart from that damn red lipstick. She's ditched her club clothes for an abdomen-bearing white shirt and torn jean shorts. Still no bra. Slightly puffy nipples topped with pebbled peaks bounce with each step she takes. Her skin glows in the sunlight and her cell brightens in her hand. Something glitters from her navel. I want to fuck her so bad I can't stand it, and she's walking this way. For the first time since I've entered the park, I focus all my attention on my daughter, who's hanging upside down on the monkey bars. "Bree, don't fall." The panic in my voice is legit. I may not be the best father, but that kid's my everything. I've already lost everything else. If something happened to her, I might as well stop existing. "Please don't fall, baby." "I won't, Daddy." She works herself down from the bars and cuts across the playground with another little girl hot on her heels. My shoulders relax and I lean back on the bench, nearly coming undone when I realize Perky's sitting beside me, half-turned on the bench, phone tucked away. We stare at each other for what feels like an eternity. Finally, she pulls a cigarette from behind her ear. "Hey, Daddy. Got a light?" I shake my head. "Sorry, no. Never picked up the habit." Damn, I'm not sure what I thought she'd say. Coincidence seeing you here. Noticed you staring at my tits earlier. Fuck off, you old jerk. "Bummer. I need nicotine something serious." She shrugs and the cigarette returns to its place behind her ear. "Maybe one of the other dads has a light." "Maybe." Bree's staring at me from the bottom of the slide. I kind of want Perky gone now. Bree's got a big mouth. She'll blab to Angie about the girl in the park and I'll never hear the damn end of it. My mind conjures up the imaginary argument we're probably gonna have and my exhaustion grows tenfold. I'm already making up excuses for why I'm talking to the strange, young woman in the park, prepping myself for an inevitable war. Why do I do this to myself? Is it worth it? Perky's voice snaps me out of my thoughts. "I saw you staring at my tits. Earlier. At the coffee shop." Her face is serious. For a split second, I think I'm imagining her words. When that split second fades away, I worry she's gonna slap me in front of the growing crowd but she doesn't. If anything, she scoots closer, her leg bumping into mine. "I live around the corner from Buster's. When I saw you leave I followed you here." "I—I'm sorry." I fumble for more words. They don't appear. "Don't be." She runs her fingers through her hair, lifting the heavy mess off her neck. "So are you down?" "Excuse me?" "Are you down?" "Down to what?" Perky giggles. "Are you down to fuck?" I nearly choke on my own spit. "What?" She laughs that throaty, loud laugh. "The way you were looking at me at the coffee shop. You looked like you were down to fuck." Construction Guy wasn't lying. This girl's a prostitute. I glance around the park expecting to find an undercover lurking in the bushes or hiding behind a newspaper, but all I see are glaring, red-faced fathers, mothers, nannies and their rambunctious kids. "I'm, uh, I've never slept with someone I don't know." "Fine." She drops her hair back on her shoulders and leans heavily on the back of the bench, one side of her face resting on her arm. "What do ya wanna know?" I wanna know what you sound like when you moan. I wanna know how your legs feel wrapped around my waist, your heels pressing into my ass. I wanna know how you sound when you beg for more. Most of all, I wanna know your name. All those questions dwindle in the forefront of my mind, but the one of utmost importance blasts inside my head. "Do you do this a lot?" Perky's face is blank page. Utterly unreadable. "I'm not a hooker, if that's what you're asking. I'm horny is all, and you're just my type. You're what, thirty-four, thirty five? Settled. Bored. Wondering if there's more. Hoping like