Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. This fiction is rated 'M' for a reason. There is death mentioned throughout the chapters. No forewarnings of character death will be mentioned past this one. As I am only allowed to pick two genres, I would like to make a clarification before this fic begins. This fic is labeled drama/romance, but also contains suspense/action/mystery and periods of angst. This story is dedicated to J.R. Hood 1958-2006 A true 'King' in his own right And for his daughter J.R. Marcy 1977-2007 I miss your smile, your infectious laugh, your friendship, but most of all I miss your determination to be greater than the circumstances in which you were born and your eventual need to just follow your heart. My memories of you haunt me every day. This one's for you. Chapter One: The Death of a King War is the trade of Kings ~John Dryden~ Bella Swan, age 12 They said the man in the long, shiny wooden box was my daddy, but I didn't believe that was my daddy. My daddy's skin was warm and ruddy from working on his old pickup truck in driveway. Days of lingering beneath the hot, Mississippi sun left his skin heavily tanned and leathered, leaving small cracks and wrinkles on the surface. The man in the box was pale and cold. His hands were strategically placed one over the other, the golden wedding ring on his ring finger looking suspiciously like the one my father wore. The gray dress suit he wore was the color of charcoal and I knew immediately that the man wasn't my father, for my father never wore a suit, not even to church. And he especially wouldn't wear the light pink, silk tie that was tucked so neatly beneath the dead man's starched, white collar. Pink is a color for girls, and my daddy's a manly man. A matching pink handkerchief peaked out from the front of the man's suit jacket pocket. The wooden box was shut near his waist and covered in a beautiful spray of flowers, bursting in reds and yellows with huge, glossy leaves springing out between the blooms, their scent lingering over the man like an invisible cloud. My father loved flowers, particularly the ones planted lovingly by my mama in the flower beds surrounding our home. My daddy was shot in the head by a Cullen, my family's archenemy. My Uncle Aro told me so. The man in the box didn't have a hole in his head. He had a bushy brown mustache and thick sideburns like my daddy, but no bullet hole. Wouldn't there be a hole? I knew there was no hole because I looked really hard when Aro walked with me, hand in hand, to see the man while Aro spoke to my Uncle Marcus. My Uncle Marcus was the burliest of my father's brothers, standing over six feet tall with thick muscles and darkly tanned skin, and his son, my cousin Emmett, looked just like him even at twelve years old. All the Swan men looked very much alike, sporting the same dark hair and dark eyes, such a deep chocolate color, appearing almost black at times. The name 'Cullen' came up over and over as they whispered to one another. It was a name I'd heard my whole life, all twelve years of it. Uncle Aro let me touch the man's face when I leaned over the box. My fingers brushed against his cheek, and I was shocked at the coolness and hardness that I felt below my fingertips. If he'd just open his eyes, I'd know for sure if he was my daddy, because my daddy has big, brown eyes, the color of warm cocoa...eyes that matched my own. Aro escorted me away from the box and I finally sat next to my mama and sister on the second wooden pew near the front of the funeral home, the man resting in an eternal slumber tucked neatly in his box a few feet away. My sister sat in our mama's lap, a solemn expression on her face. She was a year younger than me at eleven, and very pretty with inky black hair that flowed down her back in large waves. She had dainty features and big, brown eyes that were normally blissful and twinkling. Today they are solemn and fixed above our heads. I followed her gaze and saw a moth resting on the ceiling of the room, his dark, satiny wings standing out sharply against the faded white ceiling. Alice's eyes never moved as she stared at the insect, lost in her own world, a world that few of us understood. She did that from time to time, traveled somewhere in her own head, completely unaware of the things happening around her. My daddy said Alice was special...my mama said she was crazy, but she was still my mother's favorite child. I was too serious, too quiet for my mother. She didn't understand me or my love of the galaxy, for science, poetry or my love of reading anything I got my hands on. No, I was my father's child, his pensive little hunting and fishing buddy. He loved Alice to no end, but he seemed to understand my quiet nature. Although I daydreamed, I never lost focus of my surroundings the way Alice could. My parents found Alice's oddities enduring but deep down I knew my sister wasn't like other kids our age. She was different, but then again, we all were, the Swan family, that is. My mother began crying and Aro left his place near Uncle Marcus to bring her a wad of tissues, sitting beside her and murmuring gently in her ear as he wrapped a comforting arm around her shoulders. My mother's body quaked and shuddered as she sobbed, but Alice never flinched as she sat in Mama's lap, staring up above. Mama used the wadded tissue to dry her tear stained cheeks, trails of mascara lingering below her hazel eyes. Aside from her ruined makeup, my mother looked very pretty in her fitted black dress. Her short, auburn hair was curled at the ends and shone beneath the small, gold chandeliers hanging overhead. The room was full of family, friends, and flowers. Some of the flower arrangements were from judges and lawyers; crooks that my daddy called his friends. My father called them 'the Southern elite' or 'the good 'ole boys' and he loved surrounding himself with them. The heavy, somber scent of carnations was a trademark scent of death in my mind. Funerals were a way of life, a social event of sorts, and unfortunately I'd been dragged to more funerals in my short life than I liked. It seemed like more people died in my family than anyone else's. Later in life, I'd find out exactly why. Across the room, amidst my other family members, sat one of my favorite cousins, Emmett. Emmett's deep brown eyes locked on mine, looking despondent and worried. At the time I couldn't figure out why he was so worried. That wasn't his favorite uncle, his fishing buddy in that wooden box. That man wasn't Charlie Swan. That was a mannequin, laying in an infinite, waxy rest. Emmett's eyes broke free of mine and the church suddenly went silent, all eyes turning to the door of the church where a tall, handsome man and a little boy entered. The man and the boy both wore crisp matching suits, but that's where their similarities ended. The man was strikingly handsome, looking to be in his late twenties with pale blonde hair and sparkling, crystal-blue eyes, the color of the sky on a clear, summer day. The boy at his side was no older than me with a mess of unruly bronze hair, the oddest color I'd ever seen. The strands were too long, flopping in his eyes. The boy's eyes scanned the crowd gawking at them in the church before they landed on mine. The shade of his eyes would forever be embossed in my mind, for they reminded me of the wild ferns that grew in the sloughs below my grandparents house, where me, Alice and our cousins loved to play and catch small, skinny, slithering snakes during the summertime. The boy's lingering gaze caused me to shift uncomfortably in the pew, and he seemed to sense my unease. The boy quickly broke his eyes away from mine as he followed the tall man down the center isle, casually approaching us near the front of the chapel in the funeral home. A bouquet of white lilies were clutched in his hands, his long, slender fingers wrapped around the deep green stems. The petals were flushed yellow at the base and they were the most beautiful flowers I'd ever seen, far more beautiful that the flowers that covered the man in the box. Someone shifted beside me and I turned around in the pew, breaking free from my rude staring as Aro stood up. His face was a mask of bitterness before he covered it with an indifferent look. Aro stood uncomfortably near where my mother sat as the blonde man, and the boy approached the dead man. The boy cast one last curious glance my way before he and the man met their destination. The blonde man leaned down, whispering something in the boy's ear; the boy nodded, his eyes glancing over the slumbering man in the box. They stood there for several minutes before turning to the line of family members who stood near the box, my uncles, aunts and cousins. My grandmother sat on the front pew, but stood up unsteadily at the sight of the blonde man and child, shuffling from the main area of the church as one of my aunts assisted her, glaring over her shoulder at the two visitors who were unfamiliar to me. Uncle Felix shook the man's hand with a scowl, in fact, all of my family members shared the same matching scowl as the noble-looking man smiled somberly at them. Mama's sobs faded away as she scooped Alice up like a baby, mumbling something about checking on Nana. She shuffled out of the room, Alice's chocolate colored eyes finally leaving the moth on the ceiling to meet mine. "You see that man, Isabella?" I heard my Uncle Aro whisper as he sat back down on the pew, scooting next to me. Following his harsh glare, my eyes landed on the blonde man who now stared directly at me, causing my heart to jump in my throat in shock. "Yes, sir," I replied quietly, in a low whisper, taking slow, deep breaths. The man had his hand placed softly on the little boy's shoulder and was bent slightly at the waist, whispering in his ear as well as they watched us, mirroring us. I wondered if they were having the same conversation that we were. "That's Carlisle Cullen," he said quietly, indicating the blonde man who stood a short distance away. "That little boy is his nephew, Edward. Carlisle and the little boys' father, Edward Sr., were brothers." I nodded my understanding, my young mind mapping out the relationship of the two males standing nearby. "Edward's father died not too long ago and Carlisle raises the boy now as his own. Carlisle Cullen...he's the king now, now that your daddy is gone," my uncle mumbled, his dark eyes staring deeply into mine. I'd heard people refer to my daddy as a king. I never understood what they meant. We lived in a pretty decent house compared to others in our poverty-stricken state of Mississippi, but it wasn't a castle. It was a lake house, a house that my father and grandfather built with their own hands before Alice