Wounded Sequel: Fate Chapter One Description: This is the sequel to my previous story, Wounded! I got an overwhelming response to that story, and I thank each and every one of my readers for encouraging the sequel, and staying with me through my stories, even when I get chapters that are delayed. Thank you all for your wonderful reviews, and your continued support. This is a continuation into the lives of the Blackwater pairing, and takes place about two months after Emily had the baby. Jacob's point of view It was horrible. Absolutley horrible. Sam and Emily's newborn baby was colic. No matter where you went in their house, for a pack meeting, if it; or rather, he; a brand new baby boy, named Benjamin Levi Uley, was awake, you would hear him all over the house. Especially with our wolf hearing. Ben was a name Emily loved for years, and Levi was after Sam's great-grandfather. As a few of us accumulated outside Sam's residence, we could still hear poor Benjamin crying. I felt like covering my ears like a child, it was that bad. "Good God, does he ever be quiet?" Leah laughed. When the baby was first born, it had been hard for her. She always thought it would be her and Sam's child, after all. They had names picked out and everything from a young age. Although it bugged me there was still a part of her that cared for him, even now, I accepted that it would take time for all her feelings for him to go away. Maybe all of them never would; your first everything stays with you, that I knew. Therefore, I understood Leah's pain when the baby was born, even though she insisted she was fine, and was happy for them. Since then, however, she'd taken on, well, a rather motherly role, in addition to Emily, to Benjamin. Even though she still wasn't too fond to be around either Sam or Emily, the baby... Well, she told me once, that she liked Ben (that's what she called him) because he was everything that no one else seemed to be; innocent, pure. I had a feeling she was intent on keeping him that way; away from the hurt of the world. Part of me thinks she also felt somewhat obligated to be the universal babysitter on her nights off, due to her everlasting connection to Sam and Emily, despite her wishes. It all started when Emily had a doctors appointment one night. Sam was patrolling, and Emily felt Sue one of the few people she trusted with the small child. He wasn't any older than a newborn then, and Sue couldn't refuse the small child's company. Leah had been home, and couldn't help herself from falling in love with the child, despite it's parents, and their role in making him. Oh yeah, Leah also got a part-time job at the local bookstore. It was good for her, I could tell. Although she spent quite a lot of her time iscolating herself from other people, watching her working was amazing. She rellished in the attention of the others; being able to make conversation. And when there were no customers, she either sat by herself and read one of the million books that surrounded her, or talked to one of the younger employees there, Jenna. It was like watching a flower flourish. Life was still far from perfect, but it was nice to finally seemed to catch a break, her and I. "He's a baby, Jake," Leah informed me. "He's supposed to cry." "Not that much!" Embry groaned, leaning against a tree in Sam's yard. Since the birth of Sam's baby, Embry and him also decided to go and take a leap forward. They went and got their DNA ran against one anothers, and turns out, Embry was Sam's half-brother, therefore causing him to be a godfather of little Ben, in addition to his godmother, Leah. Sometimes it seemed like Leah was pretty close to digging herself out of the hole she was in, but other times, it was harder to picture her as strong and resilliant. She still had her ups and downs; good days, and bad. But the good days started to become more frequent and even the guys realized it. I was glad for the change, and even if being around Sam and Emily's baby hurt her, I knew it also filled a void she had for children of her own. At least, that's what blondie always said about Renesmee, and I figured it was the same principal. Back to reality, I saw Leah pacing at the edge of the forest as we waited for Sam to enter the front lawn to give patrol orders. It was only Sam, Leah, Embry and I today. Finally, after what seemed like an hour, Sam emerged from the small house. Leah still had a hard time facing him as an alpha considering their past. It was hard to take orders from someone from your past, who you knew as another, completely different person, she had once told me. "Alright, Embry, you're with me. Jake, Leah," he said, trying to hold the animosity from his voice as he paired us together. "You take the inside lines, and we'll take the outside perimeter." Sam still wasn't completely convinced of my and Leah's relationship. Mainly, he worried one of us - me, in particular - would imprint and hurt the other. He said he couldn't handle seeing Leah torn up again, though he kept his worries from her mind. We all entered the woods, and quickly undressed, tying our clothes on our legs, and transforming into our second bodies. I shook my fur out once I was in my large brown form, and snorted. It felt so nice to be able to let go and just run. I turned when I heard Leah's voice in my head, signifying that she, too, had phased. I faced the smaller, grey wolf and grinned wolfishly, licking the fur on the side of her face that was stuck up from the wind. She cringed away. Jake! She cried. Ew! You should be used to Jacob's mouth over you now, Lea- Embry cut off as he and Sam rounded the corner, and Sam gave him a death-glare. Leah's thoughts were loud and clear, and Embry and I fought back fits of howling in replacement of laughter at Leah's expense. Sorry, Lee, Embry thought as Sam told us to disperse. Still, we were mentally connected and I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not. We still on for tonight, Lee? I asked her as we ran, dodging trees in the process. Yep, she said simply as we felt three more minds join us: Quil, Jared and Paul. Lovely, Leah grumbled. Nice to see you, too, Leah, Jared teased. What are you guys up to? Sam asked. Bored, Paul replied. Rachel's off with Kim on some shopping expedition, so we figured we could come intrude on your party. Always welcome, Sam replied contently. So Leah! Quil mused. How're you and Jakie-boo? Cut it out, she muttered. How're you and Clairey-poo? The guys smirked, and I sighed. Perfect as usual! Quil replied. Is she still making you play dolls with her, dude? Paul asked. Oh be quiet, I don't mind. It makes her happy. You're soon going to be her own personal doll if you keep playing, Leah remarked. I'll start worrying if you start showing up for patrol in dresses. You and Jake tried it doggie-style yet? Paul chortled toward Leah. The endless joke of the century, I was sure. Leah, however, didn't find it as funny as the other guys did. All the guys but one. Enough , Sam's alpha comand came in loud and clear, and the guys immediately shut up. So not even funny, I commented. I wasn't sure which shut Paul up more; the command, or Leah. Leah pounced on his back, in wolf form, and took him to the ground. That's my girl. They grappled, strength against strength for a few minutes. Leah had him pinned pretty good, but Paul was stronger, and he shoved her off not long after the attack. Control your wifey, Paul grumbled, shaking out his fur as he bumped Leah purposely on passing her. I'm surprised with her temper she doesn't have ginger fur. My temper? Leah countered. We all knew Paul's temper was, in fact, the worst since day one. He was learning slowly how to control it more and more, but he still lagged behind even the newest wolves. Paul grunted, and let it roll off of him as we all resumed duty, much to Sam's content. So how's the new baby? Jared asked. We were all hoping that Sam would soon say 'quiet', but no such luck today. Still colic. Short and sweet. He finally went down for a nap, which is why I was a little late for patrol. You know Emily can take care of it herself sometimes, right? Leah asked. She wasn't being rude, and Sam realized that before she spoke. It was for the betterment of the tribe; so he wouldn't be late. I know. I just like helping. Leah understood and dropped it. No leech smells here today, cheif, Seth jumped into the conversation, phasing as well. Sam grinned. That's what I like to hear. Why don't we all go back to the house. Emily's cooking burgers. All the wolves just about fawned over each other as they changed direction; back to Emily's, in a heated race to see who could get there first and get the most hamburgers. Leah stayed back and watched them, shaking her big furry head before going behind a cluster of trees and slipping her dress back onto her now human body. I realized Leah wasn't going, and hung back, too, returning to my human body. "Not hungry?" I asked as she emerged from the brush. "Not really," she replied before hesitating. "Well, a little." I grinned. "Come on, let's go back. It won't be that bad. Maybe Ben's up from his nap?" She rolled her eyes, but she couldn't resist the temptation of the baby. We ran back, in our human forms, chit-chatting along the way before Emily's house finally came into view, along with the large group of oversized boys sitting outside on the porch, and the grass, eating."Quickie, huh?" Embry teased. Jacob rolled his eyes, but Seth was the one who answered. "Ew, guys I'm right here." This evoked laugter from Embry and Quil, who, lately, couldn't stop teasing us. "Sorry, little bro." "You guys are hilarious," Leah mused before Emily came out, Sam in tow. "Hey Lee," she said happily. "Want something to eat? Jacob?" "For sure," I responded as Leah nodded in acceptance as well. Emily ushered us inside and Leah followed behind me as she grabbed some paper plates and filled them with burgers. She gave me mine, first, then Leah. The relationship between the cousins was still awkward and strained, but Leah was a lot more at ease than she had been. "Benjamin's awake," Emily informed her. "If you want to go see him." It was funny how a baby could bring people together. "Definitely," Leah said, laying her plate down on the kitchen table before disappearing upstairs, into the nursery. I winked to Emily before going back outside with the guys. Leah's point of view The door to the nursery creaked as I opened it and stepped inside. The walls were baby blue, a typical color. If I had a baby, I would probably opt for green for a boy, and purple for a girl. Blue and pink were too mainstrem. I left the door slightly ajar as I heard the soft coos coming from the crib on the far side of the room, up against the window, which was drawn closed, and covered with thick navy drapes. There were toys