Okay, everyone, my sequel to "The Other Dursley." I hope you guys will like it. And this is a rewritten version. Hopefully, it's a bit better now. AUTHOR'S NOTE: I DO NOT OWN Harry Potter. All rights to both the books and films go to the wonderful J.K. Rowling and Warner Bros. Jemma Dursley and the Phoenix Soul Reborn Chapter 1: Another Normal Day A winged snake. Of all things, it had to be a winged snake. Take one of the things she feared most, put wings on it, and you had a mind monster to plague your dreams. The snake was horrifying to look at. Its fierce red eyes narrowed into dangerous slits; its muddy green-scaled body coiling; and slithering through the air as its enormous bat-like wings flapped at a steady rhythm while it searched for its prey. She was scared. No, she was plain terrified . But she had to push away her fear for now. She couldn't afford to be afraid now. Not when she was flying hundreds of feet above the ground, without the foggiest on how she was flying in the first place. Not while she was dodging wayward curses and jinxes being fired from the throngs of people down below. Not when the monster of her nightmare had found its target. When she dove down to pursue the damn thing, she realized that she was at Hogwarts. But it wasn't the Hogwarts she knew from when she was little. As she flew down until she was practically gliding just a foot above the people's heads, she could see that Hogwarts had become a battleground. Some of the towers had collapsed, bits of stone littered the ground... along with the bodies. There was a shout, a burst of bright green light, and one came crashing through one of the windows. Just her luck, she was flying underneath and she frantically careened to avoid getting taken down along with the body as shattered glass rained down. Horrified screams and a loud hiss got her attention and she lifted her head to see the winged snake far ahead. Beating her wings at a furious pace, she flew towards it and got a glimpse of what the snake had its eyes on. Down on the ground, standing and covered in battle grime, was a determined-looking young man pointing his wand at the scaly winged creature. The snake drew its head back and opened its mouth, revealing venomous fangs the size of lances. It was going to kill him. Her voice came out, sounding like her normal voice but with a melodious ring to it, as she screamed the man's name... "HARRY!" The sound of her alarm clock's beeping brought 12-year-old Jemma Dursley out of her troubled dream; and she gasped as she woke up. Furiously blinking her eyes to get rid of the image of the winged snake from her nightmare, Jemma slowly breathed in and out until her heart stopped beating fast in her chest. Once she had calmed down, Jemma glanced at her clock. It was 5AM in the morning. And it was a Saturday. "Ugh... Stupid early riser's habit..." Jemma groaned, sinking back into the covers, and tried to sleep again. However, once Jemma was up, she was up. Getting out of bed, Jemma decided to put her room in order. Her bed, a pile of fluffy white pillows and red and yellow blankets, was made. Hedwig, her stuffed Snowy Owl who had been a birthday present from her older brother, Dudley, was placed on top of her neatly folded blankets. Moving on to her desk, Jemma grabbed the crumpled up balls of drawing paper, a couple of empty sweet wrappers, and tossed them into the bin. A sketchpad lay open on the desk, showing a finished drawing of a phoenix that had yet to be colored. Making a mental note to color the drawing later, Jemma went to her closet and opened it. She hastily grabbed a gray flannel jumper, track pants, and a pair of socks before changing into them. Pulling on her red trainers and wearing her watch, Jemma tossed her nightclothes into the hamper near her bedroom door. She might as well head out for a run while the day was still early and fresh. Opening the door as quietly as possible, Jemma tiptoed out of her room and found herself standing in the narrow hallway of her family's apartment. The door right next to hers led to Dudley's room while the door next to that led to her parents' room. Hearing her father's loud snoring coming down the hall, Jemma quietly made her way to the kitchen and fixed herself a light breakfast of jam and toast. Nibbling her toast cautiously, as if the slightest sound of chewing would wake her parents or brother up, Jemma looked through the large window in the apartment's living room. She could see the entire street from down below because their apartment was on one of the highest floors. An old man was crossing the street, waving hello to the police constable, while a newspaper salesman was going about his early morning work in delivering the newspapers. A young lady had just opened her boutique and was, now, fixing the displays in the front window. 'Just another normal day in London,' Jemma thought as she finished her breakfast. Bringing a water bottle and some dried fruit with her, Jemma left the apartment at 5:45AM. The elevators in the apartment building stayed operational 24/7 so Jemma didn't need to hurry up the stairs to get to the highest floor. Five minutes later, she reached the apartment's rooftop. Jemma made her way to the edge and kept an eye on the skies. At exactly 6AM, right on time, her friend arrived. A magnificent phoenix, the size of a peregrine falcon, landed gracefully on the ground with a newspaper clutched in its golden beak. "Morning, Seraphine. What news do you bring?" Jemma smiled as she held out the dried fruit in exchange for the newspaper. The phoenix's voice, female, sounded in Jemma's mind as she pecked at the fruit contentedly. 'Well, according to the Daily Prophet, more Death Eaters are being rounded up... Ooh, dried apple, my favorite... Kingsley Shacklebolt's passed Arthur Weasley's new Muggle Protection Act with some help from Hermione Granger... Ron Weasley's considered his greatest achievement to be having been included in the famous witches and wizards for the Chocolate Frog cards... Ick, prunes... Let's see... what else...?' As Seraphine paused to think, Jemma eagerly read through the newspaper Seraphine had brought without looking at the moving pictures until she found a certain picture that made her heart ache with longing. A young man with unruly black hair and bespectacled eyes stood next to someone wearing grand wizard robes and the article's title read out in bold print: Harry Potter to Join Ministry's Auror Department Written by: Kickis Trecus Shortly after helping Hogwarts and the Ministry of Magic rebuild in the wake of the Second Wizarding War, Harry Potter has decided to apply for training to become an Auror alongside his fellow Hogwarts classmate (and new co-proprietor of Weasley's Wizard Wheezes alongside his brother, George Weasley) Ronald Weasley. Most of the wizarding world knows Mr. Potter as the famous "Boy Who Lived" and, most recently, "Saviour of the Wizarding World" after defeating the infamous Dark Lord, You-Know-Who... 'You-Know-Who's name is VOLDEMORT or, as I like to call him, "Nasty Dark Wizard with a Name So Stupid." Really, Seraphine, you'd think they'd ought to be using his real name now, would you?' Jemma telepathically snorted to her phoenix (who was now pecking at the dried prunes without much gusto). 'You have to understand that it's only been a year, Jem. A lot of people are still on edge because of the damage the war had caused. And the news of some Death Eaters still roaming about the country helps in keeping fear alive. I even heard that some 11-year-olds were held back from attending Hogwarts last year because of the war. Wonder how they'll be sorted into their Houses this term...' Seraphine told her, looking at the young girl with inquisitive brown eyes. Shrugging, Jemma went back to reading the article. Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley were unavailable for an interview. Gawain Robards, current head of the Auror Office, was nonetheless delighted about hearing of Mr. Potter's desire to become an Auror. "Mr. Potter's feats of daring bravery along with his extensive experience of fighting the Dark Arts will prove to be a tremendous asset in the path he's chosen. Why, I wouldn't be surprised if he'll rise among the ranks to become the next head of this department very soon! Along with Mr. Weasley, an equally experienced and daringly brave wizard, I daresay that I've got my work cut out for me training the new recruits..." Robards commented during the interview... "Get rid of one dark wizard, then, move onto the next one. Classic Harry..." Jemma sighed, shaking her head in amusement, before folding up the paper. She would add this to her secret stash later when she got back from her morning run. Seraphine, having now abandoned the prunes, flitted over to her. 'Meet you at the park?' she asked Jemma, who smiled as she glanced at her watch. "It is now 6:30AM and I shall meet you there in, perhaps, 30 minutes?" she challenged her. Seraphine ruffled her magnificent plumage and spread her wings. 'I'll be betting you wouldn't be able to resist stopping by the zoo to greet your other friends. I'll see you at 7:30!' she telepathically replied with a slight laugh to her voice. "Ah, you know me too well, Ser'. I'll see you in a bit," Jemma laughed and, as her feathered sister flew off, headed back inside the building and took the elevator all the way down to the first floor. Taking a swig from her water bottle, Jemma took off into the streets at a run. She passed by several shops, waving cheerfully to the owners as they opened for the day, and breathed in the early morning London air. As she rounded a corner, Jemma saw the apartment building she, her family, and several other ordinary families lived in rising in the distance. Compared to the quiet suburbs of Little Whinging, London was bursting with activity even at the early hours of the day. This proved to be quite fitting for Jemma, lively spirit that she was. She simply loved traversing the streets to see what was going on outside. Currently, it was nearing the end of her summer holidays. In a few weeks time, she would be heading off to school for her second term. Jemma was going to miss roaming around London any hour she wished. She would miss taking summer classes in fencing, too, as well as volunteering at the London Zoo's aviary... 'If only summer lasted just a tiny bit longer...' Jemma thought as she ran like the wind through the streets with the birds flying overhead and chirping noisily to her. Jemma and her family moved to London the summer of 1997 and exactly one year had passed since she learned that her wizard cousin vanquished the Dark Wizard, Lord Voldemort. During that time, her parents did everything they could to make sure that they would start fresh and have a normal life that they hoped would stay that way. Dudley got into various contact sports while Jemma found a fencing instructor living nearby and began to do volunteer work at the London Zoo's aviary, where she became a favorite among its inhabitants. Her parents, however, still wanted her to be as ordinary as possible so they made sure to keep a watchful eye on their young daughter in case she had any ideas of doing something remotely rebellious or scandalous. But during weekends, Jemma had free reign and could do whatever she wanted... as long as her parents