Hey, guys! I'm back, from my super long hiatus that ended up being way longer than I had planned, which, by the way, I am super sorry about. But, I'm back now, and I am ready to start posting my newly updated chapters to this story! If you haven't read this before, I will post a better discription below this. If you have, you can just skip over that part, but I do highly suggest that you read the chapters I will be posting. I took down all the old ones because, quite frankly, I changed a lot and they just didn't match up at all anymore. Trust me though, I think you guys will like these one better - I know I do! Anyway, enjoy! Summary: Katniss is no longer the Seam girl that was forced to grow up starving and practically raising her and Prim by herself. Instead, Peeta is the one with a sibling to care for and Katniss is the Town girl who seems to never have to worry about hunger. The story will loosely follow canon, but overall I've changed a lot. Personalities will change as well - I believe for the better - but nothing too drastic. Just minor tweaks that make more sense with the change of their environments. But, be warned, these personality changes may have more drastic changes on the plot of the story. If you are looking for a story that word for word follows canon, this is not the story for you. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. All characters and plots belong to the lovely Suzanne Collins. XXXXXXX I jerked upright in my bed as a hacking cough pierced the air of my bedroom. I took a moment to attempt to rub the sleep from my eyes before I got up and stumbled my way through the dark. I sat down on the bed across from mine and placed a hand on my brother's back. It heaved violently beneath my touch as I rubbed circles into it. It killed me to know that there was nothing I could do for my brother as he suffered like this. The best I could do was be there for him emotionally. Once the majority of his coughing subsided, I stood and whispered, "I'll be right back, Rye." I shuffled into the kitchen, not wanting to turn on any lights in case it would wake my father. The last thing he needed was even more to worry about. Besides, he had put in extra hours in the mines yesterday to get some extra cash, and he needed all the rest he could get. It didn't take me terribly long to find the only glass my family owned that wasn't broken around the rim and fill it with some water from the tap. I had made this trip too many nights to count, and I had every step memorized. By the time I made it back to our bedroom my eyes had adjusted to the darkness fairly well. I could see well enough to make out Rye sitting up, his legs slung over the side of the bed. He hadn't started coughing again, so I took that as a good sign. I sat down beside him and carefully placed the glass in his shaking hands. His fits always left him weak and trembling. He quickly gulped down the water, then handed the glass back to me. "Thanks, Peeta," he said, his voice hoarse. I glanced at the glass in my hand. The rim of it was stained dark. I knew even in the dim lighting that it was most likely blood that had clung to Rye's lips as he coughed it up. "No problem," I replied, my voice just as weak as his. We sat in silence for a few minutes, neither of us in the mood to talk, but also not in the mood to go back to sleep just yet. Eventually, Rye broke the silence. "Are you scared?" It took my tired mind a moment to process his words. At first I thought he was asking if his fit scared me, then I recalled what day it was. Reaping day. "No more than usual. Are you?" Rye bit out a humorless laugh. "Little brother, you must be crazy to think that I would be afraid of a silly reaping. Besides, my name is only in there the minimum requirement of seven times, thanks to you." His tone had taken on a slightly bitter edge by the end of his statement. I rolled my eyes in the dark even though I knew Rye couldn't see me. "Rye, you're sick. Of course I wouldn't let you take tesserae." "That's not your problem to worry about," Rye spat. "You're my brother," I shot back. "You know good and well that you wouldn't make it a day in the arena. I wasn't about to let you increase your odds of dying." Rye's voice was void of all emotion when he spoke again. "Didn't anyone tell you, Peeta? I'm already dying." There was a part of me that would've sat there all day and argued with him, trying desperately to convince him otherwise. But there was another part of me – the part of me that had seen more death in my sixteen years than most had seen in a lifetime – that knew he was right. My brother was dying, and no amount of hope or kinds words would change that. The only thing that could save him now was high-tech medicine from the Capitol. Stuff that we could never in a million years afford. So instead of arguing with him about it, I stood and said, "I'm going to get an early start. Try and get some sleep." XXXX My walk through town was silent. Normally, the streets would be filled with miners heading to work, but the entire country had the day off today so that they could be ready to watch the Reaping. How generous of the Capitol to do that for them. I reached the weak spot in the fence that I normally used to sneak into the woods. Like always, I paused to make sure that I didn't hear the telltale hum that meant it was electrified. Unsurprisingly, I was met with silence. I shimmied under the fence, having to bend uncomfortably to fit my broad shoulders through. The physical exertion of hunting combined with finally being able to fill my stomach had allowed me to finally get some muscle on me. It was important to be in good shape when you spent most of your time in the woods. You never knew what you would have to outrun, or when a pack of wild dogs would chase you up a tree. I retrieved my bow and quiver from inside a fallen tree then made my way to the clearing where Gale and I usually met up. I wasn't surprised to find it vacant when I got there. I was here even earlier than normal, and Gale usually didn't get into the woods until after sunrise. I didn't mind the solitude though. I parked myself on a soft patch of grass and watched the sunrise. I loved sunrise, the way the lights gave everything a soft glow. But I loved the colors of sunset even more. I never would have admitted it to Rye, but I was terrified for him. Regardless of how much he downplayed the Reaping, seven was still too many slips of paper with his name on them for my liking. Rye couldn't even walk at a normal pace without soon doubling over in a fit of coughs, let alone run away from the cornucopia. No matter how painful the thought was, I knew that if he was reaped, he would be an easy target, taken out minutes into the games. Panic was starting to gnaw at my gut. Seven slips may seem like a lot, but it was still only seven in thousands, I reminded myself. The thought did little to make me feel better. A twig snapped behind me. I spun around to face my attacker, an arrow already strung and aimed to kill. However, when I discovered that my "attacker" was only a startled looking Gale, I quickly lowered my bow and placed my arrow back in my quiver. "Sorry," I said, embarrassment coloring my cheeks. Gale shrugged. "It's okay. Everyone's a bit on edge today." I sat back down in the grass and Gale came to join me. "How's Rye?" I sighed. "Sarcastic. I know he's scared, but he's too proud to show it. I'm just so glad it's his last year." Gale huffed. "I know what you mean." "You're so lucky that next year you'll be in the mines making money. I still have two more years with my name in that ball." "How many times is your name in there today?" I picked at a blade of grass beneath my feet. "Twenty-one. How about you?" "Forty-two." Gale must've had some kind of luck, going so long with so many slips and not getting reaped. I was glad that I didn't have so many family members to take tesserae for, but I knew that even if I had twice as many siblings as Gale, I still would've taken tesserae out for every single one of them. We were quiet for a while until Gale spoke up again. "Have you ever considered it?" I met turned to meet Gale's gaze, only to find him staring out across the horizon. "Considered what?" "Running away." I scoffed. "To where?" I assumed this was Gale's attempt to lighten the mood, but his voice was completely serious. "The woods. We could make it out there. We know how to take care of ourselves." Gale was a good friend, someone I could rely on to always have my back, but he was also an irrational lunatic sometimes. "And what, abandon our families?" Gale glared at me. "No. We would take them with us." I shook my head, not in the mood for one of Gale's tirades. "Seriously? You think Hazelle and all the kids would make it out there? And what about Rye? He would die of asphyxiation before we even made it to the fence." Gale got to his feet. "It's better than just sitting here and letting them control us." I stood too, crossing my arms over my chest. "I would rather have my family alive and be dictated than have them dead and be independent. If you don't agree, then by all means, go run off into the woods. I won't stop you." A muscle twitched in Gale's jaw, then he spun on his heel and stalked off into the woods without another word. I wasn't really in the mood to hunt anymore, and I knew I needed to get back into town soon. But before I could head back I needed to collect the herbs for the apothecary shop owner. A few years ago, after she had discovered that I was going into the woods, she had made a deal with me. In exchange for Rye's medicine, she would give me a list each week with herbs that grew in the woods and she needed for her shop. It was a pretty good deal, considering I normally had to trade at least three squirrels to get enough money to buy the medicine. It only took me about a half an hour to collect all the herbs on the list, and soon I was wriggling my way back under the fence. I was running late, but I wanted to make a quick stop at the hob anyway. I had shot a squirrel on my way back through the woods. It wouldn't get me much, but it would be enough to trade for a few candies for Rye. He deserved something for making it through the Reaping unscathed, which I was now convinced he