Demigod Daycare Jason and Percy did not enjoy being tied up in a kid's playroom. The kids (or annoying brats as Percy liked to call them) disappeared and the boys were unsure where those kids were hiding. Their friends may have gotten away, but it was unlikely. Demigod kids were the worst. "How do we get out of this one?" Percy asked, trying to find a way to untie his hands. He was so exhausted. His hair had glue in it and his shirt had drawings and scribbles from magic marker. And how much glitter could possibly be stuck on his face? "I have no idea. But let's make a deal to never babysit again," Jason said. He was a mess too. With his black eye and his tattered shirt colored with paint, it looked like he was mugged by five year olds, which was partially true. "Do you have any idea where those kids went?" Percy asked. "At this point, I don't care. I would just like to get out alive. Maybe someone will find us and help us," Jason said hopefully. "I think they have their own problems. Last I saw, Frank was trying to help some kid who was crying and Piper was dealing with the little girls trying to give her a makeover." Percy sighed. "If Annabeth were here, she'd know what to do." "Hey, I just realized something," Jason said, frowning. "I haven't seen Leo all day." "You're right. Where did he go? He's probably out doing something fun. Man, I hate being a demigod." "Me too," Jason muttered. The story starts when the seven were eating dinner. They were all having a good time and talking about how Leo should make the ultimate laser tag game in the Fields of Mars. He got really excited and was about to talk about the possibilities until Reyna walked over to the table. "REYNA," Leo exclaimed. "What are you doing here?" "I have a question for you guys," she said, eyeing Leo suspiciously. "Sure," Percy said eating his pizza. "What is it?" "Well, there's this daycare we opened up to get some extra money. Unfortunately, the workers quit. I need someone to watch the kids, so I can find permanent workers or until I can officially close it." "So we would be watching kids?" Leo asked. "For how long?" Reyna hesitated. "Depends. Let's just say from eight to four." Percy looked at Annabeth. They seemed to have a silent conversation. Percy: That's ALL DAY. Annabeth: She needs help! Percy: Why is she even in charge of a demigod daycare!? Annabeth: Perseus Jackson. I swear to the gods- Percy said to Reyna, "I guess we could do it." Everyone else reluctantly nodded in agreement. They figured if Percy said "okay" then it couldn't be that hard, right? The playroom was definitely a kid friendly place. It had a huge slide that Leo wouldn't get off of, a painting and coloring area, along with a separate game room. Not to mention the epic snack room that Leo was prepared to steal food from. "Leo, get down from there," Annabeth yelled. "That's for the kids." "I think he is one of the kids," Frank muttered. Percy snickered. "This is going to be so easy, guys. Playing all day long? About time we do some easy work." Leo grinned. "Have you ever actually watched kids before?" Piper asked. "No, but it can't be that hard, right?" Leo slid down the swirly slide. "These are demigod kids or legacies," Hazel said. "So? Demigods are cool. It's not like they are going to use their powers against us or anything," Leo said, now stuck inside the slide. "Guys…A little help here?" Frank groaned. "Someone get me a chainsaw." "NO. DON'T LET FRANK GET THE CHAINSAW. I'LL GET OUT BY MYSELF." Once all the kids were dropped off, the disaster began. There were kids of all ages from kindergarten to around sixth grade. Some had ridiculous powers and others just sat there bored. There were a few kids hitting each other with sticks they smuggled from outside. At the beginning of the day, before there were a lot of kids, Piper and Jason were sitting at the check-in. One girl, around nine years old, walked up to Piper. The girl asked in an unfriendly tone, "Why is your hair like that?" "Because I like it like this," Piper said. "Why would you purposely try to look ugly?" The girl looked at Jason. "Do you have a girlfriend?" Jason gave Piper a confused look and looked back at the girl. "Uh, yes. I do." The girl looked at the two. She frowned. "Oh, I see. So I am stuck here with you guys?" Suddenly, she smiled as if she came up with a brilliant idea. "Which means you guys have to keep me entertained!" She grabbed Piper's hand and pulled her away. "Makeover time!" "What?! No!" Piper said. "I don't do stuff like that!" Piper gave Jason a 911 look. He shrugged. Charmspeak?, he mouthed. After Piper and the girl left and more kids rushed in, Percy walked to the check in. "Is it just me or was this a horrible idea? Piper getting a make-over? Frank being bombarded by evil kids? It's been barely an hour and we're already falling apart." "What about Annabeth, Leo and Hazel?" Jason asked. "Annabeth is being forced to color or paint. Hazel is reading a story or something. And then Leo is playing video games," Percy said. "I think he's taking it way too seriously. He started betting denarii with the other kids on whether or not he could win 32 races in Mario Kart." "Seriously? They're kids. How much money could they possibly have ?" Percy shrugged. "I'm not surprised. They're nuts. No wonder the parents send their kids here. They must cause destruction everywhere they go." Percy looked over at a group of kids. He sighed. "Really? That one is trying to kill the other kids. I hate this. Go scare them with lightning." "Go make a trident out of water," Jason said, wanting to stick by check-in. He wanted to avoid trouble as much as possible. "Fine, but next time… you deal with the annoying brats." He went off to break up the fight. "JIMMY, PUT THE PLASTIC SWORD DOWN." Later that day, there were over twenty-five kids. It may not sound like a lot for seven people to watch, but these were demigod children. They were fierce and insane. A few of the kids kept bugging Percy on how they could beat him up in a fight. He wanted to whip out his sword and teach the annoying brats a lesson but figured that would be wrong . Some girls were hanging out with Annabeth and thought she was really cool. They kept asking her questions like "Do you have a boyfriend?", "Is he cute?", and "When are you two getting married?!". Unfortunately, Percy heard that last question and almost passed out on the spot. Then there was Piper who was getting a makeover against her will. She was waiting for the pain to be over. Where did these kids even get make-up? How did they even know how to use it? Weren't they like nine? Leo was still playing video games. No one even knew if he was watching the kids. At least he made a lot of denarii from them. Frank was trying to make sure the kids didn't hurt each other. Unfortunately, they were not listening to anything he said. Hazel was playing with the kids and reading them stories. They seemed to like her. That is until the kids got bored of books and started playing hide-and-go-seek. (Seriously, those kids have the attention span of a fly.) Unfortunately, she realized too late that she couldn't find them. She ran up to Percy who looked like he was about to beat up a kid. The kid taunted him. "You can't beat me up! I'm too awesome." Before Percy could lose his cool completely, Hazel asked, "Um, Percy? Can I talk to you for moment?" "Sure." He got up and followed her to the side of the room. "What's up?" "I can't find the kids," she said. "What? Why? What happened?" "Hide and seek," she admitted. "Ah, okay. Don't panic. I'm sure they are around here somewhere." "I looked everywhere. Where else could they go?" Hazel asked. "Wait, isn't there a playground in the back?" Percy asked. "You're right! I think Jason was back there too. I can't believe I didn't think of that!" "I'll go help you find them," he said, glaring at the bratty children. Man, he wanted to whack them upside the head. Outside, Jason looked irritated. Two kids, a girl and a boy, both about nine or ten years old, kept asking him questions. The boy asked, "If you're the son of Jupiter, then can you never get electrocuted?" "I guess so." "But what if there was this new founded technology that was made, and it was so powerful and stuff, and everyone would die if they even felt a small charge of it. Would you survive that?" "I'm not sure. I guess I would." "Because if you did die by lightning, you'd be the lamest son of Jupiter ever." Hazel and Percy tried not to die of laughter. Percy felt bad, though. It reminded him of when Nico kept asking him questions about Annabeth. "Jeez," Jason said. "Any more questions?" The girl raised her hand excitedly. "Are you going to dump your girlfriend on an island like the original Jason did to Medea?" "NO!" he said. "If you're the son of Jupiter, then are you just destined to be the worst hero ever?" Ouch . Percy stepped in after seeing lightning strikes in Jason's eyes. He saw that happen to Thalia before, and it was not a good sight. "Guys! Have you seen anyone out here?" The kids smiled and shook their heads. The girl asked, "Is it true you beat up Kronos?" "Uh, yeah?" He wondered where this was going. She frowned. "I heard that you were never the hero at all." "OKAY. That's it. I'm done," Percy said. He was going to destroy all the brats. The hurricane was going to come and sweep them away forever. He'd have to tell the parents they were playing outside and a freak storm took them in a bouncy house. That would definitely be believable. Hazel stepped in. "Uh, guys." She got down to their level and looked them in the eyes. "We need to know if you really saw any kids out here." The boy said, "I don't answer to dead people." Percy had never seen Hazel look so mad. "INSIDE. NOW!" They ran inside. The three looked at each other. "Kids are harsh," Jason said. "I think I'd rather listen to Octavian bash on us than two ten year olds." Percy said to all of the hiding kids. "If you don't come out now, there's going to be a hurricane to blow you away!" The kids jumped out of the bushes and ran inside. The three of them went back inside, satisfied that they got someone to listen to them. Meanwhile, Leo was in a deep trance of video games. The kids got bored with him once they realized he wasn't going to even acknowledge them and was going to steal their money. As Leo was playing, he realized how thirsty he was. He needed soda. Soda would make him ten times hyper and give him a better chance at getting further in the game without unnecessary interruption. He paused it and walked into the back room to get some when he overheard some kids talking. So, of course, he had to listen in. "We have to break these guys. They are so boring and not even fun," said one of the kids. Leo figured that was their leader. "How? We've done everything," said another kid.