Welcome! I've been working on this fic (on and off) for the past couple of years and have really rewritten it thanks to inspiration from one of my parenting classes. I hope you enjoy it! A lot of this chapter is setting up the world. The only real change from the books that you need to know of is that Madge (and her father) survived the bombing of District 12. They weren't given any special treatment, they just went to District 13 with everyone else. I hope that's all the clarification you need to get started - let me know if you have any questions! Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games Madge wakes up with the worst headache she's ever had. She can hear her roommate moving around their small kitchen just outside her door, presumably getting ready for her day. With a groan Madge rolls to look at her clock hanging on the wall. She has work in an hour or so which means she really should get out of bed. It's been four years since the war and Madge still can't believe how much things have changed. She rolls another time to sit up and her mattress squeaks loudly under her weight. Madge is a long ways away from her old life as the mayor's daughter (though Leon Undersee is technically still the mayor of District 12, happily restructuring and reshaping their once rubble riddled home) and lacks almost all of the luxuries she had in her mansion. Her new apartment is actually pretty old. It was built long before the war with bricks and wood and the pipes are constantly settling and resettling. The list of repairs that need to be made get longer every day. The sinks leak, the hot water heater is broken, and the electricity barely works. But Madge (and her roommate) pays for it all on her own and she's proud of that. She scrubs at her face and stands from her bed before padding out to greet her roommate. Lora, a peppy girl with long blue-black hair from District 6, is standing at the counter and angrily hitting their small and inefficient coffee pot. The two of them work together at the Panem Outreach Program (POP for short) and met right after the war had ended. Both had left their homes looking to start fresh, and both had ended up in District 2 in their search for something new. They've been roommates ever since. "Is it broken again?" Madge asks tiredly, and Lora answers her with a groan. That means they're going to have to leave a few minutes earlier and stop at the shop on the corner of the street. "I really could've used that today," Madge murmurs. "I'll bet," Lora says. "I heard you come in at… what was it, four in the morning? Five?" Madge ignores her friend and opens one of the cabinets before pulling out a chipped glass. She runs the water for a few seconds before filling up her cup. "Where were you?" Madge drinks her water in three big gulps before placing her cup in the sink. She tilts her head at Lora and makes a face. The water has an aftertaste of copper – another thing they should add to the list of repairs. "I was out," Madge answers. Lora rolls her eyes very obviously before whacking their coffee pot another time. "I don't really want to talk about it," Madge continues. "That's because you smell like vodka and look like you were hit by a bus," Lora says. Madge mimics her friend and rolls her eyes as well. Madge had a late night. It doesn't happen very often, or ever really, and so she doesn't want to talk about it. Along with her living conditions and her move out to District 2 rather than returning home with her father after the war ended, that's another thing that's changed. Madge is noticed by people. By men, specifically, and it's amazing. She went her entire childhood being ignored and teased for being the mayor's daughter but now people see her. The attention is refreshing, it makes her feel important on her own terms. She disappears into the bathroom without responding to her roommate and turns on the shower. Madge doesn't wait for the water to get hot because she knows it isn't going to, and then she climbs into the tub. Her shower is quick but afterwards she feels clean and awake even though her headache is still there. She also doesn't smell like vodka anymore which is good. To put it simply, last night was… different. Madge had gone to the bar for a few drinks to relax after work. A new position had opened up and she interviewed for the job. The Panem Outreach Program is very heavily involved in communicating with other countries to establish trade systems and treaties. The new position allows for visitation to Augmentum, the continent directly south of New Panem, to establish direct relationships with the various countries. It's so rare to get travel allowance and that's one of the main reasons Madge joined POP in the first place. So when she found out about the job opening she interviewed immediately and went straight to the bar to relax. To de-stress. To breathe and not get her hopes up too high. And out of all of the people to be in the same exact bar as her it had to be him. Madge wraps her wet hair up in a towel and tries to rid herself the memories of last night. Not that they're bad memories, because he was very talented with his tongue and his hands and mouth in general (just like the rumors that whistled through the district when they were younger), but because it was him . Madge never should've gotten into bed with Gale Hawthorne. She knew he was in District 2, everyone knew Gale was in District 2. He hadn't returned home after the war – the expanding security forces of New Panem had their base in 2 and they had plucked him straight from District 13 the minute the war had ended for his expertise and leadership. He was a big name, and a big pain in the ass. They saw each other every now and then but chose not to speak. Their playful banter from District 12 had died down once Katniss had been reaped into the Hunger Games (twice!), and almost all communication had stopped in District 13. They were on different paths of life and that was okay. There was no need to beat a dead horse. But then they were both in District 2 and Madge thought that might change things, but it didn't. They chose not to speak. It was easier to do that then pretend they cared about one another and how they were doing. All Madge had to do to find out how he was doing anyway was just turn on the news. He was all over it. War Hero Hawthorne . "Let's go, Madge," Lora says as she bangs on Madge's door, pulling her from her thoughts of the night. From the bar, from Gale's mouth… "We're going to be late!" Gale isn't sure he's ever going to get used to New Panem. He places his travel mug into the cup holder of his car and after buckling he shifts it into drive. Just years ago Gale thought he was going to spend his entire life working in the mines underground. He wasn't content with that, but it's what he had accepted. Now he has his own car, his own apartment in a high rise building in the best part of District 2, a personal coffee machine, enough money to keep him and his family back in 12 going… the list is endless. He's been doing this routine for years now and he's certain he's never going to get used to it. He pulls into the parking lot at headquarters and is relieved his coffee is cool enough to drink. Years ago he hadn't even ever had a taste of coffee and now he has a machine in his apartment to drink a cup a day. It's one of his many addictions he just can't seem to shake. Gale strides into his office with his mug in his hand and flashes his ID at the woman at the front desk. "You're late," someone greets him with a clap on the back. Benny, Gale's second in command, is always too cheerful in the morning. "We just got the reports in from the attack last night, Chief didn't want to start until you were here." Gale increases his speed ever so slightly and they walk side by side down the thin hallway to the security chief. "Catch me up," Gale murmurs, and Benny launches into his speech. New Panem is certainly better than the old Panem. There're no Hunger Games. There's no system in place keeping the poor hungry and giving the rich everything they want and more. There're no peacekeepers that keep the citizens living in fear. There's no one president making all of the awful decisions and sending the country into a downward spiral (there's a group of people now, and even if President Paylor was making decisions on her own Gale's sure she'd keep the country running smoothly). But there are still struggles. There's a group of extremists that's been quickly on the rise. They're, from what researchers and undercover investigators can tell, formed from the old elite. The powerful Capitol members that still have more money than they need, the District Royalty that ran trade routes and inter-district communication that kept the rich, rich. "They've started calling themselves Panem's Protectors," Benny says as they take a sharp left. "They're spray painting PP all over the damn place." Gale smirks. Vick would get a kick out of that one. Every couple of months or so the extremists will set off a bomb, but more recently the explosions are getting closer together. They're trying to send a message and Gale's worried they're getting more and more ballsy. He's terrified they're going to switch from bombs to guns and that New Panem is going to have a damn civil war on their hands. They have an incredible amount of support from the upper class, and that scares the shit out of Gale. "Where was the attack?" Gale asks. He hasn't heard about it on the news yet which means they're trying to keep it quiet which is good. Those bastards don't need any more attention – it's what feeds them. "District 4," Benny says. "North East quadrant, near the railway station." Gale's thoughts instantly go to Annie Odair and her son Keiran. When Finnick died during the war Gale promised himself he'd keep in contact with Annie and make sure she was doing okay, and he's been doing a decent job at it. They talk at least once a month but it's been a while since their last call. He looks to Benny and waits for further information. "Any deaths?" "Six," Benny says with a nod. Gale scrubs at his face. "And eighteen injuries." He hesitates. "Anyone we know?" Benny shakes his head. "I don't think so." That's a slight relief, but Gale still makes a mental note to call Annie and see how she is. He's positive that a bombing in her district is going to trigger something painful for her. "Chief wants to start deploying people to each district," Benny says. "She wants you back in uniform," Benny continues. "To help train teams." Gale rakes his hand over his face and nods. Before entering the room he knocks back the rest of his coffee and blinks hard another time to wake himself up. "She could've told you all this herself if you'd been on time ." "Shut up," Gale mutters. "Where were you anyway? Late night?" Gale sighs. "You don't even