Disclaimer: The original characters of this story are property of the author. This is an universe where the Hunger Games do not exist. co·ad·u·nate adj. Closely joined; grown together; united. "Pretty dress," he says. Gale looks at Madge Undersee's perfect white dress and frowns. All of the girls in the Seam in their dresses for today are not as clean and pressed, much more gray. The dresses that they're getting will have been handed down for generations, will have coal stained into the fabric. The mayor's daughter, however, has a brand new white dress to beat everyone else's. Madge accepts the berries with a tight smile. She hands the coins across to him and Katniss and clears her throat. She says, "Well if I end up getting paired off today I want to look nice, don't I?" There's a darkness in her eyes that Gale doesn't like. Perhaps it's because she accepts her eventual fate of being married off, or maybe it's because he knows her words are sarcastic. He doesn't understand how anyone could just accept the investable, there must be some inner resistance going on somewhere. "Nothing but from the mayor's daughter," he chirps. He can take what Madge can dish. Katniss elbows him in the side. Today is Coadunate Day. "Mm," Madge frowns just as he had when she answered the door. "You've got to look nice though, don't you Hawthorne? You're guaranteed a wife today. You'll have to make a good first impression," she says smugly. He fidgets uneasily on his feet and casts his eyes away from her. "Are you nervous?" " Madge ," Katniss scowls. Her gray eyes widen and she jerks her head to the side slightly, clearly disappointed in the blonde in the doorway. Don't . Everyone is nervous today . "Thanks for the trade." Madge fidgets uneasily on her spot and tips her head forward in the slightest apology. "Good luck today," she says. "You too," Katniss responds. She pulls Gale away before he can say something nasty. Gale and she walk away from the Undersee mansion in mostly silence. They both know today is going to change everything. In less than a few hours Gale is going to be forced to enter the Justice Hall where they'll take a DNA sample with a small needle and where he'll stand in front of a computer screen and answer a few questions. Sooner or later a number will print out, the same number that his future wife will have. The smaller the number the sooner he is to be married. Even if he has the last number of the day, he's still going to be married today. Like Madge said, it's guaranteed. He's reached the maximum age. He and Katniss part without saying anything, they'll see each other soon either at the Justice Hall or after the ceremonies are performed, and they've never been very good at talking about coadunation anyway. The second Gale arrives home his mother is waiting for him. Hazelle Hawthorne has her hands on her hips and her eyebrows are very high on her forehead. "Where've you been?" she asks. Gale drops his game bag on the ground loudly without responding. "I've had your bath ready for hours. The water isn't even warm anymore! Go, go! We haven't got all day!" "Ma," he groans as she pushes him toward the bathroom. All three of his younger siblings are waiting on the couch dressed nicely. "I don't see why it's such a big deal." He's just going to get stuck with some deadbeat girl from the Seam who he'll work alongside in the mines. They'll be forced to have x amount of children and will make y amount of money and will strive to survive. There are no other outcomes to Coadunate Day. He's known this ever since he was a child, and though he's tried to pretend it isn't happening, Gale knows that it is his fate. Coadunate Day takes place every single year during early August, right before the new school year begins. Every child between the ages of 14 and 18 are required to go to the Justice Hall where they get a DNA sample taken, and then take some sort of personality test, so they can be matched to another citizen in the district. A match can be found at any of the ages, whether it be the first year a child's name is registered or the very last. Sometimes it takes a few years until someone's match is in the system, or after a careful evaluation it's finally decided two should be together. Sometimes people are in the system for years at the same time before being matched. After the two meet or reacquaint themselves in the presence a Capitol escort, they're moved onto the stage outside the Justice Hall where they are wed in front of the entire district. That night, no matter the age they've been married at, sex is required to seal the deal. An injection is given to the two being married that will make it a pleasant experience. The entire system has been in place for as long as Gale can remember. Somewhere in his years of education at the public high school he learned that Coadunate Day was forged in an attempt to create a steady marriage that will produce healthy and diverse children. There was once a time in Panem where children were beginning to die off due to weak genes and marriages were failing very early on, leaving the kids without a steady home. Not wanting the future of Panem to be in shambles, Coadunate Day was created: a combination of personality tests and DNA samples to find your "perfect" ( and required ) match. Two people are wed, required to have children, and live together for the rest of their lives. If they don't produce the amount of children they've been assigned, then they are deemed useless killed for being unable to contribute to the future of society. "It's a big deal," his mother frowns, "because you're going to meet the girl you're going to be joined with for the rest of your life. And you should make a good impression." "I'm going to be wed to her whether I make a good impression or not," he frowns. She shoves him in the bathroom and shuts the door behind him. With a huff Gale strips himself from his sweaty hunting clothes and sinks into the bath. The water is still warm for which he is thankful and it doesn't take him long to scrub the thin layer of coal from his skin. He rubs the bar of soap over his body and lathers some into his hair as well, hoping he smells flowery fresh like his mother so desperately wants. It isn't long before Hazelle is banging on the door telling him to hurry up, and then Gale has to force himself from the bathtub one last time. He towels off quickly before wrapping it around his waist, exiting the bathroom with an eyebrow cocked. Hazelle is waiting outside the room with her arms gesturing toward the back bedroom. "Go on! I laid something out for you!" She pushes him toward the open door and smiles brightly when he stops in the doorway. Laid out across the bed is— "It was your father's," she says. "He wore it to our wedding." Gale pauses, staring down at the slightly worn outfit with a smile. He can't help but be a bit jealous of his mother and father. They had been best friends since they were young and the odds were clearly in their favor, for they were assigned one another on Coadunate Day. The two were only required to have two children but were honestly and truly in love. They stopped after four. If only Gale could be so lucky, perhaps he could get assigned to Katniss. They've been friends for a long time, he could grow to love her. Ever since Gale was a child he's closed himself off from feelings like that in fear of Coadunate Day. He doesn't want to imagine the pain of being in love with someone and getting paired up to someone else. It would be complete and utter heartbreak. Instead he skipped from girl to girl, taking a few to the slagheap and making sure they remembered him for when they were assigned someone besides him. No one ever stuck around for too long. He didn't care much. "Thanks, Ma," he says. Gale's father died in a mine collapse when he was fourteen years old. "Honestly. It means a lot." "Ooh," she hugs him, clearly forgetting that all he's wearing is a towel around his waist, and sighs. "Gale, whoever this girl is that you're going to be paired with is going to be in for a treat!" "Thanks," he says again. He shoos her away so he can change, shutting the door behind him with a click. Gale sighs when he's by himself in the room. He removes the towel from around his waist and lifts it to dry his hair. As he gets changed all he can think about is how the girl he ends up with might be lucky, but is he going to be? The Justice Hall, like every Coadunate Day, is packed. Gale enters the building and is overwhelmed by the crowd of fourteen to eighteen year olds. It's mass chaos. He's been here a few times, however, and knows exactly where to go. It takes him a bit to weave through the masses but eventually he finds the line of other eighteen year old males. They all have the same look in their eyes, one that Gale probably has himself. Coming here year after year and having the computer say No Match is not the best experience. There are even horror stories about eighteen year olds getting the same screen and spending their life alone. Everyone in the country is guaranteed a match, but that doesn't stop him from worrying. It's how parents have gotten their children to behave, saying things like if you're not a good kid they won't pair you up with anyone on Coadunate Day. I've seen it happen before . It's never true. Gale doesn't want to be forced to marry anyone, but he would most certainly do that then spend the rest of eternity by himself. He's always wanted a family like his own. Hopefully whoever he ends up with is someone who values family. Oh, she has to. Panem may not be the greatest country in the world but they really do try to match people up according to their personalities. They wouldn't marry him off to someone entirely dislikable, would they? He can't say it hasn't been done before. God, please let the odds be in his favor today. The line moves slowly and Gale finds his mind filled with names. He could end up with any of the eighteen year old girls that haven't been matched. Bristel Clearwater, Jade Trayers, Samantha Wicken, the list goes on. Or someone younger, someone he knows from school. Or maybe someone he doesn't know at all. Would it be best that way? To marry someone he has never met? Gale finally reaches the door. Behind it is a computer screen where his fate will be decided. After a few more minutes of waiting for the boy in front of him to finish he is escorted in by a peacekeeper. The room is dark. The computer is old. It takes a bit for it to load. A small surface extends from the side of the desktop and Gale places his finger on it, wincing when a needle juts out and collects a sample of his DNA. He sucks his finger to get it to stop bleeding as the computer registers who he is. Gale Hawthorne. His birthday appears, alongside a few other identification pieces. A list of family members. A