Disclaimer: The characters in this story belong to THG trilogy and have not been created by me. All I own is the storyline, which is extremely AU. Furthermore - This is not a happy story. Rated T for violence and use of language. Nothing too graphic, yet the world has ended so there's obviously going to be some harsher dialogue at times. Timeline: Takes place in Catching Fire, after Gale's whipping and the announcement of the Quarter Quell, but before the Quell actually takes place. So about summer in Panem. The crackle of the firewood is all I can focus on right now. The steady sizzle of wood and coal. Too much has happened today. Yesterday. Too much. Everyone around me knows this. Maybe the fire is all that they have to listen to as well. It's better than the moaning. Not that we can hear the moaning out here in the woods, but sometimes I think I can. The images still haunt my mind, along with the noises. I try to tune them out. I really do. But it's quiet out here, and my thoughts are empty. Katniss and Peeta are around here somewhere setting up watch assignments. Despite being in the woods there's still the chance one of them will wander onto camp. We need people keeping guard. Delly and her younger brother are already asleep. I wish I could sleep. I don't think I've slept in a very long time. "Madge," Peeta nudges me with his elbow, lowering himself onto the log next to me. He's appeared out of nowhere. Or maybe he's been here the entire time. I've been too focused on the flames, trying my hardest not to let anything else intrude my thoughts. "Who've you been staying with?" he asks me. My mother has turned into one of them. My father, too, probably. They're not here. I shrug. "Who did you stay with last night?" "We didn't have sleeping arrangements last night," I tell him. We had only just got here, got everyone calmed down. I slept in an empty spot under a tree. He sighs and rubs at his forehead. He's tired, too. "How about you stay with Taftan and Proja?" Peeta asks. I lift an eyebrow at him. His brothers? "I'm staying with Katniss tonight," he tells me. "We're taking a shift on watch." "I don't want to burden your brothers," I tell him. Peeta's parents didn't make it out of 12 either. I'm not sure if they became one of them or not. Neither is Peeta. We don't talk about it. "I can just stay by myself." "They said it was fine," Peeta reassures me. His hand gently rests on my shoulder. "We're over by the lake." I nod as he stands and offers his hand. "It's only temporary, Madge. We're working on what to do next." "I know," I say. But what is there to do next when the end of the world is already upon us? Peeta leads me down to the lake to where his brothers are playing a game of cards by lantern light. They smile as I arrive just as they always had when I would enter the bakery. I've known Peeta long enough to consider his brothers my own, mostly. Taftan pats the sleeping bag next to his and I wordlessly lower myself down to it. It must be where Peeta had slept last night. "I'll see you guys in the morning," Peeta says. "Don't overwork yourself," Proja tells him. "Remember that you need to sleep too." Peeta nods and walks away, and then both of his brothers roll their eyes. I drop my head down to a makeshift pillow and stare up at the stars. I never could see them from my house in town. "What do you think they're going to do?" Proja whispers. Taftan shrugs, laying down another card. I wish the stars were this bright at home. I wish I was home. "Set up a team to clear out the District?" "I don't think we should go back," Taftan intones. "There're too many of them . It's not safe." He shudders and then readjusts how he sits, trying to make it look like he hadn't winced at all. I roll on my side and face away from the two brothers. "If we clear the place out and move back in like nothing happened then the Capitol will just come and take over again." Proja grunts, slamming down a card. My eyes drift shut. Maybe I will sleep tonight. "Would you rather us live like animals out here?" he asks his brother. Taftan drags his fingers through his hair. "Which is safer?" he asks. "Neither," Proja responds. "In the District and out here in the woods we're just meals waiting to be eaten." I shiver and bury my head in my arms. "Sorry, Madge," he calls out, clearly noticing my response to his words. I don't reply. I wish I was back by the fire listening to the crackle and sizzle. Even the crickets out here aren't loud enough to fill my thoughts. Taftan wakes me up at the crack of dawn, stops me from screaming and waking everyone else up. I throw my arms around him and cling as though he's a life vest and I'm stuck out at sea. "It was just a dream," he tells me. But it wasn't just a dream. I apologize for waking him up. He apologizes for talking about them last night. "Do you want to get some more sleep?" he asks. Proja's still out like a light, drooling onto his pillow. I shake my head. "Me neither," he says. He stands up and extends his hand, helping me up as well. "Where are we going?" I ask. My voice is raw and rough. Scratchy. I could use a drink but I won't ask for one. Other people are already milling around the camp. I'm surprised at how quiet they're all being for the ones who still sleep. We walk in silence toward a small gathering of people. When we reach the crowd they part for us. Prim spots me and rushes over, holding out her hands. A few apples. We don't even need to exchange words. I take them gratefully. Breakfast. Katniss is nearby whispering something to Peeta who looks pale, but nods. He needs sleep. Katniss, too. Just because they're our latest Victors doesn't mean the entire District should have to rely on them. Haymitch is nearby as well, the trio sticking together in these desperate times. I want to go over to all of them, tell them to go to bed. Tuck them in. Stand watch until they do so. I'm just not strong enough. I stare at them a few more moments before biting into an apple. Taftan has moved away, talking to a group of people nearby that he knew back inside the District. I force pieces of the fruit down my mouth and keep to myself. Suddenly someone is tugging on my skirt. I look down and find the curious eyes of a little girl who looks vastly familiar. "You look sad," she says to me. "My name's Posy." "Hi Posy," I say, dropping down to a knee. "My name's Madge." I look at the apples in my hand. I only need one. "Have you had breakfast yet?" She shakes her head no, brown locks of hair tumbling in every direction. "Here, take one of mine," I tell her. She smiles brightly, accepting the fruit gratefully. "Are you sad?" she asks me through a mouthful. I blink a few times, trying to work out where I've seen her before. Everyone looks out of place out here in the woods. "Were your mommy and daddy eaten too?" "You can't ask people that, Pose," a little voice says. I turn and find Rory Hawthorne dropping down onto the ground next to his sister. Ah, this must be Gale's sister. I knew I had seen her before. "Where'd you get that apple?" "Madge gave it to me," Posy tells him through another mouthful. Rory frowns, extending his hand to me and giving me one of his apples. "Here," he says, forcing it onto my palm. "We have plenty. Gale made sure of that." I smile, trying to show that I'm glad his brother is taking care of them. I don't think that message is delivered, though. Rory munches on his fruit, letting his eyes stray over to Prim once or twice. "Sorry about Posy," he tells me. "She doesn't really get it." "It's alright," I say, lifting my shoulders as best I can. The Hawthorne family is just as complete as it was before the attack. I'm glad Posy hasn't had to lose anyone. Posy finishes her apple and pulls the stem off of it. "Don't worry, Madge," the little girl says. "The zombies can't get us here." "Posy," Rory scolds her again. "What did Gale say?" "Gale said not to call them that," Posy answers him, "but Vick calls them zombies so why can't I?" I wince without meaning to, squeezing my eyes shut and forcing her words from her system. That's exactly what they are. Brainless. Dead, yet still walking around. Hungry. Unthinking. Cold. Mutts? Zombies. "Sorry," Rory murmurs again. "C'mon, Posy," he pulls the little girl to her feet. "Gale wants to see us before he goes on the run. You want to see him?" Posy nods ferociously, her hair toppling in every which way. "Let's go, then." The two start off toward their camp and Posy giggles, waving over her shoulder at me. Rory offers a sad smile. Of course he knows what happened to my family. Everyone does. We were the first. A hand on my shoulder startles me and I jump, freezing and taking a deep breath when I realize it's only Taftan. "Sorry," he says instantly. "I didn't mean to scare you." "S'okay," I squeak out. He helps me to my feet like Rory had with his sister and then guides me back to where our sleeping things are. By then Proja has awoken, rubbing at his eyes and yawning as wide as he can. Taftan passes him a few apples, apparently everyone's breakfast today, and then trudges to the lake to fill up some water bottles. Proja rests back at camp, chewing on his fruit and staring up at the clouds. "How's the camp?" he asks me. "Alright, I suppose," I respond. "I think there are some people going into the District today." That's what Rory said, right? Going on a run. A snare run wouldn't require a big farewell. "I'm not sure, though." It's not like anyone would tell me if that's what was happening. I can't go back there, I'm of no use. "Taftan might know." "Supplies?" Proja wonders. I nod. What else? More blankets so we can rest easy. More food so we don't have to eat apples for the rest of our existence. Weapons too, probably. To fight them off. And more clothing as well. I wonder if we'll be spending the rest of our lives in the woods right outside the District. Even that place will run out of provisions sooner or later. "Maybe I'll go," Proja says, finishing off his apple. "If we time things alright Taftan and I could bake some bread to bring out here. We'd just need people to cover our backs." "Maybe." He drops the subject. When Taftan returns Proja rattles off the same suggestion he made to me, only his older brother is a bit more accepting of the idea than I was. I pull my hair out of the ribbon I've tied it up in and run my fingers through it. Greasy. I wish I could bathe. I hope that whoever goes into the District brings back some soap, but that's a bit farfetched and I know it. The life of the high and mighty is gone. I'm no longer the mayor's