Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. This story is technically a sequel to my other story Faded Lines. However, it can also stand alone. Faded Lines will be referenced, but all things needed to know should be explained. He loves her. He loves the way her golden hair glows in the sunlight. He loves the light dusting of her freckles across her nose. He loves the way she nibbles on her bottom lip when she's frustrated, the way her fingers tug on the tips of her hair. He loves the little wrinkle between her eyebrows. He loves the blue he sees in her eyes, a mix of an aquamarine ocean and a starry night. He loves the pink of her cheeks whenever he kisses her. He loves the feeling of her skin against his on a cold morning. He loves her wit and her smile and her laugh. Most importantly, he loves the ring on her finger that marks her as his until death do them part. But he hates her cooking. Other than the fact that she can't make a dinner to save her life, being married to Madge is all that he hoped it would be. Gale loves her more now than he did all those weeks ago when they made it official. Every day he discovers something else about her that he hadn't known before. Every day he watches her grow into a more determined, more enticing version of herself. Sometimes he'll come home to their tiny shack to find her humming a melody to herself as she sweeps the coal dust from the spot where he leaves his boots, and if not there then doing some other chore to clean it up a bit. She works hard and Gale loves her for it. But her cooking . Today is like every other. He comes home seventeen minutes past six and kicks his shoes off next to the mat inside. Gale hangs his tattered leather jacket on the hook by the door and his cracked helmet right next to it. Madge's quiet lovely voice is radiating from the bathroom, singing some song he hasn't heard before, and the smell of pine cleaner is overwhelming. As quietly as he can, Gale creeps over the floorboards that he knows creak to get a better view. She's in a shirt a bit too big for her, one of his old ones that she usually wears to bed. Her hair is messily tied into a bun in one of her old ribbons, one that was once pink but even after such a short time in the Seam has already faded and grayed. Madge is on her tiptoes and in front of the mirror on the wall. She's trying her damned hardest to get a thin layer of coal from the face of the mirror, but it just isn't working. "Might need my pick axe to get that off," he says quietly. Madge leaps at the sound of his voice, sliding on her socks and stumbling to stand up properly. Gale grins at how disheveled she is and takes a step toward her. "That mirror is never going to see the light of day again, Madge." "It will if I make it," she returns. She crosses the rest of the floor to him and stands on her tiptoes again, pressing a quick kiss to his bottom lip and wiping a bit of dust from his left eyebrow. "How was work?" "The same as it always is." Repetitive. Exhausting. Bothersome. Gale tilts his head toward the kitchen and sniffs once. "Started on dinner yet?" Madge pulls away from him with ease and lifts her shoulders slightly. "No," she responds. The blonde makes her way back to the mirror and dips her rag into the bucket again. "You can cook tonight." Gale cocks an eyebrow and leans into the doorframe, watching his wife methodically scrape at the reflective glass. "Can I?" he asks. Gale knows that he's baiting her. "You're much better at it than me," she hums. Madge acts as though she's speaking casually. "The faces you make whenever you take a bite of my food are proof of that." Gale expects to feel like he's been punched in the gut, but at this point he's gotten more used to Madge's biting remarks. It was meant to sting him, instead he just feels guilty. "That obvious?" "That obvious," she nods. Madge sighs loudly and slumps onto the sink under the mirror. "You knew when you married me that I wasn't-that I'm not…" she sighs again. Gale takes a step toward her and slides his hands onto her hips, dragging her backwards against his body. "I was waiting for you to say something and you never did," Madge mutters. "I was hoping you'd get better," Gale retorts. Madge grumbles a bit as he drops his chin down to her shoulder. In the mirror their reflection is foggy. Clean enough that they can see themselves but not yet picture perfect. "I was going to say something," he insists. Not today, of course, but maybe tomorrow. "We knew there'd be things to work on." "I know." "So we can work on it." Madge wrinkles her nose as he kisses the side of her face. "I'll cook tonight and you can watch. Take notes or whatever it is you do." Before she can slip from his arms he tightens his grip only slightly. "Madge," Gale whispers. "You're doing great. Okay? You don't have be perfect at everything." Living in the Seam has been tough for her, Gale knows that. She was born and raised into District 12 royalty as the mayor's daughter, had to give up her entire life to marry Gale. She even gave up her family , considering that her father disowned her at the news of her engagement, but she's taking it overly well. She smiles and cleans and goes to her teaching job in town and cooks (to the best of her ability) and impresses him day after day. "I'm not trying to be," she whispers back. "I just…I just don't want you to think that I'm useless." "I know you're not useless," Gale murmurs. He kisses her neck. "You know you're not useless, too." Madge tilts her head sideways a bit and exposes her collarbone to Gale. His lips eagerly slide across her skin and she sighs, the noise causing Gale to smile. "Some things just take a little getting used to." She nods solemnly before placing the dirty rag back into the bucket. They start off to the kitchen together. Madge rolls her shoulders forward and sighs as they crack. She rests her elbows on the edge of her desk and drops her head into her hands, taking in a long deep breath. Her students are gone for lunch and she knows she should eat as well, she's just so tired . She wants to nap so badly, and yet she knows if she doesn't eat the food she's packed for her own meal then it will go to waste. Wasted food is not something she can afford now. In fact, she can barely afford fresh food. She and Gale's combined paycheck allows them to live a bit more luxuriously than some others in the Seam, just not that luxuriously. It is the Seam after all, and they have to spend most of their money renovating their home. She sighs again and massages her temples. The springs on their mattress make her back hurt and their woolen blankets are starting to give her a rash on the back of her thighs, but that's not something she's going to mention. Gale feels awful enough that she's living in the Seam, she doesn't want to make it worse. Madge can power through the little things, she's going to have to get used to everything eventually. "Miss Undersee," a voice suddenly calls out. Madge sits up so quickly that her back cracks in places she didn't know could actually crack. "Oh," the man in her door pauses. "My apologizes. Mrs. Hawthorne." Madge readjusts herself in her seat and plasters her typical smile on her face. "Mr. Wentworth," she says. The overseer of education. The man who reports back to the Capitol. "May I help you with something?" He eyes her once before taking a step into the room. She sits up even straighter . "Just came to see how you were doing." He's a man she doesn't like. Not a peacekeeper and yet still a man with power, too much power. He decides what is taught in school. He decides if she's teaching it to the best of her ability. He's the man who decides if she should keep her job or if they should hire another. "With your marriage and move and whatnot, that is." "Wonderfully," she smiles brightly. "It's very kind of you to ask." And also very terrifying. What's her personal life to him? "Splendid," he smiles back. It doesn't have a friendly air to it. Forced and mechanical. "I just wanted to remind you to start preparing the children for the Victory Tour." Wentworth takes another step into the room. "This year we really want to drive into their tiny heads about the different types of muttations we have in our arenas." "Of course," she nods. Madge keeps her eyes trained on the mousy man in front of her. His caramel colored hair is slicked back, his square glasses are thick. She swallows back all of her terror and smiles again. "We can start after lunch, if you wish." "Excellent!" Mr. Wentworth takes a step backwards and tips his head. "Mrs. Hawthorne, you are truly one of our better teachers in this institution." His proximity unnerves her. "You're so dedicated to educating these miscreants who couldn't care less about what you're saying." She swallows every bitter remark she wants to spew out and keeps her smile tight. "And the fact that your would-have-been brother-in-law was a tribute in these past Games and you still teach with such a fervor!" He smacks his hand down on a desk and causes her to jump. "Incredible." Madge lets out a shaky breath. "Thank you, sir. I aim to please." "I'll check in with you again later, Mrs. Hawthorne," he tells her. "You're doing a wonderful job." And with that, he's gone. Madge isn't very tired anymore. As Gale cooks dinner he explains to his wife certain aspects of the meal. The fire can't be too high for this sort of stew or it will burn what sinks to the bottom. Too little salt is always better than too much salt, you can always add more later. Remember to stir the entirety of the pot, not just the surface . "Madge," he grumbles. The blonde looks up at him from where she was staring. Her eyes were not on him, he doubts she was listening at all. "I thought you wanted to learn how to cook." "I do," she insists. "I was listening!" Gale lifts his eyebrows at her and she sighs, dropping her gaze from him again. "I'm distracted, that's all." He crosses their tiny kitchen to her and takes the seat next to her, reaching out and enveloping her hand with his. "It smells great," she says encouragingly. He can see that her eyes aren't as bright as they normally are, but then again they really haven't been since the marriage. "I'm sure it tastes even—" "Madge," Gale murmurs. She sighs again and turns her hand so their fingers lace. He runs his thumb over the soft padding of her inside palm. This is a place where the coal has yet to find her, her skin is still creamy white and smooth. "What's wrong? You know it'll just take some lessons and you'll be a master chef." "It's not the cooking," she says, rolling her eyes. Without any hesitation she tells him, "Mr. Wentworth visited me at school the other