In a world where manga ends, fanfiction lives on forever. That scientist from Aqua Teen Hunger Force popped into my head. Real nice, phantom. Not to mention true. But we're not doing a fic on a manga in this. And Spyrofan... why am I both agreeing AND not surprised? Pardon me for trying to make this interesting to the readers too. My mind is where hope goes to die. Your mind Connecticut? Forgiven. But I think it did the trick. And I disagree there. You have VERY good ideas, Spyrofan. Also... real nice. I am just in a rut. Rewriting Honest Curse and I barely have 700 words. Couple it with being stuck in a roach motel makes you really hard pressed, phantom. I feel your pain, Spyrofan. And sorry about your situation. Shall we start the chapter before things get too depressing? Go ahead. None of us own anything except any OCs mentioned. If we did, maybe the OCs would be canon characters. I own something. Copies of the books? Nope, my dementia. Oh. And I own mine. And so... fade to black and the chapter begins. The Half-Bloods: The Lightning Thief Chapter 1: I Meet a Good Horse and a Bad Bull It was a bright, sunny, and hot day out in the middle of the afternoon, just after all of the schools had gotten out for the day. Not surprising, since it was in Kentucky in the summer time. Most of the kids were excited to be out of school. But two of them, one obviously of Hispanic heritage and the other of at least some Caucasian heritage, who were just out at the entrance of the school saying their goodbyes, weren't. Again, not surprising, since one of them was moving today. The lighter-skinned of the two was a bit taller than the other, as well as slimmer and looked fit for running for a child of about nine-years-old. He also had a messy mop of brown hair and a pair of light green eyes. The other boy was a bit on the short side for his age, but made up for it with feel about him that, even though he was only nine like the first boy, just made you feel as though he was stronger than he looked. He had black hair reminiscent to the color of a Blackbird jet, which looked brushed straight but still a bit wild because of how long it was, and electric blue eyes that had a shaky confidence and a slight spark of mischief in them. Both had backpacks on their backs, but one looked more full than the other. "Do you really have to go, Mikey?" The lighter-skinned boy asked, hoping the answer would be no. Michael Morales Maverick, or Mike to the darker-skinned boy's friends and Mikey to his family and best friends, sighed. His stepfather had gotten transferred again, due to being in the military, so his family was moving out towards New York. The man had gone ahead of them to get their new home ready for all of them, but Mike didn't want to leave. Give him country living or living in a regular town any day, and you'd be hard-pressed to make him leave. Being that close to a big city just wasn't his scene. It was part of why Mike had asked his stepfather to at least let them drive there instead of flying on a plane. If there were two things Michael hated, it was city-living and flying. Plus, getting to delay having to leave his friend behind and delay living closer to a big city certainly didn't hurt. "Sorry, buddy, but I do. I wish I didn't, though. I'm really gonna miss you, Bobby." "Will you write?" Bobby asked, because this was taking place back in the days when pen pals actually existed and social networks hadn't tried to dominate every facate of mortal interaction. "Sure! And, someday, we'll meet up again!" Mike said reassuringly. He then pulled something out of his backpack. "Here, something to remember me by." "Really? You sure?" Bobby asked, not taking the offering. "Yeah. Besides, I can always get another. And without me around to give you courage, you're going to need something to help you get your own." Mike insisted. Bobby smiled, then accepted the gift. "Thanks. And I think I have something for you too." He reached into his own backpack and took out something wrapped in paper before putting it in Mike's hands. "Something I made in Art class. I was going to give it to Dad, but I can make him another one later." Mike unwrapped it and saw a handmade necklace made from yarn and decorated with a jade stone. Or maybe just a green-painted rock. On the stone were two white angel wings painted on. "Thanks, but, if this is for your dad, you should give it to him." "I know, but, since this is the last time I'll see you, this is more important right now." Bobby insisted. Mike looked at Bobby, still unsure. "You sure?" "I'm sure. Please take it, Mikey." Bobby told his best friend. Mike smiled and accepted the offering before putting the necklace on. "Thanks, bud!" There was a car horn heard, making him look to the school's parking lot as he tucked it under his shirt. "Looks like my ride's here." Bobby nodded, understanding. "Take care of yourself, Mikey! And try to stay out of trouble!" Mike was already heading towards the parking lot. But, when he heard the last part Bobby said, he smirked and looked back over his shoulder towards his best friend. "No promises!" Mike ran to the car his mother drove and saw the front seat was open. He hopped in, said hi, and closed the door, taking one last look out the window at the school he'd never go back to and the friend he wouldn't see again for who knew how long. There was one more thing he didn't expect to see. A tall man walking up behind Bobby, too tall to be normal and definitely not a teacher. Mike didn't know every teacher here, but he was positive that none of them had only one eye. "Mom, who's that?" He asked, pointing to the man, who was looking at him the entire time instead of Bobby. That one-eyed stare was creepy, especially given how it wasn't located where any eye should be. Mike's mother, Isabelle Maria Maverick, saw the new man and paled, but, instead of answering, she stepped on the gas and drove away quickly. None of Mike's questions or pleads to go get Bobby slowed her down. After a while he stopped asking, but that was the time he started noticing something else. She had driven away from their old house, where they still had to pick up the last of their stuff, away from the town, in fact, yet none of their remaining stuff was in the car. Also, his little brother hadn't said a word. "Michael," His mom finally spoke up. "That man was after you. Bobby should be safe, he wanted you. And he's not the only one." Mike started to shake, it wasn't every day your mom told you that strangers were pursuing you. "I know a place where none of them can get you. I'm taking you there now." "What about you guys?" Mike asked worriedly. And he knew that his mom wasn't joking, since she only called him "Michael" instead of "Mikey" or "Mike" when she was either irritated, angry or serious. "We have to go to a different kind of safe place. We're not allowed to go where you're going. Just wait for us and we'll come back." His mother responded. "No!" He rejected. "Michael, if there was any way we could all be together, I'd take it in a heartbeat. But, right now, this is where you'll be safest. No matter what, promise me you won't leave without permission. Promise me." She insisted, still not taking her eyes off the road but the young boy felt like she was looking right at him. Mike sighed, knowing that there was no arguing with his mother when she was like this. "I promise, mom. But who's going to protect you, Jackie, and the old man while I'm gone?" "I can't tell you his name, and, even if I did, I doubt you'd know how to even say it back, but I can tell you that this person owes me a favor. He'll watch over us until we can meet up with you again." She said reassuringly. Mike nodded in understanding. As long as his mother could guarantee that she and his little brother would be safe, he'd do what she asked of him. And, just when he was feeling better, the back of the car was crushed by a club appearing out of nowhere. "What the heck was that ?" Mike yelled, caught off guard by the impact. "Mom!" Jackie, Mike's little brother yelled. "Damn! They're faster than I thought." Their mother said before speeding up, pretending that the words 'speed limit' were part of another language right then. "Mom, what is after me? You clearly know! Tell me!" Mike all but demanded in a fearful tone. "Monsters." She claimed. "The kind that don't hide under beds or in closets, but attack in the daytime." Mike looked shocked and a little angry. "Monsters?! But you told us that monsters weren't real! "There's more than one type of monster in the world, Michael. And, sadly, some are real. You'll see just how many when you're older." She stated. "Mom, there's this guy on a motorcycle behind us swinging a stick." Jackie warned, looking out back. Mike looked behind his seat, but what he saw was different than what his little brother had described. It was that one-eyed man again, running at them on foot, somehow able to keep pace, even if not quite fast enough to overtake the vehicle. And the stick he was waving was actually a studded club big enough to crush a cow's skull. "I know, dear. I'm going as fast as I can." Their mom said before turning onto a different road, reducing her speed just enough to avoid rolling in the turn. Fortunately, their chaser hadn't anticipated that and ran right into the back of the car, knocking them down for a moment. They drove away before they saw how it react any further. Mike looked back and saw this, then sighed in relief and turned forward, hoping that this would give them some kind of reprieve. "Mom, can you at least tell me where we're going?" She said nothing for a moment. "A place where your father can protect you." Mike gained an extremely angry look on his face. "My father?! Why do we need that bum?! The guy just leaves you, leaving you to raise me alone, and now he's going to help us?!" "Yes." She said it so simply yet firmly, like that was all there was to say on the subject. "We should be there shortly." Mike glared in front of him and clenched his fist at the idea of accepting help from the man who abandoned him and his mother. But he decided to grit his teeth and bare it while hoping that she knew for sure that she knew what she was doing. That didn't mean he was suddenly going to be the bum's best friend all of a sudden. In fact, the first thing he intended to do when he saw him was punch him in the stomach before kicking his butt. They drove at top speed for hours on end, ignoring speed limits and staying on every freeway and long, car-free stretch of road they could find, only stopping when they needed to refuel on gas. They even went off the road sometimes, if they needed to. Several times, they managed to shake the man pursuing