This is a fanfic story. Twilight and the twilight characters are owned by Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement intended. I own nothing but Sophie and Nicky as well as any new characters not related to Twilight. The plot is mine as well as any out of character personality traits the characters may have. Thank you for reading, hope you enjoy it! I am finally reposting this story. Hope you enjoy reliving it and to new comers, please enjoy. Beta: Bobbi Wordsmith The Daily Grind Chapter 1 My alarm went off at four am, that's when my day started. Every day it was the same thing, the same old daily grind and part of me hated it. Who would have thought one phone call, a simple Katy Perry ringtone on my phone would give me the news that changed my life forever. Even after a year I still remember it as if it only happened yesterday. "Bella, it's Billy Black, did I wake you?" my dad's partner asked. He never called me so right away I knew something was wrong, I knew that whatever he was about to tell me was bad news. I sat up in the bed feeling my heart pound in my chest. "It's all right Billy, what is it?" "I don't know how to say this…" "Say what?" "This is really hard to say and…" "Damn it, Billy, just say it…" I snapped so loudly I could see the shadow of my roommate sit up in her bed. My palms were sweating, my heart racing faster. "Bella, someone broke into your parent's house, they're gone Bella," he choked out, sounding as if he was crying and I shook my head. They couldn't have been gone. I just talked to them earlier today. I had plans to go home and visit this weekend. They weren't gone. "Are… Are you sure?" I asked him, wanting him to tell me that they were fine. That it was a mistake. I felt the tears stinging my eyes but I refused to let them fall before I knew if this was true. "I'm so sorry, Bella. It was some guy your dad arrested a few years back and …" "…they can't be dead, Billy, maybe it's a mistake." "I'm sorry, Bella it's not a mistake. I've seen…fuck I'm so sorry Bella," he said, and the tears fell from my eyes. He started telling me about the invasion and that they found the man sitting next to my father's body. My skin went cold and then in a shaky breath I asked, "Where are Sophia and Nicholas?" I knew if both my parents were home it meant my five-year-old little brother and sister were too. If Billy said that I lost them too I was surely to die right where I was sitting. "We found them in your parent's bedroom closet; they said your dad told them not to move until the police came. Bella, they need you," Billy said, and I was already out of my bed and getting dressed. "I'm getting on the first flight out to Washington. Don't let social services send them to a foster home. I'm coming," I told him. That was almost a year ago now and it still hurt; it still broke my heart. Both my parents were killed in a home invasion. I, my brother and sister were left alone. No aunts, uncles, grandparents; no one, just each other. No one was willing to take in Nicholas and Sophia. So I did the only thing I could think of, I dropped out of school and became their legal guardian. Those friends I had, my boyfriend left as if I was nothing to them. Quickly I got dressed, having taken my shower last night like I always do. I left my hair down today. Normally I pulled my hair up into a ponytail, but for some reason I wanted it down. I chewed my lip knowing the real reason I wanted it down, he was the reason. He was always the reason. I pinned my bangs back hating them in my face. Once I was happy with my outfit, I went into the twin's room to wake them up. They were cranky in the morning but I needed to wake them up and take them to Mrs. Weber's. Thankfully, she would baby sit them until it was time for them to go to school and then take them for me. I was always out of work in time to pick them up from school. "Come on, Nicky, Soph…it's morning time," I said, messing their hair and tickling their sides. They both groaned telling me to go away. "Come on or the two of you are going to make me late," I say, and they groan again. I tickle their feet, Sophia popping up first because she hated when I did that. "I hate when you do that Ella," she said and I smiled at her. When she was just learning to talk she couldn't say my name, so I told her to call me Ella, and to this day she still did. "I know, Soph, but it's time to get up," I told her and she stuck her tongue out at me. Nicholas was still under his blanket trying to ignore Sophia and me. "If you get up, Nicky we can do Pizza-mania tonight for dinner," I said, and Nicholas was quickly up with a smile on his face. "Promise?" "Cross my heart with a knight's sword," I replied, knowing that would make him smile because our parents use to always say that. I helped him off of the top bunk and then told them to go wash. I left the two of them to get dressed and went to make them both a bowl of cereal. Once they ate we all left the house. "Bella, why do we have to get up at the back crack of dawn?" Nicholas asked, yawning in the back seat and I looked at him through the rearview mirror. "The what?" I asked, Sophia and I both laughing. "I heard Mrs. Weber say it before," he says, and I smiled. "I've told you before, I open the coffee shop for Mrs. Newton, remember?" I say, and he nods his head making a face. He hated Mrs. Newton, not that I could blame him. The woman was evil, well sort of. She did give me a job when I needed one. My parent's life insurance covered the house, cars and Sophia and Nicholas' private school tuition up until they finished college. There was even enough for me to finish eventually, but I would worry about that later. I still needed to work, to pay bills, buy groceries and keep them clothed and fed. "Ella, do I have to get a needle today, too?" Sophia asked, and I knew she was asking because Nicholas had a doctor's appointment today. He had asthma, so I always made sure to make all his doctor's appointments. "I'm not getting a needle, Sophia! I'm not getting a needle, am I, Bella?" Nicholas asked, looking scared out of his mind thanks to Sophia and I knew that was her plan. "No, Nicky, just a normal checkup with Dr. Cooper," I tell him, and he nods his head and sticks his tongue out at Sophia. When I arrived at Mrs. Weber's she was already waiting outside, like always. I gave Sophia and Nicholas a hug and told them to behave or there was no Pizza-mania tonight. They both lied saying they would behave and climbed out of the car. "Bella, have you figured out what you are going to do with them for the summer?" she asked me, and I shook my head because I had no idea what I was going to do. "Have you thought about summer camp?" she asked, and I didn't think I could afford summer camp. The family attorney always tried telling me to take them out of private school and use the tuition money to be able to afford taking care of them, but I couldn't do that. I knew how important it was to my parents for us to have the best education and I was going to make sure that was what Sophia and Nicholas had. "I'll look into it," I told her, only half meaning it. I waved at Mrs. Weber and thanked her, like always for taking them. I quickly pulled off for the coffee house arriving ten minutes to opening. I knew Mrs. Newton would be pissed because she always liked me to have the coffee already brewing by the time the customers start to come in. I parked in my usual parking space and got out of the car. I rushed inside through the back door, quickly shut off the alarm, ran behind the bar and hit the switches on the coffee pots. I always prepped everything the night before. I pulled my apron on over my head and started to set up all the tables in the café. Once that was done, I turned on the television to channel five news and then the radio. Why Mrs. Newton always wanted them both on, I'll never know. I turned the sign from closed to open and then went behind the counter. I started up five cups of black coffee, three cups of coffee with cream and extra sugar, then two cappuccinos. The same ten people came in first every morning, and they ordered the same thing each time. The front door opened and Quil, the delivery guy from the bakery across town, came in with today's deliveries. "Morning, Bella." "Morning, Quil." I replied with a smile. He helped me put everything away like he did every morning. He tried asking me out again, like he did every morning, and I turned him down just like I did every morning. Mr. Jones came in first and I gave him his coffee, while he sat down at the table in the far back to read his paper. Everyone else started to come in and my co-worker, Lauren, came in late, like always. The coffee shop was busy which wasn't surprising to me at all. Everyone was on their way to work, coming in for their coffee and their breakfast. I kept a smile on my face and made certain to get all of their orders right. I never missed a beat, even caught Lauren's mistakes. Mrs. Newton hated when I ran late but she would never fire me because I was the reason this place ran so smoothly. "Bella, Harold said this was cold." Lauren gave me his cup. I dumped it in the sink, quickly made him another cup and gave him a complimentary donut to go with it. "You're the best, Bella," Harold said, leaving me a tip and I smiled at him. I ran around filling orders, making coffee and yelling at Lauren to get out of my way because she continued to ruin orders. How she managed to do this since we pretty much got the same customers every day made no sense to me. Every order was the same, except one. His. I always knew the moment he walked in, wearing his tailored suit that probably cost more than my entire paycheck. My heart always raced in my chest when he came in, with his thick, messy, bronze hair on those hazel more like gold eyes. As he approached the counter, I turned my back to him and pretended to have to focus on the cup I was holding in my hand. "Mmgh." I heard him clear his throat, but I didn't turn around. I couldn't because whenever I looked at him my insides melted. He made me forget everything; my name, my age, my phone number, I mean everything. I needed to pull myself together before looking at him. "Hi, how can I help you today?" I hear Lauren ask him in