Hello my lovelies! I'm back and will be reposting stories slowly! This story will be all Bella POV, you know me I'll probably throw an Edward POV in the mix eventually. I don't own twilight...yeah I think that sucks too. But Alex is mine, he is loosely based off my son, so happy reading! Chapter One: My Life You know the phrase, you're born, you pay taxes and then you die? Yeah, some days I've felt like this and today was one of those damn days. I was a well-known photographer; okay maybe I was exaggerating a little. I was known. I worked for Figure Magazine in Manhattan, New York. It was a high-class fashion magazine. Meaning, I took pictures of stuck up, toothpick models most of my day. Thankfully, the Editor and Chief of the Magazine loved me more than her models. Meaning, if the little model bitch called me miss thang one more time while waving her well-done, manicured finger in my face, I was going to toss my three thousand dollar camera right into her fifty thousand dollar plastic face. "Bella, you can't hit her. Alice really wanted her for the cover," my assistant Angela whispered into my ear. I groaned because while I knew my older sister Alice would have sided with me, I knew she would have been pissed if I lost her this model. "Tanya, let's try this again okay? Look up as if you've seen something beautiful," I tried directing. She rolled her eyes at me as if I had insulted her or something. I swear working with my five-year-old son Alex and my six-year-old niece Maria was easier than working with some of these models. Inhaling a deep breath I squatted down so that I could get a better angle. "If you ruin this picture it won't be me who has to find a job after," I yelled to her. She glared at me but instantly changed her pose. Thankfully, I was able to finish the shoot quickly. Tanya rushed off the set and I handed my camera to Angela. "Why do I do this again?" I asked no one in particular. "Because you need the money," Angela said knowing damn well that wasn't the case at all. I could live off of the child support checks I received from Alex's father. Sam played for the NFL— the Seattle Seahawks to be exact. He always said he hated living so far away from Alex, but he always loved football first. Don't get me wrong, he loved our son, but he was honestly more like a long-distance uncle rather than a father to Alex. I guess I couldn't be too pissed off about it. Neither of us expected Alex, hell, we weren't even dating when I got pregnant. See Sam's brother is my best friend Jacob. Jacob and I have been best friends since we were playing in the sandbox. Anyway, Sam had come home after the season was over. Jake was so happy to have his brother home that we gave him a party. Well, one thing led to another and a month later I was in the bathroom with Alice, pissing on a stick. Yes, Alex was an oops baby. My mother tried yelling at me for being careless, but what am I supposed to do when not only the condom busts, but the birth control pills I had were defective? Let me just say it was the first and only time I got that drunk. "Bella! Have you seen the cover of Atmosphere !" Alice yelled coming onto the set. Her heels clicking loud against the marble floor. "No, I've been working all morning," I said with a duh look on my face. She rolled her eyes while tossing the magazine at me. Turning the magazine in my hand, I smiled when I saw the picture on the front. It was mine. "They used my picture," I said in excitement as I looked up at Alice and everyone else in the room. "Yes! I told you, you could make a magazine cover that wasn't my magazine," she said with a huge smile on her face. I opened the magazine and groaned when I saw that they spelled my name wrong. How in the world do you spell Isabella Swan wrong you ask, easy they spelled it Izzbella Swain. "Alice, they spelled my name wrong," I told her. She snatched the magazine from my hand and looked at it. "Those stupid shits! How the hell do you spell Isabella Swan wrong!" she yelled pulling out her cell phone. "Alice, what are you doing?" I asked her. "Fixing this right now, that's what," she said already placing the phone against her ear. Angela and I stood there as we listened to Alice tear into the Editor of Atmosphere magazine. By the time she finished I received a full apology. "They'll not only be fixing their mistake in the next issue, but they will also be using another one of your pictures for the cover," she told as she placed her phone back in her purse. "Alice, I swear you missed your calling as my agent," I teased. She laughed shaking her head at me. "Fashion was always my calling. Now come on, we have to meet Mom for lunch, and if we're late we'll have to listen to her say… "…late birdies don't eat," we both said at the same time and then started laughing. I asked Angela to finish cleaning up the set for me and then grabbed my purse and followed Alice. Thankfully, we arrived at the restaurant before our mother. We sat down and ordered ourselves a drink. "Do you know why she wanted to meet with us for lunch?" I asked Alice knowing she knew. Alice shrugged her shoulders as she quickly drank from her glass. I narrowed my eyes at her. I knew she was lying, but I also knew I wasn't going to get it out of her if it was a secret. "There are my beautiful daughters," I heard my mother say. We turned to her voice and watched her walk toward our table. She placed a kiss on both our cheeks and then sat down. "You look nice today, Mom, hot date?" Alice teased with a smile. "Please, your father couldn't leave the firehouse for a hot date," she replied wiggling her eyebrows. Alice groaned and I laughed. "You walked right into that," I told her. "How are my grandbabies?" my mother asked looking between us. "The same way they were yesterday when you saw them at dinner," I said sitting back in my chair. "What is this lunch really about, Mom? And don't give me that I wanted to have lunch with my daughters' crap," I said and she looked at me as if I lost my mind. "I meant mess," I corrected. My mother sat up straight in her chair and I knew I was about to get a Renee Swan speech. They were never fun and I promised you no one ever wanted to be on the wrong side of one. "Bella, you need a husband," she said if it was life or death. Then again to my mother it was life or death. "No, I don't." "Yes, you do. You're lonely," she continued. I groaned. "Am I? Well, thank you for letting me know that, because I had no idea how I was feeling. Apparently, my emotions are in your body," I snapped causing Alice to laugh. "There is no need to be rude, Bella." "Mom, you just told me I need a husband and that I'm lonely. I'm sorry if I don't find those to be compliments," I whisper yelled. "Your father and I worry about you and Alex, that's all. You need a man in your life and he needs a father," she continued, and now we were really getting to the root of this conversation. "Alex has a father, his name is Sam Black." "Sam is all right when he's around, but being in and out of Alex's life the way he is just isn't healthy on a young boy like Alex, and don't go saying you have Jacob around." "But I do have Jacob around…" "He's his uncle , not his father ," she said with a roll of her eyes as if I forgot. "I know that, because Alex has a father. His name is Sam," I said again in case she forgot. "I don't like your tone, Isabella Swan," she spat. Obviously, she felt I did something wrong because she called me Isabella. "Well, I don't like being told that I'm a lonely old cat lady," I spat back causing Alice to laugh again. My mom tried not to laugh but failed. "I didn't say you were an old cat lady; you don't even have cats," she replied causing me to laugh even though I was still a little irritated. I swore we had this argument once a month. "I'm sorry for getting nasty," I told her. She patted my hand rubbing her thumb over the back of it. "It's fine, you're fiery like me. You just need a good fireman to put your fire out every once in a while like me," she said with a wink. "Oh, eww Mom! Really," I said pulling my hand away from her. She laughed shrugging her shoulders. We ordered our lunch and left the argument to come up again next month. After lunch, I went to complete my last shoot for the day and then left work for the day. I had to pick Alex up from school in an hour, and Westchester was about forty minutes from Manhattan, and that was on a good day. I may have broken the speed limit a little, but I made it just in time to catch Alex running out of school with his classmates. His teacher always took the kids to the playground while each of them waited to be picked up. "Mommy!" he yelled running toward me as I entered the yard. I kneel down so that I could pick him up. "Hey, cutie. How was school?" I asked kissing his cheek. "Mom, not at school," he groaned. I laughed putting him down. I don't know when he started becoming embarrassed when I kissed him but I didn't like it. "How was school?" "Great! I got to erase the board today and be the paper collector," he said with excitement. I was going to assume that was a good thing. "Ms. Swan," his teacher Ms. Stanley yelled as she walked over to me. "Hi, Ms. Stanley, how are you today?" I asked pulling Alex to my side. "Wonderful as always, I'm getting married next year," she practically yelled showing me her engagement ring. "That's a beautiful ring, he's a lucky man," I said with a forced smile. "I'm the lucky one. Anyway, I actually wanted to ask if you could be our photographer for the wedding. I know you sometimes do weddings because I remember you doing Lauren's. It would really mean a lot to me if you could do it," she said with a huge smile on her face. "Um, take my card and give my assistant a call. Let her know when the wedding is and she'll let you know if I'm able to fit you into my schedule," I said pulling my business card out of my purse and handing it to her. "Thank you," she said walking away. "I'll see you tomorrow, Alex," she said rubbing the top of his head. He groaned moving his head from under her hand. I laughed because if she kept that up she was going to get yelled at by a five-year-old. Alex hated when people rubbed the top of his head. He swore they were going to mess up his haircut. "Ready to go, bud?" I asked looking down into this little face. It was scary