A/N: This is a Twilight Fanfiction. I own nothing but the plot, Kiah, Keiara, Ethan and Elijah. The twilight charactersare owned by the wonderful Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement was intended and any similarity to real life is coincidental. This was my contribution to the Fandom4LLS Beta'd by Bobbi Wordsmith Pre-read by Isabelle Masen Banner by Christag Banners Story by Emotion Masen Chasing the Inevitable Future-take to Facing the Inevitable Edward POV (Three Years Later) I ran my hand over my face feeling frustrated with the presentation I was watching. You would think over the past three years some things would have changed and got more interesting but they hadn't. Someone was always looking for me to invest in their invention; to put my name on something they made in their basement. "Mr. Cullen, if you look at this, you will see that it will be a great investment for Masen Corp," the guy Martin or Maurice said trying to hand me a sheet of paper. I waved it away and Jessica took it from his hand looking it over for me. "What makes you think we'll even be interested?" Mac asked him. "The company could make a lot of money…" "Or we could lose a lot of money," Jessica cut in handing the sheet of paper he had given her a moment ago to Mac. "It—it is a risk bu—but…" I put my hand up stopping him. It was one of my bad habits Isabella hated but started doing herself. "Martin… Maurice…" I said not able to remember his name. I really should have been listening when he introduced himself. "Zack," he corrected me and I nodded my head. I wasn't even close. "Zack, I'll admit you have a great idea here, but you don't even look confident in it, so how do you expect me to be confident enough in it to give you the money to fund it?" I asked him. "I think with all the sources you have available here we could work out any…" "…stop right there. When you bring in a product to an investor, all issues should already be worked out," I tell him. "If it wasn't for Paul asking me to meet with you, you wouldn't have even made it this far. I believe you have a good idea, so I will give you one month to get this fixed and presented properly. Come back in a month with a better presentation and you'll have yourself an investor," I continued. He sort of smiled but looked extremely nervous. "Thank you, Mr. Cullen," he said starting to pack up his things. "Don't thank me yet, we'll see you in a month," I told him. He nodded his head and took all of his things quickly leaving the conference room. "Are you really planning to invest in this?" Mac asked, holding up the sheet of paper with the blueprints on it. "I don't know yet. I have a month to decide," I answered. "It's risky," he reminded me. "Aren't all investments? Masen Corp is known for being risk takers, remember," I replied getting up from my chair. I buttoned my suit jacket back as I looked at them. "Also, before I leave, Isabella wanted me to remind all of you that the girls' birthday party is this weekend," I informed them. "As if we could forget, Keiara and Kiah remind us every day they visit," Jessica laughed, and I smiled knowing that was true. The girls were turning seven tomorrow and to say that Isabella and I were overwhelmed would have been an understatement. They were growing up entirely too fast for my liking. Isabella constantly teased me about trying to build a machine to stop them from growing. If it was possible, I planned to find it. I wanted them to stay my little girls forever. "Yes, they already have Emily and Angela decorating the house," I half joked making them all laugh. "Mid-Quarter reports due on my desk by five," I reminded them before walking out of the conference room. With my secretary Sofia following behind me, I headed back to my office. I ran off the calls I needed her to make on my behalf, and anything else I needed her to do, while I took my morning break. It wasn't so much a break, but usually me talking with Isabella, while she was away on her book tour. After all these years, she finally went back to her love for writing and finished her book. Today, she was the guest star on a talk show to discuss her new book. It was no surprise it was a bestseller. She was finishing up her tour today and I couldn't be happier. The girls, Ethan and I missed her and Elijah like crazy. With the girls and Ethan in school, I stayed home while she took Elijah with her on the book tour. The nanny Penelope traveled with her to make things easier. Today was her last appearances, and the kids and I couldn't wait to see her and Elijah. Little did she know, the kids and I were flying out with Charles to pick her up from New York. "Sofia, hold all my calls," I said though I knew I didn't have to. I walked into my office and shut the door behind me. I sat down behind my desk and turned on the television. The show hadn't started yet, so I decided to call Isabella to see if she was nervous at all. She managed to be on her show–The Ladies–almost every day, but it was something about being interviewed herself that made her uncomfortable. "You're out of your meeting early," she answered with a smile in her voice. "I had to make sure I was out in time to catch you on the show," I replied sitting back and unbuttoning my suit jacket. "Baby, you do know that's why they invented the DVR…" "Yes, but I like to watch you live on television, chéri," I told her with a grin on my face. "Plus, we both know between your sister, my sisters and the media, I'll know everything that happened on the show by this afternoon," I reminded her and she starts to laugh. "Where's Eli?" I asked not hearing him in the background. "Penelope took him for a walk around the studio; he was getting annoyed sitting in the green room," she answered. "Sounds like him; did he give you a hard time falling asleep last night?" I asked, knowing that he wasn't sleeping well while they were away, unless Isabella held him in her arms. "I didn't even fight with him, I just held him until he fell asleep. Did you remember to pack the girls' projects in their book bags before you took them to school this morning?" she asked me, and I laughed remembering that I almost forgot this morning until the girls reminded me. "Yes, I remembered. We have to meet with Ethan's teacher on Monday, too," I informed her letting her know what his teacher told me this morning. I assured Isabella the teacher said it was good news. "I miss you guys so much; I cannot wait until this is over," Isabella sighed into the phone. "We miss you, too; this is your last show and then you have the book signing, right?" I asked, already knowing the answer. "Yeah," she sighed into the phone. "I'll rub your back once you're home," I told her knowing that her back was bothering her. Isabella was five months pregnant with our fifth child. Just like the others, we were surprised when we found out. Isabella was always surprised because she lived most of her life thinking she couldn't have children at all. We were more on our toes with this pregnancy because of her age, even though the doctor said that Isabella and the baby were in perfect health. "I'd like that a lot, could you ask Angela to make me—" "…chicken parmesan. I already did. I pick it up from the restaurant before I pick the kids up from school," I interjected and she laughed into the phone. "I love you, Mr. Cullen." "I love you, too, Mrs. Cullen. Have you packed all of your things already?" "I wish, the apartment looks like a tornado hit it," she answered laughing into the phone. I laughed imagining what it all looked like. "Imagine how bad the house looked yesterday after I put the kids to bed," I said thinking about the mess that was left in the kitchen and living room. "You're super daddy, I'm sure you took care of it," she teased calling me the nickname the kids used when they wanted me to do something. Watching the television I saw that the show was starting. "Almost time, are you nervous?" I asked her. "Yes, I don't know why I get so nervous before an interview," she said, and I knew she was probably biting that sexy lip of hers. "You'll be great, chéri." "You're biased," she replied and I laughed into the phone. "True, but I'm right. Everyone loves watching you because you're amazing," I told her and she exhaled a deep breath into the phone. "How many questions do you think they'll ask about you and the kids?" she inquired, and I laughed because that was why she hated interviews. She couldn't stand that they asked her about our family more than they asked her about her book. "I don't know, Isabella, but if anyone can handle it you can." "Thank you for the pep talk." "Always," I replied, just as I heard someone talking to her. She replied to them and then told me that she had to go. "I look forward to seeing your sexy ass on the television," I told her and she laughed. "I'll give you a shout out," she joked like she always did when she was making a television appearance. Isabella POV After I got off the phone with Edward, I slipped my feet into my shoes. I inhaled a deep breath already anticipating the questions I would be asked. As a journalist I understood why, when I was being interviewed, they asked about my personal life, but it didn't change how annoyed I was by it. At least on my show I had my limit to how far I would go, and I always told the person I was interviewing, what questions would be asked to assure they were comfortable with answering them first. "Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?" I heard Penelope singing on the other side of my dressing room door. "Spongebob Squarepants!" I heard Elijah yell in reply, and I laughed just as the door opened and Elijah came running into theroom with Penelope behind him. "Mommy!" he yelled running into my arms. I smiled hugging him and placing a kiss on his forehead. "Mommy, look what Nelope gave me," he said, pronouncing Penelope's name wrong. "What do you have?" I asked reaching out to him. He showed me a toy car he had in his hand. "A car," he said holding it out for me. "Cool, guess what?" "What?" "I just finished talking to Daddy." "Daddy!" Elijah yelled bouncing up and down. "Yes, we'll see Daddy, Ethan, Keiara and Kiah today," I told him and he started grinning at me. "I pway with Ethan?" he asked me and I nodded my head. "Yes, you play with Ethan," I told him. He adored Ethan, copied everything his big brother did. "We go home now?" "No, not yet, Mommy has a little more work to do and then we're going home, okay?" "Yes," he pouted. I know to him he felt like we've been gone forever, while it was only a few weeks. If it wasn't for Charles flying us around I wouldn't have been able to get so much done in the past week. I placed a kiss on