Author's Note: Welcome! For those of you who have been following along with my other story "The Sacred 28," this story is a companion to that one and will eventually catch up to those events. Don't worry if you haven't read it, though. This story will be able to stand well enough on its own. However, I think reading the two stories together is definitely the most fun. Enjoy! Trigger warnings – suicide, domestic abuse. Only in the first chapter. When I was a little girl, my older sister Andromeda read me a line from a book: the book read, "All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way." At the time, this meant nothing to me. Having only lived one life, and being too young to properly see into the lives of others, I could only assume that my existence was a happy one, or at the very least, an expected one with no possible alternatives. As I grew older, however, I found that the book returned to my mind at the strangest of moments, and that the words made more sense to me with every passing year. Happy families, I decided, are alike only because they all wear the same painted face. Anyone who dared to be unhappy, on the other hand, showed their true imperfect nature. Perfection tends to be universal. Flaws rarely are. My mother and father were a wonderful example of a horrible thing. They married in the summer of 1950 and never forgave one another for it. In fact, each passing year brought with it new and interesting things to hate about one another, and it was to this that they devoted most of their time. My mother produced three girls, and only one son. He died in infancy. Yet another crime between them. But she had us, myself and my sisters and she taught us so much. She taught us how to dress and how to speak. She taught how to take our tea and how to avoid overeating. She taught us how to be pretty, polished and present, with the only alternative being putrid, pensive and plebeian. But above all else, she taught us how to let a room full of witches and wizards know, without ever saying a word, that we are from the ancient noble House of Black, and it is through us that this magical community is made great. To dilute our blood was a sin above all others, and no matter what my mother endured - the details of which I cannot say - this purity was what kept her alive... for a time. The pool of pure-bloods in Great Britain was shrinking even then, but that made our lives all the more precious. We were pure-blooded daughters of the House of Black, and we were a treasure, worthy of Gringotts. That was what my mother told us. I'd like to say I was a fool but in truth, I was only a child. And all children are fools. 1965 To a Muggle, it appeared an ancient abandoned church. Abandoned sights were often a lure for Muggle teens, encouraging vandalism and debauchery. However, this property invited no such attempts. In fact, should any Muggle wander too close to the beautifully decrepit cathedral, a sense of foreboding would draw them away, so powerful it sometimes caused nightmares in those who lingered. That is not to say that the true character of the building was inviting to witches or wizards, either. In truth, although the true home was as majestic and well-kept as a great country manor, no one truly enjoyed visiting, if for no other reason than because of the family it housed. Being only ten years old, Narcissa Black did not know this. Instead, she was only aware that her family was very rich and very powerful, and if anyone disliked them, it was only because they were stupid or jealous. Or, at least, that was what her older sister Bellatrix told her, and Bellatrix knew everything. Skimming the dangling feet of a doll across the floor, young Narcissa hummed to herself a favorite song she had heard on the radio once. She wished desperately for a radio of her own; lots of her friends had them. Her parents had the gold to buy one, of course, even though they were quite expensive. The issue was not with the cost, but with the noise. 7 Grimmauld Place was not a place of raucous activity. Instead, it demanded silence at all times. For her mother's headaches, Narcissa was told. Her mother suffered a lot of headaches, and Narcissa often felt very bad for her. Nearby, Narcissa's two older sisters sat near the window, which shifted and groaned occasionally as rain pelted the glass from the outside. A wild storm was raging, and lightning often pierced the sky outside only to be followed by a rolling boom of thunder. Narcissa liked it. Andromeda, the middle sister, turned a page in her book and shifted closer to the light of her candle. Andromeda and Bellatrix were both in school, but it was Easter break and they were home from Hogwarts, which made Narcissa positively giddy. Getting along without her sisters home had been hard, and Narcissa had been forced to spend a lot more time with her cousins, Sirius and Regulus, who were intolerable. The three Black sisters could have easily had their own rooms – the home was certainly large enough – but they'd chosen to bunk together in three separate beds, lined up near one another, for as long as Narcissa could remember. Now, as they all sat in the dimly lit room bedroom entertaining themselves in their own ways, Narcissa felt perfectly content. To have them home meant everything. "Where'd you get that caramel corn?" asked Andromeda to Bellatrix, looking up when her sister crunched loudly on some candies. "Nicked it from Aunt Walburga's house," Bellatrix said. "Mother says we're not supposed to have candies," said Andromeda. "They rot your teeth and then you aren't pretty anymore." Bellatrix responded by shoving as much caramel corn into her mouth as she possibly could, then smacking so that pieces fell out and onto the floor. "Am I pretty now?" she asked through a mouthful of candy, and Andromeda bit her lip before dissolving into giggles. Narcissa laughed as well, a little too loud, and Andromeda reached over for her and shushed her. "Can I have some?" asked Narcissa hopefully. "You can eat the pieces I dropped on the floor," said Bellatrix, making Narcissa pout. The eldest sister rolled her eyes and extended some to Narcissa, who ate just a few pieces, because she wanted to stay as pretty as possible but candy was hard to resist. "I wish I looked more like both of you," said Narcissa admiringly. She frowned at her blond hair and pale skin. Her mother often said it made her look sickly. "Why don't I have dark hair like you two?" "Because you're adopted," Bellatrix told her, smirking as Andromeda glared at her. "You're beautiful," Andromeda consoled the youngest sister, holding her close. "I would love to have hair like yours. You're unique." "Really?" said Bellatrix, looking unconvinced. "She looks a lot like Father's secretary if you ask me." Her eyes shifted mistrustfully to the door. Andromeda rolled her eyes. "Shut it, Bella. She's just joking with you, Cissy." "I know," said Narcissa, but she still made a face at Bellatrix, who threw a caramel candy at her. Narcissa caught it with her mouth and all three girls dissolved into laughter again. Soon they were each picking up candies and tossing them at one another, giggling madly. It went on for only a few minutes before the door to their room swung open and slammed into the opposite wall. All three girls jumped and froze, eyes wide. At the door, Druella Black stood, her fingers still spread against opening and her pale face hanging, ghost-like, just against the dark backdrop of the hallway. Narcissa noticed immediately that her mother had a painful looking bruise on her face, welling just beneath her eye and giving her pretty features a lopsided look. There was also that vacant look in her eye that Narcissa could not identify, being so young. However, she knew from experience that this faraway stare meant that sometimes her mother would say things that didn't make sense, and she would also appear very sad and distant. This was the look Narcissa was most familiar with, of all her mother's faces. "Sorry Mother," said Andromeda, standing. "We got a little carried away." She edged her foot around to sweep away the candies, hoping they wouldn't be punished further. Their mother didn't look to the floor though, and instead let her eyes fall on Narcissa. "It's alright," said Druella dreamily, moving forward and sweeping a hand over Andromeda's face. At the window, Bellatrix grimaced in her mother's direction, not moving to accept the touch as it was extended to her. Instead, she glanced out of the window and saw her father bidding good-bye to someone who was leaving in the midst of the rain. It appeared to be a woman. Once the unfamiliar witch was gone, their father turned his stern expression back to the front door and slipped inside. "My daughters," said Druella, ignorant of Bellatrix's scowl, "My beautiful, beautiful daughters." Narcissa sat up higher at the praise. Druella looked at her and blinked several times. Then she extended her arms, and Narcissa hurried gratefully into them, because hugs from Mother were a special treat. Andromeda and Bellatrix both hung back. "Go to bed, my dears," said Druella, and the three girls moved from their spots to their respective beds. Narcissa couldn't remember their mother ever tucking them into bed before, but she did so now, making sure each corner was secure at their shoulders. Bellatrix allowed this with a stiff posture, and she did not respond to her mother's wish of a good night. Andromeda tried to smile a little, nodding in reply. Narcissa held out her arms happily, hoping for another hug, and Druella delivered it with another vacant smile. "Good night, my daughters," said Druella, moving across the dark room. The storm outside only seemed to intensify, pounding against the house as if the home had personally offended it. The candle was extinguished, and the candy forgotten. The three girls relaxed slowly as the door closed. "Good night," said Narcissa to her sisters. "Good night, Cissy," said Andromeda. "Good night, Bella." A pause when the oldest sister didn't respond. "Bella?" "Good night," said Bellatrix at last. She was staring at the window still, wrapped up in her bed. The girls settled in and gradually fell asleep. For hours, the storm raged on, but Narcissa found comfort enough to sleep. Then, for no reason she could name, something startled her awake in the early hours of the morning. On a day of pleasant weather, the sky might've been brighter, making way for the sun as it rose. However, the storm kept the world outside devastatingly dark. Still, Narcissa awoke, blinking in confusion for a moment before shifting to her side in an attempt to return to sleep. She didn't, though, because she spotted at that moment her mother sitting in the room with them. Druella was sitting in a rocking chair in the corner of the room, fast asleep. Narcissa's heart leapt. Her mother was watching over them. What a good mother she was! Crawling from her bed, Narcissa padded across the cold floor on bare feet and reached the sleeping woman. "Mother," she said, touching her arm. "You can come and get into bed with me, if you want." She paused, but nothing happened. Narcissa shook her harder. "Mother, wake up! You shouldn't sleep in a chair. Mother!" By then, Andromeda and Bellatrix had both awakened, and they came over behind Narcissa as she attempted to wake her