UPDATE [NOV 2 2014]: This story was recently nominated for the "What If? Fic" award in the TwiFic Fandom Awards. Voting opens today! I cannot post a link obviously since those are still not allowed, but if you Google the name of the awards it will take you to their blogspot page where you can vote. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight nor any of its characters, settings or plot lines. I am not intending to pass off any part of the Twilight universe as my original work nor am I seeking to profit from this work. It is a fanwork intended only for the free (sometimes sexy) entertainment of other fans. AN~This story begins about three years later than Twilight did. It is distinctly AU as almost nothing from the real Twilight plot remains aside from some unavoidable Bella-meets-vampires-in-Forks parallels and the characters, settings, various hotnesses of people, and awesomeness of Charlie. I was happily busy editing several other stories when this one attacked me one morning and I had to grab my phone and start writing it down before I was even awake. I'm glad I did because it's been completely delightful. I truly hope you find it so as well. EDIT [AUG 2014]: I'm currently replacing the original text of this story with a new edit because there were a lot of small things I wanted to adjust. I won't (probably) change anything big so hopefully I won't wreck anyone's favorite part or anything. It's predominantly cleaning up punctuation and adding clarifications of who is talking since I tend to leave off dialogue indicators more than I should. I will add tags at the beginning of each chapter which has been updated if you want to watch for those to make sure you're reading the new ones. 1 Bella Isabella He was there a lot later than usual, reading and ignoring everything around him like he always did. Nearly everyone in the restaurant was gone, and as they'd left, and there were less eyes around to notice me, I was free to glance at him more often than I usually could-as much as I usually would if I were able to. Andrea and I were the only servers left and she was, of course, missing. Probably out smoking with her lumberjack boyfriend. I didn't know if he really was a lumberjack, but he looked like a cartoon version of one. And his name was Jack. It was too much to not make a joke of it although I never shared it with her. During one of my increasingly frequent staring episodes, he looked up from what he was reading, glancing toward me for a second the way people usually did when they were needing their check or a refill of some kind. He probably wanted his check this late at night, but I took a coffee pot anyway as I moved out from behind the counter, because I was vaguely daydreaming about having an excuse to go to his table more than once if Andrea hadn't reappeared yet since he was seated in her section as usual. It was almost like he avoided my tables intentionally, but I'm not sure how he could have possibly known which were mine on any random day since we rotated with each shift. I knew it was stupid to go anywhere near him with a glass jar full of flaming hot liquid, especially since my hands were suddenly very sweaty, but I was feeling especially stupid this evening after spending the last hour staring at him unchecked while pretending to do other things. When I got to his table, he looked up at me, and I almost dropped the coffee pot right then. This was the closest we had ever been to each other. His face was as startling and unnaturally perfect up close as it appeared from far away. He was watching me with disproportionate interest, as though I were about to say something more important than any of the possible questions or comments a waitress could have. Most people just nodded or ignored you when you refilled their cup. Unless they wanted to yell at you-or hit on you which was almost invariably worse. "Hi. Um, do you need a refill or . . . ?" Or what, Bella? Someone to brush your unbelievably pretty hair? I actually started to step back before I did say something so horrifying. His hair was pretty. It was long, which wasn't unusual around here next to a reservation, but a little different for a white guy. I thought he was white. He was pale, but his features were . . . foreign. Strange. Almost like a person of another race who was albino. But his eyes were dark. And his hair. He was just very pale. And he was just staring at me for so long that I almost thought I must have said something inappropriate, or maybe I hadn't said anything at all? Maybe I had just walked up and stood there staring at him . I had opened my mouth to try to speak, hoping whatever came out wasn't as embarrassing as what I was already doing when he spoke finally. "No, thank you, Isabella. I only need my check." "You know my name!" I blurted, followed by a mortified blushing spell which exponentially increased my anxiety at being so close to him. "Yes, it's there on your name tag," he said. He pointed in way which looked like he was offering me his hand but with all of his fingers curled in except for the index. I grabbed at my shirt where he'd pointed, encountering my ugly red name tag. Of course I had known I was wearing it but it only said "BELLA" and people never called me by full name when they saw the tag. "It's—it just says, 'Bella' . . ." I said stupidly. "But that's short for 'Isabella', isn't it?" I always corrected anyone who said it, sometimes rudely, as I hated my name. But I didn't correct him. It was like I had never heard it before. He had a soft, alien accent I couldn't place. It wasn't the name I had hated my whole life when he said it. It was some exotic word in another language that I didn't know the meaning of but sounded far too elegant to be applied to me. "Uh, yeah. I mean, yes, it's Isabella. It's just no one calls me that." "That's too bad. It's pretty." "Is it?" I sounded idiotic. I needed to get away from him fast before I said something disastrous like, "No, you're pretty and I kind of want to kiss you on the mouth . . ." "I think so," he said. "But the opinion of a stranger carries less than monumental weight I am sure." "It's fine." It's fine to think your name is pretty? Bella, what the hell are you saying!? Stop now. "I mean, thanks. That's nice," I said "I didn't say it to be nice. I said it because it's true." "It's just nice that you think so, I guess." Dear. God. This was the worst conversation of my life. "I've made you uncomfortable, I think. I apologize." "It's okay. I'm pretty much always uncomfortable-born in the wrong skin maybe." Now I was picturing myself wearing another person's skin which didn't fit right, and I was seriously hoping he wasn't thinking the same thing because it looked disgusting. "You seem okay to me," he said, his eyes sweeping over my face and hair quickly. I almost thanked him again and luckily stopped myself and instead said, "Well, I should get back we're going to close soon so I need to finish some things . . ." "Of course. Sorry to have kept you." I smiled awkwardly and started to turn, then spun back, making the coffee slosh a little. A small amount spattered onto my bare arm, and I forced myself not to grimace as it burned my wrist. "Do you, um . . . ?" I held up the pot instead of trying to speak more. No! I had already asked him that! Dammit! "No, thank you. The check will be fine." He looked amused. I was pretty certain I had thoroughly embarrassed myself now, and he thought I was part of an outreach program that gives jobs to social rejects with no recognizable skills. I forced myself to walk very carefully back to the counter and replace the pot on the warming plate. I knew if I hurried I would trip or crash into some unmoving object that somehow managed to jump into my path unseen. Andrea appeared then and even though I had originally had a little scheme about going back to his table, I was glad I didn't have to, because I'd almost died the first time. And burned the hell out of my arm as well. She had the pad with his check in her apron pocket anyway. "That guy wants his check," I said calmly, impressed with my apparent nonchalance. "Oh, right, he's still here," she said and then whispered, "He's really weird. Have you ever had him at one of your tables?" "Um, no. He's seems pretty normal, though." Hah! What a stupid lie. One which I regretted right away. He was weird, no doubt about it and it wouldn't do for anyone to even guess at my fascination with him. She eyed me strangely. Yup, I should have just agreed that he was creepy because now I seemed weird for not thinking he was. Great. I tried to make the fact that I was watching her take his check seem casual-a product of boredom. I noted, with an odd swooping sensation in my stomach, that he only glanced at her. Still polite, but not like he had looked at me. Andrea wasn't particularly gorgeous, but she wore tight clothing and had that kind of long blond hair which looks infuriatingly effortless and makes you feel frumpy no matter how good your own looks. By Forks standards, anyway, she was hot and used to male attention everywhere she went. He did not watch her walk away even though I could tell she was swaying her hips a little more exaggeratedly than necessary as she did so. She might have claimed she thought he was weird, but she was bothered by his indifference. She wanted to be wanted by everybody even if she didn't want them. "He's a total homo," she said grumpily, slapping her pad on the counter and ringing up his check with quick, violent stabs on the key pad. I looked up as she said this and saw him smirk at the exact moment when it might had been appropriate had he been standing where I was. He heard us! I thought ridiculously. That was crazy, he was way too far away. But I watched him as I responded, keeping my voice low. "I don't know. He seems kind of European . . ." "Europeans can be homos, too," she said, losing count of his change and having to start over. He smirked again and I inhaled sharply. "Well, I saw him flirting with some girl earlier . . ." I tested, watching him carefully. He had his eyes directed at the book open on the table in front of him but he cocked his head as I spoke, in the universal gesture of subtle eavesdropping. He was smiling now. This was madness, he couldn't possibly hear us! "What girl?" she demanded. "Oh, um, some customer. Didn't look local," I said, suddenly worried unreasonably about what he would think if he had heard me and my claim that I considered our exchange to be flirting. She humphed and slammed the cash drawer closed before stomping back to his table to hand him his change with distinct, uncharacteristic coolness in her manner. She was always nice to customers, obsequious