(Jacob POV) Have you ever tried to think with nine other people in your head? Yeah sounds about as impossible as it actually is. I can't even think with just myself in my head most days. How in the hell is this supposed to be an efficient way of communication? And it's only getting worse. Four more kids on the Rez are about ready to shift. One of them is twelve. Twelve years old! I didn't even know about the birds and the bees at that age let alone a supernatural world full of the very monsters your parents had to check for in your closet before you went to sleep. No one that age should be forced into this. No one should be forced into this period. But with the increased amount of nomads in last couple of weeks and with the Cullen's so close, it was bound to get worse. I know it's out of the question to ask them to leave now, considering Seth imprinted on Ness (a bit odd but it can't really be helped). I always wondered why Seth was so understanding of the Cullen's, even more than me most of the time. I guess that answers that question. Part of me was relieved Bella was still around, and another part of me wanted them to relocate for the good of everyone. Well, except Seth. The nomads, however, were the real problem. The real threat. We needed to figure out what was drawing them here and fast. Jacob focus! I can't think with all this useless jabber going on in your head! I snorted Sure Embry gets distracted by birds and my thinking is mindless… Hey I get hungry I can't help it okay! I snorted again Jacob! Yeah Yeah chief I'll be sure to stop thinking alright. Both of you just focus on running the perimeter. I'm tired of these leeches getting through. That last one was way too close to home and I don't want it happening again. Eye Eye Capitan Me and Embry thought at the same time both speeding up, eyes on alert. Honestly I could think and run perimeter at the same time. It's like second nature to me now, not to mention the fact that I could smell their stench from thirty miles away. Things were still a bit on edge with me and Sam these days, but I guess that was to be expected. I chose Bella over the pack, but I still believe it was the right thing to do. As painful as it is for me to say it, the Cullen's aren't dangerous. Damn, really painful. I still went over from time to time, even after the battle. To make sure Seth was okay, to see Ness, and Bella of course. It still hurt to see her sometimes, but it was getting a little better. Alright Sam is our shift over yet I'm starving? I rolled my eyes, Embry you're always starving. I'm extra starving okay it's a dire emergency Yeah you both come in. The member of the tribe from farther down is almost in and I want everyone here to greet him. Embry and I doubled back to head towards Emily and Sam's house. If it wasn't for the curiosity I held for the visitor I'd be a little miffed about going to Emily's. It's bad enough hearing all about her in Sam's head without having to actually see them together in person. Now I finally understood why Bella had such a hard time being around them. I guess it isn't as bad as Jared in Kim, or even worse Paul and my sister. I could have lived my entire life without knowing what my sister liked in bed but low and behold I'll have that picture until the day I die and maybe even in hell afterwards. Embry and I phased back and started to change in the woods right outside of Emily's place. I could already smell the food cooking. Well I guess there's one perk of coming to Emily's. Embry's stomach growled. "Dammit! I think my stomach is going to eat itself." "Well, it eats everything else so is it really that much of a surprise?" I pulled my sweats up and started to walk out of the woods. Embry shoved me as Sam walked up behind us. "No one eats until Fin arrives." At the smell of Emily's cooking my mouth was watering. Embry and I both let out disappointed groan. "Don't be such animals." "Sorry boss, it's in our nature." Sam rolled his eyes. We walked into the house. The smell was almost unbearable in here. The rest of the pack was already in place. Apart from Seth, but that was usually the case nowadays. Colin and Brady were already digging in. "Hey how come the munchkins get to- " "They're running patrol while Fin is here so they're eating now." Sam rolled his eyes at Embry again. That was a pretty common gesture with Sam. Colin and Brady stuck out their tongues at him. "Oh very mature children," Embry mocked in a very childish way. Hypocrite. Brady threw a roll his direction. He caught it and stuck it in one of the pockets of his pants. I saw Leah over in the corner by herself. When she looked up she gave me a death glare. I sighed. So she was still giving me that look. For some reason she was convinced it was some how my fault her baby brother imprinted on Ness. Needless to say we weren't on the best terms either. I had never been in any drama before all this happened to me and now it seemed to follow me wherever I go. We really should have our own show. Keeping up with the Wolf Pack I can see it now. I sat down in the empty seat next to Quil. "See anything out on patrol?" I could tell his question was directed at me, but his eyes didn't move from the food that Emily was making in the kitchen. "Just a lot of trees and Embry's ass." Embry scoffed, "Not my fault you're too slow. Besides I don't know what your complaining about sounds like a good view to me." He sat down in a seat across from me. I rolled my eyes at him again. "Slow my ass. The wind was coming from behind and I didn't want to smell you." "Just keep telling your self that bud." "Listen up!" Sam was using his Alpha voice. Everyone popped their heads up to look at him instantly. I did so, but less urgently. After I rejoined the pack, I didn't really have to listen to Sam anymore, but out of respect for him I did anyway. Well, most of the time. "Fin should be here any minute. He's an old friend and a very good leader to his pack on their reservation. Don't embarrass yourselves alright." Everyone was silent. Leah Scoffed. "This band of misfits not be embarrassing? That's quite an order chief." Sam ignored her. "I mean it! Just try to be civilized, will ya?" "Yes sir." We all said. I noticed the one that came from the back of the room was laced with sarcasm. "Sam, why is this Fin guy coming now anyway? I mean I don't even think most of us even knew there was another pack, let a lone hearing from one of them." Jared asked the question most of us were thinking. "We haven't really much until now. Their chief contacted Old Quil. Apparently they need our help with something. He didn't really say much over the phone, just when he would be here." Leah scoffed, "As if we don't have enough to deal with around here as it is- " "Leah they are another pack who needs us and we'll help them! I don't want to hear it." Sam's orders to Leah were never as harsh as his to the rest of the pack. The wording was the same sure, but the tone he used was much softer. She rolled her eyes but stayed silent. Out towards the woods we heard a howl; one I'd never heard before. "Sounds like he's here. I'm going to meet him you all stay put. Except for Colin and Brady, you two go run the perimeter." Colin and Brady got up quickly, and burst out the door, still the eager new members set out to please Sam. "Stupid brown-nosers," Quil chuckled. "Hey, if I recall that was you when you first started phasing." "Oh come on I was not that- " "'Could I run extra perimeter's Sam I would be happy to help'" Embry put on a fake voice that sounded nothing like Quil, but was still fitting. "'I can take on extra duties Sam if it will be for the greater good of the tribe- '" Quil reached up and popped him in the face, "I did not sound like that!" I chuckled "Yeah you kind of did…" "You two are so- " All of our conversations went silent as Sam cleared his throat. "Alright listen up," he sounded more stern than usual. Probably putting on a show for the new dude. I hope that wasn't going to last too long. "This is Fin, Alpha of his pack down at the other reservation," the dude was about our size, but he somehow looked more menacing than us. His face looked like he hadn't slept, or smiled for that matter in about a thousand years. He had a massive scar that went all the way up from the line of his sorts to his left eyebrow, adding to the fierceness he had about him. I wouldn't even want to mess with the dude even if I didn't know he could morph into a giant dog. Sam looked like a puppy in comparison. The new guy noded. Oh very civilized. "I'm sure you're hungry from your long run, Fin. Help yourself." He sighed, "thanks," heading over to the food. Embry started to get up to follow, but Sam pushed his head back down. "Ow," he said crossing his arms around his chest as Sam released him. "I have been running perimeter all morning. Can't a hardworking wolf get some grub around here? Geez!" Quil and I snickered. After the grand guest of honor got his food the rest of us were finally allowed to eat. Praise the heavens! Sam whisper-shouted at us to be a little less eager. Yeah, right! This was food we're talking about. Once we were all settled in, there wasn't much talking, just a whole lot of munching and the occasional grunt. So much for being civilized. But in our defense the new guy was just as gross when he ate as we were. Must be a wolf thing. We were all finally too stuffed to eat anymore, well for an hour at least. Everyone kept side eyeing the new guy, waiting for him say something interesting. Or anything really. Sam finally spoke, "Now that everyone is done, Fin," his eyebrows moved up when Sam said his name but he continued to stare down at the table. I major sign of exhaustion. I know the feeling dude. "I know you've come a long way to share something with us. We're all ears." Fin sighed, rubbing his hands over his face in exhaustion. "Sorry I'm a bit rusty at conversations as a human. I haven't been out of my wolf form in about two weeks. But I'm gonna to try my best." Sam's eyebrows furrowed, "Maybe you should rest first, man. You look beat." At this the fierce dude actually cracked a smile. Go figure. "Do I?" Even his chuckle was intimidating, "No sleep is just part of the territory, I'll manage. Thanks though, Sam. It's probably best I let you guys in on what little information I've been able to gather." He paused for a second to look