Prologue: It was a warm July afternoon, the sun was beautiful outside, but of course, Hydra, lying in her bed, did not care much about it, not that day, not while she was in that house, that house ... It was funny how the place where she was born and raised was never really her home, she always felt better in any other corner of the world, except there, she had no idea what was going on in that place and did not want to. That's why whenever she went home on vacation, she soon left, planning trips with her friends, or something else, her mother did not like, but her father was more than happy not having her there, at least it was how she felt, the only sad part was her brother, she had always loved her brother very much, but he could not be more different from her in many ways, in fact, worse than that, he could not be more like his father, it bothered her deeply, but it did not diminish her desire to be close to him, after all, he was not to blame, she thought, it was all her father's fault that made him like this, but then, why was she so different? Chapter 1 THE DIAGON ALLEY - Master Hydra, Master Hydra, Master Lucius sent Dobby to come and call you. Hydra opened her eyes and saw the small, poorly dressed house-elf with whom she had always had a great affection, pity and guilt for the way her family treated him, he was standing in the doorway of her room, with the same expression of fear he always had on. - Dobby, thank you, I'll be right there...- Hydra saw that Dobby did not move - You can go Dobby, I'll be right there – She repeated. - Master Hydra, Dobby cannot move until Master Hydra leave the room and follow Dobby, Dobby cannot, he cannot. The Elf looked afraid and desperate, speaking in a voice that showed great agony. - No, Dobby, no problem, see, I'm getting up already. One more of her father's tricks, he knew very well that she would not go without it. Hydra stood up from her bed in annoyance; she took a quick look in the mirror next to it. She looked like someone who spent the whole day sleeping, her mother would surely complain about this, she was sure, but Narcissa did not seem to remember that when she let Lucius send the Elf to force Hydra to do something that she did not want, so, she had it coming. She fixed her hair a little and followed Dobby down the long, dark corridor and down the stairs to one of the family living rooms. There, she found her father sitting in a large dark green velvet chair, he was quiet, she only saw the back of his light blond hair, and he did not seem to know she was even there. Facing him in two other green velvet chairs, were her mother, Narcissa, and her brother, Draco, with a fourth empty chair between them. "You can go, elf," he said without even looking at the poor Dobby, just waving his hand. Dobby made a reverence and left, always looking desperate to get out of his master's presence. "Hydra, sit down, I need to have a talk to you," Said Lucius, without turning to look at his daughter. Hydra moved towards the empty chair, seeing the serious expressions in her mother's face, she understood, who could be happy with that man around? It was not that Hydra did not love her father, she did, at least, she felt something she thought was love, but her displeasure with his actions made this love become cold and distant, just as cold and distant as her father was... - Well, you did not have to ask the poor Dobby to wait for me, I was coming ..." she said in a polite tone as she sat down. - No, you wouldn't, you would be the same insolent little girl that you always are, and make me wait," Lucius interrupted in a serious, yet calm, tone. - What do you want? - Hydra asked, becoming more impatient and disgusted with the conversation. - Mind your tone; you are not talking to a house elf! - Lucius shrugged his shoulders and looked at her with almost as much contempt as he would look at Dobby. - No, I would never talk to a house elf like that. – Hydra was used to fight with her father like this, but her mother never seemed to get used to it. - Hydra, Lucius, please! – Said her mother, after seeing Lucius's angry expression, Narcissa looked nervous and agitated with her hands clenched. - Sorry, Mom – Said Hydra with a fake (very fake) smile on her face. Lucius leaned back in his chair and spoke politely, while drinking from his goblet, full of firewhiskey. - Some of my colleagues came to talk to me, they asked me why my own daughter, me, being a Hogwarts governor, was not studying there, but at a school in France - Lucius continued, with the same serious and calm tone as before. - And you told them that it was because you preferred that no one knew of my existence? - Her ironic tone always made Narcissa and Draco hold their breath to see Lucius reaction, the accelerated rhythm of her heart did not follow the acidity and freedom of her tongue, she was afraid, but she would never let her father know that, of course... - Hydra, please, daughter, do not say that, please! – Narcissa asked in a crying voice that made Hydra regret what she did, she always had this weakness, could not bear to see her mother afraid or sad, most of the time, at least... - I'm sorry, that's not what I meant, I mean, did you say that the reason is because I asked you to study at a school abroad so I could see new cultures? - Hydra now spoke in a calm, polite voice to Lucius. - Yes, I've said that over and over again, but they insist on saying it's bad for Hogwarts image, as if I somehow thought it is inferior to Beauxbatons, saying that this was a scandal inside the ministry and that Cornelius himself would not like it - Lucius looked highly annoyed at this, as if he could see the people talking, his eyes showing the contempt he felt for them. - That's ridiculous, why would the Minister of Magic care where I'm studying or not? It doesn't make any sense at all. - You do not understand how things work, Hydra, if I could I would have sent you and your brother to Durmstrang, there you would have been taught according to your status, but you and your mother insisted differently... But now that has changed, I cannot tolerate these rumors anymore, they are damaging my image, our image and I cannot and will not lose my position in Hogwarts. - What does that mean? - Hydra now had a look of panic on her face; it could not be what she thought it was... -That I've talked to your principal and to Dumbledore, that incompetent old man that at least did not piss me off this time, he agreed to have you in Hogwarts this year... Those last words were like a knife that hurt Hydra from the inside, that could not be true, she would not leave her beloved school in her fourth year to join her brother at Hogwarts, a place where everyone knew her last name and would always look at her as a person who thinks she was superior to others, like her family did, it was the last thing that she wanted, to be recognized as a Malfoy, to leave her friends, that could not be true... - No, father, please, don't, I do not want to leave my school, please, I give you no problem there, think about that, please, let me stay in my school; I do not want to leave, please... Hydra cried uncontrollably and was comforted by her mother, who appeared beside her chair hugging her, Draco remained motionless, as if he was afraid to speak. - Silence, enough crying, I give the orders in this house and everything is already decided, your former director and Dumbledore had been already warned, your trip to Hogwarts is already certain, there is no return - Lucius was extremely irritated as he spoke these words and tapped his fist on the arm of the chair. - Hydra, my dear, mama studied there, it's a great school, you'll like it, I'm sure - Narcissa spoke in a sweet but at the same time desperate voice. - You're going to like it, sis, there are some people there that really makes me want to leave that place, that's for sure, but in Slytherin there are some pure blood people, Hydra, I can introduce you to those people, you'll like them - Draco said, speaking for the first time since Hydra had entered the room, in an unsuccessful attempt to console his sister. - I do not want to go to Slytherin, I do not want to go to Hogwarts, you cannot do this to me! – Hydra screamed angrily at their parents. - Not only you can, as you will, I am your father; you are underage and will do what I tell you! Here, this is your letter of acceptance - Lucius had a calm voice and a smile on his face, he loved when Hydra felt overpowered, when she had no choice but to obey him, it was a great pleasure that he had. He gave her the envelope with a red seal and the Hogwarts stamp to her, her hands were shaking. - That's what we're going to see - Hydra ran off towards her room, left her mother and Draco calling for her, flew down the hall without caring about anything or anyone. She cried for the rest of the day, Dobby went to her room during the day, giving her snacks, sent by Narcissa, but she refused to eat, did not feel hungry, she actually felt nothing, just sadness, how would she leave her school? Her friends? Her home? Her quidditch Team? She was a goalie, her team had been champions the year before, her captain was counting on her, she could not disappoint them all. She had the Hogwarts letter open on the bed. Dear Miss Malfoy, We are pleased to inform you that. Has a licensed transfer vow at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. We are attaching a list of necessary books and equipment. The school year begins on September 1st. Regards, Minerva McConagall. Substitute Director. The next day arrived very fast, Hydra slept all night, having nightmares, in one of them, she arrived at a dark and cold castle where everyone looked at her and laughed, saying that she was not welcome there, that she should go away. - Enough is enough Hydra, I'm not going to let you just lie on this bed like it's the end of the world anymore, you can be extremely dramatic when you want. It was Narcissa's voice, irritated, she pointed her wand at Hydra's bed and pulled the sheets off, but Hydra did not move. - Look at you, such a beautiful young girl, and full of dark circles around your eyes, get up now, we're going to the diagon alley. - I'm not going anywhere and you cannot force me. - Hydra did not even look at Narcissa, her head was tucked into the pillow. - I can and I will. - Narcissa used a spell with her wand that Hydra didn't know, and lifted her from the bed, she floated her in the air. - Mom, get me out