When I was in Grade 4, my favourite teacher - and, now I thought about it, my potential future self - remarked that anything was possible if you planned for it. I was in emphatic agreement, and, arguably, modelled my life around it. Leave no stone unturned and all that. In the past, I'd been tagged a 'Type B' personality, 'anally retentive', and had, on a number of occasions, been instructed to do everything from 'Christ, would you give the to-do lists a fucking rest?' to 'lighten the fuck up, love'. I could, if pressed, see where the aforementioned naysayers got their inspiration. In my experience, other people seemed to think of life as this big, awesome thing meant to overwhelm, terrify, and excite. Much as you might feel if you took a cruise in a canoe down a waterfall. Life, other people seemed to think, was supposed to be this awe-inspiring ride where you never knew what was going to happen. I had no qualms with this view. I imagined it was liberating. That said, it wasn't my view. To me, life could be described akin to a...I don't know, a lion in a circus (presupposing the circus was ethical, of course). The lion (life) itself is a volatile creature, yes, but it was a creature that can be tamed with training, structure, and rules. Without the aforementioned regulations, it could just run off and destroy everything, potentially hurting you irrevocably. I enjoyed the tamed life. That was why I stood now, in my room, checking off a list of items that were definitely in my backpack, namely post-it notes (a Francesca Wilson staple), a stapler, a hole puncher, a mini sellotape, coloured pens and pencils (fine only), and a bunch of treasury tags. Basic, yes, but my first day at La Push High warranted only a few basic items. Afterwards, I'd be able to gauge what sort of items I'd need to bring in an average day. Hopefully, the high school weren't too big on worksheets, because a) the environment (self-explanatory) and b) I liked all my work to be restricted to the coordinating exercise book. Flyaway sheets are just messy. "Hurry up, Frankie, or you'll be late!" "Ha ha, very funny," I said monotonously. My father knew full well that I was about as likely to be late for...well, anything , as the Cassius Gardenia had of appearing in the middle of this November! Statistically possible, yes, but everyone knew it wasn't gonna happen. "Hey, dad, do we have any of those cereal bars with the chocolate chips left?" "If you're quick! And I hope that's not all you're planning to have for breakfast, young lady." "I'm having some OJ, too," I said once I was down in the kitchen. I said 'kitchen' but it could hardly be classified as that. Pale oak cupboards in a C-shape and one of those fancy silver refrigerators with an inbuilt water dispenser showed some truly lovely potential, but all that lovely potential was obscured by the boxes upon boxes stacked everywhere. "You need to eat something, too, father dearest. You've got a long day of unpacking ahead. My father grimaced. "Don't remind me. I know you'll be tired when you're back from school but I'd appreciate the extra pair of hands getting all of this packed and put away. Then we can sit back and relax afterwards. Maybe whack out a celebratory tub of ice cream." "Of course, daddy. I'm hardly going to sit back while you do all the work. Besides, I meant to ask you to leave the hallway and bedroom stuff to me. You do the kitchen, but I want creative control over our bedroom and the lounge." "I should have known this move across the country is the perfect opportunity for you to unleash Francesca The Interior Designer in her glorious fullness. What are your plans? You have my OK for anything but not cream walls, OK?" "But Dad!" I protested. "A really rich magnolia is the perfect basic canvas. Why can't we let our possessions do the talking for us? What about that really cool elephant rug Auntie Jean got me from India? Stuff like that, statement pieces, honestly speak way more volumes than, say, a lick of magenta on the walls." "This is a definitive no, honey. I left my parents' house at sixteen with barely anything, but one thing I did take with me was a steadfast refusal to be in any way, shape or form like them. And the inside of my house growing up? Cream walls, everywhere, and my dad was so stingy about anyone touching 'em or leaning on them or breathing near them. Anything that could potentially ruin them.. I did not buy this house in a roundabout Freudian wish to live back there again.." "Oh please, you're telling me a lick of magnolia is all it takes for the flashbacks to start?" At the stubborn set of his jaw, I rolled my eyes. "OK, fine. No cream walls. How about a subtle lime shade?" "Sounds good as long as it doesn't look like puke. Anyway, how you feeling about today?" Shrugging, I pushed a slice of wholemeal bread into the toaster. "Fine. I was trying to find the La Push High societies database earlier but there was nothing. With the Quillayute River on everyone's doorstep, you'd really think there'd at least be an established kayaking society or something." I was the sort of person who asked where we were going out for dinner so that I could Google the reviews and menu beforehand. It wasn't that I needed to know everything, it's just that I felt much more comfortable when all variables were face up on the table.. So when I'd found out that the location of my dad and mine's new humble abode fell into the very slim Quileute Tribal High School catchment area, I'd immediately utilised all the forces that be - read: Google - to research my new school in great depth and detail. You could call me a Quileute Tribal High expert. All I needed to do now was, you know, actually go. "There's whale watching," my dad offered. "Saw quite a few signs for it on the drive up here. Have a go at that, you never know. Try something new." "I guess so, but I don't know how popular it'll be with people my age." Something I didn't voice to my father but which I'm sure he'd gauged anyway was that I was so determined to make friends. Back in Topeka, I really only had one friend, and he was my absolute bestfriend. But I didn't really have, just, you know, regular friends to hang out with. I didn't even have acquaintances. I knew it was my fault: my standards were too high and I tended to hold a grudge. It's an absolute disaster of a recipe in high school, and a guarantee of no-friendom. And now I had the chance to do it all again, to do it right . I'd be a fool to mess things up again. Hence the frantic school societies search. I wanted friends, and I wanted them pouring in from all avenues. "Speaking of which," my father said. "The folk here are pretty...to themselves, I've heard. Suspicious of 'outsiders'." My father made little quotation marks in the air with his fingers. "Have you been reading TripAdvisor reviews again?" I joked. "You're white," my father said bluntly, "and are attending a school that is for the Quileute tribe, where 99% of folk will be Native American. I just want you to be careful not to step on any toes." "I will be careful." I fiddled with the charm on my bracelet. "Besides, it's not like they don't have a reason to be, you know, cautious. History has not been kind to the Native Americans." "I didn't say they were wrong to be suspicious, but you're the one who's my daughter. I just want you to have a good time, alright?" I had to smile at that. "Alright." "Kaheleha was the first of the Quileute people to defend La Push from incomers who tried to covet the land for themselves. Legend has it that Kalheleha used the magic running through the blood of the Quileute people to defend it..." I sat in my first period class, attention rapt. This was without a doubt the most interesting Religious Education class I'd ever received, and maybe it meant something that it was about Native American, specifically Quileute, history. I had arrived for the class ten minutes early (a Francesca Wilson standard, that) whereupon there'd only been one other student and the teacher populating the class. The teacher was called Mr. Burke, and if he was surprised to see that his new student was white, he did not show it. "Francesca, we're currently discussing a figure named Kaheleha. He plays a very central role in the religious education curriculum, so you should try to centre your studies around Kaheleha and try to understand all that you're subsequently taught within context of him. I always tell my students to pay attention to the progression and development of the stories I tell. Notice the change. It will be important." I nodded, eager to absorb every word. "I'll make a note of that. I'm really excited to learn," I said earnestly. The side of his mouth quirked up ever so slightly. "Nice to hear. If you feel overwhelmed by information or feeling sketchy about things, talk to me after class." Then chatty students filtered in, I played with the edges of my fresh, clean lined paper nervously, and Mr. Burke began teaching. When he taught, he spoke in a clear, confident voice with one hand casually tucked into his slacks. His eyes were dark and direct, with posture so upright and regal my old ballet teacher would have swooned. God, I loved confident men. However, I was also a sucker for nerds, and the intersection for that Venn diagram is very slim indeed. Mr. Burke had just the right nerdy-confidence combo; you could tell he felt passionately about his subject. Mr. Burke paused in his speech and looked around at the class. "Anyone confused about anything thus far and need it cleared up?" To his credit, his gaze didn't dwell on me. "No? OK. I'm going to pass round this worksheet. Take one each. On one side you'll see two familiar figures and on the other side two more familiar figures. I want you to write down everything you know about all four so far." Drat. First period and already a worksheet? I hope this wasn't going to set a precedent. "Do you need some help?" A soft voice beside me asked. To my left, a girl with a beautiful, black sheet of hair hanging over one shoulder, and the longest eyelashes I'd ever seen, was smiling at me shyly. "Oh!" I exclaimed, excited and grateful at the same time. Could this be it?! My first friend at La Push High? "I'd love some. Thank you! What's your name?" "I'm Kim," she said, twiddling a pen between her fingers in what I could only describe as a nervous manner. "What's yours?" "I'm Francesca." As I smiled at her, I saw something that I thought was a blush rising on her cheeks. I was surprised I could see it on skin so dark. "So," I said, scrambling for something to say. "Have you...have you always gone to school here?" Lame. I inwardly winced at my blatant attempt to make small talk. Lame, lame, lame. Kim nodded. "I've gone to school here since kindergarten." I blinked, impressed. "Wow. Is that - is that normal?" Even as I realised my social faux pas, I was too busy being surprised at the snort of laughter that left the mouth of the girl I'd known all of five minutes. "I don't know what 'normal' is, but it's pretty standard