Rating: R/NC-17 Pairing: HP/DM Contains: OOC, OC, AU, mpreg, hinted noncon Disclaimer: Harry Potter and all the characters belong to J.K. Rowling, but the plot as well as the original characters Piper (my Mary Sue parody), Tom, Jonathan, James, Joz, Timothy, Blaise, Jonas, Sarah, and the Sakanoues are mine. Disclaimer II: The nickname "Dracums" was made up by an old friend of mine, Golden, so therefore it belongs to her. I have her permission to use it. A/N: This is my first long HP fan-fic, which I started writing way back in 2004 when I was 19, and it is still unfinished. (Back then, the sixth and seventh books had not been released yet, so therefore lots of things are different from the canon. This story branches off from the moment the DA club was exposed and disbanded and takes an alternate route from there.) Originally, Memory Loss was supposed to be a five-part story, but my readers were livid at the intended ending and demanded that I re-write it or think of a way to "make it right." So I wrote Memory Loss Revisited , intending that to be an alternate ending to the story. But some time after that, I got an idea for a continuation, and it wound up getting longer and longer ... So far, the story has 5 cycles: Memory Loss, As Dark as It Gets, And so the Tables Were Turned ..., Parallel Universe, and Rape. Thank you so much for reading my story, and a huge thank you for all the reviews, faves, and follows! They make me really happy. XD Have a lovely day, and enjoy! ;) /Pipe. Memory Loss, part one: Teach Me Before Harry Potter got his letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and learnt that he was a wizard, there were three people he hated passionately: his uncle Vernon, his aunt Petunia, and his cousin Dudley. They were the only family he had ever known, but they all treated him worse than excrement. For ten intolerable years he had suffered in their care, playing the part of the house busboy. They saw him as their private servant, not their nephew. He had never thought that he could hate anyone as much as he hated them. Until he met Draco. From the very first moment, their very first day at Hogwarts, Harry knew that Draco Malfoy was the worst kind of person. They hated each other's guts, and they were always trying to beat each other at everything and nothing. Their mutual hatred exceeded everything else. When Prefect Malfoy lost him his position as a Seeker on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Harry was beyond mere hatred. They were separated by the thin line of good and dark. Arch enemies. But somewhere along that line, everything changed ... Harry Potter rose from his chair at the same time as his classmates, daring a fleeting glance at the Ravenclaws. How many of them knew? All throughout class, they had taken turns at staring at him as if he was some sort of freak show. Well, that might be because of all the lies that were still being spread about him through the Prophet , or because of the Minister for Magic's determination to constantly punish him and trying to get him expelled, or because of the open war between him and Professor Umbridge, or simply because it was easy to blame all the new rules and regulations on him. All those suggestions were far better than the possibility—and likeliness—that they had all heard about his embarrassing date with Cho in Hogsmeade. They were her house mates, right? They ought to know. Lunch break was seldom a relief of stress these days. Harry had been forced to get used to the whole school staring at him and whispering about him. They did not even bother to stop when he passed them in the corridor or walked between the long tables in the Great Hall, but instead raised their voices defiantly. And then there was Malfoy, of course, always trying to take a few points from Gryffindor House while simultaneously seeking out every opportunity to mock and provoke Harry. He thrived on the implications that Harry Potter was a disturbed and possibly dangerous boy, and it certainly gave him many creative ideas … Harry hated him. If it had not been for the immense efforts that Umbridge put in to keep tabs on him, he happily would have punched the lights out of the sneering Malfoy heir. But he could not afford another warning, because the very same second he got expelled from Hogwarts, Lord Voldemort would appear to finish what he had started fourteen years ago. He could not risk that, not when he seemed to be the only one able to keep a tab on Voldemort's activities. And speaking of which, he had another Occlumency lesson with Snape that evening. Wincing, Harry forked around his sausage and mash on the half-empty plate. He had never imagined that his time at Hogwarts would turn into this dreary everyday situation. What he had regarded as his home for over four and a half years had suddenly turned into a prison. "So, DA meeting tomorrow, eh?" Harry looked up. Justin Finch-Fletcheley was leaning in over his shoulder, a very bold gesture bearing Umbridge's busy hawk eyes in mind, a sly grin playing on his lips. Hermione gasped and dropped her fork. "Justin, use your coin! What do you think that Umbridge will do if she finds out? We will all get expelled!" she hissed accusatorily. Justin raised his hands in a defensive gesture. "No need to get all worked up, Granger! I only asked you for a date!" he said loudly enough for his words to carry to the teachers' table. At first, Hermione went pink and looked as if she would start yelling something else at him, but then she realised that this was Justin's way of saving their illegal club from being exposed. "Same place, same time, bring your antidotes," Harry mumbled as Justin made to walk off. Everyone was watching them drop-jawed. It appeared that none of them could believe that anyone would want to ask Hermione Granger out on a date, which made Harry extremely angry. Sure, she could be a real pain in the arse, but she was also very smart and relaxing to be with. She was a great friend and an even better person. The DA meetings were great for everybody, but especially for Harry. For three hours a week, he actually felt like people believed in him, and that minimal semi-trust was more than enough to temporarily lift his spirits and make him forget about Umbridge's madness for a while. Being a teacher actually made him feel important; being able to help people with practical difficulties and later even watch them overcome their mental obstacles and manage the spells they had so recently been unable to cast was immensely gratifying—and satisfying. He made a difference, and by teaching them everything that he knew about Defence Against the Dark Arts, he was giving them a means to protect themselves against Voldemort and his Death Eaters. That particular evening, though, the mould was brutally broken. As he opened his mouth to welcome them to yet another DA meeting, the door opened behind him. Startled, 27 pairs of eyes instantly turned in the direction of the door. A few of them gasped. Harry assumed that everyone expected Professor Umbridge to walk through the door, so when a tiny, scrawny creature with huge ears wearing thirty grey woollen hats and socks that did not match entered the Room of Requirement, Harry turned his eyes to heaven and moaned with relief. "Dobby, what are you doing here? We were just—" "Harry Potter, sir! You must all go immediately! Dobby heard them talking while cleaning and came to warn Harry Potter that she is coming!" Harry frowned. "Who's coming?" "Harry Potter has no time to ask questions—she is coming here now, sir!" No need to ask who was coming anymore. "Umbridge." The name made all his mates jittery and panicked; they all looked at each other with frightened puppy eyes, muttering anxiously to themselves, wondering what to do. "Well, don't just stand there!" Harry yelled. "Run! Run as fast as you can, but not all in the same direction—we need to protect our interests or we'll all be fried!" And with those words, he turned to the door, trying his best to help all of his mates out of the room before sprinting off himself. Sadly enough, he only got about thirty feet before somebody tripped him up. He had no time to catch himself: with a loud thump! he fell hard on the floor, bruising his left elbow bad. When he looked up, he found that a pair of exceptionally cold silver eyes was staring down at him. He clenched his hands. " You! " Malfoy sneered down at him. Then, unexpectedly, he turned in the other direction and yelled, "Here, Professor Umbridge, I got one!" The burly woman immediately came running out of the shadows. "Which one is it? Which one is it?" she was panting, desperate to get there before the little bugger had time to escape. When she caught sight of Harry still sitting on the floor, half dazed, she gave a shriek. "Oh, it's him! It's him! I got him !" The laughter that followed would haunt Harry in his sleep for weeks to come, he was sure. Not because she was scary in any way, but because she was so aggravating that he would be sure to be annoyed by the mere memory of her long after he—or she—had left Hogwarts, whichever left first. Next thing he knew, he had been dragged by an annoyingly self-satisfied Umbridge to Professor Dumbledore's office, and what happened in there both stunned and embarrassed him. Dumbledore had taken the blame for him. Now there was no turning back. He had an obligation towards his fellow DA members—he had made many promises regarding their secret club—but he also had an obligation towards Dumbledore now. He could not allow himself to make any more mistakes and get himself expelled from Hogwarts, because that would mean that Dumbledore's sacrifice had been in vain. Heavy at heart with all the troubles that had come his way, Harry walked back through the corridors towards Gryffindor Tower. It was time to go to bed and try to sleep this misery away. Sure, the pain and the frustration would all be there in the morning, awaiting him like two evil spirits, but at least he would be able to forget them for a few hours. If he could sleep at all. Maybe he would just have another of those Voldemort-related dreams … "Is it true?" Harry stopped dead in his tracks and turned towards the familiar, hated voice. Any other day he simply would have ignored his nemesis and walked on, but on this particular night he was in a dangerously self-destructive mood and was practically looking for physical trouble to make up for and mask his mental troubles. And there was something else that compelled him to turn around … something in the voice that had spoken those three words … Something different. It was no longer cold, cruel, and calculating; it was curious, courteous, conversational. "Excuse me?" "Is it true?" Draco repeated. He was leaning against the wall, studying Harry with a thoughtful expression on his flawless pale face. His superior posture was the same, all right, but there was something about him that was utterly different … Harry could not quite put his finger on it, but he had a feeling that the usual hostility between them had faded away the minute Malfoy had uttered that question. A frown found its way onto Harry's face. "Is what true?" He wondered why the Hell Malfoy was straining to have a normal conversation with him