This story is the sequel to my other fic, 'Love This Pain'. It is considered Book II of the 'Love Vs. Misery' saga. You do not have to read LTP to understand this fic, but it will certainly help. Contains mature topics and language. Rated M for a reason. Well, several. Chapter 1: What an Asshole Lives For Brady My name is Brady. And I am an asshole. A self-aware asshole, as a matter of fact. I knew what I was. You could say that I owned it. The wood of the headboard creaked under my iron grip. The sheets were starting to get damp with our sweat, her cries were too shrieky and annoying, and my roommates probably wanted to kill me, but none of that mattered. Instead, I went faster, thrusting my hips against her until I heard the satisfying slapping noise of our bodes as they moved. She bit her lip and moaned, her nails digging into my ass as she came. "Oh!...Brady...fuck yes!" she cried, her voice high-pitched and needy. "You're amazing!" "I know," I grunted, pushing harder. It had only taken me an hour to get her into bed. That was all it took – I was just that good. As I watched the tan, big breasted brunette girl cry out beneath me, I was struck with a delightful thought. I was such an asshole, but...it feels good to be me. Lifting up her leg, I slung it over my shoulder and gave her a wink, before changing the angle of my movements. She arched her back and mewled into the pillow, her body spasming with pleasure. Jesus, it feels so good to be me. Especially right now. She twisted again, her mouth falling open and her eyes turning hazy as her orgasm overcame her body. "Say my name!" Fuck. Maybe it wasn't so good. I groaned and pretended to be so lost in my euphoria that I couldn't speak. Instead, she wailed again and begged me to say her name. I felt myself begin to coil as my own release approached, taking over every thought in my mind. "Brady...what's my name?" she panted, staring up at me. I growled and pummeled her faster, ignoring her icy glare. "Ahhh!" I grunted, tumbling over the edge. My cock pulsed in pleasure as my body reeled, my breathing heavy and labored. Fuck, I definitely loved sex. I felt my own release calm my frazzled thoughts for a good five seconds before her high-pitched whiny voice broke through again. "Um, hello?" I glanced down at the stilled body beneath me, raising an eyebrow in question. "Yes?" She fumed. "I asked you what's my name?" I paused, debating my answer. "Um, Michelle?" She gasped in disgust, pushing me off of her with a grunt. Standing up, she wiped her sweaty hair out of her face with a pouty noise. "My name is Kelly. Not Michelle. Not even close, and this is the third time we've hooked up!" "I was drunk!" I protested, flopping down on my bed. I sighed, trying to catch my breath as I basked in the post-orgasmic feeling that had overtaken my body. I watched as she picked her clothes up off the floor, quickly dressing. It was true - I had managed to get drunk for a good half an hour. About a bottle and a half of Jameson had done the trick, and I had been determined to ride out the feeling before the searing heat of my body burned it off. When you were a shape-shifting werewolf with a lava-esque body temperature, it was hard to enjoy the feeling of being drunk for long, and I had wanted to revel in it. We had fucked twice last night and once this morning, and well...an hour of drunken sweet talking to her bimbo ass had been worth it. "Next time you try to pick me up after a night of drinking, I'll remind myself that your cock's not worth it, even if it's huge. I hope karma makes it fall off. Then what would you do?" "Not gonna happen sweetheart. Don't let the door hit you on the way out," I chuckled. You're an asshole," she spat, swinging the door open. She pulled it shut with a slam, disappearing. "Yeah, well tell me something I don't know, bitch!" I bellowed after her. I couldn't even finish that sentence without laughing. I leaned against my headboard, pulling the used condom off and tossing it into the trash. I didn't care if she was angry with me, and I didn't really care if my roommates were pissed at me for fucking the shit out of her despite our paper thin walls. Pulling on a pair of boxers, I stumbled out of my bedroom and down the hall, finding one of my roommates at the kitchen table. Embry looked up at me, his gaze reproachful as he crunched on his cereal. "Really?" he asked flatly. I barked out a laugh, slapping his shoulder as I sauntered past. "Really," I confirmed, flinging the cabinet open. "Christ, are we already out of clean bowls? My mom did the dishes like a week ago!" "Yes, Brady, we're out of bowls. Call mommy to have her do your dishes," Embry snapped. Shit, was he ever grouchy lately . I felt my skin crawl as he mentioned my mother. "Hey," I growled, turning around. "My mom does my dishes because I'm busy." "Yeah? Well, does she know her baby is busy fucking the whoriest girls in La Push?" I grabbed a gigantic mixing bowl, placing it on the counter with a clatter. Embry looked up, obviously annoyed with my antics. "You're one to talk." He rolled his eyes and grunted. Whatever. He could be pissed at me for all I cared. He was rarely home anyway, and I could give a shit if I was on his bad side. I had needed a good fuck anyway. I became antsy if I didn't get some every week or so. "Last night you were loud, this morning you were just disgusting. Isn't it time to grow up a little?" he asked. I laughed loudly again as I poured a mammoth sized portion of cereal into the too-big bowl, sloshing a generous portion of milk on top. "Spoken like a true imprinted pussy," I chuckled. Embry frowned at me, his eyes turning down towards his breakfast. He had imprinted not long ago, and apparently it had been nothing but constant ups and downs for him since then. His imprint had major daddy issues, and had caused him nothing but trouble since she had come into his life. I didn't understand why people celebrated imprinting – it was nothing to celebrate. It wasn't a blessing. It was a death sentence. Imprinting was a phenomenon that was supposed to be rare. Rare my ass. It was only a true blessing in extremely rare situations. In my opinion, two prerequisites need to be met for imprinting to provide any form of happiness. One, the girl had to be single, the same age or only slightly younger. Two, she had to be open to the whole freaky supernatural part of our lifestyle. The instances of that happening were slim. Very slim. Half the time when a wolf met his imprint, she was so unattainable it wasn't even funny. Besides, why would any girl want to spend the rest of her life with a shape-shifting werewolf, retired or not if she can help it. "You're looking extra miserable today. Your imprint still with her boyfriend?" Embry glanced up at me, his dark eyes burning into mine. I knew people were getting sick of my behavior; I could feel my pack brothers growing tired of me. But I couldn't help who I was. Like I said. Asshole. "Shut it Brady. Just shut it." "Touchy touchy," I snorted, diving into my cereal. We ate the rest of breakfast in silence, both of us annoyed, but too preoccupied to care about commenting further. Like I said before; I knew people were getting tired of me. But honestly, it was the only way I knew how to be. Being loud, got me annoying, got me reactions. Wasn't that what assholes lived for? I ignored Embry some more, glancing out the kitchen window as the sun made a rare appearance in La Push. We lived with the cloudy weather ninety percent of the time, so seeing the sun emerging through the tree outside my window was surprising. "You actually have to go to work today," Embry growled, tossing his dirty bowl in the sink in front of me. Water splashed up against my chest as he sauntered away, making me snarl over my shoulder at him. He moped away, uninterested in a fight. Damn. I could really use a good, rough brawl right now. I had spent the last few days on edge, and I didn't know why. So far it wasn't anything a run, a bottle of whisky, and a girl could fix. That was usually what pacified me for the time being. But lately I felt off. Or different. I couldn't place it. I arrived at work just as the sun was making it's way up into the sky. It was spring in Forks, and I was glad that the weather had finally improved enough for me to work. When you did construction and concreting for a living, it made it tough to make a lot of money when it rained the majority of the time. I couldn't complain though; my small house in La Push was split between myself, Embry, and a few other members of our pack, and it was paid for. I never got sick or seriously injured, so I had no need for insurance or benefits. My only cost was food and utilities – both of which I could mooch off my loving yet gullible mother if needed. "Hey man, care to keep it down tonight? I can't go through one more day of work like this without a good night's sleep. Between your marathon fucking sessions and the double patrols Jake has me on, I'm running on like two hours," Astin whined, dropping a bag of mortar. I dropped my two bags next to his, smirking at him. "Maybe if you got laid once in a while you'd sleep better." "I'd have to have a girl to do that," he moped. "Then why don't you take the shrink wrap off your balls and actually introduce them to your dick? I think you'll find you might like having them." He sighed and rolled his eyes at my comment. "Brady, I share a wall with your headboard. I put ear plugs in and I still couldn't sleep. Can't you give it a rest for like...one night?" I chuckled to myself as my pack brother whined. I worked in construction with several members of my pack as that kind of schedule usually worked well for us. My father owned the construction company we were working for, but he wasn't in on our little wolfy secret. He just thought we were bulked up guys who enjoyed physical labor in lieu of a good workout. I had phased for the first time in front of my mother, so needless to say, she knew about my supernatural life. However, my father was still in the dark about everything, and I preferred to keep it that way. As if on queue, I heard the door of the mobile trailer slam close. I knew my father was in there with the architect going over the plan for the day. Looking up, I braced myself for whatever wrath my father wanted to dole out today. "Here we go," Astin muttered, walking away. I straightened up as my father marched up to me with another man in tow. "Brady! Come meet Mr. Scott. Mr. Scott, this is my son, Brady." I tried not to yawn as I shook