Thank you to daw theminstrel for beta reading and to Karri for help with the idea. Bodkin has always cheered for more Celebrían stories, so this is in honor of her birthday. Happy Birthday, Bodkin! Celebrían is about 40 years old in this story (picture a 15-16 year old). A Diplomatic Coup Celebrían entered the family sitting room to find her sons and parents waiting. Her father poured her a cup of wine and brought it to her, while the twins made room for her on the sofa. "Where is Adar?" asked Elrohir. The door opened again and Elrond entered. He smiled, then walked to her, held out his hands and pulled her to her feet to kiss her in front of everyone. "You are an extraordinary naneth," he said. Celebrían sighed and smiled as Elladan slid to the floor to make room for their adar next to her. Celeborn brought another cup of wine for Elrond, amusement dancing in his eyes. "You are an extraordinary adar," Celebrían replied. She relaxed against Elrond as he began to knead her shoulders. "Though were we extraordinary, we might have seen what she was up to first and prevented it." Elladan laughed, a little too gleefully. "You have always said we must make our own mistakes. That includes Arwen." She looked at him thoughtfully. "I must say that Arwen's acts of disobedience are far different from those of you and your brother. That does make it difficult to predict behavior from one child to the next." Elladan grinned unrepentantly. "I dragged my twin along more than once into mischief." "Yes, and you were fairly obvious about it," noted Celebrían. "The mischief that did not seem like mischief on the surface could usually be traced to Elrohir." Elrohir flushed, and everyone laughed. "So what is her punishment?" asked Elladan finally. "That is between Arwen, your father and me," she told him as she tweaked his hair. "If she wishes to tell you, she will." Elrond wrapped his arms around her. "I must say that you are better at discipline when they are at this age than I am. You know just the right punishment to fit the disobedience and ensure they learn." Celebrían grinned impudently at her parents. "I must say most of my wisdom was learned at the receiving end.' Galadriel laughed. "You were a spirited child. Rather fearless, too. I suppose my own parents would not be surprised in the least that I would have such a daughter." "Naneth, now you must tell us a story of such an occasion," said Elrohir. "We want to know only so that we might make good parents ourselves one day." Elladan grinned. "Speak for yourself, Elrohir! I want to be entertained hearing how our naneth got into trouble." Celebrían lightly swatted his head and began to speak. oooOOOooo Celebrían slipped out of her gown and dressed quickly in trousers and tunic. She fastened a cloak about her neck and tucked her dagger into her boot. She stopped before the mirror that hung upon her wall, inspecting her appearance. In these clothes, she might pass for an ellon, as long as no one looked at her too closely. She opened her door far enough to peer out into the main room. It was dark, which meant her parents remained at the council hall or had retired to watch the harvest celebrations near the city fountain. She walked quickly out the door, turning on to back streets empty of people in the hopes of no one recognizing her. She ran to the large oak tree that stood at the entrance to the market, and climbed to sit on a low wide branch hidden in the brilliant scarlet fall canopy of leaves. She could smell the scent of a wood fire burning and see the soft orange glow rising from near the city center. Voices were raised in song, a melody of hope and joy, but more and more lately it seemed that the songs were of the West. A shadow had hung over the city for several years, since news had come that Annatar was really Gorthaur, Sauron, lieutenant to Morgoth and survivor of the destruction of Thangorodrim long ago in the First Age of the Sun. The hopes of many had been dashed, and many eyes had turned West. Celebrían looked east. Her heart had not turned West, for she knew little of her mother's early home. Her father had told her stories of Doriath and Sirion, Balar and Lindon. Her mother spoke also of those times, but seldom of her life in Aman. She had once asked her father why this was, and he had replied that some memories were still too bitter. She did not wish to think about those who might leave. There was too much here, now, to think about and explore. Like the dwarves from Moria. Many of them had traveled down from Moria, invited to the harvest celebrations. One young dwarf that she had become acquainted with had told her that some of them were leaving after the feast, to go to a favorite spot in the hills. He had invited her to come. She tapped her hand against her thigh impatiently. Narusel was late. "Celebrían!" Celebrían turned at the loud whisper, sliding to the ground at the call of her friend. Narusel ran up to her, her cheeks flushed. "No one saw me leave." Celebrían grinned. "You worry too much. I told you no one would notice, especially not with the celebrations ongoing. The dwarves said their parents never miss them either. Come!" She took Narusel's hand and they ran through the darkened streets to the back gate of the city. It was open, with two guards standing at their posts. They were not paying attention to who was leaving the city, only those coming in. Celebrían slowed to a sedate pace and fell into step with a small group of elves leaving. They lived outside the city walls, farming plots of land on the plains to their south. As soon as they were outside the gate, Celebrían began to run, tugging Narusel along with her. "How are we going to get back in?" asked Narusel breathlessly. Celebrían laughed. "We will worry about that when we are ready to return!" They followed the dwarf road toward Moria. Celebrían slowed as they came near the spot where the dwarves had told her a path led off into the hills. He had taught her the whistle to use for them to come and meet her, but she was determined to find them herself. Her adar had taught her to track, though admittedly she had not practiced much in the dark. "And they are dwarves and not exactly subtle about leaving a trail," she said under her breath. Just when she thought she might have to give in and whistle for an escort, Ithil came out from behind the clouds and shone brilliantly upon a small footpath that snaked off the main road. "There!" she cried softly, and plunged into the overgrowth. She found much evidence of dwarves having passed this way in the recent past, but then, they were not trying to be stealthy. She followed their path, deep into the hills, finally reaching a hand back to warn Narusel from running into her when she stopped. "Do you hear them?" she asked. Suddenly voices rose in a loud roar, difficult for anyone to miss. "They're singing!" replied Narusel. "I see the light of their fire." "We will surprise them," said Celebrían gleefully. "They are so loud, they will never hear us approach." They crept up to the small grove where the dwarves were gathered around a large fire. A barrel of ale was set upon a tree stump, and it flowed freely. Some of the dwarves were dancing a sort of jig, while the others sang and kept time by clapping their hands or beating on a form of drum. Celebrían found her foot tapping along with the beat. She could only pick up occasional bits of the dwarvish, but the gist of the rowdy song was unmistakable. "What are they singing about?" whispered Narusel. "Their hopes for finding gold, mithril and wives," replied Celebrían, grinning. "I can dance that jig." She took off her cloak and handed it to Narusel, then shook her hair loose. She climbed up into the tree and shimmied out a long branch until she was above the dancing dwarves. The tempo of the music had increased, with the dancing dwarves dropping off one by one in laughing exhaustion. When there was one left, she dropped into the glade. A cry arose, with alarm by some, but as she began to jig along with the remaining dwarf, the cry changed to one of glee. The dwarves were on their feet, stomping and clapping. She met the eyes of the dancing dwarf, and his eyes widened in surprise as he recognized her. His face split in a grin so wide that his face shone in the darkness. He held up a hand, which she took, and they danced together, rather than in competition. They spun faster and faster, leaping and turning, until finally the dwarf threw up his hands and gave a roar. The rest of the dwarves roared with him then they clapped in appreciation. "My lady, Celebrían," panted the dwarf, bowing low. "My lord, Dai," she replied with a sweeping bow befitting the grandson of Durin, King of the Dwarves. He took her hand and led her to a seat near the fire. Celebrían beckoned to Narusel from the shadows, and she came forth. The dwarves cheered when she bowed, then stood and made a place for her among them. "We have no wine, which we know you elves prefer," apologized Dai. He grinned slyly. "Will you have a cup of ale?" "I will," replied Celebrían readily. She took the cup offered, as did Narusel. All eyes were upon them. Celebrían lifted the cup to her lips and took a sip. The taste was bitter and strong, unlike anything she had tasted before. She swallowed, blinking back the tears that threatened her eyes, and then lifted her cup high. The dwarves cheered again. Narusel took one sip, coughed and sputtered, and the dwarves laughed good-naturedly, quickly replacing her cup with one filled with water. "Here, you have to eat something if you're going to drink that," said Dai. He handed her a piece of roasted meat, and she watched as he tore into his with his teeth. She lifted it to her mouth and ate it in a similar manner, though she hoped with more grace. It was cooked in a way she was not used to, but she found the spices went well with the ale. Soon she had finished the leg of meat along with half the ale. They had all been speaking in the common tongue, but she heard several of the dwarves muttering in dwarvish. They were wondering at her boldness in joining them, and if she would join them in singing. "I would love to learn your songs," she replied in dwarvish. Many a head looked at her in surprise then they laughed and cheered again. "She knows the dwarvish tongue! Few elves are there who can speak our language!" She found her ale refilled and another piece of meat shoved in her hand. "A walking song, a mining song or a courting song?" asked a dwarf from the far side of the fire. Celebrían heard the laughter that twittered around the fire, and suspected that one of these must be considered unfit for some ears. The dwarf who had asked the question looked slightly older than the others, his beard was deeper and longer, whereas many in the group still had thin or short beards. "A walking song," she replied finally. When broad grins appeared on many faces and Dai groaned, she knew she had not chosen well.