Welcome to History Lessons: The Third Age. This story is about half written and fully outlined, so I think I have enough to begin posting. I hope to post about a chapter a week. It's a bit melancholic, but I have decided that this is appropriate. The cast of characters is large, but the primary POV will be Elrond's. This is story is caught in what Verlyn Flieger in her book 'Splintered Light' calls 'the vision of hope and the experience of darkness' - a fitting description not only of Tolkien's work at large, but the experience of the elves at this time. Please do let me know your thoughts - a little encouragement is most welcome. Chapter 1: The Most Hardy of Living Men " Then Aragorn, being now the Heir of Isildur, was taken with his mother to dwell in the house of Elrond; and Elrond took the place of his father and came to love him as a son of his own. But he was called 'Estel', that is 'Hope' " The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen, Appendix A, The Lord of the Rings Imladris 3017 Third Age Elrond entered the darkened room silently, passing through the sitting room where sword, bow and quiver were set with care in the corner that had housed them whenever the occupant was in residence. No clothing was scattered about, nor were any personal items loose on the table beside the comfortable chair. Ithil's light bathed the sleeping chamber in a soft glow, softening also the grim face of the one who lay sleeping upon the bed. Moving closer, Elrond touched lightly upon Aragorn's brow, and beneath his touch even the remaining wrinkle of tension fled from the man's face. He was deep in sleep, completely relaxed, 'boneless' he would call it, though Elrond had oft wondered how the term could be used to describe one such as Aragorn. He had soaked long in a tub of hot water, essential oils drifting pleasantly to soothe and relax his mind. His favorite foods had appeared without request, for Cook did not forget the favorites of any of the House's children. Well fed and clean, he had fallen upon his bed and drifted instantly into sleep. Arwen had sat quietly by his side, having arranged his bath and brought wine to accompany his meal, making not even a demand of conversation upon the one she loved. His weariness ran to the core of his being, and she wanted nothing more than to ease him. For this Elrond knew Aragorn was grateful; Imladris remained the one place, he said, where he could safely let down all guard and allow his body and mind respite from the hard life he led. Elrond's fingers slid across the damp strands of hair, smoothing them away from Aragorn's face. Though he wished to know more of his foster son's thoughts, he would take no liberties in learning what lay beneath the surface of his mind. He had heard enough in the brief report that Aragorn and Mithrandir had provided before falling into their beds: That the ring found by Bilbo was likely the One Ring. Events were being set in motion, Elrond knew, that could not be stopped or reversed. Evil had been growing in the lands to the east, causing him to call Arwen home from Lothlórien, for soon not even the woods protected by her grandparents would be safe. He expected that Aragorn's story, when he was able to tell it, would show that time was growing short. He finally sat on the edge of the bed, straightening the sheet over Aragorn. Hovering, his sons would call it, for that is what he did when one of his children was in such a state. He felt a soft touch upon his shoulder, and reached his own hand up to cover the deceptively delicate hand of his daughter. She pressed her lips to his fingers, and he felt a pain deep within his heart. If indeed the One Ring was found, the events that he had long ago foreseen would soon come to pass. They would rise up against Shadow one last time; if they were defeated all would be lost for Men and Elves and all the free peoples of Middle-earth. Yet if they won, he would lose his daughter. He felt her comforting presence surround him through her mere touch, and he knew that she sensed his sorrow. "Never have I seen him so worn and weary," said Elrond quietly, turning his own and his daughter's thoughts back to Aragorn. "Five hundred miles and nearly fifty days he drove Gollum north from the swamps to the Realm of the Woodland Elves. He pushes himself beyond what the hardiest of men might endure." "Each time he has come home to Imladris you have thought he appeared the weariest you have seen him," replied Arwen. "Yet events are building to a climax, where he must rise above all he has been and all he has accomplished to become who he was born to be. His road will not be easy." "The road of the Dúnedain has never been easy," replied Elrond gravely. "He has never shirked from his duty or his birthright, since he has known of it. In time, he will face his greatest test." "Come, Adar, and sit beneath the stars with me, and tell me again of your first meeting with the child Aragorn," she coaxed. Elrond stood as she pulled gently yet persuasively upon his hand, and they walked on to the balcony that connected the family rooms together. There they found Elladan and Elrohir, recently returned from the north where they had aided the Rangers in clearing a den of orcs that had been preying upon travelers. Both stood as their father and sister approached, and Elrohir took Arwen's hand and seated her next to him. Elrond could not help but smile at what appeared to be a gesture of love, for he saw the look of utter contentment cross Elrohir's face when Arwen pulled him near and began to massage his head and neck. He saw the bemused look upon Elladan's face, and motioned for his son to draw near to him, that he might perform the same service upon his still stiff muscles. As the twins drifted into a pleasant state of waking dreams, Elrond began to speak. "When word came that Arador had died in the trollshaws, unease settled upon me, for his death was untimely and Arathorn had thought he had many years of his father's leadership left to guide the Dúnedain. Arathorn had taken Gilraen to wife only a year earlier, and she was great with child when their Chieftain was killed. Gilraen's mother had supported the marriage, despite Gilraen's youth, for in her foresight she had seen that the line must be continued; that there should be no delay. "I feared for Arathorn, though I did not know why. Your brothers attached themselves to Arathorn's patrol when he resumed his duties after Aragorn was born. Elladan sent word to me that it seemed as if all evil things had become attracted to that patrol, and each time they rode out heightened danger awaited them. Attacks by goblins and orcs, the increasing forays of trolls into Dúnedain protected lands – yet Arathorn would not send his Men where he would not go himself. "For nearly a year this continued, and then the attacks lessened and a hard winter settled upon the mountains. Your brothers came home for a few months, while Arathorn returned home to Gilraen and Aragorn. They rode out together that spring, but were ambushed. Arathorn was slain by an orc arrow to his eye, and he died in Elrohir's arms." Elrond saw a tear slide down Elrohir's face. His son had taught Arathorn to ride and hunt as a young man during his fostering years in Imladris; to hold him in his death had brought the circle of his life to a close, and the futility of it had grieved them all. Arathorn had died a young man by Dúnedain standards. "We knew then that Arador's and Arathorn's deaths were not chance occurrences, but that the servants of evil were seeking Isildur's heir, seeking the heir of the one who taken the ring from Sauron, and we feared for Aragorn. . . " oooOOOooo Spring, 2933 Third Age Elrohir gritted his teeth and with an anguished sob, pulled the arrow from Arathorn's eye. He was glad he had waited so long to do it, for he did not know if he could bear to see the damage he would have done on a wound still fresh. He cut a length from his undertunic and tied it over Arathorn's head, covering his damaged eye. He did not want Gilraen to see the horrible disfigurement. The sounds of battle receded and Arathorn's men began to return, some injured and others carrying one who had been killed. Elrohir felt his twin's hand on his shoulder and he clasped his own over it, accepting and receiving comfort, before they turned to the rest of the Dúnedain. Grief was etched deep into their grim faces. Elrohir released Arathorn's body to Halbarad, now the leader of the Dúnedain, and turned his attention to the injured. They camped that night a few hours to the south, in a site they often used. Arathorn's body was covered and set at the edge of the camp, and every one of the Men stood over or knelt at his side for a time that evening. Elrohir had just sunk to the ground in front of Elladan, when he heard one of the Men speak. "The hope of our people now rests on a two-year-old child," he said mournfully. "The rule of Chieftain has passed from father to son in an unbroken line from Elendil. Yet it may be in our time that the line ends, and the hope of the Dúnedain perishes forever," replied another. "We must see that Aragorn survives to adulthood." "I do not believe that Arador's and Arathorn's deaths are coincidence or bad fortune. I believe the enemy is seeking Elendil's heir. In time they will find Aragorn," predicted Halbarad soberly. "Let us take him to Imladris now," said Elladan softly. "Elrond will keep him safe, and hidden." Silence fell on the camp, as the Men considered his words. Elrohir's thoughts raced, and he felt the calming influence of his twin on his mind. This will be no fostering , he thought. The enemy must not even know of the child's existence . The twins were silent as the Rangers discussed this. Enough of them were present to make such a decision, and Halbarad was now their acting chief. Halbarad finally stood and regarded them gravely. "I will tell Gilraen she must do this," he said resolutely. He turned to the other Men. "We must remove the child's name from our conversations and continue as if he does not exist. It is our best hope for his survival." oOo "Elrond, your sons approach." Elrond nodded to Erestor, capped his ink and stacked the papers he had been reading. "They bring guests: a female rides with Elladan and Elrohir carries a child." "Ensure that a room is prepared for them," he instructed needlessly, for he was sure Erestor had already done so. He greeted them in the courtyard, where Glorfindel was lifting the woman from the horse. Her eyes widened at the sight of Glorfindel, and she did not return his greeting, seemingly unable to speak. Her gaze then drifted to the house and grounds, where lanterns were casting a warm glow about the front porch and courtyard, and Elrond thought she might swoon, but Elladan caught her arm and spoke calmingly into her ear. Glorfindel helped Elrohir slide from the horse, toddler in hand, but the child was less awed by Glorfindel's presence. He immediately reached out one chubby hand and