Curious Mind, Noble Heart Thank you to Karri for the challenge ideas and title, and to daw the minstrel for beta reading. Estel was so engrossed in the mighty battle between the great eagles and dragons that he did not realize that Elladan and Elrohir had passed right by him. Elladan's laughter drew him from the First Age to the present, and he looked up to find them already having started down the path away from the house. He groaned, unable to decide what to do, because he really wanted to know how the story ended – but he really wanted to talk to Elladan and Elrohir too! Turning his attention back to the book, he skimmed to the bottom of the page and read ' Thangorodrim was broken open and Morgoth brought forth and bound…' and a sigh of satisfaction escaped him. He knew how the story ended, of course, but he liked reading the words for himself. He carefully closed the ancient book, remembering Elladan's admonishment to treat the tome with respect. He smiled as he recalled how Elladan said their Adar had taught him to take proper care of the books. Estel liked to read too much to have his library privileges revoked, much less have to move each book one by one when the library was dusted and do extra chores when he forgot to do it right. Of course, he reminded himself, Elladan did not have it so bad, for he had a twin who always helped him and read to him from any book he wanted. Tucking the book under his arm, he climbed down from the tree in which he had been comfortably perched and followed the path that the twins had gone down. He stuck his head in the stables, waving to the stablemaster, but they were not there. He stopped to admire Glorfindel's horse, who greeted him by nipping at his hair. Pulling a small apple from his tunic pocket, he gave it to the giant stallion who threw his head appreciatively. "You are greedy," he informed the horse. "And I think you only tolerate me because I bring you apples." He could swear that the stallion winked at him. Rolling his eyes at the horse, he trotted out of the stables. He followed the steeply curving trail down to the Forge. On one side, open to the air, Angren made swords and other items of metal, and in the larger closed in building, the Noldor smiths fashioned items of all types. Angren always welcomed him, but seldom had he been inside the smithy area. He could see Elladan and Elrohir standing in the shadows cast by the trees. He was just about to call to them, when he heard Glorfindel laugh and say, "This is amazing!" Curious, Estel moved around the outbuilding to the back, in hopes of seeing what, exactly, was amazing. It was noisy in the forge, but even still he was a little surprised when no one heard him climb up on a barrel. Precariously perched, he could see what was being discussed and he found himself in complete agreement. He could not drag his eyes from what he saw, for he had never seen anything like it before. It was amazing! He watched as Angren pumped it up by moving a lever back and forth, and then he handed the object to Elladan. He watched as Elladan took aim down the long thin barrel at a bale of straw and fired, the loud 'pop' making him jump involuntarily. "I see great potential for this," mused Elladan, excitement gleaming in his eyes. He turned to his twin. "Do you wish to shoot it?" To Estel's surprise, Elrohir leaned back against the workbench and shook his head. "It is an interesting thing, but I do not see what value it adds. My arrows fly faster, with more force and I can nock and fire much faster than the gun can be primed." Elrohir's words were like cold water poured on a smoldering fire. Elladan's shoulders slumped as he looked over the gleaming wood and metal in his hands, and Estel glared at Elrohir on principle. He turned his gaze to Glorfindel, who looked thoughtful, and then to Master Angren, who was nodding. "What Elrohir says is true," agreed Angren. "I have not yet thought of a use where we would not do better with bow or sword or spear. Yet I remain intrigued to see if we might further improve upon what we have, to make something that is better than anything we have." Elladan fingered the weapon lovingly. "It is a thing of beauty, and perhaps a weapon of the future. What do you call it?" Angren laughed. "I call it 'Pop' for the noise it makes." "Pop," murmured Elladan. He considered the weapon carefully, lifting it in one hand as if weighing it, then turning it over. Suddenly, his face brightened. "One advantage it does offer is in skill. Elrohir, how many years have you trained with the bow?" "The same number as you," laughed Elrohir. "Do the math." Elladan scowled at him. "You are missing my point. Someone could be trained with this type of pop-gun in a short time, but to be adequate in battle with a bow takes long years of practice. That is where the future of such a weapon is found." He paused, thinking, then added, "And it can be handled by one of little strength - even by one who is injured." Estel grinned and looked at Elrohir, waiting to see if he would admit this to Elladan. "Perhaps," conceded Elrohir. "Though, I would not relish the idea of having a great number of unskilled enemies so armed." Elladan sighed and rolled his eyes, exasperated. "You are disagreeable and ornery today. Do I need to take you up to the training field and improve your attitude?" Estel held his breath in anticipation, hoping Elrohir would take the challenge. He loved seeing his brothers in swordplay or bow competition! He willed Elrohir to accept, silently repeating 'say yes, Elrohir, say yes!' "I would rather have lunch," replied Elrohir amiably, and Estel groaned. He clapped his hand over his mouth as all eyes turned to him, and many a brow was raised at his choice of roosting spot. "Hello, Estel," greeted Glorfindel. "Aiii!" squeaked Estel in response, as he was swept off his barrel, turned upside down and then set down with one ear held firmly in the captain's hand. He had to stay on his tiptoes to relieve the pressure on his ear. "Estel, what were you doing?" asked Elladan, and to Estel's relief, he swatted at Glorfindel's hand, releasing his ear. "Trying to learn what was so amazing that none of you heard me," grumbled Estel, rubbing his ear. He glared at Glorfindel, who smiled ominously in return. Estel knew his next sword lesson would be hard. "You should have announced your presence, not sneaked around to the back to listen," Glorfindel chastised him. Estel considered arguing, but he really had no defense, so he instead decided to try changing the subject. "Can I see the pop-gun, Elladan?" he asked eagerly. Elladan grinned and Estel was sure he was about to agree when Glorfindel interrupted, "No, you may not. It is not a toy. Go clean up for dinner. Scoot!" Estel found himself guided to the exit of the forge and gently shoved on to the path heading back to the house. He looked over his shoulder to see his brothers both grinning and Glorfindel scowling at them and him, and ducked his head to hid his own smile. He wondered if Glorfindel would scold the twins too. oOoOo Glorfindel scowled at the twins, focusing mostly on Elladan, though he did not spare Elrohir. "I am just beginning his training and the foremost thing he needs to learn is discipline. He should not be spying on people, no matter how harmless it might seem," he reminded them. "I am quite torn as to what to teach him," announced Elladan. "As my little brother, I should teach him all the tricks to avoid getting caught. He has you and Adar and his mother to teach him proper behavior." Elrohir grinned, waiting for the wrath of Glorfindel to fall on his twin, but a curious look came over Glorfindel's face as he appeared to seriously consider Elladan's words. "In some things, perhaps, he does not need so many parents," Glorfindel conceded, "but he should not be eavesdropping, Elladan. We have put too much effort into concealing his identity, and that could too easily be undone if he hears words spoken not meant for his ears." Elladan sobered immediately. "You are right, Glorfindel. Despite my desire to give him a normal childhood, I need to be careful not to jeopardize all that everyone has done to keep him safe." "I still think we should go to lunch," reminded Elrohir. "I am hungry. Estel will eat everything if we are late." When they all just looked at him and laughed, Elrohir shrugged and led the way out of the forge and up the path toward the house. oOoOo Estel devoured his lunch as he considered the pop-gun. He had never seen such a unique looking weapon before. He really would have liked to hold it, and even fire it, just to see what it felt like. From what he had seen, the number of times one pumped on the handle determined how hard it fired. He wondered if it could shoot harder than he could shoot his bow. He had only been learning the bow for a short while, after all, so he was not yet really good at it, though he knew he would be some day. "Did you save any food for the rest of us?" Elrohir interrupted his musings as he sat down next to him. Estel finished chewing after a quick look at his naneth, for she did not tolerate him speaking with his mouth full. He looked at Elrohir curiously. He had not seemed in the least bit interested in the pop-gun. "A little," he answered after swallowing. "Elrohir, how long did it take you to be good with your bow?" "Oh, at least a month," answered Elrohir solemnly. "It took Elladan a little longer, though, so do not worry. You have plenty of time to develop your skill." Elladan rested his chin in his hand as he studied his twin. "Did you awake on the wrong side of the bed this morning, my dear brother?" "Eat that before Estel steals it from your plate," suggested Elrohir to his twin, pointing at the portion that had been placed on Elladan's plate. Estel looked at Elladan and rolled his eyes. Really, Elrohir could be impossible some days. "You are right, Elladan, he is being obtuse today," murmured Estel. Elladan laughed and Elrohir grinned, but Gilraen interjected, "Estel, do not be impertinent." Estel sighed and turned his gaze back to his plate. He finished eating as quickly as he could, in silence, and was just about to ask to be excused when he felt the gentle hand of his father on his head. "You may go, Estel," said Elrond fondly. "Glorfindel will be a few minutes late. Follow Athranen's instruction at the archery field until he arrives." Estel grinned up at Elrond, then followed his ada's stern gaze to the twins. "Elladan, Elrohir, I will see you two in my study when you finish." Estel bit his lip to keep laughing as he saw the looks on the twins' faces. He had never heard Ada scold them, but he knew that look! "Yes, Ada," he replied. "Naneth, I have to go change!" He fled from the family dining hall, racing to his room before anyone could tell him to walk. He changed from his loose tunic and trousers to the clothing made for archery practice. This tunic was closer fitting, so