Thanks to daw the minstrel for beta reading this chapter. This story is set in my Mirkwood world. Legolas is about 25 years old, and Emlin, daughter of Rawien and Tathiel, around 16. Picture a 12 and 7 year old. Tinánia and Lathron are now married. Please see the character list at the beginning of "Journey's End", if needed. This story is for Karri and Dot, who both have birthdays in February. Thanks to you both for always encouraging me to come back to this set of characters. Chapter 1 "Can they see us?" whispered Emlin. Legolas put his fingers to his lips. Emlin clapped her hand over her mouth and nodded, and Legolas turned his attention back to the scene before him. Lathron and Tinánia were walking along the riverbank, oblivious, Legolas thought, to the two who watched them from the tree. Legolas fingered the acorns in his pocket. He had waited for a whole month since his last attempt, letting his quarry become complacent. Bregolas said he was too impatient. Legolas was determined to show him otherwise. Tinánia stopped, pointing at something across the river, and Lathron turned his attention there also. Legolas pulled an acorn from his pocket and shifted slightly, taking aim at Lathron's back. Then he threw it. And Tinánia snatched it from the air. Grinning, she looked directly at him. "Nice try, Legolas!" she called cheerfully. Legolas climbed down a few branches, then jumped to the ground. Emlin landed beside him a moment later. He scowled at Tinánia. "When did you know we were there?" "From the beaver's den," replied Lathron. "You did better concealing yourself, but I am afraid this gave you away." He reached out with one hand, lifted Emlin's braid and shook the shiny bead on the end of it. "Emlin!" cried Legolas. "Oh, it was not only Emlin's bead," interrupted Tinánia. "I saw first the glint off your dagger, which you could not help looking at as you waited." Legolas flushed as they laughed. But Emlin tucked her arm through his. "We will get them next time, Legolas. You are very good." Legolas gave in and laughed with them. "We will get you next time," he agreed with Emlin. "I am less impatient. Look how long I waited before trying again!" "Bregolas will be impressed," said Tinánia. "But, little warrior, you must learn to remain still as well. Fidgeting and entertaining yourself with baubles are still signs of impatience." Legolas grinned. "I am not ready to be patient then. And I love my dagger!" he crowed. "Soon, very soon, Ada will let me have a sword." He tugged Emlin's hand. "Come, Emlin, we will leave the lovers to their lane!" They ran off into the woods before Lathron or Tinánia could say anything. But Legolas knew they did not mind being teased. They just laughed whenever anyone did. They raced along the river for a while, then slowed to a walk. Legolas liked this time of evening. The animals that slept during the heat of the day would be out, foraging for food. The setting sun sent gleaming beams across the river, making it look like one could walk on bridges of light across it. "Look, Legolas, there is the squirrel," said Emlin softly. Legolas turned from the river to the dappled shade where Emlin squatted near the base of a large oak tree. Beyond the tree, an albino squirrel sat nibbling on a nut. They had seen this squirrel all summer, despite the dire predictions their families had made that his pelt would make him more obvious to predators. Legolas dropped to his knees beside Emlin and inched his way forward. "Hello, moon-squirrel," he said softly. He held out an acorn. "Come closer and I'll give you an acorn." The squirrel did not leave, but neither did it come to him. Legolas had made friends with the garden squirrels long ago, but he really wanted this one to come live near the palace. That way, it would be safe from predators and he and Emlin could see it all the time. "Give me your bead, Emlin." Emlin hesitated for a moment, for she loved the colorful bead her father had given her. But Legolas knew she'd let him have it. "I will not let him take it; I just want to tempt him with it," he told her. Emlin placed the bead in his hand and Legolas held it out to the squirrel. The animal's attention was immediately captured and he lowered the nut he was chewing on. He came two steps forward and stopped. Legolas set the bead on the ground. The squirrel scurried forward, and both Legolas and Emlin held their breaths. Then in a sudden move, the animal snatched the bead from the ground and ran. "No!" cried Emlin, leaping to her feet. "I will get it!" answered Legolas, a stab of guilt piercing him. He chased the squirrel to a large beech and then followed the animal up into its branches. The tree seemed to enjoy the chase, aiding both him and the squirrel. The squirrel leapt to the next tree, another beech, and then sailed through the air, barely catching its front paws on the branch of a stately oak. Legolas looked at the distance and knew he'd never be able to jump that far. He climbed to the ground and ran to the oak, which welcomed him and nearly tossed him up to where the squirrel was waiting. "Oh, please, may I have it back?" he said breathlessly. He held out his hand to the squirrel, who looked at him triumphantly. "Please?" The moon squirrel made no move to return Emlin's treasure. "A trade, perhaps?" offered Legolas. He reviewed his possessions, patting his pockets as he considered what the squirrel might take instead. He paused a moment, and said, "You know, if you would just come live in our garden I would find lots of things you would like." The squirrel ignored him. Legolas pulled his dagger out and set in on a tree branch, then emptied his pockets. There was nothing eye catching among his things: a short feather, an agate, an empty shell and small piece of hollowed wood. "I know!" He reached into the front of his tunic and pulled out a leather cord. On the end of it was a piece of soft white stone. His brother Celebrinduil had found it and chipped it into the shape of a leaf, then bored a hole through it and threaded it on a leather cord. It had been his begetting day gift to Legolas a few years ago. Legolas had found another piece of the same soft stone and hung it on the same cord. He was hoping Celebrinduil would carve something for Emlin out of it. He unsheathed his dagger and carefully cut the knot that held the white piece, and held it out to the squirrel. The squirrel was fascinated. He came closer. Legolas laid the white stone on the branch. "A trade. Give me Emlin's bead and you can have that." The squirrel sat up on his hind legs and began chattering. He ran forward a few steps, right to the stone, but stopped and did not take it. His eyes were still fixed on Legolas's hand. "No! Not the knife!" moaned Legolas. "My ada would be unhappy if I lost my knife." The squirrel chattered some more, but when Legolas would not give up the blade, the animal grabbed the white stone and ran again. "Wait! It was supposed to be a trade, you dumb squirrel!" Legolas resumed the chase amidst the laughter of the trees. The squirrel ran to the ground and Legolas followed. Behind him, he could hear Emlin calling, first asking if he got the bead back, then telling him to come back. He had not gone far when he realized it was getting dark. The moon squirrel could still be seen, waiting for him to resume the chase. "You are enjoying this," muttered Legolas. "Come on, give me the bead!" The squirrel ran again. Legolas blew out an exasperated breath and followed. He had run for only a few minutes when the squirrel entered a small grove of trees. As quickly as it had run in, it ran out. It flew past Legolas as if a great owl were chasing it, and Legolas looked up, searching the tree tops. He did not see any great birds, nor hear them calling. He approached the grove of trees cautiously. He could see some sort of flet had been built in one of the trees. Scrub trees had grown in a hedge around the trunks of the larger trees, but someone had cut an opening through them. Legolas was about to stick his head through when he saw a glint from the ground. "Emlin's bead!" cried Legolas. He scrounged around on the ground a bit more. "And my stone! You dropped them both, you nutty squirrel!" he laughed gleefully. He could hear Emlin calling him. "I am coming!" he called back loudly. He stashed the bead and stone in his pocket and was turning to leave when he heard a strange noise in the trees before him. He could not see anything through the brambles of bushes, for they were thick and dusk was upon them. He glanced toward home, knowing he should meet Emlin and return before their parents worried. He heard the strange noise again. He hesitated. Then, promising himself it would only take a moment to investigate, he crawled through the opening cut into the brambles and entered the grove. A clearing had been made beneath the trees, and a rough flet built in the one closest to him. Legolas ran to it and fingered the stairs someone had left down. The guards had not made it; their flets looked much better. "Anyone here?" he called. The night grew silent. No crickets chirped in here, no birds called. He did not even hear the strange noise anymore. He cautiously climbed the ladder, finally sticking his head through the floor of the flet. He pulled himself up on to platform. The wooden floor was not very large. He could take six steps to the far edge, three to either side of the opening. Behind him, it looked like a large bird's nest had fallen on to the flet floor. He looked out over the forest and saw Emlin's golden head. "Emlin, I am up here!" he called. She stopped and looked up. In what little light was left, they could just see each other. "I will come too," she called excitedly. "There is an opening cut through the brush, right by the maple tree," called Legolas. He watched as she searched around, finally finding the opening and crawling through. She scampered up the rope ladder. "A flet! I wonder who made it?" she asked. She looked around. "Someone not very good at making flets. I wonder if anyone uses it? Maybe we can play here! It would be our secret place." Emlin walked carefully to the fallen nest. "I wonder what kind of bird lived in this." She took a stick and poked at it, then jumped back. "Legolas," she whispered. "There is something alive in there." Legolas moved around her and took her stick, poking gingerly at the nest. The nest moved a little, and he saw a red eye looking at him. He swallowed hard. He had never seen one in person, but he had seen drawings of those eyes before. "Emlin, climb down the ladder and run for home," he said as calmly as he could. When she did not move, he hissed, "Now!" "Are you coming?" she asked fearfully. "Yes, right behind you. You get down first," he said shakily. Emlin climbed down the rope ladder. "I am down, Legolas," she whispered up to him. "Now you come!" Legolas held the stick tightly. His feet found the rope and still