But Arwen went forth from the House, and the light of her eyes was quenched, and it seemed to her people that she had become cold and grey as nightfall in winter that comes without a star. Then she said farewell to Eldarion, and to her daughters, and to all whom she had loved; and she went out from the city of Minas Tirith and passed away to the land of Lórien, and dwelt there alone under the fading trees until winter came. Galadriel had passed away and Celeborn also was gone, and the land was silent. There at last when the mallorn-leaves were falling, but spring had not yet come, she laid herself to rest upon Cerin Amroth; and there is her green grave, until the world is changed, and all the days of her life are utterly forgotten by men that come after, and elanor and niphredil bloom no more east of the Sea. The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen, Appendix A, Lord of the Rings Chapter 1: The Passing of the Evenstar Celeborn watched her come through the massive gates alone. The city was nearly silent. He was glad they remained at a distance, for he did not wish to hear the soft weeping of the people as she passed. He remembered well the day he and three with him had ridden to the White City and she had become Queen of this people she had grown to love. Yet none of Men remembered it, for not a mortal man alive then was alive still. He could see the thousands of eyes glistening with tears as they watched the only Queen they had known ride away with dignity and grace, and a grief so profound it pained all those who had dared to look upon her. Yet they could not help but look. As he could not help either. To their eyes, their queen looked barely older now than the portraits that had captured her six score of years earlier. But he could see the difference, especially since Aragorn had died. She was torn in two, and her joy had departed. He had heard the whispered questions of the people, wondering if she went to rejoin the elves or if she went to die. He knew the answer, as he knew she did too. Her choice had been made and her doom appointed on Cerin Amroth, many years before. He had known then that she would never sail, regardless of circumstance and what fate dealt her. He knew also that she would never join what elves remained yet in Middle-earth. Celeborn looked with far seeing eyes to the Citadel. There stood his great-grandson, a man he had come to respect as much as he had Aragorn, and to love even more. Eldarion was rigid, his face frozen, as he watched his mother ride away. Yet Celeborn knew Eldarion had not tried to dissuade her and had forbidden all in Gondor to follow her. But his eyes had beseeched his great-grandfather and uncles, and he had relinquished her to their final care. Celeborn felt Elrohir stir at his side, and he turned to look upon his grandson. Elrohir was unguarded beside him, his heart easily read, and Celeborn drifted along the waves of the sea that rolled through his mind. Celeborn had been aware of Elrohir's struggle for some years. Elrohir had long been able to suppress his sea longing, but Celeborn had found his control weakening since Aragorn had given up his life. He laid a calming hand upon Elrohir's arm. "Not yet," he said gently. Elrohir sighed audibly, but checked his horse. On Celeborn's other side, Elladan remained motionless. They waited until she had passed beyond the Rammath Echor before they followed. If she knew of their presence, she gave no indication. Even from a distance, Celeborn could see she was withdrawn inside herself. She ate nearly nothing and slept little, resting only in deference to the horse. They drew closer as the days passed, for she seemed unaware of her surroundings. Among themselves they spoke little. This day had long been foreseen, but nothing could have prepared those who loved Arwen to see her end as her father had feared. They had said their farewells to Aragorn, and he had given up his life and was gone. He had known Arwen was not prepared to accept the Gift, but he knew that his remaining longer would not bring her closer to acceptance. In that knowledge he had asked a last favor of Glorfindel. "It will be as Elrond feared," said Aragorn. "Arwen will find the doom of Men bitter, and her grief will not carry her away quickly or easily. Only when she accepts the doom will she pass and find peace. A favor I would ask of one so dear, who has long watched over Elrond and his children: let none delay her with comfort." Glorfindel had bowed his head at Aragorn's words. What Aragorn requested could not be asked of Celeborn or Elladan and Elrohir. Yet, even in his pain, Celeborn knew Aragorn was right. Celeborn had watched as Glorfindel nodded, and then embraced Aragorn for the last time. "Whatever the fate of Men's souls, may your peace and reward be great, Aragorn son of Arathorn." He paused, then added softly, "Estel son of Elrond." Aragorn held him close a moment longer, murmuring, "For my adar." Now they shadowed Arwen's ride north, following her across lands that had changed much since the King had returned. After many days, she crossed the Celebrant and entered the woods of Lothlorien. Celeborn's heart filled with joy at being in his beloved woods again, but sorrow replaced his joy nearly as quickly. None now dwelt there, and the gates to Caras Galadhon were open and in disrepair. Yet the memory of the elves remained strong. Arwen walked on paths of deep leaf mould, long unattended, wandering among the trees and the remnants of the passages into their heights. Many of the flets had crumbled and the winding staircases to them were missing stairs and balustrades. Yet summer had not faded and the Niphredil and Elanor still bloomed, and they watched Arwen set her jaw as she had since she was a small child when determined to accomplish some task. She repaired a flet near the stream and gathered wood, and one would have thought she had not spent six score years as queen of the White City, but as a woman keeping her own homestead. Yet despite the steps she took to see to her own well-being, the light in her eyes did not return. Celeborn allowed Glorfindel to order their camp and watches, for he found he did not trust his own hands to set limits. Glorfindel arranged their time so that one of them always kept watch over her, bearing the long days with the patience born of long life, as she spent her time in thought and song, reading one of the few small tomes she had carried with her, or studying the likeness of Estel that she kept near to her heart. Summer turned to fall, and the Mellyrn leaves turned golden. At this, Celeborn's heart sang and his memories of Galadriel and their days in these woods became as clear and fresh as if they had lived here only yesterday. He was returning to their camp with the rabbits he had caught for their dinner when his rejoicing left him with the suddenness of a sword stroke. He dropped the coneys and had to sit before he fell. Glorfindel and Elrohir were at his side a moment later. "In recent years, I have not traveled this way, for the Mellyrn had faded and no longer did their leaves shine golden. The Golden Wood was golden no more," he said "It is not our presence that has brought about the return of color," said Elrohir softly. "We too have passed through in fall and winter, and not since you left have the leaves showed their pleasure. It is because Arwen again dwells beneath their canopy." Celeborn drew in a deep breath and nodded. Elrohir stood and walked toward the wood where his twin now kept watch. His form was tense and uneasy, and Glorfindel raised a brow at Celeborn in question. Before they could speak, Elrohir returned to the fire, but he sat for only a moment before grabbing a basket and walking away to the river. He started out walking but soon was running, his dark hair flowing loose behind him. Glorfindel looked at him, and his brow was creased in worry. "Elrohir . . .," he began. Celeborn shifted positions, leaning back against the log and stretching his long legs out in front of him. "Elrohir's restlessness grows. The sea longing rages within him." Glorfindel watched Elrohir fade into the trees. "It is difficult to husband one's emotions when you know not how long . . .." His voice faded, and Celeborn looked at him sharply. There was no easy way to say what they were both thinking. "The Mellyrn bring him both despair and hope," said Glorfindel finally. Celeborn sighed and bowed his head. Trepidation had filled him when Arwen had shrugged off the heavy cloak of grief and taken measures to live, for each of them felt as if a clock had been ticking, each beat slower and slower, waiting for its end to come. Now the clock beat steadily, and the burden upon them grew in proportion. Arwen existed, but did not live. "The fight in her is easily read," said Celeborn after a long silence. "She had not grown weary of this world when Estel left it. In the long days afterward, grief became a heavy burden, but it did not claim her. She knows not how to live without him, but neither is she ready to join him." "Not ready, or does she not know how to relinquish her hold on life? Or is it fear of what waits beyond?" mused Glorfindel. "A measure of each, perhaps," replied Celeborn. Elrohir returned without the basket. He did not speak to either of them, but threw himself to the ground and covered his face with his arm. Celeborn was about to go to him when he felt Glorfindel brush against his mind. Let me. Glorfindel sat down beside Elrohir, shading his face from the setting sun. Elrohir gradually moved his arm down, and did not pull away when Glorfindel began stroking his head. Celeborn could see his grandson's façade falling away beneath that gentle touch, until he was laid bare before the powerful elf lord. Despite what Celeborn perceived to be the elf's best efforts, fear appeared in Glorfindel's eyes. He carefully and gently pushed Elrohir into sleep, and then opened his mind to Celeborn. This is more than sea longing , said Glorfindel finally. He is restless, but there are wounds to his fëa that I can only liken to what I saw in Elrond when Vilya failed. Celeborn closed his eyes to the pain pounding in his head . I suspected it, but did not know for sure. Anger rose up within him . I wish the Three had never been made! We may wish that, but we would not be sitting here with Elrohir were that the case , replied Glorfindel sadly . And Elrohir would not wish for us to second guess the choices Elrond made. One night in Imladris we discussed what would happen to all that had been preserved and healed with the Three. Elrohir knew he was top on that list, more so than any other person alive, and he said then he preferred living to spending an age in Mandos's Halls. For these many years since Elrond and Galadriel sailed, he has persevered and I think been happy. Why now? Is grief reopening old wounds? wondered Celeborn. I do not know what else it could be , admitted Glorfindel. Their