Writtenfor Karri, in honor of her birthday. She asked for little Legolas to reconcile with Tamil, the human healer he pummelled in Journey's End . Happy Birthday, Karri! Hope you have a wonderful year! Legolas and the Bad Man Legolas danced from foot to foot, impatience evident in every movement of his body. Except his mouth, noted Tathiel with a smile. He had not expressed his impatience once. He noticed her eye upon him and gave her one of his dazzling smiles. At the same moment, he also stilled his feet and stood motionless, in absolute control over his body. She laughed. "Come, sweetheart, I am finally ready. You have been very good waiting," she said as she tied off the final stitch in the tunic she was repairing. She held out her hand to him, but he continued to stand as if frozen in place, though the grin on his face grew wider and wider. Then he leapt towards her, crying out, "I did it!" He flung his arms about her legs and grinned up at her. "I stood completely still for the count of fifty! Bregolas said I could not do it, but I did! And Ada said I could not be impatient and I was not," he explained proudly. He grinned slyly. "But I am very ready to go. Come, Tathiel!" He grabbed her hand, but was careful not to pull, as Thranduil had explained that that was being just as impatient as telling someone to hurry up. Tathiel tweaked the long braid that hung to the midpoint of his back, then fastened the clasp of the cloak that hung loose around his neck. It was a beautiful early spring day, but there was still a chill in the air. Legolas skipped down the hall at her side. When they reached the front entrance, he released her hand and stood up tall and straight, then marched up to the guard. "Warrior Legolas reporting for duty!" The guard covered his heart with his right hand and bowed. Legolas mimicked the action, then said, "I am escorting Lady Tathiel to the river. I shall return with her for the mid-day meal." "Very well, Warrior Legolas," responded the guard. "Your report is duly noted. We shall watch for your return. Keep the good lady safe!" Legolas spun on his heel and took Tathiel's hand again, then looked over his shoulder and waved, "Bye, Hathor!" The guard grinned and nodded his head, then laughed when Legolas resumed skipping. "Now, what is it that you wished to show me?" she asked as they walked along the path that led to the bridge over the river. "Look at the river!" cried Legolas. "Look at the ice!" They stopped at the top of the stairs that led down to the stone bridge that crossed the Forest River. The water was high and running fast, and full of chunks of ice that battered and rammed against each other and against the pillars of the bridge. As they watched, an ice floe built up against a pillar, rising higher and higher until it finally broke and slid beneath the bridge, disappearing downstream. Tathiel felt Legolas squeezing her hand tightly. She forced her eyes away from the awesome sight before her and looked down at him. His eyes were open wide and his mouth hung open, and he was for once, speechless. She reached down and picked him up, settling him on her hip. His fingers immediately twined into her hair and he pressed against her. "The river is rather awe inspiring, is it not?" she asked him. "Bregolas said it was a little scary too," added Legolas after a moment's thought. He had been stiff against her, but relaxed. Apparently he decided if Bregolas thought this was scary, then he was entitled to be a little scared too. "Indeed," answered Tathiel. "I would be terrified to fall into that. Is this what you wanted to show me?" "No!" cried Legolas. He let go of her hair and cloak and slid down her to the ground. Grabbing her hand, he pulled her forward. "Come to the stables!" They walked away from the river to the west side of the great hill, where the stables had been carved into the rock. Large open fields for exercising the horses were located next to the stables, and another path led around a copse of trees to the training fields. Forgetting all about his lessons in patience, Legolas pulled Tathiel with as much strength as so small an elf possessed. The stable doors were open, allowing the fresh cool air inside, and they entered into the earthy smell of sweet hay, horse and dung. Legolas did not even stop to greet Urevio, Bregolas's horse, but turned to the side and went to a blanket thrown over a pile of straw. He approached it carefully, speaking in a low voice. "Hello, nana rŷn." "Nana rŷn has taken her pups outside today," came a voice from behind them. Legolas turned to the stablemaster. "Where did they go? I want to show Tathiel the pups." He grinned. "I want to show Tathiel which pup is mine." That stablemaster laughed. "Have you convinced your adar, then?" Legolas shook his head. "No, but I will! Bregolas wants her too," he added in a low voice. "Between us, we can convince Ada." "Nana rŷn headed toward the woods. I imagine she is teaching her youngsters to hunt." Legolas grinned his thanks and raced from the stable. He waited until Tathiel had caught up with him, then led the way across the path and wide lawn to the trees that grew thick on the gradually sloping ground to the riverbank. "Nana rŷn, nana rŷn!" called Legolas as they walked along the edge of the trees. "They came this way. Look," said Tathiel. She squatted down and pointed at the multitude of small paw prints on the wet ground. Legolas squatted down next to her, intrigued. "They go this way! We can follow their tracks!" He led the way, stepping carefully over and around the paw prints, though it would be nigh impossible to lose the trail. She followed, alert and watchful, for even though they were near the stronghold, spring often brought wakening creatures seeking a meal after a long winter's rest. It had been a hard, cold, snowy winter, as evidenced by the high waters and ice floes. Creatures that did not hibernate had had a difficult season foraging for food, and the elves had fed them out of their stores, which had thankfully held through the winter. Legolas called again to the mother dog. This time she answered with a high pitched bark, far different than the mournful howl and deep throated bark of her kind. Her bark was followed by a series of yips from her pups; then she barked again, this time sounding frantic or distressed. It was not the sound the hound would make if a predator was after her pups. "Legolas, stay near!" called Tathiel, and she ran forward to catch up with him. "Something is wrong!" cried Legolas. He darted into the undergrowth, following the sounds. "Legolas, stop!" said Tathiel firmly. "But nana rŷn may need us," argued Legolas. "We will help her, if we can, but you must let me go first," replied Tathiel. She stood still, waiting for him to obey before she would take another step to the dog's aid. Legolas quickly understood and ran from the tangled branches to stand behind her. The mother dog's barking grew louder, then faded and stopped, then resumed after a few moments. Tathiel followed the sound around the trunk of a large beech. Behind the tree, the gentle slope gave way suddenly to a steep incline that cut through the heavy dirt banks and roots to the river. Near the top of the bank was a shivering wet puppy. "Oh, the poor pup!" she cried. She quickly undid the fastener from her cloak and pulled it off her shoulders. She grimaced at what she was about to do it, then spread it over the driest spot of ground she could find, in the roots of the old beech. She picked up the puppy and set him on it, then wrapped an edge over him. "Legolas, rub him and warm him up." Legolas plopped down on the cloak and wrapped his arms about the puppy. "Rub gently," she instructed. "We need to warm him up. Stay here, while I go for the others." She turned to the slope just as the mother dog appeared, another pup in her jaws. The mother dog dropped the pup at the top of the hill and nudged it away from the edge, then raced back down the hill, sliding in the mud. Tathiel grabbed the pup by the scruff and put it in Legolas's lap, then realized there were now three. Another pup that the mother must have brought up earlier had joined her sibling in the warm cloak. "Look, there is another one! And another!" cried Legolas. Tathiel looked to where he was pointing and saw two more bedraggled pups. She picked them up and added them to the nest Legolas was creating. "How many pups does she have?" she asked. "Six," said Legolas. He touched each pup's head. "One, two, three, four, five. One is still missing, Tathiel!" Tathiel turned back to the embankment. The mud and piles of leaves made it difficult to see anything clearly, but after a moment she saw the white tip of the mother dog's tail in the air. The dog stopped what she was doing and barked several times, then disappeared. "Legolas, stay with the pups," she said. When he nodded, she began to gingerly make her way down the muddy bank. As she neared the river, the ground became wetter and colder. Many branches and not a few small trees had been swept into the river, then deposited wherever the flood waters and ice chunks pushed them. The river curved here, and normally there was a rocky beach at this point where the elves would fish. Now it was covered with debris, and in between piles of debris, water and ice had settled, forming large puddles, many of which had frozen over. She saw a flash of white again, and trained her eye on it. Soon she could make out the whole form of the dog, pulling at debris near one of the puddles. She heard a faint pitiful cry that drove the mother nearly into a frenzy. The pup was caught in debris and water. Tathiel stopped, momentarily indecisive. She did not wish to leave Legolas alone on top of the bank, and one of the guards would be better able to free the pup. In that moment of indecision, the mother dog turned to her and barked, then howled mournfully. Decision made; Tathiel could not ignore such a plaintive cry for help. She grasped a tree branch for support and took the next steep step. The ground gave way beneath her, the branch broke, and she began to slide downward. She fell back, clutching at the ground with her hands, but the ground was sliding with her. She felt her foot slam into a rock, momentarily slowing the fall, but then the rock gave way and tumbled with them. Branches slapped at her face and twigs caught in her hair, but she finally came to a stop in a large puddle, which she, the rock and the mud completely covered. She closed her eyes for just a moment as the pain in her ankle receded, but opened them in a panic when she felt hot breath on her cheek. She lifted her mud covered hands to fight off whatever was about to devour her, but found the mother dog hovering above her. The dog sniffed at her and then licked her face. "Where is your pup, nana rŷn?" she asked after a moment. A sinking