Dear Diary, December 4, First day at Goode High Today I start Goode High. After 17 years of thinking my father hated me I finally got to meet him. Turns out my mother didn't want him in my life, but I decided I did. I moved to New York. My father had no idea I was born and started a family with another woman. She is really sweet. A better mother than my real one. Her name, Mary Ann Chase. She had a son when she was a teen and named him Malcolm and had twin boys with my dad. Once I got here Malcolm was the first to accept me. He is really sweet and cares about me deeply. I hate that I had to move here near Christmas. Everyone has already been accepted into clubs. I have to wait to next year -my last year of high school- to join anything. I continue writing when I get back from school.. I walked through the christmas decorated halls of Goode. What am I doing here. I know no one here. No even my dad. Whites, greens, pinks, and yellows flashed in my vision. Paper flying everywhere. The next thing I knew I was on the ground. "I am so sorry.. I did not mean to bump into you." I looked up to see a girl with red hair. She wore paint splattered jeans and a black tee-shirt with colorful paint splotches all over it. "It's okay.." I groaned, feeling a pain in my ass. The redhead huffed, picking up all of the papers, "how about I make it up to you?" "I told you it was fine.. I'm okay." "I'll buy you a snack.." I sighed. She wasn't going to give up anytime soon, "Just tell me your name." That seemed to take her by surprise. "Oh… um. I'm Rachel Elizabeth Dare." "Annabeth Chase," I smiled at her, giving her a paper she forgot, "mind telling me the way around here?" Rachel jumped, "oh of course." She started to pull her curly red hair up but decided against it. We started to walk to the Junior Corner as she called it. It was where all of the Juniors hung out before the bell. The higher on the steps you were the higher on the high school food chain you were. The Seniors hung up on the top level. All of their classes were up there. "So I hang out down here with the 'losers'. This is Annabeth everyone. Annabeth.. Thats Katie." A girl with braided brown hair raised her hand to wave at me. "And thats Silena." A girl with stunning long black hair smiled at me, "And finally Nico." A boy with an old timey bomber jack nodded in my direction. "Hi.. I'm Annabeth~" before I could finish my sentence someone from the top of the stairs was calling my name. It was Malcolm. He made his way down the stairs of Juniors to the very bottom to me. "I'm glad you didn't get lost. I had to meet up with the basketball team earlier this morning. I couldn't take you to school." I smiled as he buried me in a hug. A family . "It's fine I met Rachel and I was meeting her friends." He let me go and looked at the little group, "hey.. I'm Malcolm Pace." Katie nodded, "I know.. We all know. Annabeth I thought you were new here?" Malcolm laughed along with me, "He's my step-brother. I moved in with my dad this year." He nodded confirming. "I would never date a guy that still sleeps in his tighty whities." "Annabeth!" he groaned at me, "I have a rep to hold for one more year.. Please." I giggled, "fine.. But if your rep is that important, then you better go to your senior friends." "Oh right.." he looked up the stairs, then started to walk up them. I watched him make his journey up the stairs. After he got to the top, I started to turn. The green hues met my grey ones. His face was perfectly shaped, his hair a perfect shade of black and placed messily across his face. I've seen him before. "Annabeth! You have to take us up there!" Katie jumped in front of me and pointed to the seniors floor. "I'm sure Malcolm doesn't want me up there anyway." Katie blew the worry away, "He came down here.. To the losers.. To say hi to you." "Look Katie.. I'll talk to him about it. I have to get to class." She huffed and nodded, "okay." Mr. Brunner class. Latin/Greek Mythology. Dec. 4th. So I found out that Mrs. Dodds hates kids, Mr. Shine likes for his students to call him Mr. Apollo or just Apollo, and Coach Hedge calls everyone Cupcakes. Rachel so far only had Ms. Dodds with me. That sucks because she doesn't allow us to have a break. Katie hasn't had anything with me yet, neither had Silena. Nico had Mr. Apollo with me and Coach Hedge. He didn't really talk to me though. But every class so far I had with that boy I saw this morning. He sits in front of me in Ms. Dodds class, behind me in Mr. Apollo -and we can sit anywhere we want in his class-, and he choose to be my gym partner in Coach Hedge. His name is Percy Jackson. Right now I'm sitting beside him. Some girls are around him right now flirting with him. He doesn't seem to notice me. Why am I thinking about him so much? What about Rachel.. She seems like a nice person. -sigh-. Oh Mr. Brunner is here.. I continue this later. The girls left Percy alone, swaying there asses in my face. "Annabelle right?" someone whispered. I looked towards the voice. "Annabeth." "Annabeth.. Nice name," he grinned at me. "Percy are you talking?" Mr. Brunner questioned, looking from the the white board towards us. Then he seemed to notice me, "Oh Ms. Chase I am so sorry.. Please introduce yourself." My face grew red, "O-oh.. um.. I'm Annabeth Chase, I came from San Francisco, California. I have a step-brother here, Malcolm Pace." Mr. Brunner nodded, and continued to write on the board. "Okay class.. I want you to write an essay on the God or Goddess I give you. When I call your name, come up here and pick a name out of this bowl." He rolled his wheelchair over to his desk, picking up the wooden bowl. "Ms. Chase, would you like to pick first." I nod, getting up to chose my character. I pulled a small piece of paper out of the bowl and opened it. "Please read it aloud." "Apollo." "Do you even know who he is?" one of the girls from the back yelled. "No, shes just a dumb blonde," another said. In the corner of my eye I saw Percy clench his fist. "Apollo, God of Archery, Music, Oracles, and the Sun. Twin brother of Artemis. Son of Zeus and Leto. Is believed in Greek Mythology that he drives a golden chariot to bring the sun into the sky." I smiled innocently, and went back to my seat after thanking Mr. Brunner. The rest of the class read their gods/goddesses off. Once a god was in everyones hand he told us when the assignment was due. Two weeks from now. Thats enough time. Lunch Dec. 4th. Lunch here is so stereotypical. It's like High School Musical up in here. I won't be surprised if someone starts sing 'Stick to the Status Quo'. Throughout Mr. Brunners I caught Percy staring at me like I was the most beautiful girl on the planet. Which I am not. Have you seen these girls here. The teachers just let them walk around in leggings and tight clothes. No wonder why there is a whole day dedicated to protected sex and STDs. My next class after Mr. Brunner was English with Mr. Bolfis. Percy sat beside me again in his class, but on my other side was Rachel and Katie. I talked to them two since Mr. Bolfis wasn't here. Rachel kept saying that Percy kept looking over at me. I ignored it since he was with some buddies. Juniors had second to last lunch, which was torture. I liked my food. Luckily, Rachel said that Mr. Bolfis let us eat in his class. He sounds like a great teacher. Anyway, now I'm sitting at a table by myself waiting for Rachel, Katie, and Silena to come sit with me. I'll continue this later maybe after school… I closed my diary to see a pretty seemingly native american girl in front of me. I saw her somewhere. Ah-ha! She was standing next to a blonde that was next to Percy. "Y-yes?" I stuttered. Shit! Stuttering I a sign of weakness. The girl smiled softly, "I'm Piper Mclean." "I'm~" "I know… Annabeth Chase. Malcolms sister. Percy's been talking to Jason about you. Malcolm has also been bragging about how smart you are," she giggled. The giggle sounded fake. Has she been faking this attitude. "You're a good actress.. Almost fooled me," I laughed, sliding my diary in my bag. When I looked back up, she was in tears. "You saw right through me.." "No.. shit. Don't cry. It's alright.. I won't tell anyone," I reached over the table to grab her hand. "Can you be my real friend.. All of my other 'friends' think this is the real me.." she grabbed my sympathetic hand in both of hers, "I want a girl to know the real me.. Not cheerleader Piper.." "Umm.." She kind of put me in an uncomfortable place. I didn't know anything about her. "I'm so sorry.. I put you somewhere you shouldn't be. I'm sorry. You're new and you most likely don't think of me as a stuck up snob like the rest of the people here. You don't have to be my friend." Pity.. Dangit. "Of course I would love to be your friend!" I tried to sound excited. By her facial expression I could tell I did a horrible job. My bad acting lightened the mood. We both started to laugh. After our laughing fit, she sat down across from me. "So what is it like being popular?" I asked, putting my head in my hands. "Exhausting.. I have to be perfect every second of the day," she groaned. I smiled, "Do your parents mind if you come to my house tonight?" "Dad, and hes out for a business trip.. I can come over as long as it's okay with your parents." "No he doesn't mind.. As long as I'm making friends.. Malcolm said he just brings friends home all the time. The twins eat more than all of us so Mary has to make more anyway." "Great!" she smiled big. "Ahem!" I looked over to see Rachel with an unpleasant look on her face. "Hey Rachel," I cocked my head to the side. She smiled over to me, then returning her gaze to Piper. "I'll just get going.. Bye Annabeth," Piper stood, getting out of the redheads way. I watched Piper walk over to the table that seemed to have all the jocks and cheerleaders at it. "Rachel! Why would you run her off?" I asked, turning my focus to her. "Shes a snobby bitch!" Rachel huffed. Katie sighed, "Pipers nice.. She was the new girl last year.. We welcomed her in with warming arms, and then she left us for the popular kids." "So did Callie.." Silena ran her hands through her silky black hair. Nico threw his tray down, "You know if Piper, or Calypso wants to come back.. Let them! Hell.. The only reason why they left us is because we aren't really friends. Were all desperate for friends and think we're a group! We never do anything for each other, nor hang out! The only reason why I'm