Chapter 1 Harry Potter could honestly say that this summer had been by far the best one he had in his life so far. His relatives had left him mostly alone bar giving him the list chores he had to do that day, which wasn't as bad as it could have been. So he had to mow the lawn regularly and keep the weeds away from Aunt Petunia's priced flowers, but otherwise he was left alone. No cooking of any kind or cleaning the house. And nothing was stopping Harry from sending letters to his friends now that he had convinced Uncle Vernon that keeping his owl, Hedwig locked up in her cage was the reason that she was making so much noise. Massive improvement from the previous summer when he was locked up in his room after the 'Pudding Incident', as Harry called it when a house elf named Dobby had come and dropped the dessert on the floor in order to keep Harry out of Hogwarts. That hadn't been a very enjoyable summer even before that. And before that… Harry didn't want to even think it. Granted, it wasn't as terrible as it could have been, but it was horrible enough for a child under the age of ten to experience. Because really, who makes a child live in a cupboard under the stairs for almost ten years, telling him it is because that is all a freak like him deserves to have and that he should be happy he even got that much. Answer? Harry's aunt and uncle, that's who. Yes, Harry knew that he had been abused as a child. Never in the way of beating him senseless, although Uncle Vernon had seemed to think about it more than once, but abused nevertheless. Thankfully, the Dursley's obsession of being a normal family kept them from doing anything worse than a whack on Harry's back if he did something that they perceived to be wrong or unnatural and no food for a day. Thankfully that seemed to have toned down since Harry became aware of the magical world. Yes, last summer had been rough, but Harry expected that the way he had escaped from his relative's house back then was the reason that his living condition were much better this summer than last. Because if you have friends that are willing to come and rescue you with a flying Ford Anglia of all things, who knew what other kind of madness they could unleash on the Dursleys. " What would the neighbours think of us if they heard about it?" Harry could hear his aunt saying. All in all, this summer had been a good one so far and as Harry finished working on his homework for the night, he hoped that the rest of the summer wouldn't suddenly take a turn for the worse. And as it happened, it did. "I'd better be off in a minute, Petunia. Marge's train gets in at ten," was the worst possible thing Uncle Vernon could have said on the morning of Harry's birthday. Way to bring Harry's hopes of a normal birthday in ruins. The day had begun so well. Unlike last year, Harry had gotten presents from his friends. The Broomstick Servicing Kit that Hermione had given him would be excellent in making sure that his Nimbus 2000 would stay in a tip top condition. As for the Pocket Sneakoscope that Ron had given him? Well, maybe it didn't serve any immediate, useful, purpose but it was the thought that counted. Same could be said about the book that Hagrid had given him, although that book was the assigned textbook for the Care of the Magical Creatures, one of the two electives that he had chosen for his third year of schooling. But still, a book that bites? Even the news that some mass murderer named Sirius Black had escaped from prison couldn't bring Harry's mood down. It wasn't like he should be worrying about some muggle escaping from muggle prison when Harry spent ten months of his year living in a magical castle up in Scotland. But back to Aunt Marge. "Aunt Marge?" Harry blurted out. "Sh-She's not coming here, is she?" Of all the things that could possibly happen, it had to be Aunt Marge visiting. If the verbal abuse that Harry had gotten from Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon was bad, Aunt Marge was ten times worse. Nothing that Aunt Marge ever said about Harry was polite. Every single problem that Harry had in Aunt Marge's eyes was mentioned at least a couple times a day and always in the range of Harry's hearing a if to make sure that Harry heard every single one of them. At least Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon could hold a normal conversation with him without insulting Harry, rare as that might have been. And when Aunt Marge had had a little too much of wine? Well, whatever filter that she had would came of and she would usually draw comparison between Harry and a badly bred dog and what she would do to get rid of them. Drowning seemed to be her favourite method of disposal. She would of course have her favourite bulldog Ripper with her as well. Harry didn't like the dog and the dog didn't like him, mainly because Harry had once stepped on Ripper's tail and been chased to a tree afterwards. Aunt Marge hadn't called Ripper away from Harry until midnight. And now she was coming here? This was quickly shaping up to be the worst birthday Harry had ever had. "Marge will be here for a week," Uncle Vernon snarled, "and while we're on the subject," he pointed a fat finger threateningly at Harry, "we need to get a few things straight before I go and collect her." Dudley smirked and withdrew his gaze from the television. Watching Harry being bullied by Uncle Vernon was Dudley's favorite form of entertainment. "Firstly," growled Uncle Vernon, "you'll keep a civil tongue in your head when you're talking to Marge." "All right," said Harry bitterly, "if she does when she's talking to me." "Secondly," said Uncle Vernon, acting as though he had not heard Harry's reply, "as Marge doesn't know anything about your abnormality, I don't want any, any funny stuff while she's here. You behave yourself, got me?" "I will if she does," said Harry through gritted teeth. "And thirdly," said Uncle Vernon, his mean little eyes now slits in his great purple face, "we've told Marge you attend St. Brutus's Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys." "What?" Harry yelled. "And you'll be sticking to that story, boy, or there'll be trouble," spat Uncle Vernon. Harry couldn't help but stare at Uncle Vernon, anger and a slight bit of apprehension evident on his face. A week. He would have to stand Aunt Marge a whole week. A week right after his birthday no less. It was the worst possible timing. Any other week of the summer would have been a better option. Granted, he might have had some trouble with keeping his anger in check but Harry felt that he would have managed. Now on the other hand… The thirteenth birthday for a young wizard was one of the more important ones there was. It was one of those times that the wizards magic evolved in a sense that it was the beginning stage of the maturation of the magic within them. A magical puberty in other words. And it just so happened that about a week after the thirteenth birthday, the magic of the wizard was in an unstable state , meaning that strong emotions were likely to result in a burst of accidental magic. And with the way that Aunt Marge always managed to get under his skin, some kind of an incident was bound to happen. Which Uncle Vernon was not going to like. This was not going to be pleasant week. "I'm going," Harry said. "I've had enough." Next thing Harry knew, he had walked out the house, dragging his trunk behind him while Hedwig's cage under the other arm. That really hadn't gone well. Not that Harry had expected it to go well in the first place. There had been multiple signs of Harry's magical core being unstable during the whole week of Aunt Marge's stay. Mostly the lights kept flashing when Aunt Marge made an especially cutting remark about his looks or parents or how he was not getting enough discipline at St. Brutus . Harry had managed to keep most of his anger at check thanks to the promise he had gotten from Uncle Vernon to sign his Hogsmeade permission slip for him if he behaved like a normal muggle. It worked, almost. If you didn't count today evenings accident, the only other major slip he had was when he blasted Aunt Marge's wine glass to pieces. Thankfully, that incident didn't seem to be the only time that Aunt Marge's glass had broken in her hand. She explained that she had a strong grip but everyone else knew that it had been Harry that had broken the glass. Because really, was it a coincidence that the moment that Aunt Marge had called Harry's mother a bitch, the glass broke in her hand. No, no one else believed that either. And tonight? Well, Harry just snapped. After a week of listening to Aunt Marge insulting everything that was wrong with Harry and his parents, his magic just reacted. Next thing he knew, Aunt Marge had ballooned out like she had been filled with helium and started to float towards the ceiling. Worried about the reaction of Uncle Vernon as well as the Ministry of Magic because of his bout of accidental magic, especially after the last summer, he ran away. He couldn't stay here anyway. Even if the Ministry wasn't coming to snap his wand in half because he had broken the Law of Underage Magic after the warning he had received the previous summer, Uncle Vernon had looked to be in rage. Better to run away and not stay in the house because by the looks of things, Uncle Vernon had been finally pushed past the edge of not caring about whether Harry had a couple of broken bones or not. Harry wasn't keen on finding out so he ran. But where could he go? Or maybe the better question would be, how to get there once he had a location in mind? How would he survive once he got wherever he was going? He had no muggle money and from the wizarding side he might have a Galleon or two somewhere in his trunk. He had no idea how much that was in the terms of the supplies that he could get with them but he guessed he might survive a while with them, considering that the Weasleys had bought a whole Lockhart's book collection plus all the other school supplies for five children last summer with maybe a bit more than that. Granted, they had been a second hand supplies, but still, for five children? So, with that in mind, two Galleons was a lot. That still wouldn't help him in anyway here in the muggle world. He stopped and looked around, trying to figure out where he was in the darkness. Magnolia Crescent, Harry thought to himself once he managed to locate himself, I should be able stop for a while and think of a plan. With that, he put Hedwig's cage on the sidewalk, lowered his trunk and sat on top of it to think, twirling his wand in between his fingers while looking up and down the street in case some Ministry wizard was approaching him. Though, what was he going to do if one found him was one thing he had no idea about. The only proper dueling spell that he knew was the Expelliarmus and the rest were some minor