My hobbity birthday present for the LotR community. (Yay! I finally managed to do it!) The New Roommate "Why do we have to scrub the floor?" Fifteen-year-old Doralic Brandybuck, better known as Derlic among the lads, sighed inwardly at the question. Favouring his brother with his most patient, long-suffering look he answered, "I told you; it's because we're getting a new roommate." "But why do we have to scrub it?" Morilac persisted. "Why can't one of the servants—" "Oh." Now Derlic understood. "Mum said something about it being our room so we ought to be keeping it clean anyways, and not to be bothering the servants all the time, and—" "Right, right, I get it," Morilac interrupted. He glowered at the dusty space that his bed had previously occupied and sighed. "Is it a lad?" Derlic rolled his eyes, making sure that his little brother didn't see. "Yes, Lacks." "Then he's not even going to notice the floor!" "Then take it up with Mum! Lawks, Morilac!" The younger lad subsided and the two continued cleaning in silence. "What's he like?" Derlic shrugged. "Dunno. He's Cousin Prim's lad, though, so he probably knows how to swim and climb trees, and he was playing crack-the-whip the other day." Lacks nodded wistfully. "Yeah, he probably does. She'd be sure to teach him." He gave Derlic a grimace of a smile, and Derlic returned it. Cousin Primula had always been a favourite among the younger set. Even with a husband and a lad of her own she'd still always found time for playing with the children of Brandy Hall and making them feel special. In fact, today was the day that the lads had planned to show her the secret cave that they'd found by the riverbank. Now, thanks to the drowning nobody was being allowed near the Brandywine until Uncle Rorimac, the Master of Buckland and Brandy Hall, said so. Lacks looked away. "I can't believe she's gone. She was just here!" Derlic nodded, his jaw tight, and scrubbed at the floor. The last few weeks had been so strange. First was the birth of his new second cousin Berilac, and then on the very night of Berilac's welcoming party Cousin Primula and her husband Drogo had gone out for a late boat ride and managed to sink the boat somehow and drown themselves. Then had been all of the comings and goings with the burial and the will-reading and every lad in the smial knew about the fuss that had been made over where Drogo and Primula's son would live (many, including Derlic and Lacks, had been eavesdropping on the discussion at least at some point), including the lad's vehement announcement that he didn't EVER want any other parents. And now he's going to live here . Derlic glanced around the room with a sigh. He and Lacks had shared the little room between themselves for as long as Doralic could remember, and now a strange lad was going to come in and disrupt everything because the Mistress said that he needed to be with lads his own age. "D'you think he'll like us?" Doralic blinked at his brother for a moment. "Why wouldn't he?" "Dunno, but he might not. Said he didn't want a new family, 'member?" "Yeah, but that was parents , not brothers ." "Oh. Good." Lacks glanced sideways at him. "So who's going to take care of him? Us?" Oh, now that was a scary thought. "No, I think Cousin Saradoc and Esmerelda will. He'll just sleep with us." "Hm." Derlic glanced at his younger brother. Lacks was either thinking, or else he was still upset about something. Those were the only two times that he would work so single-mindedly at anything the way that he was scrubbing at a muddy corner where one of them had left their boots during Astron and never thoroughly cleaned up the mess. The pair worked in silence for a little while. "I miss Cousin Prim." Derlic looked up from the floor. Lacks was still scrubbing at that corner. "So do I." Morilac twisted around to look at him "Do you think that he'll be anything like her?" "I dunno," Derlic shrugged. "He's only eleven or so." Lacks looked at him with disgust. "You mean he's not even a teen yet? Why are they puting him in here?!" "Mum said that he could sleep with us." "But he's only a child," Morilac protested. "He'll be in the way and we'll be tripping over him all the time! Why would she say he could stay here?" " You're only thirteen," Derlic returned sharply, "and he needed a place to stay. The aunts don't want him to be left alone. They're afraid of something." Now Lacks looked interested. "What?" "How should I know?" Derlic finally exploded. "Do I look like I have all the answers!? We'll find out when he gets here. Until then, I Don't Know!" Morilac backed off, as if fearing to rouse his brother's temper further and the pair worked in silence. After a few minutes, however, Lacks asked in a much more subdued tone, "Do you know when he'll get here?" "Sometime tonight," was the laconic answer. -fjfjfjfjfjf- "He's HERE!" Lacks bellowed, racing into the bedroom. "DORALIC! HE'S HERE!" "I heard, Lacks, I heard," Derlic grumbled, twitching the patchwork quilt on the newcomer's bed straight. "You don't need to yell." "Oh. Well, they just arrived, and they're in the front room, and," here Morilac's voice dropped to a whisper, "he's little." Derlic rolled his eyes. "He's eleven years old. He's going to be little." "Yeah, but," Lacks flopped backwards onto the bed that they would now be sharing, "he's really young, Der. He won't let go of Cousin Esmerelda's hand and he keeps looking 'round and 'round and staring at everything like he's never seen it before and is scared of it. I don't think that he knows how to swim or climb trees or scrump a pie from a pantry or anything! You didn't say anything about him being so young!" He stared at Derlic with dark, accusing eyes. Derlic grimaced inwardly at this unpromising description of their roommate, but refused to lose face in front of his little brother. "All right, so we won't be able to show him all of our favourite haunts right away. He'll grow, though, and we've got a whole summer to teach him how to swim. Give it a bit of time." He expertly slipped a pillow into its white case and tossed it onto the bed. "Maybe," Lacks still looked sceptical. "C'mon," Derlic grabbed Lacks' and yanked him up from the bed. "There's a chest in one of the mathom rooms that should just fit at the foot of the bed. Let's get it." It took a bit for the lads to wrestle the large chest down the passages to their bedroom, and as they approached the room Derlic could hear voices within. "—I had hoped that the lads would be here to meet you," a disapproving female voice was saying. Aunt Menegilda , Derlic thought, suddenly understanding his mother's anxiety about the room being perfect. He hadn't realised that the Mistress of Buckland herself would be inspecting their room. Guiltily he remembered the tarts he and Lacks had scrumped earlier that morning. Surely she wouldn't know about them already . "Don't worry, Mother," a younger female voice responded. "I'm sure they're about somewhere." Cousin Esmerelda? Derlic frowned. She's here too? "Lacks," he hissed, "let's leave it out here for a minute." "Sounds good to me," Lacks grunted. The pair quickly settled the heavy chest against the wall and hurried to their room. Sure enough, there stood the formidable Aunt Menegilda, her daughter-in-love Esmerelda, and Mum. Derlic couldn't even see their new roommate around all of the ladies. "Oh, there you are, lads," Mum said, turning and catching sight of the pair. The other two ladies swung around at once, making Derlic feel as if he'd been caught scrumping again. "Come and say hello to Frodo." "Hullo!" Lacks called cheekily from the doorframe. Derlic rolled his eyes and dragged his brother into the room. Just beyond all of the ladies and their skirts stood a small lad with dark hair and a very pale face. It took only a glance to tell Derlic that this was the lad who'd nearly fallen out of the tree less than a week ago when the bodies of his cousins had been brought to shore. He gazed at them silently for a moment and then mumbled, "Hello." "Hello," Lacks returned, eyeing the lad—really the child —suspiciously. Derlic pasted on a bright smile. "Welcome to our room," he grinned. "We hope that you like it." If Lacks isn't going to have any manners then one of us had better . "Thank you," the child returned softly. "I'm sure that I'll - enjoy my stay." Well, he has manners, at least , Derlic thought, although he couldn't help but notice how he'd choked on 'enjoy'. Now, can he keep his seat any better in a tree? "Where have you lads been?" his mother frowned. "We were getting a chest for Frodo to put his stuff into," Lacks answered. "It's out in the passage. You can put your bag into it if you want," he offered, turning to Frodo. The younger lad clutched the rucksack he was carrying a little tighter. Derlic noticed that one of his hands was buried within the contents of the small pack. Mum frowned at the 'out in', but before she could say anything Aunt Menegilda said crisply, "Well, thank you for doing that, lads, but Frodo has his own chest that he'll be using. The servants will be bringing it in shortly, I'm sure." "Oh." Derlic didn't know whether to feel disappointed, relieved, or rejected. "Do you want us to take it back, Aunt Menegilda?" "No, dear," she answered. "The servants can take it back for you. Thank you for taking the time to bring it though. It was very thoughtful of you." "What do you think of your room, dearling?" Cousin Esmerelda asked, kneeling down so that she was at Frodo's level. The child looked around dully. "It's very nice," he mumbled, and then looked up at Derlic and Lacks for almost the first time. "Thank you for allowing me to stay with you." He might have been saying thank you, but his eyes certainly weren't saying...anything, really. They were dull and empty-looking; not at all like the wild, laughing little creature who'd hung on so tightly during crack-the-whip last week, nor even the frantic lad who'd almost fallen out of the tree. Derlic wasn't sure what to say, so he settled on, "You're welcome." The child gave him a tremulous smile, but again, nothing showed in the hollow blue eyes. "Do you like the floor?" Morilac asked as he flopped down on their bed, a bit of a bite in the back of his voice. "We mopped it 'specially for you." Derlic glared at him, wishing that he was close enough to give his brother a sharp elbow to the ribs. A puzzled look came over the young lad's face and he gave said floor a glance. Derlic did not miss the significant look that Lacks gave him and rolled his eyes. "It looks very nice," Frodo shrugged. "Beggin' your pardon, mistress," a strange voice said from the doorway, and everyone turned to see a servant standing there holding one handle of a chest. "Where would y' like this?" "Here," Mum gestured to the foot of the single bed by the wall. "He'll be sleeping in this one." "Aye, mistress," and everyone moved further into the room so that the two servants could put down the chest. "Will you be all right there, dearling?" Cousin Esmerelda asked Frodo, laying a hand on his shoulder. "Yes, Aunt Esme," the child murmured. "Do you want me to help you settle in?" she asked.