Disclaimer : I have no claim to the Harry Potter franchise and I make no profit in the writing of this fanction. (AN): I've been on a HP fanfic spiel the last couple of weeks, so I've decided to pick this back up and rewrite. Onward. " It answered to somebody else. When he killed Snape, he thought the wand would become his. But the thing is, the wand never belonged to Snape. It was Draco who disarmed Dumbledore that night in the Astronomy Tower. From that moment on, the wand answered to him."- Harry Potter The first time Draco Malfoy touched one of the Deathly Hollows was a warm spring evening, marked by the gentle brush of the wind against his face and the creak of oaks. Potter had crept from the castle, stealthily avoiding his friends and concerned teachers as he went to answer the gauntlet thrown down by the Dark Lord. Just so that he could give in to the Dark Lord's demand that the Boy-Who-Lived turn himself over to the monster who had murdered his parents. But Harry did not escape Draco's eye. The blond teenager was panting and shaking as he leaned against a pine at the edge of the Forbidden Forest. The Slytherin had fled with his tail between his legs and a rising grief in his throat at the way Crabbe had died – screaming and immolated by wild Fiendfyre. Draco ran towards the camp where he knew his parents - the only people in the world who loved him - would be. Stopping in the No Man's Land between the last holdout against the Dark Lord's rule and the morbid court the dark wizard was holding in the forest, Draco finally breathed a truth that had been building in his lungs for two years. "I don't want to serve the Dark Lord." And the admission was breaking, because no matter how hard he tried he couldn't conceive of a way to win. There was no way to keep himself and his family alive and well. They would have to suffer the abuse of a monster for the rest of their miserable tortured lives. Running a hand through his blond locks, Draco turned the situation over and over in his mind. A tormented frown grew on his face as every plan half-hearted plan he thought up in his mind went wrong. Victory was impossible. It was Potter that drew him from his thoughts, the other boy walking right past the Malfoy heir in a daze. The dark-haired teen was so drawn into his own world that he never noticed his longtime rival; even as Draco gaped at him like a fish. Serenely, Harry trekked into the darkness of the wood, vanishing into the shadows. Draco didn't know what exactly it was that compelled him to close his mouth and trail after the other boy. It was some inexplicable feeling that nagged into his brain with a taste like destiny, demanding Draco pick up his feet and follow. So did Malfoy see the dead rise again as Potter turned a ring over in his palm three times, whispering names under his breath to summon the specters of his parents, his godfather, and his mentor. The instinct that hounded him to follow Harry froze him in his tracks – discovery was not why he was there. The low murmur of the conversation between the living and the dead was impossible to understand from his distance, and Draco was not inclined to move any closer. He simply watched, shivering in fear and awe at the conjured departed. Minutes passed, and with a final nod the ghosts vanished, and Potter turned on his heel to continue on his way. The ring tumbled from Harry's hands to land on the carpet of dead plant matter, and the Boy-Who-Lived wandered down a slope and out of sight. After a long moment, Draco mustered the courage to step forward to where the other boy had stood and kneel, searching frantically amid the detritus for what had been left. Pale fingers hooked on a cold twist of metal, and the Slytherin pulled forth a plain gold band. Set in the ring was a single black stone, carved with what he had grown up being told was the sign of the Dark Lord Grindelwald. His pale features went white. What on earth was someone like Potter doing with something like that ? Then he turned the ring over in his hand thrice, that same urge that drove him to follow Potter driving him to use what he had in his possession. It was desperation that he breathed at the end, not even knowing until that instant what he'd been needing. " Albus Dumbledore. " There was a pause in the world, for it seemed that everything had gone deathly still. Then the Headmaster came. "Draco." Dumbledore sighed softly, looking down his crooked nose at his wayward pupil with a piercing blue gaze. Silver eyes stared back silently pleading before the boy could swallow past the lump in his throat and give a throaty croak. "Help me." An inscrutable look crossed Dumbledore's face, before the old man smiled. "You do not need my help Draco." The spectre reached out, setting an insubstantial thumb against Malfoy's forehead where it burned like an icy brand. "You already have all the answers. Look back to the last time we met, and you will remember at the end of my life that it was my mercy that mattered, not yours." Draco's lips trembled, fighting against the urge to bawl. "It is our choices who show who we are. What sort of man are you going to become?" The twinkle that had gleamed in the old sorcerer's eyes in life returned even as the ghost faded. "Do not ask for my forgiveness, it has always been given to you. Good luck and farewell, Draco Malfoy." "I- sir-please!" Draco choked, unable to string together a coherent thought on the matter before the old man was gone, vanished back into the ether. Staring at where his former Headmaster had been in thought, Draco lost himself until something crashed in the trees. Cursing, the Malfoy heir dove off to the side. He managed to hide in a crop of shrubbery, peering out as the Hogwarts Gameskeeper strode back up the ridge, blubbering and cradling Potter's limp form in his arms. Draco went white, watching in horror as a triumphant Voldemort followed on the half-giant's heels, throwing out caustic comments to the rehearsed laughter of his servants. The blond watched as the procession moved on by, staying concealed even at the sight of his distraught mother. It was only after the sounds of the group faded away, that the youngest Malfoy stood, peering after them in indecision. "What sort of man?" he wondered softly, a trickle of conviction warring with fear in his eyes. Draco slid the ring onto his finger. The second time Draco touched one of the Deathly Hollows was a morning of spellfire and horror and majesty. When Potter rose from the dead, Draco forgot to breath. And he knew that so did everyone else. The Boy-Who-Lived seemed undefeatable when facing down the Dark Lord's wand, and by the way the Dark Lord's eyes widened comically with fear, Draco would have said the monster felt it too. So much of what Harry said that day burned. It burnt and curled around inside him warm and heady with a feeling that he couldn't give sound to with his tongue. Hope. " Neither can live while the other survives..." " Dumbledore is dead!" " He chose his own manner of dying, chose it months before you did, arranged the whole thing with the man that you thought was your servant." " The Elder Wand recognized a new Master before Dumbledore died, someone who had never even laid a hand on it. The new master removed the wand from Dumbledore against his will, never realizing exactly what he'd done, or that the world's most dangerous wand had given him its allegiance..." There was something building in Draco's chest, a foreboding coldness that urged him to run and to step back into the shadows and hide among dark robes. The True Master of the Elder Wand is Draco Malfoy. Icy fear rose in his chest as Potter tracked a green stare unerringly at his former schoolmate rival with a look full of meaning, and Draco knew. He knew even before the mingled shouts of ' Expelliarmus!' and ' Avada Kadavra!' . He knew it before red and green mingled. And he knew it even before the red began to fold back under the pressure. Harry Potter was going to die. The boy himself knew it. And Draco knew it just as surely as Potter did. That gaze was something that he didn't want to own up to, a charge that made him shake and choke and want to cry. Because when Potter had looked at him, it was all there in that instant. Passing the torch. Then red collapsed with a bang, and emerald light flashed. Silence hung as Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived-And-Died-To-Live-Again, died for the very last time. It was a frozen tableau, as if fragile marble had crystallized everything. Tom Riddle laughed. He laughed and howled jubilantly with all the mad humour of a monster that had won at last; swallowing the light of the sun. People screamed, some dashing forward with spells in a last-ditch effort to avenge their fallen hero. Others finally broke and fled screeching. It made no difference to the Dark Lord, who giggled as he effortlessly parried dozens of spells and broke the last resistance to his rule one kill at a time. Redhaired Weasleys died by the droves it seemed to Draco as he dodged through the melee, listening to the whisper in his ears of hurry hurry hurry. Old Man Weasley and his dumpy wife tumbled to the flagstones like broken marionettes. The second twin Weasley joined his brother in death. Werewolf Weasley with all his scars went down in a red ruin. Dragon Weasley with his burly arms light up in malevolent flames. Even Poncy Weasley with his prim and proper bearing was blown to bits. Weaselette died screaming under the Cruciatus as foam bubbled from her mouth and she bit though her tongue, choking on her blood. Then finally it was only Ron, tears pouring down his freckled face as he desperately tried to kill a wizard decades his senior. Draco bent and lifted a shimmering cloak from the ground with a morbid sense of rightness, as if things were finally clicking when he wrapped the cloth around his shoulders. Then he stood, coming face to face with Granger. Rage and disgust burned in the mudblood's eyes and twitched in the fierce frown that settled on her brow. Granger's hands curled into fists with an aching intent to drive into his face; to reward him for the desecration that he was visiting upon her best friend's body. And he flinched back, remembering all too well the last time her face had worn that particular expression. Then he was shoved forward by a gloved hand, toppling over onto Granger and going down with her in a tangled pile of limbs. Hissing as her elbow dug into his ribs and curling away automatically, Draco cast his gaze back up to see who had thrown him down. A flash of green, and Lucius Malfoy crumpled. Draco's father was deathly still as he collapsed, tangled blond mane settling over features that had grown gaunt in Azkaban. But Draco didn't need to see his father's glazed eyes to know there was no rise in the Malfoy Patriarch's chest. Dead. Fear began to pass into fury as Draco turned a burning look at the Dark Lord, hate finally winning out over terror to send a venomous glare. Voldemort's slit nostrils flared as a pale eyebrow twitched at yet