Here's hoping everyone had a Merry Christmas. I'm still trying to fix the next chapters of Second Chances. Hopefully, in the meantime, this lighter story will suffice. 000 Title: To Charm an Elf Author: Melusine Rating: Mature Warnings: first love, first time, AU, fluff Disclaimer: LOTR belongs to Tolkien's heirs; no harm is intended by using his characters and settings in this fic. Beta: Ireth and Getty; thanks, ladies! Summary: Aragorn tries to win Legolas' affection, but help from the Twins and a series of blunders nearly have the opposite effect. Author's Notes: This was written for Zee 113 for the 2009 Legolas/Aragorn Slash Ficathon. Request: Young love where either or both of them is inexperienced and fumbling. Fumbling sex is good, too. Add some obstacles please (like a misunderstanding or the twins plotting), so that it wouldn't be too painful to see them embarrass themselves. - scenarios/genres I absolutely do NOT want: No Arwen. Please. No evil Aragorn or Legolas, either. No extreme kink, rape or character death. No bugs, thank you. :) Oh, and I prefer Aragorn topping but the Elf can have some fun, too, of course. Optional Prompt Words: sail, symbelmine, shallow, stairs, sword ooo000ooo Imladris, 2951 Aragorn walked quickly through the corridors, glancing now and then at the faces of those moving past him. The one he hoped to see, the one who had occupied his thoughts all day, was nowhere to be found. Aragorn bowed his head as disappointment washed over him. The tournament started tomorrow and perhaps the Mirkwood prince had decided not to attend the festivities this evening. Aragorn turned and began to head back in the direction of his private chambers, only to collide immediately with the one he had been seeking. Aragorn's breath caught in his throat and heat rose up his neck and into his face. That very Elf now held him steady by his forearms, an expression of concern marring his fair features. Warm blue eyes stared into his own before moving quickly away. The feeling of being struck by lightning seared through Aragorn as fiercely as it had when they had been introduced earlier. It was the first time that had ever happened to him, and it left him as flustered now as it had then. Aragorn's high-collared formal tunic seemed suddenly tighter than usual. "Forgive me," Aragorn stammered, "I was not paying attention." " 'Tis quite all right. I was distracted myself. I am trying to find the Hall of Fire. I asked a servant, but. . . ." Aragorn's face lit with eagerness. "I am going that way myself, Your Highness. I would be happy to show you." "Please, call me Legolas," he replied. "Yes," came the soft reply. "And I am Aragorn." Legolas' own voice was just as quiet. "Yes, I recall." He was not likely to forget actually. The young human had intrigued him from the moment he had been introduced earlier that day and Legolas had first laid eyes on him. He was familiar with men, but the young man standing before him possessed physical charms he had not seen in others of that race. That combined with his scent and the sparkle of life in his eyes had Legolas' heart hammering and his stomach fluttering as it did before an encounter with spiders. It was a thrilling feeling, though quite disconcerting, to be sure. He was not certain what to make of it. After a moment they began to walk. They were silent again at first as they moved slowly through the corridor, hands clasped behind their backs, eyeing each other with quick glances now and then. "Will you be taking part in the tournament?" Legolas asked after a moment. "Yes," Aragorn answered, happy that Legolas had brought up a topic that he could respond to without embarrassing himself. "And what is your weapon?" "The sword, though I am not as skilled as my brothers, of course." "I am sure you are better than you think you are," Legolas offered. "I myself look upon this as an opportunity to learn even should I not acquit myself well in the archery competition." Aragorn chanced another look out of the corner of his eye at the Elf walking beside him. Like all of the Firstborn Legolas moved gracefully, and Aragorn could picture him effortlessly stringing a bow and finding all of his targets. "I look forward to watching you," Aragorn blurted. "Thank you," Legolas turned his head to smile at him. "I look forward to your competition as well." Aragorn's face heated again, this time with pleasure. "Well, we are here," he said quietly, wishing that they had not reached their destination so soon. Legolas' gaze drifted into the chamber filled with Elves before he turned his attention to Aragorn. "So we are." "I should join my family," Aragorn voiced reluctantly. "And I should find my people," Legolas replied. He bowed slightly. "Thank you for your kindness in showing me here." "It was my pleasure," Aragorn murmured. They went their separate ways, Aragorn moving to stand on one side of the hall near his mother and Lord Elrond, Legolas to the other to join the Mirkwood Elves. Aragorn, still reeling from actually having a chance to be alone with Legolas, spoke quietly to his family, before falling silent and stealing a glance across the way. Legolas was deep in conversation with one of his men, and Aragorn studied him eagerly. His hair, down this evening, hung past his shoulders, and Aragorn wondered if it felt as silky as it looked. He seemed quite somber of mien, but Aragorn could detect the whisper of a smile about his lips every now and then as he spoke. And though he was slim, Aragorn knew that his body was firmly-honed. At least it had felt so when Aragorn had crashed into him. He was perfect. Comely beyond words. And Aragorn was smitten. He had no idea that across the way, Legolas was thinking and feeling the very same things. ooo000ooo The tournament began the following morning. Archery was first, which meant that Aragorn could watch Legolas with no one being the wiser regarding his feelings. Clad once again in the browns and greens he had been wearing upon his arrival, he stood out from the other archers. Of course he would stand out if he wore nothing at all, Aragorn decided, and then blushed even more profusely than he had so far managed to do, while other parts of his body reacted in a most unbecoming and inconvenient way. "Are you well, Aragorn?" his mother asked in concern when Aragorn had fidgeted for several moments in silence. "Yes, Mother," Aragorn replied. "I am well." "He is no doubt excited about the tournament beginning," Lord Elrond helpfully offered, though he too, was eyeing Aragorn thoughtfully. "Yes, that is it," Aragorn agreed eagerly. Twenty archers lined up and took aim. Twenty arrows hit twenty targets. They fired again and again, until at last all their arrows were spent and their targets judged. Out of the first set only Haldir, Gildor, and Legolas remained. After another round of firing Gildor was eliminated, and then at last the final shots between Legolas and Haldir were being marked and counted. Aragorn held his breath as the judges eyed the targets. The contest was declared a draw. Aragorn clapped enthusiastically, his heart bursting with pride, although he was certain that Legolas' arrows were all a little closer to the mark than Haldir's. Not that he could see them, of course. But how could one so capable looking do otherwise? ooo000ooo "You seem out of sorts, Aragorn," Gilraen asked her son later that evening. "Are you still coming to terms with your true identity?" They were walking toward the banquet hall. Aragorn slowed his steps, and then halted altogether. Glancing about, he pulled his mother aside into an alcove. "Aragorn?" Aragorn shook his head. "No, I understand why it was done." "What is it, then?" "It is only that, well . . . how does it feel when you're in love?" "Ah," she exclaimed softly. That explained the blushing and the distracted manner her son had been displaying all day. "Well, it is difficult to describe, actually. How do you feel?" "As if butterflies have taken up residence in my stomach and Dwarves are mining in my heart." Gilraen nodded and smiled knowingly. "I've not heard it stated quite like that before, but I suppose that is as good a way to put it as any." "I want to court him but I have no idea how, or even if he would welcome it." "He?" "Legolas of Mirkwood." "Ah. He is most charming," Gilraen nodded. "But are you certain you wish to pursue him?" Aragorn glanced at her sharply. "What is wrong with him?" "Nothing that I can see. Only, he is another male, Aragorn, and such relations can be difficult, for not all understand or accept them." "Would you deny me the chance to pursue him, to win his love if I can?" Gilraen hesitated before replying. The world was dark and happiness was so fleeting; she herself had known so little of it. If loving Legolas made Aragorn happy, she could not withhold her blessing, for who knew how long any of them had. "No, I would not. If that is where your heart lies, then you must follow it." "Thank you, Mother." Aragorn bent to kiss her cheek. "Hmm, now then, perhaps you had better ask Elladan and Elrohir for advice on how to woo someone, for I have no experience, and I'm certain they have some idea how to go about such things," Gilraen smiled reassuringly and tugged Aragorn back toward the dining hall. "But come now, you cannot court on an empty stomach." ooo000ooo "You want to court Legolas?" The twins had stopped laughing only long enough for Elrohir to ask that. Aragorn glared at them, wishing that he had not taken his mother's advice. Erestor would be a better person to ask, of that he was certain. "Never mind," he huffed and turned to storm out. "Wait, Aragorn," Elladan called, "it is only that we always think of you as being so young that–." "Obviously not too young to ride in errantry with you," Aragorn retorted. "We did not mean to laugh, truly. We will help you all we can," Elrohir offered contritely. "What do I do?" Elladan thought for a moment. "Well, he is an Elf, so poems and songs are in order." "Gifts too. Something simple. A brooch for his cloak or some such," Elrohir added. "A poem?" Aragorn asked, somewhat alarmed. There was more to courting than he had anticipated. "I know some wonderful poems of battles." "Perhaps you should write him a note then," Elrohir decided. "Wouldn't want him to think you just want to talk about weaponry," Elladan chortled. "Well, spears and swords, perhaps," Elrohir winked. "Those might come up in the discussion." Aragorn blushed again and prayed that the floor would open beneath his feet. Elladan laughed again but grabbed his youngest brother by an arm and dragged him over to his desk. "Sit. We'll give you ideas. You write. Then we'll send your note to the charming prince and you'll win his heart." "Nothing to worry about," Elrohir smiled, and began drawing upon his vast experience to give Aragorn lines guaranteed to never fail. ooo000ooo The following morning Legolas made his way to the lists deep in thought. He wondered if he would have a chance to be alone with Aragorn so that they might talk and get to know one another better. He was just passing by a group from Lothlorien when he overheard his opponent from the day before speaking. Thinking to congratulate him once again on a fine match, Legolas retraced his steps. "I received a strange note this morning," Haldir was saying to one of his brothers. "What was so strange about it?" Rumil wondered. "It