Title: The Prince and the Nightingale Author: Melusine Pairing: Legolas/OFC Rating: R Warnings: romance; fluff; mild romantic angst; first love; first time Disclaimer: LOTR belongs to Tolkien's heirs. I'm just playing with the characters. Summary: He was a prince of Mirkwood; she was the daughter of his father's captain. He's known her all her life, but can he stop seeing her as a child and recognize what was always meant to be? Chapter 1 Mirkwood, 2778, T.A. The summer day was a quiet one in the great northern forest that had once been known as Greenwood. Yet there was a tremor of excitement in the air. The trees rustled with it, and the birds chirped gladly where they were perched in their nests in the branches. From the ground below, murmurs rose to meet them. One of these belonged to an Elfling, who stood with her mother alongside the other families gathered at the end of the trail where it came to a stop at the edge of the clearing. The young one curled her bare toes in the springy grass, and then, because it was so very hard to stand still when anticipating anything, she began to bounce back and forth on the balls of her feet. "Will they be here soon, Nana?" "Yes, dear. Soon. Now stop jumping around. You'll dirty your dress." Dulinneth halted mid-hop and glanced up at her mother before peering anxiously through the tall trees that stretched upward toward the sky. They stood like sentinels as far as she could see along the faint path that led towards the south. The ones farthest away, however, were dipped in shadow, and to the nine year old they looked like the largest of Orcs, and she shivered, even though it was daylight. She was afraid of Orcs. In the stillness of night when the tree branches scraped against her bedroom walls, she would hide beneath her blankets until she remembered they were trees and not evil creatures seeking to fill their bellies with her flesh, as the older children in the settlement whispered they did when they thought the younger ones were not around, or even sometimes when they knew they were. But Dulinneth knew they were safe here in the northern stretches of Mirkwood, in King Thranduil's domain, thanks to the tall warriors who guarded the borders. Warriors like her father, who was coming home today. She looked up at her dark-haired mother and tilted her head to the side, her brow furrowing. She pulled on her mother's hand until warm blue eyes met her own. "How do you know?" "I feel it inside, through the connection that your father and I share. And the woods tell me also," Galuves answered. "You will see your ada very soon." Dulinneth nodded, but she did not understand, not truly. Perhaps it was some secret grown-up knowledge and she would know the same things one day. For now all she knew was that when her father was away her mother often went very still and seemed to be listening to something only she could hear. "I wish they were here now." She stood up on tiptoe in an effort to see more, but everyone was so tall. "You must be patient." But Dulinneth did not want to be patient and wait; she wanted to go and watch for her father. She backed up slowly until she thought she must be out of her mother's vision and then turned and began to run, the folds of her blue skirts gathered above her knees. There was a beech she knew of, some distance further on from where the others were gathered. She heard Galuves calling to her to come back, but she pretended not to hear as she made her way to it. She stood, panting, at the base of the tree. It was tall enough to watch and wait from, but the lowest branches were just within her reach. She stood on tiptoe and caught the first one and hauled herself up. The bark dug into her hands and legs, and she felt her dress rip as she moved slowly upward. How she wished she could wear leggings. Climbing would be so much easier then. At last she reached a branch that hung over the path they would come by, her legs dangling beneath. She was excited not only to see her ada, of course, but he rode with the prince, and that meant seeing him as well. She liked Prince Legolas, for he was always kind to her. From below and to her left she heard the sound of horses and the low murmur of male voices. Her heart thrummed quickly, and she thought, perhaps, she could move a little more directly over the road for an even better look. ooo000ooo000ooo "A good patrol, I think, my Lord." Legolas glanced over at Belegur, his father's friend and senior captain and then back at the line of warriors following behind. One or two of the newer recruits had bandaged limbs, and the prince frowned in concern. "You don't think some need more training?" "They're young and raw. More experience in the field is what they need," Belegur said. He looked back at the men as well. "And more training, aye. We'll take care of that." They rode on, the king's captain and the prince discussing what new techniques might be useful to add to their regimen. They were just talking of more hand to hand combat when abruptly, Legolas straightened on his horse, his sharp eyes catching a flash of blue among the branches of a tree ahead where it dipped low over the road. There were no birds in the forest of that color. It could only be a person, most likely one who should not be there-a child. Swearing, Legolas dug his heels into Suldal's flanks, urging her into a gallop. Later he would not be able to recall how he had reached her in time, but she had only just lost her balance when he was below her. He caught her, his hands shaking as much as the child was, and held her close. "Shh, 'tis all right. You're safe now," Legolas murmured, rubbing her back. A small voice came from the face pressed into his tunic. "Legolas?" "Dulinneth?" Legolas asked, pushing her from him slightly. Large moss green eyes peered back at him from a pale face, and he felt his own lose even more color. "Ai, Valar, haven't you been told not to climb so high?" "It wasn't very high at all," she contradicted, shaking her head. "Not really." "What in Arda? Dulinneth?" They both looked to find Belegur had caught up with them. The blond captain's braids bounced one last time as he settled his horse into a walk beside them. Dulinneth took one look at his narrowed green eyes, darker than her own, before burying her head against Legolas' chest once again. Her father was angry; he would scold her as well, she knew. "She fell, lost her balance, I think. She's unharmed," Legolas explained, trying to keep his voice casual about the near accident. He felt far from it, however. His heartbeat still hadn't slowed and he kept picturing her hitting the ground. It was true she had not been very high above the road-for an adult. "Thank the Valar you saw her." "Thank them I caught her." He looked down at the child where she was still holding onto his shirt front. She had scratches on her arms, her light brown hair was tangled, and her dress was torn in places, but perhaps that was from her climb up the tree. He released another breath. "Dulinneth, come over here. Let the prince ride alone," Belegur said, nudging his horse closer. "Please, Ada, may I ride with Legolas?" " 'Tis all right. I do not mind," Legolas told him. Belegur nodded. "Very well. You may ride with the prince, but mind your manners." "Yes, Ada. Thank you." Dulinneth waited as the prince helped her settle comfortably in front of him on Suldal's back, before catching a bundle of the mare's mane in her hands. A soft, dreamy smile grew on her face as she rode. She knew that she would likely be punished for being disobedient and climbing where she was not supposed to, alone, but for right now it mattered not-she was with her prince, and all was right with her world. ooo000ooo000ooo The night had turned slightly cooler but Dulinneth lay with her arms resting atop her blanket. She said nothing as her mother applied salve to the scratches from her climb earlier that day. She had already treated the cuts on Dulinneth's legs and they were feeling better. The medicine felt good where it touched her wounds; it relieved the sting caused by the hot water and soap from her bath just a bit ago. Slowly the threat of tears passed. Her mother smiled gently. "There, now that should help." "Thank you, Nana," Dulinneth said, her voice subdued. "I am sorry for running off." "I know, dear. But your father and I want you to remember that every action has a consequence. You disobeyed us, and you could have been badly hurt. It was very lucky that the prince was there to catch you when he did. You understand, then, why you are confined to our talan this week?" "Yes, Nana. I understand." She ran her hands over the soft wool blanket before glancing at her mother and chewing on her lower lip. "Do you—do you think Prince Legolas is angry with me for falling on him?" "I do not think so," Galuves answered, smiling. She pulled the blanket more snugly around Dulinneth. "He seemed more worried than anything when he came by earlier." "I'm glad he is not angry." Dulinneth tilted her head up for her mother's kiss. "I'm going to marry him one day, you see." "Of course you are, dear. But first you should get some sleep so you can grow up properly." Galuves kissed her again and then blew out the candle that stood glowing brightly on the bedside table. "Good night, little one." "Good night, Nana." ooo000ooo000ooo Dulinneth pressed her lips together to stop from crying out as the needle pierced her finger yet again. She raised the digit to her lips and put it into her mouth to suck the blood away, wincing. It was the fifth time already this afternoon. She sighed and began the next stitch. Careful, small, not too tight or too loose, she thought to herself as she slid the needle through the fabric and pulled the thread snug. It was the third day of her punishment. It was also her tenth begetting day. She was to be more careful, she had been told, and next time someone might not be there to catch her if she fell. She must behave like a young lady. She must learn to sew, to weave cloth, to do things fitting for a female. Well, as to that, she did not mind being a girl, and she did not mind learning the things she would need to know one day when she was married and running her own household. There was much to learn, after all, and she wanted to be a good wife to her future mate. She imagined sewing her husband's shirts for him, and Prince Legolas would smile and tell her what a wonderful wife she was, and how kind, to do this for him. No, if she minded learning these things today it was only because it was so beautiful outside. It had been raining the last two days, which had made her being confined to her parents' talan easier to bear, but the downpour had stopped at last and now the air smelled fresh and clean, the birds sang, and she could hear the sounds of the other children outside. They would be playing tag or running