For once, my dreams where just weird. No nightmares, not much fortune-telling, just straight up weird dreams like a normal person. I've had nightmares with evil titans and giants, and some where I've been left to the harpies. But this was so weird it was the scariest thing I've ever dreamed. I woke up in my bed. Only it wasn't my bed. I was in the Demeter cabin, surrounded by flowers and plants. I stood up only to see that the plants are wrapped around my limbs. I struggled for a while until I remembered my sword. As soon as I uncapped my pen, they shrunk into the floor. I ran outside, only to find purple shirts. I was in Camp Jupiter. Only then did I notice the weirdest thing yet. They had the heads of monsters I've killed. All of them. Even Reyna had a head of a monster. The only demigod not affected was Octavian, who seemed to be the one ordering this army of demigods. I felt a tap on my shoulder and turn around to find Annabeth. But when I try to kiss her, I get hit by a spear. Ares is standing behind me. Then, just as unexpected as a spear stabbing, Ares gets struck down with the butt if a sword. Ares collapses and reveals Hephaestus with an evil grin on his face. And just as I'm about to get stabbed by Leo's dad, I wake up to see Tyson standing over me. "Brother? Brother?" He shakes my shoulder as his huge eye states down at me. "What do you want Tyson?" I said, although it comes out more like "whadyawan" because my face was muffled by my pillow. "Percy!" My dad was standing back, at the entrance to my cabin. "Dad?" He was just standing there in his normal khaki shorts like a normal person and not an immortal god. "Dad! Why are you here?" "Can't a dad visit his own son?" "Just wondering!" I put my hands up to show surrender. "But seriously why are you here?" "I heard some news. Gossip really. Aphrodite lives for knowing everything about everyone's relationships. I normally tune it out but she mentioned something about you and Annabeth at the latest "Greek-gods-laughing-at-Greek-mythology" meeting." "What did you hear?" I queried. "Now tell me if I'm wrong. But for one, Aphrodite saw you walk out of a jewellers with a small box, and two, Leo told Will who told Nico who told Hazel who told Frank who told Jason who told Jupiter who told Mars who told Frank who told Piper who told her mom. So a long line of people have minor ear-witness accounts of this story." He was tinkering with a tap in my mini waterfall, while Tyson was playing with something made of Celestial bronze. "You're not wrong. I bought a ring. Doesn't mean I'm going to propose." "That's normally what a ring means." He was still tampering with the waterfall, although now it looked like he was trying to get the water to go up. "What if she says no? What if I mess up? What if she finds someone new? What if-" "You literally have been to hell and back with each other. If she was going to leave you, she would've done it by now." "But what about Athena? She hates me. She'll never let us get married," I argued. "I think Aphrodite can change her mind." "Ok, ok, whatever." This conversation was getting annoying, and quickly going somewhere I'd rather have locked in my head. "Anything else? Because I really want some breakfast." On cue, my stomach growled. He turned from the fountain to face me. "Oh, in some Gods news, Aphrodite hinted at the fact that she actually does love Hephaestus. Although she'll never admit it to anyone..." "Cool, I'll be sure to tell Leo and Piper. Can I go now ?" "Yes, yes, you can go." He turned back around to the waterfall, but Tyson followed me out to the pavilion. I was late, but only by a few minutes. And I had an excuse; my immortal Dad came for a visit. The only one that could argue that reasoning is Mr. D, but he's not even in Olympus, and Poseidon is in the Big Three, so my dad could overpower him any day. I noticed as I got closer to my table that Annabeth kept glancing over at my table. I could tell she was worried, although nobody else seemed bothered. I thought about surprising her, but I don't want to be Judo-flipped today. I contemplated for a minute or two about surprising her, even if I would end up judo-flipped on the ground. Or maybe she would hold her dagger to my neck. Either way, I won't die, and it'll be something to laugh at later on, so I took my chances. I put my finger to my lips to try and keep everyone quiet. Sneaking past the Hermes table was hard, because Connor and Travis wanted to talk pranks, and everyone else just got really quiet, but as soon as I left they got rowdy again. When the Aphrodite cabin realized what I was doing they started squealing. I finally got to the Athena table; I told Malcolm what I was doing. He said he'd try to keep everyone calm to help me. He did his job well because everyone was calm and normal when they saw me. As soon as I got behind Annabeth, I made sure she was looking forward before I stood up. Just as she was about to look around, I put my hands over her eyes. I leaned down so I was only an inch from her ear, then whispered, "guess who?" "Seaweed brain?" She turned in her seat to face me. "I was worried! You're always here before breakfast on weekdays and nobody knew where you were!" "Did you think to check my cabin?" I asked. It was the most obvious place, besides the lake, to hide. "I did! There was no one in there!" "Oh. Well if you were planning on judo-flipping me, you better do it now. I'm starving," I said. "I just get worried. You can go eat." "Woah, not even a knee to the throat while after I'm not even flipped? Wise girl's gone soft," I joked. I waited for her to answer, but she just ate her breakfast. "Not even a comeback? HEY CONNOR! TRAVIS! ANNABETH'S GONE SOFT!" "HOW?" Travis yelled back. "SHE DIDN'T FLIP ME OR ANYTHING HARMFUL AND JUST LEFT IT WHEN I SAID SHE WAS SOFT!" "THAT'S BAD DUDE! I'D DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT!" Connor told me. "GOT IT! WE'LL TALK LATER!" I kissed Annabeth in the cheek and sauntered over to my table. She still kept looking at me. Or maybe it was my table. It was in my general direction either way. As I scraped my food into the fire for a burnt offering to my dad, I asked if he could get Aphrodite to help change Athena's mind. And to talk me up to Athena. I was nowhere near old fashioned, with getting blessing from parents and that kind of things, but I don't want to propose just to be attacked by owls every day until I die. I also convinced Piper to ask her mom to convince Athena for me. Her inner child of Aphrodite came out and got excited, and then agreed to help me. I was almost halfway to being ready to propose. My dad knew, I had the ring, and Athena was going to have two Gods after her, trying to talk me up and get her to like me. I just had to call my mom to tell her. I was really hoping Leo had gotten the monster proof phones finished, but that's where my luck ran out. They were getting closer, but I would have to wait a few weeks before I could call. So I took a drachma, set my fountain to make a rainbow, and called my mom via IM. "Hello? Mom?" "Percy?" "Hi mom!" I waved to her and she started tearing up. "Percy!" Paul, my stepdad, greeted me. "To what do we owe this pleasure?" "Um, I just thought I should tell you, um, I'm gonna ask Annabeth to marry me." "Oh that's so sweet! When? How? I want all the details!" "Um, are you sure you're not a child of Aphrodite?" I asked. She always got excited when I told her about my dates with Annabeth. She was as bad as the children of Aphrodite themselves! "Or at least a legacy?" "I don't think so, but seeing as everyone is related if you go back far enough, it could be possible," she replied. "But still, the details." "I have no idea. But going through hell and back makes you realize things, and I won't live forever. Well, if I had accepted that gift a few years ago, I would, but I'm not a God. I'm mortal. And with all of the monsters I attract, I won't live as long sad others. So I thought, no time like the present." I awkwardly scratched my neck, not liking how deep into my thoughts I was going and sharing. Sure, it was only my mom and Paul, but they're still my thoughts. "That's so sweet. Well, good luck. I need start planning!" My mom ran off and left me and Paul. "Make sure she gets some food. And some rest. And don't let her get her hopes up. I still have to ask," I told my step-dad. "No problem Percy. Good luck." "Thanks. Well, bye, I guess." "Goodbye Percy." I swiped my hand through the screen and sighed. Halfway there. All that was left was news from Olympus, and actually asking, which is the most important thing, of course. I wasted my days playing basketball, swimming in the lake, teaching sword fighting, and pulling pranks with Connor and Travis. It helped keep me distracted, and it was pretty hilarious. We pranked almost everyone at camp, except Leo, Annabeth, Jason, and Piper. Hazel and Frank got pranked, and they're all the way at Camp Jupiter. It was the best few days of my life. Then the news came. It was terrible, but it's not what I was hoping for. Yeah, it's cool that Piper's mom loves Leo's dad, and that Aphrodite tried to convince Athena to like, or at least respect mine and Annabeth's relationship, but it didn't work. She still hates me. She probably will until I'm in the Fields of Asphodel. Not even Elysium. She may not like me into I'm in the depths of Tartarus. Which would make no sense, but it's logical for Athena. "Are you still gonna ask?" Piper asked me when I told everyone. Besides Annabeth, of course. "No time like the present. But I just wanted Athena to tolerate us. Respect us. But she can't even do that! All I want is to not be followed around by owls for the rest of my life!" "Dude, who cares if Athena doesn't like you? Annabeth has stuck with you for the whole time because she loves you, and she doesn't care if her mom likes her dating you or not. Just go for it dude." Leo's pep talk worked, so I went for it. I went to propose. I had it all planned it. When Apollo's cabin starts the sing-along, I would wait until everyone was caught up in singing, including Annabeth. I would then tap her shoulder, and open up the box with the most expensive thing I've ever had in my possession, and hope she got what I meant. If not, I would ask her. Now, I have to ask. It comes down to this moment. Everyone was singing. The bonfire was blazing up to the sky. We were at the top, away from most people, so it was semi-private. I took a deep