AN: I do NOT own Twilight or any of its characters; no copyright intended. Twilight and its characters belongs to Stephenie Meyer, my characters belong to me. I wanted to explore my writing types and categories, hopefully you all enjoy! I know this whole "Three King's mate" thing has been done many times before, but I wanted to give it a shot! I like the idea of a main character who is smart and not a teenager... I got some of my inspiration off of some characters from the TV series Bones (which I do not own either)...for some reason the idea of a stupidly smart character makes me laugh. Enjoy~ I picked up the femur from the metal examination table. Ever so gently, I let my fingers ran over the bone, tilting it ever so slightly in the light and made a sound of revelation. I quickly pulled the femur under the magnification camera and nodded my head in confirmation. My gloved finger probed and traced over the small but sharp laceration in the anterior aspect of the bone. My eyes narrow and I push my glasses further up the bridge of my nose to get a closer look of my findings. It was a blade that looked to have struck the bone at one point in time. "What have you found, Dr. Abernathy? Judging by the amount of those infernal sounds that have been coming from you in the past few minutes, I take it you found something?" Amethyst colored eyes quickly glanced up to the elderly man across from her and she smiled sheepishly. "Pardon me, Dr. Harford. I found something that may interest you. I believe I found the cause of death." I watched behind my glasses as the elderly man walked across the morgue. I could tell by the glint in his ice blue eyes that my words sparked interest. "What would that be?" I tilted the femur back under the magnification light and traced the gouge along the aspect of the long bone. The bones were a bright shade of egg white… these bones were recent no doubt. "The upper aspect of the femur has a deep laceration from what I can assume a switch blade, Morri from lab analysis did say that she found some particulates of a metal alloy in the incision of the bone earlier. Whoever killed Mr. Swardson was very aggressive and twisted the blade in an upward fashion causing parts of the blade to get stuck in the bone as they tried to take it out. These small hairline fractures along the femur and the patella are congruent to the attacker being in the five foot nine to six foot region as Swardson was quite large for his size...the attacker would be smaller but quicker and more agile to lay such an extensive wound on him, he would have to be very strong if they struck bone like this, I suggest the attacker is male and in his late twenties to early thirties." I made a motion with my hands as if stabbing from under and into the femur in my hand. "The fracture is in the perfect place where the femoral artery would lay… he exsanguinated (bled out) in mere minutes no doubt from the severing of the artery, but he tried to defend himself to the very last breath as he kicked and tried to use his knee to jab the attacker away from his person." I take a small breath and study the coroner across from me as I hand him the bone. The elderly doctor made another sound and nodded as he looked over the remains. His light blue eyes glanced back up to me and I smiled as he took off his gloves. "Mediocre at best, my dear girl. You used to find COD (cause of death) quicker than most, are you perhaps tired today and it is affecting your work? Nonetheless, I will inform S.P.D. (Seattle Police Department) of the suspect's profile." I feel my smile fall a little at his insult but say nothing as I take off my lab coat and disposed of my latex gloves. The good doctor took off his own and folded up his jacket. "Sir! Dr. Harford? May I ask you a question?" Dr. Harford stopped his movements and boredly glanced at me. "Sir, I can help with this case. Please, let me continue with the remains and I may be able to find some more substantial pro-" I was interrupted as he shook his head. "Now, Dr. Abernathy. You know I can't do that. Your job is to find the death and any possible signs of foul play that I have not found in the flesh. I cannot condone any other interference, the S.P.D. would have my head. Our jobs are done, now we leave it to the police. Besides, you and I will be busy for the next couple of months, remember?" I bite my lip and felt disappointment run through me. They never let me help in the crime scenes besides the identification and cause and time of death. I sigh. "I understand, Doctor." I nod and pull off a tight smile. It can be frustrating sometimes being in forensics, especially working under managing higher ups. Harford ruled the lab that I worked in. I felt a large hand gently pat my shoulder. I glance back and see Harford smile a little tersely at me, "You are a good doctor, Avalon. I understand it can be frustrating but we have our jobs as they have theirs. You need to understand this, my dear?" I nod. I watch as he grabs his walking cane then pulls on his hat and warm tweed jacket; ready to leave. I smiled wider, he always looked dapper for his age and tried to impress with old school style. "Dr. Abernathy. Here, take these to that strange friend of yours and give him the report so that this case can be done with already." I grabbed the case folder with the Seattle Police Department symbol on it and shake my head at the elderly man. I grinned and nodded my head. "Thank you, Dr. Harford. I will make sure of it and for the thirtieth time, his name is Leon." I laughed as Harford shook his head and grumbled. "That boy is a nuisance that is what he is." Dr. William Harford was a very interesting Englishman, though his ethics and terminology made him unique in ways that I have never seen before, he was very intelligent man that I worked with since the day I got out of my doctorial year of college a few years ago. He was a large man, not in height, but he was a larger round man in his late sixties with a bald head, light blue eyes, and a smirk and eloquent accent that seemed to really charm the elderly secretary at the S.P.D. which always made me laugh. He can have some sexist-misogynist tendencies but I like to think it is because he grew up in a time where women were not in his field. Unfortunately for me, he knows that he can get away with treating me like second best because I am his underling of nearly fifty years of experience ahead of me and I'm his assistant coroner. It still upsets me, but I have to endure. I take my glasses off and snap the light switch off for the day. We both left the coroner's office. I waved goodbye to the good doctor and walked to my car; my sweet black Charger Dodge Mustang. I sigh and lean back in my seat. Enjoying the warm air that began to flow through the car's heater from the cold Seattle weather. It was once again heavily overcast with a chilling wind. The deep silver and streaking dark greys across the sky were depressing to most but I enjoyed the cold in some ways having been born and raised in Illinois where the winters were a lot colder and harsher. The rain on the other hand… that was definitely something to get used to. The drive across Seattle was calming and quiet. I hummed to myself and parked quickly in the visitors parking section. I quickly put the folder in my jacket and ran inside. Lord knows that Leon would have a cow if I got the documents wet. I sighed happily and walked up to the front desk at the lovely woman in front of me. "Good afternoon, dear. I take it you are here to see Leon?" "Good afternoon to you too, Denise. And yes. I have the results of the Swardson case." I smile as she hands me the visitor's badge. "Have fun dear. Maybe talk some sense into that boy while you're at it." I can't help but laugh and made my way through the maze like building of desks, offices, and halls. I stop and grin widely as I spot the head of blue black hair and the relaxed figure of Leon. I quietly walk up behind him and let the file fall from my hands and onto the desk. SLAM! "HOLY SHI-!" I bite the bottom of my lip as I watch the man scramble back and promptly fall out of his chair as it tilted back onto the floor. "Slacking again? How have you not been fired?" I raise my brow at him and watch him scramble to get back into his chair. His dark brown eyes glared up at me and I kept my smile at large. "You are real proud of yourself, aren't you? And for your information, I happen to be one of the best detectives here!" I sit on his desk and gently pat the case file. "Mhmm, I'm sure." He gives me a hurt expression and I smile ever so slyly. "I came to give you the results of the Swardson case. COD is exsanguination." I lean back onto his cubicle wall. "Let's see what'cha got for me today!" Leon opens the file and scrunches his brows together. He tiled his head and rubbed his stubble covered jaw. "Yeesh. Whoever did this, really didn't like the guy." I shrug and sigh. "Possibly, it can be accidental or a case of self-defense. Maybe the victim was the attacker first. There are signs of fractures on the phalanges and metacarpals, he had been exchanging so much force with someone that he impacted the flesh so deep it altered the surface of the bones… there are signs of brief remodeling so he didn't die immediately after his encounter." Leon sighed and leaned back, giving me a look of exasperation. "English, Bones ." I laugh. That is the last time I told him my favorite character and crush from Star Trek. "He had previously been in a fight and his knuckles were trying to heal the damaged fractures that he had inflicted before death." A look of revelation came over the man's face. "I think I know who did it." I raise my brow. "Hm?" Leon stood and pointed to the white board of pictures of the crime scene, victim, possible murderers, and time and dates. I watched him grab a picture of a man with deep blonde hair and dark eyes. "Him. Orland Devens. He was at the crime scene looking like the living shit was beat out of him, claiming it was a bar fight… he was the only one that had a blade confiscated from him on sight. I will send a car down to his place to arrest him." I nod and glance to his desk, grabbing the framed picture of three people. Me, Leon, and his blue eyed beauty of a husband, Mathias. "So, how's Mathias, Leon?" I ask with a gentle smile as Leon blushed furiously and coughs. "He's good. He is returning from New York in a week." I smile a little sadly at the picture. I