A/N: This was originally written for Prompts in Panem Round 3, Day 1. Visual prompt: Haymitch's liquor. Enjoy! It wasn't that Katniss Everdeen couldn't hold down a job. It's just that she hated feeling like her job was holding her down. So when her asshole manager told her not to come back until she learned how to play well with others, she was far from upset—she was relieved. That is, until she got home and found her student loan letters sitting out on the counter where she had left them that morning. One look at all those zeroes and all those due dates and all those percentage signs and the world tilted around her in dramatic fashion. She breathed a heavy sigh and pursed her lips. "Fuck. Me." "You're late, Everdeen." Beetee didn't bother to look up from his microscope as she rushed into the lab, so Katniss wasn't too concerned that he was actually upset with her. "I know, I'm sorry," she said breathlessly as she grabbed her white lab coat from its hanger on the wall and slipped it on, tugging her braid free of the coat's collar. Her mentor watched her retrieve her text books and research guides from her desk. "I don't know how you do it. Spend your days here and in class and then your nights bartending. When do you sleep?" She shrugged. "Well, now I only work for you." Beetee sighed. "What did you do this time? Pour a drink in someone's lap? Punch a sorority girl?" "No. I might have…" Katniss picked at a hangnail on her left thumb. "Sprayed a customer with the soda gun." Beetee pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head, chuckling quietly. "Oh, Katniss." "He pinched my ass! What was I supposed to do?" She settled onto her stool at the lab table and opened her books, spreading all three of them out around her in a lopsided arc. "So now you'll have time to sleep?" "Unfortunately not." She sighed. "My first student loan statement came yesterday. And while interning for you is wonderful, it doesn't exactly pay the bills." Beetee placed a weathered hand onto Katniss's. "You know that as soon as a TA spot opens up, it's yours." She nodded. "I appreciate that. But my unsubsidized loans have to be paid now. Now stop worrying about me and go back to genetically decoding your fruit flies." The professor pushed his heavy glasses back up his nose and resumed his stance at the microscope. Katniss flipped idly through her books, trying to focus on the information in front of her while determining how she was going to make ends meet. It was a fluke that she even saw the flyer really. She never ate lunch in the student union, never even spent much time on that side of campus. But her 12:30 Principles of Plant Structure class had been cancelled and she found herself with some unexpected free time. She thought she'd grab a coffee and get ahead on her reading for tomorrow afternoon's Dendrology class. She was standing in line at the coffee shop when a neon green flyer caught her eye. It was an ad for an experienced bartender who was available to work Friday and Saturday nights from eight to four. She'd never heard of the club before but that didn't surprise her. Unless she'd worked there or it neighbored one of the bars she had worked at, she was oblivious to its existence. Katniss pulled the flyer from the thumbtack that held it to the bulletin board, folded it, and slid it into her back pocket before abandoning the coffee line. She suddenly knew exactly how to fill her free time. The Captain Cream Club was located on the outskirts of town and honestly wasn't much to look at from the outside. It was a small, dingy looking edifice with a tile roof that reflected the bright afternoon sun. Katniss parked her car in the spot closest to the door and stared warily up at the building. This could be a very bad idea. But she was desperate when she thought of all those zeroes on the end of her student loan statement. Even what she could make bartending for two nights a week would be better than nothing. She steeled herself, stepped out of her beat up Chevy, and walked into the club. She'd always thought seeing fully lit bars was an odd experience. The paint almost always peeled away from the walls and the tile floors were usually covered in stains of questionable origin. This club was no different. There was a large u-shaped bar in the back and the rest of the room was filled with small circular tables surrounded by black chairs. Normal enough for a bar. What confused her the most were the various shades of glitter that seemed to cover every surface in the club. "Hello?" Her voice echoed through the empty club. "I'm here about the bartending position?" "Hold your horses, sweetheart, I'm coming." A wizened man stumbled into the room and surveyed her. "Well, ain't you a cutie?" She narrowed her eyes at him and recoiled when she smelled the cloud of whiskey that surrounded him. "My name is Katniss Everdeen. I'd like to apply for the open bartending position." The man crossed his arms over his chest and continued to stare at her. "Okay. My application's short and sweet: make me the best drink you know." Her jaw dropped slightly. "What?" "You want the job or not? Hop behind the bar and show me you know your stuff." Katniss shrugged out of her jacket and slung it across the back of a barstool. She stepped behind the circular bar and rubbed her hands together while she surveyed the ingredients at her disposal. The man took a seat on one of the barstools and clasped his hands in front of her. "Okay." She brushed the loose tendrils of hair that had fallen out of her braid behind her ear. "What's your poison?" The man sat up a little straighter. "Whiskey." She nodded and began gathering ingredients. "You got a preference?" He cocked his head. "Crown." "Yeah, I had you pegged for a Crown kind of guy." She measured a two-ounce shot of whiskey, a teaspoon of simple syrup, a squeeze of half a lime, and a dash of tabasco sauce in a shaker glass. She stirred the concoction together and poured it into a highball glass over ice. She set it in front of the man and waited for his response. He studied it for a moment before raising it to his lips and taking a deep drink. "You'll probably think it's missing something." He smacked his lips. "And why's that?" "I usually rim the glasses with steak seasoning." The man choked on his second sip. "Well, hot damn, sweetheart. You know your way around some Crown. I'm impressed. Haymitch Abernathy." He held out his hand and she shook it firmly. "Where'd you bartend before and why haven't I ever heard of you?" "Most recently I was at Louie's, but that didn't turn out so well." She blushed furiously. "How so?" He tilted the glass up and drained the rest of his drink. "Look, I'm gonna level with you. I got fired because I wouldn't let some asshole grab my ass whenever he felt like it. So if you've got a problem with me standing up for myself, I don't think this is going to work out." The man threw back his head and laughed uproariously. "Sweetheart, you've never even heard of my bar before have you?" She shook her head and blushed ashamedly. "I don't get out much unless I'm going to work or school." He continued to laugh for a solid minute. His eyes were bloodshot and his cheeks streaked with tears when he finally looked back up at her. "All right." He sat back in the barstool and smiled. "I'll give you a shot. Any girl who can mix her whiskey like this is welcome in my bar. I'll pay you ten an hour plus the tips you make, plus I'll have the guys tip you five percent each at the end of the night. Sound all right?" She nodded, too dumbstruck to speak. Ten an hour was way more than she'd expected to make. Plus her tips? Plus a tip out? What kind of club was this guy running to afford to pay his employees so well? "Stay here." He slapped his palm on top of the bar as he stood. "I want you to meet the guys." Haymitch disappeared into the back of the club and Katniss leaned on the bar waiting for his return. When he finally reemerged through the door, two very young, very attractive men followed him. "Katniss, this is Finnick and Gale. Guys, this is Miss Everdeen, she's our new bartender." She nodded a greeting to both of them. "So, what you guys are the bouncers or something?" The shorter one, Finnick, she thought, laughed. "Not exactly." "Yeah," Gale replied. "We're the main attractions." She looked at Haymitch, the question she couldn't ask written in her expression. "Oh." He stifled a laugh. "Right. You wouldn't know, seeing as how you don't get out much." He held his arms out as if displaying the club, in all its glitter-covered glory to her. "Captain Cream is the home of Xquisite, the city's premiere all-male review." Finnick winked at her. "That's just a really nice way of saying that we're strippers." Her heart leapt into her throat and it felt like her face had actually caught on fire. She looked at the two men standing behind Haymitch and she blushed even harder. But the potential to make enough money to get way ahead on her student loans was enough to make her swallow her pride and the heat of her embarrassment. She forced a tight smile and promised Haymitch she'd be back at eight o'clock that evening to prepare for the night's show. As soon as she climbed back into the safety of her car, she rested her head on the steering wheel and sighed. "Fuck. Me." A strip club. She couldn't believe she worked at a goddamn fucking strip club. Katniss sighed heavily as she parked her car in the designated employee parking lot. She was already ten minutes late because she couldn't decide what to wear. Because, really, what does one wear to bartend in a male strip club? She had eventually settled on a fitted black scoop neck top and her favorite pair of jeans. They made her ass look wonderful, which really helped when it came to making tips in a normal bar. Although, she was pretty sure she would be the very last thing that interested this club's clientele, which meant that her tips would be low if they even existed. She took a few deep breaths and squeezed her eyes tight in a desperate attempt to calm her nerves. She had just gotten her heartbeat settled back into a normal rhythm when someone tapped lightly on her window. "Shit!" Katniss jumped and her heart raced once again. When she had gathered herself enough to look up, her gaze met the bluest eyes she'd ever seen. She smoothed the hair on the crown of her head and opened her door. The stranger stepped back and held his hands out apologetically. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just wanted to make sure you were all right. You just looked kind of freaked." She laughed nervously. "Oh, yeah, I'm fine. Just late for my first night of work, which is just awesome." She fiddled with her keys just to have something to do with her hands. "I'm the new bartender." "Oh!" He shook her hand. "Well, I'm Peeta. I'm a performer." "So that's what they're calling it these days?" She couldn't suppress a chuckle as he led her toward