Author's Note: Happy birthday to one of my dearest friends, Miss Keela. I hope this lives up to your expectations, dearheart. And a HUGE thank you to chelzie for fixing my mistakes :) Please note that this piece is based on the 2005 film "The Wedding Date." That being said, some of the dialogue is taken from the film, purely for comedic effect. I don't claim to own either TWD or THG. I bite the corner of my lip. It would be so easy just to give in to the temptation, the desire… But where would that get me, other than lying on the couch feeling miserable in the morning? Damn. It would be nice to just let go and feel something for once. It's not like I really ever have fun anymore. "You're such a tease," I murmur, still not entirely sure what I'm going to end up doing. "You lead me on and I give in every single time and then I wind up hating myself…" But my stomach tenses in anticipation and I know there was never another choice. "Okay, fine, but this is the last time." I sigh deeply as I remove the last chocolate cupcake from the bakery box and sink my teeth into the decadent frosting. God , that's good. Maybe even better than the first three. I finish it off in record time and lick my fingers clean before taking a long drink of the red wine in my glass. I may have eaten four double chocolate cupcakes in less than an hour, but at least I still have half a bottle of wine left. I can exercise self-control sometimes. Feeling guilty, I peek down at my stomach, barely visible through the frothy bubbles that swirl in the tub. "An extra mile tomorrow, Everdeen," I promise myself and drain the remainder of the poured wine. Okay, so maybe it's a little ridiculous that I'm sitting in my bathtub eating cupcakes and reading Cosmo on a Friday night. But I've had a long, stressful week at the paper and I deserve an evening of self-indulgence. With my foot, I jostle the hot water tap and relish the new warmth of the water by sinking even deeper. The rush of the running water fills my ears so completely that I barely register my phone pinging from its place on the ledge of the tub. "Balls…" I groan and grasp for the towel so I can dry my hands off before answering. Normally, I wouldn't even bother, but I am the IT person on call this weekend and after all the problems with the server over the last week, I was probably very stupid to think I could have a night to myself. It isn't the office, though—it's worse. It's my half-sister. "Delly," I greet her, trying to keep the annoyance out of my voice. She only ever calls me to remind me that the family is still in Seattle and it's only the other side of the country, not another continent for Christ's sake. It's not that I've forgotten… It's just that sometimes I really, really wish I could. "Katniss!" she squeals so loudly that I jerk the phone away from my ear. "Katniss! Gale proposed!" "Oh…" I'm vaguely aware that this isn't the appropriate response, but it's all I can come up with at this point. My sister is engaged… My younger, blonder, much perkier sister is engaged… And I'm sitting alone in my bathtub on a Friday night. "Did you hear me?" Like there was anyone on the Lower East Side who didn't. "Gale proposed! I'm getting married and I wanted you to be the first to know!" She's off into near-hysteria once again. "That's great," I fluster. "Oh my God!" I finally manage to form a coherent thought. My enthusiasm, however, is clearly forced. "Oh, Kat…" she says, finally calming herself enough to speak clearly. "I'll tell you all about it later, but first I have to know—will you be my maid of honor?" "Delly…" I sigh. "I just don't know…" I haven't seen her in almost two years. Surely one of her friends from back home would be a better choice? But she's asking me , and outright declining her just feels rude. "Oh, please say yes! I can't imagine myself up there with anyone but you at my side. Please? Please ?" She's quickly entering whining territory. I need to shut this down before she really gets going. I take a deep breath. How can I deny my sister this? Or anything for that matter? "Of course I will be." Delly squeals again but then stops just as suddenly as she started, her voice growing very, very solemn. "Oh, but… Thom…" My pulse quickens as nerves clutch at my stomach. "What about Thom?" "Well…" I can imagine Delly twisting a tendril of hair around her finger as she thinks. "He is Gale's best friend, after all…" "So?" I ask, getting rather annoyed at her usual habit of beating around the bush. I'd rather she be screaming and direct than subdued and coy. "So…" She drags the word out, another Delly trademark. "He'll probably want Thom to be the best man." I squeeze my eyes shut. Of course. I definitely should have thought of that. "Kat, if it makes you uncomfortable…" Her voice trails off and just like always, the guilt sets in immediately. There's no saying no to my younger sister. "No," I supply before she can offer up my maid of honor status to our cousin Johanna. "No, it won't be a problem." She shrieks again and tells me she has to go now because they have a hundred other people to call. I feign sadness, but I'm grateful. It's getting harder and harder to ignore the niggling headache that's taken root right between my eyes. I sigh as I disconnect the call and toss my phone onto the plush bathmat. I reach for the half-empty bottle of red wine and pull out the cork. This time, though, I don't even bother with a glass. I wake the next morning with a wicked red wine hangover and an ever bigger emotional one. I'm pretty sure this is exactly the opposite of how a normal person would feel about their sister getting engaged. I have to shake this feeling quickly. Before we'd disconnected last night, Delly promised to call me back this afternoon to discuss the details of her shower and bachelorette party, events that I, as her maid of honor, would be tasked with planning. But I decide that I'll give myself an hour before my 10:30 workout just to grovel. With a sigh, I swing my legs out of bed and trudge into the kitchen where I seek out a stale package of Saltines and a can of ginger ale. Then, sipping slowly so as not to further upset my stomach, I plop down on the white rug in front of my bed and dig for the shoebox I know is just behind the dust ruffle. My fingers make purchase and I pull out the well-worn box. I decided last night, in the senseless clarity that always seems to come with alcohol, that Delly isn't the person I'm upset with; it's Thom Fulton. And in a way, even that seems a little unfair. I mean, sure, he threw away our almost four-year relationship for practically no reason at all—at least, not one that I'm aware of—but he's still Gale's best friend, just like I'm still Delly's sister and we both have the right to be there for our friends' wedding… Even if it should be our own. I stare at the shoebox for what seems like forever, trying to convince myself to open it, to just face the memories I've clung to for years, but before I can work up the strength my phone buzzes with a text from my best friend, Madge. She tells me she's leaving her apartment and that she'll meet me at the gym in fifteen minutes. I breathe an internal sigh of relief. As much as I seem to enjoy torturing myself, rehashing old memories is probably not the best thing to do first thing in the morning. I finish my breakfast of crackers and soda and dress in my favorite pair of yoga pants before grabbing a bottle of water and heading the three blocks to my gym. I hold myself to the extra mile I'd sworn to last night, and after four excruciating miles on the elliptical, Madge and I head back to the locker room. "Damn, Katniss, you were a on a mission today," she laughs as I mop the sweat from my face. "I over-indulged last night…" I answer her, grateful that my cheeks are already red from exertion so she can't see me blush. "Ooh." She taps my arm playfully. "That usually means I can skip my workout the next morning. You know that sex burns more calories than, like, anything else." I shake my head. Madge's and my definition of over-indulgence seem to be completely different. "No, when I say over-indulge, I mean I ate my weight in double chocolate cupcakes and drank an entire bottle of wine." She nods understandingly. "Sex still burns a shit-ton of calories…" Madge wiggles her blonde eyebrows at me and I can't help but laugh. She knows how long of a dry spell it's been for me and, like the perfect best friend, she refrains from commenting. "Do you want to grab lunch?" I ask. The hangover and crackers burned off somewhere between miles two and three and now I'd practically kill for a double cheeseburger. "Can't," she murmurs as she stuffs her towel in her gym bag and retrieves a bottle of water. "I have a prior engagement." It doesn't surprise me. Madge is a serial dater. Truly, she almost has to be admired. Somehow, she always seems to have a string of men just waiting for her to call them up and ask them to dinner. "What's his name?" I ask teasingly as we step into the bright sun. She grins wickedly. "I can't tell you." I sigh dramatically. "Come on, you know I'm not getting any. I have to live vicariously through you!" "It's not a date," she says stoically. "It's a source for an article I'm working on for the paper." Madge is one of the few journalists at the newspaper I can stand to spend time with outside of work. She says it's because she works in features, which is like news, only way more fun. Any way you describe it, she always seems to be working on the most interesting pieces for the Arts and Leisure section. I rack my brain trying to think of what they might have her working on now. There's a big music festival next month. Maybe she's meeting with one of the band members. "Musician?" She shakes her head, sending her blonde ponytail flying around her head. "You won't guess, Katniss, trust me." "Then tell me!" I implore. "Please? Don't make me lock you out of the server." Sometimes having power over the technology of the Big Apple's most influential paper is kind of nice. "You're good." She narrows her blue eyes at me. "Okay, but I still can't tell you his name. I've promised him anonymity because his line of work is rather… Delicate." "Mob boss?" "I already told you, you won't guess!" Madge takes a swig of her water, solely, I'm sure, to drag out the tension a little. "He's a male escort." I gasp. "A hooker? Like, a gigolo?" "I think they prefer 'male escort' now, Kat." She laughs. "I thought it would be an interesting human interest piece and I happened to know a guy who knew a guy and now I have this interview." We stop in front of my brick apartment building. There's no talking Madge out of a good story once she gets