The Runners By LilyAurora xoxoxox "I really don't think this is a good Idea." Angela voiced as she stuffed her clothes into her rucksack. She had already unpacked, re-rolled and doubled checked everything twice. "Don't start this again Ang, it's for the best. We agreed, we all did." Bella moved around her small bedroom gathering the things she needed. "But what if we get caught?" She sighed sitting on the edge of the bed. "We have to try. At least we can say we tried to get away, even if we do get caught. I mean who has ever tried? No one. Maybe we'll be the first to escape the run." Bella smiled confidently. "Exactly." Leah added as she walked into the room. "Who knows maybe we will be the first, but like Bella said, we have to at least try." "I know, I'm just so scared. No one's ever gone against the council before." "Well there's a first time for everything." Leah added with a wink. "Come on we have to get going, it's going to get dark soon and I don't fancy our chances then." The others nodded. "Where's Jessica? I thought she would have been here by now?" Angela asked. Leah shrugged. "You know what she's like, always late." "She'll be here, don't worry." Bella added. The girls grabbed their jackets, gathered their belongings before making their way down the stairs. It was going to be a long night. "What time does your dad finish his shift Bella?" Angela asked. "Eleven, he said he had to stay on finish some paperwork or something." "It's Seven now, that should give us enough time to get out of Forks and few good miles distance before anyone notices we're gone." Leah said, tugging on the straps of her rucksack. "Where the hell is Jessica?" Bella voiced, locking the door behind them before glancing at her phone. No missed calls or texts. "Five minutes, that's all we can give her before we have to go." Leah replied staring into the woods. "I don't like being out here like this." "Me neither." Angela added, shifting closer to the other girls. The sound of a car could be heard in the distance. The girls looked from one another, the sheer terror evident in their eyes. "Go, now." Leah shouted pushing at the others. They scrambled towards the woods, pulling at each other, moving further from the tree-line, eyes scanning the road, listening for the approaching vehicle. A dark car screeched to a stop, the drivers side door flew open. "Bella?" Jessica's voice rang out. "Bella?" She bellowed. "Jess? What the hell?" Bella asked, moving forward through the trees. "We have to go, where's Leah and Angela?" Jessica asked, opening the boot. "What's going on?" Bella said, throwing her bag in there, Leah and Angela joining her. "They know." Jessica replied. "I don't know how but they know. I heard dad talking to someone on the phone. I think it was Charlie, Bella. Something about road blocks or I don't know, something. But we have to go, they said they were coming here to check first, Charlie said you wouldn't do that, that you know it's the way things are done. We have to go, come on." Jessica jumped back into the driver's seat, looking to her friends before starting the engine. She slammed her foot on the gas and took off. "Jessica, you have to calm down." Bella soothed her friend. "They know Bella, how the hell do they know? I didn't tell anyone, did you?" "No, Jess. You know I would never, not with dad being so close to Billy." "Leah?" Bella asked. "What? No frigging way, if you don't remember this was my idea. Why the hell would I risk telling anyone about it." She replied seething. They all turned to Angela. "I didn't mean to." She mumbled softly. "Oh god, Ang." Bella cried out. "What did you do?" "I only left a note, I hid it. I didn't think mom would find it yet but she must have been snooping. I'm sorry, I didn't want her to worry." Angela whispered. "Well that's just fucking great." Leah snapped. "Months we've been planning this, months and you leave your mom a note. Jesus Angela. We said we would ring everyone when we were a safe distance. Now they know, and we're screwed." "Calm down Lea, she didn't know OK. It's not her fault her mom found the note. Look it will be fine, hopefully what Jess said is right and they don't believe it. So let's just stick to the plan, until we know otherwise." Bella said. The car was silent, everyone lost in their own thoughts. The soft murmur of the radio played in the background. "Oh fuck." Jessica shouted, feet slamming on the breaks. "Yeah, I definitely think they know." She spat, slamming the car into reverse. Bella stared out of the window to see her father, Billy Black and a few others had set up a road block. "You are kidding me?" Leah said, twisting in her seat to get a better look. "How the hell are we going to get out of here with them blocking the only road.?" She all but screeched. "Up the mountains." Jessica said. " It's rougher ground, and will take longer, but it's another route." "And you don't think they would have thought of that?" Leah snarled at her friend. "No." Bella added. "They won't realise we know about it. The roads overgrown, only hikers go that way now. When was the last time a car went that far past the Rez?" "Years." Leah smiled. "You sure you know the way Jess?" "Positive, we did a dummy run a few times, just in case." She added nodding to Bella. "Why didn't you say?" Leah asked. "The less of us who knew the better." Bella replied. "I'm really so, very sorry." Angela added. "I didn't think." "It's OK, don't stress about it." Leah said. "Thank god those two thought of another plan." She bumped Angela's shoulder gently. Angela smiled. "We're not out of the woods yet." Jessica grunted, turning the wheel sharply. "Best hold on it's going to get a little bumping." The road was more of a track than an actually road. Tree branches scraped against the paintwork of the car, stones thudded against the under carriage. "I'm not sure this was such a good idea." Angela said as she bounced around the back seat next to Leah. "Thankfully no one suffers with motions sickness." Leah laughed. "Not funny." Jess shouted. "My dad will kill me if someone pukes in here." "Jess, I think he's going to kill you for taking the car anyway." Bella replied holding onto the arm rest. "How far Jess, I'm not sure this car will make it if the road gets any rougher." "Well it's going to have to. It's about another 5 miles to the top, but if the tracks to overgrown we're going to have to hike the rest of the way." "You are joking me?" Leah snapped. "Hike at night in the woods. Yeah, well we may as well give up and hand ourselves over." "Shut up Leah, what happened to you being all confident about this." "I was until, Angela dropped us in it and now we have to hike in the fucking woods, at night. You know they'll find us Bella. The woods are their second home. They know it better than anyone." "I know, but hopefully they won't realise we've come this way and that we're still in Forks." "Well let's hope so as I don't think I'll be able to drive much further." Jess voiced, just as a loud bang hit the side of the car. "There's too much rubble, the wheels are sliding and the steering's loose. I can't get a solid grip. We're going to have to hike." Jess pulled the car over, trying to hide as much as possible in the undergrowth. Collecting their bags from the boot the girls tried to hide the rest of the car with broken branches. Anything to make the search harder. If they were going to be found at least they could make it harder for them. The uphill walk was hard, the ground was unsteady and unused. All they knew was to head straight and up. They were miles from Forks and just as far from the Rez. The light grew dimmer as night crept on. They dare not think of what was going on back home. Their fathers would be furious. Knowing their daughters had run from their duties. Run from hundreds of years of tradition. But if they were honest it wasn't their father's they feared. No. It was the pack. The boys who were treated like royalty. The reason they were running away from what they had been brought up to believe. Ever since they were little, the girls of Forks were told the tale of the runners. Special girls who were picked when they turned 16 to run through the woods on a full moon. It was a privilege, only a select few would be chosen and they should be honoured, if it was them. Embrace and welcome it, they were told, to know that the chasers, were gifted and that they were a match for one of them. They didn't know who the chasers were, but as time went on stories were told of shifters, men who could turn into giant wolves. And the runners, they were taken by a shifter to be their mate, they had no choice, no say in the matter. If a mark appeared on your door within your fifteenth year, then you had been chosen as a runner and a shifter wanted you as their mate. A loud crack froze the four girls in place. They crouched close to the ground, eyes scanning the surrounding area. "Do you think..." Angela began but was quickly silenced by Bella's stare. A few more minutes passed with only the sound of the woods. "Come on, I think it's safe." Leah confirmed, standing and pulling her bag tighter. "We have to gain more ground just in-case. They're fast on two legs, we've all seen them on the cliffs and beaches. Heaven knows what they're like on four." Angela shivered. "This sucks." She mumbled. "Well..." Jess started hooking her arm through Angela's, "...never a dull moment is there. At least we can say we tried even if we do get caught." "Not funny." Angela laughed bumping Jessica's hip. "You OK Bella? You're quiet." Leah asked her friend as she slowed down to walk besides her. "Yeah, just thinking. I mean you all remember the stories from when we were little about the runners, but how could something like this have gone on for so long and no one said anything. I mean, I get that Forks is small but still, to allow their daughters to be picked off by a... a pack of wolves is just wrong." "It's been going on for hundreds of years Bella, you know this. It was agreed with our forefathers that to protect the land from the cold ones, runners would be picked from the females from both Forks and the Rez. I agree with you it's not right, we shouldn't have our decisions taken from us. I mean fuck, when I seen that blood red mark on my door... I couldn't look at my dad. He was so happy I had been picked. So proud. Being Quileute and chosen to be a mate, he believes it to be one of the highest privileges. He didn't understand why I would disagree." "It takes away our choices." Jessica voiced. "Don't get me wrong, I've seen them boys and sure as hell none of them look 16 or 18, but I would like to be able to pick who I end up with. Not have some shifter pick me because I smell good."