**Here is another prompt from the amazing and talented Astrid, if you haven't read her work, then why the hell not? You best get your asses over to her page right now... u/2867403/astridt244 ... lol** WARNINGS! Go forth with caution! I repeat! Go forth with caution! WARNINGS! The Prompt: Paul and Quil. Scene: Quil's imprint forces Paul to face his feelings for Quil... location: Quil's house, after the imprint, with Quil upset, tears in his eyes over a child imprint. o-o-o-o-o Meet You In The Middle By LilyAurora o-o-o-o-o "For the thirst to possess your Love, Is worth my blood a hundred times..." - Rumi o-o-o-o-o His hands tremble as he pulls at the cap on the bottle, twisting and shaking it as the little pills inside rattling, teasingly so. It refuses to open, regardless of how hard he slams it against the counter, it remains sealed. "Fuck!" He shouts, biting at the plastic. Gnawing at it with his teeth, before finally giving up, throwing it aside in anger. He slides to the floor, knees tucked up against his chest as he sobs. Nails biting into the flesh of his thighs as his mind drifts back over the past hour. To the moment that changed his life. Ruined it. A child. Why had he imprinted on a fucking child? He hiccups through his sobs, wiping his tears with the back of his hand. Vision blurred. His mind stuck on that awful moment, repeating to the point of torture. The way he had barely paid attention to the small child, his imprint. Claire. Claire. A two-year old child. A fucking god damn baby. Why had the gods matched them together? Why? Is there something wrong with him? Is there some deep, dark sickness he doesn't know about? He digs his fingers into his scalp, pulling at the short hair there. An imprint is a gift. Your soul mate. Your perfect match. He lurches forward, throwing himself towards the toilet, barely making it before he empties his stomach. He can't do this. He won't. What if... what if he wants too... He retches. Body shaking violently. All those stories his grandfather told him when he first phased. Explaining about an imprint. How important they are to their wolf. How rare it is, a privilege to be chosen. How they are to be worshipped, loved. His eyes fall upon the small bottle. Contents scattered across the bathroom floor. He surges forward, fingers grabbing at the tiny pills, growling in frustration as they slip through his grasp. He takes a deep breath, calming himself. Eyes closed as he counts to ten. Before finally. Finally. He's lifting one of the pills from the floor. Then another. Until his palm is full of them. Such little things. He pushes at them with his finger tip. Hard to believe something so small will be able to change his life so completely. Tears fill his eyes at the thought of his friends, his family, his pack. They would understand. They would have too. How would they expect him to go on like this? None of them knew what would happen, what could? He would rather be free of this hell, than trapped within temptation. Sam and Jared had both imprinted on girls of age. And both fought with the need to be near them. To make sure they were safe, cared for. Loved. Physically as well as emotionally. Physically. The thought makes him gag. He clenches his fist around his escape. This is the only way. The right thing to do. The only thing to do. His whole body shakes with the reality of his decision. Of never seeing his friends. Never saying things he should have said, of not being scared to take a chance, but it's too late now. He pulls his tired body from the cold tiled floor. Not recognising the face staring back at him in the mirror, he leans over the sink, staring at the tanned skin and dark brown eyes. He doesn't know who he is any more. What is he meant to do. How to carry on. He's lost. So fucking lost and scared. It's best for everyone, safer for... for. He swallows. Can't even bring himself to think her name. Let alone say it. He reaches for a glass, filling it from the tap. His mothers toothbrush sits in its usual place. He swallows back the sob, as he allows his fingers to brush against the handle. Closing his eyes, he takes one deep breath before swallowing the palm full of pills, chasing them down with the ice-cold water. He lets the glass slip between his fingers. Crashing to the floor, shattering into tiny fragments. Shattering just like his life. Broken and irreparable. "What the fuck just happened?" Paul snarls, pacing as he glares at the retreating figures. "He imprinted." Sam explains. Shell shocked. "On a kid?" Jared looks to where Emily is carrying the small child from the beach. A fucking kid. He shakes his head, walking towards his best friend. "How is that even possible?" "I... I don't know. I thought... we were told the imprint is a gift, our perfect match. How is that possible? She's just a baby... Jesus Christ." Sam whispers, hand scrubbing across his face. The others look no better, all shocked at the recent development. All witness to the cosmic event that just changed one of their pack brothers lives. The horror that appeared on Quil's face seconds after it happened, was ingrained into their memory. This isn't something that could be fixed easily. Erased as a silly teenage mistake. This is a moment in time that would change his life forever. An imprint. Someone who he would need to be in contact with for the rest of his life. "Where do you think he's gone?" Jake asks. Fingers digging into the broad shoulder of Embry. Both hurt and confused for their friend. "Home." Paul answers before anyone else can. Sam nods in agreement. They stand around, all lost in thought. Not sure what to do. "Someone should check on him." Sam whispers. Voice breaking the heavy silence, as his eyes follow the path his own imprint left by. "We'll go." Embry says softly. Taking a small step forward only to be cut off by Paul's angered snarl. "No, I'll go. He doesn't need you two pussy footing around him." "Fuck you Paul." Jake spits. "He's our friend. Why the fuck do you care?" Paul growls, the sound rumbling deep within his chest as he steps towards Jake. Eyes flashing dangerously as he bares his teeth. "Let him go, Jake." Jared steps in, placing a calming hand on Paul. Feeling the way he vibrates with anger at Jake's question. One that is not easily answered. Jake stares at them, before nodding slightly. Paul sends one final heated glance at him, before running towards the forest. He doesn't even bother to phase, his human form pushing itself harder and faster. The undeniable need to reach Quil, screamed at him. Faster. Faster. He breaks through the tree line, body scratched from low hung branches, legs sliced from thorns. He feels nothing. Just this deep thrum to find Quil. He leaps up the few steps of the porch, fist connecting with the wooden door as he calls out Quil's name. No answer. He tries again. Both fists beating at the door. Silence. "Fuck this." He mutters to himself, fingers already wrapping around the handle, turning to see if it's unlocked. The door swings open soundless. The scent of Quil is everywhere. "Quil?" He calls out moving between rooms. No one's home. Of course, his mother is at the store and his grandfather attending a council meeting. No one would be. The sound of shattering glass, has Paul rushing up the stairs, taking them two at a time. His heart beating frantically as he bursts through the bathroom door. His eyes landing on the huddled form of Quil, before taking in the utter chaos. Broken glass surrounding him, blood running freely from the cuts on his hands, smearing across the white floor, where he had tried and failed to clean up the shattered fragments. "Quil?" He calls out softly. Not daring to move any closer. Paul watches, as the other boy tries to pick up a large shard of glass, missing it three times before giving up and flopping back against the wall, head connecting with the bricks. Paul winces at the sound it makes, but Quil doesn't even notice. "Quil?" Paul tries again, harsher this time. Quil's head rolls to the side as he tries to focus on whose voice is calling him. But he can't, everything is starting to become a little fuzzy and numb. He's dizzy as hell. And so tired. So very fucking tired. Paul watches as Quil's eyes roll around in his head, at his feeble attempt to move his limbs. Paul scans the bathroom, eyes falling on a small white bottle, he moves quickly across the room, snatching the plastic from the floor, reading the label, eyes widening in horror. "Jesus Christ, Quil. What have you done?" He falls to his knees, grasping the other boys face between his hands. He watches as his eyes roll, pupils blown. "Quil!" He shouts, shaking the other boy harshly. A barely audible grunt is all he can hear. "Fuck!" He curses, raising his hand and slapping Quil as hard as he can. The other boy blinks in confusion. "Atta boy, come on Quil, stay with me." Paul heaves him into a sitting position, wrapping his arm around his shoulders to keep him in place. He uses his free hand to dig into the pocket of his jeans, finding his phone, he quickly dials the Clearwaters. Sue picks up on the fourth ring. She isn't sure what could happen since Quil is a shifter, and their healing abilities are more advanced than a human. All she can do at the moment is speculate, and she really doesn't want to, but Paul insists. Considering his bulk, the pills are not life threatening, but Quil is still at risk. Asking what the worst case scenario could be. Sue explains, not to make him vomit or give him anything to eat or drink. He also might have seizures and diarrhoea. Worst case would be hallucinations and possible coma. "Jesus fuck..." Paul breathes out. "If he gets worse Paul ring me back immediately. I'm only guessing at the moment, we've never had to deal with... look I'm going to the centre to see if we have any charcoal there, just in case. If not I'll have to drive to Forks, but keep me updated." "I will, thanks Sue." Paul ends the call, turning to face... fuck what is he even? Not just a pack brother, not a friend. Something more. Or at least Paul wants something more. He drags his fingers through short hair, resting his forehead heavily, as he breathes Quil in. His scent is all wrong. The drugs mixing heavily with his normal delicious aroma. Paul squeezes his eyes shut, refusing to think of what could have happened if there had been more pills to hand, would he have been too late? Would he have lost Quil, before... fuck before he could finally admit to himself what he felt. How he felt about the other boy. If he squeezes Quil a little tighter, then who would blame him. They sit on the floor for what feels like hours, the cold tiles uncomfortable against his numb ass, but he refuses to move. Refuses to risk the slightest chance of making anything worse. Even when Quil's scent begins to clear, the drugs slowly leaving his system. He stubbornly stays where he his, not wanting to be far just in case. A loud groan, has his heart beat with hope. Quil shifts next to him, face rubbing against the fabric of Paul's top. As he finally opens his eyes, taking