Cheating no I grind chapter 1 (The start of madness) As I said early in my other story this will be a Percy Jackson x RPG the main reason I wanted to do this was to blow off some steam and it seems like a fun thing to wright about. Now the system is going to be mostly based off of fallout (duh like every one) but with some small twist's. I was reading Naruto The Manga The Game by Katsuargi and asked if I can use dice is this story this adds a whole lot of randomness to this story which should make it fun to read. Finally in order to read this properly you have to understand that I am persistent as hell. When Fable first came out I pretended to be sick and spent 6 hours just punching an invincible guy in the town so I could max out my physique. I usually don't care how long something takes even if it's extremely boring I will do it over and over again for a slight edge. Now that you know a bit about me I hope you can understand that Percy will do a whole lot of grinding and exploiting when he can pass a WIS check of course. P.S this story will be done in Percy's perspective. Disclaimer I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or anything associated with them nor do I own any game or series I make reference to. Now that I am done with all of that let's start this. (-) Here I stood Luke on the ground pleading for me to let him final end everything he wanted to plunge the dagger in his own heart. I don't know why but I hesitated for a split second the blade posed to attack Luke I should have just lashed the dagger at his heart and ended it now. I knew that Luke was a liar a coward but I also knew that Luke was once a great man strong, loyal and fierce he was someone I used to look up to but was that enough. Should I trust him one last time I look around at all the damage, the thrones of Olympus in ruins. I remembered all those that died by Luke actions and in a blind furry I go to stab Luke. Before I am even half way I stop and stare into his pleading eyes and try to think once more. "You're not the hero Percy and your decision will affect it all" I remember Rachel's words almost like a whisper in my mind. I look around at my friends pale and sickly Annabeth pleading for me to let Luke end this. A disbelieving Grover telling me to plunge the dagger straight though Luke. I look at the dagger in my hands hoping desperately that it would give me an answer but all i see is my own reflection a scared kid not knowing a thing about the world. In a flash of celestial bronze I move I made my decision hopefully it's the right one my arms move like a blur shoving the dagger at him. Except I am not pointing the tip of the dagger at Luke it's the handle shoving it in his hands hopefully this is the right call I once called Luke a friend and loyalty is my fatal flaw after all. ''Percy are you sure that's the best decision?'' After asking Grover slowly steps closer and closer to the exit I don't really blame him even I don't know if it's the right call. "Thanks Percy.'' I watch a Luke removes his chest plate and aims the dagger at a spot on his side just under his left arm and he stabbed himself. His eyes glow like molten lava and a wave of energy sends me flying across the room hitting the corner. Suddenly my back explodes in pain right in the small of my back. I fall to the grown almost unable to move but I have to see this to the end I crawl across the room towards the dying Luke and a crying Annabeth. I make it just in time to hear his last words. "Thinking about rebirth going to try for the Isles of the Blest" Luke manages to croak out while coughing out blood. "Wait for me down their buddy I think I might try too." I manage to croak out as well. "Percy!" Annabeth shouts out but she is too weak to move. "No it was not supposed to happen like this I don't want to take you with me Percy!" Luke all but shouts this blood flying out of his mouth at every word. "You could not have known Luke sometimes heroes don't have happy ending I guess this is mine." I manage to say this with a small smile well at least I hope it's a smile. ''Dammit no more blood why do both of us have to have a sad ending Percy why?'' his crying with blood dripping from his face. "We were real heroes Luke in the end all that matters is we saved the ones we love." I cast a quick look at Annabeth but she looks away in guilt I guess we weren't meant to be. That's fine I can already feel myself fading I did not want to put her though losing someone she loves twice in one day. ''Dammit Percy stay with me I still have to tell you something!'' I hear Annabeth shout but it's already too late blackness engulfs me. I feel better almost instantly no not better just not in pain anymore in fact I can't feel anything. I can still see my hands in the darkness which is odd. Where am I should I not be in the Underworld now where is the line or Cerberus? All around me I see nothing but darkness what happened? Just like this I spend what felt like days no months in the darkness but I really can't tell it's so hard to keep track of time in here. As I am about to give up and just float in the darkness I hear a booming voice and a flash of light. "Well look what I found a young hero lost in the void." The voice seems to echo in my head but I don't care anything is better than this darkness. "Where am I what is this place and what happened to the Underworld?" I ask the all the questions that have been bugging me for as long as my stay in the darkness has been. "Slow down hot shot one at a time well to answer your questions out of order the Underworld is the same as it's always been as for your other question's you're in the void.'' The voice responds sounding almost amused. "As to what the void is well that's a bit harder this is a place of destruction and creation all at the same time a place that's under my domain so imagine my surprise when I find you here." Again the voice simply replies in amusement. "Okay then how did I get here and who are you?'' I try my best to keep my cool in this situation it would not help much if I panic. "Glad you asked you see you ended up here because you broke destiny you were not mean to die that day as for who am I well you can call me Grim." The now named Grim responds to my question in the voice of a child. "Hey now I can do two things for you my friend I can send you to where you belong the Underworld or you can get a shot a life again." Grim appears in a flash he is a man in a full body black cloak carrying a book that all I can see in the darkness. "Why would you help me what's in it for you I mean no disrespect but I can't go into this without a reason." I mean it's not like he gets anything out of this well he does get me out of his void. "Another great question and one with a simple answer my entertainment you see you'll get a shot a life again but with some twist here and there, it gets awfully boring here by myself so I can gain some entertainment from watching you live your life." As he speaks I try to figure out if he has any ulterior motives but he is right this place would get boring rather quickly. "Alright I agree I want to live again with the slight twist that you're talking about." I made my decision hopefully the twist he is talking about wont mess with me much I can at least see my mother and Annabeth again. "That's fantastic I knew you would choice that one after all who wants to die, now tell do you want to play a game?" I don't know how I know this but I swear Grim was smiling after I made my choice. "Wait what do you mean I wanted to live again not stay here and play a game with you." I really should have just chosen to die I don't think I can trust him much after this. "Of course I shall bring you back to life but you have to answer the question first don't worry the game will take place while you're alive." Well at least he is not breaking our deal the least I could do for the guy is play a game with him when I get back, "yeah I will do it." "Perfect now all we have to do is tally your score and unlock something's don't worry all of this will be so much fun." I don't know why but I quickly regret saying yes he seems creepy now. I am about to protest and try to say no but he disappears in another flash of light in fact I can't see my hands anymore I try to look around for more things but bright white letters distract me. Game Over Tallying score give us a moment. Positives Lived till 16 + 500 Slew a fury + 100 Slew a Minotaur + (100)*2 Discovered godly parent + 300 Won a games of capture the flag + (50)*5 Slew Medusa + 500 Escaped Ares trap + 500 Won Duel with Ares + 1000 Saved mother + 200 Returned the Helm of Darkness + 1000 Returned the Master Bolt + 1000 Discovered the traitor + 50 Defeated three Laistrygonian giants + 150 Discovered Cyclops half-brother + 600 Slew a Colchis Bull + 300 Stole a quest + 50 Survived Scylla and Charybdis + 200 Survived Circe Island + 300 Defeated Polyphemus + 600 Got Black Jack + 1000 Returned with the fleece + 600 Saved Thaila from the tree +500 Got Nico to camp + 500 Stand still duel with Thaila + 25 Defeated the Nemean Lion with help +200 Tricked Nereus + 400 Held the sky + 1000 Gained Zoë's respect + 1000 Gained Atemis respect + 1000 Favour of the council +50 Accepted your burden + 150 Slew an empousai + 100 Found the labyrinth + 100 Escaped the Sphinx + 50 Kissed by Annabeth + 300 Destroyed a volcano + 1000 Meet Calypso + 500 Fell in love +50 Duty over love +200 Freed the Hundred handed one + 500 Gained the Respect of Nico +500 Defeat Nakumura +100 Defeated Antaeus +300 Found Pan + 500 Defeated King Minos + 500 Gained the respect of Daedalus + 1000 Gained Mrs. O'Leary + 1000 Made out with Rachel + 200 Gained Hestia respect + 300 Gained the curse of Achilles + 500 Convinced your father to help + 1000 Convinced Hades to help + 1000 Defeated Hyperion + 1000 Figured out the prophecy + 500 Redeemed Luke + 1000 Monster