Author's Note: This is a short one based on Pippin and Gandalf's stay in Minas Tirith before the battles actually began. Pippin did a lot of maturing in ROTK, and this addresses that. Changes By Ecri Gandalf stood uneasily at the window of the room he shared with Peregrin Took. The enemy sought always to ensnare those who might otherwise have avoided temptations, and Pippin's naivete and love of life easily made him vulnerable. When the Hobbits had declared their intentions to accompany Frodo in no uncertain terms, Gandalf had not been surprised. Elrond's easy agreement to the situation had, however, surprised the Wizard to no end. He'd asked the Lord of Imladris about it and had eventually gotten a reply from the enigmatic elf. "I see your attraction to these small beings, Mithrandir, and I understand why you have so long sought to protect them. They find joy in the simplest of things. They hold tightly to all that they love, and have never really been called upon to defend themselves." Elrond paused then, gazing out the window leading to his balcony. Gandalf knew his sensitive elven hearing could make out the laughter of the only five Hobbits in all of Rivendell, and it brought a smile to his lips. He looked Gandalf in the eye then, failing to keep the joy from such sounds from setting the blue orbs to twinkling. "Frodo has undertaken a grave responsibility, as have the others. Having the Hobbits nearby may yet remind them why they do what they do. It may help the warriors to remember who they fight to protect, for who can look upon one of these guileless creatures and not understand that the Shadow threatens even the simplest, the quietest, the most endearing ways of life that exist in Middle-earth." His eyes took on a more somber look as a frown appeared on his face. "For who could help but fight all the more fiercely to protect such a way of life as the one these Hobbits describe." Gandalf had smiled at Elrond's words, knowing the elf had somehow seen all that the Wizard most valued in the easily underestimated hobbits. Now, waiting for the opportunity to speak to Gondor's Steward, Lord Denethor, Gandalf was astonished to realize that Eru likely meant for the youngest hobbit to be precisely where he was. Pip had impressed the dour, belligerent Ruler of Gondor, and Gandalf could think of no other who could have achieved such a thing. The Hobbit was exhausted and frightened, yet had put that aside and spoken to the Steward as he might have spoken to Bilbo Baggins if they'd been sitting in Bag End. He smiled. Pip's preference to follow the lead of the other Hobbits often forced upon others the assumption that Pip was unable to lead, unable to find his own path, or indeed, unable to think things through. True, he was prone to quick decisions, and to speaking before understanding the consequences of his words, but he was young! By the reckoning of his people, he was still some years from coming of age. Few beings of any other race could have comported themselves so honorably. Yes, it was true, Merry was likely worried out of his mind for his young cousin, as Pippin was for his elder, but by the grace of Eru, they would be reunited again. When they were, Gandalf was certain the reunion would be aided by tall tales and pints of ale! Pippin was stretched out on his bed, wishing he would simply fall asleep. His thoughts seemed insistent on other courses, and it seemed the more he tried to sleep the more completely he failed. His thoughts were mostly on Merry, but Frodo and Sam's whereabouts troubled him as well. Somewhere during the recounting of Boromir's end, Pip had realized with a shock, that Frodo and Sam were in Mordor. Oh, he knew that was where they had been headed, but the idea of them actually being there and the stark realization that they faced what Boromir had described at Elrond's council meeting were two vastly different things. Could they survive out there alone? It had seemed a daunting undertaking when the Fellowship had set out, but then they had been in the company of four formidable warriors and a Wizard they'd known all their lives. Now, Frodo and Sam trudged through darkness and shadow with that horrid ring— He cut off his thoughts forcing himself to think of something much happier. He could recall times spent at the pub with Merry, Sam, and Frodo. He could recall standing upon a tabletop singing a jolly song with his cousin and the laughter that had rolled through the room when they'd finished. He recalled Bilbo's Birthday party, and how he had watched from the bandstand, playing a jolly, jaunty tune as Frodo literally pushed Sam into the waiting arms of Rosie Cotton. He almost laughed out loud then, but cut himself off as other memories, seemingly pleasant, intruded to lead him to darker thoughts. Meeting Sam and Frodo on the road had let first to mushrooms and then to Black Riders. He could recall the fear that had coursed through him as the foursome had raced away from the creatures, who, even though the hobbits had little idea what they were, had radiated a fearful evil. He recalled Sam coming over to him at the Prancing Pony's bar right after Frodo had accidentally slipped on the ring. He'd been desperate over some stranger's sudden interest in Frodo. He'd claimed the dark, forbidding man who'd been sitting in the corner had taken Frodo upstairs. He recalled how the three of them had armed themselves as best they could and raced after their dear friend and cousin. He recalled Strider saving them at Weathertop from the attacking Wraiths, and he recalled his shock at having learned that Strider was none other than the Future King of Gondor. He recalled then learning that he wasn't the only Royalty in the Fellowship. Curiosity got the better of him then, and he opened his eyes to see if Gandalf was yet awake. The Wizard stood at the window looking out and lost in thought. Pip stared at him, wondering if he dared ask a question. He knew the Wizard thought him something of a fool. He'd used the very word himself on more than one occasion. Still, a curious hobbit, though rare, could not be turned from seeking answers. "Gandalf?" He called timidly. "What is it, Pippin?" Gandalf spoke in a gentle, kind tone much to Pippin's surprise. Screwing up his courage he asked his question. "I was thinking about Aragorn and Legolas. I don't understand why they chose not to tell us about being Princes. It's like denying who they are, isn't it?" Gandalf placed his staff, which he'd still held, against the wall, and pulled up a chair next to the Hobbit's bed. He sat then his hands resting on his knees. "They don't deny who they are, or even what they are. Their secrecy stems from long years of experience. Indeed, in Imladris it may even have been unintentional on Legolas' part. Everyone there except for Hobbits and dwarves knew who he was. Truthfully, Legolas exposed Aragorn a little prematurely, though I've no doubt it was Eru's intention that we stop hiding the man from the eyes of outsiders." The Wizard continued to speak, but his tone was soft and his eyes seemed focused on things that were far from that stone room in Gondor. "Aragorn's identity was long kept secret to keep him safe from the taint of the enemy. Legolas merely feels uncomfortable with the idea of his royalty. He is unwilling to believe that he deserves any special treatment or privilege simply because he is the son of a king." The Wizard chuckled. "If he knew what loyalty he commanded from the elves who yet remain in Middle-earth, I wager our young elven prince would blush a deep red from top to toes!" Pippin laughed at the image and at the sound of the Wizard's laughter. "So they've been friends a long time?" "Far longer than you would imagine, young Took." "Will they…will they be all right?" Pippin's question was laced with worry. The Wizard sat back in his chair drawing his pipe out from somewhere within the voluminous folds of his robes. "That, even I cannot tell." "What about Merry? Can you tell about him?" The young hobbit was terribly frightened that he might lose his cousin on this journey. It had always been a possibility, but somehow only recently had the idea found its way from his head to his heart. "I have not seen any signs of the future, but he travels with Aragorn, at least for a time. He will keep your cousin safe." He smiled reassuringly at Pippin and reached out a hand to the young one's shoulder. Pippin tried to find comfort in the words, but his anxiety had not abated. "And Frodo? Sam?" Gandalf sighed. He knew less of those two than of the others. "I can tell you only that I am certain they yet live. That is all I know, and I dare not try to discover more through any magical means lest I draw the attention of the enemy upon them." He saw that his words had little effect on Pippin's worries. "Rest, Young Took. You will yet need your strength. We are still a long way from the shire." Pippin nodded glancing out the window at the darkening sky. "That even I know, Gandalf." His words were a whisper for his heart was too heavy to bear a louder tone. Gandalf sat with Pippin once more before Denethor. The Steward of Gondor sat unsmiling as he made Pippin again tell him of his son's death. It had been hard enough for the Hobbit the first time, and Gandalf had been pleased with the way he had conducted himself. To make him do it a second time seemed like torture. When Pippin had finished, Denethor's only response was, "Again!" Gandalf raised his staff in protest. "Steward of Gondor!" He bellowed in an intimidating voice, much the same voice he'd used to intimidate Bilbo the night of the elder hobbit's party. "The Hobbit has said all he is going to say! He has twice sat in your presence and regaled you with these tales! You will leave him alone!" Denethor stood, intending to scream at Gandalf for presuming to speak to him in this fashion, but instead, he clamped his mouth shut and turned away. Once his back was to them, the King's shoulder's slumped. Now, rather than a King, he was a man who had lost his son. "Boromir was everything to me." "You have another son." Gandalf chided the man. Denethor scoffed. "Faramir is less than the man I would have him be." "He is a good man, Denethor. You just refuse to see it." Gandalf whispered. "Good man? You think so? He had better be, for he will now succeed me as Steward of Gondor!" The King's face twisted in rage. "If there is a Gondor left for him once this is over!" Gandalf scowled at the man's shortsightedness. The Wizard had known Faramir and Boromir for some time, but Faramir's gentle nature had alienated his father, as had his friendship with Gandalf. Faramir had thrown himself into learning the lore of his land while Boromir had been groomed from birth to succeed his father as Steward. Both brothers were brave warriors, but where Boromir loved the trappings and methods of warfare and strategizing, Faramir was never more than a reluctant participant. Possessing deadly skill with a bow and a blade, and the fierce loyalty of those who fought beside him had not gained him any praise in Denethor's eyes. For some strange reason, Denethor doted on his firstborn son yet seemed to have little use