So there is not nearly enough in cave smut for my liking. Plus, I really wanted to see if I could make a realistic-ish reasoning behind them sleeping together early in their relationship which would change literally everything. I guess what I'm saying is enjoy you filthy animal. Harsh crackling winds coupled with the heavy downpour angrily crashing against the earth make it nearly impossible for Katniss to sleep. For the most part, the elements have remained outside of the cave, rippling sheets of rain water falling violently down the den opening, but not yet passing the barricade they had thrown together. The array of rocks holds the small flood at bay. Her eyes remain fixed at the mouth, just in case the deluge works its way inside. The steady dripping of stray raindrops that break through the canopy over their shelter keeps her invested and alert. She recognizes two things as the rain continues to crash around her and Peeta. This rain can't last forever, before the games, Katniss hated rain; it brought in its wake illness, a day or two of scarce game, and usually left her confined to her home. However, in the arena, rain means safety, she doesn't have to venture out of her shelter, someone else is the focus of the Capitol. This knowledge brings her back to the reason for her worry, Peeta's leg needs more time to heal. While the Capitol medicine has drawn out the infection and for the most part cleared up the wound, there's still tender pink skin. Too new to be considered a scar, and too fresh to effectively do its job defending him from infection or future injury. She knows she has to think of something, somehow she has to be the one to keep Peeta alive. There's this sort of overwhelming sense of protectiveness she has developed for him, the boy with the bread. Without him, she wouldn't be alive and now without her, he wouldn't be alive either. With Thresh now dead, there's no reason to keep up the storm on the Capitol's end, it'll likely clear up by morning; but she needs more time, they need more time. She's at a loss staring blankly at the waterfall outside of their little grotto, their small safe haven. Wracking her mind for ideas, anything to convince the Capitol that there is enough entertainment right here. The audience must have fallen in love with their show, and if their love kept them invested thus far, then she'd just have to give them what they want. For the rest of her watch she tosses the hesitation around in her mind, doubting herself, her plan. She keeps reminding herself that she has to protect Peeta, she has to keep him safe. Suddenly the rain seems to lessen, a wave of fear washes over her as she accepts what she has to do. He murmurs softly in his sleep, forcing her eyes away from the opening she looks at his soft expression. Taking in his peaceful features she leaves feather light touches along his strong jaw. Her eyes lock onto his lips, she knows those, is familiar and well acquainted with the gentle, if somewhat chapped skin. When she's taken in the sight of him her eyes lock with his, startlingly blue and wide awake. A smile breaks up his face, "Morning to you too." He takes her hand and kisses it, a shiver runs down her spine, to which she blames the cold. "Is it my turn to watch?" "Uh… Not… Not yet." She sputters out awkwardly, her nervousness near bursting through. However, her determination wins out. He chuckles at her awkwardness, "Is something the matter?" He sits up in the sleeping bag looking down at her as he does this. She's hyper aware of everything around them, suddenly noticing his muscular build, his hot breath reaches her despite the distance between them. "Nothing's the matter… per say." She can feel her face burn with blush, her heart pounding in her chest like the loud overbearing thunder. "What is it?" He asks softly, worry filling him up inside, his hand gently cupping her face. "I'm just… I've been… I feel like I'm crazy." She says honestly. "Crazy how?" He asks still slightly worried, but now more confused. Her hand betrays her and moves to his jacket, fingers suddenly pulling her eyes away from his face. "I'm just…" She sighs, settling on her words, "I'm crazy for you. I've never felt like this before." His smile returns in full force; a bubbling elation fills his gut as he kisses her forehead. A sweet gesture that reminds her why she's doing this. For the boy who is too sweet, too kind, and too good to deserve any of this. "I love you Katniss, I'm crazy for you too." "You don't get it." She persists, "I feel like I'm crazy because… Because-" "Just tell me, what is it?" She looks back into his eyes, beautiful kind blue eyes. Her body shivers as her heart wells up with emotions she can't quite pin point. "I want something." "You want something?" He asks. "Stop me if you… If I go too far." She throws herself at him, kissing him in a rushed fever, trying to keep contact between him and herself. Maybe she'll keep her nerve if she never lets her lips leave his. At first, shock keeps him in a startled frozen state, until he realizes what she means. Or at least, thinks he knows what she means. He gasps as he pulls her away, "Are you sure?" "I love you." She says the words hoping that acts as a yes. She's desperate for him to let her do this before she can rethink the whole thing. "But-" "Peeta, listen to me, we may not have tomorrow, who knows if we'll be alive-" "You will be." "Not without you." She doesn't know how the words come out of her mouth, but she doesn't even stop to breathe, just in case she loses her courage. "You always say you can't live without me. But I can't live without you either." "Don't say that." "What I'm saying is, we have right now. We're here together, and right now, you're all that I want." Wrapping her hand around the back of his neck she tries again. She kisses him softer this time, gentle but powerful. His hand catches her back, trying to pull her up onto his lap. "If you're sure." He says as a sigh against her lips. A nervous chuckle bursts out of her before she captures his lips with hers. Anchoring herself in the moment she tunes out the thunder and pounding rainstorm. The loudest things around her; the sound of his jacket pooling behind him as she slides it off of his shoulders, his bated breath as she kisses his neck. He slides her jacket off with ease, fingers tracing the skin he leaves behind before hands rest under her shirt. Warm big hands resting on the soft slope of her hips, thumbs tracing the bone bringing her body to life. Her hands are trembling as she swiftly takes off his shirt, fumbling the whole time with the worn fabric. When he's bare chested she realizes what she's doing and her whole body pauses just staring at the muscles and taut skin. She's seen him like this before, of course then he was sick and dying. Now he's bare before her for a different reason. What the hell is she doing? "You okay?" He asks. Feeling like a simple okay will not suffice as a proper answer in this situation, she allows a smile to glide across her lips. "You're beautiful." She finally says. "No, that's you." He tells her, pulling her hips back towards him. The motion is aggressive, but she knows deep down the motive is not. Resuming her previous task, she sucks the skin of his neck, trying to ignore the hardness she feels between her legs. Just as that thought cycles through she recognizes a vague wetness between her own legs. Instantly embarrassed she returns to kissing his lips, sucking in his bottom lip and nibbling just slightly. She feels his hands rolling up her shirt, his calloused hands rubbing skin that has never been touched quite like this before. She can hardly remember the last time she received even a hug where her waist was captured by arms. Once her shirt is off, she feels an instant insecurity, her breasts leave much to be desired, always small and under developed due to lack of food. For a moment she feels like she'll repulse him with her body, but he kisses her again with a strange type of vigor. He's never been this rough in his whole life, his hands have never been so hungry as they are now. She's more beautiful than he could have ever imagined, and he had spent a lot of time imagining her just like this. Well, maybe not just like this, but still. With a significant amount of struggle he unclips her bra, as soon as the flesh is exposed they are in his hands, kneading and melding them like a delicate dough. Katniss breaks away from his kisses for a moment to gasp at the sudden sensation. It's unlike anything she's ever experienced before, warmth and pressure suddenly overtake her whole body. Nervousness dissipates, while not totally, enough for her to push forward with the act. Her hands tugging at his pants, a sudden desperateness for him compels her to not waste time on a little foreplay. Peeta is not so secretly relieved by the release of tension as his pants finally come off. He has been waiting to touch Katniss Everdeen ever since he was thirteen years old. And here she is literally begging for more of him, her lips kissing his jaw, her hands on his bare chest. All that remains between them is a thin barrier of clothing. However, he keeps groping her breasts each a handful, a perfect mound of flesh that he doesn't think he'll ever get enough of. He wants to keep touching her, keep feeling her skin until he touches the right place and a moan escapes her pursed lips. She keeps kissing him, there is nothing more perfect, (he decides then and there) than Katniss kissing him. There'd be world peace if she could kiss everyone in the whole universe. She feels embarrassed that he has yet to undress her, she wonders if she's done something wrong or if he doesn't actually want to have sex with her. As uncomfortable as she is, her composure remains, resolving to moving things forward on her own she pushes away from him and stares for what must be a whole minute at his fully erect penis. Both fear and a lust she's never known before war within her mind. The urge to touch him becomes insane, as she leans down to kiss the tip. As far as blow jobs are concerned she knows nothing, she feels like she's going in blind. Her mouth opens and she takes his entire length into her mouth, bobbing her head up and down licking the muscle as she goes. After her fourth rhythmic pulse, she feels him throb inside of her mouth. "Damn it!" He shouts, just short of screaming. Without a second thought he pulls her head up so he can look at her, the first thing he grabs is her braid, which startles her so much that her teeth clip his dick as her head comes up. "Ah!... Ow." He croaks out. "I'm so sorry, Peeta are you okay?! Did I do something wrong?" She wants to cry out of sheer embarrassment. "Yeah I'm okay-…" He breathes out heavily. "What's wrong then?" "If you keep doing that I'm gonna cum, and I… We haven't even-" "Oh right!" She takes off her pants as quickly as she can though, the