AN: Hey guys! So I know it's a day late, but here I am with the fourth book in the Elizabeth Jackson series. WOW! For those of you who are new to my series, I would advise that you go back and... you know... read the first three, because otherwise you will have no clue what is going on. Before I go on with anything else, here's a full summary of this story. The war with the demititans is going full force and Elizabeth is right in the thick of it. Elizabeth finally has a chance to lead the mission that she's been planning for months, which could bring the demigods a big victory. But unbeknownst to Elizabeth, this victory comes with a huge cost, one which will send her whole world spiralling out of control. Yet the biggest battle of the war so far is quickly approaching, and Elizabeth needs to be on her top game. Can she manage that, though, when everything in her life seems to be falling apart? With everything going on, the stakes have never been higher for Elizabeth and the gang. Oh boy! That's exciting! Now typically, I will respond to reviews I've gotten on the previous chapter at the beginning of each chapter, but this time, I will be responding to reviews from my Elizabeth Jackson one-shot collection and the last reviews I got on the third book at the bottom of this chapter, so stick around if you want to read those review responses. Only a couple more items of business, and then we'll get into the chapter! I want to thank all of you very dearly for reading this series. I've really enjoyed seeing how much you guys are enjoying these stories, and I'm very happy that I'm getting to share these stories with all you guys. I wouldn't have made it this far without all of you, so thank you from the bottom of my heart. And lastly, you probably want to know what my upload schedule is going to be. I will be planning on uploading twice a week, as usual, with uploads on Tuesdays and Fridays, unless something comes up irl. I will, of course, update you guys on that if I can't post something as planned. ALRIGHT, I think that's it. I hope you guys are excited, because I am super excited to share this with you. DFTBA! Rating: T for language, violence, gruesome images, and some suggestive elements. Disclaimer: Not Rick Riordan. Only time I'm doing this for this book. Elizabeth Jackson and the Veil's Destruction Chapter 1: That Went Well… Right? "We're coming up on the bus now," Jake said from the passenger's seat of the camp van. I looked ahead, seeing our target: a Greyhound bus, carrying a very valuable demititan passenger. The hulking son of Hephaestus was fiddling with a tablet in his hands, making adjustments on a program. "Shit," he mumbled to himself, running a hand through his slightly curly brown hair, "I'm not ready yet." Theo, standing next to me behind the passenger and driver seats, touched Jake's arm. "Calm down," Theo said serenely. "I can't make the shot from here anyway. You've got some time." Theo was surprisingly calm, considering what we were about to do. He wasn't jittering nervously and he wasn't running his hand obsessively over his buzzed hair. In the hand that wasn't rested on Jake's arm, he was holding a strange looking arrow; rather than a point, there was a thick cylinder. It was a radio transmitter arrow Jake made specifically for this mission. "Besides," Jocelyn said from the driver's seat, "we're not in a huge rush. According to our intel, that bus won't be getting off the highway for another twenty miles. I can hang back until we're ready." "Speak for yourself about the rush thing," I grumbled. "I have to pick up Hannah Zhang from the airport." Jocelyn glanced at me, smirking, and for some reason my heart starting beating a bit faster. I'd been noticing that happening around her recently. It was pretty annoying. "Well maybe you should have thought about this mission before you told your parents you could pick her up, Lizzie." "Yeah, because I thought the mission was going to be today," I shot back. "If you couldn't tell by the bags under my eyes, I had a final exam today." "Does that explain your tangled hair?" Jocelyn asked. "I mean honestly, with your hair that short, how can you afford to leave your hair so messy?" I looked self-consciously in the rear-view mirror. My black hair, which had been shorn off by an axe blade the previous summer, was still quite short. Long enough that I could keep it in a small ponytail, but not very long at all. But the shortness made my hair frizz horribly. I frowned at my reflection. The frizziness was definitely worse than usually. I wished I had a brush with me, but I was travelling light for this mission. Just the clothes on my back, including my trusty leather jacket and matching right glove, and my sword, Marianas, strapped to my waist. "I'll have the program ready to go in less than two minutes," Jake said, snapping me back to reality. "You should run through the plan with everyone one more time." "Right," I said, nodding. I turned around, facing the rest of the van. We'd removed the seating in order to fit more people; my troops for this mission. Well, technically they were Jocelyn's troops, since only counselors could lead a mission (quests were different, it was very confusing), but in reality, I was the one in charge. I had developed our plan. So the mission was really mine, and the others who'd volunteered were looking to me for leadership. We had ten others with us, in addition to Theo, Jocelyn, Jake, and I. First there was Dan Ocker, the son of Hades. He stood next to the sliding door, his arms crossed. His skin was even paler than usual, which was saying something, since his skin was constantly deathly pale. He was tapping his foot nervously. From his belt hung his two standard weapons: a single-handed axe and a short sword. James, the son of Nike, and my cabin-mate Katherine's boyfriend, stood in the middle of the van, holding onto an overhead strap for balance. His red hair was messy from running his other hand through it. The rest of the crew was obviously pretty nervous too. Jocelyn's half-brother, Donny, was checking the safety of his hunting rifle obsessively and shaking his long black hair out of his face (which was, annoyingly, longer than my own). Trisha, one of James's siblings from Nike, was rapping her collapsible spear against the wall of the van. She'd pulled her dyed blue hair into a bun so tight it had to be uncomfortable. Jake's younger sister, Cecelia, who was taller than me despite the fact that I was sixteen and she was only thirteen, was shifting from foot to foot. And of course, all of Theo's siblings were acting extra nervous. Which made sense, because they were arguably the key to this whole operation. Tina and Leah, twin sisters who'd only just arrived at Camp Half-Blood a month ago, were both checking their bowstrings excessively. Even though they were new, they were already camp's best archers – even better than Theo, who had long held the position of Camp Half-Blood's best archer. I just hoped that their skills held up under pressure. Danielle, who typically spent more time in designer clothes than in the leather armor she was wearing now, was inspecting each individual arrow. For the third time. Wade, who was normally the last person to take things seriously, was tapping his fingers up against the wall of the van in an intricate pattern. Even Jasper, a long-time veteran of Camp Half-Blood and Theo's number two for the Apollo cabin, seemed nervous. I took a deep breath. My team was anxious. And so was I. This was a big mission, after all. If we succeeded, this could be the turning point in our ongoing war against the demititans. But if we failed… well, I didn't want to think too much about that. The fact was, everyone needed to get motivated, and as mission leader, it was my job to do so. I closed my eyes briefly to collect my thoughts. I opened my eyes. "Alright guys, listen up. It's go time. After all of our preparation, it's finally time to execute our plan. Success today means we can bring this awful war to an end much quicker. And I have the utmost confidence in this plan, and in all of us. We've practiced each step time and again. Now let's put it all together and do this thing!" Everyone cheered. I nodded to myself. Good. Motivation part done. "All that being said," I went on, "let's run through the plan one last time, just to make sure everyone is on the same page. In just a moment, we will pull up close to that bus. While we're still behind it, we're going to roll down the window and Theo will fire his radio transmitter arrow. Once the arrow has magnetized to the bus, the software in Jake's tablet will automatically hack in and allow Jake to take over control of driving the bus." "That part is important," Jake said. "Because once shit starts going down, the last thing the driver will be able to do is control the bus. So we can't move on to the next part until my tablet has fully connected." "Right," I said. "So we'll wait for Jake's go ahead for the next part of the plan. Theo, you want to run through that part again?" "Uh, sure," he said. He cleared his throat, then continued, "After Jake has control of the bus, Jocelyn will pull us alongside it. At that point, if you aren't already holding onto one of the overhead straps, you're going to need to. Dan, since you're standing closest to the door, it'll be your job to open it, alright?" "Roger that," Dan said. "So when we pull up alongside, Dan will open the door," Theo went on. "At that point, Leah, Tina, and Wade will shoot explosive arrows across and blow a hole in the side of the bus. While they're doing that, Danielle, Jasper, and I will set up the anchors for zipline arrows. Once the hole is open, Danielle, Jasper, and I will shoot our lines across through the hole." "Once the zip line is established," I went on, "we need to start getting people across immediately. The monsters and demititans inside will probably be disoriented right after the explosion. We need to take advantage of that before they can get organized." "No to mention the fact that if we come up on some traffic, you guys are S.O.L. if you aren't across," Jocelyn said from the front. "Right, that too," I said. "Now remember, we'll be outnumbered, but since we'll have the element of surprise, it'll go a long way to helping us out. We need to press our advantage. Kill the monsters quickly. Do whatever you need to to incapacitate the demititans. But above all, make sure that we capture our target intact." I pulled out my phone and brought up a picture of our target. The image showed a guy with a scarecrow figure dress in a slim suit with a wedge of brown hair and black eyes. Marcus, the son of Prometheus. He was third in command of the entire demititan organization, and one of Gaius's most trusted advisors. I passed around the phone, making sure that everyone got reminded of how he looked. Capturing Marcus. It was a plan that Jocelyn, Theo, and I had hatched last summer, and now it was coming to fruition. If we succeeded, we could turn the tide against the son of