AN: Hello, hello! At long last, I have finally reached the point where I feel comfortable publishing this story. My first multi-chapter fic on this profile. The plan is to publish at least one chapter a week, though it may change to two a week if I get sufficiently far enough ahead with my writing. I don't make any promises, but I'll do my best to stick to that upload schedule. I will definitely upload two chapters this week, though. This one, and then the second one on Friday. Anyway, before we go any further, here's that full summary I promised in the short blurb you clicked on. Full summary: Elizabeth Jackson has never been more excited. Finally, after hearing stories about Camp for years, she's getting to go. However, her summer won't go as smoothly as planned. A goddess has been kidnapped, and there will be hell to pay if she isn't safely returned by the summer solstice. Elizabeth takes it upon herself to do so, and along with her new friends, Theo and Jocelyn, goes on a quest to save the world. However, behind it all someone is pulling the strings: the kidnapping is just the first step in a much bigger plot. Exciting! Anyway, I would absolutely love any and all feedback on the story. So don't feel shy! Leave me a review! Questions, comments, suggestions, I'm open to all. And hey, if you ask a question, I may answer it in the next chapter's Author's Note (as long as it's not a spoiler). One last note before we get going. In my one-shot collection (which is not very long yet), Untold Stories, is a brief story about Elizabeth Jackson set a few months before this book starts. It doesn't really pertain to anything that happens here, but if you want to see more of a couple of the characters in this story, check it out. OKAY, that's finally it. Without further ado, Elizabeth Jackson and the Stolen Goddess Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or Heroes of Olympus Elizabeth Jackson and the Stolen Goddess Chapter 1: I Get Into a Death Match with My Gym Teacher No one ever said that being descended from the Greek gods was easy. It's dangerous, it's scary, and often it gets you killed. But that doesn't mean that it isn't freaking awesome! I guess I should back up. My name is Elizabeth Jackson. If that last name sounds familiar, it might be because of my parents: Percy and Annabeth Jackson (nee Chase), two of the most important and most powerful heroes who ever lived. They defeated Kronos, and they are among the legendary "Seven." You could say that I've got a lot to live up to, and you wouldn't be wrong there. But I'm a Jackson. I like a challenge. Little did I know that before long, I would be in over my head involved in the very type of challenge, the very type of adventure, which I sought. I suppose it all started on my last day of seventh grade… The alarm on my phone blared, jerking me out of my sleep. I looked around my room confusedly, trying to find the source of the annoying noise. Finally, I grabbed my phone and flicked off the alarm. I gazed around my room, trying to gather my bearings until I remembered what day it was. It was the last day of school. And just like that, I was wide awake. I leaped out of bed and stretched, looking out the wall of windows over the New York skyline. I turned and dashed to my door, ready to head across the hall to the bathroom when suddenly I found myself crashed in a heap on the floor. "Ow!" I yelped. I looked around for what I'd slipped on, and found one of my skateboards rolling across the room away from me. I really needed to find a better way to store those things. "I'll discipline you later," I grumbled at the offending skateboard after I'd untangled myself from… myself and stood up. I went across the hall into the bathroom, more careful not to step on anything this time, and entered the bathroom that my younger brother Matt and I shared. I winced when I saw myself in the mirror. My curly black hair was a mess, matted on one side and sticking up all over the place. It took me a solid ten minutes to undo the knots in my hair and pull it into a presentable ponytail, then I hurried back into my room to change out of my pajamas. After pulling on my clothes, strapping the skateboard I hadn't slipped on to the outside of my backpack - the other one was in time-out - and pulling on my Red Sox cap I left my room again and hurried downstairs to the first floor of our penthouse apartment. Penthouse apartment! Yeah, my family is kinda rich. My mom is the founder and CEO of one of the largest Architectural firms in the United States: Olympic Architecture. When I reached the base of the stairs, the smell of eggs and bacon beckoned me into the kitchen. My dad stood at the stove, wearing a pair of New Rome University sweatpants and an old Camp Half-Blood t-shirt. At the sight of the shirt, my excitement peaked again. I would be going to Camp for the first time tomorrow! I'd finally get the chance to really experience all the amazing things my parents had told me about! "Morning, Elizabeth," dad said, yawning. "You look excited. Ready for your last day of school?" "Am I ever!" I said. "Only one test separates me from Camp!" "What subject is it?" dad asked, turning his back on the stove, letting the bacon sizzle a bit. "Math," I said. "Piece of cake." Dad gave me a look that implied that math was not a piece of cake, and, in fact, math was the most repulsive thing to ever walk the face of the planet. "Thank gods you inherited your mother's intelligence. Math was a nightmare for me. Of course, my sixth grade math teacher was a fury…" At that moment, mom came into the kitchen. People always said I was the spitting image of my mom, same face, same eyes, same body type; the only difference was that instead of blonde, my hair was black. Mom was dressed in high heels, a knee length black skirt, a white blouse, and a black blazer. I figured she had a meeting today because mom hated wearing high heels and only wore them if she had a meeting to go to. "That's no excuse for the years after that," mom quipped. Dad shrugged. "Some people are good at math, Wise Girl, other people aren't." Mom rolled her eyes and wrapped her arms around dad's waist. "You are such a Seaweed Brain." She kissed him and I looked away pointedly (watching your parents kiss is just gross ). Then, mom's cell phone rang. It was pretty much exactly the same as mine: a wafer thin black device with the Greek letter Eta written on the back. The phones were part of a line of demigod-friendly products built by Uncle Leo. "Hey, Malcolm," mom said, answering the phone. "What's up?" Malcolm, one of my mom's half-brothers on the godly side, was the CFO of my mom's company. He'd been with mom since the founding of the company. The two were close; apparently he'd been her second-in-command at Camp Half-Blood. As mom and Malcolm chatted about building projects and deals and whatever else bigshot architecture people talk about, dad looked at me and said, "Go upstairs and make sure your brother is awake." Then he turned back to the bacon and eggs. I hoisted myself up from my seat and trudged back upstairs. My brother's room was right next to mine, thus why we had to share a bathroom, and thank gods there were two sinks in there. Although he was a year younger than me, he slept like a sixteen year old. That is, like a log and all the time. I pounded on the door and got a muffled grunt in response. "Come on, Matt, wake up," I called. "Last day of school, remember?" Another muffled grunt. He sounded like a water buffalo. "Oh for Zeus's sake," I grumbled, and shouldered his door open. My room was by no means the paragon of cleanliness, but I tried to keep things fairly organized. Compared to Matt's room, though, I practically lived in a sterile environment. Clothes were strewn all about his floor, his bookshelf was covered in miscellany, and empty soda cans could be found lying on his bedside table and on top of his dresser. Matt lay face down on his bare mattress, one sheet half covering his body, the rest of his blankets in a heap at the foot of his bed. How he slept like that I have no idea. "Yo, dude, time to wake up," I said loudly right next to his ear. "Five more minutes," he mumbled softly. I rolled my eyes and yanked the pillow out from under his head, then proceeded to hit him with it viciously (or as viciously as you can with a pillow) until he finally said, "Ow, ow, okay! I'll get up!" I stepped back as Matt swung his legs around to the edge of the bed and sat up. As much as I looked like mom, he looked like dad, except for his hair, of course, which was blond – sort of the inverse of me. "Do you mind leaving?" he said grumpily. "I have to get dressed." "How do you even know which clothes are clean?" I asked in disgust, looking around his floor. I knew for a fact that he never bothered to put clean clothes away in his dresser. "Clothes on the right side of my bed are dirty," he said shortly. "Clothes on the left are clean. I've got a system, don't go parenting me. Now, I have to get dressed, so out." "Whatever," I said with a shrug and departed from his room. I bounded back down the stairs and towards the kitchen. Mom and dad didn't notice my presence immediately, which was awkward because they were doing the only thing worse than kissing: flirting. "C'mon," dad was saying, his arms wrapped around mom's waist, "when have I ever let plans fall through?" "Where should I start?" mom asked sarcastically. "How about our one-month anniversary?" "I believe I took you to Paris," dad responded. "And you were late to our wedding," mom retorted. "That was hardly my own fault," dad said defensively. "Are you ever going to let that one go?" "Nope, it's way more fun to hold it over you," mom said just before kissing him. I cleared my throat and my parents broke apart. "Why do you guys have to do that?" I asked, sitting at the breakfast table. "Flirt, I mean. You're already married. It's kinda gross." Dad laughed. "But that's what makes it fun! It grosses you out!" He set a plate of bacon and eggs in front of me and I started inhaling the food. "Whatever, dad," I said through a mouthful of food. "So what was mom saying about plans and you letting them fall through?" "Tonight is Sierra's last night in town," mom reminded me. My heart sank. Sierra Grace, my best friend, would be going to Camp Jupiter instead of Camp Half-Blood. Meanwhile, her annoying twin brother Gus (well, Augustus, but I called him Gus because it bothered him) would be the Grace sibling going to Camp Half-Blood with me. "And Augustus is spending the night here so we can drive him to Camp tomorrow." I groaned. "We're driving Gus to Camp tomorrow? Why?" "Because Uncle Jason and Aunt Piper are flying out to California with Sierra and taking Riley" -