AN: Hello everybody! I'm back with the third installment in the Elizabeth Jackson series! I am so excited to be bringing you guys this one. Okay, let me back up. For those of you who don't know me, hi. The name's bfalt1, and I write Percy Jackson stuff. Mainly I've been focusing on this Elizabeth Jackson series. This is book 3. If you want to read this one, you should go read the previous two first. Book 1 is called Elizabeth Jackson and the Stolen Goddess and book 2 is called Elizabeth Jackson and the Missing Prophecy. So to avoid spoilers, go read those first. Also, I have a short one-shot collection based on Elizabeth Jackson characters called Elizabeth Jackson One-Shots (super original title). You don't have to read those to understand this book, but I encourage you to go check them out. If you're still here, then you've read the previous two books, so welcome back! Before we get any further, here's the full summary for this book. Things have never been more difficult for Elizabeth. War has truly broken out between the camps and Gaius's army, yet trivial squabbles seem to plague the demigods' war effort. The demititans themselves continue to be elusive, most often using monsters to carry out their dirty work. Meanwhile, Elizabeth has to deal with personal issues, too, such as an increase in the arguing between herself and her boyfriend and handling the panic attacks she's started getting since the end of last summer. In the midst of all of this, Nico di Angelo arrives and delivers Elizabeth some news. Gaius is heading into the New Labyrinth, the maze that Pasiphae created in Epirus, the House of Hades. It has spread out under the world, and Pasiphae is still alive deep within the maze. Nico believes that Gaius may be seeking the sorceress's help with a mysterious and unknown piece of magic. He wants Elizabeth to go into the Labyrinth and take out Pasiphae before Gaius can get to her. If she succeeds, it could give the demigods an important edge in the war against Gaius. But can Elizabeth succeed with her sanity and, more importantly, her life intact, especially since the Oracle's prophecy seems to predict she'll fail? Exciting stuff! Also, make sure you post any questions you have in reviews, because I will answer them in the next chapter - even if my answer is just "spoilers." I may also address other reviews at the start of each chapter. So before we keep going, I'll address a couple of reviews from book 2 that I haven't gotten the chance to respond to yet. From DarkAngelofHeavens: " I look forward to the 3rd book. Perhaps I'm even more anxious to read how Elizabeth will change. I imagine you're trying to write this story as real as possible. And since no one remains the same after going trough something as traumatizing as losing an arm, I imagine she will become a little more "dark". Tougher. Sharper. Maybe even more powerful. Am I wrong?" A: Elizabeth's character will definitely change as a result of what happened at the end of last book, but telling you exactly how would be a spoiler. Also from DarkAngelofHeavens: "By the way, have I mentioned that I love the fact that you made all of your stories take part in the same world? Smart girl. (Wait. You are a girl, right? Because I've always had the impression that you were... Talk about awkward.)" A: Thanks for the compliment. I really like having a unified canon for all my stories. As for whether or not I'm a girl... sorry, I don't really want to answer that. I enjoy operating under pretty much complete anonymity. I know telling you whether I'm a guy or a girl wouldn't REALLY tell you much of anything at all, but knowing myself, even sharing something that small would lead to me telling you guys all sorts of other things about me. From The Amazing Alto: "I have a feeling that Jake likes Theo and possibly vice-versa. In theory their ship name could be Jaeo or Theake but I personally like Jaeo better." A: I like Jaeo better, too. From an anonymous guest: "so, have you read The Fault in Our Stars? Because there are two characters, Hazel Grace and Augustus Waters, I think, and it struck me as funny. Just a question though." A: I have read TFIOS, and I absolutely love that book. The book is part of the reason I gave Augustus his name, among some other reasons. Wow. That is way too much from me. At any rate, I hope you all had a lovely holiday season, and now, finally, on with the show. DFTBA! Disclaimer for story: I am not Rick Riordan (duh) and thus do not own PJO or HOO (also duh). Disclaimer for cover: The original art was from a couple different places. The background was just a google image search of "Percy Jackson Labyrinth," and I picked one I liked. The figures were from a piece of art by Viria which I recolored and edited onto the new background. Rating: T for violence, language, and some suggestive themes. Elizabeth Jackson and the Magician's Maze Chapter 1: My Favorite Jacket Gets Singed My day was turning out like the start to a bad joke. Did you hear the one about the Laistrygonian, the Hyperborean, and the Earthborn? No? You haven't heard that one? Well trust me, it's no good. I went flying, smashing through the front door of the worn down warehouse in Brooklyn the three unlikely roommates called home and tumbled to the street. I groaned as I climbed to my feet. That was really going to hurt in the morning. I brandished my celestial bronze knife – my third one in as many years – as the ugly six armed Earthborn came stomping into the street. He was so ugly, not even his momma could possible love that face. There was also the stench. His long hair was matted and unwashed, with bits of garbage in it. That combined with the fact that he had six armpits, and I was pretty sure he could scare off an entire stadium of diehard Yankees fans in the middle of a Yankees-Sox game. "Hey big guy," I said, trying my best to breathe through my mouth. "What say we call this whole fight thing off, eh? Let bygones be bygones?" The Earthborn responded by roaring at me, then scooping six huge chunks out of the sidewalk like they were made of mud. What few mortals were out and about on this particular side street ran off screaming. As usual, I vaguely wondered what they saw through the Mist. Maybe they saw a burly guy with pies. That had happened before. The monster threw his rocks at me, one at a time. Stupid really, since that gave me time to dodge them. I rolled, ducked, and dived out of the way of the first five, but unfortunately, my last roll brought me right into the path of the sixth boulder. There was no way to dodge it. So I did the first thing that came to mind. I dropped my knife and held my gloved right fist out in front of me. The chunk of cement shattered against my hand, ripping up the glove, and spraying me and the pavement with dust and tiny chunks of cement. "Son of a bitch!" I swore loudly, temporarily blinded by the pain of smashing the chunk of sidewalk. The monster used my distraction to his advantage and lifted me up in all six hands, squeezing me like a vice. And, of course, I'd just dropped my knife a few seconds before. The Earthborn laughed stupidly. I had only a few moments before he literally squeezed the life out of me, at which point I could only assume he'd use me for jam, since that was about the consistency my corpse would be. Luckily, my right hand, whilst in unbelievable pain, was loose. I pulled off the damaged leather glove with my teeth, revealing my celestial bronze right hand. I cocked back the metal fist and punched the Earthborn hard in the face. He burst apart into mud, and I dropped to the ground, gasping for air. "Why," I panted, looking accusingly at my metal hand, "in the name – of Poseidon's – sweaty underpants – did Jake make – you able – to feel pain?" It didn't respond. I flexed my fingers to make sure they were still working, then scooped up my knife. I turned back towards the warehouse. "Now where are the other two roommates?" I wondered aloud. My question was answered as a flaming bronze cannonball rocketed out of one of the boarded up windows. I rolled away just in time, the flaming sphere missing me by inches. I felt the heat searing on my back. Had I not been wearing the jacket, my back probably would've ended up with so many blisters that I'd look like someone with skin cancer. The wall to the abandoned building burst apart as the third roommate, the Hyperborean giant, exited onto the street, the temperature dropping about twenty degrees all around him. Following close behind was the Laistrygonian. I looked at my knife. Of course I'd brought my knife. I'd wanted to be inconspicuous. Now I was cursing that decision. Gods, I wished I had my sword. The Hyperborean breathed out a stream of icy mist at me. I rolled forward under the ice, narrowly avoiding getting turned into an Elizabeth-flavored Popsicle. I came to my feet and ran forward, trying to get close enough to the thirty foot giant to stab him with my comparatively puny knife. Unfortunately, the Hyperborean's Laistrygonian roommate defended his friend by chucking another flaming cannonball at me. I was forced to abandon my attack by diving to the side. The cannonball exploded against a storefront across the street, leaving a massive crater in the building. I winced. Luckily, the mortals had already abandoned the area, but I seriously doubted their insurance covered monster attacks. The wail of sirens approached quickly. My mind whirled around. I knew I had to finish off these monsters fast. Not only would these monsters prove a threat to the mortal police, but also I really didn't feel like having to answer tricky questions like What are you doing here? Why are there huge craters in the road and buildings? Why is your right hand so shiny? And I really wasn't in the mood for any of that. The trouble was, my two monstrous opponents made surprisingly good teammates. Each time I got close enough to stab Mr. Freeze, I could expect a flaming cannonball coming right at me. If I went for the hot stuff, I could expect a sudden snowstorm in the middle of the early June day. This is getting me nowhere , I thought, surprising even myself by launching into a backflip to avoid a cannonball. From the sounds of the sirens, the emergency workers were a block away, at most. I needed to buy myself time, and there was only one way to do that. "Hey assholes!" I yelled at the monsters. "The décor in your house sucked!" The most clever thing I'd ever said? No. But the Hyperborean and the Laistrygonian had about as much brains between them as a potato. The monsters roared and charged me. I turned and ran off down the street, drawing the monsters away from the sirens. Unfortunately, that only solved one problem. True, I was keeping away from the cops for at least a little longer, but on the other hand I had still had two monsters trying to kill me. Worse, I had two monsters trying to kill me because I'd insulted their décor . What I really needed was some kind of projectile weapon. I could hit the monsters from a