AN: Hello, hello! It's been ages since I published something on this site. So long, in fact, that I lost my login info for my original account. Now, I realize I could retrieve the account info, but I just decided that I'd rather just start a new account and proceed to carry forth with a plan I had to create a continuity among multiple stories. So anyhow, here's my first story with this new account. I decided to do something of a Halloween Special, though the story isn't particularly spooky. It just so happens to be set on Halloween. I had several pieces of inspiration for writing this particular one-shot. I'll go into more detail about that at the bottom, for those of you who are interested. So without further ado, here's the story. Rated T for mild language and some gore. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or the Heroes of Olympus. I sensed the monster before I was even fully awake. My eyes snapped open and I leaped to my feet, drawing my sword by instinct and pointing it towards the aura I felt nearby. "Stay back!" I yelled, firmly pointing my sword towards the blurry shape that I knew was the monster. I heard the monster whimper, but I kept my sword pointed firmly. My vision finally cleared, and I was able to make out his form. It was a Cyclops, though a baby one it seemed. He was taller than me, but not nearly as tall as some other Cyclopes that I'd run into. His single deep brown eye had tears coming out of the corners as he looked at me. I felt bad, but I didn't lower my sword. I had learned the hard way that monsters would do anything to get you to lower your guard. "Just stay back," I repeated, less harshly, though my voice was still steely. "Sorry," the Cyclops sniffled. "Was not trying to scare." His speech was not quite fully developed. I knew his type. Cyclopes like him were illegitimate children of gods who were left on the streets to fend for themselves. Come to think of it, they were a lot like me, except I didn't eat demigod. "Not scare me, just eat me," I growled. The beast sniffled again and shook his head. "No, was not going to eat. Was just looking for a place to hide from her." "From what? From her?" I asked, curious as to what could terrorize a Cyclops, even if it was a baby. He was still probably immensely strong and completely fireproof. Whatever or whoever "her" was, I was not interested in meeting her. He shook his head, starting to sob, clearly not wanting to talk about his fear. "Just wanted to sleep," I managed to make out between his sobs. I sighed. The sun was setting in the sky. It was probably almost time for me to get up, anyway. A quick glance of my watch affirmed this fact. 7:00 pm. I preferred to be alert at night. That's when monsters were more active, typically, and I didn't want a group of monsters to find me sleeping when they were at their most active and powerful. "Well you're in luck," I said softly, though I kept my sword pointed firmly at the Cyclops. "It's time for me to get up, anyway. So I'll be leaving, Cyclops." "Tyson." "What?" I asked, perplexed. "Name is Tyson," the Cyclops said. "Not Cyclops." "Okay, fine," I said. "Whatever you say. The alley is all yours, Tyson." I backed away from him, keeping my sword pointed at the Cyclops until I made it to the mouth of the alley. Then I sheathed my sword and ran. I wanted to put as much distance between me and the Cyclops as possible. He had seemed genuine, but I really couldn't afford to take that chance. I didn't stop running until I'd made it ten blocks. I stopped, panting, and tried to get my bearings. It was just another New York residential area, apartment buildings stretching out in long rows on either side of the street. Some of the buildings had shops occupying the first floor, and the windows were decorated with orange lights, skeletons, and jack-o-lanterns. Looking around, I noticed lights and fake pumpkins in the windows of some of the apartments, too. Was it Halloween? I glanced down at my beat up digital watch again, checking the date display. Sure enough, it read 10/31. My birthday. If I was keeping track right, I was sixteen now. Woohoo! Forget that I was a homeless, starving, abandoned demigod whose mother had never once answered prayers, I was sixteen now. I should go to the DMV and get my license. I glanced in a nearby shop window and examined my reflection. I usually avoided looking at my reflection, but it was my birthday. I should at least know how I'd changed in the last year. I had developed something of a tradition the last couple of years of only looking at my reflection on my birthday. I was taller and lankier than I had been last year, with a thin, malnourished look about me. Of course, I was malnourished, so that made sense. My dark brown hair was long, dirty, and shaggy, hanging down at my shoulders and obscuring my eyes, though I could see just fine past my bangs. I guess I'd just gotten used to them. My clothes were basically rags, hanging loosely off of my frame. My jeans were ripped and torn, my shirt was faded and had burn marks from my encounter with some Laistrygonian giants, and my jacket had big holes in it, barely acting as a shield against the chilly wind. My sword's sheath hung loosely from my belt. My sword was probably the only thing I had that was still in good condition, the Celestial Bronze blade proving resilient to the wear and tear of being a hobo. My skin was a dullish grey. I was coated in dirt, ash, and a fine layer of gold dust from all of the monsters I'd killed. My eyes strayed back up to my face. My face was lean, and I had scruffy hair along my jaw line. My eyes startled me though. Formerly bright blue, they had faded to a dull, hopeless grey from my years living on the streets. I turned away quickly, not wanted to look at the boy in the reflection anymore, and I strolled off down the street. As per my habit, my hand strayed down and rested on my sword hilt, ready to draw at a moment's notice. I vaguely wondered, yet again, what mortals saw through the Mist when they looked at my sword. As time passed, I started noticing fewer people dressed in normal clothes wandering around and more kids dressed in Halloween costumes, going up to apartment buildings and going inside so that they could go door to door and collect their candy. I envied their innocence. I had lost that long ago when my dad died and I was forced out onto the streets. I shook my head, clearing the thoughts. It didn't do to dwell too much on the past. Suddenly my internal radar started going off like crazy. I had groomed myself to sense the auras put off by things and people with some connection to the Greek gods. That's how I sensed monsters before I saw them, and it was much more reliable detection system than smell, which is what monsters typically used. A powerful aura was nearby, that much was for sure, but it didn't feel like a monster. I turned around on the spot, looking for the source of the aura. I heard a door open and close right behind me. I half turned and suddenly something slammed into me. I stumbled back, trying not to fall to the ground, and used my hands to stabilize the shape that had collided with my lower half. I looked down and saw a small person looking up sheepishly with sea green eyes. Well, eye, because his right eye was covered with an eye patch. The boy's unruly, black hair stuck out from underneath his pirate hat. His pirate costume was pretty good. I also realized that this was the reason my internal radar was going so wild. This boy had a powerful Greek aura. He was a demigod , and a really powerful one, too. "Sorry," the boy said, grinning sheepishly. I was still distracted by how powerful this boy was, so he just continued talking. "I like your costume. Are you supposed to be a zombie? Why do you have a sword?" I blinked. "Where's your mom? Or dad?" The boy frowned. "My dad disappeared a long time ago. He abandoned my mom and I." The boy's face took on a brooding quality. It was remarkable how quickly the look on his young face had changed. "My mom is upstairs making stupid Smelly Gabe some chip dip." "Smelly Gabe?" I asked. "My stepdad," he explained. "I hate him. I don' know why my mom puts up with him." I frowned and inconspicuously took a sniff. I mostly went off of aura, but I had trained my sense of smell first. This boy didn't smell like demigod. If the name Smelly Gabe was any indicator… "I'm sorry, kid," I said. "Maybe your mom has a reason for putting up with him?" He shrugged. "I don't know." I heard the door open and close again, and a woman walked out. She had long, black, wavy hair and eyes that couldn't seem to decide on what color they wanted to be. "Percy?" she asked, looking at the boy worriedly and throwing a suspicious look my way. "Who's this?" "Sorry ma'am," I said, extending a hand. "I wasn't looking and I didn't see your son. We just bumped into each other." Glancing at my sword like she could see it (which would be ridiculous because she was mortal and couldn't see through the Mist) she took my hand and shook it. "Come on, Percy," she said, taking his hand. "Let's go trick-or-treating." As they walked off, Percy turned back towards me and waved. I watched as they walked off down the street. That boy was something special, that much was sure. I hoped his life would end up being better than mine had been so far. His mom cared about him, that much was clear. I just hoped he didn't lose her. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a figure flying by overhead. I looked upwards and saw a group of four Harpies sitting on the roof ledge of the building I was standing in front of. They were glaring down the street. At Percy. "Shit," I mumbled. I made a split second decision. I leaped up and grabbed onto the bottom rung of the building's fire escape. I hoisted myself up and scaled the metal scaffolding as fast as I could. I reached the edge of the roof just as the first Harpy tensed to leap off the roof. I unsheathed my sword and swung it in a deadly arc, yelling, "Ha!" The first Harpy burst into powder. The other three refocused their attention towards me and lunged. I rolled under their slashes and came up spinning my sword. They wailed as all three of them burst apart. I looked back down to the street and located Percy and his mother. I could've sworn I saw the mother glancing up, but I must have imagined it. I had an uneasy feeling. Percy had an incredibly powerful demigod aura, but no demigod smell. And most monsters couldn't sense demigod aura. I doubted that four Harpies would be among the rare monsters that could sense aura. So how had they known to target the boy? Maybe someone, or something, was giving these monsters information and orders… I shook my head.