A/N: Once upon a time, in a magical land known as Tumblr, a gal named slagheapwhore and another gal called Janerey came up with an idea: The Hunger Games's Peeta Mellark as Superman and Katniss Everdeen as Lois Lane. The fandom exploded! "Who would write such a thing?", the fans cried. "We volunteer as Tributes!" responded megsonfire and Baroness Kika. With the eternal wisdom of sohypothetically as Mentor and Beta , and pronetoobsess who created the image that turned a vision into a visual reality, and despite the real life distractions of graduations and weddings getting in the way of earnest, dedicated ficcing, a story about Peeta Mellark, Man of Steel, was hatched. Please enjoy. Love, Meggie and Kika Prologue Morgantown, West Virginia, 1989 "Go ahead and head on out, Sae. I've got it from here." "I don't mind staying to..." Ezekiel Mellark puts his hands on the counter in front of him with a light slap, making the woman startle. It's already an odd enough sight to see him in his black suit and his baker's apron. Him snapping is an entirely new thing; but then, the man did just bury his wife this morning. "I've got it, Sae. Go on home, I'll see you in the morning," he repeats, his temper back in check. The woman nods curtly and files out, leaving her own apron on the hook by the door. After he's set the last of the loaves for the next morning on the back counter to begin their slow proof, Ezekiel heads out to the pasture in the back, not bothering to change out of his dress shoes. If Armarna were still here, she'd have given him all manner of playful grief for the state he's in. If Armarna were here, she'd slop the pigs and feed the horses herself. If Armarna were here, he wouldn't be in this get-up to begin with. But instead, Armarna Bennett Mellark is in her coffin, six feet underground, with only the worms and the bodies of the other victims of the freak meteor shower to keep her company. Ezekiel goes through his evening tasks robotically, not bothering to count how many buckets full of water he tosses in the troughs until they begin to overflow. Numbness permeates his brain. He misses her; he misses her laugh, her smell, her hair, her everything. He wasn't the sort made to be a widower. He was supposed to go first; he was ten years her senior, after all. He was always ready to go first. He goes into the stables to tend to the horses next, still thoroughly stuck in his stupor. It's the sight of a small, naked child perched on top of one of the gates of the horse stalls that snaps him out of it. Now that Armarna is gone, he has this whole property to himself. There should be no one else here, let alone a child. "What the...?" Ezekiel says aloud. Without warning, the child spins around on its behind and looks straight at him. Tiny pink lips turn upwards in a mischievous smile. Piercingly blue eyes seem to glint in the overhead light of the stable house. The child's hair is a little matted, but the curls flow all the way down past an already strong jaw, practically to the shoulders. Ezekiel notices a moment later the equipment between the child's legs—it's a little boy. "Who are you?" Ezekiel asks the boy. The boy just grins at him that much wider. "Are you…where are your parents, son? And where did your clothes go?" The little boy shrugs, and turns his attention back towards the horse in the stable. This one—Malia, Armarna had named her years back—was heavy with her first foal of the spring. She'd be delivering any day now. Ezekiel had never birthed a horse without Armarna's help before. Malia the horse walks up to the boy's perch and shoves her snout at his tiny chest. The boy's little hands grasp onto her mane, but don't quite catch all the way. In his exuberance, the child pitches backwards and Ezekiel barely has time to zoom forward and catch him before he falls flat on his back on the hard stone floor. "Careful, little one! Malia's quite grumpy these days…have you ever been around a horse before?" Ezekiel asks him as he shrugs off the overshirt he wears and slings it around the boy's shoulders to cover him up. The boy looks like a ragamuffin, but smiles up at him all the same. His eyes seem jubilant and playful. This child can't possibly be more than three, maybe four years old. He's not dirty the way one would expect a child of his age to be when he randomly turns up in a stranger's barn. "We should find your parents, son," Ezekiel says to him, hoping this might coax the child into finally breaking his silence. "Where do you live? Do you know your address? I'm sure your parents must be worried sick about you." The boy's eyebrows furrow. Ezekiel squats down in front of him, buttoning a few of the buttons and rolling up the sleeves so the boy's hands are free. "I live on Fox Ridge Road. That's where we are right now. What street do you live on? It's okay, buddy. You can tell me. Your mama and daddy must be worried about where you've run off to. I need to take you home so they don't worry about you, okay?" The boy shakes his head, causing his curls to bounce against his rosy cheeks. "My name is Ezekiel. What's your name? Maybe I know your daddy…do you and your mother come into my bakery sometimes? Is that how you found your way out here?" The boy seems all the more confused with every word Ezekiel says. He holds up his hand towards the older man and Ezekiel takes it automatically. He leads the boy towards the barn door and points out to the west pasture, where the sun is slowly sinking past the rolling hillside. "Is that the way towards your home, son? Do you live on a big farm like this one? Or do you live in a little apartment building? I can't help you unless you talk to me, kiddo, and tell me where you live. Can you remember anything about it? Anything about your house? What are your parent's names?" The boy pulls on Ezekiel's hand and together they pad through the fields beyond. It strikes Ezekiel that the boy isn't wearing any shoes, and probably shouldn't be walking through grass and dirt without something protecting his feet. Didn't stop him from finding his way into my stable, he supposes. The boy's stubby legs are surprisingly agile, and they move quickly towards the fence at the far back of the farm boundaries. Beyond it is a heavily wooded area where wolves are known to prowl. This is the reason Ezekiel and Armarna always keep the pigs and horses in well secured stables and pens, and one of the reasons they've never had any luck keeping chickens or lambs; too tempting for the local wildlife. And Ezekiel doesn't have the heart to keep a gun on his property to shoot the invaders. "Son, no one lives in these woods. Come on, it'll be dark soon, your parents will be worried sick…" The boy shakes his blonde curls again and tugs fiercely on Ezekiel's hand. For such a small child, his grasp is forceful and strong. He can't help but follow him as they step through the back gate and trudge ever deeper into the woods. They walk for several long minutes. Ezekiel knows it'll be dark soon. He's immediately regretting that he'd gone out to complete his chores still in his clothes from the funeral, because his shiny patent leather suit shoes provide little traction on the uneven terrain. How this boy is walking so quickly with nothing covering his feet is baffling. He seems to know exactly where he's going though, so Ezekiel doesn't question him. Even if he did, this mute child wouldn't answer anyway. Perhaps his parents were in the woods hunting? Perhaps one of them is injured…oh Lord, is this boy about to show me the bodies of his dead relatives, expecting I can bring them back somehow? This is the… Ezekiel's brain stops when a large misshapen piece of black metal suddenly looms in front of him. Or at least, Ezekiel thinks it's metal. When he was a boy, he'd been a fan of comic books and science fiction. He'd dressed up as Captain James T. Kirk on more than one Halloween. He'd by and large grown out of it by the time he hit his 20s, and now that he's pressing 40, he knows his obsession with all things supernatural or fictitious has well and truly waned. But that didn't stop Ezekiel mind from wandering towards the realm of the impossible as he looks at this hunk of steel before him, the same thing the little boy who'd pulled him along is padding gently towards. "No, don't touch that, you don't…!" Ezekiel cries out to him, but the little boy's hand is already pressing up against the side of the…whatever it is. A soft orange glow permeates the area for just a minute, then fades as the hunk of steel creaks and groans and opens itself up. The little boy once again beckons him closer. Enchanted by memories of his favorite comic books and alien television shows, Ezekiel can't help but stumble forward and crouch down in imitation of how the boy is. The child's tiny hand points inside. The man can barely see the interior in the waning light, but what he can make out amazes him. Tiny orange and green markings in no language he's ever seen before. Nothing that looks even remotely… …Human. Dear Lord, Ezekiel thinks. This can't be real. This is a dream. Some crazy dream because I drank too much after the funeral and passed out. There's no way this is real. Ezekiel does the only thing he can think of: he stands up straight and tall and smacks himself in the face. The sound reverberates through the trees and he has to contort his face in a thousand different ways to make it stop smarting. He doesn't know his own strength, apparently. "Ow," he says aloud. A lilting giggle comes from the throat of the little boy standing next to him. Well, at least he's amused, Ezekiel thinks. It's impossible, to be sure, but the notion bears asking. He crouches once again in front of the boy and takes a delicate hold of his small shoulders. "Son…is this contraption your home?" The boy shakes his blonde curls. "But it…it belongs to you?" The boy nods. "Okay…so where are your parents? Older people, like me? You must belong to someone," Ezekiel says. The little boy chews his bottom lip for a minute, clearly considering how to answer this question. He cranes his neck upward to the quickly darkening sky and studies it for a second. Then he raises his tiny fist up above his head with his index finger pointed out. "Heaven? Are your parents in heaven?" Ezekiel asks. Or are they from the heavens? he adds quietly to himself, knowing how ludicrous the idea is. The boy shrugs. "Let me ask you this, then…where are you from?" The boy raises his hand again, the same index finger pointed upwards. Holy Mary Mother of… "You…you're from…up there?" Ezekiel stammers, looking up at the skies. The boy nods his head quickly, his curls bouncing into his eyes. Ezekiel rubs his hands over his face. This can't be real…this can't be real… Too soon it'll be dark enough that finding his way back to the farm will be treacherous at best. And he can't just leave this little boy, this innocent little thing in the woods. Who knows how long