author's note: This is for Cheeky Slytherin Lass's PostSecret Challenge trigger warning: details an abusive relationship She used to be fascinated by how she walked. She pictured her muscles contracting and expanding, bones and joints aching together under her weight. She walked heel to toe, like everyone else, with a slight heel on her close-toed black shoes that melted into her robes. That was before the stairs of the Gryffindor girls' dormitory took her miraculous tibia bone and snapped it clean in two. Madame Pomfrey mended it in a second, but something about it never healed quite right. Maybe it was her piece of mind that shattered. / She decided when she was eleven, right before she boarded the train, that her favorite color would be black. How dare her mother name her after two colors, and for no reason at all. Lavender was her favorite color, really, but that was just screaming for someone to call her out, people would snicker, everyone would talk about her, etc., etc. It would go how it always did. Except that it didn't. "Brown, Lavender," became the first student sorted into Gryffindor, followed by a round of cheers and suddenly she was smiling so much that her teeth began to ache. / Parvati Patil slept in the bunk next to her. The four-poster bed with its ugly red Gryfindor-esque colored curtains left Lavender with no privacy, and it was clear she was not the only one who couldn't sleep. Her pillow was perfectly cool whenever she flipped it over, and she never looked at the clock but could hear it ticking. She heard a sigh from her right and pulled the curtain open. Parvati is staring straight up at the ceiling, with her wide dark eyes. "I can't sleep," she whispers to Lavender, as if she didn't already know. "Come somewhere with me," she says suddenly, springing up from her own bed. Lavender follows. Maybe this Parvati girl could be a friend. They wander up to the Astronomy Tower, sneaking past portraits that were still awake from the night's festivities. They're all too drunk to notice two eleven year olds up way past their bedtime. They get lost four times and end up somewhere near the kitchens, but the stars are shining and the cloud cover that was present as the Hogwarts Express rolled in has passed. Parvati talks way too fast and Lavender listens patiently as this complete stranger rattles on about the classes she's excited to take and how she'd one day like to be a Professor, but she isn't sure what subject she would possibly want to teach because even though she grew up in a house of wizards, there's so much to learn. It is two in the morning when Lavender lays back down in her bed, thinking that this might actually be the place for her. / Her first years at Hogwarts are like the swish and flick of a wand. They are quick and relatively easy. She stands side by side with her classmates through loss and triumph, and passes OWLs with ease. She arrives at year six with no knowledge that this year will change her life. She briefly dates Ron Weasley, and their relationship burns bright and then burns out. She is sure that she will never find someone as good or as kind, and then she does, for a little while. / The first bruise she gets from his fists is lavender a few days later, and she thinks it might be pretty if it didn't hurt so badly. It looks like it might never fade, and she curses the poems she's read about how violence can be beautiful or whatever because that wasn't even close to the reality she was experiencing. She shuts herself in a stall in the Gryffindor girl's bathroom and readjusts her perfectly adjusted top so she can see it in all its black and blue and purple glory. It's just under her collarbone, and it's technically still summer and everyone is taking every chance to wear anything but their black robes and god forbid she draws attention to herself by going against the norm. She knows if she cries, someone will hear her. And she can't admit that it has actually happened. This is Michael Corner. He's one of the year's golden boys, potions whiz, a member of Dumbledore's Army. And she is Lavender Brown, notoriously clumsy and foolish. He might say she tripped at a strange angle and she would go along with it, because she has some sort of laryngitis that has rendered her incapable of speaking the truth. She heard Luna Lovegood can mend toes with a quick flick of her wand, and Lavender herself has an inclination towards potentially becoming a Healer. She's never heard of anything for a bruise. And her preference for make-up is nearly non-existent, which makes the only option hiding this hand-size bruise under her black tee-shirt. / "Here's the thing, though, Lav. My essay is five inches too short. Binns won't care that it's some of my best work." Parvati is talking a million miles a minute. "And the witch hunt of the Middle Ages was such an important period for us, I'd hate for him to think I've diminished it by arguing that Purebloods were part of the problem- Lav? Are you listening?" It is 3AM in the Gryffindor Common Room. They are at a table around the fireplace, but it's still too early and too warm to be used. Lavender is wearing a pair of too-long pajama pants and her collarbone has long-since healed, but at least three more have turned up in the same spot and disappeared, too. Lavender doesn't miss a beat. "No, I think your position is unexpected. He needs that in his life. That, or he'll hate it because he might have to use a tone other than monotony." They both crack a smile, and Lavender continues. "Maybe his eyesight is so poor, he won't be able to tell that it's too short." She laughs so hard that her cheeks feel sore, like they haven't been used this vigorously in a while. The portrait door opens when she is in mid-snort- a habit he tells her is unattractive, and that she's lucky he started to date her before that made an appearance, because no one else would date her if they knew she snorted when she laughed. It's not him, but her stomach clenches at the thought that he might have been on the other side of that portrait. She'd like to say that it was exciting to have her boyfriend so close, but a wall had built itself around parts of her. She didn't give him access to her every thought, and he knew it. / It is the middle of November. Snow hasn't started falling, but the temperature has dropped considerably. The bruises on her legs and arms and neck have become just another feature of her body. The reflection she saw in the mirror was starting to scare her at any rate. Her eyes looked like that of a dead person, more grey than blue. She spends more and more of her time in the Hogwarts Library. She is taking an Independent Study with Professor Sprout on healing herbs, and she was grateful that it was so time-consuming. Michael could understand academics. He couldn't understand why she would ever choose to hang out with Parvati or spend any more time than necessary sleeping or getting ready or eating, for that matter. When she received her first "Exceeds Expectations," he planned a picnic for them on the Great Lawn, overlooking the Black Lake. He was a little taken aback as to why it wasn't an "Outstanding" grade, as Lavender had spent every free minute of the last week writing it, and he had hardly seen her at all outside of class. He walks her out of the castle's large front doors. They're not supposed to be out on the grounds, but Michael had a way of charming Professor Slughorn to vouch for them if someone called them out. She shivers, and he puts an arm around her. She finds herself holding her breath. His touch is natural and sweet, for now. She breathes. The sun, of course, is setting just as they eat their treacle tarts- he's a big believer in the dessert first philosophy. He holds his up to hers, and then he toasts her. "Lav, I'm so proud of you. What an amazing feat. To you being the world's greatest Healer." She smiles. "And next, Outstanding." They let the treacle tarts melts into their mouths, and then he opens the picnic basket, which is filled with all of her favorites- classic creamy peanut butter and grape jam sandwiches with crusts cut off, mashed potatoes with the gravy that fills her mouth with the perfect amount of salt. She chases it down with a bit of pumpkin juice, careful not to make a slurping noise. He tells her stories of the NEWT Potions class he's in, about Ernie Macmillan, spilling a powerful sleeping draught that caused poor Anthony Goldstein to fall backwards and end up in the Hospital Wing. Lavender gasps, asking if he's okay, but Michael laughs, saying, "Of course he is, babe. It was funny. You can laugh at it, you know." She grimaces. "I don't think it's funny," she says, knowing she should not under any circumstances, be arguing with him like this, about this. "I'm… I'm going to be a Healer, you know, so… It's not funny to me." Without missing a beat, he wonders out loud how they found each other, with her exceeding lack of a sense of humor. And then, he digs in. "I don't know how you think you might be a Healer on day. Exceeds Expectations isn't what you need. You need Outstanding, and even Neville Longbottom got one from Professor Sprout, which just shows she's an easy grader. You say you worked really hard on this essay, but I think you may have been avoiding me. Is that true?" "No, not at all," she squeaks out, the words barely escaping her lips before she braces for impact. But it doesn't come. Michael's black hair is all tangled and covering his face, like it does every time he gets mad, but the wind is making it worse. She blinks, startled more by the lack of pain she's experiencing. And then she hears: "What are two young students like yourselves doing out here on a cold day like this?" Lavender is amazed by her good fortune, but when she turns around, it's none other than Headmaster Snape, his robes billowing behind him. Her heart sinks. He is walking towards them, and Michael stands. She's afraid of Snape, of course, but she's more afraid of what Michael might say, and she is right. "Headmaster Snape. Lavender here wanted to celebrate her latest Exceeds Expectations in her Independent study with Professor Sprout. I told her it wasn't a good idea, with the current… er, state of things, but she insisted." Lavender's eyes widen. She should have expected it might be this bad. "Exceeds Expectations is nothing to celebrate, Ms. Brown. You both have a week's detention, and twenty points will be deducted from both Gryffindor and Ravenclaw." She watches as if this life is someone else's while her boyfriend grabs the picnic basket. She's relieved that his hands are full, but they won't be for very long. She follows him inside, through the large doors. He can't hold the door for her, so it slams on to her right shoulder. She cries out, and then bites her lip, hoping he didn't hear her. It's just one more thing on top of every other thing that has gone wrong. He doesn't hit her that night. They are sent straight to their dormitories, and the Headmaster waves his wand and the picnic disappears to the kitchens. She