Stephenie Meyer owns all the Twilight parts. Important: If you haven't read the epilogue of The Give Away Girl or The B Sides futuretake (Ten), this won't make sense. Thanks to Iris for making it pretty. Thanks to M and Nic for pre-reading. Thanks to Rachel for planting the seed. In case you missed it, this is a Jasper POV outtake/futuretake. She's got a smile that it seems to me Reminds me of childhood memories Where everything Was as fresh as the bright blue sky Now and then when I see her face She takes me away to that special place And if I stared too long I'd probably break down and cry ("Sweet Child O' Mine" – Guns N' Roses) ~O~ Being part owner of a business sucks. I don't have the option of turning off my ringer. I'm the asshole at the deli in front of people in line, ordering my sandwich when Ozzy blares. I've seen your face a hundred times… Every day we've been apart… "Fuck." It takes a minute to wrestle the phone out of my coat pocket and silence it. "Sorry about that," I say to the girl behind the partition. "Spicy Italian on wheat." Alice can wait. Let her see how it feels for a change. "What kind of cheese?" The girl, Arliss - according to her name tag - leans forward, exposing the sliver of pale skin between the V of her unbuttoned polo. "Pepperjack." I watch her add lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayo, and all the while my hand is still clutching the phone in my pocket, itching to check my voicemail. No matter how irritated I am with Alice, I've never been able to pass up a chance to hang on her words. Chips, soda, and an empty booth. Her voice rings out, balanced between my head and my shoulder while I unwrap the toasted hoagie in front of me. " Bella's in labor, finally. She and Edward are taking bets on whether this is going to be a November or December baby. Text him if you want in. I'm picking up a car at SeaTac. See you in a few hours." The phone drops into my lap, and I stare at my lunch, paused. Eternally paused by the girl who fucked me up when I was still a kid. A younger kid, anyway. I could call her back. It would be more than she's done for me this past week. Bella's baby was due the day before Thanksgiving. Alice planned to be here to catch the show and some turkey in the same trip. Two had other plans. The due date came without so much as a nudge from Alice's niece or nephew. She stayed in Mississippi to wait it out. Alice changing her mind about coming home is nothing new. It's her MO. There was one quick phone call to drop the bomb, and I haven't heard a word from her since. Six days of silence is a long fucking time. It shouldn't make any difference to me. I'm not her fucking boyfriend. Not anymore. Until recently, we've talked on the phone once or twice a week, sometimes more. This is the game we've played since we ripped open old wounds over coffee back in August. Instead of calling her, I pick up the phone and text Edward. 2:30am Dec 1. How's Bella? I make it halfway through my lunch before he answers. High on Stadol. Thank God. She flipped you the bird for wishing another 13 hours on her. I laugh out loud at the thought of my best friend pausing mid-contraction to flip me off from a town away. Out of The Pack, she's the only one who gave a damn enough to keep up with me after Alice ditched us all. Phone calls, emails, visits… She even forced me to create a MySpace page. It ended up being good promo for the shop, so maybe I should thank her. Tell her I said good luck. Keep me posted. It's not quite two when I finish eating, but opening the shop a few minutes early is almost an everyday occurrence. Being the first one in gives me a few moments to connect with the color of flash from ceiling to floor and turn up the heavy metal through the speakers in the lobby. My partner, Mick, shows up late today, like almost every other day. He stuffs McDonald's into his mouth as we walks through the front door. "S'up," he says around his burger. "Bella's in labor. I may have to leave early tonight." "Sweet." He disappears to our office space in the back, probably to catch a nap on the green vinyl sofa. His schedule is clear until four. My afternoon slips away working on a piece for Sampson, a hulk of a bastard who drives big rigs. He's a regular. He's always leaned toward patriotic tats – an eagle on his back, a flag wrapped around his bicep. Today's visit is for a somber memorial to his little brother. The kid enlisted right after 9/11 and came home to their mother in a body bag two months ago. Sampson faxed a rough sketch to me two days after his funeral. This tat has been in the making for a while. The outline is easy: a simple tombstone. It's the shadowing and mixing of the right shades of gray that take the longest. He takes a smoke break every 45 minutes or so. I burn with him, giving my hands a chance to stretch and work out the cramps. He tears up when the buzzing stops, and he stands to inspect the finished product in the mirror. His fingers ghost over the curve of stone above his heart. "Thanks, man. Good work." "Glad you like it." I extend my hand to shake. "I'm sorry for your loss." He nods. "We'll talk about that Texas tat the next time I'm in town." "Anytime." I follow him down the hall and out into the lobby. A young girl with long brown hair is staring at a frame filled with samples of butterfly tattoos. A woman who could be her twin, if not for a few signs of age, is standing behind her with her arms crossed loosely and a smile on her face. "Can I help you?" I ask. The girl turns and wide, green eyes drop to take in my arms. She swallows and licks her lips. "I want a tattoo." "Are you 18?" I glance at her first, then the woman behind her. "For almost a week now. I was nervous, and I may have chickened out a few times," the girl says in a rush. "You're mom?" The woman behind her unfolds her arms and holds out a hand to shake mine. "Yes, I'm Tara, Lil's mom. This is her birthday gift." "Cool mom." Lil blushes when I grin at her. "What are your favorite colors?" "Purple, pink, and blue…" "Follow me." I lead them to the front counter and step behind it to snatch a sketchpad. "Where are you getting it?" "Um…" She glances down and tugs at her jeans. "On my ankle." Butterflies are easy. I've probably averaged ten a month over the last eight years. But this is brand new to Lil. Her first tattoo. I want her to like it and hopefully not cover it someday. By curling the wings forward and giving them pointed definition, the butterfly almost looks like a cuff bracelet. "I love it," she says, running her finger over the drawing. We settle on colors, and she brings her mom back with her. They talk and joke, pausing only when the gun comes to life. Lil winces for a few seconds when the needle touches her skin for the first time, but her mom keeps talking and takes her mind off of me. Ozzy belts again from my phone across the room. "I need a break," Lil says when I lean back after finishing the outline. "Just for a second. Can I have a Coke or something back here? Is that okay?" I nod. "Sure. There's a machine in the lobby. Walk around for a few minutes if you need to." I get rid of my gloves, grab my phone and my smokes, and hit the back door. " I'm in Forks. Still no baby. I'll let you know if anything changes. Call me… if you want to. I have some big news. Maybe we can meet for breakfast. Well, if I'm not still here waiting on this stubborn kid to make an appearance. Just… call me, okay?" "Damn that," I say to the wind and the dumpster behind the building. Mick's girl shows up with a friend a few minutes before ten. We've got nothing on the books, and other than us and Star, the receptionist/piercer, the shop is empty. Tuesday nights aren't exactly high traffic in Port Angeles, so we call it and lock up. "Come with us," Star says, pointing down the block to our usual bar. "We'll shoot some pool over a pitcher." "Not tonight," I say. "My best friend is having a baby in Forks. I may spend the night at my folks'." "See you tomorrow." Mick waves, and throws one arm over his girlfriend's shoulder and the other over her friend's. The all-night Walmart sells flowers. Not big glorious arrangements with booties and storks and shit, but they have a small bundle of white blooms that'll work regardless of which type of junk this kid comes out with. There's a huge assortment of baby cards, but I settle on a blank one and scribble a quick message in it when I get back to the car. The drive to Forks seems longer, with empty highway in all directions. No one coming. No one going. I'm not in the mood for reminiscing, so I settle for Bush and more recent tunes without attachments. The phone lights up and vibrates a couple of times, but the only music is pouring through the car speakers. The hospital parking lot is packed. Edward's Dadmobile, some kind of Volvo SUV, is parked next to a minivan and Phil's Jag. The waiting room in the maternity ward is full of nervous men. Edward's dad, Phil, and Charlie are all on their feet. Emmett is stretched out in a chair in the corner, with Lucky asleep on his chest and his feet propped on a second chair in front of him. "Dude," he says as I sit down in the seat next to his. "You're right on time. They kicked us out of the birthing suite about five minutes ago." I glance down at my watch. 11:45. Bella might get her November baby after all. It's another half hour before Alice pokes her head into the room. Phil, Charlie, and Carlisle all freeze and stare. "It's a girl," she says. "Nine pounds, three ounces. 20 1/2 inches long, and she has a head covered in thick, brownish-red hair." "How's Bella?" Charlie asks. "She's good. Hungry and exhausted, but good." Phil pats him on the back in congratulations. "I'll be back to get you guys when Bella's ready for visitors," Alice says, letting her gaze settle on me. "You're going to love this kid. She's beautiful." "Hey, Alice…" She stares, and for a second, the cool gray-blue of her eyes feels like a skip in time. "Did she make it before midnight?" She shakes her head with a smile. "12:03" "You won," Phil says to me. "The only other guess for December was Jake and his bet was 3:30." "Sweet. How big is the pot?" "300," Carlisle answers. "Use it to pick up some diapers for the new parents," I say. "I hear that shit is expensive." "You heard right," Emmett says. A half hour goes by before the doors open again. This time, it's Edward. His shirt is wrinkled and untucked, and I'm not sure I've ever