Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. In other words, S Meyer owns Twilight. I own a big, happy grin. This oneshot was originally posted on 12/3/11 as an entry for Part II of the Twilight of Craigslist Fanfic Contest. I am tickled pink (please excuse the Southernism) that it won the First Place Popular Vote, a Second Place Judge's Choice from VampsHaveLaws, and a Third Place Popular Vote for Funniest. Wow. Just wow. The ad in this oneshot was my submission for Part I of the contest. It tied for Second Place in the Funniest category. I would like to thank HollettLA from Sparkly Red Pen for beta services. This was a long piece, and she did a great job. I would also like to thank her for her kind words about the story. Also, I have to thank my sis for pre-reading and telling me to submit this in the first place. Thank you to everyone who reviewed and voted during the contest. And last, but certainly not least, thank you to the contest hosts: Nayarit, Wonderwallthefirst, and InYourHonor1211. For those who asked for more…See the A/N at the bottom. Warning: Rated M for foul language and holiday copulation. Now, let's get on with it already…. -o- BPOV Oh, dear God. What the fuck happened last night? This must be an operating table. There is bright light overhead, and my body feels like the Hulk used it as a punching bag. Something cold and wet is dragging across my face. I am assaulted by a blast of potent dog breath. Definitely not a hospital. Thank goodness. "Heidi," I croak. Damn, my mouth tastes like ass. "Come and get this damn dog!" I love my roommate's Dachshund, Wolfgang, but right now I need to figure out what the hell happened last night and why I am waking up on the floor. I can't do that while he is trying to lick my nostrils clean. "Good morning, sunshine," Heidi says to me as she scoops the dog from my chest. I drag myself up from the floor. I still have on the same clothes from last night, and there is no puke on them. That's a good sign. I brush my teeth three times before spending thirty minutes in a steaming shower. Thankfully, it's Saturday. I don't have anything to do until yoga class this afternoon. My iPhone pings three times while I am dressing. "Stupid Facebook notifications," I mutter as I pull a white sweater over my head. Memories from the bar last night are surfacing. Heidi and I met a couple of cute guys and let them buy us drinks for an hour. I'm pretty sure I molested the blond one on the dance floor. He was totally into it, and we were all walking to the parking lot when shit just derailed. In my drunken stupor, I asked him to come to Forks with me for Thanksgiving. Nothing screams psycho like meeting a guy and asking him to come home and meet your family before you even know his last name. Good one. I blame Heidi. She made me tell her the story of Arnold and his creepy, cold hands again during dinner last night. Thanksgiving dinner ended with a bang last year. Dad had to drive Arnold to the emergency room. I jammed a fork into the man's thigh, and he was still trying to grope me in the hospital waiting room. Pervert. Finally, Charlie sat between us, ending his advances. It's Heidi's favorite story. She gets off on my humiliation. I reach for my phone and bring up my email account. There are over fifty messages in my inbox. A very clear memory of Heidi laughing over her laptop assaults me. She didn't. We were joking about posting a Craigslist ad for a bodyguard. At least, I thought we were joking. The reply email address is bizarre, so I open it. From: OTR_BigRig_85(at)gmail(dot)com I'm a professional truck driver and it just so happens I'll be in your neck of the woods during the requested dates. I have a BIG RIG and I'm always in it for the LONG HAUL. "Heidi?" I call frantically. "Why is some trucker emailing me about his big rig ?" "Oh, my God," she says from the kitchen. I find her hunched over the laptop. "What is it?" I have to ask because she's blocking my view of the screen. "Don't be mad, okay?" She still won't let me see it. "Why would I be mad?" She moves and gestures to the open Craigslist ad on the screen. I lean in closer, eyes widening as my eyes skim over the page. It's all there in black and white. Free Tofurkey and Beer! Seeking Bodyguard/Fake Boyfriend (Thanksgiving Weekend Only) (Forks, WA area) Date: 2011-10-01, 1:47AM PDT Reply to: handsofftheswan (at) craigslist (dot) org I'm looking for a brave guy to protect me from my mother's massage therapist during Thanksgiving break. Last year, he tried to give me an under the table "massage" until I stabbed him with my fork. Eligible Candidates: -Must be available Wednesday evening (11/23) – Sunday (11/27) -Must not have a wife, girlfriend, fuck buddy or anyone else that would want to kick my ass for taking you away for the weekend. This is not negotiable. -Must endure a four hour drive to Forks. -Should be accustomed to firearms. My dad is the local police chief. -Should NOT have any type of sage allergy. The dressing will be loaded with sage and my mother will likely smudge you with sage before allowing you to enter the house. -Must be willing to let my mother, aka the Reiki Master, handle your chakras. -Must like kids or at least be willing to pretend. My sister-in-law practices natural family planning. Poorly. -Must act as a shield between me and the pervert. All weekend. Seriously…I do not want that creep to ever touch me again. -May be required to engage in light physical contact and feign affection in front of my family and the pervert. Sex is not required, but may occur if Gran makes after dinner margaritas this year. (Premature ejaculators can ignore the sex part) -Will receive a delicious home cooked Thanksgiving dinner which includes a choice of Tofurkey or real Turkey. -Must love beer. My dad will have cases of Vitamin R available for your consumption. He'll also expect you to watch sports with him. Serious inquiries only. No druggies. (Just in case you missed the part about my dad being a cop) No geezers. (Ages 23-28 only, please!) I look forward to your reply. I remember this! Sort of. There are definitely some things that Heidi threw in. Like the premature ejaculator part. There are some details you should never, ever share with your roommate, no matter how cool she might be. The last guy I had sex with was only good for six strokes. On a good day. She also added the word "boyfriend." I guess it makes sense, though. I wouldn't have any other reason to take a guy home to Forks for Thanksgiving. Not that I plan on taking anyone who would actually answer this ad. She could have shortened it to: Come home with me for Thanksgiving, deal with my batshit crazy family, keep a weirdo from touching me, and I'll ply you with free beer and food. Oh, and sex if my grandmother gets me drunk. She's a pimp. Heidi is a pimp in disguise. I'm almost late for yoga because Heidi and I spend the entire day reading the replies to our drunken madness. There are a ton of desperate, horny men looking for a hot Thanksgiving romp. Even the threat of Charlie's guns and badge doesn't scare them away. We laugh all day and, while my initial reaction was embarrassment, now the whole thing is just funny. We decide to leave the ad up for a week or two. It will be free entertainment. EPOV "You're lucky I'm an alcoholic vegetarian," Tanya says as she lowers herself into the seat across from mine. "Really?" I snort. "How so?" Tanya has been my best friend since the second week of our freshman year at UW. She and her partner, Irina, took me under their wings and turned me into a man. Well, not like that, but they did teach me how to do keg stands, how to funnel beer, and how to hit on girls. They have absolutely been the secret of my success for the last five years. She leans forward, staring directly into my eyes. "I found her, Edward." My heart stutters a little in my chest because I'm pretty sure Tanya just said she found the girl I've been searching for since the night I ditched her at a Mexican restaurant during our first and, as it turns out, only date. That was six months ago. The first time I saw her was Valentine's Day. She came into the deli closest to the school where I was student teaching at the time. I stood behind her and tried not to sniff her as I listened to her order a turkey on wheat with lowfat mayo. I thanked every god I could think of when she slid off her coat. Her ass looked fantastic in a pair of dark skinny jeans. I tried to catch her eye as she left the counter, but she was busy scowling at something on her phone. I placed my own order, and then sat in the booth across from hers. " Let me give you a clue, Felix. It takes way more than six strokes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop," she said into her phone. Her expression changed from mildly irritated to hostile. "I didn't even have time to, asshole. Do yourself a favor. Lose my number." I was in love. I figured out quickly that she only ate at the deli on Mondays and Wednesdays. It took sixteen days for her to notice me. She smiled and said "Thank you" when I held the door for her. Another nineteen days passed, and I finally worked up the courage to introduce myself. Her name was Bella, and she was the most beautiful, foul-mouthed angel I had ever laid eyes on. After a couple of weeks of playful flirting and innocent touching, I asked her out. She accepted and agreed to meet me at Memo's Mexican Restaurant the following Friday evening. She was on time and gorgeous the night of our date. There seemed to be a real, natural chemistry between the two of us as we walked to the table. Bella ordered a margarita and steak fajitas. I ordered a two for one of Budweiser on tap and a shrimp chimichanga. BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE. I knew something was wrong after only a few bites. My mouth felt funny. I could actually feel my lips when they started to swell. Then the itching started. I excused myself, cutting Bella off mid-sentence. I did a funky run-walk-shuffle straight to the men's room. One look in the mirror confirmed it. There were red splotches all over my face, and my lips could've taken on Angelina Jolie's and won. I couldn't let Bella see me like that. I looked like some kind of freakazoid monster, and she was the woman of my dreams. I stopped on my way out and hand scrawled an apology with a brief explanation that there was a medical emergency. I wrote my number at the bottom and gave the hostess sixty bucks and the note to give to Bella. I haven't seen her since. "Edward? Hello?" Tanya is snapping her fingers in my face. Right. Tanya thinks she