This is my entry for The Heart of Country Contest hosted by PrettyKittyArtist and Les16. Dear noelleseven, rochelle allison, fictionfreak95, ffpassion, and rtgirl- Thank you for judging us. Evilnat, thank you for the banners! Big thanks to the people behind the scenes- misty and medusainny. If you read, reviewed, or voted for this story during the contest, thank you! I'm guessing some of you are scratching your heads and thinking wth? right about now. The truth is I really needed to write something non-90s, and where I come from, even the most hardcore rocker boys have a little Waylon, Willie, and Johnny in them. So do I. The Cullens in this story are like the ones in original Twi – they eat deer. There's also some fishing. No real deer or fish will be harmed during the writing of this fic. Cool? Okay. Stephenie Meyer owns it. MariahajilE beta'd it. Thank you, sweets. M and Nic pre-read (after swearing multiple times not to pimp it or vote for it). Lol. Thank you, ladies. Mississippiward is mine. So are any leftover mistakes. PenName: MrsSpaceCowboy Title: Down Home Rating: M Word Count: 9390 Pairing: Bella and Edward Prompts used: "Want To" by Sugarland and picture #4 (shirtless country boy with the dually) Summary: Sometimes, everything you're looking for ends up being right where you left it. The days are long in Mississippi in July. The sun glows heavy orange in the sky, causing a sticky heat that seeps into the pores - the kind that makes clothes clingy and stray hairs curl up around my face. "You'll never guess who I ran into the other day," Tanya says. "You're not the only one home for a visit." "I'm sure you're going to tell me," I answer. I could name half the town, and she'd let me. I can find out much quicker with silence. "Edward Cullen." The name alone doesn't sound like much, but the boy behind it is something else. At least, he was. His momma raised him with manners, even though he's cocky like his daddy. Being a doctor's kid, having a nice GPA, a mischievous side, and knowing how to party made him a god at Quitman High. His good looks only sped his ascent to the top of the high school food chain. He's that boy; the one (I never really had) that got away, the boy I turned down. And he has never let me forget it. "Oh, yeah?" I try to sound casual. "What's he been up to?" "I don't know, but he asked about you." "He did not. We haven't spoken in years." "He sure did, and honey, he is lookin' fine. F-I-N-E fine." "I'm sure he knows it, too." He's kind, even if he is a little wild, but he knows he's a catch. And he doesn't mind letting all the girls try. "He's not that bad. He's just an ole country boy sowing his oats." "That's disgustin'." "What have you been doing up there in Oxford, little sister?" she grins, signaling and merging into the right lane. The Lauderdale County line is just ahead. I love coming home to Quitman, hanging out with my sister, waking up in my own bed, and listening to Momma and Daddy argue in the kitchen while she cooks a full breakfast, but I hate living in a dry county. No one should have to drive forty-five minutes to get to the nearest bar. Maybe I'm just spoiled after spending the last three years in Oxford. "I'm not sowing anything. I don't think girls have oats. And at least I waited until college to hit the buffet. He's been sampling for years." "You only waited until college, because you were with Ty all throughout high school." "He's home, too," I tell her. "I ran into him a couple of days ago, and we had lunch at Sonic." "I think it's great that y'all can be friends like that. Jake and I tried for a while, but things got ugly every time one of us tried to start dating again. We had to call it quits." "Ty and I never had a single fight in the two and a half years we were together. There's no reason for us to start now." "Well, it's a good thing," she says, pulling into the lot at County Line. "Isn't that his Tahoe?" The large, camouflage Ole Miss decal, the bright red custom paint job, and the multiple Crowley Chevrolet stickers are unmistakable. The truck is as obnoxious now as it was the day his daddy gave it to him for being accepted to his alma mater. "Yeah, it's his." "Oh, shit! Jake's here." Her ex is blocking the exit of the bar, making his way out with his buddies. Tanya parks at the very back of the small, gravel parking lot, but it's too late. He's seen us. "Let's just leave," I tell her. "We can come back next weekend…" She cuts the engine and pulls down her visor immediately, checking her reflection in the mirror. "How do I look? Is this lipstick okay?" "You look beautiful." She always does. I prefer her hair the way it was when she was in high school – brown and natural like mine – but she likes to keep it strawberry blonde. She says it's because blondes have more fun. I know she's lying, because Tanya has always managed to have fun regardless of her hair color. She's a born people person. Coming up behind her has never been easy. Teachers had always eyed me suspiciously the first few weeks of school, waiting to see if I was going to follow my sister's path of being a smart mouth with mediocre grades. I've heard Ms. Cope tell stories about how she was afraid to pick me up for my first visit to the church nursery. Tanya had raised Cain two years before and left the poor woman scarred. My sister was born beautiful and full of piss and vinegar. Then, Jake Black happened the summer after her senior year and she's never been able to quit him. Not all the way. He's just as smitten with her, but the two of them fight like cats and dogs, break up, and make up. The whole town knows they're going to end up married and living over on Clancy Lane raising babies together. We're just waiting for the two of them to figure it out. She sprays some perfume on her cleavage before opening the car door. Sighing, I open my own door and step out onto the gravel. Jake meets us halfway across the lot, teetering a little and reeking of alcohol. "Evenin', ladies." He tips his hat quickly, makes eye contact with me to be respectful, and then loses himself in my sister. "Can we talk?" Tanya catches a lock of her hair, twisting it nervously, and smiling like this is the first time they've ever met. "I'll see you inside," I tell her. I need a beer or something else to chase away this feeling of… restlessness that's been suffocating me since I unpacked my suitcase in my old bedroom. Momma hovers constantly when I'm home, always wanting to talk. She asks about school and boys, and I know it's only because she worries but it irritates me. A small group of men catches my attention when I get closer to the wooden steps at the bar entrance. One of them whistles, and I grin in acknowledgement. Most country boys are harmless, but this is a bar and they have been drinking. So I try to walk a little faster without making eye contact. That tricky sun disappeared quickly tonight, leaving the parking lot and the woods surrounding us bathed in lavender and shadows, save for the lone floodlight the owner tacked on top of the trailer a couple years back. Even though Tanya and Jake are only a few feet away, I'm still relieved when I step into the light and my boot makes contact with the bottom stair. "Here, let me get the door for you." Any other voice, combined with a hand on my arm, would've made me jump a mile high, but I'd recognize his tone and his touch even if I were blindfolded. I turn on the step, hoping to find out exactly what F-I-N-E looks like these days. "Hey, Edward." He takes his hat off with his right hand and tries to fix his hair with his left. "Bella. You're lookin' good this evenin'." His eyes are raking over me, checking out my summer dress and boots, lingering in places they shouldn't. "It's been a while." "Thanks." Tanya is right. He is looking good in his Wranglers and worn Dan Posts, but I'll never admit it to him. "How long have you been home?" "Few days. You?" "Since the end of the spring semester." He puts his hat back on, and I can't help but notice it's the same chocolate brown Stetson he's had since we were in school. Time has taken a toll on it, but brown is definitely his color. "Been goofin' off all summer?" Edward and his friends had spent most of their free time fishing and their weekend nights had been spent on Eric Yorkie's pontoon boat, getting drunker than Cooter Brown. "Actually–" "Are you gonna open the door for the lady or what, Edward?" Jake says from a few feet away. His arm is wrapped around Tanya's waist, and for tonight at least, it looks like they're back on. Instead of answering, Edward lets his hand settle on the small of my back and guides me up the few planks before holding the door open with a smile. Music and laughter spill out into the night, and for a moment, we're frozen. Lord, why can't this man be ugly? "Thank you." I give him a smile and one last glance before stepping over the threshold. "I'll catch up with you later," he says. "Sure you will," I mumble to myself when I know I'm out of earshot. I'll be long forgotten before happy hour is over. Tanya catches up to me at the bar before I've chosen a seat. "Jake and I are gonna get a table. You wanna join us?" She spots Tyler walking toward us the same time I do. "Nevermind," she giggles, giving me a knowing look. "It's not like that with us," I tell her quietly, sliding onto a stool next to Jamie Beck and giving his wife, Tori, a little wave. "Sure, it's not." Tanya winks and disappears. "Hey, Bell," Tyler says, taking the empty stool on the other side of me. "Hey, stranger." I lean over for a quick hug before tapping the bar. "Can I buy you a drink?" "No, but I'll buy you one." When the bartender comes over, Ty orders two boilermakers. "Something wrong?" I ask. "Not really. Something's right." I watch as two glasses of beer and two whiskey shots hit the hardwood in front of us. Before I can answer or ask what's going on, I feel a weight against my left side. "Two Red Stripes," Edward says, leaning forward and trying to catch the bartender's attention. I glance up and immediately wish I hadn't, because he's staring down at me. "Sorry." He faces forward, repeating his order and tossing a ten on the counter when the bottles are in front of him. Any hint of the friendly man that greeted me at the door is gone. He's distant, and I don't know why I'm surprised. We'd spent the last two years of high school like this; hot and cold, friends then nothing. This is par for the course with Edward Cullen. "Are you even listenin' to me?" Ty asks with a laugh. "Uh, yeah," I answer, keeping an eye on Edward as he maneuvers away through the crowd. "I said I want you to meet someone. My girlfriend drove down