When I wrote "When" I got a few comments on Lily and Sirius's friendship. Turns out I had been sitting on their friendship origin story for a couple of years, so it felt like time to let it go. Note: The parts marked as (Now) take place in the Summer of 1977, between MWPP+L's sixth and seventh years. The parts marked (Then) take place over their sixth year (September 1976-July 1977). (Now) Lily rolled over, sighing, as she heard the telephone trill. When Tuney had still lived here, the phone had rung often enough from her room that Lily was rather accustomed to sleeping through it. However, since Petunia had left home for London last year the phone stayed mostly silent, though it had migrated to Lily's room for the rare occasion she needed a phone. Which was why, surprised to hear it ringing at all on a warm summer morning, Lily sighed and blinked at it several times to be certain she wasn't imagining it. On the third ring, Lily quickly snatched the baby pink telephone from its cradle and muttered, "Hullo?" "Greetings, Evans. How are you on this spectacular -uh- Tuesday?" "Who is this?" A pause, as if the caller had not expected not to be recognized and was perhaps a little offended. "It's um... It's Sirius?" A beat. "Sirius Black? Acquaintance and housemate at Hogwarts for the last six years? Ridiculously good looking? Incredibly clever, prominent mischief maker, recipient of many docked points…? Is this ringing any bells?" Now Lily knew she was imagining this. Or perhaps still dreaming. There was not a chance that her pureblood friend knew how to use a phone. "How did you get this number? Moreover, how do you know how to operate a telephone?" "Please, Evans, you know I've taken four years of Muggle Studies. I got an O on the O.W.L. and everything. I know how to use a phone," He said, sounding half amused, half offended. "Hey, sorry, but Potter didn't know what a screwdriver was last term so…" "Well he never did pay attention in Muggle Studies. Incidentally Evans, that is how I got your number." "Because Potter doesn't know a screwdriver from a hole in the floor?" "No, no, darling, you gave it to me in third year. For a Muggle Studies project." Lily shook her head, knowing that this did not fit. "That doesn't sound like something I would have done third year. I distinctly recall you and your mates turning my teeth blue for two days before the end of term." "...Okay, so you might have actually given this number to Remus, since his mum's got a phone, and you might have told him to call you… and I might have nicked the number a while back. In case of emergencies. And then I might have made up a story regarding third year Muggle Studies so you wouldn't sound so befuddled by my ringing you. Basically I am a liar, but I am calling you now, so hello." "Why on Earth would you need to contact me in case of an emergency?" She was joking now. Of course he'd call on her in an emergency. There was slightest of pauses. "Well… we're mates, aren't we?" Lily smiled to herself. Oh Sirius. His swagger really was only skin deep. "I suppose we are mates, aren't we? But the telephone? How did you figure you'd ever need that?" "Because the sound of your melodious voice soothes me, and I perhaps I considered that important for getting through the lonely summer hols." "Very funny," Lily remarked, smiling despite herself. "So, now that we've established how you managed the heroic feat of phoning… why are you phoning? I'm assuming you're not in need of soothing at this moment. You seem your ever-stoic and manly self." "Thank you for that. I am incredibly manly and stoic. Anyway, it just so happens that I am in town and thought perhaps you might permit me an audience later." "You're in Cokeworth?" There was a sigh on the other line like Sirius hadn't anticipated having to do so much explaining when he got Lily on the line. "Er. Well, not technically. Technically, I'm in Wolverhampton, but this nice bloke at the mechanic's tells me that is a rather short journey to Cokeworth." "Dare I ask what brought you to a mechanic?" "I would say that you ought not dare, but as the question is implied, I might gift upon your the riveting tale of heroism and-" "Sirius." "I'm attempting to acquire a part for my motorbike." "You have a motorbike?" Lily asked excitedly, genuinely impressed. Clearly this took priority over her mild annoyance. Sirius was not joking about Muggle Studies. "As of last week, yes. It needs a little work, and I am hoping to make some… erm… improvements to it in the long distance transportation department, but yes. I have one." "Please tell me that you're coming to Cokeworth to show this to me." "Ohhh, so Evans likes a man on a bike, huh?" "I do, I do." Lily laughed. "So do I get to see this marvelous contraption or not?" "I would dare to say yes. Would it be alright if I headed over to yours when I'm finished up here?" "It is safe, right? The part you need isn't missing or destroyed or desperately necessary to the functionality of the motorbike, is it?" "Oh, Evans, I'm touched that you're concerned for my safety, but the part I seek isn't vital. It's merely an attachment that could be most easily…" He paused, though whether for dramatic effect or because someone might have been eavesdropping, she didn't know, "bewitched to make my bike fly." Lily laughed again. "That's either the most brilliant or the most idiotic thing I've heard, Sirius." "It's a gift. So… can I turn up in about an hour?" "Have you cleared it with your wife first? I know I'm not exactly his favorite person right now." Now Sirius laughed. Lily could picture him running a hand through his hair, embarrassed but also pleased at her joke. "Prongs is very busy with his short-term slave labor project, and I have free reign to amuse myself." "Still doing that internship at the Ministry then?" "Who picks the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts office for an internship? Honestly!" "Someone whose best mate is bewitching a motorbike, apparently." Sirius laughed again. "So, pick you up in an hour?" "I'll dig out my best leather chaps for you." "Ciou, Evans." "Later Black." (Then) At the end of their fifth year of Hogwarts, the likelihood of Lily Evans and Sirius Black becoming mates was about as good as Lily Evans accepting James Potter's invitation to Hogsmeade –not bloody likely. The pair of Marauders might have been her housemates, but they were not her friends. Not even after she stopped speaking to Severus had she considered them anything more than a pair of irritants. But at the start of their sixth year, it seemed that the universe had other plans. There were rumors swirling around Hogwarts since the start of term, saying that Sirius Black lived with James Potter's family now. If you asked a Slytherin, they would say that he had been disowned and thrown out. If you asked a Gryffindor, the word on the street was that he had run away and been disowned after the fact. Black, for the most part hadn't commented on the rumors, his head kept uncharacteristically down. Lily noticed that something about the energy of all the Marauders had waned. They were subdued. Whatever had happened, Lily imagined it must have been terrible to bleed into the group of trouble makers as a whole. There hadn't even been any pranks to speak of since the start of the school year. Lily of course, didn't worry too much about all of this. She had more than enough on her mind, considering. She didn't speak to Sev anymore. The war, which had felt like a distant, overblown rumor just two years ago was now a full fledged reality. A few students hadn't returned to Hogwarts this year, their parents claiming that it wasn't safe. And well… when you mix some tension into a warzone, you're bound to find that there are some people who can't sleep at night. And that was what kept Lily Evans staring into the fire in the Gryffindor Common Room at just after one am three weeks into September, arms around her knees, the latest Prophet issue crumpled but not entirely forgotten at her feet. Four people dead in the last week. All Muggleborn. It was getting hard not to picture herself, her name, among their number. The idea had crept into her thoughts and her brain was on such high alert that sleep was a foreign concept as of late. She worried her bottom lip between her teeth, her mind picturing her family. Tuney and Mum, cold and white, dead without a scratch on them... Desperate for a distraction Lily picked the paper up again. She smoothed it out over her knee, and summoned a pencil from her dorm, which zoomed into her hand shortly thereafter. She started to do the crossword until her eyes stung and itched, and she found herself stuck on fourteen down: veruca, oven, spot. The portrait hole swung open violently, and Lily could hear the Fat Lady saying, "Well, really!" Lily looked up to see Sirius Black slouching in, alone, a hand towel pressed to his nose, soaking up blood. He had a swollen cheek, and seemed to be limping. "Are you alright?" She asked, standing up as he crossed the room. "Brilliant," he muttered, heading for the dormitory stairs. He stopped suddenly, to look at the crossword in the dim light of the fire. "Dragon's blood." "What?" "Fourteen down. It's three of the twelve uses of dragon's blood." Lily stared at him, opening her mouth to say something. He shook his head, shaggy black hair moving gracelessly, several strands sticking in the blood on his face. He turned around and headed up the steps. Lily watched him go, but said nothing else. (Now) Approximately forty nine minutes after Sirius's telephone call, Lily was dressed and showered, and chatting idly with her mother over toast in the kitchen. It was sunny that day, and her mother mentioned Petunia's engagement again, with an air of mild disapproval. Neither of the women left in the Evans household were entirely thrilled at the prospect of inviting the Dursleys into the family. Mrs. Evans was rinsing out a mug in the sink when a loud roar of an engine cut through the tranquil quiet of their late morning chat. Lily smiled brilliantly. "That'll be Sirius." Mrs. Evans shook her head, a little amused. "Your friends always have such… unique names." Lily chuckled. "Only the boys, really. The girls have much more -er- normal names. Like, Mary. And Alice. And… er…" She struggled here because the next name that honestly came to mind was Dorcas, which wasn't bizarre so much as uncommon. "Marlene." Mrs. Evans smiled, and Lily took this as permission to leave to meet Sirius outside. As Lily burst through the front door, she was struck by the impressive pose her mate had struck in her driveway. Leather jacket, tight dark jeans, black sunglasses, and a cocky smirk leaning against a gleaming, gorgeous motorbike that glinted in the sun but… something didn't quite fit. It took Lily a moment for the missing piece to become apparent. His hair, typically worn long and elegantly disheveled was… missing. Lily gasped dramatically."Oh-my-God-Sirius! Your hair!" Sirius's smirk wilted a little. "I know." "It's gone!" "I know." "You're almost bald!" "Hey!" "Sorry, sorry… I'm just surprised. What happened? Did you lose a fight with bewitched clippers? Did Po- did James shave your head when you were piss drunk?" "It's not that bad," Sirius pouted. Lily tried to backtrack. "No, no, of course not... you just. Merlin, you look so...