Charlie does the Foxtrot – A new take Summary: Fudge believed that everything was going according to his grand plan when Harry Potter was found guilty of underage magic…. Oh Boy! Was he wrong! Author's Notes: Hi everyone. To answer the immediate question longtime fanfiction readers may have: Yes, this is a remake of the story: 'Charlie does the Foxtrot or Damn the Torpedoes' by Lady FoxFire. She was gracious enough to allow me to give her story a new take on it. This, then, is my view on that story. A few comments on this story: Lady FoxFire's story was initially 4 chapters long. I have kept much of the content intact, adding some additional content when I thought it needed some for later expansion. The original 4-chapter layout has been modified for the purposes of my story. Initially, this story was listed in the Drama category. My take on it is purely humor. Ah, let's face it: this is a crack fic. There will plenty of bad language in here. You have been warned. Hence, the rating I gave it. The settings is the summer after the Tournament in Book 4 and before the start of Book 5. Contrary to popular belief, this story is not about Charlie Weasley. He may or may not be in later chapters. As Lady FoxFire initially stated in her story: "Charlie Foxtrot is a military expression for a clusterfuck." (See… I told you there would be bad language in this story and it has already started.) For those of you uninitiated to this term, it basically represents a situation in which you're screwed… but if you play your cards right, not only will you survive, you'll win and your enemies will lose. Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter series. This is purely for fun. Chapter 1: Shafting Harry Courtroom Ten sucked. Harry really hated being there. Not so much due to the poor lighting but more to the fact that almost all the geezers sitting in their chairs held pompous attitudes like they knew their shit didn't stink or something. Not that they suspected it, but that they knew it. Down the very fiber of their aged and withered bodies. Maybe a few here and there weren't stuck up, but most of them looked to be caught up in themselves. Harry waited for the members of the Wizengamot to hand down their sentence for his supposed crime of underage magic. Not that having to pay a fine was such a lofty sentence. He had remained standing in proud defiance as Umbridge twisted the truth into a poor mockery of itself. At times his eyes would flicker over to the only empty seat among the members of Wizengamot: the seat that Albus Dumbledore normally occupied. He had lost interest in wondering what the big cheese (aka: Albus) found more interesting than helping him get past a trumped up charge. In fact, he had lost interest days ago when the old goat had stuffed him into Sirius's place without so much as a "Here's our game plan." He just opened the door, shucked one bespectacled kid into the house and closed it back up. It wasn't the cupboard under the stairs again – you see, at least at #12 Grimmauld Place he had a library to peruse. Fudge stood proud and adjusted his robes, harrumphing loudly to get the courtroom to settle down. Harry tilted his head slightly to the left as he waited for the foregone conclusion. He may not have been a genius like Hermione, but he was no one's fool, especially when he was about to be railroaded. Fudge unrolled a scroll and looked to the assembled members, then to Harry. "It is the decision of this Wizengamot that the defendant, Harry James Potter has been found guilty of the charge of underage magic and of violating the Statute of Secrecy. Due to the defendant's inability to refrain from using magic around Muggles, it is the decision of this court that Mr. Potter is to be expelled from Hogwarts and his wand is to be snapped." Mutter-mutter, mumble-mumble went the old fossils as if this verdict was a surprise. One of the Wizengamot members looked gently down on Harry and suggested, "If it's at any consolation, Mr. Potter, you don't have to leave the wizard community. To the wizarding world you will be seen as a type of squib… a squib that could use magic… um… if you had a wand… um… which you don't. Well, I mean I'm sure you can find work someplace in our community instead of going back to those nasty muggles. I mean some of the things muggles do are barbaric. I mean, have you ever had to use one of those public loos? You have to turn on a water faucet by yourself. Definitely not proper things anyone should do. You could perhaps find a nice young witch to marry? I know my brother is looking for a nice young wiz… man to wed my niece" Harry tipped his head at the Wizengamot member who had spoken. "Thank you for your words, sir. At this point in time I plan on reviewing my options before I make a decision," Harry replied. Turning Harry looked directly at the Minister. "Is there anything else that must be done or may I leave?" Minister Fudge looked down upon Harry; the disappointment he was feeling over how the young man was behaving evident in his face. He was certain the young man would have been wailing or cursing up a storm. "There is just one thing, Mr. Potter," Fudge said as he held up Harry's wand. "The snapping of your wand." And with that Fudge grasped Harry's wand with both hands and snapped it in half. "The remains of your wand will remain in Ministry custody as evidence of your crimes." Harry nodded his head in acceptance before turning and walking out of Courtroom Ten. -o0o- Harry was just passing the Fountain of Magical Brethren when an older lady called out to him as she hurried towards him. "Mr. Potter, I'm Cathy Wickens of the Daily Prophet," the woman introduced herself when she reached him. "Ah, one of Rita Skeeter's co-workers," The disgust was very evident in his voice as Harry started to walk past the woman. "Well yes and no," Wickens replied, quickly following Harry. "Rita works big stories. She interviews important people. I'm just a simple court reporter." Harry turned to face the reporter. "So you don't add your own spin to your articles?" "Spin? I don't know what your mean Mr. Potter," Wickens replied. "I'm required by law to report court proceedings accurately. What I write is the truth as it's reported in court, nothing more." Harry stared at the woman for a moment before sighing wearily. "So what do you want?" "Well… umm…" Wickens dug up a piece of parchment and her quill. "It's been reported that you were found guilty of underage magic and breaking the Statute of Secrecy and had your wand snapped." "Hmmm…" Harry stood there his arms crossed over his chest. "Well… umm… would you like to comment of your court case?" Wickens asked. Harry bowed his head for a moment, thinking how best to phrase a response before saying, "My verdict showed me just how much the magical community values truth and justice, and that is something that I will take to heart." Harry looked at his watch, then to the elevators. "Now if you will excuse me, I have some matters that I need to deal with." It was a few minutes before 9 o'clock when Albus Dumbledore walked into Courtroom Ten with Arabella Figg following close behind, only to find the courtroom completely empty. Dumbledore took in the empty room before saying, "This is not good." -o0o- Early as it was in the day, Harry took no chance of anyone else recognizing him and grabbed a paper out of a trash can, used a bit of origami and made himself a stinky, smelly and really bad-looking hat. It would suffice until he got to the bank where he found no customers waiting yet. Throwing the hat into a waste can, he approached the teller window. Minutes later, Harry entered the office of the goblin that had served as the family financial advisor for the entire Potter clan in both the Muggle and Magical worlds. This goblin had started in that position back in the mid-1950's when there was much more work to do and profit to acquire as there were many more Potters along with more direction from the heads of the wand user families. Now the Potter clan consisted solely of Harry. "How can Gringotts be of service, Mr. Potter?" the goblin said once Harry had taken a seat in the chair in the front of the goblin's desk. "Well Account Manager Bloodstone, I seem to have come upon a quandary and I would like to know Gringotts' stance on the matter," Harry answered, not hesitating with this statement. "And what exactly is that matter that has you here asking for Gringotts' opinion?" Bloodstone asked. "I'm sure that you've been informed that today I was on trial for underage magic along with breaking the Statute of Secrecy," Harry said. Bloodstone nodded his head. "Yes. I have been informed that the Wizengamot has found you guilty and your wand had been snapped. In fact, we have already received a memo from the Ministry requiring us to seize your account as you are, and I quote, 'no longer considered a wizard and therefore should not have access to wizarding funds'." "They certainly didn't waste time trying to get my funds, did they?" "No sir, they did not," Bloodstone agreed. "Let me guess: requested by Fudge then?" "Actually this was sent to us by the Senior Undersecretary, Umbridge. What is interesting about this request is that she sent it before your trial even started." "No surprise there then. Well, it appears I now have two issues to discuss. First, what is Gringott's stance on the Ministry request?" "They have a right to request that of anyone's account, Mr. Potter. However, we have an equal obligation to refuse unless certain conditions are met, of which breaking the Statute of Secrecy does not meet that condition. Your finances are secure and safe with us, Mr. Potter." Harry let out a breath of relief, unaware that he was holding it in. Harry nodded his head while he spoke. "Thank you for informing me of the Ministry's latest attempt to do me harm. And it is the Ministry that is the source of my bigger issue. You see after my third year at Hogwarts I developed an interest in magical laws in an effort to find a way to force the Ministry to having a trial for my godfather, Sirius Black, who was imprisoned in Azkaban for over a decade without first being tried and convicted." Harry didn't notice Account Manager Bloodstone's eyes go wide at the implication that a prominent account was held in stasis, earning no profit for the owner or the bank for a decade, due to wizards being so lazy they couldn't even find the time to try a person in absentia. He made a note of this while his account owner continued supplying background information for the question that was coming. Harry continued, "So this past school year I took it upon myself to read up on the laws governing magical citizens whenever I had a chance. One particular law stood out in my mind and that is that no person under 17 years of age can stand before the Wizengamot unless they are being tried for the crime of murder or treason. It was the opinion of the times the law was written that the members of the Wizengamot were too busy dealing with other matters, so trials before Wizengamot were reserved for adult matters only,"