"I think a part of me was always waiting for you " -Unknown Prologue Tuesday, August 10th, 1999 *Dear Mother,* *I hope this letter finds you well. I still haven't received a response from you or Father. I am worried. Please reply soon.* *Sincerely,* *Draco * Tuesday, August 24th, 1999 * Dear Mother,* *Please respond. I know you and Father were angry with me, I do hope you understand. I just need to know you're safe.* *Your Son,* *Draco * Tuesday, September 24th, 1999 *Dear Mother,* *I don't know what to do without you. I am lost. Please come back. I don't even know where you are, but I hope this letter finds you. I miss you. You have always been there for me. I know I disappointed you, I hope you can forgive me. It's killing me to go on without you here.* *Draco * Tuesday, December 14th, 1999 *Mother,* *Im starting to lose my mind. Please come home. I have never felt this lonely. Are you even reading my letters? I'm so lost. I know I screwed up, but you have to know I wasn't happy. I attempted to go to the lighting ceremony, I know how much you loved it. I foolishly thought maybe I would see you. Mother, please, I beg of you, please come home.* *Your Son,* *Draco * Tuesday, January 4th, 2000 *Happy New Years, Mother. I hope you are well .* Tuesday, March 7th, 2000 *Dear Mother,* *I don't know why I continue to torture myself so, week after week. You never write me, I can only assume you don't read any of my letters. I never knew you to be heartless, but you are slowly killing me .* Tuesday, June 20th, 2000 *Mother,* *I am done begging. To save my sanity I am just going to tell you about my days. It's the only way I can survive. You have left me completely alone, I have no one.* *I've begun working for the Ministry for Magic. Specifically in the Improper Use of Magic Office. I feel it is the best place for me, given my knowledge of Dark Magic and objects. I have also moved out of the Manor, I can not stand to be there any longer. Your memory plagues me and I am not strong enough to fight it anymore.* *Draco * Tuesday, August 8th, 2000 *Dear Mother,* *This past week I was asked to consult on an auror mission concerning an old spell book they deemed to be suspicious. I was very nervous. I was assigned to work with Harry Potter. My smug confidence I used to have in my youth felt so wrong, given my current metal state of late. I felt the need to impress him with how much I have changed. Even though I can barely get through the days, it is important to me to show that I am an honorable man. I will not disappoint anyone else, I promise. I just want to make someone proud., .* *It has been one full year since I have seen you last. I still miss you. I love you. I please ask that you come home,Mother. I need you.* *Draco * Tuesday, December 26th, 2000 * Mother,* *I hope your Christmas was well .* Tuesday, February 13th, 2001 *Dear Mother,* *I have started writing your letters at the Leaky Cauldron. She works at the Ministry as well. I did not know that previously, I should have known better. I have become friends with Potter. I'm not sure if you or Father would approve, but since you are not here, how much worse of a Son could I possibly be, I figured. She has drinks with the bartender, Hannah, every Tuesday. I find that odd since that is the day that I dedicate to you. I miss you. Looking at her makes me feel better and worse at the same time. Potter let it slip she comes every Tuesday like clockwork. I believe he knows of my affections, but has never said anything about it. I have no hope that anything will ever occur, I don't even know what hope is anymore.. . * Chapter 1- The Ball. Tuesday, April 30th, 2002 Draco sat where he has always sat during his lunch break; in the Ministry cafeteria, fourth booth, second row. He liked even numbers he thought, there was always something so right about an even number. "Malfoy." "Potter. What, no Weasel?" He smirked as he said his old nickname for his childhood rival. They had long since buried that hatchet, trading it in for easy banter. "Working through lunch. Can you believe it?" Harry said as he took a seat. "No, I can't actually." And he couldn't. Weasel's obsession with food was ridiculous. "So, going to the Charity Ball Saturday?" For a moment Harry thought Draco looked nervous, but it was quickly replaced by that mask he always seemed to have up. "I haven't been to one to date, why go to this one?" "Oh I don't know, socialization, good times, a bit of drinking never hurt anyone! C'mon, everyone's going. You might actually enjoy yourself for once in your miserable life. Said only with affection of course." "Of course." Draco sneered. " I don't know, I'm not really friends with everyone ." You worry too much. I know you received an invitation, I'm putting you on the guest list! No!" He said as Draco started to protest. "See you there... maybe you could wear a red tie?" "... I'm sorry. What?" " A tie. A piece of male clothing worn for fashion. Surely you weren't planning on wearing Slytherin green were you?!" As opposed to Gryffindor red?! Laughable." "Whatever Malfoy, see you Saturday." And as quickly as he came, Harry was gone. Gryffindor red. *Please.* The Charity Ball. Draco never considered going. It wouldn't hurt he supposed. Not like he had anything better to do with his time. Guess he now had plans for Saturday. He felt ridiculous. His nerves were definitely getting the better of him as he dressed for the evenings events. He couldn't help but admit he was a bit excited to actually have plans for once, even if it was just the Annual Ministry Charity Ball. He'd even went out and bought a red tie, if for no other reason than to aggravate Harry, Draco looked so much better in it. And he must admit it looked every nice with his choice of attire. He'd chosen all black, his suit made of cashmere. He loved the feel of it. Looking good only added to confidence, which he found he was in lack of these days. Where did that cocky twelve year old go? As he slid on his dress shirt, he caught sight of the Mark of this left arm. His Dark Mark was now slightly faded, and scarred from his desperate attempts to remove it; all fruitless efforts of course. Not wanting to look at it any longer, he quickly dressed and adorned his red tie. Here goes nothing he thought. He grabbed a handful of floo powder and headed to the Ministry. Once he stepped out of the floo, he brushed himself free of any soot and headed to the atrium where the party was being held. He took a moment to look around, impressed with what they had accomplished. Cascading gold fabrics had been draped overhead, making the place look small, yet grand at the same time. Tables had been set up all around the perimeter with a dance floor in the middle. A bar was also along the far side, which made him smile in relief. He could use a little something to take the edge off. He walked over and ordered a firewhiskey. While he was waiting for his drink he turned to watch over the crowds of people, searching for anyone he knew. Well, anyone he knew that would tolerate speaking to him. Ever since the war ended, Draco had been trying to rebuild himself and his family name as trustworthy and honorable. Still, prejudice went both ways. He spotted Harry and casually walked over, as to not look desperate. "Malfoy you made it! And what is that you're wearing?!" "A tie, do I need to elaborate? Honestly I thought you were smarter than this? You're supposed to be The Chosen One after all." "Gryffindor red no less!" Said Ginny, who had her arm around Harry. "I must say you wear it well." "Of course I do." "Ahh, there's the Malfoy I know." She said with a smile as she allowed him her cheek for a quick kiss. "Oi there Mates!" Ron said as he walked up with Lavender on his arm. "Well I'll be damned." He said as he looked to Draco. "Red." He said with, what was that? Shock? " Weasel. Mrs. Weasel" Draco said as he pecked Lavenders cheek. " Honestly Malfoy, I'm surprised. Never thought I'd see the day." "Yea, yea, thank Potter over here." Ron then handed Harry ten galleons. Draco let his confusion show on his face. Harry smirked, but didn't say anything more to elaborate. "Harry, which ones our table? I'm starved!" "You're always starved Ron." Said Lavender with obvious affection. The group made their way over to a table near the front of the room. Each table was set for eight. Draco wondered who the rest of the guests were going to be. Draco mostly just listened to the foursome chatter about random things, offering a nod or smile when necessary. He was truly enjoying himself, he wasn't miserable or anything, just during moments like these he always felt like the outsider. He was lost in thought, and had barely noticed Neville walk up with Hannah Abbott and take their seats. "Malfoy!" Neville said with... shock? That seemed to be the reaction of the evening. " Red! I never would've thought-" "Yes, yes. Gryffindor red." Draco cut him off as he rolled his eyes. "Honestly it's just a bloody tie." As Draco said this Neville handed over Harry ten galleons. "Seriously, Potter! This was a bet?! How many more people are making you money off me tonight?!" Harry didn't bother to acknowledge Draco's outburst and continued to make small talk as if nothing were out of the ordinary. That made seven. Still one seat... oh no. Her. Of course it's going to be her, how stupid can you be? He thought to himself. And the only available seat was next to him. He wondered just how rude it would be to ask to switch seats with someone, anyone at the table. Just as he was mentally cursing his stupidity he heard Ginny gasp. "Well look who finally showed up." Harry said. Draco was afraid to turn. However, out of sheer weakness he finally did, and oh my word did it make his chest hurt. His breath felt like it had been taken away instantly as he watched Hermione Granger walk towards them. She wore a stunning floor length red dress of chiffon that flowed effortlessly as she walked. One shoulder was strapless, while the other had a wide strap that made the dress hug all the right places. The dress had a high waisted cut, and also had a wide black lace overlay that surrounded her stomach just under her breasts, almost as a makeshift belt, making her waist look petite and her legs look endless; and he was sure it also made her ass look divine. He also noticed she was wearing black peep toe heels. She was simply exquisite. She walked right up to the only empty seat at their table and gave a smile that made him melt. "Sorry I'm a little late!" She said breathless. "I was working until the last minute trying to get-" "Hey! No work discussions tonight!" Ron butt in. "All that can start up on Monday, for now let's just enjoy the evening." "Yes, of course. You're right." She said,