The premise for this is "consistent-character!Harry Potter" based on his "Pre-Ron" characterisation. And by that, I mean the way Harry is described at the beginnings of the books (particularly in the beginnings of 1-3... see my profile for chapter citations... and in any other scenes in the books which are most reflective of Harry's fundamentals) before Rowling started writing Harry with lines of thought and dialogue which sound more like they were originally written for Ron. As such, we see a Harry who is VERY interested in reading his schoolbooks, keen on learning everything there is to know about magic, and keen on doing his homework in a timely fashion - in other words, someone who has loads more in common with Hermione than Ron. And as such, we will also see a Harry who is more consistent in his behaviour regarding being very anti-bully, anti-bigot, anti-slavery, and very pro-fairness, not to mention being a fair bit smarter than he sometimes behaves when he's hanging around with Ron. So there will be no Rowling style Out-of-Character moments where Harry goes from being someone who treats Dobby likes an equal, feels bad about house-elf enslavement, actually frees Dobby from house-elf enslavement, and then suddenly turns into Brainwashed-by-Ron!Harry who thinks Hermione is crazy for wanting to free house-elves two books later. And also no moments where Harry isn't smart enough to be suspicious of a super-expensive broom appearing out of nowhere when an alleged mass-murderer is hunting him. Nor will Harry be stupid enough to test out unknown spells discovered written in the margins of an otherwise very useful book on unsuspecting people. In other words, again, a Harry who tends to have far more in common with Hermione in terms of goals, intellect, and basic outlook on life. Which isn't to say that Harry will be "Brainiac!Harry" who is a clone of Hermione - he will still have a more intuitive/visual style of intellect rather than a verbal/linear one, his memory will be normal - not eidetic, and he will still have a measure of impulsiveness, and some anger issues, all of which are strong features of Harry's core persona. Likewise, in this series of moments, we'll see a more consistent-character!Hermione. A Hermione who once she learns to trust Harry's friendship and instincts, doesn't suddenly do inconsistent things like talking to McGonagall about suspicious broomsticks before discussing it with Harry, or stupid uncharacteristic things, like not believing Harry's all-too-credible deduction that a Son-of-a-Death-Eater, with serious Daddy-Issues, is very likely following in his father's DE footsteps. Nor will Hermione be doing stupid OoC things like falling for an idiot with a motor-mouth, or going to a party with a gropey-rapey jock (McLaggen) just to make that same idiot jealous... i.e. Hermione won't be portrayed as one of "those girls," a smart assertive girl who inexplicably falls for idiots who treat her like crap all time, and who never really show any appreciation for her unless she's doing their homework for them. No doubt some folk will think my characterisation of Ron is "bashing," (someone always does :P ) but frankly, it is based on Rowling's OWN portrayal of him. And Rowling does not treat Ron's character kindly (when it comes right down to it, she's the original Ron Basher, which is one of the things that really makes the Ron/Hermione pairing truly bizarre). Oddly enough, Ron is one of the most consistently written characters in the original series. Anyway, Ron will be depicted in this fic with all of his canon faults, but also with all of his more positive canon traits. Likewise, the relationship between Harry and Ron in this fic will have its ups and its downs, much as it did in canon. Due to the fact that Rowling has stated that she downplayed the physical abuse of Harry by the Dursleys, at the behest of publishers who had her alter earlier drafts, I have simply reinstated the obvious, which is apparent from the bits Rowling left intact - see my profile for chapter citations. So there will be a bit more mention of it than in canon, simply for the sake of realism, but I'm not going to go overboard on it either. Due to these sorts of changes, some canon events may be altered more significantly than others, and some other characters may respond accordingly, perhaps even adjusting their own behaviour patterns due to altered perceptions of Harry and Hermione. Other characters will more or less follow the exact same course of behaviours that they engage in canonically. There are also a couple of characters who have also been adjusted to be more consistent with their initial characterisations (Dumbledore and Fudge in particular). And a few other characters will be slightly revisioned to give some actual credence to Rowling's after-the-fact claim that the Potter series is LGBT positive - some characters will be bi or gay. This is also a Fem positive fic. And finally, the full implications of the "his mothers eyes" trope will be explored more in depth. There are a few surprises in store, because I don't like to tag every idea I employ. It's too spoilery that way. So be prepared for some twists that you might not expect. It's worth pointing out that those who have read my other fic, Hermione's Furry Little Problem, will recognise many scenes, particularly from Fourth Year on, as I am shamelessly plundering my own material, Though the scenes have all been rewritten for a Harry/Hermione-only pairing - there have also been numerous other revisions: expanded scenes, added scenes, deleted scenes, general clean-up and clarifications, different pairings, etc... All of that material was originally intended for a Harry/Hermione-only fic like this one to begin with. As the story progresses, particularly from Fourth Year on, some mature and serious themes come into play (sex - because, Teens! - and violence) but they will continue to be written in a manner appropriate for the Teen rating (PG-13, TV-14, occasionally veering into slightly R territory. Appropriate warnings at the beginnings of the chapters). I would like to point out to Guest Reviewers that I have no issue with negative reviews, but I like to respond to them. However I have no intention of cluttering up the story with responses. Please get an account so that we can discuss the issues, or be prepared to potentially have your reviews deleted-especially if they are obviously just Troll "Reviews." ~o0oOo0o~ Know-It-Alls and Broomsticks Harry was tired of listening to Ron going on about the "Bossy Little-Know-it-All," but he really wasn't sure how to tell him. Ron was his best friend. Nobody had ever wanted to be Harry's friend before Ron, so Harry wasn't entirely certain how to tell a friend to stop being a jerk. Yeah, it was true, Hermione Granger was a bit bossy, but Harry didn't see what was wrong with being smart. He'd read all of his own schoolbooks before term started, which had all been very interesting, and he wanted to know everything there was to know about magic. Losing a point in his first ever Potions lesson for suggesting that Professor Snape let Hermione respond to the questions when she clearly knew the answers had been particularly galling. Harry had read his potions book, and he had read One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi , but he couldn't remember everything he'd read. Maybe Snape wouldn't hate him so much if Harry had been able to remember everything and answered the questions properly. Harry had meant to ask Hermione if she had any tips for improving his memory, but then he'd forgotten all about it after visiting Hagrid's hut and seeing the newspaper clipping about the Gringotts break-in. Before Harry knew it, another week had almost gone by and the next time he had noticed Hermione was on the Thursday that the Gryffindors had their first Flying Lessons together. He had noticed how terrified Hermione had seemed of her broom. Then that creepy little bully with the blond hair - the one who thought he was better than everyone else, Draco Malfoy - had stolen Neville's Remembrall. Harry had grabbed his broom, ready to go after him and Hermione had tried to stop him. " No - Madam Hooch told us not to - you'll get us all in trouble," she had shouted. Harry had almost ignored her completely, but then he remembered that he wanted to talk to her later and noticed that she looked like she was about to cry. "Look - Malfoy's the one causing trouble Hermione. You have to stand up to bullies - if you don't, they think that they can get away with anything." That had seemed to work. Hermione had looked conflicted for a moment, then she had nodded. "Just be careful Harry - I don't want you to get hurt or get blamed unfairly." Of course, when McGonagall had stormed out of the castle furiously, it had seemed for a short while that Harry would get into loads of trouble. And Hermione's voice had been one among the chorus of voices trying to tell the stern professor that it wasn't Harry's fault. Hermione had seemed quite appalled when she noticed that Malfoy's part in things had gone unremarked on while Harry had been unceremoniously dragged off by Professor McGonagall - possibly to get expelled. Of course, things hadn't worked out like that at all; to Harry's great surprise, he had been drafted onto the Gryffindor Quidditch Team instead. Harry had been very happy not to be expelled, and he had been thrilled to learn that he was good at something his father had also excelled at. But then things had gone all wrong again - and in retrospect, Harry had to question McGonagall's decision to hold the threat of punishment over his head to make sure that he trained hard at Quidditch. At the time, Harry had been too excited by the prospect of being on the team to consider how much that might cut into his study time. In any case, Harry had begun to seriously question his own decisions. It had been thoroughly stupid to allow himself to be goaded into an after-curfew Wizard's Duel with Draco Malfoy. What did Harry know about dueling? They had been running from Filch in the middle of the night, and just as Hermione was gasping "I - told - you," and clutching at a stitch in her side, Harry had remembered that he barely knew any spells at all, and that he wanted Hermione to give him some study tips. Yet there he had been, gallivanting around the castle in the middle of the night simply for the sake of showing Malfoy up. Harry hadn't even had the justification of standing up to bullying that time. Harry had seen Hermione's distress and ignored it. "Malfoy tricked you," she had reproached him. "You realise that, don't you? He was never going to meet you - Malfoy must have tipped Filch off..." "You're right Hermione," Harry had replied, interrupting her, shame written all over his face. "I'm sorry - I should have listened to you..." Hermione's eyes had widened in surprise at being acknowledged and apologised to, as if it were an extremely rare occurrence. And Ron had given Harry a strange look - as if Harry was a nutter for apologising to Hermione Granger - the Bossy Know-It-All. Then Peeves the Poltergeist had shown up and Ron had idiotically taken a swipe at him. After running into the room with that mad giant three-headed dog thing to escape Filch once more, Hermione had been infuriated all over again. "We could have been killed," Hermione had snapped, glaring at Ron when they had returned to the Gryffindor Common Room, "or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed. "No, we don't mind," Ron had said to Hermione, glowering as she stormed off, "You'd think we'd dragged you along..." he had snarled at