Due to the ever-growing number of PM's to my account asking whether or not this story would ever be coming back and spending an agonizing amount of time locating all of the chapters from older machines and thumb-drives; plus, updating each chapter found to the most current version of it I have…I have decided to revamp it and re-post it. However, please note that I will now be focusing solely on this work alone unless inspiration comes to my muse and allows me to get over my massive writer's block. You may consider all my newly posted works and others on temporary only work that is exempt from this is possibly my newest fic in the realm of the Dragon Age World created by Bioware. Secondly, the changes in the beginning will be minor and hardly noticeable at all from the original other than a few small factors. One of the factors is how Harry's mind-set will change and his views about his heritage and powers. Now, on with the show… Chapter I: Realization Harry had been back at Number Four Privet Drive for the summer after this third year at Hogwarts for nearly a week now. The young wizard had seen many changes in this time he had been there and some of the changes he had created by himself out of necessity for his own survival there. Harry had gotten his relatives to at least acknowledge him finally even if they did so from some of their own indifference or negativity towards magic and magic-users. They did not have to accept him; Harry never expected them to do this fully after so long despite that this is what family should do, but for them to at least acknowledge he existed and to treat him as a human being more was a bit of progress. It was the first time in remembrance Harry had been allowed to eat as normal being there and to do other family things with them as long as he didn't annoy them too much. Whenever he was alone; he was either in his room with his belongings there this time or outside wandering the neighborhood. Harry had also begun to review all his previous work from the last three years. He had begun to realize that the dark lord and his followers wanted him for some reason and his lack of good studying skills might not be such a good thing. Why they wanted him of all people; it was anyone's guess, but they did and Harry needed to stop playing dumb. He knew from overhearing several conversations of his professors that neither his mum or dad had been average in their work and they were concerned for him because of his lack of confidence and or his laziness in regards to studying. Harry snorted to that thought. A lack of self-confidence would be normal in any person if they grew-up the way he had here. Still, Harry knew he could do much better than he had been before, and without Dudley there to hold him back because of Vernon and Petunia…he had every reason to become the best he could. He had learned last year that his parent's friend had sold them out in a grab for power because of his jealousy to the power they did have and he could not match, so he knew the dark lord would be back to get him if the headmaster was right and he truly was not as dead as they liked to believe. Tonight though he was resting from his studying as it was his birthday and he had over-done it the last few days. It was nearing midnight and the hour of his birth approached. Harry was waiting for the owls of his friends. The owls had come and flown in gently. He recognized most of them, but two of them he did not. Harry shrugged and figured they would not be harmful if he had touched them and wasn't harmed in some way unless he had to open it first. He was not totally ignorant of the fact that his mail could be intercepted and lined with port-keys…a method of travel he had read of recently and was wary to. But, if they had been lined with them; he had no way to disable them either. Harry's magic had grown quite stronger due to the studying he had done, and while he could not practice his spells at home due to the underage magic restrictions; he could just tell somehow it had. He was done playing dumb and he was also done being Albus's pawn for the war. He would settle it his way now as he ought to. Harry sat on the bed and opened Ron's present first. Hey mate, Hope those relatives of yours have been treating you okay. Happy birthday, Harry. I'm sorry things didn't work out as they should have with Padfoot, but don't worry; it'll be better soon enough I'm sure. Anyways, I got you a set of your favorite chocolate when we had to go to town for something at Gringotts earlier in the summer. Mum said you should eat more. Oh yeah, and Dad got tickets to the Quidditch World Cup this year from work. One for all of us and you and Hermione. Mum already asked the headmaster and he said you could go, so we'll be there to pick you up next week. Cheers. Ron Harry smiled at this. It was great to go to something like this after last year's horrible ending. He then opened a bit of chocolate as he unfolded Hermione's letter. Dear Harry, Happy Birthday! I hope your summer hasn't been too bad and that the Dursley's are being tolerable. Did you already read Ron's letter? What am I saying, of course you have? Probably to get Pig to settle down and quit annoying Hedwig… I sent you several books that you seemed interested in last year when we snuck to Hogsmeade, but then Ron dragged you off to the candy store. I hope you enjoy them, as I know you planned to study harder this summer. While I wholeheartedly approve of these actions; I also know that the teachers would likely never approve of you reading the books I sent, so I figured if you wanted them…you'd need to get them yourself. So, I saved you the trouble. Know that if the dark lord truly isn't as dead as we think; then I approve even more of your actions for whatever they are worth despite the scowls we will receive whenever they find out about this. Anyways, I am already ecstatic to be able to see you again for the World Cup and the rest of the summer with Ron and his family. Mine's been normal enough. I hope you won't encounter too much trouble from your relatives about leaving early. Honestly, I think they'll be glad…they really should grow up and start treating you better. Sorry about that, but they just make me so mad. Well, anyways, I'll see you soon and hang in there. Love your friend and sister without blood, Hermione Harry had to chuckle now. You could always tell the difference in the letters between his friends not only because of the handwriting on them. Ron's missive was so casual and open, whereas Hermione's was more proper and educated sounding. He didn't mind it at all; it was just funny to him to see, but that's how they were. He decided to write them back right then. Ron and Hermione, I am sure both of you are at Ron's place by now, so I guessed two letters to the same home was a waste of parchment. Thank you for the gifts, especially the third book in the stack Hermione. They're great and I appreciate them. Oh, and don't tell anyone what you bought me…those books are…you know. Anyhow, the Dursley's and I have come to an understanding of sorts. They have been better this summer for the time being, and I am sure you are glad to hear this. The World Cup sounds great and I am excited already. But then again, with how much I love flying and Quidditch; that's no surprise to either of you, I'm sure. When I see both of you again, I do need to talk to you both about something important. Please don't mention it to your parents Ron or to the Headmaster. I know this is odd from me, but trust me; it will make sense after I see you. Your friend, Harry Harry then looked to the one owl that might belong to another friend. He was cautious as he wasn't certain, and he did not want to be caught in a trap of some kind. He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Ginny's name at the bottom and smiled before he read the letter. Hi Harry, Happy Birthday! I hope it has been a good one. I sent you a blank journal to write in…I know what you're thinking about this, but no…it's not cursed this time. I had dad check it just in case. I just…I know you are under a lot of pressure and thought that perhaps you felt you needed something besides Ron and Hermione to confide in. People do not always tell their friends everything about them; despite what others will say. Perhaps writing things down will allow you to look back at them with more clarity and realize where things could be changed to avoid future mistakes. I do care about you as friend Harry; you saved me from the basilisk and the chamber nearly a year ago now after all. I want you to be happy. On another note, I need to tell you something. You're the only one who I can confide in about this as we did experience the chamber incident together… You do know Lucius Malfoy placed the diary in my cauldron. Well, it seems his son had no idea of it, and was quite irritated by it when he found out by accident through me. Draco wanted to be your friend, but he doesn't really have any true ones, so he doesn't exactly know how to go about making them. But the real shocker here is…Draco likes me Harry, as in that he wants to court me and become betrothed when we are a bit older. His father is a concern for both of us in the matter, so he has hidden the fact from him. Draco doesn't know how to express himself well and so he usually acts in anger or jealousy. He did to you because you refused his friendship, and then you seemed to be close to me as well. I know you might say this is dangerous, but Draco and I have been having secret correspondence. He says he wants away from his father's evil, but he doesn't know how to obtain it. He said he's tried to leave twice now and failed. I hope he's alright, despite everything between all of us. To be honest, even though I had a crush on you; I also felt drawn in some way to Draco. I think we might be soul-mates, but I cannot be certain. I want you to talk to me at my house in private when you get here about this more. I do not feel safe revealing so much in a letter and I know I have already written and said too much as it is. Your friend forever, Ginny Harry was staring at the letter in shock. Draco still wanted his friendship and he had become so mean because he thought he refused it and was interested in Ginny? This discovery was striking to say the least. If the words were true, and Draco admitted them to him; Harry would vouch for him and get him away from his crazy family somehow. His plans for the