A/N: I have been away for some time due to a lot of reasons. Firstly, the majority of my unfinished but posted works were taken down due to my laptop's hard-drive crashing several months ago and wiping most; if not nearly all my files from it. I have reclaimed many of them and are quite assured they are untouched by corruption or a virus, but there is no telling when I will be able to begin the process of re-posting them. I want to do an overhaul of them and revamp many of the pre-existing documents. So, in the meantime, I have come up with this story that will hopefully please both new readers and some of the people who read my works before. Warning: This is a slash story, meaning there is at least one pairing where both genders are male and in a consensual and active sexual relationship. If this bothers you; please turn back the page. This work will also be rated M for Mature readers for safety. Some scenes may border on NC-17, but it is unlikely. Other than this, there will be use of foul language and sexual innuendo, violence, mentions of rape and other assorted themes. Please note that I do not advocate domestic violence and/or rape. They are serious and most heinous acts against anyone. But, they're also topics that are sorely not discussed even if they should be. I prefer to be open and honest in my writing. While these subjects do tend to offend people, it will not prevent me from writing them nor using them to advocate the seriousness of how atrocious they are. It may not appear this way; not at first, as this is a new story, but I warn any reader now to be cautious of how far you think you can read. Chapter 1 : New Resolve It had been four years since he had graduated Hogwarts with high honors and then was swept away for training by only few who were in the know. Four years that had changed him; mentally, emotionally, physically and more. He did not often reminisce about those days, as they more and more frequently served to anger him. He had known from early on that he needed to be wary of those he became close to; even at eleven before he had ever set a foothold into the school. He had never trusted adults much due to how he was reared, and then when he was brought back into the magical world; his own world flipped upside down and inside out. He had thought that he knew who was friend and who was foe by now…but, that seemed to be false. His whole life seemed to be attracted to attention and danger. At twenty-one, he longed for a time of peace and he was about to ensure it. But his way to ensure peace would no doubt get the ire of many who he once trusted. They would fight it and and die for it if necessary. Standing at nearly 5 feet and 11 inches tall with a lean frame meant for dueling, Lord Harry James Potter-Black was an intimidating figure to most. His magic resonated outside his body and all knew his power now. Sadly, the wizard world was about to know his fury from it too. He was about to teach those who used people the consequences of that. He sat before the fire of Potter Manor's study and held a glass of wine in one hand as the other held a parchment letter. It was old and dated, but he knew it to be important. And it had been; more than he ever thought was possible. Our son, Harry…there are so many things that your father and I wish to put into this letter for you to know of. So many things that both your father and I wish we could tell you in person. However, by the time you read this; we will have been long gone from your life and you will have grown into an adult. If I have estimated correctly on the time delay spell I used, you will now be in your early twenties. I wish we could have had you open this sooner, but…it is what it is. Harry, you know by now of your place in the wizard world. A place you may hate and object to. I do not blame you, and know that had James and I survived; we would have shielded you from the press and so much more for the fame you hold. But you should know that your place was preordained by Fate and Mother Magic. I had the gift of the Sight. I saw our demise and your role to the world after our deaths. Of Albus and his Order's betrayal to our wishes for you. Even though we are no longer there to guide you…we wish you to know that we would like you to be strong and grow into a wizard who respects his powers. To use your fame as respectably as you can and do what you must to ensure you live to full happiness. But this letter is not to make you feel guilt or sadness. It is for warning you. I do not know how much of me has been told to you. As I mentioned above, I was a gifted Seer and I foresaw our demise long before the prophecy was given to us after you were mere hours old. James and I tried to avert it, but we failed. In the days after we were told of it; I had several visions of the future. Of the war and of life after it. Our Heir…do not trust Albus to care for you and your estates. He has been scheming for decades to ensure he has a hold to it and he cannot be allowed. James and I did not wish to believe it; not at first, but things changed so quickly after he heard you speaking parseltongue as a toddler. Yes, your gift was not from whatever happens when he attacks. It was born within you. James thinks it must be from the old Peverell blood in his line. We do not know. You will command magic like no other in recent times and be on par with the one who you are supposed to defeat. You have the potential to awaken the old blood and you must in order to protect yourself. Harry, our precious boy, know that no matter what you do; James and I will always love you as our son. Even if you must turn to the Dark for aid and to avert prophecy; we will always love you. Trust your magic to guide you and your instincts; they will not fail you. We have no hold on you and your life, so know that your choices will never make us see you as anything less than our son. Love, Mum and Dad His eyes had read this letter more than ten times by now over the last week. He did not know what to believe. He wanted to think of the Headmaster and himself as reconciled, but the letter had once more brought questions he had buried. Questions that had remained there even after the death of Albus Dumbledore. Now, he questioned again and knew some were continuing what Albus began. He did not know who, but he would find out and he would exact his revenge to those who had hurt and used him. "Dobby." He said softly The small house-elf who had helped him years ago popped in and bowed, "Master Harry?" Harry stood tall and with his shoulders straight, "I am heading to Gringotts Bank to verify some information I received. After I leave here, I want you to disconnect all of the floo channels besides this one. I want this one to remain open to me only and any guests I may bring back. Just so you know, one of them might be Lucius Malfoy." Dobby nodded, "Master is kind for telling Dobby this. Is there anything else?" Harry considered, "I want you to begin to thoroughly check any mail for me for things like compulsions and love potions as well as unauthorized port-keys and dangerous magic. The news I received leads me to think there are some who plot to take my estates. Have Winky notified that she is to prepare my meals alone and to serve them to me only until otherwise told not to. Her sister Viola and the new elf Ori; they can serve any guests that come through. Have them be hyper-vigilant of potions that alter moods or behaviors as much as poisons." "I do not wish to chance potions in my food." Harry said with seriousness Dobby nodded, "I will take care of this, Master Harry." Harry smiled, "Thank you my friend, your service has been a godsend to me in these last few years. I would never have adjusted so well to high-society without you and Winky to help me when my trainers simply confused me." Dobby's eyes misted to the words, "It has been our honor to serve, Master Harry. You saved us from abuse and more. It is the least we can be doing." Harry nodded and then apparated out as Dobby vanished to begin his tasks. Harry appeared before the large marble building with a grimace and knew the goblins were still angry with him from years ago when he and his supposed friends broke into the back and into the Lestrange vault. It had been five years and while they had the majority of the horcruxes; Riddle came to find out of their searching. He moved the ones he could around nearly constant to confuse them. Harry had since had the quest halted and said he needed time to re-organize how to go about this, so they would be safe. His 'friends' had agreed, but it had been weeks now and they were beginning to wonder. Harry had no intention of collecting the rest nor the desire to tell them, as they would protest. Harry smirked to himself, ' Maybe a bargain can be reached. He wants them back and to safeguard them more swiftly. I have them at the manor and in one of the most heavily warded areas of my home.' He then nodded to himself and made his face blank before flaring his magic outward and to dangerous level, so it appeared as if he was highly agitated and angry. People nearby skittered off with gasps as he walked up the steps. When he entered the foyer, the whole room paused as they turned to gaze at him warily. Both wizards, witches and goblins alike. "I demand an audience with Director Ragnok of Gringotts on a matter that is most confidential. If the goblins of this bank all value their honor, you will heed my request." Harry said firmly with a voice that rang of cold and ice as his magic then fluctuated for effect. The teller goblin paled and then whispered to another who ran off into the halls. Harry waited as his magic continually flared and he kept his indifference to them all. He noted that Fleur was working today and had paled when he entered and asked for the audience. He wondered if she knew of something or if it was simply his massive aura that had unnerved her. She knew of his power; she had married Bill after all and he was considered a part of their family. However, he had never had it flared to such a degree before near her. He would wait and watch to see what happened. Harry also now questioned to himself on the genuineness of his adopted family to him. One the other side of the bank, Lord Malfoy stood and was positively stiff in his posture. He had his mask on, but Harry