Theseus Jackson: the Son of Neptune 3rd person pov August 18, 1993 In the waiting room in a stuffy hospital three men, brothers actually though you could never tell from their looks the oldest looked like he lived in a villa in Italy with pale olive skin and obsidian black hair his onyx eyes seemed to pierce into your soul, the next oldest looked like he spent his life on the beach in Florida raven hair a deep tan and eyes that looked like the sea after a storm calm serene and deep, deep green, the youngest though the only one with gray in his hair looked like the business men you see on Wall Street a suit tie and gleam in his lightning blue eyes that seems to read if he should hire you at his office or ask his body guard to get you out of his way. These three men are the 'Big Three' from greek myth Hades, Poseidon, and Zeus to say Poseidon was nervous would be an under statement he and his brothers had just one year ago decided that the oath they had made seventy years before could be in error so they changed it to no more than two children and here was Poseidon having twins but something was special about these twins unlike his last set Chryasor and Pegasus one was roman and the other greek " Di Imortallis Poseidon your more nervous about this than you were about Triton!" Hades Exclaimed " Shut up Hades you were nervous to when you and Maria had Nico and Bianca (here they are twins)!" Poseidon defended "brothers both of you calm down." Zeus said calmly the doctor walks in "umm, Mr. Olympos Ms. Jackson will see you now I am happy to tell you that you are the father of two twin boys." He says " Thank you doctor." Poseidon walks down the hall and into Sally's room and knocks quietly *knock knock* "come in." He hears as he opens the door "hello beautiful." He says quietly as not to wake the children she holds in her arms "hi." She says as he walks to her side "which one is roman?" He says as she lifts one up towards him she says "this one his name is Theseus Romulus Jackson" he takes him in his arms "Theseus? That was the name of my first demigod son yes?" "Yes this one is Perseus Achilles Jackson." She says as he sets Theseus in the cradle and takes Percy in his arms "hmm Perseus? The destroyer." "What?" Sally asks perplexed by his words "oh sorry my love, its his name Perseus when translated from greek its the destroyer." "Oh, okay I didn't know." She says as Percy I put in his cradle and Poseidon comes and lightly kisses her lips " it's alright my dear but I'll let you sleep i'll see you in the morning." "Alright goodnight my love." "Goodnight." He says as he slips out the door after the nurses take them to the nursery so Sally can sleep as the door shuts he goes back into the waiting room with his brothers who stand on his arrival " what are they like Brother?" Hades asks "beautiful they both have my hair but Theseus, the roman one, has ocean blue eyes like Neptune in stead of my sea green ones." 'I think my eyes are lovely thank you very much' he hears from his roman form " a well he is Neptune's son and his eye are bound to be like his more than yours. But are they powerful your love for their mother is strong as is hers for you did they seem as strong as i think they might be?" "Yes they are very powerful now which is more so i cannot tell. Anyway we should go home and rest and i will come get Sally and the children before the meeting tomorrow. And Zeus give Elizabeth my best wishes for Thalia I sense she is powerful as well." "Yes brother i will I'll see you tomorrow brothers." "Yes tomorrow good night Poseidon, Zeus." "Goodnight Hades." And all three flashed out as Poseidon arrives in Atlantis he goes straight to the new nursery that he. Amphitrite and Triton set up for one of the twins after all it was their idea that he have a demigod anyway and saw his son standing next to the cradle facing out the window "What are you doing up?" He says and triton jumps out of his skin "oh dad it's you, you scared me, but i am up because i wanted to know if you had decided which one is coming to live with us." "No my son not yet the council is deciding tomorrow you and your mother will be there yes?" "Yes father we shall be there now go get some sleep were gonna need it around here with a new baby even with all the naiads and nymphs here." "Yes that's true I suppose goodnight my boy." "Night dad." Line break Poseidon awoke with the first rays of sun shine coming through the window he looked at the clock on the wall and saw it was 6:30 he moved his wife off to the side and stood up and pulled the covers over her "hmm Poseidon come back to bed its to early." "No my dear im sorry but i have to go get Sally and the children before the meeting so we can decide which one shall live with us an which shall live with Sally you and triton promised to come its in two hours." "Okay that means i can sleep for 30 more minutes now go shower." She says Poseidon pov As i walk into my bathroom i can't help but think how long its been since I've had a child live here in Atlantis well at least a young child because Triton in all his years has acted childish often but at the thought of having a little brother live here with us he has matured a great deal he has set up the child's room repainted the cradle he had as a child long ago and even helped the Cyclopes make a sword for him now he has yet to name the blade or even tell me the material of it but I guess I'll find out later when we get back in getting out of the shower i went and put on some trousers, trainers and a polo shirt i put on my tridents concealed form of a watch and teleport to the hospital where Sally is i walk in and take the elevator up to the maternity ward as i walk by i see Theseus and Percy and can't help but smile 'yep he looks just like me' i hear Neptune say in reference to Theseus 'a little' i continue walking down the hall to Sally's room and knock as i go in "hey Sally. How are?" I ask "ready to go to Olympus it feels like its been ages since I've been even though it was just a few months ago." "Yeah out of all the things in all my millennia Olympus is one of my favorite cities. So are you ready to go get the kids and grab my car to Olympus?" "Yeah let's go." As we walked down the hall we signed the birth certificates and picked up the kids in their carriers when got to the parking garage we put the kids into my 1965 FORD Mustang and got in the front we were ten minutes out of New York put it would take almost an hour because of traffic as we drove we talked about what the plans were for the children whether we should let's them see each other often or not and as we walked into the Empire State Building i looked at the clock 7:45 we were going to be cutting it close we walked up to the door man and handed me the card knowing full well who we were when the elevator got to Olympus we walked through the streets to the throne room when we got there Sally and the children sat next to Elizabeth and Thalia who was born the day before Theseus and two days before Percy I went up to my throne as grew my clothes changed to a tunic and sandals and trident went into its holder my little brother teleported in using the electricity into his form and took his throne Hera, Dionysus,Athena,and Artemis just teleported in Apollo appeared in a blast a sunlight, Demeter grew out of a corn plant, Aphrodite appeared in pink poof of perfume, Hephaestus in a blast of fire, Ares ran in because he was out side anyway, and Hermes flew in with his shoes fluttering in and Hades pooled all the shadows in the room into the center and walked out of them and sat in his guest throne "well that appears to be everyone i here by call this meeting to order and the first order of business is-" "KIDS!" Aphrodite squeals and interrupts Zeus "err, right as you know Poseidon and I have both had children and Poseidon has had twins but they are special twins as one is greek and the other is roman um Sally will you introduce the children I vapor travel across the room shrinking to my human height of 6'3 towering over Sally's 5'6 and pick up Theseus and we walk to the center of the U made by the thrones at this point all gods shrink to their human sizes and Hestia, Amphitrite, and Triton walk over from the hearth i speak first "this is Theseus Romulus Jackson he is Roman do any present wish to bless him?" 6 hands go up from Jupiter, Mars,Venus,Apollo,Athena, and Hestia as they do Sally speaks " And this is Perseus Achilles Jackson do any wish to bless him?" 4 hands go up here with Apollo, Aphrodite, Hermes, and Hephaestus then me and Sally went back to the carriers and put the children away and I went back to my throne as Zeus started talking "so now that you've met the children which of them should go to Atlantis all for Theseus?" 13 hands go up " alright brother i believe it's decided." "Yes it is Zeus." "Alright if that is all then council dismissed." Me and Sally say our goodbyes and i take them home then drive to the house i keep on the river and then get in my chariot and go to Atlantis where there is a royal guard at the gates to meet the new prince when we get to his room Triton and Amphitrite are there and there is a distinct feature a beautiful Olympian silver sword with a black leather handle it is a xiphos design or leaf shaped double edged blade "wow triton is this the blade you and the Cyclopes made for him? It is beautiful." " yes father it is." Then we hear a young voice say "veritatum et iustitum truth and justice." Then those words brandish themselves latin only on the blade i put Theseus in his cradle and say "I think that Athena's blessing has activated." "Indeed father it has." We hear in that same childish voice then Theseus goes to sleep after dinner we all go to bed and i have a dream which is strange as gods don't often have dreams Dream Im in the Olympian throne room and i see several Demi-gods there but none of the gods one of the Demigods one of only conscious two ones has pure black wings to go with a hooded jacket but what really sticks out is this boys sword it is the blade we just gave Theseus not an hour ago. versus a boy with golden eyes! He also has my fathers scythe almost as if- "surrender Kronos