I probably have no excuses for not updating this story sooner but I thought it was high time I got back to it. I'll give a little more information at the end of this entry. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson, Coca Cola, or Frankenstein. They belong to their respective creators. Any events and similarities are merely coincidence as this piece is only used for entertainment. "We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future; men of discernment deal only with the present moment."– Chanakya Chapter I Mark empathized with people who got sudden chills when he recounted the years his life changed forever. Those felt it and immediately stopped reading, for they knew what would happen if they continued into this story. It would only be a matter of time before their presence was discovered. Those who are read this and didn't feel the chill, he envied more than anything. They would only find it amusing since it had nothing to do with them whatsoever. They wouldn't have to face the same problems as the others reading this story. His useless banter aside, he had to get it off his chest already. Some people know it started in a dormitory somewhere in Illinois. Even though winter didn't arrive, taking a step outside at the end of autumn weather was like being slapped in the face with a block of ice. Travelers never expect it until its right behind them and driving over them with a bus called reality. Then again, as much as he hates to say it, the cold never bothered him anyway. His point was proven further as he took a step out of the dorms wearing only a faded pair of loose jeans and a red shirt. Standing at five foot and four inches, Mark Ford was a mountain of muscle compared to many of his classmates. His breath frosted in the morning air, moisture collecting behind his glasses as it drifted past his lips and into the sky. Delicately, he removed the eyewear from the top of his nose to wipe away the condensing moisture on his lenses. After successfully cleaning his specs, he placed them back on his head to survey the surrounding area. The morning dew on the grass sparkled before his eyes as he began to slowly walk along the sidewalk. His morning walk became a routine that his friend managed to drill into his head only after a short time of knowing him. "The sooner one begins the day, the sooner their day ends," he would often say. Shaking his head, he muttered about his friend's sometimes strict belief system before picking up his pace. The crisp air from the lake brought a wave of cod to sweep down his spine. He cursed under his breath, blaming this cold weather on Obama's election results about a week ago despite the fact he knew that was untrue. Had he known about the cold wave, he would not have complained to Tom as much as he did back when they first met. Speaking of the devil, he spotted his friend of four years sitting on a park bench. His light tan friend sat in the morning light of the day with a red sweatshirt and dark grey, skinny jeans reading a small book. From across the park, he could tell he was lost within his own mind as he either didn't notice or didn't care that some gang members out of Chicago were trying to establish territory for themselves. Even without his glasses, Mark knew the interaction would turn south in a matter of moments so he started making a beeline for his friend before he did anything rash. Unfortunately, rash decisions were a thing that Tom specialized in when people entered his personal space. Although Mark was still some distance away from the current conversation, he could tell Tom was about to open a can of whoop ass on the unsuspecting kids. If it's one thing that Mark picked up on after a couple of years knowing him, he knew that it was only a matter of time before Tom let out some pent up aggression. It appeared that his patience ran out the second one of the criminals tried to slap his book out of his hands. Before his tormentor could further antagonize him, Tom shot out his boot clad foot onto the side of the guy's knee, the cracking of bone echoing throughout the park. As the kid fell, Tom grabbed him by his throat and flung his head first into the metal bench. The four other members decided to step up and attempt to land a hit on the now aggressive teen. Every time Mark saw him fight, he could not help to be amazed by sheer power Tom had despite his shorter stature. For his short size, he could block and counter without a problem as if he could tell where each punch or kick was coming from before the fight even started. However that only occurred when his mind was clear. Whenever he got angered, his fighting style would change from calculated strikes and blocks to a merciless barrage of fists. Those two different styles of combat made him look like an entirely different person. At that moment it seemed the gang was getting the upper hand as Tom's movements grew sloppier by the minute. Tom didn't see one of the kids charging at him with a collapsible baton raised. Before the baton could make contact with Tom's head, Mark's firm hand grabbed his arm. Turning his head, the kid received a brutal kick to the abdominals. Having the wind knocked out of him, he was unable to react to the haymaker coming somewhere from his right. Turning to his friend, Tom smirked and commented, "You know… when I go out for a walk I prefer to be alone?" "Well knowing you, whenever you go outside, you always manage to get into some sort of trouble," Mark responded to his friend. "Yes but unlike you I can take care of myself," Tom remarked. Having been ignored, one of the conscious remaining gang members dashed at Mark with the fallen baton extended. Unfortunately, the metal simply caught the metal with his left hand. Audibly gasping, the hoodlum tried to jerk the stick from the muscular teen's grip, failing to succeed. Because his attention was focused on getting the improvised weapon out of the teen's hand, he did not notice Tom's right uppercut until it connected with his jaw. Once the ill-advised child fell to the ground, the duo slowly turned towards the remaining "gang" member, standing in shock. The last one seemed to be no older than eleven years of age. The individual was visibly shaking as they stared at him as Tom said, "Now, why don't you try and give me your best shot, kid?" Blindly, the hoodlum rushed forward yelling at the top of his lungs with his melee weapon outstretched. Giving a quick glance at each other, the two gave each other curt nods. Once he was within striking distance, the two twisted their hips toward each other, pulling their fists back. Before the stick could be swung down, the two struck the last individual in the face with lightning fast speed. Once the fists made contact, one of the fists jerked a piercing loose; blood slowly inching its way from the new opening. After a few seconds, the stick dropped to the ground as the last misled child slumped onto the ground, blood flowing from his nose and bottom lip. Slowly, the two turned to each other and did a quick, firm handshake before they heard the pained whimper of the leader. He was attempting to pull himself up from the ground with his arms but the awkward bend in his leg prevented him from placing any weight on it. As his back leaned against the metal bench, Tom walked other to him and crouched down next to the leader. "This little soiree of ours was quite amusing," Tom stated. "It's been a while since I got to dance around for a bit. I kinda wish you guys put in a little more effort in though. I didn't even get to have the ache in my back out." Immediately after stating this, Tom punched the kid in between the eyes with a resounding crunch of bones. As he drifted into unconsciousness, Tom wistfully said, "Perhaps it will be better next time." Standing back up to his full height, Tom turned back to his friend. "You know," Tom began, "I keep telling you there is no need to worry." "That is when I worry the most," Mark stated. Chuckling at his statement, Tom walked past the teen, giving him a pat on the shoulder as a sign on condolence. "I didn't need the help. I could have taken care of it myself." He turned to look at Tom as he began to stroll back in the direction of the academy. Even if he just received some help from his friend, he would still find a way to state his independence. Shaking his head he jogged to catch up with Tom, he asked, "How long do you think it will take them to recover?" "Well Mark," Tom began, "I am not doctor but it may take them a while to recover from today's events. If they go to a hospital, they might find medical treatment and potentially a night in jail for previous crimes. If they don't receive treatment, it will probably take a couple of months to recover from the physical pain, though I don't know if they will psychologically recover anytime soon." Shaking his head, Mark replied, "It frightens me that you know this kind of stuff." Hearing this, Tom stopped his walking. As he looked up to the sky, he stated, "Maybe it is less important to think about that and more important finding some food." Giving a small smile, Mark asked, "Egg Harbor?" "It wouldn't be a good Sunday if we didn't get brunch, my tall friend." The duo walked through the familiar glass doors into the warm restaurant they frequented for brunch. This Sunday there were some friendly faces they already met from their many visits. The sweet smell of eggs and bacon cooking wafted through the air causing Mark's stomach to increase in hunger from their earlier events. They almost always breakfast over at the dorm but they made it a personal goal to eat there at least once a week to have some motivation to actually go outside on the weekend. "Hey, boys," a blonde waitress called over to the duo. "Do you guys want your usual seats at the bar?" "Why are you asking rhetorical questions," Tom asked off to the side. "Well I am just making sure you don't change on me," she said putting her hand in Tom's hair. "I've grown fond of you little weirdos." "Just take us to our spots, Penny," he said while removing her hand from his head. "Sure thing, genius," she said before leading them to their seats with two menus in her arms. As they were led to their spots, Mark could not help but think about how they first met the twenty-something blonde woman. At first they were just like any other regular customer that wondered through the doors of Egg Harbor Café. Eventually after eating there so often, they got use to each other and were on a first name basis. They knew Penny was only working there until she could pay of her student loans from college but she was a breath of fresh air amongst the rest of their week. She had a way of livening up a hard week of testing and tragically long homework assignments. Placing the menus in front of them as they sat down, she asked, "You guys need a minute or do you