Hey everyone! This is a major AU, and it is about my Olympic dream being accomplished by the famous Katniss Everdeen! This is the story of her and her dream, but when a tragic event occurs, a certain somebody might just be her much needed prince-in-shining-track-sneakers. Enjoy! Positive and constructive feedback is always welcome! -A Heart Nervously, I glanced around the busy track. On my right was the stands, filled with hundreds, maybe thousands of spectators, here to judge every stride I took. On my left was my competitors, coaches, officials, and lots field event equipment. I adjusted my sweatband and peered down the curve on the track that I was about to run. With my eyes closed I took deep breathes and jogged in place, bringing my knees to my hands that laid, palms down, at my rib cage. My hands straightened my hip number, 3, on my red shorts, and I stepped into the lane, preparing to run the most important sprint of my life. I had 200 meters to give it everything I had in me. I was not about to waste three years of brutal training on a race that I was heavily underestimated in. As a pale skinned seventeen year old girl, I was nothing more a charity case to my extreme, real deal, mid-twenties competitors. But they haven't seen me run yet. They probably didn't even bother to watch my semi-finals win. Or to notice my 21.3 second time. No, I was not going to prove them right. Let me back up first. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old, but, you already knew that. I am from a tiny town in Massachusetts which is appropriately named Littleton. I grew up running which led me to many track programs. At one meet, the happened to be a baseball game going on on a field over. One of the coaches, a former Olympic gold metal winner in the 100 meter hurdles, was heading over after the game for some popcorn when the 200 took place. I was in the first heat, filled with, or so I've been told, the fastest runners. I was in lane three. He was walking by as I took off, quickly leaving my competitors in shame as I crossed the finish line a good five seconds before the second place finisher reached the line. Apparently, a 25.6 second finish is abnormally fast of a girl of my age, 14 at the time. David froze, 'seeing something so special', as he puts it, 'put me in pure shock, and reminded me of my Games. So extraordinary, so passionate, so talented.' He, after his emotional moment, raced over to me, telling me who he was (as if I didn't already know) and telling me that he wanted to be my coach, so I could someday experience the greatness of the Olympics. Me, being young and excited, agreed vigorously. So, after hours of yelling and convincing, my parents agreed. It was a year an two weeks before my dad died of heart attack. After that overwhelming day, I have run at least two miles a day, and sprinted six days a week. The track in Littleton is my home away from home. Which leads me to now. The day I turned seventeen David informed that I was eligible with my time to compete at Olympic level. He had gotten me a spot at the first round of the trails. I would continue if I got at least third place in every race. When I reached finals, David cried when I finished my interview. He didn't speak for an hour just beamed at me, cried, and hugged everyone in sight. Later that night he told me that this is a dream come true for both of us, not just me. I cried too. If I finish in the top three today, I will go to London. I will be part of the U.S. Olympic 2012 Team. I will be known as one of the fastest women in the world. Which is why I must win today. Also, I don't lose. I just don't. Plain and simple. I won't allow it. I did a couple of warm up kicks and then the starter tells us to take our places at our starting blocks. Crouched in position, I sprung up a little at his second command. The silence is deafening until I hear the gun. Adrenaline pumping, I started of in an easy sprint, catching speed as I bent across the curve. As soon I reach the 100 start, I took off in full sprint. I glanced to my sides and did a double take, almost stopping short when I saw no one is my peripheral vision. Suddenly panicked that they all finished without me seeing, leaving me in the dust, I sped up even more. Seeing the finish line almost underneath my feet, I practically dove, my feet flailing, arms sprawled outwards. I landed on my feet though, and turn to see the other races. To my surprise, most of them have just finished. So they didn't leave me behind. But I obviously didn't win either if they were right there. Feeling discouraged, I sit in my lane and put my head in between my bent legs. My left hand rests firmly on my stomach, encouraging my to take deep breathes to avoid painful cramps. The announcers deep voice came over the loud speaker and I, as well as my competitors looked up at the mega screen to see the finalists. "Now let's give a round of applause to our 2012 Olympic team 200 meter dash finalists: in third place, Johanna Mason! In second place, Madge Undersee! In first place with an put standing time of 21.84, Katniss Everdeen!" My eyes widened and I jumped up and down in excitement and pure happiness. I'm going to London. The second place finalist comes over to me, I think her name is Madge, and says something inaudible and hugs me. As a person, I am not very touchy. I will only hug very close friends, like Gale before he moved to Pennsylvania (I haven't hard from him since), or family, and I will only hold hands win my thirteen year old sister Prim. But with joy that could last a lifetime in me, I gave her a hug and half- cried half- whispered: "We'll do this together." Together, the other two winners and I, walk, arms linked, to an announcer. Starting with Johanna, she asks, " Johanna, what does it feel like to make your third Olympic team in a race you've never done in the Olympic trails before?" "Well, it feels as good as it ever does. The race doesn't matter, either way, it's a sense of achievement; but the journey isn't over yet." Johanna jogs away, leaving me and Madge. "Madge. You are twenty five and this is your second trail but first team. What did you do differently in training that got you into three sprint races this year?" "Nothing. I just now know what it feels like to lose; the disappointment, everything. I did not want to feel it again." She, too, leaves the area and the reporter turns to me. "Katniss Everdeen, Girl on Fire." "What?" I interrupted, confused about my nickname. "Oh yes. Girl on Fire. You were moving so fast out there in your orange shirt and red shorts it looked as if you see on fire; hence the nickname." "Oh..." "So, Katniss Everdeen. Girl on Fire. Seventeen years old. Against all odds, you won with an outstanding time. What is this like for you?" "It's a dream come true." I gave the reporter a nod and skipped away. I see David running towards me and I bury myself into his shoulder. "You did it, sweetheart. You did it." I looked up at his face as we walked away. I must shower quickly and then meet the U.S. team. Trails ended with my race and I was nervous to meet my teammates, expecting them to be older than me by a good chunk. Planting a sloppy kiss on David's cheek, I ran over to my impatient parents who are standing in front of the locker room. I hugged my dad, taking his embrace in awaiting arms and smile at mother and kiss her cheek as well. "I'll be back!" My voice echoed in the walls as I jogged over to my bag and swung it over my shoulder lazily. "I'm done!" I yell as I put my long chestnut hair back up, this time in my infamous braid. My fingers make a snapping sound against the hair elastic as it wraps around the end of my braid. David walks around the corner of the stadium's hallway, keys jingling in hand. "Alright, well, I'll drop you off on the field and then I'm going to go home to change. I'll be back to pick you up at the end of the meeting; six o'clock. Okay?" "Sounds good!" We walk swiftly down the hallway and out the door, onto the track which surrounds the field. I immediately spot Madge, who is waving me over. I turn to David and give him a goodbye wave and jog over to my new friend. "Hey Katniss! You are just in time! The track coach, Haymitch Abernathy is about to come out. Right now, just meet the oth-" She is cut off by me whirling around to find the source of a tap on my shoulder. "Kaleniss?" Is what is heard when I recognize my attacker. My voice questions "Gale?", while his excitedly announces "Katniss!" My mouth is dropped and I am soon crushed in a bear hug which I give back, only with less force. I step back out of his tight grasp as soon I realize that I haven't seen my best friend in ten years, much less heard at all, no letters, phone calls, emails, nothing from him, and frown. "You never called." I state plainly. "I know, and I'm sorry." His face falls but quickly recovers and chance the subject. "So what are you doing here? And you are so young... You knew it was my dream to be in the Olympics, but I didn't know that you even did track or field." "I'm here for the 200. I came in first with a 21.84, in front of Madge here." I gestured to the older girl behind me and saw a slight spark in Gale's eyes after he whistled at my time and looked at her. "Yeah, I started after you left, about a month after in fact. When I was fourteen I had a meet, and a baseball game.." I launch into a detailed explanation of how I came to be who I am today. "How about you? I mean, what is your event?" "Oh, I'm doing the 400 meter hurdles. I came in second in the finals. I'm here with my friend from Wayne, P.A., Peeta." Hale turned around to wave over an athletic, tall blond haired an blue eyed boy that looked about my age. "He is your age, Catnip." Gale said, turning back to us, confirming my suspicions. I smiled at the memory of my nickname. When I was seven, I had been walking to school when a nine year brown headed boy jumped out at me. "What's your name?" He had asked. Still in shock, my voice cracked in a hushed whisper, and my voice sounded like I had said "Catnip." "Catnip, huh?" He had replied. "Well I'm Gale and-" That's where I had cut him off, sharply stated that my name was Katniss. Not Catnip. Katniss. K-A-T-N-I-S-S. Katniss. We had been best friends ever since, Reluctantly, I was pulled out of my thoughts when I heard a soft voice say "Hi." I looked up to see the blond haired boy lolling a my intently. "So you are the famous Katniss Everdeen." I must of