Note: First off thank you very much if you decided to check this out. This is my first time doing something like this but really wanted to try this out. I don't have a beta so I am sure there are some mistakes and if there are I'm sorry. Really hope for it's enjoyable. Keep drinking coffee, stare me down across the table While I look outside So many things I'd say if only I were able But I just keep quiet and count the cars that pass by You've got opinions, man We're all entitled to 'em But I never asked So let me thank you for your time And try not to waste any more of mine Get out of here fast Sara Bareilles - King Of Anything Lyrics Chapter 1 "Edward is staring at you again," whispered Angela. She'd been saying those words since Monday without faltering it was irritating considering it was now Friday. I didn't bother glancing up or even acknowledging her statement. I could feel his eyes on me and it was difficult to ignore but congratulated my self-discipline for never looking up except the first day. When Angela had brought it to my attention I was sure she was mistaken. I'd glanced up from my biology desk to find a pair of bright green eyes staring directly at me. It was the only time I allowed myself to look up again. "Bella, he's still starring," muttered Angela again. I sighed, "I don't know what you want me to do." I focused more intently on my work hoping she would take the hint and ignore the situation as I was. She was my best friend but there were times she was a little more vocally excited than me. She was usually really quiet and reserved hence why we were best friends. We didn't hang out much and rarely talked, it was the perfect relationship, for me at least. "Why do you think he keeps looking over here?" she inquired softly. I shrugged nonchalantly, "He's new maybe he's looking for someone to do his homework." That was only one of my many suspicions for his wandering eyes. I figured word had gotten around that 'teacher's pet' Bella was easy prey. Lucky for me I didn't have many classes with him. Edward Cullen and his sister, Alice, arrived to Forks during summer break. Someone saw them at the lake one thing lead to another and before school even started half the school was enamored by the pair. There should have held a ceremony for them for the first day of school at least that's how everyone acted. It was hard not to notice the moment we entered the hallways that something was different, everyone seemed alert, eyes sparkled, and voices where high pitched, squeaky even. The air around us was different, filled with an underlying electric current that buzzed at our ears. Angela and I were clueless but on our first day of school it was hard to ignore their loud laughter that echoed in the hallways. I saw what all the fuss was about the moment I laid eyes on him. He had been leaning up against a locker speaking to a very pretty fair-haired girl, a senior I think. Edward Cullen looked like nothing our school had seen before or will ever see again. He stood tall, taller than most boys in our school but it was his eyes and hair that made him stand out. His eyes weren't exactly green, they seemed to have a grayish tint to them. His hair couldn't quite be defined as brown it seemed to have reddish highlights to them. He stood with an air of confidence, it was as though he knew something we didn't especially with the smirk he had been giving to the poor girl she seemed star struck. He walked our hallways as those he was entitled to our admiration and expected nothing less. This started my disgust towards him. I was grateful when the bell rang, it not only for saved me from Edward's gaze but from Angela's persistence. "But he looks like he belongs in Harvard or Yale," stated Angela as she followed closely behind me. "Good looks don't get you into Harvard. At least I sure as hell hope it doesn't," I replied dryly. I really wished she would drop the subject but as she followed me to my locker I knew I wasn't off the hook yet. "You really think that Bella? I mean, come on, homework?" she asked looking up at me. She really was a small thing although I was taller than most girls in school. Regrettably, my height provided more than enough ammo for the miscreants of Forks high. I took a deep breath, put my books away and grab my violin before attempting to reply. "Angela, he doesn't bring any of his books to class let alone take notes. He never turns in any work. Heck he doesn't even look up from that leather journal looking thing he carries everywhere. He spent all of last week asleep during English and then he spent all of this week passing notes to Jessica in History class," I slam my locker closed and leave her leaning up against my locker. "How do you know all that?" shouts Angela from behind me. "You're going to be late to class," I yell back without turning back. Eager to put space between us. "We'll talk about this later," she bellows out before disappearing into the crowd just as the bell rings. I cringe as I make my way towards class simply imagining what later entails. "Edward are you going to Mike's party? I bought a special dress just for you," Lauran's nasally voice greets me the moment I enter class. Jessica and Lauran where the worst kind of individuals. It wasn't enough that they were both really shallow but they also took it upon themselves to degrade everyone they considered below them. They also were very unloyal even to each other they were a pair made from deceit. My stomach churns at the sight of Lauran throwing herself at Edward. Never in my life would I consider having Jessica and Lauran in the same class as me a good thing but they proved to be great assists this week. I can always count on them to happily keep Edward distracted. "I'm not sure. I kind of have something to do that day," responds a velvety smooth voice. It wasn't enough he looked pretty he had to sound decadent as well. I make my ways towards the back of the large classroom relieved that this class is more of a free period than anything else. 90% of the class spend it in a circle around two drum sets and take turns whacking away at them. I take out my very old violin, it's the first time I've brought it to class, and as I begin to play I'm satisfied with my decision. I'm able to tune everyone out it helped clear my mind. Things seemed to be looking up for me. Since the start of school I'd finally managed to keep a low profile and I know it's thanks to our new additions, the Cullen's. Yet this week was different and it was creating an awful paranoia to settle within me When Angela first informed me of Edward's roaming eyes I suspected that perhaps he was looking for a chump to do his homework. I'd noticed how each time homework was to be turned in he never handed anything forward. It wouldn't be the first time someone attempted to coerce me into doing their homework or even class projects for that matter but I always stood my ground unlike poor Angela. If he was looking for a sucker than he was wasting his time with me and I'd be damned if he got to Angela. I waited for him to approach me day after day and my anxiety intensified causing me to develop a horrible nail biting habit. I even practiced each night in front of my mirror different ways I would tell him off but he never did anything besides look my way. Halfway into the week a sickening suspension began to take over me. What if he didn't want someone to do his homework? What if it was more than that? It was common knowledge that Angela and I were the butt of almost all the jokes with Forks High. We'd suffered years of abuse before we even stepped foot into this spawn of demons place. Were we once again about to be put in the spotlight for ridicule? By Thursday afternoon my suspicion and paranoia increased when there was still no approach from Edward yet he still glanced at me during class. I'd became so fearful of an impending attack I started checking my locker and truck for any signs of foul play. My nerves were shot each time I had to go to the bathroom expecting a bucket of water to fall from above me like freshman year. Every time Angela commented on him my chest ached, not for me but for her, she was a lot more sensitive than I was and it crushed her to be made fun of. It felt that we had gotten rid of the pranksters and tormentors. I wasn't about to let Edward Cullen start it up again simply for the sole purpose of proving he's king. If Edward wished to not only keep his station in school but to solidify it once and for all then that meant bringing down the easy targets. Aside from me and Angela there weren't many prospects for that category. This last thought made me miss my next cord. "You're pretty good," said a soft voice from behind me. I stood up quickly recoiling at the loud screeching sound my chair made at being slid backwards. Edward Cullen stood only a few feet away with a small smile directed at me. I look behind him searching for any of the number of females that usually captured his attention but everyone was still circled around the drum set. This was it and I wasn't as prepared as I thought I was. I felt flustered with the pressure of wondering how this would play out. I needed to avoid making a scene. "I'm not," I mumble avoiding his eyes. "I haven't played in years." Surprising myself for being so forthcoming. I hastily begin to put my violin into its case maybe if I evade making eye contact he'd disappear or take a hint. Either way I was leaving class I wasn't about to stand here and wait for the end of the day bell to ring even if it meant cutting early. "Really? I would have never guessed. Do you take private lessons? Didn't think that thing existed around here?" he spoke softly. As soon as I have everything I needed to make my escape I straighten myself only to make the mistake of looking towards him. He's closer than before and even though I'm tall I still have to look up towards him and just like I forget all my misgivings towards him. If my classmates were asked to define me in word I'm sure it would be hostile, anti-social, reserved, undazzled-able yet here I was gawking at him, he really was beautiful. "No," I say flatly before collecting my sanity and bolt towards the door not appreciating being dumbfounded by him. "Hey wait up," he utters closely behind me. "Hey," this time a little louder. I'm almost running towards the door now. It's so close if I could get out the door I'd sprint all the way to my truck. Thank god this is last period. "Hey," he yanks at my elbow and I bounce off his chest. "Excuse you," I cry out pushing him off me. I feel frantic now, the last thing I need is