Summary: We've all seen the horribly butchered and cliché girl-falls-into-Middle-Earth stories. So is it possible to make a realistic one? Well, that's exactly what I'm trying to do. Writer's Note: I was inspired to write this because I do enjoy well-written LotR stories that involve OCs, including ones falling from our time, except that they're impossible to find. And you know what they say: if you can't find the story you want, you should write it. The term "away with the fairies" means not facing reality and/or having unrealistic expectations of life. In essence, the average girl-falls-into-Middle-Earth story—which is what this story won't be. Dates: Just to give you some reference, I created a timeline for Maddie (the main character) that corresponds with the canon timeline events. The date of her arrival in Middle Earth is April 12, 3017. Exactly one year before the Lord of the Rings events really begin to unfold. To make a realistic girl-falls-into-M.E. story : Put her in the middle of nowhere, not conveniently close to Rivendell, Mirkwood, or handsome characters. Disclaimer: I make no money from this work. Anything recognizable from The Lord of the Rings belongs to J.R.R Tolkien. I also don't own Hershey. Home with the Fairies Chapter One: And We All Fall Down I panicked. And it was bad. I've had breakdowns before, but this was something else. I cried and screamed, ran in circles, tripped and fell, and basically went completely insane for about ten minutes. Aftewards I felt better, weirdly enough. I'd worked out all the crazy emotions and I could be logical again. I was still fully dressed, not even groggy from sleep or a kidnapper's drugs, and still holding my plastic grocery bag. I was in a grassland without any sign of a road of even tire tracks, and definitely no towns on the horizon, not even smoke. But I was fine. Unharmed (except for the throbbing knees and hands, but that was my own fault), but totally alone. I was either insane or the butt of a really tasteless joke. I decided, as my eyes roved the scenery again, uncomprehendingly, to simply not think about how I'd gotten here. That's what had gotten me worked up before when I'd realized I was suddenly standing in a field of grass instead of my apartment. I could pretend it was a bizarre camping trip, or a dream, or a movie, or something. I just… wouldn't think about it until I was safely at home where I could lay down and think myself in circles properly. When things were normal and that twenty-twenty hindsight kicked in. I took some nice deep breaths and with my heartbeat finally slowing down marginally, I was already beginning to feel much better. This could be okay. I could make it okay. I had some food, water, and even though my cell phone had no service, I could definitely make this work. I glanced about me one more time, double-checking to make sure there really weren't any fences. It was strange to stand somewhere so… un-bordered. There was a great sense of space, of endless possibilities. I was a little frightened at standing in the open like this, and my heart fluttered with uncertainty and a little excitement. The land about me was fresh and beautiful—I'd never seen anything quite like it except in pictures—but wild and untamed. The fields rolled in gentle waves of green into the distance, the stalks brushing against my thighs they'd grown so high. Even through my sneakers I could feel the healthy springiness of the earth, fresh and young. If I turned my head to the right there were mountains, but they were a good distance away, and the sky was so clear I could see where the forest line ended and the snow began on them. A river lay directly in front of me, easily within walking distance if I could see its outline so well. There was almost no wildlife though, just grass and patches of wildflowers, the occasional tree dotting the distance. It was exquisitely beautiful, and though I found it marvelous, I was far more disturbed by the fact I was even here in the first place. I knew I'd been hungry after work and had made a quick stop at the store for something to snack on. I remembered coming home, climbing the stairs up to my apartment, but then my memory got hazy. I must have gotten inside, because I didn't have my purse, but then what? Something had happened, of that I was certain, but whatever that profound event had been (and I was sure it had been profound, after all, I was here now), I couldn't remember. I turned to face the glittering line of river and made for it. I pressed my mind to recall what had happened, the stairs, the maroon carpet of the hallway, my door with my apartment number on it, but still it slipped away from me. I let it go before I could get too stuck on it. Surely something would jog my memory soon enough. The river I was walking to was more of a stream really, I discovered as I approached. The width couldn't be more than twice my height, and I could have waded across while only getting my knees wet I guessed. The water was so clear I could see the bottom. The banks were just dirt sloping downward and high enough to accommodate several more feet of it. On the whole it was pretty, but I had more important things on my mind. The handles of the plastic bag were already beginning to dig into my palm. Carrying this thing around was going to be a pain. I put my pocket mirror, keys, and cell phone in it so my jean pockets didn't bulge so much, and told myself to suck it up. It would only be for a couple of hours, at least until I got into a town. I studiously ignored the fact that no town seemed to lay anywhere I could see. Now a direction. The great civilizations of the world were built on rivers. Water was vital for life. So following a river should lead to a town. The logic gave me comfort, even as I looked both ways down the river. I could follow the current towards the far-off mountains or away from them. With the sun high above me, I couldn't tell any cardinal directions, so the choice really came down to chance. Well, I said I'd go with the flow. Might as well stick to that. I headed in the direction the water moved, the stream on my left. I was walking towards the mountains now. I stayed close to the river, just far enough that the spray didn't hit me; sure my sense of direction would fail me if I didn't. I kept my eyes on the horizon, ready to spot buildings, power lines, anything to show someone else was out here. With few trees there were only a handful of birds, and though I saw the occasional butterfly, animal life was otherwise lacking. There was just the burbling of the water, my footsteps crunching on the grass, and the bumping of my plastic bag against my leg to keep me company. I walked for what must have been hours. Without service my phone had no time, so I couldn't say exactly, but the sun was moving behind me, and my shadow stretched long before me. At least I knew I was heading east, as though that changed anything. My legs were sore, my feet ached, and I was sweating. I was perfectly miserable. I'd had to stop every couple of hours (well, I assumed since I couldn't tell time) to sit and let my poor legs rest. Even when I was in a rhythm, eventually my screaming feet would talk me into plopping down and dipping them in the cold water. I really wasn't cut out for all this exercise, and walking all day was more than I'd done in years. My legs were going to be stiff and painful tomorrow, but there was nothing else I could do. I was incredibly glad I was wearing my sneakers because this would have been a lot worse in flip-flops or bare feet. Relieving myself had been an embarrassing pain, and I was quite thankful to be alone on this adventure in that light. In the end, stripping my pants to my ankles to squat had been uncomfortable and difficult to do without unbalancing myself, and taking care not to soil my clothes was an equally hard task. There wasn't even a tree to lean against or hide behind, so I was literally in plain view of everything, and I was totally embarrassed and finished up as quickly as I could. The stream had not changed, the scenery was the same, and the mountains seemed no closer than before. At first when I got thirsty I resisted the urge to drink the water. I didn't know how clean it was (at least it wasn't visually polluted, but who knew what was in there), and I didn't want to take my chances, but my dry throat quickly proved impossible to ignore. Finally, crouched on some low rocks beside the river, I cupped my hands and messily gulped down water, getting it all over my shirt and pants in the process. It wasn't the cleanest I'd ever drunken, far from it really, but it was cool in my mouth and quenched my thirst. After that it was much easier to take drinks, and I was steadily getting better and less sloppy at it. Still, I couldn't guess at the miles I'd walked. At least I was getting exercise out of this impromptu adventure. My stomach made itself known as the sky began to darken, and I realized then that my hours-long estimate was about to become a day. The idea of sleeping out in the open like this at night made me decidedly nervous, and I looked around helplessly for some sort of shelter. But none was to be had, because this was still the same open plain with the same river and the few trees scattered along the banks. "The rest of the human race did this for thousands of years, you can do it too." Hearing my own voice didn't help my heart rate, but it was easier to direct myself out loud, almost pretending I was reading about it rather than actually experiencing it. Without knowing how long I would be out here, I decided half my banana was going to be my ration. I would be hungry, but it was better to have something to eat than nothing at all. In four mouthfuls it was gone, and I was regretfully wrapping it up again. I carefully put it back in my bag, making sure it wasn't squished under the orange, before deciding this spot was as good as any random spot to sleep in. No matter where I went there wasn't any cover. If the ground was softer somewhere else, I couldn't tell, and I felt sure the roots of a tree, even if it was "cover", would be painful to sleep on. The area about ten feet from the river was fairly smooth, and now that I'd stopped, the ache in my legs was growing more pronounced by the second. Lying down sounded wonderful. Darkness covered the sky as I settled in for the night, keeping my bag close to my body so I wouldn't lose it. I felt incredibly vulnerable without shelter, walls, or even a blanket. A fire was completely impossible. Not only did I not have the materials for it, but I'd also never started a fire from flint and tinder before. It was so dark. It couldn't have been that late in the evening; maybe getting around nine o'clock, and yet it was near pitch-black.