Title: Too Few Winters Author: Shireling Rating: PG Genre: Book Verse. Drama /Angst Summary: Can the consequences of desperate act ever be redeemed? The battle for Helm's Deep changes a young man's life Chapter 1 He heard the screams, even as he ran, trying desperately to pull his mother along with him; screams and yells and fear, the sound of flames roaring through the thatched dwellings of the small hamlet, the panicked bellows and bleats of frightened animals suddenly cut short, the splintering of wood. He heard it all above the pounding in his ears. He was burdened by the heavy sack on his back and his legs felt leaden as he forced himself onwards. He stumbled and the sack dropped to the ground, his mother's hand slipping from his grasp. He thought he heard his father's voice cry out in the distance in pain or anguish and he wanted to go back, to help him defend their home. But he didn't. He staggered to his feet pulling his mother with him but she was too exhausted to run any further. 'Go' she told him, tears spilling down her cheeks. She hugged him briefly, tightly, desperately and then she pushed him away 'Go, my son. Go'. He wanted to stay, to protect her. But he didn't. He saw the grief and the resignation in her eyes and he did as she bid him. He stumbled onwards; he left his mother, he left his pack, he left his past. He stumbled on blinded by grief and anger and tears. He ran until he could run no further, he walked on, pushing himself with blind stubborn resilience and when the guards on Helm's Dike let him through their cordon he collapsed on the greensward beyond sure he would never take another step. But the grim-faced riders allowed him and the other refugees only a few moments to catch their breaths before herding them up the ramp through the great stone-arched gateway into the safety of the Hornburg. The mighty Keep sheltered the refugees; the farmers, the shepherds, the herdsmen, the women and the children and the infirm. Not for nothing was it valued by the people of the Mark as a refuge, safe and impenetrable behind the Dike and the Deeping Wall. Lieutenant Gamling, a venerable Rider under Lord Erkenbrand's command was ordering the women and children into the caves, directing the placement of supplies and men. The boy heeded not the comings and goings; he sat by the wall in a sheltered nook and watched the gate for a glimpse of his mother or father. But he knew in his heart that they would never come again and at dusk when King Théoden rode into the gate with Lord Èomer and three strangers at his side and a large troop following he knew the truth of it. He was not allowed the luxury of time for grieving. Though slim and pale he was tall for his thirteen years and a Rider mistook him for older, sending him, not to the caves where he belonged, but to the armoury to be kitted out for battle. The chainmail tabard they settled over his shoulders was so very heavy that it nearly drove him to his knees and the rusty helm plonked on his head caused even the grim-faced armourer to crack a grin as it slipped forward over his eyes; another man lifted the helm and stuffed the crown with rags before replacing it on the boy's head. He couldn't lift the first sword they handed him but they found him a smaller lighter blade and sent him to the smithy to get the edge sharpened. With the preparations complete the atmosphere of tension within the Keep thickened. He sat huddled with the other makeshift soldiers and waited. Bowls of warm porridge were handed round and he thought he shouldn't be able to eat but he was young and he was hungry and he had not eaten since the day before and he wolfed down the warming offering. With the bowl empty he suddenly thought of his mother's cooking and that this, as a last meal, was a meagre offering. 'A last meal!' he heard the whispers and he knew they would not last the night; not even the tall northern stranger nor his companions could convince him of that, despite there attempts to engender the light of hope into the cloying darkness. As the sounds of the approaching hordes drew nearer the sounds in the Keep were silenced. The women and the children were exiled deep within the sheltering caverns beneath the mountain. The defenders, the warriors and the makeshift soldiers, were directed to their stations with hand signals and whispers and within the Keep only those setting up the wards and the dressing stations were at work, filling caldrons, stoking fires and tearing linens into bandages. The boy was directed to a spot on the wall above the main gate. He had no bow but he propped his newly sharpened blade against the wall and ran back and forth fetching arrows for the archers. He was supposed to help carry the injured to safety but he had not the strength to help lift them and the walking wounded did not need his aid. All night he scurried, dodging arrows and doing his best to be a help rather than a hindrance; when their own arrows were spent he went from body to body pulling the enemies' arrows from comrades who had breathed their last and handing them to their own archers. At one point one of the strangers, the tall fair elf, took a bundle of black fletched arrows from his hand, he saw the Elf's look of revulsion turn to pity as their eyes met, he felt the Elf's hand on his shoulder briefly offering comfort before his attention was drawn away and the boy went back to his onerous task. All changed when the Deeping Wall was breached by a blast of fire and thunder. The enemy poured through the sundered stone and the battle was joined in Helm's gate, the enemy battling to scale the stairs of the Deeping Wall and the rear gate beyond the stream. No longer were arrows needed. Great siege ladders were hauled up against the mighty walls of the refuge and the hordes of the enemy were upon them. The boy retrieved his sword but at the first sight of the hideous beasts his courage failed him and he cowered against the wall whimpering in fear. He lost track of how long the battle raged around him but eventually even his fear could not keep him still and he was drawn back into the fight. He was too small and too weak to take on the brutes but he harassed them, hacking at their legs and ankles and distracting the beasts enough that his comrades could engage them. And then he heard the King's order to retreat. He felt his arm grabbed in a tight lock, felt himself being pulled to his feet and he thought his death had come. In a desperate attempt to free himself from his captor he swung his blade around and upwards registering surprise when it sank to the hilt into the belly of his assailant. The hand on his arm jerked as the body toppled, knocking the boy over and landing atop him. Only then did he catch a glimpse of his attackers face. He was dead, the life had already fled and his one eye, though open, would see again no more. Old Althred had fought beside him all night, an aged war battered veteran who had known renown in King Thengel's Éored. Now he lay atop him, his very life blood a sickening accusation of gut wrenching regret. Paralysed by the weight of his guilt the boy lay trapped, waiting for one of the rampaging Orcs to end the life he no longer deserved. The battle swirled above him but he paid it no heed, he welcomed death and he thought it had found him when an iron-clad boot struck his temple. oooOOOooo It was the arrival of Gandalf and Lord Erkenbrand and his troop that turned the tide, Saruman's army fled in terror into the new forest that had miraculously appeared below the Dike where they were consumed. Helm's Deep was saved but at great cost. After taking much needed rest, King Théoden accompanied by Lord Èomer and the three strangers and a small troop set out for Isengard, leaving the ordering of Helm's Deep in Lord Erkenbrand's capable hands. Soon the sad task of seeing to the death rites of the fallen was begun. Separate mounds were made each for the men of the Eastfold and Westfold and one too for the men of enemies armies, the Hillfolk and the Dunlendings who had been recruited and deceived by Saruman. The bodies of the fallen Orcs were piled beyond the Deeping Dike close to the trees. Once the dead had been honoured, Lord Erkenbrand, under orders from the King, mustered the remaining troops and horses back to Edoras, leaving Gamling and a small garrison to guard the women and children and wounded in the Keep. There were many willing to nurse those within the makeshift wards but still many more Riders and make-believe soldiers succumbed to their wounds and were buried with honour in the Deeping Coomb. Nearly two weeks after the battle of Helm's Deep word came to Gamling of the allies' victory of the Pelennor Fields and so began the process of evacuating the people back to Edoras where there were better facilities for helping the refugees and the wounded. It was a slow process but within weeks the Hornburg was once again the base for only a small garrison of hardy Riders who split their time and energies between patrolling the Westfold and beginning the repairs to the shattered gates of the Hornburg. The Riders of the Mark were known to be brave and canny men, not taken with foolish gossip or superstition but it soon came to the attention of Lieutenant Gamling that a spirit of mistrust and disharmony was spreading through the garrison. Men whispered of belongings pilfered, of missing candles and rations, of missing items replaced. A thorough search of the building elicited no evidence of unaccounted strangers nor yet any evidence of the missing items. Stranger still was the occasional appearance in the mess-hall of meat for the pot; rabbits and game-birds and fish and once even a small doe. None of the Riders claimed knowledge of these gifts and the mystery grew. Soon other odd occurrences came to light, torn clothing disappeared only to be found repaired and tended but the oddest of all was the appearance on the walls of the battlements above the gate of small posies of mountain wildflowers. Gamling set extra watches but no sign of the mystery benefactor was discovered. They searched the Hornburg from basement to tower and sent man up into the narrows and into the caverns but to no avail. When, after many weeks, King Èomer and Lord Erkenbrand made a brief visit to the fortress, Gamling mentioned the mystery to his superiors and yet another search revealed nothing, though the Lords concluded that, whoever was responsible for the mystery, they posed no obvious threat to the men nor to the safety of the garrison. Several months of rebuilding and reordering passed before a Royal entourage again came to Helm's Deep. King Elessar was accompanied by a great host; all the remaining members of the Fellowship plus a great company of noble elves. The Elves and the Hobbits and the King's troop camped on the green open plain between the Dike and the Deeping Wall, where all evidence of the great battle had been erased except for the rends in the stonework of the Keep and the Wall. Only Aragorn and his comrades Legolas and Gimli were housed