ON THE CUSP The Prince exhaled a frustrated sigh, again, and wondered just where to find the patience that was eluding him. He was an experienced parent used to dealing with the mischief of youngsters but he was beginning to wonder what he had done to deserve the constant headaches that had plagued him since the arrival of his young relative two weeks earlier.More puzzling and frustrating was that the behaviour that was causing him such aggravation was so out of character for his normally quiet and thoughtful nephew. His own three boys were all boisterous and each blessed with a streak of recklessness that had often led them into strife with their parents and tutors. His older nephew was of much the same nature as a boy, though with the death of his mother, Boromir's sense of duty and responsibility had suppressed the worst excesses of youthful exuberance leaving him with a maturity that belied his age. Faramir on the other hand had always been of a gentler and more serious manner, studious and shy, though devoted to his brother and always keen to seek his approbation, to the point that Prince Imrahil had often commented to his dear wife that the younger boy had his brother posted high upon a pedestal. The yearly trips to spend a few weeks of the summer in Dol Amroth had begun when Boromir was just a baby and had continued to be an eagerly awaited treat for both the boys. For little boys trapped and constrained by the walls of stone and by the rigid protocols of the Citadel these were blessed windows of freedom when they could forget duty and decorum and enjoy the normal pursuits of childhood; riding, swimming and exploring the shore for treasures with their cousins, simple pleasures, perhaps, but enjoyed and savoured all the more for their novelty. Prince Imrahil and his household tried very hard to make sure that the little Lords of Gondor enjoyed their few weeks of freedom and deliberately relaxed the running of the household to enhance the boy's experience. That is not to say that all the rules were abandoned; the Prince still insisted upon good manners and consideration for others and conscious of the safety of his wards had strict rules about them leaving the confines of the palace without an escort. He endeavoured to make this last edict more palatable by assigning escort duties to the younger of the Swan Knights who could watch the boys and join in their games. A door slamming within the family suite caused the Prince to draw a sharp intake of breath and count slowly in his head. By the time his slow count had reached twenty he was no closer to calmness. "My love, you cannot allow this to go on any longer. The boy is clearly crying out for attention and seems incapable of moderating his behaviour." His wife's gently spoken admonishment was accepted with grace and understanding. "I know, my dear. I just do not understand what has got into him. I have never known him to be so unruly," Imrahil replied sadly. "And it is not just that he is behaving badly here, Captain Cardolan reported that his behaviour on the journey here from Gondor 'left a lot to be desired' and if Cardolan had problems with him serious enough comment upon then it must have been serious!" Imrahil explained. "Poor Faramir, he is clearly very unhappy. Has he not said anything to you about what is troubling him?" "No. I have tried talking to him but he claims he is fine." "Perhaps he didn't want to come here this summer. Perhaps now that he is enrolled in the academy he no longer wishes to visit with us or maybe there is something happening in Minas Tirith that he didn't want to miss," his lady suggested. "Or someone!" Imrahil suggested thoughtfully. "I know he was disappointed that Boromir couldn't be here for the whole summer." "But Boromir is due here in a few days. Why would Faramir risk indulging in behaviour that he knows would cause his brother distress?" "Oh, I don't think he is thinking at all. Remember Elphir at that age? All emotions and confusion! I am sure it is just a phase and I have no doubt that Faramir is really upset with himself. . .he hates conflict and he would be mortified to think that Boromir was aware of his recent behaviour." "So what are you going to do?" she asked, already knowing that her husband had his own way of dealing with recalcitrant children. . . "Another discussion about acceptable behaviour?" "Oh, no, we are way past the point of discussion. I placed him on final warning yesterday after the incident with the geese." "I fear, my dear, you have already given him too many chances. Our boys know that had they caused such a ruckus that they would be eating their supper, and probably their break of fast, standing up. You do Faramir no favours by allowing him such leeway," his good lady counselled. "I know but I really wanted to avoid more drastic measures with the boy. I have never had to discipline Faramir in such a manner before," the Prince explained. "What, never!" "No. He has always been well behaved. The worst he has ever received from me is a swat and for that he was mortified. . .from his reaction you would have thought him convicted of some heinous crime. . .he is ever his own harshest critic." "So what has caused this latest upset?" "Faramir asked permission to join Elphir at his archery lesson. He was not impressed when I explained that he was still on restrictions for yesterdays mischief and that he was not to leave the palace without my express permission," Imrahil explained with a wry grimace at his wife's look of comprehension. "And I suppose he tried to wheedle his way back into your good graces?" "He did and when that failed he claimed that I was, and I quote ' a mean tyrant who had clearly been taking instruction from his father!' " Imrahil explained. "My dear, you are nothing like Denethor and Faramir loves you dearly. He would never compare you to his father if he were thinking clearly." "I know. I saw his reaction when he realised what he had said. He was clearly torn between remorse and anger. . .unfortunately his anger took the upper hand. . .hence the slammed door!" "What will you do now?" "Allow him time to calm down and consider his recent actions and then go and discuss his behaviour with him." "I take it you are planning more than a ' vocal ' discussion?" "Unfortunately, yes. The time for talking is long past. . .he is too lost to himself now to find his way back without a more proactive response from me." "It will be a hard lesson for him. . .you will need to tread lightly. Denethor's emotional neglect of that poor boy has left an indelible legacy of hurt." "Forgive me, my love, but in this matter I believe you may have underestimated the lad. I think his father's attitude has strengthened the boy in ways that are not always apparent. Faramir will never have Boromir's physical strength but he has a core of steel running through him that is tempered with each and every demonstration of Denethor's disdain or neglect. He has learned to live without his father's love; he relies on Boromir for that strength and support." "And on you, my dear. He relies on your approbation too." "I know and that is why I cannot fail him now. He needs to understand that I love him enough not to let his recent behaviour pass unchallenged !" Imrahil steeled himself for the upcoming confrontation with his nephew . . .but his plans were thwarted. oooOOOooo Faramir had stormed off to his room in a fury of swirling emotions. He really hadn't intended to argue with his uncle again, indeed, he couldn't explain even to himself where the maelstrom of hurt and confusion were coming from. He loved and respected his uncle, trusting him second only to Boromir to keep him safe. He hated to be at odds with his uncle and cousins and yet every time he opened his mouth he caused more upset. He was disgusted with his own behaviour and yet seemed unable to summon any restraint or self control. Every night he wept bitter tears of self-recrimination and promised himself to do better on the morrow, and yet each day brought only another failure. He didn't blame his uncle for confining him to the castle nor could he condemn his cousins for shunning his company; he had behaved appallingly. It didn't help his guilty conscience that he recognised that back home such behaviour would have seen him soundly thrashed. In Dol Amroth things were done differently, his uncle never resorted to the cane no matter how bad the provocation. Faramir was unsure just how he had avoided his uncle's disciplinary hand given his behaviour. . .his cousins seemed equally bemused and resentful of the fact. Equally appalling to Faramir was the realisation that when Boromir arrived he would be devastated to learn of his little brother's behaviour. Unable to bear the condemnation of his own conscience a moment longer, Faramir snatched a satchel from the closet and stuffed in a change of clothes, two books and the pocket knife and flintlock that Boromir had gifted him on his last birthday. He took a blanket from the bed and rolled it tightly before buckling it to the top of the bag. He clasped his cloak about his shoulders and slipped from his room. Making only one detour, the young fugitive made his way across the stable yard and through the open gateway into the outer ward. He moved quickly and with purpose, hoping that any staff going about their business would be too occupied to take especial notice of him. Once in the outer ward he ducked into an alcove and waited for the guard on the upper wall to turn and begin the return patrol back to the guardhouse. Avoiding the pathway atop the causeway, Faramir scrambled down to a lesser used pathway and edged his way carefully towards the end of the promontory. He didn't attempt to enter the old watchtower, instead he found himself a sheltered place to hide amongst the craggy rocks below the tower and settled in to await nightfall. The old watchtower was still technically within the palace environs. It sat at the end of a small rocky promontory, accessible only from the outer ward of the castle. In ages past it had been a lighthouse until the new harbour was built and a bigger lighthouse had been constructed at the entrance to the harbour. No longer having an official use the tower had been adopted by the Prince Adrahil's offspring as their playground; over many summers it had stood duty as castle, dungeon, dragon's lair or refuge, depending on the whim and imagination of the knights, damsels or adventurers utilising it. This summer however the tower was abandoned. A late spring storm had finally toppled the shingle roof at the top of the tower and had blown out many of the windows on the seaward side. Deemed unsafe for the youngster's games, the Prince had declared the tower off limits. oooOOOooo Whilst a search of the palace and the castle grounds was underway, Prince Imrahil questioned his sons about Faramir's disappearance but none had seen their wayward cousin. Questioning the staff elicited two pieces of information; an undercook revealed that Faramir had appeared at the kitchen requesting a picnic lunch for himself and his cousins, and a young stable lad thought he had seen the young lord crossing the yard, though he couldn't be certain that it was Faramir he had seen, not being