Lingering Shadow Chapter 1 Faramir, Stewardof Gondor was a happy man. He had finally discovered a position and a role for himself that was not at odds with his nature. He had discovered, to his surprise, that he possessed a natural talent for administration, a talent he wielded with a firm but temperate hand. He had the happy knack of being able to guide and encourage those who worked with him to achieving more than they thought themselves capable; he was quick and generous with praise and gentle and diplomatic when pointing out mistakes and failings. He had earned the respect of his fellow councillors, even the old guard of Denethor's council who were reluctant to change allegiance and forget old grievances. The new King was keenly aware of his Steward's strengths and regarded the younger man with great respect and affection, an affection shared by all of those of the King's closest circle of friends and family. As the first anniversary of the King's reign drew near, Faramir had taken upon himself the responsibility of overseeing the planned festivities. A ceremony of remembrance was planned to be followed by a festival to celebrate the recovery of the Gondor under the King's benevolent care. A colourful city of tents and booths had sprung up on the Pelenor to accommodate the great influx of citizens expected to attend. Fire pits were already smouldering, barrels of ales were ready to be tapped and the temporary city was buzzing with activity and anticipation. Having completed his final tour of inspection, Faramir, accompanied by his adjutant, Tamir, began the slow walk back up through the city gates, passing back and forth through the levels of the city. As they approached the Houses of Healing on the sixth level Faramir took a detour into the tranquil gardens and took a seat on a bench in the shade, indicating to Tamir to join him. "Well, Tamir, have we forgotten anything?" he asked, closing his eyes and turning his face towards the sun. "No, sir, I don't believe so," the young man replied, going through the sheaf of parchments and lists in his hand and ticking off a few final details. "Was there something I have overlooked, Sir?" "No," Faramir smiled at the youngster's worried expression. "Relax, Tamir, it is all done. I have never seen the city looking better. Everything is ready." "You should rest, Sir. Tomorrow will be a long day and you will be kept busy." Faramir no longer fretted over the youngster's habit of mothering him. Tamir wasn't the only one who thought he needed a keeper; both Arwen and Estel treated him like an indulged younger sibling, a habit also taken up by Legolas and Gimli and by the Queen's Elven brothers. The habit stemmed from his initial slow recovery from his injuries and he took their fussing with good grace. "I promise to be good, to eat my greens and go to bed early!" Faramir teased. "See that you do, Sir. I promised Prince Legolas that I would not let you work too hard," the youngster replied, seriously. "Well, I wouldn't want to get you into strife with the Prince." "Thank you, My Lord." "I have one last errand for you, Tamir, before you go off duty. Would you go and check with the Warden that his preparations are complete and that he has enough staff on duty for tomorrow." "Do you expect trouble, Sir?" "No more than usual when the ale flows freely. The healers will have a pavilion set up near the main gates to deal with casualties and the garrison will have extra patrols in the city and the campground. . .I don't expect more than sore heads and bruised knuckles," Faramir explained. "Very well, Sire. I will see to it and bid you goodnight." "Good night, Tamir." Faramir watched until the youngster disappeared into the healing halls and then made his way to the courtyard of the white tree. The Guards on duty, no longer masked by the King's command, stood impassively as the Steward approached the sapling. The tree was already as tall as Faramir and the slim branches were heavy with fragrant blossom. As he stood in its shadow a gentle breeze ruffled the leaves and a single perfect bloom fluttered like an offering to his feet. It was cold in the House of the Stewards in the Hallows and Faramir pulled his cloak tight about himself to keep out the chill. If anyone had asked the Keeper of the Hallows he would have reported that Lord Faramir was a frequent visitor. He had supervised the rebuilding of the fire damaged chamber and had had the marble tombs cleaned and repaired. Only the Steward and the King and his closest companions had been present when the tombs of Denethor and Boromir had been dedicated and, though both tombs were technically empty, there significance to the grieving Steward was not underestimated by those who cared for him. Faramir placed the single blossom on his brother's tomb and stood, head bowed, in silent salute. "Well brother," he whispered finally, sliding down to sit on the marble step, "it is all done." He didn't expect an answer but he still found comfort in his one-sided communication with his first ever and most supportive mentor. "I wish you could see the city, Boromir, it is so beautiful. . .I really believe we are on the road to recovery. The gates are finished and the repairs to the first and second circles are all but complete. Finally the city is free of those dreadful hovels behind where the old barracks stood. I hope father would have approved. . .I know he always despaired of the poverty and deprivation of those forced to endure that misery. . .he always hoped to one day see all of the citizens comfortably housed." "I wish you could have seen the city prosper. I know in my heart that at the end you had confidence in Aragorn to see our beloved city restored. He has done us proud, my brother. He is a good man and a good friend." "I wish I could be sure that you can see me now, that I could convince you that I am content. . .no, that I am happy! Happy as I never expected to be. I am to marry soon, my brother, and the only thing that mars my happiness is that you will not be there to tease and torment and support me in my happiness." "I wish you were here, Boromir. Tomorrow when we remember those who have gone, you will be in my heart. . .I will look up to the ramparts and I will imagine you there. . .do not forget me, my Boromir." As often when he visited the Hallows, Faramir lost track of time and it was Legolas who finally tracked him down. He made no comment as he gently shook the young Steward awake and helped him to his feet when his cramped legs protested the movement. "You missed supper. . .again!" the Elf chided as the two made their way back towards the Citadel. "Forgive me. . ." "There is no need to explain, my friend. Boromir is much on my mind as this anniversary approaches, though I doubt he would approve of you neglecting your own comfort and wellbeing just to keep him company." "No, he would likely have blistered my ears for such waywardness!. . .but I will have little time to pay my respects on the morrow and I would brave worse than his bluntest tirade to neglect my duty to him. . .or my father." "I do not question your diligence, my friend, but your absence was noted and Arwen and others were concerned." "I will apologise to her majesty. . ." "She does not expect apologies but I doubt not that she will fuss and cosset you. . .I'm afraid that until she has a babe to focus her maternal instincts upon that you will continue to inhabit the role of her surrogate offspring!" Legolas teased. "I suppose to her I am a mere youngster," Faramir grimaced wryly. "She is very fond of you and has great respect for all you have achieved. I know that she greatly appreciates all you have done to support Estel over this past year. You have both accomplished great things." "I am happy to serve His Majesty." "No, Faramir, you do far more than serve. Estel could not have succeeded as he has without you. All of Gondor follows your lead; you have eased the transition from Stewardship to the Crown seamlessly. You could have rejected his claim or stepped away and allowed him to struggle to win popular acclaim. You lead and the people of Gondor trust you enough to follow and for that Gondor owes you a huge debt of thanks." "He was the King. . .I never doubted that from the moment I set eyes upon him. I could no more have turned my back on him than I could have denounced my brother. . .I just wish Boromir could have seen him crowned." "I believe that somewhere from beyond the veil Boromir and Denethor can see and approve of what you have become. Boromir loved you and he knew your qualities and even your father, for all his faults and frailties, recognised his love for you at the end. They have every reason to be proud of you, Faramir. . .as do we all." They continued on in silence until they reached the courtyard both lost in their own thoughts. Legolas sensed that Faramir had more to say and that he was almost reluctant to voice his thoughts. "What troubles you, my friend?" he asked at the continued silence. "I am not troubled, it is just that. . .Do you ever wonder if you. . .if you deserve to be happy?" he blurted out. "No. Happiness is a precious gift of the Valar. . .it is our responsibility to embrace that grace and celebrate it to the full," Legolas explained. "Do you doubt your right to be happy, Faramir?" "NO. Oh, no. . .it is just that I never expected it and now, sometimes, I feel so full of it that I fear I will explode. . .and then I feel guilty that others, who deserved happiness, will never get to experience the blessings that I have been granted. . ." "Boromir would be happy to know that you have found joy, Faramir." "Yes I know, but he had so little joy or pleasure in his life. . .and he deserved more!" "And who is to say he has not found it? Do not allow your doubts to mar your own peace of mind. Trust, as I do, that he will have found his reward for his honour and valour in the next life. . .trust that the Valar will recognise his worth." ooooOOOOoooo The ceremony of remembrance and the celebrations that followed passed off without a hitch, and if his friends noticed the occasional melancholy glances that Faramir flashed up to the battlement, they made no comment, though the wordless support of his friends soon banished his brief sadness. It was an occasion for celebration and the festivities lasted long into the night. As the Steward had predicted, the healers were kept busy but only with twisted ankles and knocked heads and bruised knuckles; the cells of the jail housed a few drunken louts removed from the festivities by the marshals' and guards to sleep of their over-indulgence. Only one incident jarred the occasion for Faramir and it was so transitory that afterwards he passed it off as his imagination. It was nothing more than a face glimpsed in the crowd. Even as he registered the familiarity of the face the man disappeared from view. It was a face from the past, though the features were blurred and hidden behind ragged whiskers. And