Disclaimer: I don't own the intellectual property of Harry Potter, just some merchandise and this fun filled idea full of weird plots and stuff. AN: Story Edited as of 7/1/17 Did you know that some strange Muggle by the name of Churchill said that "History is written by the victors." [Tell me their story] "Spread out and find him!" Draco steadily leaned himself against the large debris, making sure to blend in with the dark shroud. All it took was one mistake for him to blow his cover, and give away his position. The worst part about the fiasco was the fact that he was still unaware of the error that he had committed. Still, even with the plan going awry, it wasn't a complete loss for him. There was a reason why a group of men was currently chasing him. "Let's see, a group of lowly Death Eater recruits, which means that they most likely have a low patience threshold. If I'm reading this right, then they'll move on to the next area in three...two...one..." "He's not here, that thief must've moved on to another location. Let's keep going!" Draco watched his pursuers abandon their current search to try their luck in the next area. Letting out an exasperated sigh, the blonde slumped down onto the granite floor. Rolling his head in a circular motion, he took out a small, brown bag from his robes and peered into it. "What's this..." Draco mumbled, confused by the contents that he had uncovered. These were all magazines, but none of them held titles that he was familiar with. "Fiesta? Knave? Razzle? Why would they be in such a tizzy over these? Do they hold some kind of big secret...?" Casually flipping open one of the pictorial digests, Draco was completely unprepared for the exotic images to bombard his sight. Flushing in embarrassment, he quickly slammed it shut and averted his eyes from the less-than-proper material. He wasn't a naïve virgin by any stretch of the imagination, but the very idea that this was what they were trying to guard baffled him. However, rather than discard the magazines, he discreetly kept them with him. "There has to be a reason why these things were highly valued. I'll have to do a bit more research to see what it could be." Softly yawning, Draco looked up to the sky while shaking his head. It was a horrid, monochromatic pitch black that did not hint at clearing anytime soon. The tight and almost suffocating atmosphere seemed to match the bleak and dreadful predicament that the Wizarding World was suffering from. Few, if any, major cities escaped unscathed from the ruination of the grand scale battles. Draco suddenly keeled over while clutching at the inner part of his left arm, hissing a low profanity under his breath. Usually, the pain arrived in the form of a dull ache, one that he could simply ignore from all the adrenaline that would subsequently course through his body. However, this time it was overwhelming him to the point where it was effectively blocking out his other senses. It was impossible for him to overlook it. The blonde continued to clamp down on the afflicted arm when he felt it start to involuntarily tremble. Gritting his teeth, he attempted to summon the mental discipline he'd learned from Occlumency to calm his mind ; which unfortunately didn't seem to work. He grimaced at the realization that the source of agony was causing him enough torment that it was starting to overtake his consciousness. Pain relief topped Draco's priority list with the extreme amount of discomfort becoming increasingly unbearable. He did have an emergency potion available but due to its limited quantity and the distance he still had to traverse, he resisted the temptation to use it. Still, that didn't help his current situation in which he was struggling to cope with the pain. Draco grimaced when he realized just how vulnerable he was in this weakened state. If another person, one that was cognizant of his status, were to stumble upon him, then the likely scenario would be his immediate capture or death. Neither option appealed to his sensibility. Taking a look around, Draco noticed a capsized cart on the side of the road and made his decision. Rolling up the left sleeve of his black robe, he tore off a piece of his worn-out shirt before tightly wounding it around his exposed forearm. Feeling his limb become numb, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath before slamming it against toppled wagon. He groaned in pain while dragging his arm across the sharp edges. "Merlin," Draco had hoped that the shock from his self-inflicted wound would somehow counteract the one that was bothering him. But, the only thing that he managed to accomplish was the furtherment of more pain. The spasms were getting worse and he was running out of options. Was he really going to let everything end like this? "No," he shook his head, "I'm not going to let myself be turned into one of those mindless sycophants! But...Snape told me...? What did he say...?" His mind was in shambles. It was becoming excruciatingly intolerable. Draco let out a low, guttural cry before blindingly bashing his head onto whatever was nearby. For some unfathomable reason, the concussive blow was enough to dull the excruciating pain. The throbbing spasms had subsided to a more bearable level while his senses were slowly returning to normalcy. Why did it work? The only response that Draco could give was a nonchalant shrug. Ever since he trekked across Magical Britain, all in an effort to survive, Draco had made one rash decision after another. He had learned early on that there would be times when it was better to act first, ask questions never. A short yawn escaped from the back of his head while he leaned against a dull surface to help stabilize his balance. Drip Drip "Hm? Is it raining right now?" Draco scratched the back of his head, wondering if he should find cover and soon. The blonde's eyes meandered towards the sky and saw the same pitch black void stare back at him. It indicated emptiness and revealed nothing- or maybe that was just an imagination from the depths of his subconscious. Drip Drip This time he looked down and saw that the droplets were not water, but rather blood. Tracing his fingers up to the source, he could vaguely guess that a gash had formed around his forehead. A small frown entered his face before conceding that fact that the wound was a small price to pay. "Hey, did you hear?" "What's up?" Draco closed his eyes while shaking his head. He found it unbelievable just how bad his luck appeared to be during this recent stretch of his life. The only silver lining he could find was that neither of the speakers had noticed his presence. This most likely meant that they were merely halting to have a conversation. Wiping some of the blood off his face, Draco calmed his heartbeat and silenced his breathing before knotting some of the loose laces from his boots. Licking his dry lips, he then steadily inched closer to where he heard the discussion taking place. It had been a while since he had heard of any news, so any helpful information that he could get hold of was a welcome addition to his ears. "They said that the war is coming to an end and that the Dark Lord knows where the golden boy is hiding. So it's only a matter of time before they find him and eliminate him." Hearing those words used in that specific tone brought back memories of a time when dodging mortality was not at the top of his priority list. If the circumstances were different, and he had heard the same statement being uttered in his presence, then there was a good chance that he would've joined them in agreement – heck, he might've been one of the loudmouth braggarts to lead the boisterous declaration. Now? "War really does change a person…" Draco bitterly thought, mentally cringing at the recollection of his sophomoric behavior. The death of Dumbledore, the escape from Hogwarts, the death sentence from the dark, the hefty bounty from the light , the harsh slap of reality – all of this predicated on the choice that he did not – no, could not make. However, even with such knowledge at hand, the nightmares did not lessen, making the prospect of a peaceful slumber a luxury. Knowing that the rest of the talk would be nothing more than gossip, Draco tuned them out. Now that he was ready to move again, he would need to clear the path. While he could technically try to sneak by them, there was a chance that he would be spotted along the way. It was a lot safer for him to minimize all possible risks than to pretend that he had an Invisibility Cloak at hand. Scanning the area, Draco spotted an unusually heavy looking rock from the corner of his eyes. Picking it up, he felt nothing abnormal radiating from the stone. The only thing noteworthy was how the smooth surface felt unnaturally rough against his callused fingers. Not having any viable reason for holding onto it, he cocked his arm back and launched it as far as he could in the opposite direction of where the patrol unit was having its conversation. "I heard something! It came from over there!" Much to Draco's surprise, the rock he had thrown somehow caught their attention. Not wanting to press his luck, he continued to stay hidden while observing the two to get a gauge upon when the coast would be clear. It seemed like they were angrily arguing over something, with plenty of pointing and hand gestures flying around until they came to some type of agreement. This was evident by them nodding to each other before they headed towards the location of the sound. Watching them leave the premise, he quickly popped out from his hiding spot and hunched down into a low stance before moving to the next sector. "Alright, what do we have here?" Draco muttered to himself in a low voice. Ducking behind a broken wall, he rapidly scouted the area, mentally creating a map of his surroundings and the nearby Death Eaters. From what he had seen, he was able to ascertain the status of the patrol unit simply from its use of magic – or lack thereof. While there was no restriction upon the usage of spells, there were certain unfavorable conditions that came upon the one that had done the casting. Unless the user was powerful and confident enough in their abilities, it was agreed upon that people would simply limit their usage of magic within safely warded parameters. It was downright humiliating at times to act like a Muggle, but when lives were at stake, none of it mattered. Assessing all of the information that he had gathered, Draco knew that they were all either new entry recruits or low-level grunts. Their patrol routes were predictable and they wouldn't be able to use any spells. Carefully watching the nearby guard, he waited until the person's back was turned before maneuvering around some giant craters and loose debris. He made sure to keep his physical presence hidden as much as possible, ducking and hiding behind large covers so that there would be a lower risk of being discovered by any roaming eyes. Spotting an empty but standing building off to the side, Draco quickly made his way to the entrance and poked his head around to do a quick sweep. Aside from the usual collateral damage that everything had suffered during this tragic war, it didn't look worse for the wear. It was definitely safe enough to go in and catch a breather for a second. Sighing