Story Note "Text" - Dialogue "Text" - Inner/thought dialogue Disclaimer: The intellectual property of Harry Potter and all those associated with it belongs to JK Rowling. This is all just for my entertainment and amusement. Author's Note: So, normally I don't like to put these on my stories but eh...I thought I would give a bit of insight into the initial reason for the creation of this particular story. A mistake. While I was trying to write the next chapter (or was it guideline) for my other story, a small snippet of potential romance appeared. At first, I was going to gloss over it and most likely ignore doing anything with it. However, I was getting slightly bored of trying to write in that particular atmosphere. So like a buffoon I wasted time fiddling around with writing a random scene that would not fit into the dreadful tone. When I finished doodling with it, I found myself staring at a pretty lengthy work but knew that none of it would fit into the story. So instead of scrapping the entire thing, I decided to keep the general theme but rewrite good portions of it so that it would become a stand-alone tale. With that out of the way, this story will most likely not be a priority for me and will be updated infrequently. Well...unless this one gets a high amount of interest from the readers, then it might get bumped up on my priority list. But for now, just realize that this is just some mere dabbling, nothing more, nothing less. James Potter. His father is known as one of the most prominent businessmen in the Wizarding world. He is also considered to be one of the most handsome and intelligent guys out there, easily able to win the favor of the opposite sex. The pride and joy of the Potter line. This is the way people have always regarded him. However, did he ever mind this sort of treatment? If he was honest with himself then he would admit to the fact that he didn't have a single complaint in the way he was viewed. He learned to embrace the spotlight that society had placed upon him for being the Potter heir. But, in the last ten years, if there was one thing that gnawed at his consciousness, then it was the fact that he had never have been able to score a single victory in any match against a particular girl. "What am I doing," James couldn't help but sigh at the absurdity of his current predicament. Here he was, on a weekday, with plenty of things to finish for his school and family. Yet, rather than do any of them, he had chosen to be here. Just how did he, the great James Potter, find himself in this situation? Leaning forward, he straddled the fence and continued to look out onto the night sky. James knew what the answer was, with it all being centered around the aforementioned female that was standing right beside him. The auburn-haired witch, Lily Evans. James turned his head to stare at Lily for a few more minutes. No matter how many times he looked at her, he never grew tired of the sight. "Yes, Potter?" Lily finally said, noticing James' lingering gaze. She looked back at the black-haired wizard with the same, indifferent expression that she usually held. However, upon closer inspection, it was clear from the angle of her eyes that she was curious as to what James was doing. A small smirk appeared at the corner of his lips, his mind deciding on his next course of action. Crossing his arms, he then told her, "Hey Lily? How about one final match..." [Ten years ago] The beginning of the story can be traced back a decade ago, during a time period before James Potter even stepped foot into Hogwarts. This was when he was still an innocent child, one that viewed the entire world as nothing more than his personal playground. "Hey James!" "Good morning James~" James stood at the entrance of the school, with his hands shoved into his robes and a confident smile donned across his face. Strutting down the hallways, he acknowledged each person's greetings before reaching his assigned locker. It was common knowledge that all magical children had a choice of either attending primary school in the muggle world, or getting educated at home. There was no universally accepted curriculum, or rules on what they could or could not be taught. However, there was one law that every minor witch and wizard had to follow, and that was to follow the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery. Aside from that? The children's parents had free reign on what they taught their kids. This was considered the norm by society's standard and nobody had a problem adhering to this. That was how everything operated in the magical world. If it ain't broke, then don't fix it! Just fulfill the status quo established by the past and don't cause any unnecessary trouble. That was before the Potter line was able to produce an heir. This was also before Fleamont Potter inherited his seat in the Wizengamot. But, both conditions were soundly met when Henry Potter finally stepped out from the spotlight and Dorea gave birth to James. James' father, having already gone through much of the public education, knew that the set traditional guidelines would not be ideal for optimizing and cultivating his son's talents. Sure, he could've easily abided by the rules and pushed his child to fall in line with all the other purebloods. It would've been much simpler if he formed James in the image of what an heir was supposed to be. Fleamont Potter would have none of that nonsensical drivel. Once he took up his seat on the Wizengamot, he immediately took it upon himself to use his spot for the betterment of his family – more specifically to help create the best environment to raise his heir. The first thing he did was ensure his beliefs and ideologies and hold steadfast to them no matter what issue came forth in the court. Afterward, he made sure to carefully craft alliances to which would be beneficial to his cause in the long run. Finally, he made his presence felt when he was able to successfully repel an old system that was in place since the creation of the Wizengamot. All of this was done within the first two months of Fleamont replacing his father. He wasn't done with his plans yet, not by a long shot. Wanting to take advantage of the gathered momentum, Fleamont quickly put forth an innovation in regards to the education system. Using both the media and the Potter name, he quickly spread news of what his intentions were. The Potters would be constructing a privately funded school that would be set up to teach those of the younger generation. More specifically, the targeted demographic were those that would not be eligible to attend school. To further demonstrate the determination of making this a success, the children would not only be taught by Dorea, but also from other teachers that would come from overseas. Naturally, a few questions arose in regards to such a radical shift in ideology to which Fleamont was able to decisively answer. ~Transcription from newspaper clipping~ Reporter: Mr. Potter, sir, are you trying to insinuate that all of our children should be going to the Potter manor to receive their education? Fleamont: No, no, certainly not! Every family is free to do what they wish since I can only make the same claim that every other parent does, in that I wish the very best for my child. All I was trying to state was that the Potter house is now open to those that wish to partake in the same education that my son will be receiving. Reporter: Is there any criteria to join? Fleamont: (Chuckling) Well, the easiest way to ensure a spot here is to pay a nominal entrance fee. Of course, the payment itself does not guarantee that your child will be staying. Not only will they have to behave themselves, but they are also required to maintain a certain grade level. Reporter: What about those that can't pay for it? Fleamont: We will have a spot or two open for scholarship based students that are able to pass a strict and difficult entrance exam. Reporter: Can anyone enter? Fleamont: Well... Reporter: What she means to ask, is if you'll be taking halfbloods and mudbloods. (Another pause) Fleamont: First of all, I would rather you not use such distasteful language when impressionable individuals could be watching this. Secondly, does it matter what their blood status is? If they are able to pass this rigorous test and are able to properly follow the guideline, then it matters not, correct? (Dramatic pause) Fleamont: On that note, I will say that some families such as the Longbottom, Lovegood, Weasleys, Black, Zabini, uh...Nott and a few others will be joining us until the time comes for them to come of age when they are allowed to attend school. The news conference was a resounding success with the Potter's receiving numerous applications from different branching families. However, there was still a good majority, especially from the ancient, noble houses, that decided to use the 'wait-and-see' approach. By the following year, the number of potential enrolling applicants had more than tripled, with the school receiving firm support from the government. By the time James was old enough to be taken into consideration for enrollment, the school had built up quite an excellent reputation. It didn't hurt that the teachers that taught here went on to become professors at other esteemed academies. Once James was finished sorting through his locker room and closed the doors, he was immediately flanked by his friends Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. "We're going to be playing Light versus Dark against Lucius and the other guys after school. Wanna come and join us?" Sirius asked in an excited voice. "With you there, we're gonna win for sure!" "Yeah, come play with us," Remus chimed in a bit hesitantly from the other side. Walking to his classroom, he then raised his arm before apologizing, "Sorry guys, but I have a tutor coming over after school. If anything, I think you guys should spend some time studying as well." James stepped into the room and was immediately greeted by two female classmates. "Good morning James~ I saw your father in the newspaper today!" "Me too, me too! It said that he was planning on opening another hotel. That is so amazing~ I wish I could stay at such a beautiful hotel!" James knew that the two girls were doting on him simply on the basis of his father's accomplishments. This was not a big secret, in fact, he had already become used to it. It could be said that he didn't mind, he knew what they were after and rather than complain about it, he used it for his own personal gains. Closing his eyes, he then shrugged before answering in a nonchalant manner, "Oh that? That's probably the promotion for the newly opening Potter business in France." Both girls looked in amazement while one gasped out, "France?!" Before the discussion could go any further, the bell signaling the start of class began to ring. While the students scrambled around to get to their assigned seats, the female teacher calmly walked into the room and smiled at all of them. Once all the children were seated, the instructor nodded before greeting them. "Good morning class! While I take attendance I will also be returning the tests that we took last week. So if I call your name, please come and take it." The teacher rattled off the roster sheet, making sure to give encouraging statements to each student that came to