Finally I am giving you readers the closure you deserve. I wrote this piece 2 years ago and finally edited it today after finding myself really wanting to write but so blocked out. My lovely, fantastic readers, hopefully this ending will give you the ending that you wanted/needed for all the stories I never closed. I want to stop making promises that I can't keep so here is a cute little piece that I've held close to my heart for so long and am finally publishing. (I don't own the characters) I saw a spider, I might've screamed "Uh Annabeth..." Percy mumbled with wide eyes. "Don't move." "What?" I asked, putting my hands on my hips with intended sarcasm. I felt something tickling my scalp and realized what he was talking about. "Spider," He whispered. "Ahhhhhhhh! Get it off me!" He rolled a piece of paper and unsuccessfully swung at my head. "Stay still!" He yelled. "Kill it now or I will kill you!" I threatened. He finally swung it off my head and stomped on it as it fell to the floor. Did I mention that I have arachnophobia? I jumped into his arms fearing that another spider was nearby. When there is one spider, there's usually another somewhere close by. When I realized how awkward it was that I was clinging to him for life, I removed myself from him and pretended to brush nonexistent dust off of me. "You weren't kidding when you said you were scared of spiders," He chuckled and I scowled. "I'm not scared of spiders." I grumbled, defiantly crossing my arms over my chest. "Talk about hubris," he said while shaking his head then walking away. But I can spar with you any day, just go ahead and challenge me "I'm betting on Percy," Connor said with a smirk. "Have you ever seen Annabeth spar? She definitely has him beat," Travis replied smoothly and I smiled. Percy challenged me to a sparring match and the entire camp was anxious to watch. "Nu-uh," Connor whined. "Uh-huh," Travis retaliated. "Nu-uh!" "Uh-huh!" "Shut up!" I yelled, getting into my fighting stance, shifting my weight from foot to foot. Travis and Connor nodded reluctantly and prepare to watch Percy and I fight, just like the others. "Ready to go down?" Percy asked. "Is that supposed to be a threat?" I asked earnestly. "Maybe," He said with a smile, throwing his sword, Riptide, to my feet. We slashed and stabbed at each other endlessly, trying but failing to take the lead. We were equal opponents and always had difficulty beating each other. Suddenly, I had a plan. An old tree root was protruding from the ground a few yards away from Percy. I decided to back him into it and cause him to trip and fall. "Is that all you got?" Percy chuckled, practically reading my mind, slashing at my ankles. "N-" I tripped over another tree root that had appeared out of nowhere and fell onto my back. I had to move fast if I still wanted a chance. Before I could budge from the uncomfortable position on my back, Percy was bending over me with his sword inches from my neck. "Dead," he shouted as the crowd cheered. Then I did something spontaneous and risky. I grabbed the sides of his arms and flipped his over to where I was on top. I snatched his hilt from his hand and put both weapons above his neck. "Nu-uh," I chuckled. "Dead." The bystanders cheered and the astonished look finally faded from his green eyes. "Unfair, I propose a rematch!" Connor whined. "Nu-uh!" Travis screamed. And I chose books over girly things "Open up Annabeth!" Percy was banging on my cabin door, failing miserably to persuade me stop what I was doing to let him in. "No," I spat, already consumed with my befuddling middle ages architecture novel. "Why?" He whined. I could feel him slumping against the door in defiance. "Because I said so." I retorted while eloquently flipping the page of my book. "Oh I see..." He mumbled. "Too busy doing girly stuff to hang with her best friend." He did not just go there. "What girly stuff?" I asked hoarsely. I couldn't recall the last thing I did that would send off a feminine impression. "You know." "Actually Perseus, I don't know." I rolled my eyes even though I knew he couldn't see them. "Just lemme in," he groaned, beginning to pound on the door once more. I finally gave in and unlocked the door for him. "So what are you actually doing?" He asked. "Reading." I sighed, trying to block him out of my mind but failing miserably. "Boring," he groaned and plopped next to me on my bunk. "I'm sure there's a book around here that you'd be interested in," I mused. "Not unless one of your siblings owns the Little Mermaid." Then I had an idea. "Stay here," I commanded, running off to the bookcase in the back of the cabin. I scanned through the titles until I found something fitting. "Here we go." I handed him the book and watched for his reaction. "The History of Aquifers? What in Hades is an aquifer?" He screeched, searching my eyes for answers. "Read and you'll find out." And I'd take these suckers down 'cause they just get in my way "Move," I growled. "Make me," Percy replied. "Don't make me ask again." "Maybe add a please and I'll consider moving." I scowled. "Don't say I didn't warn you!" I yelled and tackled him to the ground. "Move away from the diary!" He scowled and grabbed my diary in his hand causing a fiery anger to ignite inside of me. "Just one page!" He whined, failing miserably to give me puppy dog eyes. "Never," I replied before tickling him under his chin until he dropped the book. "Not... fair!" He laughed and I smirked. I grabbed my diary off the floor and shrugged at him with a winning smile. "Oh you're in for it..." He mumbled and my eyes widened as he started tickling my stomach. "Get... off... Percy!" I giggled. Since when do I giggle? "Not until you hand over the diary." He replied and I scowled. "But... it's... pri...vate!" I laughed. For a second his face looked sympathetic, like he would stop and let me leave, but then his expression transformed into something else. He was looking at me with the weirdest expression that I couldn't help but stare back. The tickling stopped and before I knew it... Malcolm walked in. "Sorry, am I interrupting anything?" He asked with a chuckle. With that we scrambled away from each other and shouted simultaneously in reply. "No!" The way you look at me is kinda like a little sister I never purposely eavesdropped but Chiron had told to keep an extra eye on Percy today. In some ways, I guess that somewhat gives me permission to listen in on his conversation with Connor. "Hey, where's Annabeth?" Percy asked. Today he wouldn't see me because I was too busy being his shadow. "How should I know? She's always with you!" Connor yelled. I take that as an offense. I'm not always with him. I'm just with him most of the time. "That isn't true," Percy replied. "Oh please, some of the camp even thinks that you're in some kind of secret relationship behind our backs!" What in Hades? Just because I wanted to be in a relationship doesn't mean that we actually are in a "secret relationship." Just to make it clear, we're not dating. "No way, Annabeth is like my little sister. It isn't like that," Percy replied quickly. There go my hopes for ever being in any kind of relationship with him . Another one bites the dust. "If you say so man," Connor shrugged and left the clearing. Percy sat down on a nearby rock and buried his head in his hands. Maybe this is why I'm looking after him, something is clearly wrong. He sighed and stood up and murmured something inaudible under his breath. Now I was really worried about him. "Percy?" I asked, walking into the clearing. He spun around and sighed. "Oh, it's just you." A form of a smile flickered on his face for a moment but soon faded. "Yeah... it's just me." I murmured under my breath softly. "All I'll ever be." You high five your goodbyes and it leaves me nothing but blisters "So I guess this is it," I mumbled with a sigh. This would be the last time I would see Percy, unless something happened at camp, for an entire year. "Yep," Percy sighed, rocking on his heels. We were both waiting for our parent's cars to pick us up from half-blood hill. Summer was over and everyone was just plain depressed. I spotted my dad's van pulling up and I turned to my other friends. "Grover!" I cried with a smile, pulling my best goat friend into a bone crushing hug. I gave quick hugs to Katie, Travis, and a few other campers I'd befriended this summer. Then I approached Percy with a ghost of a smile on my face. I wish I had a photographic memory so I could just capture his image in my mind and keep it there until next summer. "Bye Percy." I was about to hug him, raising my arms to reach his new height. But instead, he high-fived one of my hands and suppressed a wave. Part of me was disappointed that he didn't even hug me goodbye, but I just chuckled. I sent a wave to all the campers and started the short walk down the hill. "Hey Annabeth?" Percy yelled and I whirled around to hear what he had to say. Everything inside me was hoping for him to give me a more meaningful goodbye or maybe hint that he'd call me later or something. "Yeah?" I replied with hopeful eyes. He looked like he was about to say something but the look in his eyes changed. "Your... your shoes untied." I looked down to find the shoelaces of one of my shoes untied and I sighed internally. I turned back around and started my trip towards my car, ignoring the shoe, and focusing on swallowing the tears threatening to spill from my grey eyes. I looked down at my hands, callused and blistered from training. I decided that meaningless goodbyes from my best friend wouldn't break my heart, just blister it. Overtime the blisters would heal over into calluses, only to blister again next summer. So I don't wanna be one of the boys, one of the guys, Just give me a chance to prove to you tonight That I just wanna be one of the girls Pretty with curls and not one of the boys I looked in my cabin mirror at my muddy clothes, bruised legs, and frizzy hair. I was the opposite of perfection. Half the time I didn't even look like a girl. "Hey Anna," Malcolm's calming voice echoed through the Athena cabin. "Hi," I whispered, He noticed what I was doing and approached me. "You have the prettiest curly hair," He chuckled, letting my hair fall through his fingers. "You seem to be the only one who thinks so." "Where's that beautiful confident smile that makes everyone's day?" Malcolm asked with a grin. I smiled slightly. "Let's see some teeth!" He chuckled and I sent him a toothy grin. "That's my girl." "So..." I started. "Oh I almost forgot. I was coming to get you for a special game of capture the flag." Malcolm grabbed my arm and dragged me out of our cabin. "Special?" I asked with my eyebrow raised slightly. "You'll see." He smiled and brought me to the clearing. "Today we're doing captains and teams, not cabins," Clarisse announced. I pondered the idea for a moment. "Any nominees for captains?" She asked warily. Her cabin