Beta by vanillaghost Harry couldn't stop staring at the baby. The little boy lay there in the crib, his brown eyes wide and looking at him with childish curiosity. Gripping his wand a little tighter, a strange feeling curled in the pit of Harry's stomach. Something he hadn't experienced in a long time. Doubt. And the question of 'what if'. What if he was making the same mistake Voldemort once did? The familiarity of the situation was hilarious in its irony. Oh, the irony. The boy appeared on the verge of crying, alarmed by the presence of the stranger leaning over him. The 'Avada Kedavra' danced on Harry's lips, but the constant nagging in his mind made him hesitate. He didn't have a horcrux. He didn't need one. Yet the mere possibility of his own spell rebounding was beyond terrifying. It had with Voldemort all those years ago, so why wouldn't it happen again? No, he couldn't, he wouldn't use magic. He scanned the small chamber, passing over countless toys, a small table, and a wardrobe. There wasn't much to look at. Harry considered returning downstairs in search of something more suitable when his eyes locked onto the wooden bars of the crib. That would do. His wand safely tucked into the sleeve of his coat, Harry conjured a small portion of magic on his fingertips before he gripped one of the bars and pulled. Another flick of his power and the flat end of the wooden piece was now as sharp as a dagger. The small weapon felt strange and foreign in his palm, yet he forced the unsettling sensation into the back of his mind. Harry bent over the crib, lowering the wooden piece until it touched the chest of the wriggling child, right where its heart beat. His hand shook yet no matter how sorry he felt for this innocent life, he couldn't let the boy live. Not if Harry wanted to remain the Master of Death. Not if he wanted to remain alive. He wondered if Voldemort had felt like this too. The thought of his former enemy strengthened his resolve. Now was not the time to be sentimental. The child whimpered softly and without looking at the boy's face, Harry stabbed him in one precise movement of his arm. And then another. And another. Until he just couldn't stop. The sight of the mutilated body should have made him sick. Or the blood covering his hands. Instead Harry felt tired, drained, and a little disgusted with himself. But he was still there. Still in his own body, not a floating spirit as Voldemort had become after trying to murder him. Without a second thought, Harry dropped the bloody wooden piece to the floor and Apparated away. The house was as quiet as ever when Harry returned, heart hammering in his chest. He had finally succeeded. After five months of losing sleep over the Prophecy and endless searching for the boy. After countless nights of pacing around his rented flat, debating with himself over the possible outcome of events. Harry walked toward his bedroom where he crumpled face first onto the bed without taking his shoes off. Sometimes he missed the frame of his glasses digging into his face. The random thought passed as quickly as it came. He shut his eyes and took a deep breath. It was done, but he was still discontent. There was something missing and Harry hated it. This sensation of emptiness that persisted for years ever since the Battle of Hogwarts. He had once been briefly exalted. To finally be free of the responsibilities previously trusted upon him; from Voldemort, from everything. He'd been eager to begin his life anew with Ron and Hermione. But the sweet illusion quickly shattered. As years passed, it didn't take him long to notice the arrested development of his body. Especially when his friends matured and their age began to visibly show. All the while Harry still didn't look a day older than seventeen. Not since Voldemort died. Harry shortly departed Britain after bidding farewell to Ron and Hermione. All under the weak excuse of needing some time to himself. After two months of research, he finally found his answers in a small Albanian wizarding village where there lived a group of dark wizards obsessed with the Deathly Hallows. At first Harry had been reluctant to meet with people so emerged in the Dark Arts, but the burning need to know made him seek their company without a second thought. He met them under a glamour. They were a group of hostile elderly people who didn't enjoy the company of strangers very much. After only a few days spent there, Harry was shocked he hadn't put the pieces together himself. All three hallows were in his possession. He was the Master of Death. With this discovery in mind, he intended to spend only a few days in Germany to sort out his thoughts. But days turned into months and months turned into years. Even his correspondence with Ron and Hermione became something akin to a burden. He simply wasn't able to return to Britain and pretend everything was well and fine. He hadn't even attended their wedding under the excuse of poor health. Instead Harry dwelled on the one thing he had run from all his life. He began to study the Dark Arts. He'd been so sure of himself back then, so convinced he was strong enough to fight the temptation. Time had proven him wrong. Knowledge, especially important and valuable knowledge, came with a high price. Yet Harry was willing to pay it. Immortality sounded tempting, but forever was a long time. He never returned to England, the name of 'Harry Potter' still on the lips of a great number of people. They were desperate to see their hero, the boy who twice defeated The Dark Lord. Harry hated the attention. In Germany, all he had to do was cover his scar and he was another teenager blending into the crowd. That uneventful period of his life had been left behind with the arrival of that Seer. She somehow managed to track him down in order to let Harry know about the so-called prophecy she had received. He hadn't believed her at first. Why would he? For all he knew, she could be a mad woman or another desperate fan who wanted to meet him by any means possible. That was before he had entered her mind. After years of practice with willing and unwilling subjects, Harry became quite good with Legilimency. It hadn't taken him long to find the memory. Three clear sentences spoke of his death once a certain child reached maturity. Harry had Obliviated the woman, making her forget about the existence of the prophecy, and about her meeting with him. Then Harry came to the surprising conclusion that he didn't want to die. He had so much to learn and see. The possibility of actually doing so was now more appealing than ever. He finally understood Voldemort. When one had and knew so much, he was desperate to keep it for as long as possible. Harry literally had eternity. The prophecy may prove to be self-fulfilling, but it was a risk he was willing to take. He couldn't allow a mere child take what he had. After all, Harry deserved every bit of it after all he'd been through. At least that's what he told himself while planning the murder of the two-year-old boy. The dead boy wouldn't get out of his head. Harry gave up on tying to sleep and opened his eyes. He scanned the room until he found the one thing he was unconsciously looking for; the Resurrection Stone. He had come back for it in the Forbidden Forest a few days after The Battle of Hogwarts. He told himself he was just keeping it safe. Now it seemed like a joke. Harry stood up and made his way toward the desk where he took the stone in hand. He hadn't used it since that night when Voldemort killed the horcrux inside of him. Simply hadn't had the time. He wanted to use it now. Harry itched with the need. The question was who to call back? He didn't really want to see his parents. Remus or Sirius wouldn't be much better either. None of them would like what he's become. Harry didn't know why he chose him of all people. Maybe he was truly crazy now. As he turned the stone for the third time in his hand, he felt the shift in the atmosphere, the subtle drop in temperature. He was here. "Harry Potter." Harry turned, and there he was. But he was not how Harry expected to see him. The man before him was not the snake-like Voldemort he was used to. No, he was almost the handsome Tom Riddle he'd seen in Dumbledore's memories in his sixth year at Hogwarts. Only older. Twenty or so years older, maybe thirty. Harry could only guess. The other man was not dressed in the robe he had died in, but in a plain white shirt and black pants. In fact, there was something strangely muggle about his wardrobe. The dead man glared at him, his eyes not leaving Harry's face even once. "Voldemort," Harry acknowledged. The man still stared at him as if Harry was the ghost, not the other way around. His now gray eyes were locked on Harry's forehead, most likely trying to catch sight of the scar under his bangs. Maybe he was trying to confirm that Harry was, well, Harry. "It's me." "How?" The man seemed to want to close the distance between them just to get a closer look at Harry. "How am I still alive? Well, the spell rebounded and you were the one who-" Voldemort's harsh voice interrupted him mid-sentence. "Don't lecture me on such obvious things, boy. I'm asking why you still look like this after all these years!" Harry tried to ignore the sudden urge to curse Voldemort for speaking to him in that tone. But it wasn't like he could actually do so. The next best thing on the list was to send him back where he came from. But that would be quite immature on his part. "I'm hardly a boy anymore, so I'd appreciate it if you could stop addressing me as such," Harry complained. "Or like another one of your followers. Let's not forget who brought you here in the first place." If Voldemort was surprised by Harry's behavior, he hid it well. He still looked displeased but at least appeared to be more civil. It was rather suspicious. "It's going to take a long time to explain," Harry announced as he made his way toward the king sized bed and sat down. "Am I going anywhere?" Voldemort just stood there. If someone had previously told Harry he was going to have a conversation with Voldemort's ghost in his bedroom of all places, he would have laughed. And so he told the other everything. It wasn't like The Dark Lord could do anything with the information. The older-looking man appeared rather intrigued when Harry got to the part of him dwelling in The Dark Arts, and by the time The Prophecy was mentioned his interest was clearly stirred. "Another Prophecy, how curious…" His eyes found Harry's and whatever he saw gave him the answer he was looking for, but Voldemort wasn't surprised. "You killed the child." What was the point in lying to him of all people? "I did." He couldn't help but feel annoyed at the other's smug face. "How did you know?" Voldemort moved a step closer to where he stood, looking down at Harry. Riddle was almost transparent, the desk and its contents being visible enough for Harry to see. "I told you once, Harry. There are strange likenesses between the two of us. You made the same