beta by lunalcvegoocl "Take off your shoes." Despite knowing better, as if he was driven by some unseen force, Harry lifted his green eyes. The man appeared to be in his fifties or so; golden hair caught into a low ponytail and a somewhat amused expression on his angular face as he regarded Harry. From such a short distance the man seemed to be around the same height as Harry himself, broad shouldered and rather bulky underneath his tailored suit held together with sleek buttons around his midsection. Harry disliked him immediately. Yet, he exhaled and bowed down to untie his shoelaces like the obedient pet they expected him to be, aware he was being watched closely. The living room was filled with silence as he stood up next to his dirty trainers, waiting for the man to address his presence. He did not. Instead, hands clasped behind his back, he examined Harry from head to toe, not saying a word, stony expression not betraying his emotions or thoughts about the boy. A clever man. It was becoming clear that the man in front of him knew the exact buttons to press to strike fear in others, how to set them on edge, hanging onto his every word; and it did not benefit Harry in the slightest. Harry knew the tales about masters such as these. Just the usual. They were neither too young nor too old, bored, uninterested, some cruel and some kind. Ordinary. Kindness appeared to be lacking in the blonde man before him and that was just from one glance. Still, Harry was sure he wasn't wrong. "My name is Gellert Grindelwald," the man finally began, his tone as if he was making an announcement in front of a large crowd, not standing three feet in front of Harry in a barren living room. To his relief, Gellert did not step closer. "From now on, or until I decide otherwise, I am going to be your Master and you will address me as such. Alternatively, you have my permission to use 'Sir' in order to avoid that mouthful. Did I make myself understood?" "Yes, sir," Harry responded immediately, still not bowing his head. He was breaking a rule, they had gone over every one of them ruthlessly in class, and both of them knew it, but Grindelwald was allowing it to happen right before his eyes. If this wasn't the case he would have already corrected Harry in a less or more painful way. "I hope you know the rules." "Of course, sir." The 'sir' was thrown in the last possible second, the word unfamiliar on his tongue, struggling to remember to add it on at the end of every sentence. Harry would need to correct that as soon as possible if he wanted to come out of this unscathed. An old man appeared through the door on Grindelwald's left, as if summoned, Harry was shocked by his state. He seemed to be on the edge of collapsing due to the hunch in his back, Grindelwald did not seem to mind when he did not lean down in order to bow in front of his master due to his unfortunate condition. He threw Harry a brief uninterested look before bringing his attention back to his master. "Kreacher," Grindelwald both acknowledged and instructed him, "take Mister…" he stopped at that, eyeing Harry as if expecting something from him. It took Harry only a moment to understand. He doesn't know my name, he doesn't know who I am. Harry had the strangest urge to laugh at how pathetic that was. And totally reasonable. "Harry Potter, sir." Grindelwald's eyes widened a small fraction at the sound of his given name before he nodded, as if there was nothing particularly interesting about him. So he knew about his parents then. That could either work in his favor or against him. "As I was saying, take Mister Potter to his room. His poor excuse of shoes are to be disposed off immediately." Harry expected…something. To be told something, anything. Some clarification about his life here, about his role, or even some parting words, maybe a cue to leave. Yet there was nothing. Only talks about his trainers without him being involved in any way. He had no choice but to follow the hunched man up the staircase only in his not-so-white socks, feeling eyes on the back of his neck. Looking behind was not an option. This house didn't have the right to appear so…normal. The kind of house Harry had lived in before with his mother and father, just the three of them. Before Dumbledore and the camp. Because after that, the new house hadn't been just a house, it had been their house. It had served a great number of purposes, from a meeting place to discussing plans or even interrogating nameless screaming people down in the basement. Harry had been six when he found about that by mistake. Some careless member of the Order had forgotten to lock the door and his childish curiosity got the best of him. Watching people having their fingernails removed by force with their mouths opened wide in a silent scream was not an image any child his age should have witnessed. Harry hadn't had the stomach to hang around to see the rest. When his mother had came upstairs to check on him not long after, fiery hair caught in a high ponytail, he pretended to be sleeping, heart hammering in his chest, coming to terms with the fact that it was not only The Others were torturing people,it was their side was too. Sleep had refused to come that night. He was still referring them as 'The Others' then, too young to be taught anything else. Apparently the word 'Republic' still meant good in the general sense. You wouldn't want your kid to be confused about that , is what was explained by his father when he was old enough to be present at some harmless discussions about food rations over a hot cup of green tea. Of course, that was long before the brave people of the Republic had somehow discovered them and they were separated in the chaos that followed. Harry had been caught and sent here, mere months after being held at some school where he was explained in detail about what his life would be from now on. About his duty. He had known these things, mainly the rumors, the horrifying tales tattled by Ron's older brothers when the children were left by themselves. Surely it could not be true, he had thought at that time. They were all humans. What kind of person would do something like that to another human being? How could anyone own another person? Buy them? People were not things, they were not material objects, they weren't things to be owned as pets, such as a dog, maybe a furry cat. Even then, you didn't make your dog fight or open his legs for you. Most people didn't, anyway. And until only mere months ago, Harry had thought only girls were used for that anyway. The purpose was reproduction, repopulating the hollow earth; healthy females were needed for such a task. What would you want a man for? As ordinary as it was, if it was a relationship they were looking for, they could always find willing people the traditional way. Why get them by force? Seamus had been the name of the boy who had been his roommate in his time spent between the school's white walls, he had laughed at Harry when he had wondered about it. In time his own situation had been quite clear, easy to grasp. There were rules and punishments and Harry had been forced to learn them all, quietly minding his own business, hoping for at least a whisper or rumor about his parents or Sirius. No one had known anything of great importance. At last, when almost all hope had been lost, he had heard that The Order's men were everywhere throughout the system. Harry hoped that was true, considering he needed an out as soon as possible. Everyone was alive, Harry told himself at night, laying under the covers. They had managed to escape. He knew Dumbledore well enough to be sure the man was able to protect everyone. Well, everyone beside Harry. But that had been a misfortune. He happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, and no one was to blame but himself. Now, Harry could only wait for them to somehow reach him. All while living in the same house with Gellert Grindelwald, a quiet menace of a man. Kreacher did not talk to him, simply rushed him inside one of the many rooms on the second floor before he closed the door, not locking it. Just like that. Harry stood in the middle of the chamber inspecting. It wasn't small, which was a surprise. The blue curtains were wide open, as well as the double window facing another building with many lightened windows. People lived there as well. Another surprise. Not that Harry held any illusions about escaping on his own. He was not a fool. Even if he managed to climb down, which he surely would, he would need to pass through all the guards in front of the house, avoid being seen by the men living in the other building, the ones outside the property and then the main security point where he would need to present an ID he did not posses. It was useless even to think about it. Still he dreamed about saving himself, not sitting and waiting around for a miracle to happen. But for that to happen, he needed to get out the mansion in the first place. The Order had several safe houses in London, locations which Harry was well aware of. If he was able to get there safely; he could contact the others. He could go to them. The only problem was that no slaves were allowed to leave the house unaccompanied. System's rules. He exhaled in annoyance, shutting down the blue blinders in a cheap imitation of privacy, trying to be as optimistic as possible and scanned the room for….something useful. The wardrobe was filled with clothes and shoes ready for him considering he hadn't been allowed to bring anything from the school. Not that Harry had anything. There was a table next to the window with a single book on it. Harry picked it up out of curiosity, making a face at the tile. ' The New Ways of the Republic ', he read with disgust. Does he really expect me to read this bullshit? Of course he does, Harry righted himself moments after. He had seen the people visiting the school. Young girls and boys who preached about their wonderful experiences in the masters' houses, about the greatness of the Republic, waving their hands around in an exaggerated manner as if they were painting on an invisible canvas. Some had to be faking it. There was no way one could act that manner on their own will. And yet, after just a handful of minutes in this house, Harry already started to doubt himself. Would he be quizzed about the book? He hoped not. Well, he'll have to wait and see. For now, he hoped Grindelwald was going to let him be. Harry let out a chuckle at his own wishful thinking. He had only two options and he knew it. Either be one of the fighters or be a whore. The man had to already have the latest category, Harry reassured himself. Grindelwald didn't seem the type to warm his bed all by himself. It almost midnight, the electric clock from the nightstand read in enormous blue numbers. Harry let the tip of his fingers travel over his smooth surface of the screen, they used to have one of these in the