A/N: This is a Dramione ONESHOT. Rated T for language. It has not been proofread. I know there are similar stories out there, but hope you find mine unique enough to like. Dedicated to those who are reading The Auror Mentalist. I have sent the next chapter to my beta. I woke up with this story in mind and hope that it makes up some for taking me so long to post to my WIP. Disclaimer: I own nothing and make nothing by my writing. I do it for pure joy and with the hopes that others enjoy it as well. Draco stands at the entrance of Hermione's office. He smiles noticing her quirk of twirling one of her now somewhat tamed curls around her finger when she is deep in thought. He leans on the doorframe to wait, taking the rare opportunity to study her unawares. He watches entranced as different emotions cross her face. He likes that she usually wears her heart on her sleeve. He is hopeful his plan will work and he will finally get an opportunity to spend some time with her alone. He is thankful he has earned her trust as a colleague and is included in group outings with her large circle of friends. He is also pretty sure it is her acceptance rather than his sincere apology that caused the change in attitude of her friends, especially with the Weasley family. He has often pondered what his childhood self would do with the knowledge that his future self loves spending the majority of his Sunday afternoons playing quidditch then eating at The Burrow. His thoughts shift back to the beautiful witch in front of him, grateful that he admitted to himself in his early teens his old prejudices died because she proved them wrong, time and again. If only he had done something about it sooner. He wishes he could have been brave like Professor Snape. If only… . He shakes off the maudlin attitude and smiles noticing her hair getting bushier, knowing she is getting herself worked up. Hermione's head is bowed as she goes over the last month. She and Ron had broken up after a long discussion. She finally got up the courage to ask if he was in love with her and they were both relieved to find out they loved each other deeply but were not passionately in love. Thankfully, their bond of friendship is stronger than ever . Somehow that shrew of a journalist, Rita Skeeter found out. I wish I had left that bint in the jar. Too bad she registered herself as an anamagus after the war. She plastered lies about the breakup on the front page of The Profit , making a mockery of them and their relationship. Then the onslaught ensued. In the last week she has had eight different wizards ask her out. Eight! It's like I've turned into some kind of supermodel. Finding that impossible since she had studied herself in the mirror this morning, noting no changes in her appearance, except she finally found a muggle product that somewhat helps her hair. She sighs. Yesterday two, and then the most embarrassing one, Ernie Macmillan of all people, in the lift this morning. He kept pleading quietly with her until she had screamed "I SAID NO!" Then flounced out on the wrong floor just to get away from him . I made a fool of myself in front of Draco and Minister Kingsley. She huffs, They saw me lose it. I'll probably be reprimanded by my boss for yelling at a coworker then teased relentlessly by Draco about the scene I made. She huffs again. Like I'd date someone who ran away from the final battle. Bloody coward. She feels anger rise up, causing her magic to pulsate around her. She thinks all the attention is due to her achievements, not her personally. She feels like screaming, " It's like I'm a bloody prize on a reality dating game show, who can win the heart of the war heroine." She hears a snicker from her door, causing her to jolt and overturn her coffee. She looks up and glares at the handsome and impeccable dressed wizard as he strides into her office. Great, here comes the ribbing. At least it is usually funny now, not hateful. Draco gives her an amused smile as he sits in the chair across from her, cleaning up the mess of her coffee with a silent spell and quick wave of his wand. He can tell she is about to go off into a tirade so he speaks before she starts, "Hermione, I do not know anything about a reality show, but anyone that wins your heart would be one lucky bloke." His words cause her to lose her train of though, blush and look away. Guess I said that part out loud. She sighs and steels herself for his harassment. She takes deep breaths, getting her emotions under control and tries to look nonchalant. Her gaze returns to him and she asks, "What can I do for you this morning?" Unconsciously, she bites her lip to make sure she doesn't voice her insecure thoughts. Bloody hell, if HE asks me out I'll know for sure it's not for me, but for what I've done. The broken look Hermione gives him makes Draco's heart ache but his mask is too controlled to show his true emotions. He briefly pats her hand, noticing the sparks their causal touch creates. When she draws her hand back into her lap, he tries not to react to his stinging pride. He was going to make her laugh by ruffling her feathers about this morning then propose his plan, now he has to change tactics. Giving her a go will not make her more apt to agree. He gives her a look of real concern and tries speaking softly to her, "I know you have been having a difficult time…" she interrupts with, "I'm fine." He sighs, more determined for her to hear him out, "No you are not." She shakes her head, her riotous curls flying, her voice slightly raised, "I am!" He usually finds her persistence attractive, even rowing with him, but not today. Stubborn witch, now I have to bring up this morning. Draco admonishes, "So this morning you were fine when Macmillan badgered you so restlessly about going on a date that you yelled at him in front of me and the Minister of Magic. Then you stormed out of the lift on the wrong floor, causing Kingsley to question Macmillan and I had to get in the middle of it all and interrupt his lame excuse blaming you and explain to Kingsley you were not at fault, but the twit was harassing you. That is fine? Since when do you let someone else fight your battles? Especially with a gormless shite like Macmillan." He guesses his hurt pride has gotten the best of him since he raised his voice. He stops and swallowes his last thought. You always fought me on your own, but would not fight with that insignificant pouf of a so-called wizard. Draco focuses on her and notices her eyes are squeezed shut and her bottom lip is quivering. Merlin, I am an idiot. She feels this a lot more than I thought. Before he can think better of it, he jumps up, rounds her desk, and pulls her up into his arms. She falls into him, her arms reaching around him and sobs into his chest. His arms run up and down her back and he tries to sooth, whispering nonsense like "There, there and everything is okay." When she finally starts to calm he apologizes, "Hermione I am sorry. You know I am an insensitive arsehole." She looks up at him searching his eyes. He has never been this close to her. He tucks a curl behind her ear, causing her to shudder and suddenly feels an irresistible pull to lean down and kiss her. She feels the pull as well, but doesn't think he does, so she breaks the tension by smirking and saying, "The world is ending, Draco Malfoy has admitted to being a prat!" Her eyes are playful when she pulls out of his embrace and sits. He crosses his arms, turning away so she doesn't see the hurt that flashes in his eyes and walks back to his chair. Ignoring her previous comment, he returns to his plan, not sure if it is such a good idea. Draco decides to plow ahead, "Our discussion last week about focusing on our careers and hating the pressure from others about dating got me thinking." This was somewhat true for him, his mother had pressured him to go out on dates with different witches, but it was not his career aspirations that got in his way. It was his desire for one witch that did it. He knew she did not want to date, but her friends and family had an annoying habit of setting her up, even though she said she did not want to go out with anyone. She was also being bombarded by wizards asking her out since the news broke of her being single and she has the barmy idea they all do it because of her status. He continues, "So to get my Mother off my back and well everyone off yours, we should date." A tiny thrill runs up Hermione's spine at the thought of dating Draco before reality hits. H e just said he wanted to focus on his career. Realization strikes and with it her excitement fades. Oh. This time he does not notice her emotions because he was trying so hard to suppress his own. She swallows, softly asking, "So we pretend to date?" He nods asking, "Pick you up at 7:30 tomorrow evening?" She nods. "Wear dress robes, I will make dinner reservations and I already have tickets for the magical symphony." He escapes her office with her agreement. His plan worked, but instead of feeling happy, he feels hollow. Ginny has the weekend off from training and happily agrees to go shopping with Hermione, even shrieking, "I knew it!" when she tells her the date is with Draco. She goes on about all the times she has noticed him watch her. Hermione shrugs this off thinking her friend has gone mental. They find what Ginny considers perfect for the occasion and they head to The Leaky Cauldron for a late lunch. When a vaguely familiar looking wizard approaches their table and asks her out, Ginny responds loudly with, "She is going out with Draco Malfoy, why would she want to date you?" Then man scurries away as she says, "Ginny the whole bar just heard you!" The redhead smirks at her and replies, "Good, it'll keep the other riffraff away." and gives several men a pointed look then smiles warmly at her friend. She decides it was probably a good thing, hoping the word gets out she is off the market. Hermione frowns asking Ginny what just popped in her head, "Do you think it will bother anyone?" She thinks for a moment then responds, "Not anyone that matters. The only ones that might are some of the purebloods and no one cares what they think anymore." She is still unsure and probes, "What about Harry, Ron and the rest of your family?" She hadn't considered their response, worried they might take issue with them dating, not knowing it's a farce. Maybe she should tell them the truth, but if she did they would still try to set her up. Seeing her distress Ginny answers her with what she honestly believes, "Well, all the boys and me will threaten him with all sorts of bodily harm if he hurts you. But I don't think anyone will have issues with you dating Draco. I know Harry and Ron respect