Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot. BPOV Today I finally graduated from the University of Washington with a Bachelor's degree in early education and a minor in business. My hope is to one day be able to open my own day care but for now I've been offered a teaching job at the elementary school in Forks where I lived since I was fourteen. Let me tell you a little about myself before I go on. My name is Isabella Marie Swan but everyone has always called me Bella. I'm 5'2 very petite, I have long mahogany brown hair and brown eyes the color of chocolate. My parents had only been 16 when I was born. My mother wanted to give me up for adoption but my dad couldn't stand the idea of having a child somewhere in the world where he'd never know them. My mother's parents were all for her giving me up but my gran and gramps were also against the idea. Two days after I was born my dad Charlie came to the hospital to visit me and my mother only to find that her parents had signed her out of the hospital the night before and left legal papers signing away all her rights as a parent. After that my gran and gramps helped take care of me while my dad finished high school. My gramps passed away during my dads senior year of hospital and left just my gran to help my dad raise me. When my dad finished high school she fully supported his decision for him to go into the army so that he would be able to support his family even though my gran came from a wealthy family and he had a huge trust fund he could have used to support us. Some people would say my dad was crazy for joining the army when he had a several million dollar trust fund but he had grown up seeing my gramps working a job he loved. My gramps had owned and operated a logging company in Forks until he finally sold it when he retired. So my dad had decided to follow in his foot steps and show me that you should always work hard no matter how much money you have. When I was four my dad had been transferred to Fort Hood military base in Killeen, TX where he was a MP (military police). Since my gran was worried about us trying to get by on our own she decided to rent out her house and moved with us to help my dad take care of me. Fort Hood is where I met my first real friend Alice Cullen. Her family moved in next door to us. Her father was a doctor in the army and her mother was a stay at home mom who took care of her and her two twin brothers Edward and Emmett who were 6. Even at four Alice was shorter then I was and my gran said she would be petite like her mother Esme. Alice had dark brown hair that she liked to wear short because she said she didn't like having to get the tangles brushed out. She had blue eyes like her dad. Of course at four I had no clue what petite was and when I told Alice what gran had said she'd run home crying because she thought it was something bad. Flashback – Bella / Alice 4yrs old "My gran says you petite like your mommy." I told Alice as we sat in my sand box playing with my toys. "What petite?" She asked as she stopped playing. I shrugged because I honestly didn't know what it was. Alice dropped her shovel and her lip started to quiver before she jumped up running through the gate in the fence that separated our houses. As soon as Alice was gone I ran into the house and hid in my dad's closet under his clothes and laundry basket because I thought I would get in trouble for making Alice cry. My gran had been in the basement doing laundry and didn't know that I had come in so when she'd come up and looked out the window in the back yard to check on us and neither of us was there she got scared and went to see if we'd gone to Alice's house without telling her. When She found out from Esme that I wasn't there she had come back home and looked around for me, I guess she hadn't thought to look in my dads closet because there was no reason I would be in there. I had fallen asleep under the clothes and basket and never heard her calling for me. When neither gran nor Esme could find me they called my dad home from work. While the other MP's along with Alice's dad Carlisle drove around the base looking for me my dad had started searching the house. When I heard my dad yelling for me as he got closer to his room I started crying because I knew I was in trouble. My dad had heard my muffled cries and found me moments later. "Bella!" Dad called as he dropped to the floor and pulled me into his arms hugging me. "You scared me so bad I thought someone took you away why were you in the closet hiding?" I sniffled and buried my face in his neck. "I didn't want to get in trouble for being bad." I said. He sat back with his back against the bed and stroked my hair. "Why would you think you were in trouble baby?" I bit my lip as I looked up at him. "I made Alice cry. I told her that gran said she was petite like her mommy and she got sad and ran home." I wiped my eyes with the back of my hand and looked up at him. "Am I in trouble?" He shook his head and smiled. "Petite isn't something bad baby. It just means that she's going to be shorter and thin when she gets older like her mom is. Did you ever notice that Ms. Esme is smaller then some of the other mommies?" I nodded my head as I snuggled into his chest. "Well that's because she's petite. It's not anything bad." He kissed my head and sighed. "Now you're not in trouble for that but you are in trouble for hiding like you did. You made everyone worry that something happened to you. I think that you need to apologize to gran and Ms. Esme because you had them very worried. You also need to apologize to Dr. Carlisle because when he heard you were missing he left work early to help look for you." He tapped my nose with his finger. "From now on I don't care if you are in trouble you are not to hide okay?" I nodded my head as he stood up and carried me over to Alice's house where everyone was waiting to hear whether the MP's found me. When we came into the house everyone was relieved that I was okay and I apologized to them for scaring them and for making Alice cry. End Flashback Alice and I were joined at the hip everyday after that and even when we started school. Luckily the classes were small enough that Alice and I were always in the same class. Since Edward and Emmett were older then we were they both looked out for us even though the other kids teased them for it. Edward was the most beautiful boy ever he had an odd reddish brown hair that my gran said was bronze, it was always sticking up all over even after he brushed it. He had my favorite colored eyes emerald green. The other kids at recess always laughed at me because I sometimes would fall because I was to busy staring at Edward even after Emmett would yell at them for being mean to me. Emmett was clearly going to be really big when he got older. He was already taller and bigger then the other kids and when he told them to leave me alone they listened at least when he was around. By the time Alice and I were nine Edward and Emmett had their own friends and didn't always play with us at school. They said they were too old to play on the playground. Since they had started to hang out with their friends at recess the other kids started to openly pick on me. Victoria and Riley Biers were the worst. Flahsback – 9 yrs old "Hey Riley you know why Bella doesn't have a mommy?" Victoria asked. Riley grinned and shook his head as both he and Victoria circled around Alice and I while a group of kids watched on. "Because she's so clumsy." She said before pushing me on the cement. Alice started yelling at her while the other kids laughed at me. Emmett and Edward who heard their sister yelling turned to see what was going on. When Edward saw he fisted his hands and stomped over to us and pushed Riley away from me. "Leave my girlfriend alone!" He yelled before punching Riley in the nose. I blinked as I watched him being taken inside by a teacher. I couldn't believe Edward Cullen had said I was his girlfriend. I knew the other kids held hands and called themselves boyfriend and girlfriend so did that mean that Edward wanted to hold my hand? End flashback Edward and I never held hands but he and Emmett did start hanging out with us again. The four of us were always together until the fateful day at the age of ten when Dr. Carlisle came home and told them that he was being transferred to another base. They weren't sure yet which base he was going to yet so he and the family were supposed to go to Washington D.C. and would be told from there where he was needed. I was heart broke when my dad and Alice's mom and dad sat me down and told me they had to move. I was so sad that I locked myself in my room and refused to eat dinner. A week later the moving trucks were packed up and Alice was leaving. Flashback – 10 yrs old (2001) Alice, Emmett, Edward, and I stood in front of their parent's car. The four of us were all in embracing each other in a huge hug for a second before we finally broke apart. Edward hugged me again before kissing my cheek. He handed me the book that we had been reading together Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. "I'll write to you once I finish the book and you can let me know what you think of the book when you write back." He grinned before he got into the car. Emmett hugged me and kissed my cheek before giving me his favorite baseball cap. "I'll miss you belly." He climbed into the car next to Edward. Alice wiped tears from her cheeks and grinned. "I promise I'll write as soon as we get to our new house wherever it is." She hugged me before getting into the car too. Alice and I had made friendship bracelets for each other and promised to always be sisters the night before when she spent the night. I had given Edward and Emmett their presents the night before when they came for dinner at our house with their mom and dad. My dad had helped me pick out a baseball card that Emmett had been looking for. My dad had taken me to a collector and lent me the money to get the card and then he'd take it out of my allowance a little at a time. For Edward I'd got a book