Disclaimer: see chapter one Names/Pronunciations will come at the end of each chapter. '' signals a footnote "text" signals dialogue 'text' signals thoughts A/N: I do not claim to have a good store of knowledge about Valinor. The fact that this story takes place there is inevitable since my OMC, Kallindo, got up and sailed there a couple hundred years back. I don't have the time to do much research. I shall try to be as vague and as nebulous about geography and the sociopolitical situation as I can in order to avoid the necessity of making up bogus details. Enjoy… Chapter 1.) Fancy """"" Then let wingèd Fancy wander - John Keats """"" May 2, 210 Fourth Age, Valinor A comforting gust of sea air tangled with Calina's hair as she stepped out of the small carriage and looked up the long hill toward her family's home. A quiet smile spread across her face at the cheerful sight. It was a beautiful Elven residence, set in among a copse of white birches and commanding a breathtaking view of the waves below. Calina had only seen it twice before, on short visits, for her father had been appointed by ------- as Regent over the southern province of Eccaianórië a mere three years past. But the maiden still found herself drawn to the place because of the loved ones who dwelt within it. She had enjoyed her time away, apprenticing under the glass artisan Oiratinwë Calamau, but something in her spirit had told her that it was time for home. And so, after ten years absence, the young daughter of Regent Soronhín was returning to live with her family. "Are you certain that you wish me to leave you here?' The elf who had driven her inquired. Calina turned back to her escort and nodded. "Yes, thank you. If you would drive up around the hill you will come to the stables. The head groom will help take down my luggage, but you needn't concern yourself with any other duties. I am sure you will be given some refreshment before you leave. Oh, and do carry my best wishes and gratitude back to Lady Calamau when you depart." "Very well then," the elf replied with a smile, "And what shall I tell your good parents when I arrive without their daughter?" Turning back to look up at the manor Calina shrugged prettily. "Tell them that I am reacquainting myself with the land, and that when I have its good consent I will hurry home." With a deep, gentle laugh the elf urged his horse onward. Taking her light shawl from her shoulders and wrapping it carelessly around her waist, Calina cast her glance thoughtfully between the white sands below and the forested slopes above. The glistening waves of the sea were quite beguiling, and Calina wanted very much to wade knee-deep in the salty water. But that would have to wait for another day. If she was going to keep her family waiting in order to indulge her need for a few moments of quiet reflection, she would at least head toward home while doing so instead of away form it. Thus resolved, Calina departed the road and began winding up the green slope toward her new home. It was not long before the maiden entered a small grove of evergreens which grew on the hills along with the birches. A delighted laugh bubbled out of her as she was enthusiastically greeted into the cool embrace of the trees. Apparently they had already grown to love her father and family and were thus disposed to think very kindly of her. Calina returned their greetings, trailing her hands lightly over the rough bark and low-hanging needles of the dark sentinels. This encounter went so favorably that it was not long before the trees began whispering their secrets in Calina's listening ear. She heard many things about her family and even some about local Elves whom she did not yet know. But the most appealing piece of information to Calina was that her young brother, Falas, called the silver-leafed sapling by the fir trees, was sitting further up the hill, with someone whom the trees named a friend. Calina's face lit up with affectionate mischief. Turning to the left, she stole silently up the hill, following the forest's gentle whispers and begging the trees not to spoil her fun. Falas was a precocious elfling, but without the aid of the forest she very much doubted that he would be able to detect her approach. Calina began to hear soft voices conversing nearby. She crept over to the bole of an unusually large tree and peaked around it. Only a few feet away from her tree, Calina saw the back of what looked to be, in human standards, a eight or nine year old boy with shoulder-length silver hair caught up with a cord of leather: Falas. Shifting her head further, Calina expected to see another young elf; what she saw instead gave her pause. Sitting a few feet away from her brother, with his profile to her, was a tall, lithe elf of some years, with chestnut hair quite unusual to the region falling freely to his lower back. A slight smile was curling at the edges of his mouth, which should have given his face a merry aspect but did not. It was a pleasant face, even a peaceful face, but not a merry face. Though she couldn't have sworn the fact, it seemed to Calina as if a shadow lingered in his eyes, one which had hitherto resisted cleansing in the light of Valinor. She found the sight very disconcerting, for rarely had she seen such a thing in her as yet short and sheltered life. As Calina continued to observe the stranger an odd sensation coursed through her, causing her to withdraw back into the tree's protection. For some inexplicable reason, she had felt the urge to walk up to him and smooth whatever sorrow there was from his face, so that his smile would reach his eyes. Which was of course a ridiculous notion - no one can cast sorrow out of a person with a caress. Calina furrowed her brow and leaned up against the tree, being careful not to make any sounds. It was such a strange feeling. A few moments later, Falas and the older elf began moving toward Calina's hiding place. Her brother was talking animatedly about something which she did not pay heed to. As the two Elves approached the tree and past it, Calina felt the need to hide herself from the stranger, and so moved around the tree in the other direction, keeping out of sight. She was certain that she didn't make a sound, which was why she was so surprised when a quick, strong hand darted from around the tree and pulled her from hiding. "What is your purpose in sneaking about in the foliage, maiden?" the strange elf asked evenly. The smile still hung about his lips; it was obvious to him that this pretty maiden was no threat, though she had some steel in her eyes. Calina tried not to huff at being caught so easily. She looked to her brother to clarify the situation, since he obviously knew this elf and would properly be the person to introduce them. Unfortunately, Falas was leaning up against a nearby tree laughing at her. Calina pursed her lips slightly. "No harm intended, certainly, my lord," Calina said with exaggerated politeness while nodding her head to the stranger, since his hand on her arm prevented her from curtsying. Falas continued to smirk as he jumped away from the tree and interjected himself into the exchange. "You can sneak up on me easily enough when I'm alone, Calina, but now that I have Kallindo with me you'll never be able to do it - he's a real warrior from Middle Earth!" As soon as Kallindo heard the maiden's name he let go of her arm. "I am sorry, my lady, I did not know that you were Soronhín's daughter." Calina was still trying to digest the fact that he was from across the sea when he apologized. Forgetting her manners, she looked up at him pointedly and asked, "Is that why you are sad? Because of your memories of Endórë (Middle-Earth)?" As soon as the words slipped from her lips Calina's eyes widened perceptibly. "I am sorry, I should not have spoken... I mean, um, I am delighted to meet you, Lord Kallindo." She curtsied this time. "Calina, daughter of Soronhín and Danneniûl at your service, my lord." With this hasty introduction out of the way, Calina turned from the confused elf in front of her to greet her young brother properly, kneeling down to give him a hug. "Oh, come now, I'm not that short any more," Falas whined, wiggling from his sister's grasp. The lady's boldness and perception stunned Kallindo, but he gathered his wits enough to turn to the young elf and shake his head slightly. "That is no good manner in which to speak to your lady sister, especially when she has been away from you." The expression on Falas' face was almost comical as he sobered under Kallindo's reproof. For a moment, he looked on the elf with the wide-eyed wonder of a very young boy looking up to some hero from a story book then he turned back to his sister and gave her a dutiful hug. It was a short hug, however, and soon the boy was dashing up the hill. "Come on, Calina, I must show you my new horse!" Calina chuckled and rose from her knees, looking tentatively back at her older companion. He smiled agreeably enough and Calina let her mind relax, feeling that perhaps her strange words from the moment before would be looked over and forgotten. "You have yet to visit the house, I gather. Shall we?" Kallindo extended his arm politely, and quietly Calina took it. The pair began ascending the now gently sloping hill. "Why did I find you spending the afternoon with my brother?" Calina finally asked to break the silence between them. Kallindo thought for a moment before beginning his explanation. "Your father and I have become well-acquainted since he came to live here. He came to know that I was a Silvan elf of Endórë, and unlike some who were born here, felt that there were things to be learned from our kin's experience beyond the sea. We came to converse regularly, and since I live here away from my close kin he has always welcomed me graciously into his home, for which I am ever increasingly grateful. As you know, surely, your brother is enamored by any tale of war and adventure that he can come by, so your father came up with way for me to repay his kindness. Three times a week I sit with your brother and tell him about Middle Earth and about its peoples, and soon I will begin to teach him swordcraft." Calina nodded her head, looking up fondly to where Falas was beckoning them to walk faster. "Now that I think of it, it seems that I have heard your name mentioned before, perhaps in a letter, though I can't be sure," Calina mused, looking back at Kallindo. "You are Silvan then?" "Aye, mostly." "I have hardly had any acquaintance with Silvan elves before. I shall be glad to know you better." "And I am glad to oblige any child of Soronhín's." For some reason this reply did not satisfy Calina. It seemed a little humbling to be seen merely as a friend's daughter and not a friend in her own right. But it didn't matter. After all, she had never even seen this elf before, and he was surely a good deal older then her anyway, so there was no reason to fuss about it. Another