Another day another story, I have a feeling that somehow someday people will start wondering how I write so many stories, I honestly don't know how I manage myself, a horde of plot bunnies attacked me and this was the result, I hope you enjoy this and here I leave you with my BRAND NEW STORY Alex I opened my eyes lazily, the sun was hitting me exactly on my face, I grunted as I closed my eyes trying to avoid the damned light, I remembered closing the blinds the night before so what the actual fuck. I tried to push myself to a sitting position when I felt grass beneath me, and let me tell you, there's nothing more fucked up than waking up in plain grass, I stood as fast As I could and proceeded to examine my surroundings, as far as I could see, I was in the middle of nowhere, great just great. To make things marginally worse, I was wearing the same short dress and heels that I had been wearing last night, had I been kidnapped? Assassinated in my sleep and this was some sort of purgatory? I sighed, took my heels off, because there was no way I was going to damage my Louboutin's with this fucking ground, and started walking, perhaps I could find someone to show me the shortest way to civilization. An hour later and I was still walking, I was tired and thirsty and absolutely ready to be done with this shit. Honestly after I found civilization I was never EVER, going outdoor again, it was going to be office life for me. I kept walking until I found a little stream, there I drank some water, because I was seriously on the road to dehydration, after sitting on a rock for a few minutes I decided to follow the stream upwards because I was bound to find something, sooner or later. I was ready to murder someone, the sun was about to go down, I was hungry and water wasn't cutting it down for me anymore. And honestly I thought it was all lost until I heard voices, at this point I was probably hallucinating but it was worth a shot. I hid behind a bush and I could see five figures huddled in the semi-dark light, it looked like a single father with four kids camping, they seemed safe, so I decided to get out of the bush and head towards them. "Hello" I greeted lifting my hands so they could see that I carried no weapons, just my shoes, the father stood, he seemed rugged and his hair reached his chin, I had a feeling that I had seen him before, hopefully not in a Police's News report, he was dressed in some weird clothes. "Who are you stranger?" He asked unsheathing a knife; yep I was going to be killed. "I mean no harm, truly, I'm lost" I explained rapidly, he pocketed the knife and stared at me. "Are you no spy from the dark lord?" A cosplayer? Really? Fuck it. "Who?" I asked incredulously, he seemed thoroughly confused. He walked closer to me and I could swear he was checking me out. "You're an elleth" he murmured, and I had to do a double take because I knew just what that word meant. "No" the word flew out of my mouth before my brain started to comprehend what was exactly happening "Fuck no" I repeated, the man, who I had now recognized as Aragorn frowned. "Something ails you my lady?" He asked concerned, I shook my head "Can you tell me your name?" His voice was soft, as if that what going to make me trust him. "Alexandra" I answered, he lifted an eyebrow and took a look of my form again, he seemed uncomfortable. "Lady Alexandra, how did an elleth came to be so far of elven settlements" he inquired, I cocked my head to the side, while I admit that my hair was extremely long I did not had-, I lifted my hand slowly and touched the tip of my ears, they were pointed, my head felt light, I fainted. I groaned as I woke up for the second time, I opened my eyes to found myself staring at Aragorn, I was in the middle of nowhere with Aragorn, worst of it all, I was an elf now an immortal motherfucking elf. Great. "You are awake" exclaimed Aragorn sitting next to me, I rolled my eyes annoyed, I did not wanted to be here, not that I hated Lord of The Rings or anything, I really, really liked it, I just didn't want to be here, I wanted to go home. "I am, you never told me your name," I said pointedly, Aragorn smiled. "I am called Strider in the wilderness" he said, I raised an eyebrow. "That is surely not your name, I am called Alex by my friends" I said imitating his speech form. He laughed but didn't answer; we sat in comfortable silence as the hobbits talked to each other. "This are yours" he said passing me my shoes, I looked at them relieved, but then again if I was here I doubted that Middle Earth appreciated a good pair of heels, I frowned, then remembered what exactly I was wearing. A short black skintight dress, I smiled to myself, now I knew why Aragorn looked so uncomfortable, not that my dress was inappropriate, it had sleeves and it was not backless, it was just skintight and reached my mid-tight, it was probably very inappropriate for these folks. "Where are you heading to?" I asked trying to make conversation; he gave me a side-glance. "Towards Rivendell, its an elven settlement, perhaps there they can help you find your way" he said, I smiled bitterly, I was suddenly very tired. "Perhaps" I repeated "Where are we again?" I asked. "This was the great Amon Sul once, you surely remember its greatness" he said cocking his head to the side, I shook my head. "No idea amigo" I said as I took in my surroundings the thing looked like a very destroyed dome, like the one in… oh my fucking god, this wasn't even the Tolkien's verse, it was Peter Jackson's in all its glory, which meant that Arwen was going to steal Asfaloth and save Frodo, hum, better her than me. Aragorn shrugged and gave weapons to the hobbit. "I will go scout the area," he said turning to us, I looked at the hobbits, then at Aragorn. "May I go with you?" I asked, Aragorn seemed to ponder it before nodding, he also offered to put my shoes inside his satchel/man-bag/hobo bag or whatever the hell they called it here, I smiled and nodded and followed him around. The place got creepier as it got darker, I was ready to run in any direction far from that fucking place, Aragorn kept pointing out things and answering my questions patiently, and honestly time flies when you're having fun, because suddenly we heard a screech, Aragorn and I tensed, we exchanged glances. "I am no fighter Strider, no swords or anything" I said rapidly, he gave me an exasperated look before giving me his bag. "Find a place to hide, now" he commanded, I nodded and scurried rapidly trying to find a non descript place to hide, when I realized something… I was an honest to goodness independent woman who didn't need no man to protect her, I patted my dress suddenly remembering that it had pockets, I smirked as an idea popped into my head. While I really hated outdoors in general I was not a complete wimp when it came to being outside, thanks to dad, of course who had basically trained me to face any situation, looking into Aragorn's bag I found something akin to yarn, perfect, taking several leaves from several trees next to me and fabric from what looked to be Aragorn's spare t-shirt I made seven little balls, patting my dress again and checking its pocket I found my zippo lighter, not that I smoked, honestly nicotine patches were better, but I had lots of friends who did and dad had always found useful to carry a lighter. I ran back to the ruins with my handmade ammunition and as Aragorn fought the wraiths I started shooting or throwing, shooting sounded cooler. The wraith that took my hit caught on fire immediately and left almost instantly, I smiled and threw the rest of them safely from my corner hitting one more wraith several times until I felt something behind me, I tensed and closed my eyes slowly praying to every deity that I knew that it was not what I thought it was, I was not lucky, it was another wraith, I jumped out of my hiding spot clutching the bag the fucking thing following me. "Strider a little help here would be nice!" I shouted as I swerved, I could feel Aragorn rolling his eyes in annoyance. I tripped with Sam's frying pan when I had another great idea, I grabbed the frying pan, it was still a bit hot and mustered all my strength, hitting the wraith straight on its face, and it fucking worked the thing ran the opposite way, I must have looked like a deranged psycho when I cracked up laughing but it fucking worked, Aragorn was finishing the last wraith when he looked at me with an amused look on his face. "No fighter?" he asked, I smiled sheepishly. "No fighter" I answered, then I remembered Frodo and he had been stabbed, shit. We ran to his side, he was writhing in pain, poor thing, Aragorn looked at me expecting me to heal him; I shook my head. I was a lawyer not a doctor, and while I had learned first aid from Maggie I doubted that I could do anything for Frodo. "He needs help from more knowledgeable elves" I said looking at Aragorn, he seemed to nod and in that moment like if it was choreographed Arwen appeared with Asfaloth. She and Aragorn got all gooey eyed and discussed Frodo's wellbeing in perfect elvish, which I could now understand to perfection and not as fragmented as I did when at twenty I decided that it was a good idea to spend my summer learning a fictional language. It had been an experience. After finishing a discussion with much more sentiment than necessary Arwen carried Frodo and galloped into the darkness, leaving Aragorn and me alone with three hobbits. The walk to Rivendell was exhausting and ended with Aragorn carrying me halfway there, not that I wasn't fit enough to get there, but goddamn, three fucking days of walking non-stop were more than enough, my trainer would've been proud of me. At least my legs were looking even more fantastic than before so I had that going on for me. Also I was longing for a bath and a change of clothes, as my dress was not appropriate for cross-country running. The highlight of it all had been a few hours before we arrived when heavy rain had decided to grace us with its presence, so not only was I tired, but also wet with a skin tight dress clinging to me with all its might looking like a drowned raccoon, at least my Louboutin's were alright, because thank god or the Valar or even Santa Claus for small mercies. Upon reaching Rivendell borders we came across a group of elves led by an asshole, I mean, Goldilocks. The asshole had taken a look at me and scrunched his nose muttering about moral senses and correct clothing, normally I liked to think of myself as a very easygoing person, but I was tired, wet and hungry so I told him exactly where he could stuff his oh so tight morals and stormed into the Last Homely House with