The entire room was quiet, save the tapping of the pencil perched between my left index and middle fingers and the ticking of the wall clock. I looked out the window to the New York City skyline. My chin rested against my right hand as I tapped away at my notebook with my eraser. My teacher was silent. She simply sat at her desk and looked over our final exams once more while we all waited for the sound that would signal our freedom. It was the last day of school, and I'd managed to make it through my freshman year without incident. From what I'd heard, that was very difficult for people in my particular position. Tick, tock, tick, tock, tick, tock, ring! The bell was a lifesaver. I scooped up my belongings, haphazardly shoving them into my backpack before standing to join the flood of students heading out the door, well, all of the students except one who was sitting in the back of the room for some reason, but I didn't care enough to question his reasons for staying. I thought I was finally free, until I heard my teacher's nasally voice call my name. She cleared her throat before speaking. "Miss Jackson, may I have a word with you for a moment?" she asked, thought I knew it wasn't really a question. I had no choice but to turn and hear what she had to say. "Yeah, Mrs. Blofis?" I asked, taking a seat toward the front of the class. I couldn't just ignore her. She was grandpa's sister-in-law, after all. If word got to dad that I disrespected her in any way, I would have had it. "Cassandra, it's about your grades. You do know that they were slipping all semester, correct?" she asked, again not a question. Anyone who had access to my records knew I sucked majorly. I took a deep breath and sighed. "I know, I know, I had too many D's this time. Again. But I tried, I really did!" "I know you did, Cassandra. That's why I wanted to speak with you personally rather than let it go. You're a bright girl, I know you are. Your father is my nephew, I know your family is bright yet...academically troubled. That's why I think it's best if you take a few summer school courses throughout the next few weeks. You have the opportunity to make up for these grades," she explained. "But, Mrs. Blofis, I can't. I have camp this summer, I've been looking forward to that all year!" I said, leaning over the desk. My expression was pleading. "I know, and I'm sorry, that's just what I think would be best for you. You can always go to camp next year. Your camp allows children up to age eighteen correct?" she asked. She knew, of course. It was the same camp she knew my dad went to at my age. I sighed in defeat and laid my head on my desk. "Don't I have any other options?" I asked. "Well, I could allow you to retake your final, but the summer school and tutoring would do a lot more good for you," she said. She shuffled a few papers around before pulling out my final exam. "But, if you think you can pass this time, you can retake it. You'll need at least an 80% to bring your grade up." "I'll do it!" I said without hesitation. I didn't think before I spoke, but honestly I didn't care. I wanted to go to camp, to see my friends. Gods knew they were the only friends I even had! "Okay, Miss Jackson. How does first thing tomorrow morning sound?" she asked. I did some math in my head. If I took the test tomorrow, I would still have enough time to gather my things and make it to camp in time for check-in. "That sounds perfect, thank you Mrs. Blofis." It was only then that the student in the back of the room came to mind. Why was he still here? I looked back to him. I realized he was staring at me. It kinda creeped me out, honestly. The longer I thought about him, the more I realized he didn't look familiar at all. Had he always been there? "Alright, I'll see you tomorrow then, Miss Jackson. You have a good day and please, be safe." That final warning seemed strange. It kind of came out of nowhere. "Okay, see ya," I said, finally claiming my freedom. I walked out of the room as quickly as I could. The halls were empty except for myself; my footsteps echoed in the silence. Did everyone have time to go home already? I was just about to enter the restroom when I heard a woman shriek from down the hall. "Mrs. Blofis?" I asked out loud. My mind immediately was brought back to that student. I dropped my bag and ran as fast as I could back to her classroom to find her backed up against the wall, a figure looming over her. The papers previously on her desk were strewn across the floor, her desk upturned, and her glasses lay shattered on the floor. The look in her eyes was sheer terror. And the student, well, I could tell now he wasn't actually a student. He still wore the same clothes, a worn leather jacket with a large Canadian flag on the back and ripped jeans, but his appearance had changed. He was taller, more muscular, and smelled a lot worse than I remembered. It was a bizarre mix of maple syrup and body odor. Mrs. Blofis screamed again as he took a few more steps closer. "Hey leave her alone, ugly!" He turned to me, looking me straight in the eyes with pure bloodlust. "Miss Jackson? Cassie, you have to run!" Mrs. Blofis said as she tried to stand to her feet. The giant turned and smacked her away with the back of his hand, knocking her out in the process. "I thought I smelled half-blood," he said in a gravely voice, opening his mouth to reveal his rotten yet incredibly sharp teeth. "It wasn't easy to pick you out, you smell different...probably still taste good though!" Honestly, what did I hope to accomplish, though? Going up against him without even a weapon. I backed against the wall as he approached me, not taking my eyes off him. "If you know what's good for you, you'll stay away." I knew what he was called, but I couldn't think of the name. Last, no. Laistromboli? No, close. He was Canadian, at the very least. He was standing right over me now. I felt his hot breath on my face. I was screwed if I didn't think quickly. He reared back before diving face first toward me, teeth bared to tear my throat out. I ducked, causing him to take a bite out of the drywall. I rolled over to Mrs. Blofis to check up on her. She still had a pulse, that was good, and so long as he had me, he would probably leave her alone. Monsters loved Demigods best, after all. I looked around for anything I could use as a weapon. My hand was drawn to Mrs. Blofis' bottle of water. I unscrewed the lid and poured some into my hand, forming a long icicle in my hand. "Water, oh you're a daughter of the sea god!" he said with a hint of wonder in his voice. "There hasn't been a child of Poseidon born in decades!" "Close, granddaughter actually," I said, not wasting time as I stabbed at his stomach. He dodged, of course. They always dodged the first hit. It's like they knew I was coming. Still, I wasn't a novice fighting monsters, just remembering their names. Mom would kill me for sure. I stabbed at him again, rolling under his guard as he sent a swipe of retaliation that would have broken my neck in one hit. I stabbed at him a couple more times before my icicle broke inside him. It didn't seem to be doing any good, though. All I did was make him even more furious. I needed to find a way to actually kill him. The giant picked up Mrs. Blofis' desk and hurled it at me. "Oh crap!" I leaned back, falling back onto my elbows as the large desk passed just over my body. It grazed my nose, stinging a bit as it raked the skin, but it certainly beat taking the entire desk to the face. The wooden table shattered into splinters behind me and I rolled backwards, regaining my footing to a crouch. The giant charged me, every footfall threatening to shatter the windows around me. I had to think of something quickly. I reached beside me, grabbing a long, sharp piece of desk. I raised the broken plank just as the giant was on top of me and it pierced his stomach, causing him to howl in pain as he exploded into a fine mist of gold dust and monster parts. My chest heaved, sweat pouring down my face and mixing with the monster dust. "Laistrygonian...why couldn't I remember that earlier!" I said in exasperation. Mrs. Blofis groaned as she sat up, rubbing her head as if she had the worst headache ever, which I wouldn't have been surprised if she did. "Miss...Miss Jackson? Are you...are you okay?" she asked. I rushed to her side, helping hold her up. Here she was, concerned for me when she could barely keep herself sitting up. "Yeah, I'm fine. Look, you need to get to the hospital. Get your head checked out." "That boy...where did he go?" That's right, The Mist prevented her from seeing his true form. That mystical veil that kept regular mortals from seeing the supernatural really did come in handy sometimes. It even fooled us demigods half the time. "He got away. I scared him off. Hey, I'm gonna call an ambulance," I said as I reached for her cellphone. I didn't carry one of my own. It was a monster magnet, just another way of saying "Nice tasty demigod! All you can eat buffet!" and that wasn't exactly something I wanted to become. But I figured if I didn't stay on very long, it wouldn't make much of a difference. I quickly dialed 911 and held the phone to my ear. "Hey, yeah I need an ambulance at Goode High School, room 231. My teacher, I think she's got a concussion. She was just assaulted. Thanks, bye." I handed Mrs. Blofis her phone and sighed. "They'll be here in a few minutes. I'm gonna go try to find that guy again," I said, knowing full well she would believe me since she didn't see me actually kill him. "Be careful out there, Miss Jackson. Don't do anything stupid," she warned, still leaning against the wall. I could already hear the ambulance sirens approaching. "Don't worry, I will." With that, I turned to retrieve my backpack before heading back home. Hopefully I would get there before news came to mom and dad. I scooped the bag over my shoulder, not even missing a beat as I rushed down the halls and out of the school. I only lived a few blocks away, close enough to walk without any real effort or delays. I was still rattled from my previous fight with the Laistrygonian. Would Mrs. Blofis be okay? I shook my head and concentrated on positive thoughts. Yeah, she would be okay. The ambulance would have been getting to her just as I was leaving. Still, though, it was strange that one Laistrygonian would be alone. There was usually at least four or five of them in a group. I sighed and adjusted the strap over my shoulder. It wasn't like that was the first time I'd ever been attacked in broad daylight, it was just