Legolas/OC. A women from modern time with nothing to live for runs for her life from attackers and into the woods where she falls off a cliff and instead of falling to her death she falls into Middle earth where she truly belongs, she becomes an elf on her arrival and is found by the fellowship. I know, I know it's been done plenty before but not by me so I'm going to give it a try. Legolas/My OC and I will change things as I go. Won't follow the books or movies completely. Elvish will be in italics. I don't own anything. Let me know what you think. It is a long one shot. Ariel ran as fast as she could. She had been walking home through the park like she normally did at night but on this night 2 large men grabbed her and tried to drag her towards their car. She put up a fight through and after getting a few hits from the men who fought her back she was finally able to get free and she ran. Ran as fast as she could. Her life might have always been pretty much crap but she'd be damned if she was going to just lie down and die. She turned to look over her shoulder as she ran and saw the two men were still behind her so she pushed her long legs harder to try and get a better distance from them when her foot caught a root from the ground and she fell and rolled down the hill and off the cliffs. Ariel knew this was it. She was gonna die and as she closed her eyes she swore she saw a bright light before everything went black. "Ugh." She groaned as she hit the ground on her side. Rolling onto her stomach, her head swarmed and pain racked her body. "Son of a bitch." She hissed as she heard footsteps coming towards her. "My lady. Are you alright?" she heard a voice but she was in too much pain to answer. She new by the voice it wasn't her attackers but at the moment she couldn't roll over to look at them as she was trying not to black out again from pain. "She's injured." Another male voice said before she felt someone gently roll her over and she gasp in pain. She felt another set of hands on her, heard some low mumbling before all the pain instantly left her body. Gasping in shock she blinked her eyes open and looked around to see 9 people standing around her and they all looked like they were dressed for Halloween. "What the hell?" she said and the older man that was wearing a pointed hat that was kneeling down next to her chuckled. "I have a feeling you're not from Middle earth are you miss?" he ask looking at her clothes and she shook her head in shock as her mouth opened and closed for several minutes. "Middle what? Have I died and gone to some crazy hell?" she ask and they all chuckled at her and the older man shook his head. "You are not dead my lady but you did just appear out of nowhere, right before our eyes and it's not every day a beautiful elf lady falls from the sky." He told her and she sat up and look at him like he was nuts. "A elf what. What the hell are you talking about? I'm not an elf, I'm just a normal girl." She said and he moved his hand and pushed her hair back behind her ears and her hands instantly went to her ears and she gasp as she felt there tips and sensitivity. "You have elvish ears like our friend Prince Legolas here. You are in Middle earth my dear and I'm not sure how or why you've been brought here and given the gift from Valar to become an elf but I have a feeling you're going to be very important to us and this world. Now are you able to stand?" the old man ask her and she nodded numbly as another hand appeared in her vision and she looked up to see the Legolas elf guy that the old man pointed out standing there smiling down at her waiting for her to grab his hand. She blushed some at how freaking handsome he was and how no one that looked that good had ever wanted to touch her, let alone help her before but she grab his hand and he pulled her to a standing position as the older man stood with the help of another dark haired man. She swayed for a moment but Legolas steadied her before letting go and she looked around at her 9 male saviors and let out a laugh. "Man this is so freaking nuts." She said and they all gave her smiles or smirks as she brushed her jeans and black tank top off and zipped up her hoodie. Looking down she noticed that her body had changed some as well and her hair had grown a lot during whatever the hell kind of transformation she had when she fell into this crazy world. Her hair had always been a dark red with a wave to it but now it was longer and thicker and deeper shade of red and fell to her mid to low back and her skin was fair. Snorting she just new she would end up being an even bigger freak then she was back home. "Care to tell us your name my lady?" the good looking dark haired man ask as his hand rest on his sword and that's when she noticed they were all wearing some type of weapons. 5 of the men where a lot shorter than her, 2 looked like larger humans, one old guy and the hot blonde elf. Man this shits was nuts. "Ariel. And yours?" she ask them. "I am Gandalf the Grey and I'm a wizard this is Aragorn son of Arathorn, Boromir of Gondor, Prince Legolas of the Woodland realm, Gimli son of Gloin, and Merry, Pippin, Sam and Frodo, Hobbits of the Shire." The man she knew now as Gandalf introduced and she just nodded as they either nodded back or waved at her and in Gimli and Boromir's case just glared at her like she would try to kill them or something. "And your all friends on a walk or something's?" she ask and Gandalf chuckled. "That's a long story; we've just made camp for the night. Why don't you join us and we will tell you where we are headed." Gandalf said and the others looked at him shocked that he was going to tell this stranger of their quest but no one questioned the old wizards knowing he must know something they did not. What she expected to hear was not what Gandalf told her. She sat there with her mouth wide open as he told her about the Ring and Sauron and the evil that wants to take over the world and how their quest is to take the ring to Mordor to destroy it for good and how Frodo volunteered to take it. She saw the seriousness in their faces, the fear and worry for their people and their world and her heart clenched. "Wow. That's some messed up shit dude." She said when she was finally over the shock. They chuckled at her because she was so different than any other women they'd ever met. She spoke her mind and said words that most ladies were afraid too and Legolas smiled as he watched her processes the information they had given her. There was something about this new Elleth that made him want to get to know her better. "How long have you been on this Quest so far?" she ask. "About 2 weeks now. It's a long walk to Mordor." Gandalf told her and her eyes widened. "Walk. You don't drive?" she ask and they all frowned. "Drive what?" Aragorn ask her and she wanted to smack herself in the head. What an idiot she was. This was not her world. No cars, no power. This was like straight up medieval times. "Never mind. I forgot where I was for a moment." She said waving him off. There's no way in hell she was trying to explain cars to these people. "So now what?" she ask hugging her knees to her chest as she sat on the ground between Legolas and Gandalf and stared into the fire. "You can join us of course. We don't yet know why you were brought here but I have a feeling you will be helpful. It is up to you of course." Gandalf told her while smoking a long pipe and eyeing her with gentle eyes. Sighing she thought it over for a while and nodded. "Sure why not. It's my world now too right? I've always had to fight my way though life. No sense in stopping now, right?" she said with a shrugged and Legolas eyed her from where he sat to her right. Yes he really wanted to know more about this beautiful elf. She joined there fellowship after that. The next morning Ariel was shook awake by Legolas who had lent her one of his extra bed rolls and blankets and she groaned but got up anyways. She as amazed that her body didn't hurt all over from sleeping on the ground. She ate a small breakfast and quickly braided her hair back before tied it with her hair tie she always kept on her wrist. Legolas was sad to see her hair not down and wondered if she'd let him braid it proper once she trusted them more. She soon found after hours of walking that Legolas and herself didn't get tried. "Why is it that I don't feel like I'm about to drop dead from all this walking?" She ask the blonde Elf who seemed to want to walk alongside her. Smiling he chuckled. "I forget your just recently an elf my lady. Elvish people do not get tried easily, they don't need sleep every day like most humans do, they don't get cold or hot and there immortal." He told her and she gapped at him. "No shit? We can't die?" she gasp in shock and he laughed at her language before nodding. "We can die just not easily and not from old age or sickness. Only a fatal wound or a broken heart can make us fade." He told her and she nodded slowly as she processed this information. She'd ask later for a more detailed explanation but for now her head was reeling. Later that day they stopped onto of some rocks at the base of a snow mountain for rest and food. Ariel sat crossed legged on a rock and nibbled an apple as she watched and listened to the conversations around her and gazed out at the amazing scenery. Merry and Pippin were working with Boromir on their sword work while Aragorn gave pointers from his spot where he was smoking on the rock and laughing at the hobbits. "Move your feet." he yelled towards them. Frodo and Sam were watching as well and eating while Gimli and Gandalf where talking and Legolas was keeping watching jumping from rock to rock to get a 360 view. "If anyone was to ask for my opinion, which I note they're not, I'd say we were taking the long way round. Gandalf, we could pass through the Mines of Moria. My cousin, Balin, would give us a royal welcome," Gimli said and Ariel heard Legolas snort quietly with her new elf supper hearing and she chuckled at him. It seemed to her that Elves and dwarfs don't have a good relationship with each other. "No Gimli, I would not take the