" I go back to December all the time…" -Taylor Swift, 'Back to December' Disclaimer: This is based off of The Mockingjay Lives' "Red Rose Girl." I was one of the characters used in there and this is her POV. All idea credit goes to her! We lost the rebellion. That kept replaying in my head as our parents sadly escorted us from the tunnel that was built for us during the bombings. Minus mine, who had died. I was going to an orphanage back in my District. My hand tightly clenched Fin's, the best friend I had had for the last 5 years, since I was 8. "Fin," I mumbled, and he nodded. "Whatever happens, whatever the Capitol does to us, I just want you to know that I'm hoping for the best." He nodded again. He was going back to his district with his father. I had a sinking feeling we would see each other again…in need of assistance. I saw the sunlight and I blinked, not having seen it for over a year. "Bye." Everyone in our group; Seilide, Fin, Kitty, Lyssan, and I, said our goodbyes. The only ones that didn't necessarily have to say goodbye were Lyssan and Seilide, who were from the same district, 3. We had heard that we would be separated unless something that the Capitol had not told the public yet would happen. I knew that it was something bad...especially for the major rebels, and we were probably the biggest rebel kids out there. I walked alone over to the helicopter labeled '1'. I saw an overturned vehicle in the forest, rusted and destroyed. I shivered and wondered what the district looked like. Guess I have to find out, I thought, and got in. The ride took about an hour and it was boring. I sat still in my seat as the men at the front laughed and talked. They were in strange white suits with visors and boots. I hadn't seen them before. I saw a patch on one of their shoulders, and I squinted to get a good view of it. 'Peacekeeper,' it read. What the hell was a Peacekeeper? I shook my head in distaste and closed my eyes until we reached the district. The district. Strangely, everything looked pretty much untouched from above. We landed just outside the electrified gate. I looked down at a piece of metal I was standing on, rusted, dirty, but had readable words. I hadn't personally read in a long time but I tried. After about a minute I made out 'Welcome to New Mexico.' I wondered where New Mexico was, or what was it? Well, it didn't matter anymore, it didn't exist. As I walked into the orphanage, I looked for a face I recognized. Someone I knew. The pretty blonde girl in the corner..? No. She looked a lot like my friend Shimmer, but she had scars running through her face...Wait! She's calling my name! I walked over to her. "Sh-Shimmer?" I stuttered. "Silver!" She wrapped me in a hug and I felt tears come to my eyes. She must've gotten hurt in-combat. "I haven't seen you in years…" "Yeah, well, the Dark Days can ruin a lot...Where did you go?" I sat on the floor next to her, and I realized how skinny she was. I was fortunate to have received food daily back in the Cave. "The forests of District 12...I was there when they blew up 13. My father went missing and he hasn't been found yet, and the scars...are from when I flew back." I imagined 11-year-old Shimmer flying back, branches scratching and scarring her face. I frowned, remembering the traumatic experience for me. I was in the Cave, which was on the outskirts of district 6. The men rushing down the hallway, one quietly kneeling next to me, saying the exact words I remember to this day. "Shimmer, I'm sorry...your parents were blow up when District 13 was bombed." That day was the day the people of Panem came up with the name 'Dark Days.' I cried forever that night, I remember everyone trying to comfort me. Nothing helped, of course. My thoughts were interrupted by a loudspeaker going off in the middle of the District, I rushed outside next to Shimmer to hear what was going on. "Hello District 1! There will be a required attendance of every child in the district from the ages of 12 to 18. It will be tomorrow and you must be there by 8:45 AM. You will find out more later. Good night!" It hung up. I knew that voice, it was familiar...It was something to do with the Capitol's revenge on the Districts. I squeezed Shimmer's hand. "Let's go watch some TV, that'll help." During a reality show we were watching based on girls trying to do their makeup as quick as possible, it was interrupted with the Capitol seal. The whole girl's orphanage quieted down as everyone payed attention. A man appeared on a stage. "Hello everyone. It is I, your president, Roselia Snow. It has come to mind that the Districts have rebelled against the Capitol. We have won. It is over, and now we come to peace. In return for the District's severe actions, this is the punishment; each District will choose a boy and a girl from the ages of 12 to 18 randomly to participate in a game called the "Hunger Games." 24 children, known as tributes, will fight to the death in an arena, with one victor to overcome all. Every 25 years, there will be a 'Quarter Quell,' where the Games will be made more deadly. That is all, and good luck my new tributes." I shook my head. I couldn't believe it. "I'm...going to sleep." Shimmer nodded as I rushed upstairs and flopped into my bed, crying painful tears. It was definite that rebel families were going to be picked...I had one of the most dangerous ones. Along with my friends. I imagined Fin, now I knew that sinking feeling. His father had killed so many Capitol guards. I cried myself to sleep until the dreaded morning of the 'Reaping'. "Silver...Silver, wake up! It's already 8:30!" I woke up to Shimmer's face. I nodded, my eyes sore. I combed my short hair over the perimeter of my face, like usual. I splashed water in my face, put some cream on. At least this was the luxury district, I thought, feeling bad for districts like Kitty's. I put on one of my only clothing articles that actually had a nice feel to it; my mother's prom dress. I knew there weren't going to be any proms anymore, so I decided that this would be it's final prom. The reaping. It had a gorgeous silk scarf that hung loosely around my neck, and it was a sparkling white dress. I adjusted the grey scarf to match my eyes and walked out without Shimmer, who had already left. It was 8:50 and I was one of the few left. I saw one of those 'Peacekeeper' men. "Finger," he said authoritatively. I wondered what he was going to do. He took a needle, jabbed it into my finger, then read the words on it. "Silver Grates. Carry on." He pushed my bleeding finger into a piece of paper and pushed me to a roped-off section that read '13.' I was directed into it as I saw the new mayor walk up to a podium and start speaking to crap. I looked over into the 12-year-old section, where Shimmer was. I frowned as the mayor walked away and a lady, in an explosive pink dress and cotton-candy hair, with tall heels that were glittering, walked up. "Hello everyone! I'm Candy Gumm, and I'm District 1's escort this year! Who's excited?!" In the silence, I mimicked her horrible high-pitched voice. It hurt my ears. "Well, I'm going to play a very special video all the way from the CAPITOL!" She made it sound like the Capitol was SO amazing. My god, I hated her. War, terrible war. Widows, orphans, a motherless child. This was the uprising that rocked our land. Thirteen districts rebelled against the country that fed them, loved them, protected them. Brother turned on brother until nothing remained. And then came the peace, hard fought, sorely won. A people rose up from the ashes and a new era was born. But freedom has a cost. When the traitors were defeated, we swore as a nation we would never know this treason again. And so it was decreed, that each year, the various districts of Panem would offer up in tribute, one young man and woman, to fight to the death in a pageant of honor, courage and sacrifice. The lone victor, bathed in riches, would serve as a reminder of our generosity and our forgiveness. This is how we remember our past. This is how we safeguard our future. I shivered, what a disgusting video. She said something about 'volunteers-' who the hell would volunteer to fight to the death? It sounded dumb. "Ladies first!" I crossed my fingers. I had a rebel family. It was going to be me… "Silver Grates, the very first female tribute EVER!" Was this some type of award? I still gasped. I didn't ACTUALLY expect to hear my name get called, out of all these kids. I slowly walked up, knowing my friends in other districts would be watching this very moment. I bared my teeth as I walked up the stage- my signature move. Facing my death. The 13 year old girl was facing her death. That was supremely unnatural. The male was called; I recognized the boy to be an aggressive kid with a huge rebel family. They made us shake hands, he squeezed mine painfully. I frowned at him as they directed us to some 'rooms' to say goodbye. I hoped this wasn't my last goodbye. " Promise me you won't cry This is our last goodbye…" -Ke$ha, 'Last Goodbye' I wanted to go back to December so badly. So I could be hugging all my friends, not in a friendly way, but for warmth. I remember how I was between Kitty and Lyssan, Kitty especially was really warm. Probably because she had a fuzzy leather coat and we didn't, but who knows? This was my recap of life while I walked into the 'room.' As soon as I sat down Shimmer rushed in. "SILVER! I-I...Just win, I wanna see you again, okay..?" I nodded. "I'll miss you when I'm gone…" "Silver?" "Yes?" "Can you do that song for me...just in case...this is the last time?" I nodded and started. " I've got my ticket for the long way 'round Two bottle whiskey for the way And I sure would like some sweet company Oh, I'm leaving tomorrow. What do you say? When I'm gone (when I'm gone) When I'm gone (when I'm gone) You're gonna miss me when I'm gone You're gonna miss me by my hair You're gonna miss me everywhere, You're gonna miss me when I'm gone I've got my ticket for the long way 'round The one with the prettiest view It's got mountains, it's got rivers It's got woods that give you shivers But it sure would be prettier with you When I'm gone (when I'm gone) When I'm gone (when I'm gone) You're gonna miss me when I'm gone You're gonna miss me by my walk You'll miss me by my talk You're gonna miss me when I'm gone I've got my ticket for the long way 'round These feet weren't built to stay too long And I'll go there on my own But you'll miss me when you're home It's for you, dear, that I sing this song When I'm gone (when I'm gone) When I'm gone (when I'm gone) You're gonna miss me when I'm gone You're gonna miss me by my hair You're gonna miss