Chapter 1 BBQ BPOV I was laying peacefully in my bed when I was jolted awake by a little body running in and jumping on me at full force. My daughter Sophie decided she would be my alarm clock this morning. "Mommy! Wake up!" my little five year old yelled in my ear; making me jump a little at the high pitched sound. I sat up groggily and looked down at my little smiling angel. She had my eyes and her hair was brown but in the sunlight you could see the red she got from her father. She's the most beautiful little girl I've ever seen. I smiled down at my little princess then got a little playful glare on my face as she sunk back with a big smile, she knows this look. "Now Miss Soph, why did you have to wake mommy up,-I asked playfully as I pounced on top of her and started tickling her vigorously-you know what happens when you wake mommy up!" She squealed with laughter as I tickled her to no end; I'm usually not a morning person, but hearing my daughter's laughter in the morning warms my heart. "I'm sorry! Mommy, stop it!" she screamed through laughs. I giggled and released her reluctantly. "Okay sweet girl. What do we have lined up for today?" I asked as my daughter followed my movement and laid on her stomach with her chin in her hands, facing me. "Mommy did you forget about the cook out at Masens house?" Damn. I did forget, well glad she reminded me. "Of course I didn't. I just wanted to see if you remembered. Okay, now let mommy get dressed and then I will come in and help you find something okay?" She nodded happily as we jumped off the bed and she ran to her room. I shook my head as I walked into my closet to find something to wear for a cook out to a house full of people that I know very well and happen to have gone to school with and am the mother of two of the children attending-well three including Sophie-…great. I pulled on a pair of dark wash jean shorts and a Black Bandeau Top and my white braided t-strap sandals. I then walked over to my jewelry box and pulled on the crystal heart necklace that Sophie's father gave me before I had her. And her twin….oh boy. I shook my head then walked into Sophie's pink room where everything princess was found. I smiled as she stood at the end of her bed with a big smile on her face all excited and ready for the day as I walked over to her smaller walk-in closet and pulled out a pretty sundress for her. It was pink of course, it was a spaghetti strap, and I grabbed a pair of pink flip flops to match it. "Okay Miss Soph get dressed and meet me downstairs okay?" She nodded her cute little head and eagerly began pulling her dress on. I shook my head as I went downstairs to grab my Iphone to look at the directions I got from Masen's aunt Alice….she told me I had to come so there was no getting out of it. I picked up my star bucks frappicino right as Sophie bounded down the stairs fully dressed and excited to get going. I smiled as we headed out to the car. I drove a ford escape because I had Sophie so it seemed to be the best car. I didn't even look at the directions Alice gave me because I already knew where Esme and Carlisle Cullen live. I was there everyday when I was in high school, I dated their son Edward for a very, very long time. And after I had Sophie we decided we'd split. I didn't want to and it still hurts like hell sometimes because I miss him….and my boys, Masen doesn't know me and Ethan doesn't know me as well as I wish he did. Once Soph was already to go in her car seat we were on our way to the Cullen home. I was really nervous about all of this but I knew everything would be okay, well I can only hope really. Sophie was listening to one of her favorite little kid CD's as I was driving, she was preoccupied and singing along happily in her little pink princess car seat. I love watching her in her own little world, she is so adorable. I finally pulled into the drive at Esme and Carlisle's mansion and was breath taken, I haven't seen it in so long I just couldn't believe it was still this beautiful. Especially in the summer here in California. Sophie was out and running for the front door before I could even get out. I was going to call out to her when I saw who she was running to. A little boy the same height as her with the same eyes, and the same hair color. It was Masen, my baby boy that I never got to know beyond holding him after giving birth. I sighed before walking up the walkway and into the house I spent so many years in. I looked around to see where the two of them went and saw them running to the backyard so I followed. I pulled my hand through my wavy mess that I call hair nervously as I walked outside with my ray bans firmly placed over my eyes. "Hi Sophie. Where's your mom sweetie?" I heard Esme's sweet voice ask my daughter and when she pointed over at me I nearly lost it. Esme looked up with a smile and I couldn't help but smile back. She started walking quickly toward me and the next thing I knew she was crushing me to her and saying how much she missed me. And I told her the same. Today may just be a good day…unless Edward is here…..lord help me. EPOV I woke up this morning to my two boys yelling at each other… Oh boy here we go. I thought as I rolled out of bed and trudged into the room the boys shared in our two bed room apartment, I don't make enough to have something nicer an bigger. But I would like to someday. I walked into the boys' room and saw Ethan and Masen going at it over clothes to wear for today…..yup their definitely Bella's kids. Ah, Bella, I miss her so much. "Okay! Hey! Enough!" I yelled over my two boys' screaming. They looked up at me with apologetic looks. I get woken up to their yelling and screaming a lot and they know how much it makes me mad. I looked to my ten year old son, Ethan, who should know better and he just hung his head in shame. Then I looked to my five year old, Masen, who didn't know better just yet but will very soon I promise you that. "Okay boys. Let's do this. Ethan grab your clothes and get dressed in the bathroom. And Mas, you get dressed in here." They nodded and Ethan grabbed his jean shorts, converse, and black t-shirt before heading for the bathroom. I turned to Masen and he smiled widely at me and I couldn't help but smile back. He had his mother's eyes, and his mother's hair but when the sun hits it you can see the red he got from me. "Alright buddy let's find you something to wear." I pulled him over to his side of the closet to find him some clothes. I handed him a pair of cargo shorts, a blue short sleeve dress shirt, and some tennis shoes. He took them eagerly and started dressing as I walked back to my room to find something to wear myself. I wanted to look nice because, well, Bella is going to be there with Sophie, Masen's twin….who is his best friend from school, they don't know their brother and sister. I shook that thought while pulling on my blue and white plaid button up from Hollister and rolled the sleeves up to my elbows and left the top two buttons open-just how Bella likes it-then I pulled on my belted twill cargo shorts and my black converse. I grabbed my black sport sunglasses and then left my room, not even bothering with my mess of hair, it's always a mess anyway so it's fine. I walked into the living room to see the boys looking up at me eagerly. Masen is excited about seeing Sophie and Ethan is excited about seeing his mother….Ethan is the only one that knows about Bella and Sophie besides my family and Bella's. Hopefully it wont be that way for too long. I smiled at my two sons while waving them off to the truck, they got up and bolted out there quickly. I shook my head while I locked the place up and went to the truck. Masen was ready in his car seat in the back and Ethan was seat belted in in the front seat beside me so I started the truck and headed to my parent's place. I looked over at Ethan in the corner of my eye and it was like looking at a miniature me. He had the same hair color as me and the same eye's, and quite a few other quirks of mine. But boy does he sure as heck act like his mother, beside's having my looks, he acts like his mom. He has her smile, her temper, everything….it reminds of how much I actually let go of when we split up after the twins were born. At the time I thought it would be good for us, take a break, well then that break turned into never really seeing each other again just hearing of the other….I miss her so much and I just want her back. Maybe she feels the same way about me….I surely hope so. When I pulled up to the house I saw my cousin Alice's yellow Porsche, Emmett's orange Jeep, my dad's Mercedes, and mom's Toyota Camri. But what I wasn't expecting to see was a black Sierra sitting beside Alice's Porsche. And seeing as how I'm the only one in the family with a truck-an F-150 to be correct-then that must mean that Jasper Swan is here… just great. I got out of the truck right as the boys ran into the house at full speed, hoping that the people they wanted to see most were here. But I wasn't so sure because I didn't see Bella's Ford Escape any where. Maybe she forgot where my parents' house was at….no, she was here everyday in high school. Bella and I had been together forever before we broke up… We started dating when we were juniors in high school and we were together ever since. Until, of course, the twins came along. Bella had Ethan when she was 20 and I'm only a year older then her so I was 21. We were still in college, but my parents helped us a lot….and our love was stronger after having Ethan so as soon as we were out of college we wanted another baby. Ethan was maybe five when Bella had the twins…those nine months were very stressful for the both of us, and after the twins it didn't get better. So I thought it would be better if we just separated, so she took Sophie and I took the boys. Ethan was heart-broken and so was I, I said something in a moment of anger and I've regretted it ever since. The day that Masen came home from his first day of kindergarten all excited-telling me of his new best friend Sophie Swan-I had hope that maybe I could get a second chance at being with Bella….that is if Jasper will