Chapter 1 Moving On BPOV I'd been out all morning looking for a new job. But it just comes to show you, Boston isn't very helpful when it comes to finding the perfect job. There are so many choices, but I want a certain thing and I can't find anyone hiring for it. My strength is drawing, painting, anything to do with art. But of course I can't find anyone who is hiring advertisement artists. Which is really starting to make me mad. Out of all the places in Boston to work I can't find one dang place that is looking for an advertisement designer. I've walked around looking for somewhere since about ten o'clock this morning. And it's now one. I was exhausted. So I looked for the nearest Starbucks. As soon as I walked in I was welcomed by the sweet scent of fresh coffee. I sighed contentedly while going to the counter to order my favorite. "Welcome to Starbucks. What can I get for you?" The perky woman behind the desk asked. "Hi, I'd like a vanilla bean frappichino. Grande." "Alright will that be all for you?" "Yes." "Okay that will be 4.99" I pulled my wallet out of my bag and handed her a five dollar bill as she called out my order. She handed me my change and asked the name and I told her Swan. I was putting my wallet back in my bag as I walked to a table to sit down while also trying to juggle my portfolio of pictures/drawing. I just about had my wallet in there when I bumped into a very hard person, apparently somebody liked to work out. I fell back and dropped my portfolio all over the floor, I was just about to fall when two strong arms caught me before I fell. I looked up to see crystal blue eyes and curly honey blonde hair. "Ma'am I am so sorry I didn't see you. Are you alright?" he asked in the most adorable southern drawl I have ever heard, it made me smile. "Yes I'm fine. And trust me you can't take all the blame I wasn't watching where I was going." I said while bending down to pick up my drawings, and noticed he was helping, but also admiring them. "Did you draw these?" he asked while looking at one in particular for longer than the others. "Um, yes actually I did." I said while putting them all back into my portfolio. "Well they are absolutely amazing. Um, I'm sorry I didn't quite introduce myself. I'm Jasper Whitlock. And you are?" he asked as we stood, he also held out his hand for me to shake. Which made me smile even wider. "I'm Bella, Bella Swan." I shook his hand as they called my name so I could get my drink. Once I had the drink I went to sit down and noticed that Jasper was sitting with me as well. "Do you think you might have a moment to spare?" he asked eagerly, an excited glint in his eyes. He looked like a little kid who just got the toy car he wanted for Christmas. "Um I should have ten or fifteen minutes." his smiled widened. "That's perfect. I know this must be weird seeing as how we don't know each other and I bumped into you and made you lose all your art work. But this may make more sense when I tell you where I work. You see I work at Cullen, Cullen & Whitlock, we specialize in helping small businesses get started, if we see that they will go somewhere. And of course we have advertisement artists. And non of them are as good as what I saw in your portfolio. Bella, I can guarantee you that if I brought you back to the office with me and showed my colleagues, who are my greatest friends, your art work and the head of the advertisement," "I can guarantee you that you will walk out of there with the best job of your life. If you are looking for a job that pays great and has to do with you drawing, painting, sculpting, you name it and this job has it. Bella, all you have to do is say yes and I will take you over to my office personally and I will get you a job. What do you say?" I've got three words…..Oh. My. God. I cant believe this is happening to me. I just spent hours and hours looking for a job and here is someone who I just met, who bumped into me and made me drop all my stuff, and he owns part of a company and he fell in love with my drawings and is guaranteeing me a job! How crazy is this? I'm not being punk'd am I? "Jasper, I…yes I would love that! And to think I spent all morning looking for this exact job." He smiled widely when I said this, oh my gosh I'm about to get the job of my dreams! This so cannot be happening! Ah! "Well how about we head on over to the office, we'll talk to my colleagues, you can meet them and the advertisement department head, she's married to one of the guys I work with." He said while we stood to walk out of the coffee shop and head over to his office building which was less than a mile away. It was just like every other buildings, glass and tall. Maybe about 35 stories. "Do you own the building?" I asked as we walked in and immediately got into the elevator. "Why yes we do. Each floor has its own job. We have thirty floors." Hmm, only five off. This is a big building. Jasper pulled out his black berry and started texting someone rapidly. He must be telling his colleagues he was coming and to get the advertisement head up in their office or something. He looked up from his phone as soon as he heard the elevator ding. We stepped off the elevator and he started leading me through a hallway. "This floor is mostly our conference rooms. Mostly for when we meet with a client and then there is one for the artists to meet with clients. That sort of thing. We also have a meeting room for when we meet with the heads of each department to see how things are going and of course that same room is where we interview. But each floor with a certain department has at least two conference rooms on that floor. But our main one's are on this one. Ah here we are." He explained as we came to a set of big double doors, those of which were wide open. As we walked in I noticed three people were in the room. One woman, and two men. EPOV I'm sitting here in one of our conference rooms on the twentieth floor waiting for Jasper. He texted me, Emmett, and Rosalie to meet him in here because he met a girl while he was getting coffee who apparently is an exceptional artist, and he just had to bring her in right away. She must be pretty good. He better get her soon though, I don't want to see Rosalie and Emmett making kissy faces at each other any longer than I have to. I mean its enough torture when I have to go out with them and Jasper and Alice. I'm the only one in our group of friends who is single. And trust me I really want to find someone. Bad. "I wonder who Jasper found?" Emmett asked as he and Rosalie looked over to me from across the table. "I don't know. Jasper probably scared the poor girl because he's just like us. If he see's something he likes, he goes after it and doesn't stop until he get's it." Emmett nodded knowingly. Jasper has been Emmett and my best friend since we were in diapers. We are just a like, you would think we were brother's except Jasper looks nothing like my brother and I. Emmett is a tall muscular guy, he's about 6'5', he looks like a bear, seriously, he has shaggy, curly brown hair and blue eyes like our father. He's a real sweet guy, very intimidating sometimes too. He's wearing his black suit today with a blue dress shirt and tie, Rosalie probably picked it out for him! I turned in my chair while crossing my right leg over my left, resting my ankle on my left knee and looked over at the door wondering where Jasper was. Emmett was leaned up on the big table his elbows resting on it and his chin in his hands. Rosalie was sitting back in her chair looking bored. Rosalie is a tall beautiful blonde, her hair goes to her shoulders and it has slight waves in it. She is about 5'10, an hour-glass figure, crystal blue eyes. She's really nice, but make her mad and there will be hell to pay. She's wearing her hair in a ponytail with her bangs on the left side of her face. She is wearing a blue bandage dress-I think that is what Alice said that was-and some blue heels. She was also wearing blue eye shadow and all that other make-up along with red lipstick, and a blue necklace. I was just about to ask where Jasper was when he walked in the door with a woman trailing beside him. My eyes widened when I saw her. She was gorgeous. She was tall, about 6'1', she had beautiful chocolate-brown eyes, she was tan, she had amazing curly dirty blonde hair that went just past her shoulder blades, she had a beautiful hour-glass figure, she was perfect. She was wearing a beautiful black dress that hugged onto her skin and accentuated her figure in all the right places, it was strapless and knee-length. She was also wearing a pair of silver sparkly stiletto ankle boots. She was wearing black eye liner and mascara. She was also wearing a black jeweled necklace and matching earrings. I hang out with Alice too much, I'm turning into a chic! "Emmett, Rosalie, Edward. I would like for you all to meet Bella Swan. She's the woman I was wanting you all to meet. Bella this is Emmett and Edward my partners, they are also brother's and my life long best friends. And this lovely woman right here is Rosalie the head of the department, you and I are hoping you will be getting into, and Emmett's wife." Jasper introduced the girl named Bella, while also telling her a little about us. She smiled at us as we all stood to move up closer to sit with her and Jasper at the end of the table. "It's nice to meet all of you." she spoke softly and politely as we all sat down together. Her voice was so soft and sweet. "As well you Bella. Jasper since you found her why don't you tell us why you brought this poor girl all the way here. She looks exhausted." Rose said while taking the poor girl's hand and squeezing it tightly, it only emanated a smile from her. But Rose was right, she did look tired. "Well actually Jasper isn't the reason I'm exhausted. I've walked around Boston since around ten this morning looking for a job. We ran into each other in Starbucks. And when I say ran into each other I mean literally. Neither of us were paying attention, and when we bumped into each other my drawings fell out of my portfolio and scattered everywhere." Aw the poor thing, she's been walking around all morning, and in big ass heels no less. "Oh my goodness you poor thing. Well you know what you came to the perfect place. It seems Jasper has already taken to your