Waiting for Superman I sighed heavily while fidgeting in my seat for the hundredth time. I have always been uncomfortable in hospitals, even when I was pregnant. But now, after everything that has happened, I can barely walk through the main entrance without having a mild panic attack. "Isabella Swan?" I looked up to see the nurse waiting for me with a smile. Well let's get this over with shall we? "That's me." "Let's get you back here and get these tests started so you can get out of here." I nodded my head once and followed her to the back where the doctor quickly started my tests. I was in and out within an hour. "Now Bella you look like you are doing well for yourself." Doctor Reynolds smiled down at me as I sat on the bed in the small room waiting to be released. "I have been, I still have those bad days of course but I am getting through. As long as I can still keep up with my nine year old and my twenty eight year old best friend I think I should be good right?" I joked lightly. He smiled softly and continued reading over my file. "That's good, very good actually. Well you know that the results won't be in for another week or two and so for now it is just a waiting game. But I have a good feeling that we have beat this and it won't be back. Now tell me, are you still planning on moving?" Oh yeah, I almost forgot. "Actually, I leave in a few days. It's time to go back to my roots and face my past, it's been a long time coming." "I'm glad to hear that Bella, now I got in contact with a colleague of mine in Seattle and he is willing to take over your care. I took the liberty of making you an appointment to meet him on the thirteenth of next month. Sooner depending on the results of your test, here is his contact information in case you need to see him sooner. And I mean this Bella, you know the signs, you know your body. No one else does, so if something feels off you have to call him or go straight to the hospital, do you understand me?" I smirked slightly, very protective this one. I mean when you have gone through a journey such as mine with one person for four years you tend to develop a close relationship. "I promise Don. Thank you so much for everything you have done for me and my son. It means a lot to me." "It has been my pleasure Bella, please stay in touch of course. I'd like to keep updated on how you and your son are doing. If you need anything at all you know not to hesitate to call me." "I know that. Thank you again." I whispered while standing and putting the card he gave me into my purse. He enveloped me in a hug and walked me out to the front entrance. "You be careful now, and have a safe trip." "I will." With those parting words I made my way to the parking lot, feeling ten pounds lighter as I got into the car. Driving home with the windows down and the music up, that's the best part of summers in Chicago, and I love summer. A smile tugged at my lips when I pulled up to my apartment complex to see Chase and Johnny standing out front waiting for me with flowers and a box of chocolates. I parked the car on the street as usual and got out slowly, they always greeted me like this after my yearly checkups. And this is only my second one since I had gotten sick. "Hey guys." I greeted with a smile as Chase jumped into my arms. "Hey mom! Are you okay? What did the doctor say?" He asked while looking up at mw with those big green eyes. My nine year old was so worrisome, caring, and the biggest mama's boy in the world. In my opinion, and many others'. "You know we won't know the results for a while but the doctor is very confident that I will be okay." "Good!" He exclaims excitedly while kissing me on the cheek. I squeezed him once in my arms before setting him down and walking over to my best friend. "Hey gorgeous! You look great, these are for you." He handed me my flowers and kissed my cheek sweetly. "Thanks Johnny. He wasn't any trouble was he?" I asked as we followed Chase up the steps to the apartment. So independent this one, a little too independent for my liking but安hat can I do? "He was perfect as usual. Now, what is this I hear about you moving and leaving me behind?" He asked with a hurt look in his eye, oh right I hadn't told him yet. Damn. "I was gonna tell you I swear. How did you find out?" "I found out at the office, they gave your job to some bimbo that has been trying to get in my pants." I barked out a laugh as we entered the empty elevator behind my son. He just glared at me from the corner of his eye while pushing the button for my floor. "And you haven't let her?" "Not my type." He muttered in annoyance as we rode to the top with Chase chatting excitedly, telling me about his day in great detail. Effectively halting our conversation for the time being as he loved being center stage and hated being interrupted. "Yeah you don't have a type." I said once Chase was in his room and we were alone in the kitchen. I sat my flowers on the counter top and set to opening the chocolates that were always my undoing. Freaking truffles. "You are my type but you won't let me have that. Besides, I just haven't met the right girl yet. Anyway, back to the fact that you think you are leaving Chicago without me." I rolled my eyes, I wasn't gonna have him leave his life behind for me. He has lived here his whole life, I came around halfway through college and threw a wrench in his life that I didn't mean to do. He didn't care though, he introduced me to all his friends and took care of me when he found out I was pregnant. He never left my side, even when I got sick. He is the only reason I have any friends here in Chicago. I don't know what I would do without Johnny in my life, I need him more than a fish needs water. But I can't ask this of him. "Johnny, I don't wanna leave you but I can't ask you to leave your life behind. Chicago is all you know." "No Bella! You and Chase are all I know! I can't let you leave without me, which is why," He paused with a devious look in his eyes她h no, I know that look all too well. "I took the liberty of transferring with you, since I am already your assistant they didn't see a problem with it. So where are we living?" I didn't know what to say, I was gaping at him like a fish out of water. I had no words, I knew he was crazy but I didn't know it ran this deep. "Are you serious right now?" I asked in a low whisper. "Yeah, you really think you were going anywhere without me?" "I had hoped I wouldn't have to." I admitted in a small voice, avoiding his gaze as it was smoldering me. I love him too much to lose him. "You never have to do anything alone Bella, I'll always be here. So, how long do I have to pack?" He asked with a smirk as he popped one of my chocolates into his mouth. "We leave Friday." "Cool, my lease is up so now I don't have to renew it. What about you?" "I informed my landlord a month in advance so I am good." "Awesome." He leaned across the counter to kiss my cheek before heading to Chase's room. I smiled to myself, well at least I will have one person with me. This is gonna be the hardest thing I have had to do in my life, well scratch that. Getting diagnosed with breast cancer was the hardest thing I have had to go through and that definitely takes center stage on this one. Sighing I leaned up against the counter, I was just so tired. I can't lie anymore and I can't keep Chase away from his father anymore. Hell, I never wanted to in the first place but I had to. With everything that had happened there was nothing I could do, I had no choice. I had to leave, when I found out I was pregnant I tried to get in contact with him, any of them. The only one I could get ahold of was Carlisle, he had always been so gracious towards me. He was like my second father. " Hello?" " Carlisle? It's Bella Swan." My heart was pounding in my ears, and a lump rose in my throat instantly. " Bella? How are you sweetie? I've been so worried about you, where have you been? We tried finding you but you disappeared and your father wouldn't tell us where you went." He truly did care about me. That's good to know. " Um, I am alright. I was calling to see if there was any way I could get in touch with Ed-um, him." There was a few beats of silence on the line before he answered me. " He doesn't live in Forks anymore sweetie, he actually hasn't spoken to any of us since you left. He has been beating himself up the most, he misses you terribly, and he won't answer any of our calls. Especially mine." " Oh安ell, I need to talk to him Carlisle, please. It's important." He sighed slightly and I knew he was giving in. A lot had happened and I knew his and his son's relationship was the one that suffered the most在ut I needed this. " I'll try Bella, but there is no guarantee that he will listen to me or believe me. But I give you my word that I will do everything in my power. Can I keep this number and call you? So we can stay in touch?" I found myself smiling as I looked down at my protruding stomach, Johnny's eyes burning into the side of my head. " Of course Carlisle. Thank you so much." I sighed heavily and hung up the phone, the wounds are still fresh and I am still hurting so badly from the things he said and the things they did. But, I have to tell him that I am pregnant. He has a right to know, no matter how he feels about me. He needs to know that he is going to be a father, then the ball will be in his court on what he chooses to do. I never knew that when Carlisle called me again it would be to tell me that his son had took his call, and that he in fact did not believe that I got in touch. He was awful to his father, and it broke Carlisle more than I would ever know. And that was when I decided that he didn't need to know about his child. Not if he was going to treat his own father so terribly. Carlisle and I stayed in touch, he never told his family that he knew where I was though. Or that I had a son, but there was one thing I had never told Carlisle, the reason why I had