A/N: This story is about a girl and her daddy, and a love that everyone believed was just a college fling that would end. Their love will get them through all the troubles and all the changes. A daddy's love is unconditional and this story is about love, loss, pain, and changes. All my life I grew up in a loving and caring environment. One with two parents who loved each other and me more than life itself, and nothing was ever supposed to change that. I was my daddy's little princess, I was the apple of his eye and that never changed even when I got older. He would do anything for me, he still would, and he always put me first and always would. My mother treated me like the respected little lady that I was, and she still treats me with respect. She loves me unconditionally like all mothers should, she would give her life for me in an instant. My parents are loving, caring, and would do anything to make their little girl happy. So when the time came for college applications you can understand that they were wary, they didn't want their little girl leaving and going into the world without them because that meant I was growing up and I didn't need them anymore. They were worried about losing me but they still supported me in every decision and helped me in my choices. When I told my dad that I wanted to become a doctor just like him I was very little and he thought that once I was older I would change my mind, like most children do. But imagine his surprise when he asked me one night at the table, when we were filling out applications together, what I wanted to do and I told him I wanted to be a surgeon just like my daddy. His eyes were watery almost instantly and it was all he could do to keep the tears from falling as he looked at me, blue eyes meeting blue eyes. He was so proud in that moment, he had always been proud of me but he was even more proud at that moment. Once he knew I still wanted to be a doctor he showed me everything I needed to know, all the colleges that had the best medical programs, even the college he went to. Harvard University. My top two choices were Harvard and Yale, I applied to a few other schools in Washington but there was no other school I wanted to go to more than Harvard. I had the grades, I had everything I needed to get into the school of my dreams, the school my father went to. Yes, I admit I am the definition of a daddy's girl but I have always looked up to my dad for the things he has accomplished. He is the most compassionate, smart, and kind man I have ever known and I am so lucky to have him as a father. I wouldn't want anyone else to be my father, I don't know what I would do without him. My mom is my best friend, but my father is more than that. He is my best friend, my protector, and in all ways my mentor. The day I got my acceptance letter to Harvard as a med student was the happiest day of my life, and my parents. They were so proud of me, I graduated high school with honors and as the class valedictorian. That summer I spent so much time with my mom and dad, the one time I went out with my friends was senior week. We went to the beach in South Carolina for two weeks, my dad was a nervous wreck the entire time. He called me every single day, morning, at lunch, and at night. It got a little annoying, but I understood that he was worried and that was understandable. Once I was home we spent as much time together as possible, daddy took me out on the days that mom was working and we spent the whole day together and would come home that night, make dinner together and fall asleep on the couch watching movies. Then when daddy was working mom and I would go shopping for clothes, and furniture and stuff to go in my apartment they were buying me in Boston. Then we would go home and cook dinner for when dad came home. We went on a cruise for three weeks when dad got his first vacation time, and the second vacation we took was to see dad's parents in Vancouver. To say it had been the best summer of my life is an understatement. Three weeks before I was to start classes we went ahead and moved my stuff into my new apartment, and this time daddy was unable to keep from crying as mom had finished hugging me and crying herself. Once she let go of me she went ahead to the car, not able to handle anymore and left me and daddy alone in my new living room. He didn't speak for a while, just looked at a picture of us on the wall, letting the tears fall unabashedly. I didn't know what to say to make him feel better, or myself, I was going to miss my daddy more than anything and seeing him cry made me cry. I tried to hide it but a few sobs got through and his attention left the picture and shifted toward me, his eyes softening and a small sad smile making its way onto his face as he came toward me and enveloped me in his arms. We stood there for I don't know how long before finally saying a teary eyed good-bye with promises to call all the time. Once he left I cried and cried and cried. I was pitiful and I didn't care because I missed my daddy. He was the one person in the world who understood me and he was on the other side of the country. I went home every chance that I got, every break I would go home and I would always be embraced in my dad's arms as soon as I got off the plane. Every time. Except for the times I would surprise them and come in early, the days I knew dad worked I would always show up at the hospital and drop in before going home to surprise mom. The first time I ever surprised him at work he cried so hard, he didn't care who was watching, he picked me up and twirled me around until we were both dizzy. He was so happy, and so was I. Those were the times I thought would never fade, never change. Well I was horribly wrong. ~~Things Change~~ "Hey gorgeous." "Hey you, what are you up to?" I asked, holding the phone to my ear with my shoulder as I was still packing a few clothes. "Just got done packing, think I could come up?" "You're here?" I asked with an amused laugh, leave it to him to show up unexpectedly. "Duh." "Get up here goof ball." I laughed while hanging up. I closed my suitcase and looked around my room, making sure I had all the clothes and shoes that I needed. There were a few other things I had packed that were already in my car so I think I have everything I need. There was a knock on my door just as I was walking into the kitchen, it opened before I said anything just as it always does when he comes over. He has a key, he is the only one besides my parents that has a key to my apartment. And no my parents do not know that he has a key. "Hey baby, all packed?" he asked with a smile as he came up behind me and enveloped me in his arms. "Yep, is it bad that I am super nervous?" I asked while leaning into his chest. "No, I'm nervous. I mean I am the one meeting your parents." "Yeah, but-" "No buts, you met my parents months ago and they fell in love with you. Now it's my turn to meet your parents, and to be honest I am scared shitless to meet your dad." At this I laughed hard, my dad is not a scary man in the slightest. "Hey, it's not funny! You have told me enough about your dad Bells, I mean he is so protective of you I'm afraid to make a bad impression. I want him to like me." "And he will." I said while turning in his arms, wrapping mine around his neck and looking into his eyes. "Look, I know my dad. He is super protective but that is only because he is my dad and I am his only daughter, I'm his baby. He wants me to be happy, and you make me happy." He smiled widely at me, his grey eyes sparkling, I brushed his long blonde hair out of his eyes and touched his lips with mine in a short welcoming and loving kiss. "I love you, you know that right?" he asked softly, taking my face in his hands gently. "I know, and I love you just as much," I whispered with a soft smile. "So, you're parents do know about me right?" he asked with a playful lift of his brows, I rolled my eyes and turned back to the counter to find something to snack on real quick. "They know all about you, except the fact that you have a key and stay over here a lot." "Yeah, well my parents don't even know that." He replied with a laugh while grabbing two waters from the fridge. "Bella?" "Alistair?" I retorted with a lift of my brow, challenging him with a smile. "Have you told them the most important thing?" he was serious, I felt bad instantly. I looked down, I want to tell my parents, and I have been meaning to tell my parents but every time the words get ready to come up something else always comes out instead. I feel awful for not telling them, because we told Alistair's parents when they were here, but I don't know why I haven't told my parents. "Are you scared they will get mad? I mean, it's our last year of college baby. We have been together for four of our eight years here and we are madly in love. It's real." "I know it is, my parents know that it is and even though they haven't gotten the chance to meet you yet they like you already. But I'm worried they won't approve of us being engaged, I don't know it's just a feeling. I have gone to tell them many time but every time I go to tell them it just doesn't come out and I don't know why. I want to tell them, I do I just don't know how." "Hey, hey come here." He said while pulling me into his arms, I didn't even realize I was crying until I felt them staining his shirt as they rolled down my cheeks. "It's okay that you haven't told them yet baby, we'll tell them together if that is what you want." "Really?" I whimpered into his neck. "You know it baby, we told my parents together and we will tell your parents together. We're a team remember?" "Yeah, yeah we are." I agreed with a slight laugh, pulling back slightly so I could look him in the eye. "I love you Bells, and don't ever think that you have to do something alone, ever." "I love you to Alistair." "Better never forget it." He threatened playfully, causing us both to laugh as he pulled me in for another kiss. I can't wait to spend this summer with