Volterra, Italy CPOV(Carlisle) My family and I have been staying in Volterra as a short vacation from Forks, Washington. Everyone was getting tired of the constant rain so we decided to come and spend some time in Italy. We can barely go out but when we do we have a good time. We are currently getting ready to go out and meet the Volturi. My family, except Edward, have never met them before so we will be doing that today. I pulled on a blue stripped dress shirt, some black pants, and shoes. My sweet Esme who is pretending to be my wife so our family can look complete, was pulling on a black dress with some gold sparkle heels. Her caramel curls flowed down her back beautifully. I admit, Esme is a very beautiful woman, we tried to be together but we aren't each other's soul mate and we have known that since the beginning as has everyone else. But we are pretending to be married to make ourselves look like a family in the eyes of the humans. I have been alone for a long time looking for my mate, I know I will find her I mean it's only a matter of time. "Carlisle dear? The children are waiting. Are you ready?" She asked in her soft silky voice. "Yes." I said while following her out of the room and down the stairs to find our children waiting at the end of the stairs. Emmett and Rosalie were standing in the archway. Alice was jumping up and down excitedly near the door with Jasper trying to calm her down. And Edward was standing beside the hand rails of the stairs. Alice was wearing a blue and white floral spaghetti strap along with a black skirt, and black heels. Her short spiky black hair was pushed back by a head band and her eyes were a vibrant gold showing just how excited she was, why? I have no clue. Jasper's curly blonde hair was hanging in his light gold eyes as he smiled softly at his hyper wife. He was wearing a pair of light wash destroyed jeans, a red long sleeve Hollister shirt, and some flip flops. Emmett's eyes were bright gold-not like Alice's-and his short black hair is in need of a trim. He was in a blue and white plaid button up, some dark wash jeans, and flip flops. His forearms were shown off perfectly, that boy is the most muscular of the family, with me in a close second, Edward in third, and poor Jasper in last. Rosalie had her blonde curls pulled back into a ponytail, her eyes were a very light gold which made her shirt look brighter. She was wearing a v-neck halter top that was black with gold pattern, she also had a pair of dark was skinny jeans and black heels on. Edward was looking down, his copper hair it's usual mess as his eyes were fully gold as mine are. He was wearing a white v-neck from Hollister, some dark wash destroyed jeans, and some flip-flops. Everyone looked very nice, they always do but they looked extra nice for a change. "Alice sweetheart I love you to death but what has you so riled up?" I asked softly while looking at my youngest daughter. She smiled at me brightly. "We wont only be meeting the Volturi today! We get to meet Isabella Swan, Ethan Swan, and Daniella Swan!" She explained excitedly. Which in return excited everyone, I know Ethan but I haven't met his sister's. All I know about them is they are both half-bloods and Daniella is only 15 she hasn't hit full growth yet. Unlike her sister Bella who hit her full growth at the age of 21. Bella is the most powerful supernatural creature in existence. She is amazing, and from what Ethan has said they are each very beautiful. Ethan is about as tall as I am at about 6'3'. He is a vampire, but he has a gift that gives him human traits so he is actually kind of tan. He has long blonde hair and light green eyes. He's muscular like Edward and very smart, he has been alive for a very long time, he is only seven days older than his sister Bella though. I think he is about 406, and Bella is 400. I'm use to being old, seeing as how I am the oldest in my family. Bella and I are the same age, and with as much as I have heard about her from Ethan I really can't wait until I finally meet her. I have heard so much about Bella from so many vampires, she is the strongest, most intelligent, and amazing supernatural being I have ever heard of. I would love to hear about the things she knows and al the things she has studied in her life, she is very intelligent and knowledgeable. Alice had insisted on her driving her Range Rover with Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie. So Edward, Esme and I took my black Mercedes that I keep here in Italy. It didn't slip our minds that she had all the singles ride together and all the couples ride together. Which meant that the little pixie was up to something that she didn't want any of us to know about. I let the thought slip from my mind as we pulled into the back of the Volturi castle. Jane and Alec were standing in front of the doors that led into the foyer waiting for us. Jane was wearing her hood up and looked as evil as ever. Her brother on the other hand was smiling wickedly as we all stepped out of the car's. "Welcome Carlisle, it is most wonderful to see you again. How about you and your family follow us and we will show you to Aro." I bowed my head while putting my arm around Esme. Jane smirked then turned to lead us inside. I followed after her and her brother with Esme at my side and the other's behind us. Once we were at the elevator Jane and Alec let us step in first and then they stepped in behind us. We all stood in an uncomfortable silence as we waited to get to the top floor where we would meet with Aro and his brother's. When the elevator came to a stop we came into a long familiar hallway which I have been in on many occasion. Alec and Jane led us down the hallway in silence until we came to the tall double doors. Jane turned to look at my family and with a blank look on her face she spoke softly. "Please excuse the masters mood. There was a bit of a problem with some of the guard earlier and they are more than displeased. But they will still be delighted to see all of you and I am sure the Swan's will as well." She smirked slightly before turning to open the doors. We all followed her into the big marble room to find Aro talking to Ethan with his little sister close to his side. Aro looked apologetic and poor Daniella looked scared to death. Ethan on the other hand looked extremely angry. "Ethan I am terribly sorry for all of this. I assure you this will never happen again." "Thank you Aro. Just don't let Bella any where near those two she might just kill one of them if not both." Ethan laughed heartily and so did Aro. Jane lightly cleared her throat when she made it to the platform and Aro looked up immediately, noticing us for the first time. He smiled widely at me and excused himself to Ethan. "Carlisle, old friend. What a pleasure it is to see you again." Aro said Joyfully as he walked toward me. A wide grin on his face with his arms outstretched as he hugged me in greeting. I smiled at him after pulling back and looked him over once quickly. "Aro a pleasure as always." I replied, just as joyful. "And this must be your family." he said while gesturing toward them. I smiled at him politely before looking at my lovely family. "Yes, as a matter of fact it is. This is Esme, That is Alice and Jasper. Rosalie and Emmett and of course you have met Edward." I told him while gesturing to everyone. Aro looked at us with a smile on his face, and he looked awed by us. "Well it is very nice to meet all of you. It is wonderful to have you all here visiting with us today. I hope your stay in Volterra has been a delightful one, it is wonderful to finally meet all of you. Carlisle has been a very good friend of mine for years and it is magnificent to finally meet his family," "have you all met the Swan's?" he asked-as if an after thought-while gesturing Ethan and Daniella over. When my family shook their heads he smiled before continuing. "Carlisle I know you have met Ethan here. But this is his little sister Daniella Swan. And Bella should be back soon so you will meet her shortly. Please make yourselves comfortable, socialize have a nice visit." He said before turning to go out of the room. I looked at Ethan to see a big smile gracing his face. He was wearing a white Hollister button up with the sleeves rolled up, a pair of destroyed jeans, and sperry's. "Nice to see you Carlisle." "You as well Ethan. Been well?" I asked as he pulled me into a tight hug. "Until today yes I have." "What happened?" I asked, hoping to clear up what the discussion was about earlier when we walked in. Ethan sighed heavily as he watched Daniella talk to Alice for a moment. I looked at the young girl and I was blown away by her beauty. She was barely taller than Alice at 5'0', she had long brown wavy hair, light skin, and dark blue eyes. She was wearing a black halter dress with a pair of black boots. Ethan was right she is very beautiful, now I wonder what Bella looks like. Ethan sighing again pulled me from my thoughts as I quickly averted my eyes back to him. "Well, we were at home. Doing our own thing, Daniella and I watching TV as Bella studied. And then all of a sudden all Hell breaks lose, Demetri and Felix burst in the door-two of Bella's good friends might I add-go after Bella and Daniella, oh man did that make me mad-Bella too; Bella goes off trying to get away from them while I'm getting Demetri away from my baby sister, Bella gets hurt pretty bad and in the mean time I'm over there across the room trying to protect them both and cant even get to Bella. I was so pissed, and all Aro wanted was for Demetri and Felix to escort us here to meet all of you. He is mad, Bella is mad and stressed which for her isn't a good combination," "Bella nearly killed the two of them when they got their hands on Danny. I mean everything happened at once Carlisle. I'm afraid to see what Bella will do when she comes back in here. She's getting bandaged up right now. She is hurt pretty bad, she could barely stand up." He told me with a scowl on his face as he shook with anger. He wasn't even looking at me, he was looking off into the distance, his sister looked at him worriedly before looking back to Alice who was still talking amicably. I decided I needed to get Ethan's mind off of what happened and decided to ask him why Bella is stressed. "Ethan, if you don't mind my asking, why is Bella stressed out?" I asked softly, he looked at