It just isn't Christmas without You I was as tired as hell and I felt more like death than I did when I was just in med school. I have worked 36 hours straight, no sleep at all and I have to go back in at three in the morning. I sighed heavily as I drove through the small town of Forks to my dad's house. He didn't know I was coming in tonight, nobody did. I wanted to surprise him, I haven't been home in a while due to my and his work schedules. It's Christmas Eve and I thought I would come see him, I haven't been home for Christmas in two years. And I only live in Seattle. I just wasn't feeling Christmas last year, or the year before, or even this year. At least the last two years I actually put up my tree, this year I didn't even bother. Why would I when the one person I want to spend the holidays with isn't here? I used to love Christmas, I used to be the most spirited person on the face of this planet when it came to the Christmas season. But the last two years have kind of sucked the spirit right out of me, but yet here I am looking all Christmas like in my red sweater, heels and my blood red lips. I rolled my eyes at myself as I parked the car in front of my childhood home, smiling softly to myself as I saw the Christmas lights lit up beautifully and my brother and cousins playing around in the living room. I hopped out of the car and headed inside where everything was full of Christmas cheer. I walked in and was instantly assaulted by the smell of Christmas cookies and the sound of Christmas music. Smiling I walked into the kitchen to find Esme, Alice, and my sisters-in-law Rosalie and Riley along with baby Carter sitting in her high chair. "Bewa!" She squealed in excitement as she saw me enter the room, making all the adults turn around in shock. "BELLA!" I was instantly enveloped in Alice and Rosalie's arms getting the life squeezed out of me. "Hey guys." They pulled away and I couldn't wipe the smile from my face, it's been a while since I have seen them. I looked over at Riley and nodded my head at her, she returned the gesture. We don't get along, not since I found out she was cheating on Edward of course, I kept it quiet though, not because I like her though. I did it for my step brother, who for some odd reason seems to really love her, and besides I told her it was up to her to tell him not me. She still hasn't done it. "Oh Bella honey, it's been too long! Come here and give me a hug sweetie!" Esme-my step mom gushed while holding her arms out to me. I smiled, sat my Starbucks and my wallet down on the counter before stepping into her arms. "Hey Esme." She stiffened slightly at my words, I wouldn't call her mom and I knew it hurt her feelings a little bit…but she wasn't my mother, she was a better mother than my real mom don't think differently. But she isn't my real mother. "How are you sweetie? We haven't seen you in a while." "Yeah, don't you work on Christmas Eve?" Alice asked as we all congregated around the island. "I just got off actually, I thought I would drop in and see everybody. Is dad here?" I asked hopefully. They all looked at one another and they each had a sour look on their faces before Esme answered me. Great. "Bella honey…he had to stay a little later tonight, he won't be home for a few hours. I'm sorry sweetie." My mood fell considerably, as if this Christmas could get any worse. Let's just add not getting to see my dad for another Christmas on the list too shall we? "Oh, well do you think he will be home before ten?" The look on her face said it all. No way. "Well, maybe he will be home before, I don't know. You could wait around and see." She was very hopeful, and so were the girls. I just couldn't. "I can't, I have to be back into work at three in the morning and I have to get home and get some sleep. I'm already behind because I came all the way out here." "You have to work on Christmas?" Rose asked in disbelief, not even my dad worked on Christmas. "Yeah, Mercy is a lot different than Forks Medical. I did have it off but someone called in last minute. If things go like I know they will, I'll be there all day." Wasn't that the truth? "That sucks, I'm sorry Bella. I wish you could be here." Alice said with a sad look in her eye. "Yeah me too. Is there anything I can help you with in here?" "No, no, no! You go in the living room and see the boys for a minute, we have everything in here sweetie!" Esme shooed me away easily. Not looking me in the eye, she was upset. "You sure?" "Yes, now go!" "Alright." I turned around and grabbed my Starbucks as I went. I stopped in the hall and listened in to what they were saying before I went into the living room with the boys. "Esme, what's wrong?" I heard Alice asked as Esme lightly sobbed. "It just hurts me to see her this way. She used to love Christmas, she used to be the most festive of us all and now it is like Christmas isn't anything to her." "Well I think that has a lot to do with Alistair not getting to come home for the holidays the past few years." Rose added. "That's true, she loves that boy and it breaks her every year that he doesn't get to come home. And because he doesn't come home she works herself to death so that she doesn't think about him being away and so it hurts less." "I know that girls, but I hate that it is taking such a toll on her. And ultimately it is taking a toll on Carlisle as well, he misses her so much and he hates seeing her hurt. I wish she could stay for Christmas, she hasn't been able to in so long and I know it crushed her to hear that Carlisle is still at work." "It'll work itself out Esme, let's just get through the holidays one step at a time. And who knows? Maybe we will have a miracle and everyone will be able to be together for Christmas this year." They were all so optimistic, I wish I could be that optimistic about things. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Christmas Eve~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I sat down in my desk chair heavily, it had been a long night and all I wanted to do was go home to my family and spend what little bit of Christmas eve I could with them before everyone headed off to bed. The little ones were in bed by now so I knew I would miss seeing them, but I knew my kids and wife were still up. I just hope my little girl is there as well…I opened my phone to see I had a missed call and a voice message. I decided to listen to it before I took off for the night. " Hey daddy, it's me. Um I just called to tell you that I stopped by to see you but Esme said you were going to be working late tonight. I really wish I could have waited for you, but I have to go back in at three in the morning so I had to head home and get some sleep. I love you daddy, and I'm so sorry I can't come home for Christmas again this year. I'll try and come down after Christmas if I can, Merry Christmas daddy I love you." By the time the message ended tears were silently rolling down my cheeks and staining my shirt. This is the second year in a row I won't get to spend Christmas with my daughter, but this is also the third year she has to spend the holidays away from Alistair. I just miss my little girl and it kills me every year that I go home on Christmas Eve and she is not there with the others. Just don't think about it Carlisle and you will be fine. With that thought in my head I gathered my things and locked up for the night before heading to the hospital parking lot and making my way to the Mercedes. It wasn't a long drive to the house, I was lost in thought the whole way anyway so I didn't really take too much notice to the drive itself. By the time I pulled into the garage my face was wet with tears, I whipped my face roughly before getting out of the car and heading into the house to find that everyone was waiting up in the living room. Everyone in their pajamas. I could see that the children already set out the cookies and milk for Santa. I smiled to myself as I shrugged out of my coat and shoes and left everything in the hall closet as I always do. "You all didn't have to wait up on me." I said with a smile as I walked into the living room. "Hey pops!" Emmett greeted with a smile. "Hey son, how is my little Carter hm?" "She's good old man, she was excited to see Bella today. Poor baby cried so hard when she had to leave." My face fell slightly at the mention of my baby girl, but I managed to keep the smile on my face as I went to sit beside my wife. I kissed her on the lips chastely before sitting beside her on the love seat. "And how are Maliyah and Jasmine?" I asked my step son who sat snuggled up on the oversized ottoman with his wife. "They are perfect little angels as always." He said with a very unconvincing smile. Terrible twos are hitting them early. "Don't worry son, it'll get easier." I winked at him, causing him to smile at me genuinely. "What about you girls? How are my daughter in laws?" "We're good Carlisle, thanks." Riley and Rose chorused together with soft smiles on their faces. I then looked to my nephew Jasper and his lovely wife Alice. "And you two?" "We're great Uncle C. Baby is doing good as well." He said while rubbing Alice's stomach. "Good to hear it." "How was work dear? Was it busy tonight?" Esme asked while threading our fingers together. "It wasn't as bad as it usually is this time of year but I was on my feet most of the night. I will be feeling the repercussions tomorrow morning in my lower back." I said with a sour look on my face. "Told you dad, you're getting old." Em said with a smirk as he hugged Rosalie to him. "Yeah, you never let me forget it Emmett." I said with a roll of my eyes, causing the others to laugh slightly. "I sent Bella home with some of the treats we made so hopefully she will have something to snack on tomorrow while she is working." "That was sweet of you love, I'm sure she appreciated it." "Oh yeah she did, she nearly cried when Esme and Alice were loading her arms with Christmas treats to take home. She looked so worn and tired when she got here, I'm surprised she was able to stand." Rose commented looking concerned for my little girl. They were good friends, and for this I was thankful, I'm glad they