Chapter 1 It's An Emergency APOV(Alice) I was sitting on the window seal listening to Esme talk to Edward over the phone. He is now in Rio and he never anniciates the calls, we always do. And we each get a turn at talking to him. But we still listen to what everyone says. We all miss him, but he's hurting right now and wants to be alone. But he isn't the only one hurting right now. And I'm not just talking about all of us. I'm talking about…. her. I haven't been able to say her name or think it. None of us have because it hurts to badly. My family and I are now living in Los Angeles, we don't get out at all because of the sun so we stay in and just…mope. Esme hates seeing us like this, but me especially, because I just cant stop checking up on Bel- her . And every time I see her, she is always hurting. And there is nothing any of us can do because Edward is making us stay away. "Edward, why wont you come and see us? You don't have to stay long, but we all miss you terribly." " I told you Esme, I just want to be alone right now. Look I need to go, I love you. Bye." "Alright Edward. I love you sweetheart. Bye." I heard Esme say as she ended the call and sat the phone down onto the kitchen counter before sitting down at the unused kitchen table. I stood quickly and glided over to the table to sit with her. I put my hand over hers as she looked up at me with tears in her eyes that cant spill over. I smiled at her sympathetically, feeling her pain. "We all miss the both of them. It'll take a while." I whispered as she smiled a tight smile as her dark eyes looked back down at the table. She sniffled sadly before squeezing my hand as everyone came into the kitchen. Emmett and Rosalie sat at the table and Jasper stood behind me as Carlisle did the same with Esme as she looked up at me. Her beautiful heart shaped face was twisted in agony as she searched my eyes hoping I would start having a vision of our darling girl we left behind. I closed my eyes tightly and searched hard for her. Once I was pulled into the vision my eyes flashed open and I was seeing myself there as always. We were in Wet Seal inside of the mall. Bella was sitting on one of the white plush seats in front of the dressing rooms looking down at her phone. She was wearing a black fedora with a bow on it, a multi colored two pocket plaid top with the sleeves rolled up to her elbows, a pair of light wash skinny jeans with tears all down the front of them, and a pair of black converse high tops. I could see she was wearing a brace knuckle necklace that had hearts for the finger wholes and pink rhinestones on it. Her black bag was sitting at her feet as she talked to someone behind the changing room. " Lizzie, your being ridiculous. I'm fine alright? You don't have to try and cheer me up here okay?" The curtain to the changing room opened up to a beautiful blonde with amazing dark avocado green eyes and the most beautiful curls rolling down to her lower back. She walked over to the mirror beside Bella with such grace that it put all vampires to shame. She was the pure definition of beautiful, which will piss Rose off. She had curves in all the right places, she was perfectly tanned and very tall. Maybe 6'1'. She was wearing a pair of white skinny jeans that hugged her legs snuggly and made them look amazing. She was wearing blue peep toe heels and a blue two strap halter top with a pair of teal sunglasses perched on top of her head. She looked at herself in the mirror with adoration. But it wasn't in a self-centered way what-so-ever. She looked annoyed at what Bella had said as she began to talk as she looked at herself from all angles in the outfit. " Look Bella. I came here because I care about you a lot. And once I heard what happened when Charlie called I rushed here as soon as possible. I love you dearly and I don't like seeing you like this alright? I'm here for you, I want to make you feel better. Even if I'm unable to the that completely I want to try and make the damn effort to. Look, there are several choices here," " one you could move on from this, and I'll support you and be here for you. Two you could just forget the whole thing-which wont be easy-but I'll be here to support you. Three you stay like you are now, and I'll still support you. Plus there is always the other option, and you know what that is. And Bells, if that's what you chose," The blonde paused while sitting beside Bella and putting her arm around her. Bella looked up at her with her pretty brown eyes and it almost broke my heart. " I'll still support you if that is what you chose Bella. I'll stay by your side and I wont leave until it's over or until you ask me to leave. But you don't need to give me and answer just yet alright? You can think about it, give me the answer in the morning or later tonight, or whenever you decide alright?" She asked while shaking her a little. Bella smiled tightly before looking up into the strangely familiar blonde Australians green eyes and nodded her head, still not saying a word. " Alright then it's settled! Now get your ass up and go try on that sexy outfit I pulled for you! We have a party to get ready for tonight! Move it girly!" The blonde said loudly while clapping at her to get to moving. Bella sighed and rolled her eyes before standing and going into the same dressing room the blonde had just come from. I was then pulled from the vision with a snap as it ended. I looked around at the faces of my family as they all looked at me expectantly. I sighed while sitting back in my chair as Jasper put his hands on my shoulders. "Well? What did you see Ali?" Esme asked softly and worriedly at the look on my face. I gave her a reassuring smile before looking at Carlisle who was looking at me curiously. "I saw Bella and some amazingly beautiful blonde at the mall. She looked so familiar but I just couldn't place her." I said softly as everyone looked at me carefully. "What did she look like Alice?" Carlisle asked. I looked down at the table as Esme took my hand. "She had tanned skin, perfect figure, beautiful blonde curly hair that went to her lower back. Amazing dark avocado eyes. She was tall and she had a heavy Australian accent." "I know who she is. I'm disappointed that you don't. That was Lizzie Turner." Realization struck me as I smiled, knowing Bella was in good hands there. "Well looks like Bella is in good hands then. Especially with how she was telling her how much she cared about her and wanted to make her feel better. Apparently their going to a part tonight because they were trying stuff on when I got the vision." Everyone looked even sadder than the day we left Forks….and Bella. Esme sighed lightly and everyone looked up at her. "Well, at least Bella has someone she can depend on while we are gone. If you'll excuse me, I'm in need of some food. Carlisle? Will you care to join me?" she said softly while looking up to her husband. He smiled at her softly and nodded. When they slipped from the house it was horribly silent. I hate the silence that always falls on our family now a days. I huffed loudly and reached for my cell to call Edward. I didn't talk to him when everyone else had. I refused when Jasper offered the phone to me. Now seems like a good time to call. I slipped from the room and headed up to the top floor and sat at the window seat in the library. It rang for a little while before Edward finally answered. "Thought you didn't want to talk to me Alice?" his usually silky voice was missing as it was replaced with this rough scratchy one. "I didn't at the time. But now I do. If that's okay with you." I said softly, sadly. He noticed and sighed in understanding. "Of course it is Ali. I always want to hear from you. How are you holding up sweetie?" he asked nicely, truly intrigued with the answer. "I'm fine. It doesn't help that I keep getting visions of Bel- her. But you know I cant help it, I've become so accustomed to seeing her I cant help but see her future." I explained quickly before he could get angry with me. He told me not to watch her, for none of us to get involved with her at all. And it's kind of hard for me, with everyone wanting to know how she is and I cant help it when a random vision comes into my mind, I cant stop it because I've become accustomed to her and it's hard to make that go away. I heard Edward let out a breath after a few minutes. I can see him with his eyes closed and his fingers pinching the bridge of his nose. "I know it's hard for you Alice. But you have to try. Please. That's all I really asked of you, I love Bella with all my heart, that's why I left. So that she will be safe. I know that none of you really wan-" His words began to fade from my hearing as a vision began to come upon me. I was standing in an unfamiliar room with green walls a plush white couch on the wall beside me, balcony doors a big white bed adorned in the middle of the room, a fuzzy rug in the middle of the room a green bean bag chair atop it facing a entertainment center with everything from electronics to movies. I looked around the room and saw the white wooden door fling open from across the balcony doors where I stood. The blonde girl named Lizzie was rushing in with someone in her arms as two handsome men came in behind her. One was just an inch in a half taller than Emmett, 6'5'½, a bigger build and brown hair that was styled perfectly. His eyes were golden and fixated on the girl in Lizzie's arm. The second boy was maybe Jasper's height at 6'0'. he had blonde hair that was spiked in the front and gold eyes as well, they were fixated on the girl as well. He was a bit smaller than the man that stood at the edge of the bed as Lizzie laid the girl down on the bed and smoothed her hair out. There was a faint sound of moaning and sobs coming through the room as they stood around the bed blocking my view of the girl I wondered shamelessly who it was and I stepped closer to find out. I was almost to the end of the bed when a gut renching scream spilled from the girls lips as all three of them cringed and tears fell from Lizzie's face as the girl thrashed around uselessly on the bed, sweating and screaming, groaning and everything in between. Once I was at the