Things were so different now, he was my best friend-I mean he was my best friend-and now all of that has changed. We used to be inseparable, attached at the hip our friends and parents would say. But all of that has changed now. It's funny how only one summer can change your life, probably forever too. It was always just Bella and Alistair, now it's Bella without Alistair, and Alistair with Kallie. I want to hate her, I want to hate him but I love him too much. I would hate her, but sadly I am incapable of hating anyone at all. Why does this have to suck so badly? "What's a matter baby girl? Missing lover boy?" "Shut up Edward." I muttered annoyed. Edward is my gay friend, I met him in my intro to English lit class freshman year, well actually I met him in Alistair's dorm room unofficially but that is a long story. "Well I don't blame you. She is a bitch." "You're preaching to the choir." I grumbled irritably as I watched in envy as she sat on his lap, smiling and garnering his full attention. I dislike her so very much, our relationship was indestructible-or so we thought-he promised me that nothing would change, that she was okay with our relationship which turned out to be a crock. "Mm, mm, look at that cutie. Oh! And he is coming this way, he has his sights on you Bells!" Edward said loudly, shaking me slightly, making Alistair look over from his spot on his blanket. For the first time in two months he paid me more attention than Kallie, he looked in our direction with sudden curiosity and protectiveness. Well at least I know he will always be protective no matter how much our relationship changes. I looked in the direction that Edward was and saw the one and only Kyle Cudrow, one of the hottest guys in my Psych class. He was walking toward me with a big smile on his face, he was shirtless as he had just been in the ocean so his tan skin was glistening with ocean water, his blonde hair damp and hanging in his dark blue eyes. "Hey Bella." "Hey Kyle." "Well I'm gonna go. Later Bells." "Bye Eddie." We blew each other a kiss before he stood up and walked down the beach toward Alistair and Kallie, oh boy. I turned away from him and Alistair's burning gaze to see Kyle standing over me with a bright smile. "Wanna sit?" I asked politely, gesturing to the open spot beside me on the blanket. "Nah I don't wanna get your towel wet I know he will be back as soon as I go." He said with a slight chuckle before squatting down in front of me. "Sounds reasonable. So, what's up? Having a good day on the beach?" I asked with a flirtatious smile as I leaned back on my elbows. His appreciative look at my bikini clad body did not escape me, I just chose not to call him on it and smiled even wider when he regained his composure. He cleared his throat once before he spoke again. "I, uh, was wondering if you wanted to go to a party with me tonight." "A party huh? Where?" Finally. A distraction. His smile seemed to widen, if that were possible. "It's a friend on mine's party. Pick you up?" "What time?" "Be at your door at nine sharp." "Can't wait." "Me either." He stood up with a wink before turning and walking off to his friends who were cheering him on. I rolled my eyes and laid back on the blanket and waited for Edward or Alistair to come over. And believe me, I didn't have to wait long before my sun was blocked by a hovering Alistair staring at me with fire in his eyes. I sighed heavily before lowering my glasses so he could see my eyes over the rim. "You're blocking my sun." "What did Kyle want?" not even a hello. "Why do you care?" I asked irritably while sitting up once again. "Because I am your best friend and I know guys like him, he is bad news Bells." I scoffed, standing so I was looking at him directly, I was able to see the rage full force now and it really made me mad. Because really? He hasn't talked to me at all really in the last few weeks and all of a sudden he thinks he can act like this? I don't think so. "For real? Don't even Alistair, you can't come over here acting all protective after weeks of shutting me out." "ME?! You are the one shutting me out Bells!" "Oh yeah? When was the last time we actually talked Al? You have been so far up Kallie's ass and her up yours that I haven't even been able to get two words to you. She is not okay with our relationship in the slightest I know that for a fact. She is trying her dammedest to make sure we stay apart so she can have you to herself and I am sick of it. I want my best friend back!" I yelled at him angrily before turning away and storming down the beach, ignoring him as he called my name. I didn't even realize that the tears were falling until I reached the rocks and collapsed onto one of the smoother ones, almost falling in and onto the sharper rocks but I was able to catch my balance before doing so. What happened to us? We were so close before. I don't understand. I can't breathe and my chest hurts, why is everything so fucked? ~NA~ "Bells," A nudge to the back. Please go away. "Bella." Another nudge to the side. Leave. "Hey," Oh my gosh who let him in here? "I know you hear me Swan get your ass up before I jump on you." "You. Wouldn't." I gritted through clenched teeth, not even bothering to open my eyes to know he had a wicked smirk on his face. "Wanna bet?" he challenged. "No." I growled while throwing the covers off and sitting up so I was sitting face to stomach with my annoying best friend. "What time is it?" I asked while rubbing my eyes and stretching out. "Ten." "Ugh! I'm going back to bed!" "No you are not!" he nearly yelled, grabbing me in his arms and throwing me over his shoulder. "Alistair!" "Bella!" "Put me down!" "Nope, you are coming with me baby girl!" "Ugh! I hate you!" "I love you too baby." ~NA~ I didn't even look up when I heard him approach, I just kept looking out to the ocean and dwelled on the memory. That was the day we went to that party after a dance and got wasted as we would always do right before spring break. That was one of my favorite memories, I would always stay at his place and he would stay at mine, our parents didn't care they loved the both of us too much to set rules like that. "Bell, I'm sorry. Everything is so messed up and I never meant for this to happen." Al said glumly as he sat down beside me. "Then why did it?" I sniffed not even caring that he followed me, because truthfully I wanted him too. He always used too, and this is the first time in a long time he actually followed me. "I don't know baby, but I want things to be like they were. You know I remember all the fun we had, it's truly hard to forget and I would never want to give any of it up. I love you too damn much Bells. Hey, you remember that party after graduation?" "Oh god, out of everything that had to have been the stupidest we have ever been." "But we did have fun." "Yeah, we did huh?" "I think senior year was our absolute best year don't you think so?" "It was, but I enjoyed the first year we met more." "Why? I was a total loser and you were like the hottest girl in school. That's a pretty painful memory for me if I do say so myself." "And how was it so painful? You got your first kiss by the hottest girl in school remember?" A big goofy smile spread across his face instantly at my words, Al wasn't a loser when we met he was just the new super smart and shy kid that everyone liked to pick on. Especially my brother Emmett and his football buddies. I just so happened to be the first person they chose for him to do the deed with. "It was the best kiss of my life if I do say so myself." We both laughed as we remembered that day in full clarity. ~NA~ Today has been the worst day of my life, first I was late to school because Emmett left without waking me up and my alarm didn't go off. So I missed first period, then I got in trouble in third because some loser was talking to me, I didn't do anything and yet I was the one to blame? Ugh. And then I got held after third period making me late for lunch because my teacher wanted to talk to me about my absences and I have only missed her class one time. Today sucks. Hopefully I can find Alistair or Rosalie and get the notes from first. Alistair is my better choice considering he takes the best notes out of anyone in this school, besides me of course which is why we always swap notes when one of us misses. Which is usually me but there was one time he missed. Alistair is new this year and he is so sweet and cute. He is tall, a bit lanky, and super smart but he is also really shy so a lot of people pick on him. I feel bad for him because he doesn't deserve that, he is a really great guy and I love talking to him whenever I can actually get him to talk to me. I had just made it into the quad, where a lot of people came to sit outside on nice days like today and eat and hang out during lunches, when I heard the laughter of my brother and his friends. I looked in their direction to see they were looking between me and Alistair whose face was scarlet as he looked down at the picnic table he was sitting at all alone. "Oh Ali boy good luck getting this one!" Emmett's friend John yelled before turning back to his table to laugh with his friends. I glared at my brother and his friends as I made my way over to Alistair's table and sat down on his right, slightly startling him in the process. "Hey Bella." "Hey, what are they bothering you about?" I asked bluntly, deciding not to beat around the bush. "Um, it's nothing." "Alistair, tell me, now." I said sternly, giving him a serious look which in turn caused him to sigh deeply. "They were bugging me about kissing a girl. They kept teasing me about my first kiss and I wouldn't say anything and they kept saying I never kissed anyone and they bet that I wouldn't kiss anyone. Then your brother dared me to kiss you because you are the only girl around here that talks to me, he was teasing me saying that I had a crush on you because you were nice to me." "I see." He was avoiding my gaze, looking at anything he possibly could. "Alistair, look at me." He looked up reluctantly and I could see the worry and anxiety in his eyes. I am going to kill my brother. "Have you ever kissed a girl?" I asked quietly so