I don't own Percy Jackson or the Dovahzul Oh, by the way, now there's a poll on my profile page asking who should Perseus support, Himself, The Gods or the Titans/Gigantes, take your pick people. All of the Olympians faces went as pale as porcelain as they heard the news from the trembling daughter of Athena in front of them. The Olympians had been awaiting his return for centuries, the eldest and most powerful son of Kronos and Rhea, the outcast, the one who had a deep hatred for all Olympians for his banishment. The god who was so Powerful that he made the big three look as if they were mere toddlers. "W-What happened a-at Westover?" Zeus asked the trembling daughter of Athena. Annabeth took a deep breath and retold what she, Thalia and Kyle had all seen at Westover Hall in attempt to extract two possible demigods who had a strong aura according to Grover. Then he had arrived. Dat Flashback Though Thalia, Annabeth and Kyle were all running down the dark halls of Westover Hall in attempts to find the absent di Angelo twins and escort them to Camp Half-Blood. Eventually the trio reached the outside of the Military Academy and brandished their weapons, ready for the fight they saw was inevitable in front of them. At least thirty monsters stood in front of them, snarling. The di Angelo twins were in the clutches of the Manticore, Dr. Thorn. He grinned wickedly at the three in front of him. The three demigods let out a Battle Cry as they charged the beasts in front of them. They got off to an admirable start, decimating the first ten monsters with ease, but then they began to get overwhelmed. Then, a flash of darkness appeared and the entire battlefield appeared to grow colder, if that was even possible due the harsh snow falling from the sky. Everyone turned towards the flash, monsters included and what they saw did not disappoint. A man, adorning black as night armor with spikes and a helm that resembled a dragon's head. It looked as if the dragon Alduin had taken a human form. At his side was a Talwar, with a language engraved upon it that was unknown to the demigods and monsters alike. The man stood upon a dragon, tall and proud, it looked much like the fictional dragon Smaug, but was midnight black, just like it's master that was riding it. The man spoke spoke one sentence that had so much authority in it, even the demigods wanted to listen to him. "Bow or burn." There was no question in his sentence either, it was clear that if they did not bow, they would perish. The Manticore's eyes widened as he, and most other monsters, all tensed into a battle form, readying themselves for a fight. However, all of the Hellhounds in said army dropped into a bow then ran into the shadows and disappeared from sight. The man spoke again, this time in a tone that from which the demigods suspected he was slightly ticked. "Bow, Thorn" The Manticore stood and looked fearful of the man in front of him, yet held his ground. "Do you and your servants bow to me?" He asked calmly, but it was clear his patience was running thin at the monsters who would not bow. A sneer made it's way upon the Manticore's face, "We bow to Kronos and Kronos alone you Tyrant." A small, dark, chuckle escaped the man. "Then you shall burn." He stated calmly, "Suldaan, Ag niin kolos nust kriist!" The man shouted and the dragon he was seated upon roared, and a violent blue fire erupted from it's mouth, torching the monsters in front of him as he listened to their screams of agony, which appeared to be music to his ears. The demigods watched the scene in horror with one thought in their minds, 'There goes the di Angelos' When the blaze cleared, there were golden ashes in place of the monsters, yet the two di Angelos stood in place, frozen in fear, yet completely unharmed, looking refreshed even. Also the ground around the frozen twins was apparently untouched, despite being torched, leaving the demigods in a state of awe. The man looked at the demigods astonished looks and chuckled, "Yes, Eclipse Flame burns what it wants to, and leaves the rest untouched. Very nifty, wouldn't you think?" He said as he slid off the dragon and said something in a different tongue, the dragon seemingly nodded and took off. The man took one look at the demigods in front of him and apparently scowled. "I should slay you where you stand for your parentage" he threatened It was now that the arrogant son of Poseidon to speak up (I apologize in advance to anyone named Kyle, it was the first name that came to me) "Who do you think you are! You took away the glory of the kill from me, you will pay for that! And to top it all off, you hide your face from me! Apologize or suffer my fathers wrath you insolent dragon riding mortal!" The boy spat the world mortal as if it was a curse. The man stared at the boy and suddenly, he flashed a very dark black and when it cleared, all of the man's armor was gone, replaced by modern clothes. A dark red beanie covering his midnight black hair. He adorned a grey T-Shirt with no logo upon it, and dark blue jeans. He wore black nike's with grey socks as he scowled at the demigod in front of him. His face made Thalia and Annabeth swoon in awe. He had royal cheekbones, midnight black hair in a faux hawk, and his eyes were a deep mix of black, dark red, grey and midnight blue that made you want to get lost in them*. He was muscular. Not in the disgusting way like Ares was, but healthily fit, yet the demigods knew that he possessed far more strength than he let on. His Talwar was in it's scabbard at his side, and he showed no sign of being cold, despite the fact that it was almost zero outside. Around his wrists, were two black wrist bands that seemed to hum with energy, waiting to be released. He stared down at the son of Poseidon and laughed at him. His laugh booming across the cliffs at the boy's arrogance. The boy thought he was the best in the world, there were many more greater and far more selfless than him, like Perseus, the son of Zeus, and Heracles, another son of Zeus, despite what was told of him, the hero was a great man and always did the right thing, no matter the cost of his own personal happiness. The man found it amusing that those two were so unlike their own father. The Son of Poseidon bristled in anger and drew his blade and quickly brought it down on the man, who, quicker than even the godly eye could see, blocked the strike and disarmed Kyle, leaving him on his back upon the ground. "Suldaan!" The man shouted, and as soon as he did, the dragon dropped from the sky, landing with a thunderous crash, shaking the ground beneath it's feet. The dragon snarled at the boy, causing him to soil himself and scream. The man rolled his eyes and shouted to his dragon in that unfamiliar language, causing the dragon to back off and stand beside it's master. The man flashed a dark black again and he was suddenly covered in his armour, spikes and all. The man cocked his head to the side and apparently listened for a few seconds, completely forgetting about the demigod that tried to kill him, then spoke. "Exit the shadows, Moon Goddess, or I shall slay the three where they stand." He growled. The demigods heard a few choice words from an auburn haired goddess who was glaring holes in the man's head. "What is your name, boy?" the Moon Goddess spat as her hunters filed out of the trees, bows armed and pointed straight at the man, who merely chuckled. The chuckle was not a lighthearted chuckle like most, no, it was a dark laugh, one that promised pain and agony to all who opposed him. Said chuckle made all off the mortals and immortals alike shiver as they heard the man's laugh. "Oh you vain little goddess, believing yourself to be above me, who am I? I am your reckoning, I will bring Olympus to it's knees and get my revenge, just as I promised all those years ago little moon goddess, remember these words, little goddess. I have returned, I shall have my revenge, and the stars will weep at what comes after," Were the words that escaped his mouth before he shouted for Suldaan and he was picked up by his dragon and flew away, leaving trembling, confused demigods, and a horrified goddess of the hunt. Flashback End The gods and goddesses of Olympus were horrified by the story. He really had returned, none of them took his final warning, his promise to laugh as they all burned I shall return, I shall conquer, I will burn your little mountain to the ground and I will assume control of this planet. And the stars shall weep at what comes after. "Lord Zeus," the timid Annabeth said, hoping not to get struck down, "May I ask a question?" She asked fearfully. The King of Olympus merely nodded his head, and gestured for the girl to go on, clearly deep in thought. "Who was that man?" She asked, her pride getting the best of her, as she nearly demanded the identity of the man who nearly struck them down off of their parents from the King of the Gods who could incinerate her with a single thought. Zeus opened his mouth the respond, but was cut off by a booming laughter and all lights in the room going out, and the same dark, sadistic laugh from earlier filled the throne room. When the light came back on, the man was standing at the Entrance of the throne room, Talwar drawn and glaring straight at the gods of Olympus. Beside him were two figures. One of them was man, who looked to be in his early thirties, clad in Stygian Iron battle armor, with a helm that seemed to radiate fear and a sword that felt of death. The second figure was a woman, she looked to be twenty five, in armor that seemed to be made out of fire, and she seemed to radiate hope from within her. In her hands was a short Xiphos and a Shield. "If you must know my dear, my name is Perseus, God of Monsters, Destruction, Chaos, Fear, Death, Famine, War, Conquest, Ghosts and Eclipses. Eldest son of Kronos and Rhea. Pleasure to meet you." He smirked coldly as he looked at the 12 Olympians in front of him. All of the Olympians cowered at the sight in front of them, yet Zeus snapped out of his shock first. "Hades, Hestia, why do you betray us for our brother, who we all agreed was to be BANISHED?!" Zeus started, yelling at the end. He received a glare from both before Hades spoke. "If I recall, you conducted the vote whilst I was unaware in the Underworld, and whilst Hestia was out to get more wood to keep the Hearth alive, because you knew we would both vote for our brother's safety." Zeus growled and readied his Master Bolt to strike all three of them, when Percy rolled his eyes and waved his hand, causing Zeus to begin to shiver uncontrollably and drop the bolt on the floor, then, just as the shivering stopped, leaving all the Olympians and Demigods to stare at him in Terror. "Be quiet you rebellious upstart, be happy that