Chapter One The staircase before me, made up of floating porcelain steps that sparkled in the sunlight, stretched out endlessly before me. There was something at the top, something that I needed to reach, but I couldn't bring myself to take that first step forward. I hated heights. They terrified me. "Come on, Bel. You can make it. Just go up." I drew in a long, shaky breath. I wanted to more but I couldn't. My legs weren't listening. "I...I can't. I can't." I murmured, but something shoved me foreward. I blinked and there I was, halfway between the top and the bottom, immobilized by fear. I felt something catch in my throat. I was so close but not close enough. I couldn't turn back and I couldn't go forward, so I crouched down on the step, feeling it buckle underneath me. I woke up breathing hard, gasping for air, tears streaming down my face. My chest heaved. I shot upright. The room was pitch black. I was drenched in sweat, alone, no sound but that of my own panting filling my ears. I wiped my cheeks with dampened palms, brushed away the stray hairs that were stuck to the back of my neck and worked to slow my pulse. This happened much more often that I would like to admit. I threw the covers back, shivering when my bare feet hit the cold floors. What time was it? I tip toed to the door, peeking out to see if I was alone before stepping into the hallway completely naked. I could hear my mother snoring from behind her bedroom door. There was no sound of the television playing in the family room which meant that Bree must be asleep, too. There was no one to keep me company. I decided I should go back to sleep. But, as usual, I found that I couldn't. I couldn't even bring myself to go back into my bedroom. Instead, I paced up and down the long narrow hallway, huffing through flared nostrils and trying to convince myself that I wasn't having a panic attack. Of course, I was. My therapist (the tired old man that my mother paid to talk to me about these sorts of things) told me to "concentrate on my breathing" when this happened. But how could I concentrate on breathing when there was no air. The apartment felt foreign to me, as it always did in the wee hours of the night, but I ignored that. This was nothing new. It was just the way I was wired. I decided to go to the kitchen, carefully creeping along hoping I wouldn't wake the people I had just been wishing weren't asleep. I opened the refrigerator, then the pantry, then the bread droor, then the refrigerator again. Nothing looked appealing so I settled for potato chips, cream cheese and a luke warm cup of coffee poured from the pot I'd made right before bed. My mother would tell me that my excessie caffein intake was the reason for my insomnia, but we both knew that wasn't it. I was always keyed up. The coffee gave me a nice buzz. If anything, I felt calmer with that big red mug in my hand, savoring the bitter aftertaste as the fluid slid down my throat. I glanced up at the clock on the microwave: 5:30. I decided it wasn't too early to get dressed for class. My biology lecture wasn't until 9:00 but getting ready was something that I could channel my nervous energy into. I smeared a particularly large chip with creamcheese before shoving everything back into the refrigerator, throwing back the last of my coffee and heading back towards my room. I ignored the rumpled bed, probably still warm from all of my body heat, and headed towards my closet. I threw the doors open, taking in row after row (and pile after pile) of gently-loved, uniquely stylish clothing items I had purchansed at either Goodwill or off the clearance rack at Target. Suddenly, I didn't like anything. I could feel that little wrinkle forming in my forehead, reminding me of how Bree was always telling me that my face would "stick that way" if I didn't break the habit. I had a terrible case of resting bitch face, but honestly couldn't bring myself to care enough to make the conscious effort to correct it. I went with the safe choice: a short black dress with small white flowers. It was too big, like most everything in my wardrobe, and I liked it that way. Slipping it over my head, foregoing a bra entirely because who really cared? Not me. The one pair of unripped tights I had managed to presere for the past two month were draped over the desk chair, waiting expectantly for me. I snatched them up, as I did every morning because they were basic and a good and faithful leg covering, and pulled them on. Grabbing my phone off the bedside table, I sighed. It was now 5:38. I put my earing in (all seven of them), flirted with the idea of wearing makeup to class before trying to put my contacts in and realizing too late that this would ruin my mascara. Instead, I wiped my face clean with a washcloth and turned my attention to my hair instead: dark brown and hopelessly knotted. This was my own fault. I had been out of commission with the common cold for the past three days and had foregone any sort of hair brushing. Now, the end had started to tangle into dread-like clumps. Biting my lip, I ripped through them with a comb and, when that didn't really work, I gave up and pulled everything back into a horrendously sloppy bun. If my hair had been longer, I might have liked this. But I'd made the impulse decision of buzzing off most of my hair last Christmas and now, I was stuck somewhere in between short hair and not-so-short hair. Story of my life. I slipped my feet into my moccasins: shoes who had far surpassed their life expectancy and now made an unsettling squeak everytime I applied weight to my right heel. I had decided that this bothered people around me much more than it did me. They were the most comfortable thing I owned. By the time the alarm on my phone went off, I was well on my way into the city, stuck in rush hour traffic because I had left too early. If I'd waited until 8 o'clock, the commute wouldn't have taken me longer than thirty minutes, but I'd been too damn anxious for that. I listened to the gentle thrum of the radio, the engine, the sound of cars whizzing past my open window in the turn lane. Why couldn't I be going wherever they were going? At least then I'd be moving. In all truthfulness, though, I never stopped moving. I never gave myself a chance to breathe. I liked it that way. It was the only way I knew how to be. Ever since I could remember I had been on the move, always planning the next thing. Tomorrow was the most important day of the week and I never intended on wasting it. I lived for tomorrow and my inability to stand still exhausted everyone in my life. Indianapolis was just coming alive when I crossed 38th into central downtown. The busses were making the same stops they made every morning; kids were walking to school; commutors wove in and out of traffic, probably running late to work. I wasn't late but I drove like I was. I had never quite grasped the concept of "slow and steady wins the race." By 8 o'clock, I was parked and my 8:15 I was firmly planted in lecture hall, anxiously awaiting the arrival of anyone else. I sat silently for a long time, munching on a packet of crackers I had picked up and sipping the coffee I had picked up from the Caribou across the street. I took it straight black and, most days, Bree would complain that I smelled like a blue-collar dad. This always made me laugh. My sister was only thirteen, but she was a spunky thirteen. She reminded me of myself and that simultaneously struck me with both pride and terror. It was half past eight when people started filing in, one by one, slowly finding one another and pairing off. I kept my eyes down, pulling out my sketch book and flipping through the pencil drawings-mostly sketches of women with long hair and big eye lashes and boys with rumbled clothes and five o'clock shadows. I liked the idea of people like them, of glamorous ladies with old-hollywood red lips and disheveled artistic types. They seemed romantic, sitting there stoically on my paper. I lost myself in them. "Whatcha drawin'?" someone asked from behind me. I glanced back breifly, catching sight of faded jeans and slender, pale hands. I smiled to myself. "Just...whatever." I didn't see the stranger behind me nod but I could feel it, like you feel someone standing too close to you. But then he was gone. I glanced behind me, then shrugged returning my attention to the new blank page before me. My pencil hovered over the paper. "You like art, huh? I wish I could draw." The voice came from somewhere to my right. I looked up and there he was. For a second, I was too surprised to answer. I didn't know him, but he looked into my eyes like he's talked to me a million times, messy auburn hair falling clumsily over his forehead and obscuring my view. He smiled crookedly at me and I worked to recorver my composure. "Um...I guess. It's just sort of something I do...you know, when I'm bored." He smiled wider. "Busy work, huh?" I nodded. "You mind?" he asked, motioning to the seat beside mine. I shrugged. "No. Go for it." This was our second week of class but I had never seen him before. Then again, there were three-hundred people in lecture and we hadn't had our first lab yet. He plopped down beside me casually, tossing his bag into the next seat and shuffling through it for a notepad and pencil. When he turned back to me, I raised a brow at him in question. "I'm Bella." I offered, considering extending my one of my hands for him to shake but choosing to fold them in my lap instead. He only nodded before directing his attention forward, whispering now because Dr. Mullens had taken his place at the front of the room, shuffling through papers as though we would pay attention to any information presented that wasn't on the power point. "Nice to meet you, Bella." And that was the end of that. We sat there silently, waiting, uncomfortably close. I didn't like it when strangers sat by me. Seats in the lecture hall were crammed tightly together and, every few minutes, one of us would adjust ourseles and brush arms. I held my breath, hoping that someone I knew would get here soon and aleviate my discomfort. Rosalie and Alice were ten minutes late. When they sat on the other side of me, Alice leaned over to whisper in my ear. "Who's he?" she asked, barely audibly. I shrugged, eyes wide, mothing the words no idea before crossing my arms tightly over my chest as Dr. Mullens dove into the evolutionary history of gymnosperms. Great. When the lecture ended, the boy (who never did tell me his name) got up and left without another word. I decided not to read too much into it. I packed up my bag, along with my sketches, and turned to Alice and Rose who were, to be totally honest, taking too damn long to shuffle out of our row. "Could you guys get a move on? I'm hungry." I