Disclaimer: Middle Earth and all its characters, languages and places do not belong to me and I don't earn any money for writing this story. Warning: for graphic depiction of violence and major character death Author's note: Hello everyone! I started this fan fiction more than two years ago, when I was till reading mostly Legomances (nobody's perfect ;)) Since then I moved to other pairings (or no pairing whatsoever) and mostly spend my time in the Silmarillion fandom. But I dislike starting something without finishing it, so here it is. This was one of the way I imagine Legolas could have had someone at some point in the past. Even if I am sure that he could totally find his happily ever after without a soulmate and that romance is not necessarily a life goal, this idea popped into my mind. The title is taken from Florence and the Machine's 'Shake it out'. Everything elvish in this story comes from Real Elvish, Dreamingfifi's website which is an endless mine of information. I don't know if the story is canon compliant. Legolas' age, for instance, has been widely discussed in the fandom, and even if I mostly agree with the fact he must have been born somewhere during the second (or even third) millenium of the Third Age, for the sake of this story I made him born before TA 1050. He has thus known Mirkwood when it was rather safe and still called Greenwood the Great. I don't label this story as an AU, but as it contains original characters, this dimention should be taken into consideration. I also took a few liberty with Legolas' family, adding a few elves. It's less sad this way. Just one last thing, English is not my first language, so I'm sorry for any mistake I left or weird phrasing. I'd gladly have a beta if anyone is up to the challenge :) Let me know what you think with a review, I'm always happy to chat about Tolkien and fandom, my inbox is open. Enjoy oOo Mirkwood, TA 2251 Never the forest has appeared so dark to his eyes, even after the hundreds of years he has spent under its trees. He obviously saw the darkness growing, helplessly witnessed the death of Green Wood the Great and the birth of what other realms now call Mirkwood. He saw the trees becoming sick, their song dulling to a broken whisper full of melancholy and regret for the Elder Days. He saw giant spiders spinning their webs amongst the branches, absorbing the vital energy of the vegetation. He still remembers is father moving their capital northward to protect their people, leaving behind the home he has known as a child. He also saw the packs of orcs getting closer to the caverns they now live in. He grieved the death of too many of his men, led many patrols in the forest to destroy as many of their enemies as possible. And even with all the horrors his eyes have seen, even after all those images of nightmare, never has he seen such a dark night falling over his realm. So dark that even his elven sight has difficulties to distinct the orcs he is slaying. Neither the silver light of Ithil nor the distant glow of the stars can be seen, as if the darkness covers the whole world. Their patrol has yet started as any other. He took several soldiers of the Woodland guard with him, and they departed as the horizon had started to claim the sun, , turning the sky in shades of purple, orange and gold. For many minutes, they scouted the forest with their keen eyes, attentive to each sound, to each shadow. They were on foot, horses would have been to noisy to his liking. They jumped from branch to branch, from tree to tree, as a second part of their group was watching the ground. They moved efficiently, silent as the light wind blowing in the foliage of the forest. Their patrol was supposed to be short as night was coming fast. But night has fully fallen now, and they are still here, in this meadow that has turned into a battle field. This pack of orcs has taken them by surprise, unusually discrete for these foul creatures. They have been cunning, and the elves have soon found themselves outnumbered. He made the risky decision to spare one of his warriors to warn the capital and call for reinforcement. That was long minutes ago. And no reinforcement is in sight. They are running out of time, and he does not know what to do. The chaos of battle surrounds him; the growls of their enemies, the noise of the arrows of his men; the clash of their daggers against the rusted blades of the orcs. The smell of the forest during an autumn downpour disappears under the stench of rottenness coming from their opponents. He has put his bow aside in favor of his twin blades. His daggers are almost an extension of his arms; they fly in the air, defeating every attack aimed at him. They slit throats, cut limbs, pierce hearts in a mortal dance. Orcs have been entering the meadow for several minutes now. Or has it been hours? He cannot tell. He relies on his instincts, his only goal is to survive and protect those he can. This fight is messy, a carnage. There has been no time for neither strategy nor plan, they struggle and slay, because there is nothing else they can do. He knows he is covered in gore; the wound his weapons causes are there to kill on the spot, they send black blood everywhere, staining his clothes, his face and hair and the grass of the meadow, once of a bright green. This is violence on its purest form, the desperate energy of those who want to see the next dawn. It is instinctive, primitiv. Maybe was it this way the first elves who awoke on the shore of Lake Cuiviénen fought against the creatures of Morgoth who came to take them away. Weapons did not exist yet, they must have struggled with wooden sticks, rocks... or their own bare hands. Legolas can only speculate, but the raw strength he puts in this fight feels like an ancient force, when the world knew no sun or moon and the Valar had not yet put an end to the reign of Morgoth on Middle Earth. He feels a shift in the air, as if a temporary lull is coming. He looks around him to assess the damage this fight has caused, and what he sees make his heart sinks. Too many elven bodies are motionless on the ground, either wounded or worse. Legolas also realizes that the number of their ennemies is diminishing all but slowly. Too slowly. They seem to have the upper hand now though, it is only a matter of minutes. They have to resist, to keep fighting, the end is coming. Just a few more minutes... He is startled back to the chaos around him when a cry resounds in the air. This cry makes is body stiffen, hurts his ears and pierces is heart. It is a cry full of agony, of anger, dismay and pain. A female cry that he recognizes instantly. And for an instant, the world stops spinning. oOo Greenwood the Great, TA 1045 The forest was almost silent as he stood here, on the branch of an oak tree. All his senses were focused on his surrounding; he heard the Forest River farther eastward and the singing of the birds, smelt the spring flowers growing in a little meadow nearby, felt the rays of the sun on his face. But the most attentive of his senses was his sight. His keen blue eyes were focused on its target, dozens of yards from his standing point. He saw nothing than this apple, attached to the branch of a tree by a thin string, dangling in the light wind. His cousin Gwaerenor had been clear: he would have the right to eat this apple — and the rest of the fruits they had picked up, raspberries and blackberries amongst them – only if he managed to hit the target from this tree. And Legolas loved blackberries. Very much. So he had to reach the apple, it was the most important thing in his young mind at the moment. He slowly bended is bow and knocked an arrow to the string, narrowing his eyes to get a better view. His body was stiff with concentration, its only movement was his hair fluttering in the wind. He could see the apple clearly now, he could predict where it would be next, the time his arrow would take to reach it. He was ready to release his arrow... It was almost time... And suddenly, something hit the branch on which Legolas was crouched down. In his surprise, he released is arrow and lost his grip on his bow, almost falling from his perch. He managed to grab the branch at the last second, hanging in the air by only one arm. Everything happened in the blink of an eye, and the young ellon had hardly the time to comprehend what just occurred when he heard someone laughing just above him. He looked up at the source of this laugh and found himself staring at a brunette elleth. Not an elfling anymore, but not yet an adult. She was looking smug and her gray eyes were filled with restrained mirth. Legolas's jaw clenched. He should have seen it coming. He had been to focused on his target and had thus forgotten one of the most important lessons his fencing master had taught him: always being aware of his surrounding. He had not been, and he had let this elleth sneak up on him. His dismay turned into frustration and annoyance when he saw the young elleth bending her own bow to shoot an arrow. It soon reached the apple that he was aiming at, and she flashed him a self-satisfied smirk that made Legolas blood boil. She laughed again before coming down from the tree. The prince watched her, trying to keep his composure. He soon followed her, his feet landing on the ground only few seconds later. He took a look around in order to find the arrow he had released in his surprise, but it seemed to be lost. He grimaced, his archery instructor would not be pleased when he would learn that... Legolas then heard footsteps approaching and turned around to see who it may be. He spotted the brunette elleth who had stolen his basket of blackberries on his right and found the source of the footsteps, those of two other ellyn coming their way. They were Gwaerenor, Legolas's cousin and Ferdir, one of their best friends. The later was caring a basket of fruits and was looking from Legolas to the elleth; he looked like he did not know which of them should get the reward. As for Gwaerenor, he also looked at the two young archers, an eyebrow raised in suspicion. «It seems that you have lost our bet, cousin,» he said to Legolas matter-of-factly. «I had not hear her coming,» the prince poorly defended himself. «That is not really my problem, but yours,» Gwaerenor took the basket of berries from Ferdir's hands and, to his cousin's utter frustration, he turned to the young elleth. «I believe this reward is yours, my lady,» he added courteously, holding the so-called reward out to her. «You are very generous, my lord,» she nodded, accepting the present. «I do not know if I am deserving of such a gift.» «You certainly are. Agorel vê, heryn vill ,» Gwaerenor exaggeratedly praised her. « Ant lîn vîr mi 'ûr nîn. Le fêl, hîr vuin. » «I hope you are not too offended by this