A/n Hey Everyone "Peeta you stalker" here. This is my first fanfic so reviews and feedback are greatly appreciated. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games it all belongs to the wonderful Suzanne Collins. I don't own any songs or places in here either. Katniss's POV " hurry up Katniss were gonna miss the start" prim calls skipping ahead of all of us. Gale, Rory, are coming over to watch the twilight Marathon with prim and I. We had gone out and brought tone of candy and stuff for today. We arrive home and the house is empty. Mum and dad must still be at work. I lay on the couch with Prim and Gale Rory is on the floor in front of Gale. We all pig out on popcorn, chips and other crap that Gale and Rory had brought over along with the stuff Prim and i had channel had decided since the final movie will be coming out tonight, Breaking Dawn part 2 they world have a marathon. Gale, Prim , her boyfriend Rory who just happens to be my bestfriends brother, Are all going to the release with me at 12 tonight. Prim has been looking forward to this for months. She is a huge fan of Robert Patterson. I on the other hand couldn't care less. I remember when Prim first found the movie. -Flashback- " KATNISS YOU HAVE GOT TO TAKE ME TO THAT MOVIE" Prim yells bouncing up and down. We have just come out of the Cinema from seeing Harry potter and she had seen the trailer for this new movie about vampires. She skips down the wide corridors to the massive poster of Robert Pattinson. " Wow he is hot" she squeals. " Prim your only 10 should you really be hitting on guys that old.?" I question her. She is a bundle of joy sometimes. Too much energy. after the first movie- " OMG Were gonna see that again right katniss, he is so good at the vampire and Taylor laughtner was the hottest ware wolf." Prim squeals. -at home- " I'm not afraid of you" I sit and stare at prim reciting lines from the movie. To be honest she is an excellent actress. She would go far. " Katniss I wanna become an actress." She says serious. "Ohh sure ill just ring a movie theater and say you want to play a character" I say sarcastically. "Im serious katniss" " Sure" I roll my eyes. She always wants to do something new, mum has changed her from so many hobbies, ice skating, painting, and way more. Prim sighed and then grabbed the ketchup bottle and squeezed it all on top of me. " that's it your gonna pay," I yelled grabbing a cream muffin and throwing it at her. -End of flashback- Well that ended in a food fight. "KATNISS, PRIM WERE HOME," I can hear the door open and close quick. It's mother and father. They know we have Gale and Rory over, they're like their sons they never had. " Hey mum, " I say as she comes in and offers us more food. None of us take any cause were all so stuffed full of junk food. Prim rolls around holding her stomach cause she is so full. " Are you going out tonight? " mum asks. " I'm taking everyone to the new twilight movie" I say as prim leans on me and shoves a finger in my ear to get my attention. " It's now 'The new Twilight Movie' it's Breaking Dawn Part 2, get it right " " PRIM GET OFF ME" She is such a pest sometimes and she knows it. Sometime I think she does it just to piss me off. Is it really that fun pissing me off? Don't answer that. I do love prim but she can be so annoying. " Shut up Katniss, the next movie is starting breaking dawn part 1" Gale exclaims jumping onto the couch and putting his feet on top of Rory's head. " What ever Gale, we've seen these movies a thousand times anyway so what's the point" I argue as gale get bashed up by Rory for using his head as a foot rest. " Just change her already Edward, change her into a blood sucking monster" Gale yells at the tv. Rory slaps Gale " No, she should be with Jacob she doesn't have to change then." Boys. I roll my eyes at them and they watch again. The final credits roll and I jump up to turn the light on. Its 11:45 and Gale Rory and Prim are all asleep. " WAKE UP" I shout as I flicker the light switch. Gale jumps up doing one of those fake terrible karate kicks. " IM UP" he yells What's up with him, he is always this wired though, so no surprise there. " Gale was having a good fantasy dream making out with his imaginary girlfriend. Oh what was her name again, Madge, that's a pretty name for someone made up.." Rory mocks. Gale had apparently met a girl at a movie and Rory seems to think he is lying. I don't know what to think really, I just go with it since he is my best friend so I guess I should trust him. -Flash back- I see Gale standing on the side walk as I drive along waiting to pick him up. " Why are you so happy" I ask as he jumps into the car. He sighs and smiles" her name was Madge" " oh and you really expect me to believe she isn't some made up fantasy girlfriend" Gale just death stares and then goes back to daydreaming about this girl. " she gave me her number see" he holds up a piece of paper. " see, she is real" I shrug and ignore him. -End flash- " We've gotta go, the movie starts in 15 mins and we've still gotta buy tickets" I say. I grab my keys and my coat. Prim and Rory run upstairs to grab theirs, Gale already has his on. He looks pretty tired and I wouldn't be surprised if he fell asleep during the movie. Prim and Rory return and we all leave. " DON'T STAY OUT TOO LATE KATNISS, AND IT'S SNOWING SO BE CARFUL" I vaguely hear Mum yell from the kitchen. I ignore her and we all climb into my old broken truck. " Yay Thanks Kitty kat for taking all us" Prim says sweetly. She can be annoying but I would never want anything to happen to her after all she is my sister. The truck has gotten rusty thanks to all the snow. I really do need a new truck. I got this one for my 14th birthday and have had it for ever. I learned how to drive when I was 14 my dad took me out to a hidden forest so I could drive there. I would look forward to it ever Saturday. The forest is a beautiful place it had a beautiful crystal clear lake and a dirt road where I could practice on. -Flashback- " Katniss, Prim jump in its fine" " Daddy it's too cold " Prim sulked as she dipped the tip of her toe into the freezing cold water. " eekk, see told you it's to col..." Push.. Spash. " hahahhaahah " I laughed so hard but Prim just scowled and jumped at me pulling me in as well. -End flashback- " We're gonna be late" prim says jumping up and down on her seat. " Katniss slow down, the snow causes the brakes not to wor..." I slam the breaks on and the truck comes to a screaming stop but unfortunately not in time. The massive truck crashes into out car Smack. -Blackout- Beep beep beep beep beep... The machines are annoying me but I can't seem to wake enough to open my eyes. Where am I? -Black out- I can't hear people talking that sounds like my mother and father are they crying?! Wake me up please what's wrong. I continues to struggle to wake up but nothing happens. -Black out- I gradually open my eyes and everything is blurred. My eyes adjust to the steady flow of light beaming into the window and I look around the room. Next to me is My mother father and in another bed is my Sister. I immediately jump up and pull all the cords and thing out of my arm and rush over to her. Her eyes flutter open weakly and she slowly whispers. " I Love you Katniss" she slowly fades and then the monitor thats once was beeping subsides to just one long beeeeeeeppp. " PRIM, PRIM" I shake her and yell as the doctors come in. Both my parents are crying and are collapsed onto the floor holding each other. The doctors try to push me away from prim but I resist and scream and shout and thrash around crying. " I love you too prim , PLEASE WAKE UP." I didn't notice that another doctor behind me stabbed me with a purple liquid substance. I was out cold. I wake up back on my hospital bed with a sore arm. I can't remember really what happened but vaguely remember being jabbed. My mother and father are sitting next to me. Father has puffy eyes and bags under his eyes. He has been crying. Something's wrong, he never cries. I sit up and my mother looks at me but not with sympathy but with an expression Iv never seen from her anger hate and sadness. My mother gets up and Charges towards me. I wriggle away and almost fall of the edge of the bed. My throat goes dry and I defiantly know something's wrong. My mother is stopped by my father holding her with her arms around behind her tight in his hands as she attempts to go for my throat. " YOU DID THIS, YOU KILLED HER. YOU BASTARD, SHE IS FUCKING DEAD NOW AND IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT , I WILL NEVER SEE HER AGAIN YOU HEAR ME AGAIN." Mother is crying now and so is father. She has collapsed to the ground and is crying hard. Her words are like daggers that have been stabbed into my heart but its worst, it hits me who she is talking about. " PRIM" I choke out, just noticing that I have tears streaming down my face. Before my mother could shout at me again the doctor walks in, My mother storms out with my father chasing after her. I begin to speak again but my voice doesn't even sound like my own. " Whats wrong with prim?, is she..." The doctor cuts me off and looks down to his feet. " miss, s- she " IS SHE DEAD?" I yell. Now angry. " Miss Everdeen, " he begins. " your sister..." He pauses for the longest time. Tears are now streaming down my face knowing that she most defiantly... " passed" he looks down and I cry so hard feeling though my world has just crumbled. I plant my face in my lap and cry even more. I feel like my hair is being ripped out. I cry and cry but no matter what the pain doesn't go away. Is this some sick joke it has to be. My poor little duck can't be dead, she just can't. I look up from my lap and the doctor is about to leave." The other boys in the car" I sob. " Mr Rory Hawthorne is in a coma but will live, but Mr Gale Hawthorne has suffered major brain damage and has been take to another hospital to help fix him up" " I'll give you some time" the doctor says as he leaves the room. Why did this happen to me? Why did this