Well, I've been gone for ages and so I really hope that everyone enjoys my little foray back into writing. This can be found on ao3 and possibly Tumblr? If I get around to it? Under the same name. Sugar and Spice and Everything Nice Percy would like to say that it was the result of some sort of fight, wherein he went down heroically, cursing the villain of the day to Hades with a few well-chosen Greek cuss words, a jet stream of water and a slap on the wrists. Unfortunately, that's never how things go when your name is Perseus Jackson and your dad is infinitely more influential than… Nelson Mandela and substantially more powerful than a grenade launcher. Actually, that's an understatement, but Percy's got a knack for making stuff sound less crazy than it actually is. He remembers a time back at Yancy Academy when he'd summed up years' worth of war between gods and Titans in one measly little sentence. (Actually, it had been a pretty accurate summarising sentence but Mr Brunner - Chiron, whatever - had looked slightly bemused anyway.) In actual fact, Percy had woken up with boobs. He has breasts . Tits, as Travis later refers to them as he stares wistfully into Percy's cleavage. That's how Percy wakes up in the morning. With Boobs and A Vagina and a concerning lack of a dick. Also, his hair is super long. It's curled immaculately like a cascading black waterfall down his shoulders and all the way to the small of his back. It's probably a nod to the place where his Achilles heel used to be, to be totally honest. Fate likes to laugh at him like that, mostly. Percy realises he'd like to say a lot of things. He'd like to say that he turned female through a heroic battle. He'd like to say he's a normal guy. He'd also like to say that he took his new found feminine-ness quite well (he didn't). What actually happened was a mixture between screaming and honking like some sort of dying donkey. Percy had woken up, and felt his Boobs and lack of a dick and incredibly long hair, and had just thought "I really shouldn't be fucking surprised, really" (like, his dad was the god of the seas and his girlfriend's mum had threatened to turn him into a pile of ash, with a spear in her hand and a war helmet under her other arm). And then he'd screamed. It had taken Annabeth like, two seconds to get to his cabin. Maybe she wanted to protect him, or maybe she was just jealous because his scream was far too feminine and she'd been under the impression that there was a girl in his bed. He's not really sure why she'd think that at all, but she gets needlessly worried about these sorts of things. "Who the Hades are you?" Annabeth says when she storms in, hair wild and (shit, she's still the most beautiful person he's ever seen in his life - Percy's feminine brain and feminine hormones have not dampened his attraction to her at all ) furious grey eyes glaring. "Hi," says Percy. He realises that this looks bad. He's in his bed wearing his shirt and track pants (he'd chosen to wear a shirt and pants last night instead of his usual boxers, how lucky is that? It's like his subconscious had registered the impending disaster and decided to take precautions) and to Annabeth it must look like some random girl in her boyfriend's bed wearing her boyfriend's shirt. "I'm Percy Jackson, female son of Poseidon. Please send help." Annabeth blinks. Stares at him for a long moment (seriously, it's a lo-ong moment - Percy fidgets awkwardly). Then she turns around and tells a child of Hecate to get in here before she destroys them with paper cuts. What a threat - paper cuts are fucking terrifying. "How did you manage this?" Annabeth doesn't actually look surprised, to her credit. But her eyes are less furious and more worried, searching. "Um," says Percy, intelligently. "I went to bed. Woke up." "Right," says Annabeth. A daughter of Hecate appears at her shoulder, her pink curls standing out like some sort of search and rescue beacon (Percy feels like sticking his hand in the air and waving, 'yes! Here I am!'). "I'm starting to think your cabin is cursed." Percy manages to look actually guilty even though he fully blames Hera for everything. Seriously, that woman has it in for him. She's a psychotic menace with a shit ton of cows that like shitting in people's walkways and also on their tomato plants (ask Annabeth). She also likes to take the memories of poor, unsuspecting demigod boys and sending them to possibly hostile camps full of people who are good at using sharp, pointy things as weapons of mass destruction (ask Jason - not fun). Also, her husband cheats on her constantly while she can't even retaliate because she's the goddess of marriage - therefore she can't get revenge. Must be a hard life. Somehow, Percy can't actually find it within himself to feel sorry for her. Instead, he feels kind of like he did when he found out about Octavian's ridiculous end. You deserve that, bro - mixed with a healthy dose of 'fuck you'. Anyway, the daughter of Hecate at Annabeth's shoulder is about Percy's age of seventeen, a couple of inches shorter than Annabeth and bouncing on the toes of her feet like she's high on jellybeans. She's dressed in a bubble gum pink jeans and a white knit cardigan, despite it being scorching hot outside and more than slightly heat-stroke inducing. Her lips are painted bright blue, and her smile is so mischievous that Percy only scowls furiously at it. "Yay!" she crows. "It worked." Annabeth spins around so fast Percy worries she might have whiplash. "What?" The daughter of Hecate shrugs. "Science experiment. Should wear off by tomorrow morning, if not sooner." Which would be ok if Percy wasn't suddenly terrified of peeing. Out of his vagina. Can he make that any clearer? He frowns. "It better," he says furtively. "And when it does, I'm growing a beard." He's not sure why. Probably to reassure himself of his own masculinity. "No you're not," Annabeth tells him sternly. "No I'm not," Percy agrees, because he daren't disagree with Annabeth. Then, he turns his gaze on the daughter of Hecate and arches one eyebrow, attempting to fold his arms over his chest and then thinking better of it when his breasts get in the way. Percy can only hope that his sea-green gaze is as dangerously terrifying in this new feminine form as he knows it has always been. "Why the Hades did you think this was a good idea?" The Hecate kid shrugs again. She's beginning to look a little like a deformed bobble-head doll at this point, and Percy just wants to shake her – or stick her on the dash of his car. Either way, he's furious at her and all of her good for nothing, magical siblings. Which reminds him; as a daughter of the magic goddess, what the hell is she doing conducting a science experiment, as she'd dubbed it? Actually, Percy doesn't want to know. "Tamsen," Annabeth says slowly, the word drawn out in that slow way of hers that means she's two seconds from defenestrating someone. "What the Hades?" Which, Percy has to give her kudos for the eloquence of that statement, really (he's kidding – could Annabeth have been anymore vague?). The Hecate kid, Tamsen, runs a hand through her hair which is held in place with so much hairspray (or magic, Percy supposes) that it simply bounces back in place. She shuffles on her feet and kicks a stray, fallen leaf through the front door of Percy's cabin. He scowls, because his cabin is messy enough as it is, thank you very much. "There was actually a reason," Tamsen says slowly. She looks like she's debating on whether to raise her arms up in surrender because they're twitching weirdly by her sides. Percy gestures wildly with his arms, and realises how uncomfortable that is without a bra on for some sort of support – he wonders how girls stand this. His breasts are already irritating him, and he's barely had them for fifteen minutes. He swallows and puts his arms down by his sides. "Well? I'd like a reason. Thanks for this, by the way," he snaps, not feeling at all remorseful for the sharp tone of his voice. It's great, really. If he makes this girl cry, then he won't feel sorry at all. Tamsen runs a hand through her hair again and Percy finds himself marvelling once again at the way it bounces back into place like some sort of hair-trampoline. Weird. The daughter of Hecate goes on to explain why he's been turned into a girl and Percy doesn't really listen because she stutters and stumbles and repeats herself a lot when she talks but, basically, her siblings had been arguing over who the hottest girl at camp was. Coming to a disagreement, and then deciding that he, Percy, would make a pretty attractive woman, they'd decided to put it to the test. That's it. That's the reason. Sometimes, Percy wonders how he's even still alive. His fellow demigods are absolute morons. He thinks back to a time before the Titan war when Clarisse had refused to fight because of a godsdamned chariot, and the thought only incenses him further. Feeling more than slightly annoyed, Percy walks out in the middle of Tamsen's speech of broken syllables and stupid excuses. Somehow, it's still going, and Percy thinks he's heard enough so he doesn't bother to stay and hear the rest out. Walking out makes her shut up, though, and she and Annabeth stare after him until Annabeth seems to unfreeze and jogs over to him. She wraps a hand around his waist and rests a head on his shoulder. He realises that turning into a girl hasn't altered his height, and he's still slightly taller than her in this form. The realisation makes him grin into her hair when he buries his face in her curls. "Hey," she says. "It's okay. It's only for one day. And then I'll have my boyfriend back." He sighs heavily and he's kind of pissed off because she's probably not going to want to kiss him now. He's going to murder the Hecate campers if any of them get in his way, because damn, Annabeth looks pretty today. She always does, but today she's even more stunning than usual. Probably because it's the first sunny day in two weeks and he can actually see her properly without her face clouded in shadows from storm clouds. "Guess so," Percy mutters. "Whatever. We should head to breakfast." "Are you going to tell anyone?" "Yeah," he decides. "I don't want to deal with the problems that'll come with keeping this a secret – and it's only for one day. You don't have to be all couple-y with me when I'm like this if you-" Annabeth cuts him off by spinning him around and kissing him firmly on the lips, causing him to grunt in pleasant surprise against her lips. She's smiling as she kisses him, he can tell, her hands curving around to rest on his lower back and run through his hair. "You're a shit," Percy gasps out good-naturedly when they break away and she's still grinning mischievously at him. She shrugs noncommittally. "You make a very attractive woman. I'm feeling very conflicted right now." He hopes she's not joking. He wants her to kiss him again (except, then he feels guilty for wanting that of her – he knows she doesn't swing that way). "Yeah?" "I've never felt attracted to a girl before. Except for, like, Selena Gomez. But she's