Disclaimer: I DON'T OWN PERCY JACKSON OR ANY OTHER FAMILIAR CHARACTERS. I ONLY OWN THIS STORYLINE. Warnings: rated T for sexual references and a few swear words :) Authors Notes: Because jealous!Annabeth is important and so is Piper/Annabeth friendship and just... this was born during a period of sleep deprivation. Forgive me. THE HANDBOOK OF LOVE (WAS WRITTEN IN INVISIBLE INK) It's hard to find the patience to tutor Percy. The thing is, he's not stupid, Annabeth knows, and she admits that he has ADHD and Dyslexia and the only reason why she overcomes it so easily is that she's Athena's kid. So she tries not to be frustrated with him. He's straight C's and D's and she'd once told herself that she'd never fall for someone like that but she loves him so much that she just doesn't care. So, she reasons, it must be the frustration build up that causes her to snap. Today is one of the worst days. His mind is more elsewhere than usual, and his impatient tapping of his pen and his furious scribbling on the paper when he can't get the right answer is worse than it usually is. And he has a hard scowl on his face that Annabeth hasn't seen for a while. Not since... she can't even remember - but it brings back memories of the Giant War that she'd rather not revisit, so she decides not remembering is okay with her. She looks over his shoulder at the sum he's attempting. He's already messed it up without even being halfway through and it's the most basic step that he's messed up on, too. And she doesn't mean to say it but it slips out before she can stop herself: "Wrong again, Seaweed Brain. Honestly, this is getting frustrating - don't be an idiot, I've already explained that bit a thousand times, I-" she stops as her brain catches up to her mouth (odd, since it's usually the other way around). He stops tapping his pen and is uncharacteristically still for a long moment, like Medusa herself had turned him to stone with a mere glance. "Oh, gods, Percy, I'm sorry. I just-" "It's fine," he cuts in, sharply. He stands up from his position, where he'd been lying on his belly across his bed. His brow creases slightly. "I think we could both do with a break." "Good idea," says Annabeth, trying not to flinch at the tense tone in his voice. "Maybe your mum finished baking those cookies, huh?" she hopes her voice sounds light and airy, but she's scared that it sounds too forcefully cheery. She feels horrible. And maybe it wasn't that bad, but she'd hate it if someone else insulted her intelligence, and she knows that Percy is slightly insecure about the difference in their grades. Not that they should mean anything. Grades and intelligence are different things - because he's pretty much (not quite, but almost ) on par with her in everyday smarts, even if he's too hyperactive to focus on numbers and too dyslexic to hand up a polished English essay on time. But they head downstairs anyway, to where Sally is carefully taking some bright blue choc-chip cookies from the oven. Her hair is up in a messy bun, and she's wearing a grey apron and a light blue dress underneath. She's radiant, as usual, and Annabeth knows that her boyfriend doesn't only get his looks from his father. Her pregnancy has done nothing but make her look motherlier, and she's glowing with only two months to go. Sally places the cookies on top of the oven and then turns around, a thick tea towel in her hand and a broad smile on her face that falters slightly when she catches the look on her son's face. "Hey, Percy, honey, are you okay?" "Fine," he says, shortly, and when his mum begins to speak again, his gaze hardens and he reiterates: "I said, I'm fine." Immediately, he bites his lip and Annabeth knows that he feels bad straightaway. "Oh, gods, mum... I'm sorry. I just... I need some air." And he runs a hand through his hair and heads out of the apartment before either of them can stop him. Sally lets out a heavy sigh and leans back into the countertop. "He woke up screaming again last night," she says softly, and Annabeth snaps her head around to face her in alarm. "We'd made it a few weeks now and I... well I thought... it doesn't matter. But I woke him up and he kept telling me that he'd killed you... and it took me about ten minutes to convince him that he was safe and you were safe and I... I've never..." tears sparkle in her eyes, she looks down. Suddenly, Annabeth realises why Sally was so adamant that she, Annabeth, come visit them today. And she knows now why Percy had been so upset at her insult. He'd already been on edge. She wishes she'd known earlier: it explains why he'd been so especially distracted today. Now, when Sally sighs resignedly and offers Annabeth a cookie with a forced smile, all Annabeth has on her mind is Percy. She feels so horrible that she waits until he comes back, hugs him gently and pecks him on the cheek and announces that it's time for her to leave. She IM's him every day, as usual. He's not upset about it still, not visibly, and so she hopes that he's forgiven her. She doesn't try to bring it up again, and she hopes he knows that she didn't mean it. But this time, a week later, Annabeth remembers he's got his math test in a couple of days because he'd painstakingly mentioned it before she'd snapped at him last time. And so, she tentatively offers to tutor him again. "Nah," he says. "Don't worry about it. You shouldn't have to... anyway, I got myself a tutor. She graduated last year and she's pretty good. I pay her about thirty bucks for an hour." "You... have a tutor?" Annabeth says slowly, and tries not to think about the girl being only a year older than them, and she's probably attractive, knowing Annabeth's luck. Percy smiles. "Yeah, Wise Girl. It's great. She's helped me out a couple of times so far and it's really helping. I think I might pass!" Which is stupid, because it should be Annabeth helping him pass. "That's great, Percy." she says dully, and hopes he doesn't notice how much she wants to find his tutor and slap her across the face. As she usually does when she has the rare Percy Problem, Annabeth Iris Messages Piper. Piper might not be a very stereotypical Aphrodite girl but, whether she wants to admit it or not, when it comes to love she generally knows what she's going on about (unless Jason is involved, in which case she's utterly useless ). And she's pretty good at figuring out Percy. Which is weird, because that boy is anything but what Annabeth would call predictable. Piper answers the IM with a sleepy mass of bed hair and half closed eyes. She's wearing a pink My Little Pony shirt that's almost three sizes too big, and one sleeve hangs down so low that Annabeth can see her white bra strap peeking through. But it looks damn comfortable, so Annabeth will give her that at least. "Hey," says Piper. She's so tired she sounds almost drunk. "What can I do for you?" The look on Annabeth's face is as deadpan as they get and Piper smiles. Annabeth is so not impressed. "You know it's almost one o'clock in the afternoon, right? How are you still asleep?" "Not anymore, I'm not," says Piper, and she smiles mysteriously as she pulls her hair out of its messy bun and let's it fall in a way that makes Annabeth resentful of her own curls (how does it fall perfectly without her brushing it like that?). "What do y' want, Little Einstein?" Piper's limitless nicknames know no bounds and Annabeth curses Leo to Hades for his bad influence. "Percy's mad at me." "Is it actually your fault?" "I think so?" Piper would know better than she would, even though Annabeth's pretty sure that she's mostly in the wrong. "Well, actually, I don't think he's mad at me anymore." Piper looks at Annabeth from under half closed lids in the most disappointed way possible. "So why the Hephaestus did you wake me up then?" "It's almost one o'clock! Why the fuck, were you still sleeping, anyway?" Annabeth's tone is incredulous, but she really shouldn't be surprised. Piper is always unreasonable when she's tired. "Jason kept me up." Which only reminds Annabeth that she hadn't had sex in the past month and fuels her irritation. Annabeth wrinkles her nose. "TMI, thanks." Piper looks amused, and she shifts so that she's sitting cross legged on her bed. Annabeth can see her grey track pants peeking out from under her absurdly large shirt. "Nah, not like that. We played Uno for, like, three hours straight." "Right," Annabeth mutters. She's honestly not even surprised. "Well, anyway. I might've told Percy that he was an idiot when he got a maths sum wrong and now he's gone and got himself a tutor and I'm slightly jealous because she's only a year older than us and she's probably hot, knowing my luck." Piper winces, and it takes her a few moments to even formulate a single word. "Okay," she says, slowly. "You fucked up. But, have they had lessons yet?" "Like, a couple of them I think? And apparently she's 'really helping' him." The look on Annabeth's face is irritated and stony. Piper grins at the sight. "Watch out," Piper says, her voice dripping with sarcasm. She sounds more awake now, at least, and her eyes are wide and shining mischievously. "This dude turned down immortality for you, but he's gonna cheat on you anyway with his hot math nerd tutor." " I was his hot math nerd tutor!" Annabeth says, ignoring how conceited that sounds in her furious indignation. Piper shrugs. "I don't think you need to worry," she's being surprisingly unhelpful today. "He loves you a lot. And thinks you're hot. If he didn't, he never would've had his head between your-" "PIPER MCLEAN!" Annabeth yelps in horror. "Holy Hephaestus. I might as well go and ask Clarisse for her advice." Clarisse is surprisingly helpful in a 'give him hell for me' kind of way. And she's got a hidden soft spot for Annabeth, so that's cool. "Your funeral, smart ass," Piper says coolly. Which only reminds Annabeth that, while Piper's been hanging out with Leo too often, she's become far too close to Rachel Elizabeth Dare far too quickly . The mannerisms are beginning to become too similar for comfort. "I'm just saying. Let him have his tutor and dedicate your time with him for more fun things. Like the aforementioned activity that you don't like me mentioning for some reason." "I'm literally never talking about my sex life in front of you again. Ever." Two days later, Annabeth meets the hot math nerd tutor. And she is hot . Annabeth is furious at the sight. She's a redhead, like Rachel, and the fact that her boyfriend once had a thing for Rachel isn't helping her nerves. She's furious, even though she knows she should really give Percy more credit. The guy is in love with her, she knows, so why can't she just relax? Fucking hell in a handbasket. His tutor is laughing at something he's said while twisting her hair into a messy bun. Then, she rolls her eyes and leans forward to point at something on his page, while he flushes a pale shade of red and quickly scribbles whatever it was out and rewrites it. "Well done," she says, cheerily. "That's better. But, can you see why that