I PERCY EVEN BEFORE HE GOT ELECTROCUTED, Percy was having a rotten day. He woke in the backseat of a school bus, not sure of where he was, holding hands with a girl he didn't know. That wasn't necessarily the rotten part. The girl was cute, but he couldn't figure out who she was, or what he was doing there. He sat up and rubbed his eyes, trying to clear the fog that surrounded his mind. A few dozen kids sprawled in the seats in front of him, listening to iPods, talking, or sleeping. Percy was pretty sure he didn't live in the desert. He tried to think back to the last thing he remembered. A memory flashed through his eyes; a girl with piercing black eyes, and glossy black hair, worn in a single braid. "Percy, you okay?" asked the girl next to him, squeezing his hand. As quick as the memory came, it faded away. He sat up, feeling sick and dizzy, and surveyed the girl closely. She wore faded jeans, hiking boots, and a fleece snowboarding jacket. Her chocolate brown hair was cut choppy and uneven, with thin strands braided down the sides. She wore no makeup, like she was trying not to draw attention to herself, but it didn't work. She was honestly pretty. Her eyes seemed to change color, like a kaleidoscope—brown, blue, and green. Percy let go of her hand, glaring harshly. "Who are—" In front of the bus, a man shouted: "Alright, cupcakes. Listen up!" The guy was obviously a coach. His baseball cap was pulled low over his hair, so you could see nothing but his beady eyes. He had a wispy goatee, and a sour face, like he'd eaten something moldy. His buff arms and chest pushed against a bright orange polo shirt. His nylon workout pants and Nikes were spotless white. A whistle hung from his neck, and a megaphone was clipped to his belt. He would've looked pretty scary, if he hadn't been five feet zero. When he stood up in the aisle, a student shouted, "Stand up, Hedge!" "I heard that!" The coach scanned the bus for the offender. Then his eyes fixated on Percy, and his scowl deepened. A shiver went down Percy's spine. He was convinced that the Coach knew he didn't belong there. He was going to call Percy out, and demand to know what he was doing here—and Percy wouldn't have a sliver of an idea as to what to reply with. But Coach Hedge looked away and cleared his throat. "We'll arrive in five minutes. Stay with your partner. Don't lose your worksheet. And if any of you precious little cupcakes cause any trouble on this trip, I will personally send you back to campus the hard way." Percy blinked as the coach grabbed a baseball bat and slapped the palm of his hand with it. "He can't talk to me that way." The girl next to him shrugged. "He always does. It's the Wilderness School, remember? Where the kids are the animals," she said, her eyes twinkling with amusement. She said it as if it was a joke they shared before. Percy studied the girl closely, putting every detail into consideration. He scanned his brain for a name that matched the face of the girl, but he had no clue. "This is a mistake." The boy in front of him threw his head back and laughed. "Yeah, right, Percy. We've all been framed! I didn't run away six times, and Piper here didn't steal a BMW." Piper blushed. "I didn't steal that car, Leo!" Leo grinned. "Right, I forgot. What was your story? You 'talked' the dealer into lending it to you?" He shook his head and turned to Percy like, Can you believe her? Leo looked like a Latino Santa's elf, with curly black hair, pointy ears, a cheerful, babyish face, and a mischievous smile that told you right away this guy should not be trusted around matches or sharp objects. His long, nimble fingers wouldn't stop moving—drumming on the seat, sweeping his hair behind his ears, fiddling with the buttons of his army fatigue jacket. Either the kid was naturally hyper, or he was hopped on enough sugar and caffeine to give a heart attack to a water buffalo. "Anyway," Leo said, "I hope you've got your worksheet, 'cause I used mine for spit wads days ago. Why are you looking at me like that? Did somebody draw on my face again?" Percy looked at Leo skeptically and spoke, "I don't know you." Leo gave him a crocodile grin. "Sure. I'm not your best friend. I'm his evil clone." "Leo Valdez!" Coach Hedge yelled from the front. "Problem back there?" Leo winked at Percy. "Watch this." He turned to the front. "Sorry, Coach. I was having trouble hearing you. Could you use your megaphone, please?" The coach grunted like he was pleased to have an excuse to yell. He unclipped the megaphone from his belt and continued giving directions, but his voice came out like Darth Vader's. The kids cracked up. The coach tried again, but this time the megaphone blared: "The cow says moo!" The kids howled, and the coach slammed down the megaphone. "Valdez!" Piper stifled a laugh. "My god, Leo. How did you do that?" Leo slipped a tiny Philips head screwdriver from his sleeve. "I'm a special boy." "Guys, I'm serious," Percy said, desperation leaking into his voice. "What am I doing here? Where are we going?" Piper knit her eyebrows. "Percy, are you joking?" "No! I have no idea—" "Aw, yeah he's joking," Leo said. "He's trying to get me back for that shaving cream on the Jell-O thing, aren't you?" Percy stared at him blankly. "No, I think he's serious," Piper tried to take his hand again, but he pulled it away. "I'm sorry," he muttered. "I don't—I can't—" "That's it!" Coach Hedge yelled from the front. "The back row has just volunteered to clean up after lunch!" The rest of the kids cheered. "That's a shocker," Leo mumbled. But Piper kept her eyes fixed on Percy, as if she couldn't decide whether to be hurt of worried. "Did you hit your head or something? You really don't know who we are?" "It's worse than that," Percy said, letting out a frustrated growl, "I don't know who I am." LineBreak The bus dropped them in front of a big red stucco complex like museum, just sitting in the middle of nowhere. Maybe that's what it was: the National Museum of Nowhere, Percy thought. A cold wind blew across the desert, Percy hadn't paid much attention to what he was wearing, but it wasn't nearly warm enough: jeans, sneakers, a purple T-shirts, and a thin black windbreaker. "So, a crash course for the amnesiac," Leo said in a helpful tone that made Percy think he was going to be helpful. "We go to the 'Wilderness School'"—Leo made air quotes with his fingers. "Which means we're 'bad kids,' Your family, or the court, or whoever, decided you were too much trouble, so they shipped you off to this lovely prison—sorry, 'boarding school'—in Armpit, Nevada, where you learn valuable nature skills, like running ten miles a day through the cacti and weaving daisies into hats! And for a special treat, we go on 'educational' field trips with Coach Hedge, who keeps order with a baseball bat. Is it all coming back to you now?" "No," Percy said, glancing apprehensively at the other kids: maybe twenty guys, half that many girls. None of them looked like hardened criminals, but he wondered what they had all done to get sentenced to a school for delinquents, and he wondered why he belonged with them. Leo rolled his eyes. "You're really going to play this out, huh? Okay, so the three of us started here together this semester. We're totally tight. You do everything I say, and give me your dessert, and do my chores—" "Leo!" Piper snapped. "Fine. Ignore that last part, but we are friends. Well, Piper's a little more than your friend, these last few weeks—" "Leo, stop it!" Piper's face burned red. Percy chuckled huskily, but he could feel his own cheeks heating up a bit as well. He thought he'd remember if he'd been going out with a girl like Piper. "He's got amnesia or something," Piper said. "We've got to tell somebody." Leo scoffed. "Who, Coach Hedge? He'd try to fix him by whacking him upside the head." The coach was at the front of the group, barking orders and blowing his whistle to keep the kids in line; but every so often, he'd glance back at Percy and scowl. "Leo, Percy needs help," Piper insisted. "He's got a concussion or—" "Yo, Piper." One of the other guys dropped back to join them as the group was heading into hte museum. The new guy wedged himself between Percy and Piper, knocking Leo down. "Don't talk to these bottom-feeders. You're my partner, remember?" The new guy had dark hair cut Superman style, a deep tan, and teeth so white they should've come with a warning label: do not stare directly at teeth, permanent blindness may occur. He wore a Dallas Cowboys jersey, Western jeans and boots, and he smiled like he was God's gift to juvenile delinquent girls everywhere. Percy hated him instantly. "Go away, Dylan. I didn't ask to work with you," Piper grumbled. "Ah, that's no way to be. This is your lucky day!" Dylan hooked his arm through hers and dragged her through the museum entrance. Piper shot one last look over her shoulder like, 911. Leo got up and brushed himself off. "I hate that guy." He offered Percy his arm, like they should go skipping inside together. "'I'm Dylan. I'm so cool, I want to date myself, but I can't figure out how! You want to date me instead? You're so lucky!'" "Leo," Percy said, "you're weird." "Yeah, you tell me that a lot," Leo grinned. "But if you don't remember me, that means I can reuse all my old jokes. Come on!" Percy figured that if this was his best friend, his life must have been pretty messed up; but he followed Leo into the museum. LineBreak They walked through the building, stopping here and there for Coach Hedge to lecture them with his megaphone, which alternately made him sound like a Sith Lord or blared out random comments like, "The big says oink." Leo kept pulling out nuts, bolts, and pipe cleaners from the pockets of his army jacket and putting them together, like he had to keep his hands busy at all times. Percy was too distracted to pay much attention to the exhibits, but they were about the Grand Canyon and the Hualapai tribe, which owned the museum. Some girls kept looking over at Piper and Dylan and snickering. Percy figured these girls were the popular clique. They wore matching jeans and pink tops and enough makeup for a Halloween party. One of them said, "Hey, Piper, does your tribe run this place. Do you get in free if you do a rain dance?" The other girls laughed. Even Piper's so-called partner Dylan suppressed a smile. Piper's snowboarding jacket sleeves hid her hands, but Percy got the feeling that she was clenching her fists. "My dad's Cherokee," she said. "Not Hualapai. 'Course, you'd need a few brain cells to know the difference, Isabel." Isabel widened her eyes in mock surprise, so that she looked like an owl with a makeup addiction. "Oh, sorry! Was your mom in this tribe? Oh, that's right. You never knew your mom." Piper charged her, but before a fight could start, Coach Hedge barked, "Enough back there! Set a good example or I'll break out my baseball bat!" The group shuffled on to the next exhibit, but the girls kept calling out little comments to Piper. "Good to be back on the