Her Grandmother on her Dad's side was a whore. Everyone in District 12 knew her. She had three kids from three different men. First one was Ross Everdeen, he took his father's last name because he wanted nothing to do with his mothers ways as he got older. Plus his mother was still very young not even in her 30's yet. Two years later his brother was born Jack Hawthorne, he also took his fathers last name when he got older. They both were children of a Seam man. Seam meaning poor, coal miners. They looked exactly like their father's dark brown hair, olive skin, and grey eyes. Three years later their last brother was born Caleb Mellark. His father was a Merchant who owned the town Bakery. He also looked nothing like his Seam mother. He had his father's features. Shaggy blond hair, lighter skin and bright blue eyes. Each boy went and lived with their father when their mother died in her late 30's, but they always kept in contact. They would meet out in the woods every Saturday despite it being illegal. They spent so much time out there that they all started creating weapons to hunt with. Caleb Mellark made too much noise to hunt so with his new-found skills he created weapons for his older brothers to hunt with. They were inseparable. They did everything together in the woods, but when out in public Ross and Jack couldn't speak to their younger brother Caleb because he was from town and town people barely liked Seam people, but everybody knew they were all brothers even if they didn't look-alike, they knew. The only thing these three brothers worried about was survival and The Hunger Games. The Hunger Games is where the Capitol picks one male and one female tribute 12-18 to represent their district in a fight to the death and there is only one Victor. The bothers' didn't want either of them to go into it and if one of them did go in they would go in ready. So they trained each others on how to survive and fight. Over time as they each had gotten older and none of their names were called, Ross and Jack started working in the mines and eventually Caleb took over the bakery. Jack was the first one to marry and have a boy named Gale. Caleb was second to marry and he married a Merchant girl who was nice at first. They had a boy a year after Gale was born naming him Rye. Ross the oldest was the last to marry because it took a long time for him to get a Merchant girl to marry him. She was the daughter of the town healers and they had disowned her for marrying a coal miner from the Seam. A year later they had a daughter named Katniss at the same time as Caleb had his second son Peeta. They kept their kids close to each other. Letting them know the meaning of what a family really is. Another 4 years later Ross had a set of twins which is very rare in District 12. First was a boy, her brother, Hagan with wavy blond hair and grey eyes and second to come was a girl, her sister, Primrose with wavy blond hair and blue eyes. Jack had another son a couple of days later naming him Rory. After that no more kids were born. Ross's older daughter became more like him everyday and protected her younger siblings along with her many cousins. The first time her Dad took her out into the woods she was 6. He taught her how to shoot a bow and arrow and hunt. She was a natural at it like it was made for her hands only. Gale is good at setting traps and okay with a bow and arrow but he excels when an ax is in his hands. Peeta isn't good at anything that has to do with weapons, but he can fight with just his hands. Rye was good at throwing knifes and nothing else. They practically lived in the woods with their fathers by their side. Peeta and her were only 8, Gale was 10 and Rye was 9 when one day they were out hunting with their fathers when a boy Gale's age came out into the clearing. He looked nothing like them in District 12. He had spiky golden blond hair and piercing icy blue eyes, the iciest she had ever seen. They all had stared at him and he stared back not knowing what to do. The girl was the one who stepped up to him curiously and sized him up and down trying to sense if he was a threat to them, but he wasn't. "Who are you?" She had finally asked him. He seem startled by her strong voice and looked her over with his eyes and then smirked. "I could ask you the same thing." He said. She had scowled at him. "Are you lost or something?" she asked him still scowling. "No. Are you?" He replied back still smirking. She had wanted to smack that smirk right off that cocky bastards face. "I'd watch it if I were you. She has a bad temper for an 8-year-old girl." She heard Gale say with amusement in his voice. "Good to know. She's like a little Spitfire." The boy said. She growled at him already had lost what little temper she had and punched him square in the face. He fell back in surprise at how much a little 8-year-old girl could pack a punch. She had raised her bow and arrow at him, eyes blazing. "Who. Are. You?" She had demanded again with her bow pointed at him. All he did was rub his chin and got up. He looked at her bow and then back at her. He liked this little Spitfire. "Cato." He finally said holding out his hand. She looked at it suspiciously, but then lowered her bow and took his bigger hand in her smaller one and gave him a small smile which was very rare for her to give a stranger. "Katniss." She had said. He smiled back, a real smile and looked over shoulder at the people behind her who looked shocked. Her Dad was the first one to get over it. "I'm her Dad, Ross, and you my boy are the very first to actually make friends with her. As you can tell she isn't really nice around other people." He had explained and she glared at him and huffed. She knew it was true and it wasn't her fault she didn't trust people like that. "Yea, she takes after her Dad and Uncle. By the way I'm Caleb her Uncle and these are my boys Peeta and Rye." Her uncle had commented. Peeta and Rye waved. "If she can accept you then I guess your alright. I'm Jack and this is my son Gale." Her other uncle had said and Gale nodded at Cato. Cato had nodded back. Katniss turned to him. "Where are you from." She asked him. He shrugged and smirked. "Around." Was all he said. Then added, " Why are you out in the woods?" "Answer my question first and I'll answer yours." She shot back with a smirk of her own. He's starting to grow on her even if they only knew each other for 5 minutes. "Fine, I'm from District 2." He said realizing this little girl was something else. "Then why are you here?" She asked him curiously. "I believe you still have to answer my question." He said. She huffed. "We were hunting." Was all she had said. He nodded. "Aren't you a bit scrawny to handle a bow?" He teased her cocking his head to the side. He seemed to like getting her all worked up and frustrated. She just smirked not really bothered by his comment. "Apparently not if I could knock you on your ass with one punch." She taunted him. He glared at her but still had an amused smile on his face. "Point taken." Was all he said back as they both heard laughter coming from behind her. They looked and saw everybody laughing. "You guys are so cute bickering. Looks like your going to have to watch out Ross because Cato here has his eye's on your daughter." Jack chuckled. Ross just shook his head. "Watch it boy." He said halfheartedly. Cato held up his hands in surrender. "Wasn't trying anything." He said. After that encounter Ross took Cato under his wing finding a liking in the boy. Katniss and him bickered when they were together which was all the time before Cato had to go back to District 2. Oddly enough all that bickering they did made them become best friends and only saw each other in the woods when Cato was in District 12 which was every 6 months. Cato had eventually met the other Everdeens Hagan, Prim and their mom. They all took a liking into Cato. Cato started realizing his feelings toward Katniss when he was 12 but Katniss being only 10 was naïve and so young that he had to keep quiet about it. As Katniss got older she started feeling the same for him but he just didn't know it yet. But Katniss pushed all thoughts of love behind her when her Dad and Uncle Jack died in a coal mining accident and she had to become the head of the house at only 11 because her Mom had checked out on them just staring off into space. Hagan and Prim were only 7 when it happened. Cato had come back that winter, 5 months later, and found a very skinny Katniss in the woods at their spot crying her eyes out. This was the first time he had ever seen her cry, well in front of him that is. He went to her and pulled her close. "Kat what's wrong?" He asked. "Their dead Cato."She sobbed. He looked at her confused. "Whose dead?" He asked trying to understand. "My Dad and Uncle Jack... Their dead. I only have Uncle Caleb left. They died in the mine explosion 5 months ago and my Mom checked out into some deep depression." She finished bitterly. Cato's blood froze and he could feel hot tears stinging his eyes. He tried to be strong in front of her but he couldn't because Ross and Jack were like his father figures including Caleb. He felt crushed and started crying with Katniss. They clung to each other desperately thinking the other will disappear. When Cato finally pulled himself together he took Katniss face in his hands wiping away her tears with his thumbs. "We're going to be alright." He told her softly. She didn't look convinced, but she wanted to believe him so badly. "How do you know?" She asked in a small voice that didn't sound like her. He breathed deeply and then smiled at her. "Because I love you." He confessed and kissed her. This was her first kiss so she didn't know what to do, but she didn't pull away from it. The kiss tasted like salt from their tears, but she didn't mind. When he pulled away he start apologizing which was something he never did. "I'm sorry I just couldn't help it. I know your only 11 and I'm older. It's just something about you that draws me to you." He kept rambling. All she could do was laugh. "Cato, shut up." She chuckled. He snapped his mouth shut nodding. "I have feelings for you too, but I don't know if it's love yet." She confessed after a minute. "It's okay, I understand." He sighed. She nodded not saying anything. That day they spent all day in the woods and made bracelets for each other. 3 years later... "Hey." Rye said noticing Cato. "Hey" He