~Edward~ I sit at the hotel bar and lean over the counter, trying to get the blonde bimbos attention to get me another drink. Vodka, straight, just the way I like it, nothing more nothing less. I bring the cigarette I'm holding to my lips and take a long drag, tasting the forbidden smoke that now flows through my body. My nostrils burn as I let it out. My eyes sting from the lack of sleep at this late hour but I refuse to finish the day without having the pleasure of a drink. Today of all fucking days I get a call about a late shipment and have to make an appearance to fix it. Cocaine in the mafia world is normal but nonetheless it must be taken care of, so on and so forth. I shift my position, smoothing out my black Armani suit for the better. I could feel the coolness of my gun that rests in my shoulder holster. I smile to myself, knowing just hours earlier I used that weapon to blow a guy's motherfucking head off, some Polish guy, the one who tried to fuck up the shipment. I smirk. Well he got his. I finally get the blonde bimbos attention. When she comes back I take the glass greedily and ignore her when she starts to make eyes at me. She puts a piece of paper with her number on it under my glass. I wasn't in the mood for some blonde cunt tonight, so I toss the piece of paper away. I wince slightly as I down my drink in one gulp, my throat burning. I drink hard liquor like I'm a fish in an ocean and I couldn't give a fuck. You got to drink like that in the world I live in. I run my hand through my messy hair and ask for another glass of vodka. I pinch the bridge of my nose, a habit I got from my father way back when. What a fucking night. ~Bella~ "Stupid goddamn elevator," I mutter. For the past five minutes I've been pressing the small orange button to wait for the elevator to take me down to the lobby where I can finally get some peace in my mind. Today had been horrendous. I was staying overnight for this impending investigation and had been working nonstop. A guy ends up being brutally murdered and I get called over to help out. My skills have become very useful as a federal marshal. I have a very proud father, Charlie Swan, being a Chief of police himself. I followed in my father's footsteps to rid the world of crime. I sigh with relief when the doors open and I make my way down. I fix the collar of my dress; I had changed out of my uniform and into something less conspicuous. I sling my purse over my shoulder and breathe another heavy sigh. Right now liquor is my safe haven. The elevator dings and I make my way towards the hotel bar. ~Edward~ I run my hand over my face, trying to get rid of the exhaustion that threatens to overtake me. My brothers were taking care of the rest of the job tonight. I decided I needed a break. For the past three months I had been working a drug deal with the Russians. Of course, the Russians fucked up and got involved with the Polish. That's how I got into this situation, having to clean up the mess that threatened my business deal in the cocaine industry. Now I will be making a trip to Russia soon, and will show those bastards what happens when you fuck with Edward Cullen. I smirk and take another swig of my drink. "A screwdriver please. Make sure it's Grey Goose," A voice says from next to me. I turn just to see a brunette beauty take a seat next to me. Probably just another bimbo. I turn back to my drink. Even if she had good taste in alcohol. "Thank you," The woman says when the bartender hands her the drink. Out of the corner of my eye I can see her take a sip and it manages to dribble down her chin. "Motherfucking fuck duck." The woman curses and wipes down her front with a cocktail napkin. I was astounded. "Do you really curse like that?" I blurt, turning to the woman. She stares agape at me. "Um… excuse me?" "Honestly, is that even a fucking curse expression?" I ask. She stares at me with a mixture of confusion and amusement. "Well it's my curse expression." She defends with a smile. I snort. "Some people just don't know how to curse." I mumble, taking another swig. She studies me closely. "You know I'm guessing that's your fifth drink at the most so I would watch it buddy." She says and turns back around. ~Bella~ I take another sip with a pleased smile. With the job I have, I got very good at reading people. The man sitting next to me was not only insanely gorgeous, but an idiot. I bet he drinks like that all the time, if he keeps it up his liver is going to be destroyed. I sigh and smile. Oh well, at least he's fun to look at. "Not that it's any of your fucking business, but I need this drink." The man gulps down the rest of his drink, then shoves the glass away. I snort. "You and me both, sweetheart," I down the rest of my drink and shove it away as well. I turn to see the man staring at me, his green eyes penetrating. "What?" I ask. "Are you always this fucking cocky?" He retorts. "I don't know; do you ever say a sentence without saying the word 'fuck'?" I challenge him with a raised eyebrow. He leans forward and I can smell his cologne. God it's intoxicating. "Hell fucking no." He gives her a crooked grin that makes her heart stop. "I'm Edward." He sticks his hand out and I shake it. . "Isabella, but you can call me Bella." I return a smile. ~Edward~ I knew already this was going to be an interesting night. I was wrong about Bella being a bimbo. Turns out she wasn't anything like I imagined. She was smart, beautiful, had a great sense of humor, and had really good taste in alcohol. We both retired to a booth in the back corner of the bar and talked. We ordered a couple of more drinks throughout the night and had some intriguing conversations. We were both were already tipsy. "Are you serious?" I ask, my smile wide. Bella nods vigorously, her grin just as big. "I'm not kidding; I was accused of cannibalism as a kid." I stare at her. "How the hell-" She bursts out laughing. "No, no. It was on a field trip coming back from the zoo and this kid sitting in front of me dared me to bite his arm. Of course he didn't think I would do it so I bite him hard. He promised he wouldn't tell the teacher but of course when we got back he told the teacher right before nap time." Bella giggled, remembering. "And she dragged me to the principal's office while saying 'If you're hungry you come and tell us. Don't bite his arm.'" She does the best imitation of her teacher's voice. We both laugh at the absurdness of her story. "That's fucked up," I snicker. Bella shrugs. "My teacher was a bitch. She took away my nap time." She gulps one of the shots on the tray. I chuckle and do the same. I love a woman who can hold her liquor. We were so close together that our legs were touching. I like being close to her and I want more. I could feel the electric current flow between us. It's something I've never felt before. I've had many women before but this was different. Bella was different. I realize I shouldn't bring her into my world, a world of drugs, money, and violence. My life is a torturous existence. A life no one could ever want…Yeah fucking right. I was born for this shit. I would drag Bella into my world kicking and screaming if that was what I wanted. To hell with the consequences. She starts to talk again and I focus on her, a slow smile stretching across my face. Oh yeah baby, you don't know it yet but your mine. ~Bella~ I had to admit I was enjoying myself. I haven't interacted with the opposite sex this way in a very long time. The thought of it gave me a thrill. Edward has the attitude of a hard ass and I love it. "So what do you do for a living?" I ask. Edward hesitates. "Real estate." I arch an eyebrow. I knew he was lying. "What about you Ms. Swan?" He smirks. "Banking," I say. I've had practice with this, there was no way in hell I was telling him I was an federal marshal. The poor guy would be running for the hills. "So what brings you to the hotel?" he asks. "Business meeting, you?" His lips twitch. "Same." A long moment passes. "Alright," Edward's voice rings out, making her jump. He leans in closer so that their faces are only inches apart. He keeps his voice low. "The way I see it is that we're both lying here," I start to say something but he cuts me off, "But neither of us have to know the truth." I stare at him. "So…what are you saying?" Edward's answering smile makes my stomach clench in anticipation. He closes the space between us and claims my mouth with his own. Fire explodes between us. There was nothing slow with this kiss. I part my lips and he invades my mouth like he owns it. His hands grab the back of my head and he pulls my hair until my head falls back. His mouth makes a trail from my mouth to my neck. He bites the sensitive flesh there and white hot heat courses through my body. I arch my body and feel myself growing embarrassingly wet. His tongue leaves a hot wet trail down my neck and my body starts to ache, almost painfully. His hands move to grip my waist tightly and he brings his lips to my ear. "You want me to fuck you, baby?" he whispers. His scent washes over me and I want to faint. Goddamn this man smells good. I was too out of breath to respond so I nod. His fingers slide under my dress and go past my underwear. He inserts a finger into me, finding that I am indeed very very wet. My eyes close and I moan. If this was how his finger could make me feel, imagine how amazing his fucking cock would be. He chuckles softly in my ear. "Oh yeah, I know you want me, baby." He flexes his finger and the action makes me squirm. He withdraws his finger and brings it to his mouth, sucking off my essence. "Damn you taste amazing." I stare at him with wide eyes. He grins crookedly. "Would you care to join me upstairs in my room so I can fuck you properly?" It's been a while since I've had sex, and the sexual frustration is obvious. After tonight I won't see this man again but I don't care. I fucking need this. I say the only thing that comes to mind: "Hell yes," I say. ~Edward~ I mentally give myself a fist bump. This woman has to be the best goddamn thing I'd ever tasted. Like strawberries and cream. She is very responsive to my touch. The blush that spreads across her skin is so fucking beautiful. Her big brown eyes beg me to fuck her and I