Only for you Harry was completely exhausted, all the fighting had made him very tired. Things were not going well at all. They were completely outnumbered and Harry could see that his friends were very tired too. Were was the Order? They should be here by now. Suddenly he saw a bright purple light flying trough the air. As in slow motion he saw it, speeding straight for Ginny. His heart froze. He did not have the strength to conjure a shield for her so he did the only thing he could do. In slow motion he bounded for Ginny. As the curse drew closer Ginny saw it too in the corner of her eye. She raised her arm ready to cast a shield charm and the words were forming on her lips but in her mind she knew it was to late. Just as that thought went through her head Harry stepped in front of her. Her scream barely had time to leave her lips before the curse hit him squarely in the chest. His body jerked and then he was slammed into the wall. He slid towards the floor, the light leaving his eyes. Harry's ears were ringing. His body ached all over and he could not for the life of him figure out why. He opened his eyes slowly. He was laying down on his back in a hallway and it looked like there was some sort of battle going on. Colored lights were shooting back and forth. Sometimes the lights would hit a wall or statue and create a small explosion or make a hole. It was like watching a movie with the sound off. People were running back and forth and it looked like they were yelling. His hearing was returning slowly and suddenly he heard a muffled scream. He turned his head and saw a girl running towards him. She had flaming red hair and wore a school uniform. She looked very scared and it was the girl who was screaming. Harry tried to hear what she was saying. The ringing mingled with the muffled screams and distant sounds of fighting. "Harry! No!…" As in slow motion he watched as she reached him and dropped to her knees besides him. She put one of her hands over her mouth and he saw fear in her eyes. Her eyes seemed to scan his body and he saw them fill up with tears and he wondered why. Someone pressed a scarf into her outstretched hand. She put the scarf on his chest and pressed down hard. It hurt like nothing had ever before and Harry's vision blurred and darkened for a while. As he looked down at his chest he saw a big gash through his white shirt and a lot of blood. He must have been hit by one of the bright colored lights he thought. His hands were now shaking and he reached for his chest but the girl grabbed them and held them in her own. Someone else much stronger must have taken up the task of pressing the scarf down on his wound and he again saw a glimpse of flaming red hair but shorter this time. The girl was talking again but her voice was softer now and the ringing in his ears had lessened somewhat. His eyes drifted from her bloody hands holding his, to her face. The tears were falling freely now and she repeated the same sentence over and over. "Please Harry, you are going to be ok, please be ok, just hang in there, it will be alright Harry…" The sounds of fighting were gone now but it had been replaced with people shouting instead and feet rushing by. Harry started feeling cold and he was now having a very had time keeping his eyes open. Maybe he needed to sleep? Yes he was definitely very tired. With one last effort he tried to focus on the girls face again. His green eyes met the brown and then blackness took him, the last thing he heard was a long drawn out scream. "Nooooo!" XXX XXX Harry felt very confused, he was having dream after dream, at least he was hoping they were dreams. Some of the dreams were really bad, some really weird and some were the best dreams Harry had ever had. He dreamed of dragons, owls, people with red hair, a dangerous school of some sort and a man or creature with red glowing eyes. Just as he was falling from one of the high towers of a castle he tried to wake himself by forcing his eyes open. He had a sharp sucking feeling in his stomach and just as he was about to hit the ground he woke up and opened his eyes. In panic he looked around and for a moment the bright light blinded him. He was breathing fast and apparently he was laying down in a bed with plain white sheets. There seemed to be people sitting all around him in chairs and when he began stirring they seemed to awake from sort of slumber. "He's awake." "Thank Merlin" "Its alright Harry, you're safe." "I'l fetch Madam Pomfrey." "How are you feeling?" There were several voices all at once and someone took his hands. He tried to look around but everything was very blurry. He reached his hands towards his face to try and feel what was wrong. "Oh, sorry, I forgot." he heard a girls voice say. A pair of glasses were gently placed on his face and his vision was suddenly clear as day. Around his bed there were several people, quite a few with red hair. The bed was situated in a very large room with a high ceiling. Huge windows lined the walls from floor to ceiling. "Harry, how are you feeling mate?" one of the redheads asked him. Harry looked at him and tried to speak but nothing came out. He clasped his throat and someone presented him with a glass of water. He took the glass and drank eagerly, his mouth and throat were very dry. "Easy now Mr Potter, small sips." a stern but still friendly voice told him. Harry took his time and when the glass was empty he tried to speak agin. All that escaped his mouth was a hoarse croak. Feeling somewhat frustrated he let his hands fall in his lap. "Now Mr Potter, there is nothing to be worried about. This is not uncommon when someone has been unconscious for a while." the matron said. Harry looked at her but before he could do anything someone snapped their fingers. "I got it, wait here." The boy with red hair stood up quickly and walked over to the small office at the end of the big room that Harry now realized must be some sort of hospital. He returned with some sort of strange paper, a feather and a small black bottle. "Ron, thats a brilliant idea." a bushy haired girl said. Harry frowned before realizing this was probably a feather quill. He dipped the quill in the ink bottle and tried to write on the parchment but he left big blotches of ink and the words were unreadable. The red headed girl took his hand and helped him. Harry looked her and smiled. She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. She gave a small laugh and wiped some tears of her face. Harry wrote down; "Where am I?" "You are in the hospital wing." The red headed girl replied almost as soon as he had written the question down. The red headed boy who was called Ron stared at Harry and gave a quick look at the bushy haired girl sitting next to him. "What happened?" he wrote down next. "You were hit by a curse Harry but we don't exactly know which one." the bushy haired girl replied. Harry was if possible even more confused by the last two answers. Hospital wing? Curse? "Who are you and how do you know my name?" he showed them the piece of parchment. "Harry thats not funny mate." Ron replied suddenly looking very serious. "Harry…" he felt his hands being squeezed. He looked over at the red headed girl sitting next to him. She looked at him with both confusion and fear in her eyes. "You do remember us right? You remember me?" Harry gave a wan smile and scribbled down a "No, should I?" on the piece of parchment. He could se the colour drain away from her face. "Harry that's not funny, stop it right now." she replied barely audible. "I'm sorry, I am really confused." Harry scribbled down. "Now Mr Potter, it is not unheard of for people who have suffered a severe injury to loose their memory." the matron replied. "For how long?" he wrote down next. "Well, that depends. Sometimes it is just for a few hours or days, sometimes for weeks, months or even for ever." "What!?" the boy called Ron said loudly. There were several gasps around Harry. He felt his panic rising again as the people around him started to discuss this new information loudly, his eyes darted around and he was just about to get up and leave when he felt someone press a hand on his chest gently but firmly. "Harry, you need to calm down" said the red headed girl. A vial was pressed against his lips and sooner than he could do anything to protest his eyelids were falling heavy and he slumped back against the pillows. Darkness took him once again. XXX XXX When Harry woke up next he felt a lot better. His eyelids were still a bit heavy but he felt rested and a lot calmer. He looked around his bed and there were only two people sitting around him now. The red headed boy called Ron was sleeping gently in a chair at the foot of his bed. To his left was the red headed girl who Harry still didn't know the name of. Several hours must have passed and she looked more worn and older than when he had last seen her. Her hair was messy and untidy and she had dark marks under her eyes. It looked like she had not eaten for days and there were fresh tear streaks on her pale cheeks. Harry reached for the paper and quill on his night stand. "Why are you crying?" he wrote down and gave the girl the piece of parchment. As she red it even more tears appeared and dropped down on to the paper. "Harry I… I can't…" she whispered. She stood up hastily and left the hospital wing in a hurry. Harry was again very confused and felt saddened byt the fact that the girl was crying and he had no idea why. Harry sat alone with his thoughts for quite some time before the Ron woke up. "Harry mate, how are you feeling?" "Fine." he simply wrote down and Ron frowned but smiled at the end. "Well I think that is a good sign" he said sounding suddenly more cheered up. "Why?" "Well you used to say that before all this whenever you were not fine." Harry scowled a bit but this seemed to spur Ron on even more. "See, thats already a massive improvement. You hungry mate?" Harry was indeed very hungry and when he had showed Ron the piece of paper saying "Yes" he drew out a long thin piece of wood from his inner pocket. Ron muttered a few words and a silvery blue wisp of smoke erupted from the piece of wood and formed into a dog that ran straight through the closed doors of the hospital wing. Harry simply gaped at the doors. Obviously he must have hit his head really hard if he were seeing things like this. Ron caught his eyes and blushed slightly. "Yea, well I know its not