Ginny's Wrath This story is set during HBP. Harry is bewildered when Ginny suddenly becomes very angry with him, what has he done now? The day had not been a complete failure. Scratch that, it had been a pretty good day. Not too much homework on any of the lessons and Harry had been able to skip off during one of the breaks to look for Malfoy. He had not found him on the Marauders Map but he had found Crabbe standing guard again outside the room of requirement so he had spent a few minutes watching him before going back to classes. Later during lunch as he was digging in to his pie and mash, Malfoy came strolling through the doors together with Pansy Parkinson and a few other Slytherins. He had an evil smirk plastered across his face and Harry did not like that at all. Malfoy was definitely up to something and Harry was determined to find out what that was. Ron and Hermione had asked him where he had been and Harry just told them he had been looking for Malfoy again. This earned him a scowl from Hermione and s shrug from Ron, as if finding out what Malfoy was up to apparently was not a high priority. He had not seen Ginny all day but that was not unheard of. When he asked a boy he knew to be in her year he stated that they had all gone to lunch early today. He would after all se her at dinner or in the common room this evening. She had been more interested in finding out what Malfoy was up to and had even followed a few times under Harrys invisibility cloak. Harry had soon found out that having your girlfriend so close underneath the cloak did not make for effective reconnoissance. They had more often been diverted into the nearest empty classroom or broom closet instead of looking for Malfoy for obvious reasons. After lunch he had potions and once again the prince's book had helped him score at top of the class. He was now also thinking about Ginny and that he would see her soon. When they returned to the common room for their empty period before dinner Harry was in a very good mood. He was sitting by one of the tables in the common room with Ron. They suddenly heard a commotion by the portrait hole and then Ginny stormed in followed by Katie Bell, Demelza Robins and several of her year mates. Harry stood up and started towards her. She looked absolutely murderous and he wondered if someone had done something to her. "Hey Gin" he started, "Whats the ma—" SLAP! He was immediately cut off when she slapped him with all her might across his face. Harry was taken aback with surprise and saw stars. "Don't you dare Gin-me!" she shrieked. "How could you Harry!?" SLAP! Harry didn't even try to raise his arms and her second slap threw his glasses off his face and he stumbled against the couch. "Ginny!" Hermione burst out looking very shocked. "Stay out of this!" Ginny screamed and she drew her want sweeping it across the room preventing anyone from interrupting. Ron looked ashen. Harry was completely bewildered, what was going on? "Ginny, what? —" SLAP! Harry fell to his knees and he hissed with the pain in his face. He felt really disorientated and he could not see properly. "Don't you dare talk to me ever again Harry!" Harry was now reaching around on the floor looking for his glasses. When he had fallen to his knees his wand had slipped out of his robes and was now laying on the floor but he had not noticed that. He saw something blurry and reached his hand towards it. Ginny saw him trying to go for his wand. "Oh no you don't, you freak!" "Expulso!" Harry was blasted back into the wall and crumpled into a pile. Ginny had turned about and stormed out of the common room. There was dead silence. "Ginny…" Harry moaned before he passed out and all went black. XXX XXX Harry had several horrible dreams most of which comprised Ginny's angry face screaming "Freak!" over and over again. He awoke several hours later feeling pain in his chest, arm and face. He moaned slightly and opened his eyes. He felt dizzy and his vision was blurry. He felt someone put his glasses on his face quite unceremoniously. He was laying in the hospital wing and Hermione was sitting in a chair by his bed. She looked very disappointed. "What, what happened?" he croaked. "Well I was rather hoping you could tell me" she said rather sternly and Harry could feel her eyes boring into him. "What do you mean?" he asked feeling very confused. "Well is it true Harry?" "Is what true?" "Katie and Demelza stayed behind and explained to me and Ron after Ginny left. They both saw you earlier today Harry." she looked sad. "What do you mean saw me? Of corse they saw me, we are in the same school!" "No they saw you. Kissing. Kissing someone else" she finished and she actually looked a bit disgusted. Harrys was absolutely gobsmacked and his mouth was open. " What? Was this some sort of sick joke?" He loved Ginny with all his heart and he would never ever even think of something like that. "What!?" he shouted out, immediately regretting it as his head still hurt quite a bit. "Yes they definitely saw you kissing a girl today out in the courtyard. It was during brake before lunch and they were discussing Quidditch tactics when they heard you talking to someone just around the corner. They were going to talk to you but when they got closer they saw that you were embracing that other girl." Harry just stared at her. This was like a nightmare. "You were saying that you loved her and that Ginny was only something to keep you entertained, that Ginny don't mean anything to you… And then you kissed her." Harry felt the monster awaken in his chest, the same monster that he had felt growling when he saw Dean kiss Ginny. "You know that is not true Hermione, I would never do such a thing" "A lot of people saw it Harry, not just Katie and Demelza. And you were away today at break, me and Ron could not find you anywhere" "I told you I was looking for Malfoy" "And who is this girl I am supposed to have been kissing? he asked now feeling as he needed as much clues as possible. "I don't know and neither did Katie or Demelza, they had never seen her before" "And does that not strike you as odd?" Harry asked looking at her with his eyebrows raised. "Well I have my doubts, mostly because this is not who you are Harry" She was interrupted by the opening of the door to the hospital wing. Professor McGonagall walked in and headed straight for Harry's bed. "Mr Potter" Professor McGonagall began. "Would you care to explain what happened earlier today in the Gryffindor common room?" "Well, I… I fell down the stairs and —" "Mr Potter" she said interrupting him and giving him her famous stern look. "Either you deserved it, or you didn't, but are trying to cover for the one who is to blame" she said raising one of her eyebrows as if she knew. Harry fell silent. "Madam Pomfrey has informed me that you have an broken arm and several broken ribs. You will need to stay the night but can return to your classes tomorrow" She turned towards Hermione "Don't stay to late Miss Granger" "No professor" Hermione answered. Professor McGonagall turned around and walked out of the hospital wing. "No one told her what happened?" Harry asked in a low voice as the doors closed. "No, but I think she knows anyway" Hermione replied. "Most think you got what you deserved and the rest really don't want Ginny's wrath after they saw what she did to you" "What about, Ron?" he asked. "Well… there is no easy way of saying this Harry but Ron is as angry with you as Ginny is" Harry felt his heart sink even more. "But I didn't do it, I swear." he said with a sigh. "Well then you have a lot of explaining to do, but for now I think it would be best if you left both Ginny and Ron alone for a while to let them calm down." "And what do you think?" he asked sounding more angry than he felt. This was the triwizard tournament all over again. "Oh Harry, I don't know. Of corse I don't think that you would do that to Ginny, but Katie and Demelza was absolutely sure it was you, and I don't think they would come up with a lie just like that. She stood up and said goodnight. As she left and the doors to the hospital wing closed, Harry was left feeling very confused. How could this have happened? Then he thought "Malfoy… but how?" XXX XXX Madam Pomfrey woke him after a night of not much sleep. She told him he would require to have his arm in a sling for a day or two as this was the same arm he once had to regrow all his bones in an it was not as easily healed as a normal arm. As Harry left the hospital wing for breakfast he felt just like in his fourth and fifth years. Hurting inside and outside, though this time not in his scar which was a small comfort, and no one believing him. The worst part was that Ginny, the love of his life thought he had been kissing another girl, that he had been unfaithful. This made him more depressed than anything and he dragged his legs towards the great hall trying to block out the stares, whispers and pointing hands as he got closer. At least he was used to this treatment before and as soon as he figured out what had really happened he could start claiming his revenge on whoever had done this to him. He sat down in an empty spot and immediately noticed that the people next to him seemed to want to put as much distance between him and them as possible. He sighed and started trying to butter his toast with one hand. He was surprised as someone sat down opposite him but when he looked up he saw Hermione. She did not say anything but it was at least a start. The morning continued much in the same way, people avoiding him and some even laughed. Harry figured that the news that he had had his arse kicked by a girl was very amusing. He thought for a moment and realized that he could have never have hurt Ginny to keep her from hurting him. Although he rather wished that she had asked him if what she had heard was actually true before attacking him. He spotted Ron at the first lesson of the day. Ron saw Harry and smirked, no doubt by the fact that Harry had bruises all over his face and his arm was still in a sling. Harry took a seat as far back in the classroom and tried to concentrate on the lesson. He was surprised when Hermione didn't choose to sit with him but she instead sat down with Lavender and Parvati. He felt more lonely than he had felt in a long time. The day passed much in the same way, he spent lunch and dinner alone and during dinner endured so much guffaws and laughter from the Slytherin table that he left without having eaten much. As he marched up to the common room he was planning on going to bed early. As he