Chapter 1: The Ball December 1930 I examined the dress that lay across my bed critically as I entered the sanctum of my boudoir. The deep green of the silk would certainly bring out my eyes, though I was skeptical about the cut's ability to maximize the curves in my figure. Still, the embroidered flowers and fashionable short sleeves were sure to distinguish me at next week's ball. The dressmaker had done a sufficient job, I concluded, turning to my mirror to scrutinize my appearance. I tucked an errant golden curl back into the ribbon from which it had escaped, my eyes sweeping my reflection for any flaw, stopping at the small red birthmark nearly invisible on my neck that my hair normally covered. An artfully loose curl subtly covered this irksome spot. Satisfied that I looked presentable enough for now, I returned downstairs to where mother was chatting with that gossip that she called a friend. "Ah, Rosalie, dear," mother called as I walked by the sitting room. "Come sit and talk with us. Gloria is telling me some very interesting news." I stifled a sigh of frustration and fixed a tight smile on my face as I entered the room, lit up in amber in the light of the setting sun. "Mrs. Landip," I said politely, nodding deeply at the toad-like woman. I was sure she had raced to our house soon after hearing the latest gossip. She positively thrived on knowing the pulse of Rochester's elite, and mother kept her well in treats and compliments in direct proportion to the information she passed along. I pictured her peering through our window shades in the evening just to pounce on the newest tidbit. "Mother, I had hoped to meet up with Shirley and Joan to search for new gloves at Montgomery's before it closes," I said quickly, hoping to avoid the endless cups of tea and mindless chatter of mother's gossipy friends. "My white ones simply won't match the new gown. And Joan's are nearly worn through at the tips! It's simply shameful!" In normal situations, throwing an acquaintance of her friend at her as a piece of news was a sure fire way of gaining an exit. Mother's face tightened, the smile growing more fixed on her face. I had miscalculated. "Of course my dear! But first come sit with us for a while," her calculated tone was light but commanding. "Give Gloria a chance to see you." Mother's tone brooked no room for a quick flight. "Of course, Mother," I replied obediently, entering and perching on the stiff Victorian chaise. I should have known that a conversation with Gloria Landip provided a matchmaking opportunity, and another time for her to assess my looks. Always calculating the value of beauty. Not that I didn't know what a boon looks could be. Of course I was the most beautiful girl in my circle of friends and beyond, forever being complimented on my golden hair, my unusually bright, violet eyes, my graceful, slim fingers, and so on. It was on my fourteenth birthday, when I had unaccountably grown into my height and filled out with the curves of a lady that I knew their power. Until then I had just been a girl, cute as a button but shy and a bit awkward. My mother petted me. My dear father brought me whatever treats I desired, a simple pout directed toward him could bring a kitten for my lap, a new fan for my hands, or flowers to grace my room. However, all that changed. Suddenly I was not cute but stunning, not a pet but a prize. It took little time for me to see that I was no longer a child. I was a ticket. A ticket to a better life for my parents. Conversations were not about how I spent time with my friends, but instead turned to how I was keeping my skin soft and luminous, the right heel height to appeal without appearing bold, and of course, how to find the right man, accomplished, wealthy, and well acquainted with those in the best circles. My beauty opened doors to the upper echelons of Rochester society and mother and father saw they could ride that knowledge to the top. Every time I walked out the door my destination and my appearance were scrutinized. I was lectured unceasingly on the importance of appearance in our society. I was provided private instruction on how to best care for my skin and glide rather than walk. My mother drilled the principles into me. The most beautiful women garnered the most powerful and rich husbands, ensuring the most comfortable life. I was born with beauty and so was expected to make the best catch. Though these new lessons were tiresome, I hardly minded. If I was to make a good marriage, I could live in luxury my whole life. I wouldn't have to do the chores that I remembered mother doing when I was young. Despite her efforts to ingratiate herself into the high society groups, she could not hide all evidence of her origin. Even in her sitting room she hid her hands behind gloves, ashamed of the impact of years of clothes washing. Mine were pale, soft, perfect. Why should I not live better than my mother, the life my beauty promised? "You do look lovely, Rosalie," Mrs Landip said warmly, as her eyes calculated the changes in my appearance. "You seem to have grown even more beautiful since I last saw you at the Ladies Society Autumn Social." "Ah, well, we do need to be careful," Mother said to Mrs. Landip conspiratorially. "Now that Rose has grown so much, we wouldn't want our precious girl to be caught up with the wrong sort." "Of course you should be careful!" Mrs. Landip replied. "Any offers I should know about?" She evaluated mothers face carefully for any reaction. "Oh, not yet," Mother said airily, waving her hand as if to ward off an unpleasant aroma. "Of course our Rosalie is not even sixteen. You would, of course, be the first to know should any eligible offers come along." "Ah, well then," Mrs. Landip sat back, mollified for the moment. Honestly , I thought, did it take so little to satisfy the woman? "Of course the worst outcome would be an inappropriate match. Now, do continue," Mother leaned in surreptitiously. "What were you saying about young Vera Summers?" "Vera?" I blurted, startled to hear the name of my best friend as the subject of this odious woman. "Why of course, my dear," Mrs. Landip smiled, a predatory glint in her eyes as she evaluated my reaction. "She was engaged just last Friday to that Carson boy, the carpenter . Can you imagine? Judy and Richard seem pleased as punch, but she's not yet seventeen! I can imagine what might be causing so hasty a matrimony. A pity it is to such a...well..." she trailed off, good manners supposedly preventing her from saying further, though her tone clearly implied her view on the couple. "Anyway," she caught her stream of conversation again. "That will be nothing like the lovely Rosalie's prospects." She smiled at me, her teeth seeming to me bared and hostile, as though gossip were a feast she would eat right through. It took all my training to keep the shock off my face. Vera! Engaged! It was true she had spoken of her admiration for Frank Carson, but I had dismissed it as a childish fantasy given his state in life. She was of the middle class, just as I was, but had enough beauty to turn a few eyes. Of course her comely deep brown hair and eyes were nothing to mine, but we contrasted each other well as we charmed the society ladies since we were fourteen. To have allowed her prospects to sink so low at such a young age after all that work was appalling. Though she was six months older than me, we had believed the world at our fingertips. I was stunned that she had acted on it when the only life she could expect was one of hard labor and minimal rewards. She could have moved in society and, with a little patience, a more appropriate match. "Rosalie?" my mother said shrilly, both her and Mrs. Landip looking at me expectantly for an answer to a question I had missed. "No, of course not, mother," I answered hurriedly, covering my silence. "I would never dream of acting in such a manner." Mother squinted at me sternly, critically evaluating whether I was telling the truth before nodding almost imperceptibly. Of course they would want me to renounce Vera entirely. She had acted in opposition to everything my mother and father expected of me, actions that would benefit them as well. The only direction my mother could see was up. Vera was now several steps down in her perception. "Very well," mother said coolly, her eyes never leaving my face. "You may go with your friends. But do ensure you have returned by supper. Six o'clock sharp." She looked pointedly at me. As if I could forget that it had been a cardinal sin since I was old enough to stand to sit down to supper at 6:01. I stood smoothly and sank into a small curtsy, bowing my head at Mrs. Landip before making a swift exit. In order to get out the door, I could not leave any room for movement, or risk being drawn into hours of discussions about my prospects while I was expected to coo with delight over every man who had a few dollars to his name. I pulled on my white kid leather gloves and did up the buttons on my deep blue coat as I pondered mother's words. How could Vera be engaged? And I the last one to know! I called to Jeffreys, our driver, to bring the car around. Minutes later, snug in the back of our Chrysler, I gazed out the window at the snow-covered streets, the small children romping in the snow to celebrate the start of their winter holiday. As I drove the short distance to Montgomery's, frustration rose within me as I considered my friend's news. While I was satisfied to know that whatever match I made would be above her level, mother would hardly allow otherwise, there was still a lurking frustration. I did not like to be outdone, and she was now the focus of conversation, the first in my group of friends to secure a fiancé while I was not yet out in society. Clutching the coat tighter to my body I shook this thought from my head. If the other girls were distracted by this news, I would simply have to try harder. After all, it should not take too much effort to allure a young man that outshone the rest. Then Vera would regret her haste and admire my choice. I would also have to guarantee that my debut events were more spectacular than the likes of anyone in Rochester had seen. Though my mother believed that such an important event could not be rushed until I had been full out in society already, I knew that she was holding on to it as an excuse to turn down ineligible suitors. However, if ladies of my society were getting engaged, I could hardly wait until I was eighteen to become eligible. I was seventeen in March and could officially start planning my debut. My mother could hardly refuse me in the knowledge that an eligible offer may slip away. I would raise the issue without delay. Now my mind turned to more important thoughts. What color kid gloves would best offset my attire? The night of the ball turned out to be cold and clear. Last night's blizzard, with snow swirling past the windows and the house creaking in protest, had worried me