Hello! Welcome to my imaginings of the development of the Cullen Family. I have started from the time that Edward returns from his rebellious years and intend to continue until it comes to a natural end! These stories are entirely my own imaginings, based on Stephanie Meyer's original stories and all canon facts. A companion piece, Perfection, follows Rosalie's human life as she moves closer to the change. As always, I would love to hear your thoughts on this story and any of your agreements/disagreements to how the characters evolve. Enjoy! Chapter 1: Homecoming December 1930 Edward I paced nervously through the living room, waiting for the voices absent in my head since I had run away from the life and family they had created. I knew they had said they would accept me back, but did I even deserve their forgiveness? Their love? Part of me wanted to bolt back out the open window through which I had climbed in their beautiful Rochester house, and try to drown the shame I felt at betraying the pure goodness of my creator. If they accepted me, I would strive to be the son they believed me to be. To atone for the horror of the crimes I had committed. But why would they accept you back? A voice in my head intruded. What have you done that they would accept you when you betrayed their trust? My stomach twisted at the thought of their rejection. It was true. There was no reason for them to want me as part of the family again after I had clearly displayed my contempt for their way of life. I would accept whatever they said. When I said my piece, I would leave, and try to live the moral life on my own, resisting the temptation of human blood. I saw an image of myself running through the Canadian wilderness alone, never sharing another hunt with the two individuals I loved, and pain shot through the place where my heart used to beat. Yes, that is what I will do, I affirmed fiercely to myself. I cannot return to the life of the avenger, for it only ended in blood and despair. As I was caught up in these thought, steeling myself for their rejection, a mental voice emerged that though I had not heard in years, I would have known even amidst the loudest city of voices. Carlisle. It's most likely nothing to worry about. My creator comforted his wife, gently dismissing her fears. You're right, I suppose Esme said to Carlisle as they drove their car back home. A vision of a beautiful young woman glaring at her in disgust faded as Carlisle gently squeezed her hand. They were coming. So close I could almost make out their voices in the raging snowstorm, my stomach twisted again. I forced myself to stop pacing and sit on the couch, my stillness belying the war going on in my head as I awaited what felt like the final judgment. To calm myself, I listened to their conversation. We'll be more cautious around her in the future , Carlisle smiled at Esme, trying to reassure her that there was no reason to fear. I noted that he had many similar experiences that had evaporated with time. Still, the feeling that they might need to leave Rochester soon echoed in his mind. But in any case he continued, dismissing the case in his mind, I wouldn't let it spoil your evening. His smile widened as he envisioned that evening. Out of habit, I grimaced at the mental images he conjured of slipping the red dress she wore from her shoulders. The taste of punch wasn't nearly as good as I remember as a girl Esme responded dryly, missing Carlisle's innuendo as her stomach protested the human drink. "Your expression was priceless! Though I can't understand why anyone would ever wish to ingest something that was colored such a shocking shade of pink" Carlisle said teasingly, his voice coming through more clearly with the engine off. A new level of panic arose as I realized they had finally reached the house. As Esme leaned in, thoughts of tickling him interrupted by the pleasure of his kiss, a new fear entered my mind. Would the first time I had seen my father and mother in four years be in a moment of passion? "Let's go inside" Esme whispered to him as they made their way out of the car. Carlisle glanced at the house in anticipation, noting the open window I had used as my entry point. "Perhaps it was a poor idea to leave a window open. There may be half a foot of snow in your kitchen by now." Esme's stomach twisted again as she remembered her baking endeavors. She slid the key into the lock of the door, opening it as she tried to block out the potent scent in her memory. "Better then the awful smell of those pies. I may never be able to look at a blueberry the same way after—" Her words cut off as both she and Carlisle smelled my scent for the first time. Shock registered in their parallel thoughts as they analyzed my smell, registering that its strength meant I was still in the vicinity. Esme moaned quietly as I felt both of their hopes rise, though tempered by disbelief. They gazed at each other, and I saw through both of their eyes, the relief and hope permeating their senses. Their mental voices spoke in accord. Edward I rose quietly, listening to their hesitant movements as they entered the house and moved toward the increasing intensity of my scent. I rose slowly, shifting from foot to foot as I stared down, willing myself to keep control of the rising intensity of emotions coursing through me. Desperation, yearning, anxiety, and just a sliver of hope. No, I would not allow myself hope. I heard them come closer, but kept my eyes on my feet. A half second passed with complete silence, as I ran through the multitudes of conversations I had had in my mind's eye in anticipation of this single moment. I steeled myself, preparing the speech I had painstakingly crafted in my travels. I raised my eyes, "Mother, Father, I—" the speech died on my lips as Esme rushed to me, enveloping me in a hug as she sobbed tearlessly. Surprised at the intensity of her relief and love, I wrapped my arms around her small form, holding desperately to not only my mother, but also to the hope I dared not indulge in, that they would take me back. "Edward, Edward," she sobbed into my chest. I hugged her back for a second more before I carefully detached myself. I would need to say my part, and give them the option of whether or not to take me back. Esme looked up at me, fear and vulnerability flicked through her eyes. Her breath caught in her through as she thought Is he going to leave again? She stepped back from my still form. I tore my eyes away from her, pain coursing through me at the thought of leaving this gentle woman again. I glanced away, composing my features as I fortified myself for the final moment that approached. I would say my piece before I collapsed into the sobbing boy I felt certain would take over at any moment. Even so, weakness overrode me. I could not look into my father's eyes. "Mother, Father. I know that over the past four years , and even before, I have given you little reason to accept me. My behavior has been abhorrent as I rejected everything you stand for, morality, perseverance, and the strongest kind of internal strength. I have done terrible things, committed crimes for which no one should receive forgiveness or clemency. While I cannot regret taking the lives of some of those I murdered," I thought with rage of the terrible thoughts of the killers I had hunted, but continued "I realized over time that there is no being on earth that can make these judgments in clear conscience and with absolute moral authority on their side." I closed my eyes, taking in a deep breath. The moment of truth. "I know that I can never gain absolution, and have sacrificed the place in your hearts for the despair that was my due after years of subsuming myself in the blood of others. Still, I had to come back and beg your forgiveness. With every fiber of my being, I am ashamed of my actions, of playing false on your faith in me and so carelessly throwing away the warmth and love of your home. I will not ask you to take me back, as I know that I can never earn your love again," as desperately as my heart may desire it, I added silently to myself. "But I did want to try to atone in some measure, to the violation of your trust, and to let you know that I will, for the rest of my existence, avoid the temptation to murder humans, and try to live the life you have created." My forced composure crumbled as sobs I had tried to contain rose in my throat and my eyes finally met my father's. He was listening intently to my words, a fierce edge to his thoughts that I couldn't quite identify and was somewhat scared to try. I spoke my next words directly to him, begging him as my body shook. "Will you forgive me?" His eyes burned golden as he swiftly crossed the room and wrapped me in a hug. "There is nothing to forgive," he choked back, his body shaking with me as I cried tearlessly into his shoulder, wrapped in a tight embrace. It was not anger or resentment that I read in his thoughts but wordless relief and fierce love. I realized he was shaking too, releasing the wound of despair that our long separation had wrought. It felt unlike any emotion I had experienced in the past four years. It felt safe. ... In the weeks since I had returned, I spent all my free time trying to make amends, in some way trying to prove that I deserved the warm, open arms with which Carlisle and Esme received me. As soon they had recovered their shock of seeing me again, they immediately employed me in activities, in unison fearful that I would take off at the slightest provocation. Carefully avoiding the topic of my time away, Esme threw herself into a redecoration of the entire stylish house in which they were staying. Even my untrained eye could detect the glorious lines of symmetry and artistic bay windows that Frank Lloyd Wright had so carefully designed. I particularly enjoyed Esme's thrill every time the house gave her new architectural design ideas that caused her to drop whatever activity was occupying her mind and rush to her sketch table, picturing a new dining room set or high angled ceiling. Aside from the home, I became her main occupation. While I would have been happy to just sit and observe, reading one of Carlisle's new medical journals or paging mindlessly through the numbing descriptions of Rochester's elite, I was instead conscripted into moving around the furniture endlessly, matching a specific shade of beige to one of three shades of green that would have been indistinguishable to the human eye, and placing new, carefully selected decorative pillows on the spotlessly clean couches. Every so often I would notice a break in her composure, a longing glance at the impeccable grand piano. They had bought it for me in the hope that I would again one day play its untouched keys. I could not bring myself back to that reminder of my former life, however. I resolved that I would master myself before I allowed the selfish pleasure and escape I