Geliran stared down at the small figure seated on the ground in bafflement. The other eight-year-olds in the beginning swordsmanship class clustered about, pointing and giggling and whispering among themselves. "My lord prince," the esquire said, though Dol Amroth custom demanded that the royal house put off their rank for training in arms, "you must participate in the exercises so that your body will grow strong and you will be able to wield a sword in defense of your people." "Nonsense." Prince Amrothos looked up from where he sat, arms crossed. This was not a tantrum, he was perfectly matter-of-fact, and his speech was as clear and concise as that of a boy with many more years than he possessed. "That is Elphir's job, and 'Chiron's, not mine. I told Father that I did not wish to do this. It takes up entirely too much of my study time. I am sorry that you are caught in the middle, Geliran, but I am not going to do this. You may as well release me so you can get on with teaching the rest." Geliran sighed. He had a gentle touch with youngsters, which was why this task had fallen to him. Other esquires thought it beneath their dignity, but he recognized that this class was the very bedrock of the education that made Swan Knights. It was almost inconceivable to him that there could be a lad in Dol Amroth who did not want to be a Swan Knight, but apparently such did exist and in the royal house too! "I cannot do that, Prince Amrothos, not without a higher authority." He gestured one of the boys over. "Go fetch Captain Andrahar." Andrahar had come and had defused the situation by simply tucking Amrothos up under his arm and removing him bodily from the list. As Imrahil's blood-brother, he could lay hands upon the young prince without fear of reprisal. Gentle hands, at least-Imrahil did not beat his children, nor permit others to do so. Now he stared at the boy across the desk from him in frustration, though there was the tiniest bit of admiration thrown in there as well. Many grown men would never dared to have defied him as Amrothos was doing. "It is time for you to begin sword training, if you are to become at all competent, 'Rothos. Your brothers began at this age and you must as well!" "I shan't," said Amrothos calmly. "I am not going to be a soldier, so it would be a waste of time. And I need all my time for my studies and experiments." "How do you know that you are not going to be a soldier? What if the Enemy invades Gondor? Will you not do your part?" Amrothos' eyes were the violet-gray of his late mother's rather than his father's storm-gray, and he had apparently inherited Nimrien's implacability as well. Once she had set her mind on something, no one in Dol Amroth could move the seemingly mild and gentle princess and that included Andrahar and her devastatingly charming husband. Her youngest son was equally unimpressed by Andrahar's attempt to guilt him. "I can do my part without being a soldier! Elphir is going to be a Swan Knight, and Erchirion is going to be a famous sea-captain. That is enough fighters from Dol Amroth. I am going to invent things. Things like signalers and faster ships and better armor and new kinds of weapons and siege towers. That is more important and will be better and more useful for us than my swinging a sword." "I will have to speak to your father and grandfather about this, 'Rothos." "Of course, Uncle Andra. Please do. But I shan't change my mind. Good afternoon." And the precocious little scamp nodded, turned on his heel and left as if he were a man two score years older. "-and he needs to start now, you know that Imri, my lord," Andrahar finished after recounting the interview to Imrahil and Adrahil. Dinner was long since over, the children had been sent upstairs and the senior members of the household, bachelor and widowers, sat in the Prince's library with brandy before a cheerful fire. Imrahil had already had a couple of glasses and his face was flushed with more than the fire's heat. But he was not drinking at the level he had directly after the Princess's death, so Andrahar was disinclined to take him to task upon the subject. Adrahil was apparently of like mind, for the Prince of Dol Amroth said nothing when his Heir filled his glass a third time. Since Nimrien's death, Imrahil could not sleep of a night if he did not get at least partially drunk. "Amrothos has never been the least interested in martial things, Andra," Prince Adrahil said mildly. "'Tis all right, truly it is. This is no fault of yours. I never expected all of my grandsons to be fighters. Sometimes it just does not work out." Adrahil had been well on the track to becoming a Swan Knight himself as a young man, when he had picked up one of the recurrent Southern fevers while on a sea voyage. It had ended his career as a warrior. "I am sure that I need not tell you that an army needs more than warriors to succeed. If 'Rothos wishes to become an engineer, then he has my blessing, and I trust that you will not think the less of him for it." A bit of a warning there, though gently put, and Andrahar took note of it. "I just assumed that all this bookishness was a phase," he admitted, "though judging from his bones, 'Rothos is not going to be a large man. He takes after his mother there." "He takes after Nimrien in more than that," Imrahil put in of a sudden, his eyes over-bright. The Princess had been the castle archivist and librarian before she married the Heir. "And I won't be Denethor, to put a racehorse in war rig. Faramir should have been let stay in his libraries and never been sent to war. I've seen what it has done to him and I won't have that happen to 'Rothos." Let off the hook, Andrahar sighed in relief. But his sense of responsibility still nagged at him. "But how will 'Rothos defend himself?" he asked almost plaintively. "You charged me with teaching your children, Imrahil-including the little princess! Even if he does not want to be a Swan Knight, I cannot let him grow up totally ignorant of arms. We all know that no matter how good your guards are, someone determined enough can always get through. He needs not to be totally helpless." The Heir gestured airily. "Oh, you will think of something. Shall we spar in the morning?" When Andrahar agreed, Imrahil sauntered off to bed, leaving the Armsmaster distracted and dismayed. "I have faith in you, Andra," Adrahil added before he too took himself off. The avowal did not comfort the captain as it ought to have. Imrahil was actually on time for the early morning sparring practice, much to Andrahar's surprise, given his drinking the night before. He was further surprised when the Heir refused to spar with swords. "We've not worked with knives for a while, Andra. Let's do that, shall we?" So they found a couple of the short wooden practice knives and worked hard for a couple of hours, until the Heir had sweated out the brandy and Andrahar felt invigorated. It was as much hand-to-hand as knife-work, bouncing and dodging, with lots of holds and lunges. They'd not worked with knives in months and Andrahar decided that he had needed the change as much as Imrahil had. "This was good," he admitted to his blood-brother when they were drinking from the water barrel after the bout. "A welcome change from the usual." He looked up appreciatively at the perfect blue arc of the sky, studded with fluffy clouds. It was an early autumn day in Dol Amroth and the weather was lovely, neither too hot nor cold. "Now if I could only figure out what to do with Amrothos, the day would be perfect." "Idiot," Imrahil said fondly, cuffed him lightly up the side of the head and walked off, toweling his sweaty hair. "I'm for a bath." Andrahar looked after him for a whole minute before the realization struck him; he cursed for two more minutes after that in three different languages. An esquire stuck his head around the corner, drawn by the noise, took one look and fled in terror. "Your father and grandfather have agreed that you do not need to learn sword-work, Amrothos," Andrahar told the young boy in his office the next afternoon. "But they also agree that you must learn some form of self-defense." He flicked his wrists and the knives in the spring-loaded wrist sheaths Imrahil had gifted him with years ago slid into his hands. Amrothos' eyes widened. "Knives are versatile," Andrahar said, flipping one suddenly and throwing it unerringly into the middle of a shield hung on the wall across the room. Amrothos jumped. "You can throw them or you can fight hand-to-hand with them. You can hide them,"-Andrahar produced in quick succession two more from his boots, one from within his tunic and another from where his hair was tied back and sent them one after another into the shield-"or you can wear them openly. And they are everywhere, ready to be taken up. Most crafts and all kitchens have knives. So if you should by chance be found weaponless, you can arm yourself. You are safe from the greatest swordsman in the world, if you can keep enough distance from him and can put a knife in his throat or eye or gut. The throwing is something that I can give you the basics of and then you can practice on your own. The hand-to-hand will take time to learn, but not so much as swordplay and it does not require the strength a sword does. Is this something that you think you could learn?" Amrothos eyed him rebelliously for a moment, but intelligent boy that he was recognized that this was as much a compromise as was going to be made for him. "Yes, Uncle Andrahar," he said meekly. By the time Amrothos was fourteen years old, he was a competent knife fighter and a wizard with the throwing blades. The former was not general knowledge, for Andrahar fitted his lessons in at odd times as a captain's busy schedule allowed, and Amrothos never spoke of them to his brothers. The latter was hard to miss, since Amrothos had a stump set up out in the garden as a target and a more proper target in his "workroom", the extra chamber Imrahil had given him for his "experiments" and the animals whose habits he liked to study. It simplified matters of hygiene, for the maids had refused en masse to clean Amrothos' room after one of them had encountered a furry spider the size of her hand that was Amrothos' prize acquisition from a southern trade ship, and that had escaped its cage. Only Imrahil's assurance that all such creatures had been eliminated from the boy's bedchamber had brought them back. Imrahil knew about the lessons, for Andrahar kept him apprised of the boy's progress and he declared himself well pleased. What surprised Andrahar as the lessons progressed was that it was Imrahil's least martial son who was actually closest to his own way of thinking about the art of war. For to Andrahar, the sword and other forms of combat were an art, and there was beauty in them beyond simply getting good enough to kill others without being killed. The honing of his own body into the finest weapon it could be was eternally interesting to him, but the subtleties were often wasted on his fellow Swan