I was trying to repair a tumbled-down place in the stone fence about the garden when Lathron found me. The holder of my father's note was a dark, blocky man as was common in these parts. He would have been an axe-man like many Lossarnach men, had he sullied his hands with anything war-like. But while he had the powerful demeanor common to some warriors, Lathron spent his time chasing gold. "Boy!" he hailed me from the back of his fine cob. I took a moment to finish setting my stone before I answered him. Not for defiance's sake, but to collect myself and steel my resolve, for I knew what he had come for. Dusting my cold, chapped hands, I straightened and endeavored to look as casual as I could. "Yes, Master Lathron?" "I've come for my money, boy." "You're early, sir. 'Tis not due till after Mettarë. " His dark eyes narrowed. "I was in the neighborhood today. I don't know when I will be back this way." "With all due respect, that's not my problem, sir. If you want your money, you'll come back after Mettarë. " Displeased, he lifted his reins. "See that you have it for me then, Idren, for if you do not, then by the contract your father signed, not only do I take the seven acres back, the farm becomes mine as well." My stomach, pinched already with hunger, contracted into an even smaller knot. "I cannot believe that Father would have agreed to such a thing!" Lathron smiled unpleasantly at the fear in my voice. He was very much a bully at heart. "Men of business do not loan money without collateral, boy. The contract was signed by your father and is filed in Lossarnach with Lord Forlong's secretary. Ride over and take a look if you do not believe me. And then sell your horse and walk home. For I will have my money." He kicked his own horse into a trot and left me cold and despairing. Just when I had thought things could get no worse, they had. 8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8 The letter was kept in the little box Mother had used for her dowry when she was a bride, and it rested upon the mantle. I couldn't decide how I felt about that-there were days when I wished she would burn it, and days I wished I could read so I could take it out and look at it again. But none of us could read, and the only time we'd heard the words of the letter was when the Guardsman from Minas Tirith brought it to us to tell us my father was dead. He was an older man, who had probably been given this unpleasant duty because he was close to retirement, but he was also a compassionate man, well-suited to his task and had willingly read to us the Captain's words. Which had described how Father had died and had also described in glowing terms the worth of his service both to the Captain and to Gondor. I imagined the Captain had to write rather a lot of those letters, if he did one for every man of his command who was killed, but the letter didn't sound like something done by rote. It sounded very sincere, which was one small comfort in what turned out to be several very bad months. We had no body to bury-Father had been laid to rest in an unmarked grave in Ithilien. And his death notice had come right at harvest time, so that we had to work through our grief. To make matters worse, the Steward had raised the taxes yet again to pay for the war, and the harvest was not good-we'd had too much rain in the early part of the year and too little in the latter. The tax time came before we'd gotten the payment that Gondor paid to the widows and children of its soldiers. And Father had taken the loan out several years before to buy seven acres of really good land adjacent to our farm. It had been a risky decision and one he'd agonized over, but with Tuilinn's birth, he had become concerned about being able to feed us all. It was one of the reasons he had become a Ranger-the enlistment bonus to men who could shoot to a certain standard and were willing to take duty in Ithilien had been enough to pay the note for two years. With so little crop to sell, in order to make both the payment of the higher tax and the loan payment, with no widow's stipend forthcoming Mother had had to sell almost all of our livestock; the hens, the two sheep, our good milk cow and the draft horse. Even so, the amount left over after the tax would not fully meet Lathron's demands, and that was if we held nothing back to feed ourselves until spring. Now we were looking at a grim holiday indeed. We had held back one chicken for our holiday supper, a scrawny hen past laying age, but she would not be much for my mother, my two sisters and myself. Needless to say, there would be none of the festive extras my father had usually found a way to provide. "We still have each other," my mother told me that night when I had told her of my encounter with Lathron. It was three days before Mettarë , and she was baking, making loaves with the last of our flour. "We will manage somehow." As I watched in disbelief, she set three smaller, round loaves aside to rise. There were symbols scratched upon them, old symbols. Father had some of the Sea-men's blood in him, but Mother was another matter. Dark brown hair and dark brown eyes spoke of her old blood, and she held to the old ways in some things. Which was all well and good most of the time, but now… "Surely you don't intend to waste the last of our flour in that old custom?" I asked incredulous. It was tradition to bake three loaves three days before Mettarë, which used to be called something else before the Sea-kings came. One for the Hunter, one for the Trickster and one for the Lord. You used the best you had to make them, and burned them with the new-returned fire. Admittedly, these were small loaves, but still… "'Tis not a waste to give the old ones their due, Idren." "We need it more!" "When you are most in need is when you mustn't scant the powers." She seemed maddeningly unaware of the full extent of our problems. "What will we do if we lose the farm, Mother? Where will we go? Lossarnach? Minas Tirith? We know nothing of cities. How will we feed ourselves without the land?" "We are not afraid of hard work, Idren. I could find work in a large house-I am a decent spinner. Silivren is old enough to go out as a maid, and Tuilenn nearly old enough. And you could work in a stables-you are good with beasts. We would get by, I am sure of it. And there's still the widow's stipend." "Which we haven't seen yet. And I'm beginning to think we won't. It's been months. I think there may have been some sort of mix-up in Minas Tirith, and we've slipped through the cracks. And we have no way of going there to tell them. If they even have the money. The Steward wouldn't have raised the taxes again if things were going well." "We also have that nice heifer Lathron sold us, my son," Mother reminded me reassuringly. "She will calve any day, and we can always sell the calf if necessary. It should fetch a fine price-that bloodline is known for its milkers." "The calf won't be ready to sell soon enough to help us, Mother, and it might not even be a cow-calf." I had discovered through the rumor mill after the purchase that the reason Lathron had given us such a good price on the valuable heifer was not generosity to a soldier's widow, but because she had been covered not by the milch bull, but by a neighbor's much larger animal. Young to have been bred in any event, I suspected the odds were good that she would die trying to birth the calf, which would probably be too large, and that we would lose both of them. Lathron probably suspected the same. But Mother did not know this, and I would not tell her. She had plenty else to be concerned about. "You worry too much, Idren. Let me do that. You are but a lad still." Mother took me in her arms then, and gave me a hug. She had lost weight over the last few months, I could clearly feel her ribs. Tuilinn was a heavy eater and Mother would tend to scant herself at supper in favor of the girls. She would have done it for me as well had I permitted it, but I was the oldest and wise to her ways. "I wish I were older or stronger, Mother. I feel so useless." Father had been a tall man, broad-shouldered and strong. I had ridden those shoulders as a lad, had watched him work the land with what seemed to me to be effortless grace. At fourteen, I was short and scrawny and despaired of coming into any sort of growth whatsoever. And I was short-sighted as well, to the point that Father had never been able to teach me to shoot, so I could not even hunt for the pot, though I had learned to set snares. Struggling to get the harvest in and do the things about the farm that needed doing, I felt an increasing sense of helplessness and despair. "Idren, you are all the help to me you need to be!" Mother protested. "You can't work any harder than you already do, lad, and I feel badly that you have no time for your friends any more. We are having some bad times now, but I am sure that things will be better next year, even if we do lose the farm. You must have hope that it will be so." I nodded, and said that I would, but in truth that was just to reassure her. Our problems were too serious for one lad to address. They needed a man. 8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8 They arrived the very next day, two days before Mettarë, as dusk deepened into full dark. I was just finishing splitting some wood for the night and turned and saw them, three men in Ranger uniforms dismounting from their horses at our front door. For a moment, my heart leapt into my throat, for I thought that one of them might be my father returned. But the oldest, stockiest man of the three proved to be shorter than Father had been once he dismounted, and the other two were too young. Then I thought, still hopeful, that perhaps they had come to tell us that there had been a mistake, that Father had simply been wounded and was in the Houses of Healing. But the oldest man's first words put that fancy to flight as well. "We seek Sedryn, the widow of Ranger Tarian, lad. Is this the right farm?" "Yes, sir," I replied, trying to stifle my disappointment. "My mother is within, fixing supper. Who may I say is calling?" "I am Lieutenant Mablung, and these are Rangers Lorend and Hethlin. We have brought something for your mother." "The stipend, sir?" I asked hopefully. Lieutenant Mablung shot a quick look at his fellows. "Not exactly." "I will go fetch her, sir." But Mother, having heard the horses, was already at the door when I turned. "What may I do for you, good Rangers?" she asked. "You are welcome to stay the night if you have