March 24, 3019 Many are the rituals Men use to warn Death away the night before a battle, Prince Imrahil of Dol Amroth reflected, as he paced the outer perimeter of the camp. There were eerie voices echoing through the night outside of the camp; some beastlike, others that might have been men once or in part. The noises unnerved the soldiers who were trying to sleep within the ring of encircling watch-fires, and dampened any enthusiasm for drink or games of chance that others were indulging in. The air was still and chill. Laughter and song fell flat and joyless in such an atmosphere. Half-obscured by the fog and fume, the crescent moon shone with a sickly pallor, but no stars could be seen. The land upon which the Army of the West camped this night had been occupied by evil for so long that an aura of corruption seemed to exude from every grain of gritty soil. That corruption pressed upon Imrahil's senses. He wondered idly what he would see here if he tried to actively use his gift of foresight, but was not much inclined to succumb to the temptation. His dreams of late had been troubled and confused, half doom-laden, half hopeful. He suspected that the Army of the West stood upon a cusp of events and that fate could fall evenly either way. And his visions were seldom specific enough to be useful in any event. He was of more worth to the king as an advisor than a prophet. As he walked, he lifted his head from time to time, wishing in vain for a clean breeze from the West to blow the murk away. There was an acrid taint to the air that parched the mouth. Mail and helm had been left back at his tent, for he was weary of the weight. He knew all too well about the scolding that awaited him when his sworn brother discovered his carelessness. And perhaps he was tempting fate, though whatever it was that circled the camp seemed more inclined to howl than attack, and Swansong was in its accustomed place at his side. A White Horse banner hung limp and lifeless upon a tall pole in the center of the Rohirrim encampment. Peering through the spaces between the tents, Imrahil could see a great many Riders clustered about the large central campfire. Éomer was enthroned there in his heavy carven chair, and a song was being sung. A lament for fallen warriors, it went better in this place than most songs might. Drink was being passed from hand to hand, and for a moment he thought about joining the Rohirrim for a bit. Éomer would welcome me. He got on surprisingly well with the young king of Rohan; perhaps because they were very different personalities. No. Éomer might indeed welcome me, but I would still be an intruder. This night is for them. So instead, he made his way past the Rohirrim, to where the sable and silver of Gondor graced the men sitting about the campfires. He was not their rightful liege lord, but as the last unwounded kinsman of the late Steward the authority was his for a time to command them, and they had followed where he and Aragorn had led without complaint. His own habit the night before a battle was to see to his men, and so he spent some time moving from fire to fire, speaking to the soldiers, sharing a drink or a jest, assuring himself that they were as well-fed and comfortable as they could be here on the Enemy's doorstep, humbled all over again by their courage. Any who would have quailed at this journey had already left the army, tasked by Aragorn with the re-taking of Cair Andros. The men who remained had weathered the retreat from Osgiliath, the siege, the battle on the Pelennor, and now walked open-eyed into a trap, hoping that their sacrifice would insure the survival of their loved ones. Imrahil saved his Swan Knights for last-the men he'd grown up and trained with, the younger men he'd helped train himself. Little speech was required among such comrades-in-arms; some fond reminiscences and good wishes sufficed, and the rest of the time was spent in silent companionship, staring into the fire. Eventually, he forced himself to return to his tent, that he might at least try to find a little rest. There, he found Elphir busily writing at his traveling desk; and Andrahar sharpening his blades. The rasp of that whetstone had been Imrahil's accompaniment upon many a night before battle, and he found the noise comforting rather than annoying. "Who are you writing to?" he asked his son as he entered. "Mariel?" "No. Alphros," came Elphir's response, as he scribed intently without lifting his head. A chill ran through the Prince. Andrahar's whetstone stopped, and silence fell. After a moment, Elphir looked up. "I shall tear it up tomorrow evening." His voice was calm, and after a moment both his father and honorary uncle nodded. Andrahar resumed his sharpening. An esquire, his face pale and weary, peeked into the tent. "My lord prince, I have some hot water for you, if you wish to wash. Not enough for a bath, but enough to sponge the dirt away." Clean water was a valued commodity in this place, and to use even such a small amount for bathing, even if one were a prince, was perhaps an indulgence. But Imrahil was a fastidious man, and grateful for the opportunity. "Thank you. Have you enough that you could bring some for Prince Elphir and the Commander as well?" "We have already had ours, Imrahil," Andrahar interjected. "We are fresh as the proverbial flowers-as is your armor , since you left it here and your esquire took advantage of the opportunity to clean it. I am sure that having brightly polished armor to wear into your grave would have been a consolation, had something out there had arms to shoot with as well as a mouth to screech with!" His irritation was palpable, and a far cry from his usual pre-battle calm. "Peace, Andra," the Prince responded. "All is well, at least for now. I suspect the Enemy cannot be troubled with us tonight. Not when we intend to march so conveniently into his grasp tomorrow." A couple of murmured commands were made to the esquire, one of them being that the young man should try to get some sleep, then Imrahil was stepping behind the screen that had been set up around the washstand, and stripping his soiled clothing off. Goosebumps rose upon his flesh as the chilly air touched his skin. Hot water and towels were quickly delivered, and also, to his amusement, a bar of Andrahar's famous and long-coveted soap. "Aha! So I finally get to use some of this?" "Well, it is a special occasion," came the grudging reply, before the whetstone took up its task again. The last night of our lives, in all likelihood, the Prince thought, as he began to wash. I suppose it is special enough, at that. Looking down at his body, he found it fit, and not uncomely for a man of his years, and suddenly had to fight back the surge of sickening awareness that came upon even the most experienced soldiers from time to time, of what swords and axes, spears and arrows could do to that body in the course of battle. He had no desire to end a corpse upon a charnel pile, or a troll's main course for supper. As he washed, he tried to suppress the queasy feeling, and by the time he was done through force of long habit had pretty much succeeded. After the cat-bath, Imrahil decided to get dressed once more, both for warmth and to expedite matters in the morning. As he came back out into the main part of the tent Elphir was folding and sealing his letter, and Andrahar, having finished his sword, was now working upon his knives. The Armsmaster looked up as he came out and paused once more in his work, frowning slightly. After a moment, he laid aside knife and whetstone, got up and came over to Imrahil, staring at his shirt. "Of all the white shirts you've inflicted upon me over the years, I remember this one particularly well. I thought you had put it away for safe-keeping." "I had. I took it out of storage to bring with me when we rode to Minas Tirith." Elphir rose as well and came over to examine the garment. His eyebrows flew up in surprise. "I remember Mother making that for you! It took her the better part of a winter to do it, those swans gave her so much trouble." The shirt was a linen arming shirt, of a weight appropriate for a garment that would get hard use, but the cuffs and collar opening were bound in a finer linen that was embroidered with an exquisite border design of pairs of swans with their necks entwined together. "Indeed they did," Imrahil said with a reminiscent smile. "T'was as close as I ever saw her come to cursing. But the result is beautiful, is it not?" "She told me once it was the only way she could make war beautiful," Nimrien's son said softly. The prince looked lovingly at his firstborn, the son everyone said resembled him the most. But Imrahil could see very clearly traces of his late wife about the eyes and corners of the mouth, and in the unruly, slightly curly hair, not quite so dark as his own. "Indeed it is. As beautiful as were the other things she made for me…and with me." He gathered his son into his arms suddenly and clasped him close. "I apologize, Elphir, for bringing you with me into this. I should have sent you home to Dol Amroth." The Heir to Dol Amroth shook his head against his father's shoulder. "I would not have gone. It is my place to be here, with you." "But if things are to end, it would have been better for you to be with Mariel and Alphros." Elphir gave him a hard squeeze, then released him. " Everyone here has left loved ones behind, Father. You would have shamed me had you granted me special favor because of my position. By oath, you were bound to bring all of your Swan Knights to Minas Tirith, and I am a Swan Knight. I had to come. And once here, the need was too great for me to return. Besides, your children would not have left you alone in this-we all decided that among ourselves long ago. You had need of the soldier, not the sailor or the scholar, so it fell to me to accompany you. Mariel understands, as do my brothers and sister." Resigned humor twinkled in the Prince's eyes. "Was I to have no say in the matter at all then?" "No. No more than about whether Uncle Andra would be with you or not." There came a snort from the Armsmaster, and Imrahil shook his head ruefully. "Well, if I have no choice, then I can see that we'd both better look after each other tomorrow. For if we were to fall, and 'Chiron had to come ashore to become the Prince, he would never forgive either of us." "Indeed not!" Elphir laughed, and his father was glad to hear the genuine mirth in his voice. Andrahar reached out and lifted Imrahil's wrist, examining the cuff on the shirt once more. "My mother used to do such fine work. The last shirt she made me was not unlike this one, save that it was a dress shirt, and there were little tigers rather than swans. So-you would have your lady with you on the morrow, at least in spirit?" "I would." "Perhaps she will bring you good fortune." There