A birthday present for Altariel, who had requested Imrahil's first visit to Faramir's house in Emyn Arnen. A certain former Ranger got invited along as well. "It is hardly Dol Amroth," I said to my uncle with not a little trepidation. But Imrahil, clad in blue hunting leathers, dismounted from Caerith, looked about the courtyard of Emyn Arnen and smiled. "Why would it be? Dol Amroth is an old city. You are building something new here." He glanced up the hill, at the ruins of the old house. "I see why you put it down here. You've got a lovely vantage and view." Then he gave the walls a critical look. "And you've given some thought to defense." Relieved at his response, I admitted, "Unfortunately, that is still necessary. Though again, this is not Dol Amroth, and it was not built with a prolonged siege in mind." My uncle's city, founded upon promontory bedrock, most astonishingly held a freshwater spring in its depths and water reservoirs and massive store rooms carved by our Numenorean ancestors out of that very rock. Had the Corsairs come ashore, Dol Amroth could have pulled her people into the citadel and held out for a long time, perhaps even years. Emyn Arnen was not quite so fortunate, though she possessed cisterns and a good well. Hethlin appeared beside us suddenly, holding her hand out for the Prince's reins. "Shall I take Caerith, sir?" She and Liahan had escorted the Prince, while a couple of Beregond's picked men provided the same service for me. Imrahil handed the reins over, giving her a warm smile. She smiled back and nodded. "My lord." Glancing over at me, the smile became a grin and she nodded again. "Captain," she said, totally ignoring more recent honors. Then she led Caerith off into the stables, her new white belt gleaming bright as her snowy head. Liahan lingered for a moment. "You and Hethlin are officially relieved once the horses are seen to, Captain," Imrahil said. "We'll leave it in the White Company's hands until we depart." Liahan bowed. "Very well, my lord." He then led his horse and Hethlin's stallion Fortune off. "What would you like to see first, Uncle?" I asked. "The gardens, which I will admit are still a work in progress, or the rest of the house?" Imrahil looked about for a moment, then glanced back up the hill. "Would you mind if we went up there first, Faramir? I'd like to look at the house and grounds from above." "If you don't mind the hike after our ride, then of course." We set off through the south gate and took the path up the hill. It was a fairly steep path, but both of us lived in cities founded on peaks and spent a fair bit of time walking uphill as a matter of course. In addition, my uncle rarely missed a day of sparring practice, with Andrahar as often as not and Andrahar never gave him any quarter. His stride as we went was as long and fluid as a man a third of his age and he had enough wind left over as we went to chat with me about some trivial details of the recent councils in Minas Tirith. The fact that my uncle had not yet seen Emyn Arnen had been a convenient excuse to escape those very same meetings. Aragorn, rather tired of them himself, had been only too glad to conspire with us, for without our presence it was not possible for the Council to meet. And in truth, tempers had become so short over the last couple of weeks that a break of a day or two would probably benefit everyone involved and make future meetings more productive. Although I did wonder if there hadn't been another royal conspiracy besides our obvious one. Éowyn had remained in Minas Tirith due to some request of the Queen's and it shamed me to find that the prospect of time alone in my uncle's company was rather a relief. Had the King intended me to consult with my uncle about my current marital difficulties or was he just giving the two of us time to reflect? Not that conversing with Uncle was ever a hardship. Indeed, the ride from Minas Tirith had been an extremely pleasant one. The weather had been beautiful, a perfect, cool, clear fall day and while the Prince of Dol Amroth was not Cousin Amrothos' equal where scholarly matters were concerned, he was interested in a broad range of subjects and could converse knowledgeably on most of them. I trusted my uncle enough to confide my innermost thoughts as I did with no other man living. Yet there was one thing that stood between the two of us that I had not broached yet. Now, as we finally reached the ruined walls of the old house and looked down over Emyn Arnen and further down to the Anduin valley, the Prince exclaimed in pleasure over the view, his hair lifting in the breeze. And watching him, I felt a pang of shame, for Uncle had held the City during the siege when I was unable to. He had ridden to the Black Gate when I was still recovering. When against all odds he had survived and could be enjoying his grandchild and the one to come in Dol Amroth, when he could be romantically pursuing my former Ranger, he was instead riding to Dale, once more in my stead, and all because I could not bring myself to touch a sword. This man had loved me as another son, had accepted me and supported me always. The thought of him falling in battle far to the north and knowing that I was to blame was almost too painful to contemplate. "I can see the plan of the house now. It seems very well laid out to me, Faramir," he was saying, that most charming smile of his manifesting itself once more. I gathered my courage. This was not what I'd brought the Prince to Emyn Arnen for, but it had to be said. "Uncle, I'm sorry." "What was that, Faramir?" "I owe you an apology." Imrahil turned to me, obviously baffled by the change of subject. "Whatever for?" "That I've left you once again to do my job for me because I can't bring myself to pick up a sword. I am the one who should be going to Dale." Comprehension washed over my uncle's features. "Ah. I see." He reached into his belt pouch and pulled out the silver swanship-graven flask that always traveled with him. Uncapping it, he took a swig and handed it to me. As might be expected, it was filled with extremely good brandy, as I discovered when I took a drink in turn. I handed it back The Prince took another sip before capping it and putting it away once more. "There's nothing to be sorry for, Faramir," he said matter-of-factly. "And as for it being your job, it actually isn't." Startled, I said, "I beg your pardon?" "It's not your job! You're the Steward of Gondor. The house of Mardil no longer rules Gondor. The Steward's job is once again to maintain the realm in the King's absence . It's not to ride to war. And even when your house were the Ruling Stewards that did not always equate with actually fighting. I will point out to you that while your father did indeed lead men into battle when he was the Heir, once he became Steward he ceased to do so-as did your grandfather Ecthelion. By staying here, you're not shirking your duty, you're doing it!" "I am one of the only two Princes of the realm, Aragorn's chiefest vassals." "That is true. And I am the other. And you are going to stay here and mind the domestic matters and I am going to go and help with the military ones." Imrahil shrugged. "Equal division of labor." "Hardly equal! I do not risk death minding the domestic matters!" The Prince attempted to look sober and thoughtful, but I knew that gleam in his eye. "I don't know… Some of Aragorn's Council members…death from boredom or frustration seems very likely to me!" "Uncle, please be serious! You've done so much. You deserve a rest." He waggled a finger at me. " You did much as well. And Aragorn. And Éomer. And Elphir. And Chiron And Andra. And the rest of Gondor's and Dol Amroth's and Rohan's armies and navies. We all want and deserve a rest-well, all of us except for Éomer and some of the Rohirrim! But this needs to be done." The Prince grinned suddenly, his eyes sparkling. "Unless what you mean to imply is that I'm too old to be riding forth and should leave it to younger men. Whereupon I will remind you that Aragorn has more than two decades on me!" Despite the nagging feeling of guilt, I could not help but laugh. "No, I would never imply anything of the kind, Uncle!" "Good to know. And at the risk of offending you, I'm the most logical choice to accompany the King. Aside from the fact that I don't have a wife and small children to leave behind, I simply have much more experience in command and diplomacy than you do, Faramir. Not to mention much more experience in finding my way around foreign countries." Remembering my uncle's voyages to Khand and Harad in his youth, I admitted, "I had not considered that." "I didn't think you had. Too busy flogging yourself over this." It seemed useless to deny it. The man knew me too well. "I just don't…I don't want to lose you too, Uncle." "Oh, lad." The sea-grey eyes were suddenly intent upon me. "I know that what happened on the way to Lorien must be preying upon your mind, but I can't promise to come back. You know that. I can promise to do everything I can to make sure I'll come back, and that I do. And unlike Lorien, this time I'll have Andra with me. Not to mention many of my best knights." "And Hethlin." "And Hethlin. Whom I will also look after for you." Grateful for an opening to change the distressing subject, I asked, "Are you ever going to do anything about that, by the way?" Uncle grimaced. "It is as I said before. Not until after Dale. And not even then, unless Hethlin gives me some indication that she would find it welcome. She is currently under my command. It would not be appropriate." "I hate to point this out, Uncle, but time is fleeting. When exactly is it going to be appropriate?" "That's a very good question," Imrahil sighed, "for which I have no answer at present. The other aspect to this is that we are going north. And considerably east as well, but we will be closer to Rivendell. I wouldn't be at all surprised if Elrohir didn't show up." "Do you want Hethlin to chose him?" "I want her to have whomsoever her heart wishes for her to have! And while it is true that Elrohir might very well end by nursing her in her old age, that is a choice that he is more than capable of making. As well as enduring the other consequences of his actions. He is more than an Age old, after all." A rather self-deprecating smile ghosted over my uncle's lips. "She would have more time with him than me in any event. A better quality of time as well, in all likelihood. I would not have her possibly waste a decade or more of her life nursing an old man." I cast my eyes down for a moment. My uncle's openness about his vulnerabilities was a relatively new-found thing in our relationship, and it was a welcome one. It said that we'd finally moved beyond a parent-child relationship