Author's Note--As this story progresses, readers of Captain My Captain may find that there are certain discrepencies. This is intentional, and somewhat unavoidable--in the more than a year's time since I started Captain, my writing style has changed (hopefully for the better!), and my perceptions about what happened to Hethlin have changed somewhat as well. It is my intention to go back and revise Captain once it is finished to bring both stories into agreement with each other. In most cases, there will be minor changes to details only, but when I started this story, I suddenly realized I had made a big mistake in Captain, which should become obvious in Chapter Two. See if you can catch it then. ***************** May, 3015 The Ithilien Rangers waited in the pre-dawn darkness, hunkered low in the scrub and brush between water's edge and the woods behind. Word had come from Cair Andros that large orc patrols had been crossing the River upon rafts, headed possibly into Anorien, and even perhaps down river to spy upon Minas Tirith itself. Such boldness did not please their Captain, for it told him that the Enemy was planning a major offensive, and in any event, did not fear the opposition as he should. And as the Captain was the opposition, he was inclined to take the incursion a bit personally. Now one such patrol was said to be heading back towards the Black Gate, and he intended to teach them proper respect. The occasional soft owl-hoot told him of the disposition of his men, scattered to either side of himself and his lieutenant. All was in readiness, there was naught to do but wait, and he moved slowly to ease a sudden cramp in his leg without making a rustle or other betraying sound. He knew that he was in the proper place, for one of his men had swum almost all the way across the River the previous evening, and spied out the thick patch of rushes wherein the orcs' rafts were tethered. They would try to cross the Anduin above Cair Andros, and go through the barren lands to the north and east of Ithilien proper, making their way to the Morannon. "Taking their time, aren't they?" Mablung whispered, lips right next to his ear. Faramir nodded, knowing the lieutenant could feel the movement. "Near dawn, Captain," he added. "Don't think they're coming today. Going to hole up on the other bank." "Bide a bit longer, Mablung," came the equally soft reply. "If they do not come, we'll go down to Cair and get clean." The lieutenant nodded in his turn. Faramir laid his head upon his folded arms and fought sleep. The sky began to lighten, and grow pink. Eventually, Anor peeked an orange rim above the horizon. Birdsong began. And across the River came a clot of shadow moved down the bank, something white in the midst of it. Foul, guttural voices echoed across the water. The orcs were unaware of the presence of the Rangers, or even they could have been quieter. There was splashing as they began push their rafts out into the water. "Tell the men to wait," Faramir commanded Mablung, still in a whisper. "We do not want to let the vermin to know that we are here till they are in the middle of the River." The lieutenant sent out the bird call that meant "wait", and a few moments later there were acknowledgments from either side. Faramir shifted, and checked that his bow was near to hand. He wondered why the orcs had chosen to move in the growing light--there was no real military presence in Anorien, so they were not being pursued by Gondorian troops. Perhaps it was simply that they had come this far and decided that it would be safer to den on the east bank of the River. If that were the case, he thought grimly, then they were soon going to find that they were mistaken. His stomach tightened into the familiar knot he always felt before combat, and he could sense the tension that lay over the waiting Rangers. The enemy's choosing to move in the growing light was a rare piece of luck for him. He had anticipated having to fight them hand to hand in the dark that they favored. Now, hopefully, this would be a shooting battle and they could kill most of the orcs on the River. That would certainly lessen the possibility of casualties. It took a long time to make a good Ranger, and Faramir was always careful of his mens' lives. The light began to grow, and disgruntled Black Speech echoed across the water as the orcs clumsily used both poles and oars in an effort to steer their unwieldy craft across the River without being caught by the current. Good boatmen they were not, Faramir thought grimly, but so much the better. He predicted they'd lose as many to the River as to his Rangers' arrows. He waited patiently, till they were somewhat past midstream with no chance of turning back. He wanted them close enough to be within reasonable bow range, but not so close that a large number would survive to come ashore in mass and attack his men hand-to-hand. Then he sounded the "attack" bird call himself. Arrows began to arc out of the Rangers' hiding places, falling in a hissing rain of death upon the rafts. Disgruntlement turned to panic, dismay and fury. As he had expected, a couple of orcs simply fell into the River, dragged down by the weight of their crude armor to drown without a sound. He could hear the voice of their captain, bellowing orders and threats. A couple of their own bowmen had the presence of mind to begin shooting back, but their crude short bows did not have the range of the Rangers' long bows, and the arrows fell harmlessly into the water. Mablung looked over at his captain, and grinned wickedly, before turning back to shoot once more. They had timed things perfectly, and it was going to be a slaughter. The orc captain realized this as well, and shouted new orders. The orcs started paddling in the opposite direction feverishly, but their numbers were being winnowed further every moment. The Rangers of Ithilien were the best bowmen in Gondor. As far as they were concerned, they were the best bowmen anywhere, and they shot as men who were convinced of that. As the deadly barrage continued, the orcs panicked. On the center raft, the one containing the white figure, there was a commotion, and a blur of white as whoever the person was was propelled into the river. "Poor wretch!" Mablung growled, never ceasing to shoot. He whistled a cautionary signal to the Rangers, that none of them might try some sort of foolhardy rescue. While he was sympathetic to the captive's plight, the odds were good that the orcs had slit their hostage's throat before throwing him away. Faramir gave him an approving nod, then loosed another arrow himself. The two men were realists, and saw no profit in risking live men to rescue a dead one. The orcs were now down to one in four of their original number, and the Rangers were shooting furiously, hoping to finish them off. Anborn, arguably the company's best archer, was standing in water over his knees, arcing his shots over the water, picking off the orcs that were in the farthest raft. That one eventually capsized, spilling its cargo into the middle of the river. Then it collided with the one behind it, and several more orcs fell into the water. Eventually, the rest were finished off as well. Not a single orc lived to reach the western bank, and not a single Ranger had received so much as a scratch. From Captain Faramir's viewpoint, the day was turning out to be fine indeed. Lowering his bow, Faramir shaded his eyes against the brightening morning light, and looked out over the River. He scanned the opposite bank for several moments, but could find nothing moving, then turned his attention to the River. Of the three orc rafts, two drifted upright, burdened with dead bodies, the other floated upside down. And the body of their hostage was still floating where the orcs, armored, had sunk, he could see the white of the shirt or garment the unfortunate had been wearing. He was just pondering whether it would be feasible to retrieve it for burial, or leave it for the detachment at Cair Andros to deal with (for they had boats) when he thought he saw a movement. Blinking in disbelief, he looked again--only to see first one arm, then another flail in a feeble attempt at swimming. "Valar, he's alive!" he exclaimed. Mablung, who had been checking amongst the Rangers for injuries, turned back to him. "Sir?" "Their hostage. They didn't slit his throat! He's alive!" Mablung looked in his turn, and whistled. "Who would have thought?" He looked back at his captain, to find that Faramir had already dropped his sword belt, and was unlacing his jerkin. "Captain, don't! There may be archers at the water's edge!" The jerkin was discarded, and the shirt pulled over his head. "Even if there are, their arrows won't reach so far. He's mid-river. Stop fussing, Mablung!" The shirt fell, and he sat to remove his boots and stockings. Rangers were gathering, murmuring with interest as they watched their captain. "I'll go get him, Captain. You shouldn't trouble yourself." The boots and stockings were discarded, and Faramir stood, clad only in breeches. "I've seen you swim, Mablung. I've no desire to pull two people out of the river." Ignoring his lieutenant's offended glare, he took five swift strides towards the water's edge, and launched himself in a graceful, flat dive. He hit the water, and without a moment's pause, began to stroke strongly towards the victim, who was starting to drift downstream. Summers spent as a boy at Dol Amroth, diving from low cliffs and braving the sea with its sometimes treacherous undertows, made the Anduin seem tame as a duck pond in comparison. He liked to swim, and he was good at it; the one physical feat that even his peerless athlete brother Boromir had to admit his superiority in. Though his concern for the hostage drove him on, he was enjoying the feeling of stroking easily through the water. The Anduin was broad here, it took more time than he would have liked to reach the hostage, even being the strong swimmer that he was, and when he was nearly there he saw an arm thrown up and the victim go under at last. He sucked in a breath, and swiftly dove, seeking with squinted eyes for the figure sinking beneath the sunshot green water. Not too far under, he found it, the pale arms still trying to claw feebly for the surface. But even as he finally seized one of the wriggling limbs and kicked upward, its struggles ceased. He prayed that he was not too late. Breaking the surface of the water, he hauled the victim's head up and wrapped a arm under its arms. The distinctive feel of a pair of small breasts startled him, and he looked down at the pale face. The black hair which surrounded it was only shoulder length, and that was what had made him think she was a lad upon his first dim viewing of her. Water was trickling out of her nose, and after a moment she began to choke and cough, to his great relief. He could hear the cheers of his men, for they had discerned that he had been successful in retrieving her. One-handed he began to stroke for shore, not worrying about the current carrying him downstream a bit, for he knew that the Rangers would meet him, and indeed, they were following him down the bank.