Lithe, 2974 Adrahil, Prince of Dol Amroth, stood by the window of his office, looking out over a lovely view of his city falling away below him to the shore of the Sea and sighed. He had spent most of the afternoon with Ornendil, his Armsmaster, discussing the progress of the various esquires under Ornendil's care. Many of those esquires were scions of noble houses, submitting themselves to the will of the Lord of Belfalas to acquire what was widely regarded as the finest military education in Gondor. Others of them were soldiers who had served in humbler capacities in the army or navy of Dol Amroth, given this untoward opportunity to rise because of proven courage in battle. The current subject of conversation between the two men was neither. "So….what of Andrahar? You have not spoken of him yet," the Prince asked quietly. "Is there some reason you have saved him for last?" Ornendil got up from the desk where rested the records of his students' progress and stretched, then frowned at his lord. "I told you from the start that I did not think the Swan Knights were the place for him, my lord prince, and you forced him upon me nonetheless. It little avails me to complain of him, for you will give me as short a shrift now as you did then." Adrahil turned and gave the captain a severe look. "I will indeed, until you come up with a complaint that has basis in anything other than your prejudice about Andrahar's origins. Are his scholarly subjects in arrears?" "Nay, my lord," the captain admitted reluctantly. "He does not care for bookish things, but he does apply himself, and he has maintained sufficient progress in those areas. The young Prince has somewhat to do with that, I think." "It is good that Imrahil has troubled to help him. My son is uncommonly indolent in other matters bearing upon his responsibilities." The Lord of Dol Amroth strolled over to the desk and started leafing through the reports. "How are Andrahar's martial skills? Is he making sufficient progress there as well?" "More than sufficient," Ornendil was forced to concede after a moment. "His mounted work is of a decent standard and is steadily improving, and as for his blade work on foot--he is that rarest of things, a true natural. I should not like to face him myself in a serious fight." Adrahil cocked an eyebrow at that. "Then if his scholarly and martial studies are keeping pace with his classmates, what exactly are your objections?" "My lord, I fear his influence upon the young Prince. They are together all the time, and Andrahar's life as a street-rat in Umbar gives him knowledge of ….vices and perversions that I do not think you wish the Prince to be experiencing." The Prince of Dol Amroth smiled, put the reports down, and moved to his other window, which overlooked the inner courtyard. Cheerful young voices floated up to the open casement. Midyear's Day was the day after tomorrow, and the esquires were enjoying the rare freedom of a holiday week. The sun was falling towards the horizon, and a cluster of esquires in festival finery were making their way towards the gate and out into the town for a night of revelry. Two in particular caught Adrahil's eye--his only son, debonair in wine-red brocade, his arms about the shoulders of two of his companions, head tipped back in laughter; and behind him, his faithful shadow, clad still in esquire's livery for he did not trouble himself to acquire festive clothing, blue-black hair gleaming in the sun. Sober and silent and watchful, his hands never far from the hilts of his blades. Andrahar of Umbar. Houseless bastard, and former thief and boy-whore. "I think it is more likely that Imrahil would corrupt Andrahar than the other way around, Ornendil," the Prince replied mildly. "Andrahar owes my son a blood-debt, and his folk take that very seriously. He will do nothing to harm Imrahil. No, matters will stay as they are for the time being, and if Andrahar achieves the appropriate marks in all of his work, you will promote him with the others." "As you wish, my lord prince," Ornendil said, his reluctance and unhappiness very apparent. ************ Imrahil's shadow, they called him. And sometimes, Imrahil's dog, though generally not to his face--to do so could prove dangerous. The other esquires among the Swan Knights did not understand that Andrahar's blood-oath to Imrahil required that he accompany him almost everywhere. They thought that he sought to curry favor by doing so, and since he cared less than nothing for what they thought, he did not trouble to defend himself. He kept his silence and his place, which meant that quite often he found himself following his lord to destinations and activities which he himself did not enjoy. Like now. Plays were of no particular interest to Andrahar. He could not understand his Prince's fascination with them, unless it was a love of the unattainable. There had been no players allowed in Dol Amroth for five years, since Imrahil had tried to run away from home with a troupe at the age of fourteen. So the Heir's enthusiasm knew no bounds when it was announced that his father had finally relaxed the restriction, and that there would be players in the city for the Midyear festivities. He had immediately made plans for an evening with his friends that was to start with a theatrical performance and end with performances of a different sort at the Fairweather, his favorite brothel. Needless to say, Andrahar had been invited along. That did not please all of Imrahil's noble friends, but he would have insisted upon accompanying the Heir even had he not been invited. Imrahil on the prowl was prone to trouble of the most drastic sort and required a great deal of looking after. The evening started innocuously enough. Several esquires had decided to accompany the Prince to the evening's entertainment, Imrahil's promise to share the bounty of the Fairweather being almost as strong an incentive as the prestige of being seen in his company. Valyon and Golasgil, who were heirs to their fathers' holdings in Belfalas and Anfalas had come, as well as Barador, Casveyllin, Elethil and Peloren, who were young men of good family, if not of as exalted birth as the first two. They all walked down into Gate Town, chatting and laughing, and found the players set up in the marketplace. Some rough bleachers were arranged in a semi-circle about the stage, and chairs had been set upon them. For the less well-off, there was standing room within the semi-circle. Imrahil went to pay admittance for everyone, and suggested that they take the standing space rather than the seats. "We will be all the closer, and see and hear better," he said coaxingly. "I don't want to stand here all night, highness!" Golasgil complained. "How long is this play supposed to be?" "I am not certain. Not more than a couple of hours, though," the Heir replied. "My lord, you should take the seats," Andrahar said. "The standing space is not safe. T'would be too easy for someone to work close in the crowd and harm you." "Can you not relax just this once, Andra?" Imrahil asked, grinning. "I invited you to come with us tonight as my friend, not my bodyguard." "And it is not your place to dictate to the Prince what he may or may not do in any event!" snapped Valyon. "I am not dictating, Valyon," Andrahar said quietly. "But the Prince is not a common person, and may not risk himself as such folk do." "Besides, Valyon, why are you arguing? You do not want to stand any more than the rest of us do!" declared Golasgil. "He gets ideas above his station, the Southron does!" growled Valyon. Then, turning to Andrahar, "And it is 'Lord Valyon' to you!" "No, it is not," the young Haradrim replied calmly. "We are all of us esquires, and Prince Adrahil said that we were to treat each other as equals. So I need not call you or any other esquire 'lord', save for Imrahil." "You're not really supposed to call me 'lord' either," Imrahil reminded him with a grin. Andrahar gave him a look of long-suffering patience that seemed to imply there would be no moving him upon this matter. The young Prince laughed. "Very well then, I bow to the majority opinion. Seats it is." And he purchased their tickets, whereupon they all made their way up into the stands. ************ The play, which was entitled Kin-strife, was quite enjoyable. Though obviously written to appeal to the masses, with all sorts of duels, romances, battles and death scenes, the poetry was actually passable. The rather gruesome death of Ornendil son of Eldacar, for whom the esquires' own Armsmaster was named, provided the fodder for many a snickered joke amongst the esquires, and even Andrahar unbent enough to make muttered comments about the believability of the swordplay--until the Heir elbowed him in the ribs. Eldacar was played by an extremely handsome and graceful young man with golden hair, who quite captivated Imrahil. "He is very good in the part, do you not think so, Andra?" he whispered. "I fear that I am no judge of such things, my lord," came the disinterested reply. Imrahil cocked an eyebrow at him and chuckled. "Well, I intend to have a word with him afterwards, and tell him how much I enjoyed the performance. Artists appreciate that sort of thing." "It would be a princely thing to do, my lord," Andrahar agreed, all the while wondering if that was Imrahil's only intention. The Heir's fascination with acting and the theater had not lessened in the least during Prince Adrahil's ban on players. Andrahar suspected that Imrahil's real aim was to prolong his theatrical experience and to feel more of a participant, not to merely express royal approval. But so long as Andrahar was allowed to accompany him and guard his back, the esquire would not object. Thus the party of fledgling Swan Knights eventually found themselves in the little backstage area behind the players' wagons, watching as the Heir talked meter and verse with the actors. The young lead's name was Falastir, and he and Imrahil hit it off immediately, both quoting poetry and plays at each other, said quotes being interspersed with much laughter. This went on for almost an hour before the other esquires grew restive and bored enough to dare the Heir's displeasure. "Imrahil, the night is wearing on," Valyon reminded the Prince as testily as he dared, having been given the position of spokesman because of his rank. There were murmurs of agreement from his fellows. "The Fairweather awaits. Can you not come speak to them some more tomorrow?" "Father and Mother made me promise to spend some time with them tomorrow. It was their condition for allowing me out tonight," the Heir replied, "and I very much doubt they will let me come to the play again. It took an awful lot to persuade Father to let me do it this once." "Your father mislikes the theater?" Falastir inquired curiously. Imrahil shrugged. "It is a long story." He looked thoughtful for a moment, then handed a small silver key inscribed with a sigil over to Valyon. The other esquires craned their necks to see it. Excited murmurs arose. There you are, Valyon," the young Prince said, "that's my Fairweather token. You are right--I've kept you all cooling your heels too long. Why don't the rest of you go on and get started? With my key, you can have whomever you like. I'll follow in a bit." Andrahar leaned against one of the brightly painted caravans, arms crossed, and gave the Heir a glare. Imrahil grinned. "I meant to say we'll follow in a bit." "I think you