The day after Mettarë , Andrahar of Umbar sat in the Great Hall of Dol Amroth deep in thought. The holiday garlands still remained and would for another week, but all traces of the feasting and revelry that had taken place the night before were gone. Everything was scrubbed and tidy once more, the household long accustomed to upholding Imrahil's finicky standards even when the Prince himself was not present. Only the tables remained, and it was at one end of the high table that Andrahar now sat, deep in speculative thought. The assassin was…right about there, her back to Hethlin. 'Chiron on her left side, Elphir and Mariel and 'Rothos to her front. Hethlin was sitting here in a dress, half-asleep from what she said. A moment to realize that she recognized the voice, another to see the knife, and she was up and over the table. He moved then himself, up and out of the chair, which fell backwards with a crash to the floor, and launched himself over the table, his spurred boots marring the polished surface as they touched momentarily before he found himself on his feet upon the other side. "My lord!" exclaimed the butler, who was carrying cloths to start setting the table for dinner, his expression shocked. Andrahar threw a cursory glance at the table. "It will polish out," he said loftily, then departed before the man could protest further, heading for his office, where he could reasonably expect some peace and quiet since the esquires were all out reveling upon the town. There he seated himself behind the desk, glanced cursorily at the pile of requisitions and the other, eternal paperwork that was his lot as Commander and Armsmaster, dismissed what was there as business that could wait for later and lost himself in musing once more. I told Hethlin she was fast enough, but she was more than swift. And not only in action, but in judgment. As for me…there was a time when I would have considered any stranger who approached the Prince's family as a potential threat, be they man or woman. I should not have accepted the Khandian's story at face value. I have failed, and I must tell Imrahil of my failure. The lady esquire, who certainly had no cause whatsoever to love him, had been gracious in her triumph. Still sporting the black eye he had given her, there had been no gloating, no smug satisfaction. " It is fortunate that Master Andrahar had given me instruction on how to look for wrist sheaths and such but a month ago, or I might have been too late," she had said, and there had even been something that might have been sympathy in her gaze as she had looked at him. She at least had realized his failure and what it meant to him, though he had heard as yet no word of censure from any of Imrahil's sons. The world was very much awry this day, and he did not know what to do about it. This confused state of affairs had been in the making for some time-ever since the girl had come to Dol Amroth. No, more accurately, ever since Imrahil had ridden forth to Lorien without Andrahar, in the company of the girl and a couple of almost-Elves. King Elessar Telcontar had not given him leave to go with Imrahil, another black mark against the man, though Andrahar arguably might indeed have found it difficult to conduct himself with proper decorum in a kingdom full of Elves. Imrahil, however, had no such difficulty, and he had very much wanted the errand, though whether it was because he was eager to explore his Elven heritage or eager to spend time in Hethlin's company was debatable. He had refused to listen to Andrahar's arguments, as stubborn and willful as he'd not been since his youth, and had ridden forth to nearly get himself killed. And when he had returned, he was a changed man. Nearly two decades had gone by since Nimrien's passing, and Andrahar had come to believe that Imrahil would never love another woman, though there had been a time immediately after her death when the Prince had actively sought another wife. And Andrahar had been very comfortable with that situation, which made him Imrahil's closest companion and undisputed confidant. When the Armsmaster had considered the possibility of Imrahil wedding again, it was always a widow of Imrahil's own age that he had envisaged, someone placid who would be happy to settle into a feminine orbit that would content Imrahil but not overly intrude upon the Armsmaster's relationship with his oath-brother. Never had he imagined the possibility that the Prince of Dol Amroth, staid and settled and venerable, would fixate upon a girl young enough to be his granddaughter. A surly, mule-stubborn, not particularly attractive upstart girl who, as a warrior, would intrude upon all aspects of Andrahar's comradeship with Imrahil. And the King, intentionally or not, had exacerbated the situation by forcing Imrahil to take Hethlin in fealty as an esquire. For Imrahil realized that there was no way that Hethlin could properly train as a Swan Knight if it became known that she held his favor. And he was having difficulty maintaining his equanimity in her presence since he'd proposed marriage and been refused. So he had told Andrahar that he would be remaining in Minas Tirith for the next couple of years, until the girl's training was over. Andrahar had not wanted to take her as a pupil in the first place, and the separation from his oath-brother pleased him even less, for training Hethlin might have been easier or more bearable had he had Imrahil to consult. He had no idea of how to properly train a woman, how to overcome her disadvantage of strength. Fortunately, Hethlin was a large enough girl that size was not the issue it might have been with most women. But still, she presented difficulties and they were difficulties that Andrahar must overcome. He had to train her to a Swan Knight standard, and perhaps even beyond it, for she was Imrahil's beloved, and if she were to fall in battle, it might crush Imrahil beyond any hope of recovery. I could do nothing to save Nimrien for him. But Hethlin's success as a warrior, and her survival, is ultimately my responsibility. Hethlin had not helped matters either by her initial waffling over whether to accept the King's dictate or go north to her kin. Andrahar had been doubly offended by Aragorn's pre-emption of the Armsmaster's right to select Swan Knight candidates and Hethlin's perception of the King's demand as a punishment, when many a man would have found their nomination to esquire status as the fulfillment of a cherished dream. And he had admittedly made her initial training as brutal as possible in the hopes that she would regret her decision and give up and go away. Go away all the way, to the North, out of the Swan Knights and out of Imrahil's life… He had warned her that he would be harder upon her than upon the male esquires, and he had certainly kept his word, though the expenditure of extra time and effort upon her had wearied him enormously. To the girl's credit however, once she had made up her mind, she had been tenacious, enduring whatever he had thrown at her without complaint, as well as suffering the petty pranks inflicted upon her by her fellow esquires. Andrahar had known of the harassment, for he knew everything the esquires did, but had not intervened, for he felt that if Hethlin were ever to succeed as a commander of men, gaining their respect was a hurdle she would face time and time again and best she learn how to do it now. Though things had escalated of late, and he might have no choice but to step in soon. Sensing that Andrahar did not wish her among them, it was possible that the esquires might do something that would cause her actual harm, and that must not be allowed. It is time to accept that she is here to stay and find a way to encourage the esquires to accept her. Whether he liked it or not, he was going to have to rein in his obvious dislike of the girl. Allowing her into the regular classes was the first step, and he had already taken that. How to proceed from there was the puzzling part, and he was mulling over that when there came a knock at the door. "Enter," he said, somewhat irritated at the intrusion, but the irritation vanished the next moment when Brand stuck his head in the door. "Sir? I was looking for you. It's getting late. Are we going to eat here or go home?" "Home," said Andrahar, savoring the word. "Mistress Alfirin is doing supper for us this evening. A quiet night at home will be a good thing after last night, don't you think? I was just going over a few things, lad, but I'm done now. Let's be off." He rose and slung his cloak over his shoulders, then left the office. Brand fell in beside him with a shy smile and Andrahar marveled again at the pure pleasure simply looking upon the boy gave him. A tiny bit of guilt nagged at him, that he'd not written to Imrahil or Faramir about the lad yet, but he forced it back. Surely there is no harm in keeping him to myself just a bit longer. Surely I am owed that much? For Faramir may very well want him in Minas Tirith once he knows, and I'd not see Brand very much at all were he there. No more than I ever saw his father… The feeling of contentment he got from having the boy about was not something Andrahar was willing to relinquish any time soon, and he listened indulgently as Brand prattled on about his day, which had apparently been spent down in the warehouse district by the docks. One of Imrahil's pages was the son of one of Belfalas' premier merchant families, a social coup for them to say the least, and he had taken to Brand. So they'd spent the day in the warehouses watching the ships being unloaded, and examining the exotic wares of Gondor's luxury trade. "There were tiger skins, sir! Great big ones! And Mumak horns!" Much more in this vein followed as they crossed the courtyard, went through the palace gate and walked down to the house. There they found Mistress Alfirin had their supper ready, and she set it upon the table while they washed up. After she departed, they sat to their meat and Andrahar was able to forget his concerns about the girl for a time-until Brand brought her to his attention once more. For having discussed his day in depth, the boy was now ready to revisit the previous evening and all its excitement. Hethlin and her deed figured rather prominently in his account, and Andrahar, listening, realized that Brand might very well have a bit of a crush upon the lady esquire. "And then she punched her, and punched her again…Do you think Lady Hethlin knew the knife was poisoned, sir? Because if she did, it was a very brave thing to do! I asked Prince Amrothos about it and he said the poison would drop you stone dead just like that if you got the merest scratch!" "I think that she may have suspected the blade was poisoned, yes, Brand. But there was no way of knowing how deadly it was. You are right, though-it was an extremely brave thing to do." He addressed himself to his meat once more, hoping to discourage the tide of Hethlin-praise, but Brand was not done yet. "And to do that after coming off of a battle! You must think she's good,