Ithilien, F.A.25 "I do not like to lose, Faramir." Aragorn smiled wryly."Particularly twice over." Faramir's guest had just retired. "And while I am certainly sympathetic to Lord Raksandhar's plight, how do you propose to move the council on this matter?" " I do not propose to move the council at all, my lord. But I know someone who might." It took but a moment for the king to discern of whom his steward spoke. "He has argued the matter before, to no avail." "I think…that perhaps things might be different now." Faramir's hands moved swiftly over the chess board, erasing the king's most recent defeat by preparing it for yet another contest. "Indeed. Given recent events, he may no longer be of the same mind as we two, and he has cause." Aragorn sighed. "Though it would be good to hear anything from him at all, even if it were that he disagreed with us. I miss him. Too long has he been absent from our counsels." "He would come if you were to ask him, Sire." "Or if you did, Faramir. But I do not feel that I have the right to disturb him." "He would say otherwise, and you know it." "That may be so, but it still seems…unkind." "And what of Raksandhar's people? Is not what is happening to them unkind?" The king threw up his hand, conceding one battle with a rueful shake of the head as he sat down to another at the chessboard. "Shall I write to him then?" Faramir pressed gently. "Do so. In both our names. For if we must trouble his peace, we will do it together." 8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8 Minas Tirith, F.A.25 The Anduin had run red in the dawn, but now glittered silver under the morning sun. Within the king's council chamber, Gondor's great lords gathered to debate once more on the opening day of the summer session. The windows were open to catch any errant breezes, and the weather was pleasant rather than hot as was usual at this time of year. A fine day, and the lords were restless, imagining the other pleasurable pastimes they could have been enjoying. The bell tolled the hour, and the King entered the room, his Steward in his wake. "This Council of the twenty-fifth year in the reign of King Elessar Telcontar is called to order," Faramir intoned as he and the king moved to their places at the head of the table, Faramir upon the king's right hand. "Please be seated, my lords." With much rustling and murmuring, Gondor's elite did so, eyes turned towards the seat at the king's left hand which was reserved for the Prince of Dol Amroth, and was still empty. "I saw Prince Elphir just yesterday and spoke to him down in the market," Forald of Lossarnach said. "Perhaps we should send to his house." "'Tis not like him to be tardy for such things," Galugil of Anfalas remarked. "I hope that nothing has befallen him." "Are we to begin then, or wait upon the prince's pleasure?" Daerlath of Morthond asked querulously. "The rest of us are here." "I suppose we will begin," the king said, "for my steward does like things done in a timely manner." He smiled at Faramir, seeming not much vexed at the prince's absence, though the other lords, knowing all too well by now how the king worked, were glad enough that they had been punctual. One or two cast glances down the table towards Brandmir, who simply grinned and shrugged his shoulders. He seemed to know nothing of the matter, despite the Swan Knight's white belt circling his narrow waist. "Captain, have you heard-" Daerlath started to ask. The door opened. Eyes moved to where the Lord of Waters stood in the doorway, tall and sere. Grey-eyed, his hair steel and silver, clad in robes of a fabulous brocade of waves in various shades of blue and grey, Dol Amroth's circlet of sapphire and pearl upon his head, Imrahil of Dol Amroth surveyed his fellow council members for the first time in two years. "My lord king, my lord steward, my lords," he said quietly. "I apologize for my late arrival, but the wind was against us and it was oar-work the last third of the way up the river." "We had not yet begun and you are well come in any event, Imrahil." The king's voice was warm. Imrahil inclined his head in regal acknowledgement, then glided smoothly to his chair and sat down. Startled murmuring broke out momentarily, then was quelled when Faramir raised the rod of his office. "If we can begin, my lords…" he said, and they did. 8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8 Having made the effort to bestir himself to come out of mourning, Imrahil of Dol Amroth did not seem much inclined to be any more active than that. He said nothing unless directly addressed by King or Steward and sat with chin resting on steepled fingers, listening attentively as the morning wore on, seemingly unaware of the glances that were sent his way. And the same held true when they reconvened after the lunch hour-until the king once more broached the subject of tariff reduction to the subjugated lands. "Sire, how many more times must we go over this ground!" Hirlind of Pinnath Gelin exclaimed, and disgruntled mutters arose in agreement. "As many times as it takes to get it through your thick skulls that you are wrong ," came the Prince of Dol Amroth's voice at last. "Therefore, it will undoubtedly be on the Council agenda until the Fifth Age!" Heads turned, startled, at both his entrance into the debate and the ire with which he had done so, but he paid them no heed, looking instead to Aragorn. "Sire, have I your permission to address the Council?" The king gestured gracefully. "Please, my lord prince." Imrahil rose to his feet. He was still a tall man, it did not seem that age had shrunken him yet, though his nephew thought he'd gotten a bit spare over the last couple of years. "Many, many years ago, when I was a young man, and most of you here were not yet born, or were little more than babes in arms, I went with my father Adrahil to Pelargir, to make treaty with the Haradrim, for such was our custom in those days." Here Imrahil glanced over at his nephew. Inexplicably, Faramir muttered something that sounded like ' See fishie', causing both Aragorn and Forald, who was seated on Faramir's right, to stare at the Steward in bafflement. Imrahil, however, actually smiled, the first smile that had crossed his face that day, before he continued. "The treaty was re-negotiated every five years, and the tariffs had been raised by both parties the previous two negotiations. Denethor was wanting to either raise them again or maintain them at that ruinously high level. And I say ruinous because our trading houses were beginning to fail, for they found the tariffs upon the other side to be stifling their business. I told Denethor then what I tell you now, that to raise taxes, or maintain them at this high level, is to lessen the trade of both goods and ideas between countries, and makes misunderstanding and war all the more likely." Protests broke out at once. "These are not taxes!" Daerlath exclaimed heatedly. "They are reparation for the damage done our lands and livelihood! They are weregild for my two older brothers, slain on the Pelennor, and for all those others lost!" He looked to the Lord of Lossarnach for support. "Forald's father was hewn by axes!" Some murmurs of agreement arose, though Forald himself looked uncomfortable. "I know perfectly well what happened to Lord Forlong-I was trying to cut my way through trolls and Variags to get to him when it happened!" said Imrahil. "And I met your brothers, Daerlath, and knew them to be brave young men of the highest quality! But you and Forald are hardly the only people in Gondor or on the other side, to lose loved ones in that conflict." "'Tis easy enough for you to sympathize with the enemy, my lord prince! I note that your family is still intact." Something changed behind Imrahil's eyes then, something that made the Council shift uneasily and Daerlath shrink back a little. The Prince drew himself up, and as if in answer to an unspoken summons, a breeze blew through the open windows, lifting his hair. But his voice, when he spoke again, was quiet. "My lord, are you implying that Dol Amroth has been laggard in her duty to the realm? Because though my family is known for its visionaries, I am reasonably sure that I did not dream commanding this city when it was besieged by the Enemy, my first-born son at my side, while my other son sought to winnow the Corsairs down in the Bay of Belfalas. And I am also sure that I did not imagine myself and Elphir fighting on the Pelennor, and at the Black Gate. I seem to recollect having been at Dale as well, and divers other places over the years. That we were more fortunate than many, I do not deny. But we did our part, and I dare anyone present to contest that!" "If they do, they may contest with me , my lord!" Brandmir interjected, all his good humor gone, his eyes grey ice. Several lords gave the younger man uneasy looks. The day after his foster-father had fallen in battle, Brandmir had taken up Andrahar's Mahiran scimitar and done such damage upon the insurgents that he had almost single-handedly brought about an end to the conflict as well as winning himself a place in local legend as an object of fear and terror. More than one of the oldest veterans there had been reminded of his father Boromir-another warrior who was most amiable in manner everywhere but on the battlefield. The Prince inclined his head in gracious acknowledgment to his great-nephew, then continued. "I dare you to tell Elphir or Erchirion that they shirked their duty, Daerlath. But you will not, for not only have you not the stomach for it, you have no ground to do so. And my family has in fact suffered a loss. Two years ago, in southern Harad, I lost my blood brother in a battle we should not have been fighting at all. But those who acknowledge the king's authority there had not the means to defend themselves, due to this policy of ours. So honor demanded that he send men to protect them. Andrahar and I were both fourscore and eight at the time, we'd both been fighting in Gondor's defense for over three score of those years, and we could have stayed home by our hearths with no one thinking the worst of us. But we could still wield arms and the king had need of soldiers to enforce his writ, so we went. And so Andra died. And it may be, Daerlath, that age is indeed dimming my memory, but I don't recollect seeing Morthond there. Or upon any other battlefield since you have come to manhood." Imrahil paused for a moment to regard his opponent dispassionately. Absolute silence fell over the table. Daerlath flushed with anger or embarrassment, but looked down at his folded hands and did not respond. The Prince stared at him a moment longer, then turned his attention back to the council. "I have fought for Gondor for over sixty years. My sons have been battling all their adult lives, and now my grandson and great-nephew find themselves doing so. I have the right to ask that my great-grandsons be spared the necessity of fighting and to ask as well that this kingdom enact policies that will encourage peace among those men of good will who wish for it." "'Men of good will'? Among the Haradrim?" Forald asked. "You know they exist,