When Percy Jackson was seven years old his mom told him that they were moving from Richmond, Virginia to New York City. It was bittersweet, because he couldn't wait to be away from his ex-stepdad, and he'd seen all the movies so he knew how cool New York was, but leaving Richmond ment leaving Annabeth Chase, his best friend in the whole world and probably in every other world too. She was actually pretty much his only friend, but that was just because he never needed another friend. He had Annabeth, and Annabeth had him, and they liked it like that, thank you very much. It hurt, when he told her. He'd been trying not to cry, because his mom asked him to try and be "a really big strong boy about this, okay?", and he wanted to, but when Annabeth sat next to him after she hung up her coat and got her school folder his eyes started to sting. And because no one in the history of ever had ever pulled a fast one on Annabeth (except maybe his mom, who could in fact do anything) she knew something was wrong. "You okay, Percy?" Her head tilted a little to the side and her hair was in pigtails, which she hated but her dad loved. Her eyebrows were smushed together and her eyes looked like the color of the giant storm clouds that gave Percy nightmares. She was probably confused because it was a Friday, and Percy was never sad on Fridays. He decided the best way to do it was like a bandaid. "I'm moving to New York." Annabeth, his best friend Annabeth, turned so that she was looking down at the desk, and didn't say anything. Percy frowned, more than just a little hurt, but as soon as he opened his mouth to speak, Ms. Kerr started talking and he didn't want to have to sit out of recess. Halfway through Morning Math (which Percy didn't like at all , especially because they were doing fractions) Annabeth moved her chair just a tiny bit to the left, away from him. He didn't think that she realized that he knew that she had just done that, but it had hurt a lot more than breaking his arm the year before had. He tried so hard to be super strong like his mom asked him to be, but by lunchtime he had already let a solitary tear start to fall before he had hastily wiped it away. He thought that maybe he'd get to talk to her at lunch, but by the time a Totally Spies lunchbox was tucked under his arm, Annabeth was already sitting at a different table with no more chairs. It was even worse than that time she had the flu and was out for three whole days. Instead of going over to an empty table, Percy took a deep breath and walked over to a table of boys that he saw aat swimming class sometimes at the YMCA near his house. They looked at him when he pulled out a chair, but didn't say anything, which Percy really appreciated. He opened his lunchbox and thought that maybe this lunch wouldn't be so bad because his mom had cut the crusts off his sandwich and had it arranged in four small triangles instead of two big ones. He had lemonade Capri Sun, a pudding pack, and a Go-Gurt that was probably for after school, but Percy knew he was probably going to eat it before his pudding. Just as he had taken a bite of his super yummy sandwich, one of boys (Percy thought his name was something like Darren or Dylan or something) said, "Hey, what's on your lunchbox?" Percy looked down at his blue (his mom had almost gotten the pink one) Totally Spies lunchbox and said "Um, it's a TV show. They're in high school, but they're also super spies." Totally Spies was Annabeth's favorite show, and he had gotten his to match her green one, which had her favorite character, Sam, all over it. Percy didn't think it was as cool as something like The Amanda Show, or Tom and Jerry, but the lunchbox was really cool, plus Annabeth had looked super happy when he came to school with it, so it was worth it. Percy's jarred out of his thoughts when he realizes that Derek had been saying something else. "...girl show, or something?" Damian frowned and ate a piece of asparagus, which was so gross that Percy had to look away. "I mean," Percy said as he swallowed his latest bite of sandwich, "It's a show about girls, but it's also about guys?" Percy frowned, and then said, "I'm pretty sure it's a girl and guy show." Dion didn't say anything after that, but he shared a look with one of his friends that had Percy not saying anything for the rest of lunch. Percy thought he might get his chance at recess, but he forgot that he couldn't go to recess because Ms. Kerr caught him splashing some jerk that said Annabeth was brainy-pants like it was a bad thing. He should've just talked to her earlier, but he didn't, so he sat in the classroom with Mr. Amer, who smelled like prune juice, and did nothing for a half an hour. By the time the class wandered back in, their cheeks pink with the chill autumn air and panting a little bit from running around, Percy was feeling so twitchy he was sure he could catch a fly between two of his fingers. Annabeth sat on the other side of the room, and Percy cried on the way home, even though he had managed to save his Go-Gurt. His mom helped him pack things into boxes, and gave him tons of hugs because she knew he was down about Annabeth. His mom's really cool and super smart and she said that Annabeth was probably just upset that he was leaving and didn't know quite how to deal with it yet. So Percy Jackson packed his clothes and toys and pictures into four different boxes and was completely unaware of the small blonde girl who had stopped her bike and turned around a block from his house. When the phone rings at four in the morning on a Sunday, Percy is more upset about the dream it interrupted than the fact that it's a Sunday and four in the morning. He had been eating ice cream with Annabeth, whose hair was in a messy ponytail and she had been laughing, and all of his acne was gone- But then his phone rings, and the sharp and persistent trill of his generic ringtone is enough to make him force a hand from the warmth of his comforter and blindly around his bedside table for it. His shitty flip phone is cold against his cheek and he rests it on his face so he can put his hand back in the warm comforter where it belongs. "Yeah?" "Percy?" Suddenly, reality is even better than his dream. "Hey, Annabeth. What's up?" "I forgot how weird San Francisco is. Pretty, but weird ." "Right, right," Percy mumbled rolling onto his stomach and putting the phone on speaker. "You just got in. How was your flight?" "It was alright, the usual mostly. The guy next to be had a pretty bad drinking problem, most likely because he had just lost a custody battle with his ex-wife, but the food was better than usual." Percy can see her smirk from three thousand miles away and asks the question that she wants him to. "And how did you know that?" "Oh, there were clues about his person." Suddenly her usual mix of Virginia and California is replaced by an atrocious British accent. "You know how I am, Percy dearest." He lets himself laugh just a little bit. "So you've gone back to Sherlocking strangers, wonderful -" "Oh, shut up -" "What can you say about me , Ms. Holmes?" "That's Mr. Holmes to you, Watson-" He opens his mouth with a question, but- "Jude Law, Percy, it was Jude Law-" " Oh -" "And I have to be able to see you for it to work, but since you sent me that glorious video of the man yodeling to his baby yesterday I will try anyway." "Impress me, Annabeth. This is your moment." "Okay, by saying that you're implying that I've never impressed you before, which is false, but I'm gonna say that I woke you up with my phone call-" "Wow, call the press, not like it's four in the morning or anything-" "And that you had swim practice yesterday afternoon, but none later today, so you're going to third-wheel with Jason and Piper at the skate park." Percy closes his eyes and can't fight a stupidly wide smile off his face. "Well, screw me sideways with a chainsaw." "No thanks, relationships are stupid." "You don't think relationships are stupid, you think I'm stupid." "Well, yeah-" " Hey ! You're supposed to disagree, you know." "The first step in any relationship is honestly, Perce. And trust. So, you should trust me to be honest with you." "So we are in a relationship? I didn't know you felt that way about me." "Oh, don't be a Seaweed Brain. You know how I feel about," She paused dramatically before saying in a deep voice, " romance ." He sighs and hugs his pillow a little tighter before deciding to ignore that 'witty banter' that they've been going along with. "You just need to find the right person-" "Percy-" "No, really, I don't think you should be so against dating if you've never tried it. Anyone would be lucky to date you." " Duh , that's not the issue. Nobody else can match up to moi -" "I'm serious, Annabeth. When's a better time to really talk about this than four in the morning when we're literally the only ones on the planet awake?" "You're so wrong I can't even put it into words for you-" "Please? We don't have to talk about you, we can talk about me, okay? 'Cause I've been feeling weird lately. About dating stuff." Percy shifts onto his back, snuggling deep into his sheets, hoping the fortress that kept monsters out for so many years won't fall short for him now. When Annabeth speaks again, her voice is softer and Percy doesn't feel like he needs his covers so much. "What's up, Perce?" "Well, like," He pauses, wishing now more than ever that he had a way with words like Annabeth always did. "You know how I've, um, never, like-" "Never kissed anyone?" She gently prompted. "Yeah. Yeah, that. I like- ugh , sorry, I don't know how to say this because I'm already confused about it? It's hard to explain how you're confused." "It's okay, Seaweed Brain. I'm not going anywhere." Her voice, like always, is soft and comforting, and Percy lets his mouth speak before his brain of seaweed can stop it. "I think I like boys?" There is silence, but silence is exactly what Percy doesn't want, so he keeps talking. "I mean, I know I like girls too, because, like...actually, I don't know why-" A lie, that's a total lie, "but I do, but I kind of stare at pretty boys? And sometimes, when I go to McDonalds with Piper she has to order for me because I get nervous if the guy at the cash register is too cute." Percy holds his hands over his face and holds his breath tight in his lungs and holds back the tears that will fall if Annabeth hangs up and he holds onto the last slip of sanity he will ever have if Annabeth hangs up and he reaches over and holds onto the phone like it's the only thing keeping him tethered to the Earth. "So, you're bisexual?"