Percy Jackson was raised in south Queens. He grew up like any other kid, playing with Pokémon cards and setting leaves on fire with a magnifying glass. He was pretty happy, for a kid who lived in south Queens. He didn't have a problem with where he lived. It was all he'd ever known; don't stay out past dark, don't ever wear red clothing, and if somebody without a gun hits you, well, you hit them back harder. By the time he was seventeen, he was in a gang. It's not like he was a gangster, though. Well, he sort of was, but it never felt like he was really in a gang. He just liked to hang out with his friends, and sometimes his friends spray painted words he wouldn't say in front of his mom onto subway platforms. His mom never knew. He certainly wasn't going to tell her. It wasn't like he was beating people up or robbing corner stores or dumb shit like that. They called themselves the Demigods, had matching tattoos, and they wore their pants too low. Percy thinks the name came from Carlos, who always said that he looked like he was part God. Before he was eighteen, he smoked and got hammered at least two nights a week. Things started to get weird. This new guy, Danny, who had an intense tattoo sleeve, showed up to Carlos's shitty apartment all twitchy and it freaked Percy the fuck out. He avoided him for most of the night, listening to some guy from Spanish Harlem talk about how his cousin blew up a car by accident, but then Danny wandered over and started invading his personal space. His breath smelt really heavily of vodka, and he whispered, "Man, you got any snow?" Percy's vision was already starting to blur just a little bit, but he still knew that he didn't want to be at that party anymore. His buddy Mark got convicted of raping a girl from the city three months after he turned nineteen. Everybody was quiet for a couple nights and then groaned about not having Marky 'round no more. He was the life of a party, after all. So, Percy stopped showing up to their hangouts. He trashed his shitty phone and bought an equally shitty one with a different number. He started chewing gum. He got a couple of belts. He cut his hair, and stopped wearing so many baseball hats. And yet, he was a nineteen year old who had been kicked out of two different high schools and barely managed to get his diploma. He was still living with his mom, who worked two jobs and always mentioned how proud of him she was. Proud of what? Percy had a couple of gigs cleaning out his neighbors yards, because they remembered that sweet little boy who'd had Band-Aids wrapped around his arms instead of tattoos. And then, on his way home from picking up some groceries for his mom, he heard someone call, "Percy? Percy Jackson?" He turned, his hand slipping towards the switchblade in his pocket, but only faced a scrawny guy with a Rasta-Cap rammed on top of a huge mass of curly brown hair. "Grover? Dude, what's up?" Percy took his hand out of his pocket and wrapped it around Grover's shoulders in a half hug. "How you doin', bro?" "I'm good, I'm good. I actually just started up at BC." He grinned and scratched at his wispy goatee. "No shit." Percy grinned, happy that his awkward childhood friend had found his groove. Brooklyn College wasn't exactly, like, where Albert Einstein's went, but it was better than nothing. "Yeah, yeah. I've, um-" Grover blushed. "I've actually, uh, I've got a girl." Percy laughed a little breathlessly. "No shit. Congrats, man." "Yeah, she's, uh, she's pretty great. Into that environment stuff like I am, so. Anyway, how are you? I heard you were taking a break to help your mom out." "Yeah," Percy nodded, feeling like a complete dick. "I've been taking what I can get, you know? Mowing a lawn here, painting someone's living room there. It's not much, but what'cha gonna do, right?" "Mmm. Actually, you know what?" Grover grinned. "I've been working at this diner to pull in some cash for the rent for me and Juniper's—that's my girl—apartment. They're looking for another waiter." Percy felt a little breathless. "Dude, seriously?" The grocery bag was cutting off circulation in his fingers, so he switched hands. "That's-that's amazing. Where is it? Do I need experience or something?" "Well," Grover frowned and pulled his hat a bit farther down his forehead. "I'm pretty sure the owner, Chiron, will take you with my shining recommendation." He smiled, and pulled out an iPhone. "Give me your number so I can text you the address 'n stuff." I coughed, and my face suddenly felt uncomfortably hot. "Actually, you're gonna have to call me. My phone doesn't text." "Huh? What kind of phone do you have?" "It's not that it can't- it's just that with, you know, the way things are right now-" "Oh." Grover cut him off softly. "Hey, man, don't worry about it. Just give me your number and I'll call you tonight." "Yeah," Percy said, thankful that he hadn't made it a big deal. "Yeah, that'd be cool." Percy Jackson walked home that night smiling, feeling better than he had in years. Olympic Diner was sandwiched between a shabby drug store and sketchy looking Laundromat in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. It wasn't the best neighborhood, but it was better than where Percy lived. To say that he was nervous for his interview would be a massive understatement. Like, what was he even supposed to say at an interview for a spot as a waiter? He pushed the door, and felt like an idiot when his dyslexic brain caught up with his body and processed that the door said pull. Yeah, it's not like first impressions matter or anything. The door squeaked a bit as he opened it, and a twenty-something guy with blonde hair and very light blue eyes looked up. "Table for one?" "Uh, no, actually. I'm Percy Jackson." Percy stuck out his hand. "Grover told me about a job opening you had?" The blonde guy smiled and shook his hand. "Oh, yeah, Grover said you'd be coming in today. I'm Jason. Chiron's in the back—I'll take you." Percy smiled and took a deep breath. He absentmindedly pushed his palm against the hair that was sticking up around his forehead, hoping to magically get it into some sort of order before he met Chiron. Jason led him past the swinging double doors and through the kitchen, bumping his fist with a scrawny looking Hispanic guy on the way. It smelt like fries, and Percy was suddenly very aware of the fact that he hadn't eaten yet today. "He's right through there." Jason smiled and pointed to a door in the back. Percy nodded and managed to says, "Thanks, man." Without sounding like he was about to pass out. Percy sighed and ran a hand through his hair, ruining whatever order he had halfheartedly pulled it into. He raised his hand to knock, and saw the edge of a tattoo from where he had pushed up the sleeves of his shirt. He tugged them down again, suddenly feeling self-conscious. Did Chiron have a thing against gang-guys? His diner was in Greenpoint, he probably wasn't a stranger to a couple guys with tattoos. Still, he gripped the hem of his sleeve against his palm, impossibly nervous. Percy steeled his nerves and quickly knocked three times on the door. He heard a faint It's open from the other side, so he cautiously pushed open the door. Chiron was not what he expected. He was a middle aged white guy in a motorized wheelchair with a scruffy salt and pepper beard. Percy wasn't a racist guy at all, but seeing two white guys in the same diner in the middle of Greenpoint put him on edge. He was pretty much the only white guy where he grew up, besides one or two others, but in all honesty he hadn't really spent a lot of time in Brooklyn. Maybe it was different than Queens. "Ah, you must be Percy Jackson. Sit down, please." He gestured to a plastic chair that sat across from a shitty looking garage sale desk covered in papers. "Grover's told me all about you." Percy smiled tentatively and said, "Good things, I hope." Chiron smiled. "Only the best. Now, before we begin, may I ask what your current situation is, with school and such?" Percy blushed and said, "Well, I finished high school a year ago, but I haven't really been in a good enough place to, like, go to college or anything." Chiron nodded and seemed unfazed. "Oh, that's quite alright. Does that mean you would be able to work full time?" "Yes sir." "Please, Percy, call me Chiron. Do you have any experience being a waiter?" Percy swallowed, and wiped his slightly sweaty palms on his jeans. "Uh, no, I haven't. I've been talking to Grover, though, and I think I've got how this place works down, pretty much." "Well, I've seen your resume, and I'm willing to hire you on Grover's recommendation if you're willing to put in the extra hours here to learn how to work with the team smoothly." All the air swept out of Percy's lungs. "I-really?" "Well, you'll have a week long test period, and if things work out until then, you'll have a fulltime job here." His throat ached and the world got a little blurry. That was it? It couldn't be that easy. Surely there was another option, a better option than him? Percy wished there was something he could say that would convey how grateful he was. There wasn't. "Thank you." Percy feels invincible in his uniform. It isn't much, just a black button up, jeans, and his old pair of beat up, knock-off Adidas that have four browning white stripes down the sides. Chiron had wanted him to wear dress shoes, but until a couple paychecks came in this was the best he could do. He always tries to make his hair behave before shift, but it always ends up looking like he rolled out of bed with twenty minutes of running back and forth from the kitchen to his section. Olympic Diner becomes his second home. He's getting paid a bit below minimum wage, but with all the tips he manages to take in every shift it's more than that. It isn't necessarily fun, because it's work, but he somehow ends up enjoying himself every day. Percy doesn't dread the twenty minute subway ride to Greenpoint and occasional fourteen hour night shifts like he thought he would. He loves joking around with Leo on his break and trying to throw the burnt fries that get sent back into each other's mouths. He loves the ongoing rivalry he has with Jason over who makes more tips per shift has him either laughing hysterically or groaning and smacking his head into the nearest wall. He doesn't get punched and ignored for a week when he wins. He loves how Frank can shoot Sprite into a cup with the soda gun from six feet and four inches away. He loves how Hazel will come in on her day off and sit at the counter for hours, blushing furiously when Frank leans across to kiss her on the cheek. If their Saturday brunch crowd isn't showing up on time, or it's so busy no one will really care, Frank will press his lips against Hazel's until she's as bright as a tomato and shoves a buck into his breast pocket. He loves laughing until his sides hurt at the scandalized look on Jason's face whenever Piper or Leo snap the dishtowel against his ass. He loves how Leo will softly