Disclaimer: I don't own the rights of the Hunger Games, obviously. This idea has probably occurred to someone else before me, but this is my take, and I hope you'll enjoy. I've always found Gale's character very interesting, and I was thinking about how different he and Katniss would approach the Hunger Games. Unlike Katniss, who's a very passive-aggressive person, Gale's a man of action. He's very forward and willing to do things a lot of others aren't willing to, like blowing up the mountain in 2. In the Hunger Games? All the dark things about his personality would be set loose. So this is that. Gale fighting for survival, and fighting to keep himself good. Part 1 We are accidents waiting, waiting to happen. Posy is curled up in my arms, her head resting against my chest and her tiny feet tucked under me to fight off the cold. Vick lays by my side, also seeking warmth. I see Rory and Mother on the smaller bed. Rory's lying face up, at the bed's edge, one foot and arm touching the ground. Mother holds Rory's other hand, bent towards him and breathing softly. The corner of my lip twitches upwards. Knowing Rory, as soon as he wakes he'll snatch his hand back, loudly proclaiming himself to be too old to hold his mother's hand, even in sleep. As I gaze at them, my smile turns into a frown, noticing Mother's eyes- still puffy and red from crying. We fought last night, same as every other year. I argued, as I've done ever since my 14th birthday, that she has to prepare for the eventuality of me getting picked for the Hunger Games. Her response is a furious "You won't get picked, you won't ." She says it with such conviction, sometimes I believe her. I can't even get mad at her for her naiveté- it's too easy to put myself in Mother's shoes and imagine one of my siblings getting reaped. The thought causes me physical pain, it clenches my stomach and weighs down my heart. But my frustration with Mother runs deeper than my empathy towards her. I don't understand why she won't accept the possibility- the very real possibility that I'll get reaped. Yesterday's fight didn't last long, thankfully, everything that has to be said has already been said a thousand times, and this will be my last reaping. After today, our yearly argument will be resolved, one way or another. Then she'll fight with Rory, Vick, and eventually even Posy… I try not to think about it. My frown deepens as I contemplate getting out of bed without waking my siblings. I manage, eventually, to slide out. Posy, like me, sleeps light and almost wakes, frowning, mumbling and turning around in my arms until I lay her back on the bed besides Vick. I dress silently and efficiently, looking back at my family only when I reach the door; Posy's still frowning, Vick hasn't moved at all since he fell asleep, Rory's turned on his side away from Mother, who's wide open eyes stare straight at me. My breathing catches in my throat. For a second I become the little boy I was, terrified of being caught by his parents while sneaking out. The moment passes, and I'm once more 18, not 10. Mother's still not completely awake, as she groggily looks up at me. "Gale? It's still night out" she whispers so as not to wake up her other children. I cross the room and kneel by the bed, stroking her dark hair, exactly the same shade as mine, to soothe her back to sleep. "Yeah. I'm going to go see if I can catch something to trade for the early market. I'll be back at midday to help with the kids." I whisper. Mother sighs, nodding. She curls around Rory in an unconscious gesture of protection. I feel slightly guilty leaving her alone in the house to deal with my siblings alone, but shrug it off as soon as I step outside. The moon hides behind clouds, yet still offers a meager amount of light for me to see the path. I shiver with the pre-dawn chill, zip up my jacket and set off towards the woods at a brisk pace. I estimate the time to be around 4:30 in the morning. At this hour the only one walking the soot covered roads of the Seam is me. District 12 is separated by a fence from the woods, and I crawl under it to get to the other side. It's supposed to be electrified, both to keep out animals and to discourage poachers like myself, but because keeping the fence on means wasting electricity and money our District doesn't have, the fence remains un-electrified. I cross the field and enter the forrest. Walking in the woods has a different rhythm than being in the district. The leaves crunch softly beneath my leather boots, birds cry in the trees to one another, cicadas and other insects click and buzz around while the leaves rustle with the wind going by. I enter the woods tense and stiff, but eventually, as I catch a couple of decent sized squirrels, that tension wears off. By the time I return to District 12, the sky has gotten lighter,still before 6, but people are begining to wake up. I go into the wealthier part of town. In 12 no one is actually rich, but the merchant class does have a better living standard than us in the Seam. I smell freshly baked bread blocks away from the bakery, and my mouth waters, so I head that way. I knock on the baker's back door. He's blond and bulky, with crowfeet around his kind eyes, indicating that he finds things to smile about, even in a place as unjust and despairing as 12. A quiet, polite man. "Good morning Gale" he says I incline my head a little in greeting as well before talking, "Good morning Mr. Mellark, I was wondering if you'd trade me these squirrels for some bread?" I recognize the sorrow in his eyes when he gives me a fresh out of the oven loaf for only one of the squirrels, an unfair trade. On any other day, his pity would insult me, but today I'm just grateful for the unburnt bread, and wave awkwardly goodbye when he calls out a "good luck" to me. I'm going to need luck today. I sell the other squirrel to the butcher, getting a couple of coins in return before heading back to the woods. I wait, lying down between the rocks and grass, letting the morning dew seep into my back and watching as the sky changes colors. When I see Katniss coming towards me, I smile. She's wearing her hunting clothes, her long braid tucked into her jacket and her bow in one hand. "Hey Catnip" I call out, showing her the loaf of bread. I've speared it with an arrow just to see her laugh. She does, and her presence alone makes me suddenly enjoy the day. Katniss, like me, has the Seam look. Dark hair, olive skin, grey eyes- unlike the merchants, who tend to be pale, light eyed and light haired. She's younger than me, 16, and my best friend. We talk and eat the bread with wild berries and some goat cheese Catnip's sister Prim made for us. Today is Reaping Day, yet we pretend that it doesn't mean anything, joking about the terrible fate awaiting us this afternoon. Spending time together in each others company is easy, calming. I look at Katniss as she closes her eyes and savors her food, thinking like I so often do of running away with her. She's beautiful, strong, clever... maybe it's the date or maybe because I've never been one to stay silent about what I'm thinking I open my mouth. "We could do it, you know." She blinks at me in confusion, "What?" "Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it." I tell her. The moment I say it I can tell it's a mistake. Katniss' face has always been incredibly expressive, and in the 4 years we've known each other, ever since we both took to the woods, trying to provide for our families by filling in for our deceased fathers, I've come to know what she's thinking by just the barest twitch of a muscle in her face. Her slightly raised eyebrow and frowning lips say what a ridiculous idea she thinks it is. I try to fix it. "If we didn't have so many kids" I joke, and she loosens up minimally. She probably thinks it's something I've just thought up and haven't thought through. But I have. If she'd agree, I'd tell Mother, get her to pack up, take Rory and Vick and Posy into the woods. Katniss could take her mother and little sister Primrose as well. Maybe even the goat. We could go in pretty deep, find a place well protected. I could build us a house, we could live of the land, be happy and never have to worry about Panem, about District 12, about the Hunger Games. We could start a family. As if reading my thoughts, Katniss shoots the idea down. "I never want kids" she says, frowning as I look at her sideways. "I might. If I didn't live here" She glares at me, irritated, "But you do." I get annoyed as well. She can be amazingly dense when she wants to. I've been trying to show her how I feel about her for the past few months. Trying to demonstrate in the little details of our lives how little by little I've been falling in love with her, and she's being incredibly obtuse about it all. "Forget it." I snap, and we leave it at that. We spend the morning fishing, Catnip simply enjoying the day, me trying to forget our earlier argument. We catch a good amount of fish, a bunch of greens and pick strawberries to take back. We make a pretty good profit in the Hob, the Seam's black market, and afterwards set off to town to sell the strawberries. Knowing how the Mayor has a soft spot for berries, we go to his home and his daughter answers the door. The girl, I can vaguely remember her name starting with M, is wearing noticeably expensive clothes. A white dress, a pink ribbon, a gold pin. "Nice dress" I tell her, and she looks at me, wondering if I'm making fun of her or actually complimenting her. A little bit of both, actually, but mostly it just bothers me knowing that what she's wearing could be traded into a couple weeks of good food for my family. "Well, if I end up going to the Capitol, I want to look nice, don't I?" she says. My face goes blank, a preventive measure I developed years ago to disguise the anger always simmering beneath my skin, momentarily spilling over now, and I snap back. "You won't be going to the Capitol" I tell her, trying to control my voice and face. "What can you have?" I wonder aloud, "Five entries? I had six when I was just 12 years old." The girl's face has become stony as well. It's something you learn from an early age if you live in 12, how to disguise your emotions and thoughts, so no one can know if you're thinking something you shouldn't be, like I so often do. I hear Katniss and the girl say goodbye, and we head back home, to the Seam. Catnip looks at me from time to time, frowning. She doesn't understand, not really. Katniss knows the system is wrong. She knows I hate the government for forcing me, for forcing us to pick up Tesserae, to be put in extra danger each year. I've