Harry Potter and the Deep Web "I'm excited about my first day at Hogwarts," Albus Severus ejaculated. "I'm coming with you in the beginning to help you settle in," Harry told him. "No! It would be too awkward. Stay away from me, you creep! I'm fine by myself." Albus was feeling rebellious. "But you'll get super lost like I did on my first days here, and by now I know this place like the inside of my shirt, so it would be better to have a guide and moral support. Trust me, it is better to feel a little awkward than to wander around lost and run into a troll or, even worse, the Basilisk that tempted Adam and Eve in Genesis." "Fine," Albus Severus sighed. Harry was feeling nostalgic. It was like those dreams I often have where I'm in middle school or high school again even at my current age. When it was time to get off the train, Harry held Albus Severus's hand. "We stick together," he demanded. "And no, we are not in love," he said to no one in particular, as if to remind others of that. "Mister Harry Potter, is that you? Thank goodness you showed up when you did. Hogwarts isn't doing too good as a school. Apparently not enough students are graduating and if it continues like this, those damn school board Nazis will close the school. Forever! You technically never graduated, so this will be your seventh year at Hogwarts. Once you graduate, then you can rest easy. I am the new headmaster, Mr. Spaceley. No relation to The Jetsons. I just happen to look, sound, and be named like him." The students all assembled in the main hallway, ready to be sorted by the Sorting Hat. "Albus Severus, I am putting you in Gryffindor like your father was just cuz they're the ThunderClan of Hogwarts." (AN: I started writing this before Cursed Child came out but I kinda put this in development hell, and as you know he was put in Slytherin in that story. Well I'm not changing a thing just because of that. I guess it could be an alternate continuity.) Harry looked noticeably older than all the other 7th year students. It was a little awkward. Albus felt awkward too just because his father was going to the same school and attending some of the same classes. Potions class wasn't quite how Harry remembered it, and not just because Snape was no longer teaching. "Welcome students to the Stoichiometry of Potions, where you learn about potions on a fundamental level. Stoichiometry measures the quantitative relationships, and is used to determine the amount of products/reactants that are produced/needed in a given potion. You can think of it as elite-level applications of chemistry mixed with quantum mechanics." The professor wrote a sample problem on the board. "How many strands of 0.3 mm thick and 17 inch long unicorn hair would be required to react with 23.5 grams to make goozak potion? And how much heat would be needed?" This was a basic problem with a few steps. He somehow came up with 11 strands but if you looked thru all the steps and paid attention to how each one related to the next, it would make sense. "Like matter, magic also has different states. Potions just happens to be the liquid form. Cantrips that come out of wands are usually either plasma or gaseous, tho sometimes they can be solid, but you'll learn more about that in your physics of magic class." Right after potions was Physics of Magic, which was similarly complex but it was more like the equivalent of actual physics class. "Welcome to Physics of Magic, where you will learn about the mathematics of cantrips at their most fundamental level. You see, magic is actually science that not even the most scientifically minded of Muggles have any sort of grasp of. It's a highly specialized but highly enormous field of quantum mechanics that wizards are much more easily able to pick up on. For example, transfiguration exploits the various quantum states that matter can be in. The law of conservation of energy as well as the law of conservation of mass are still in full effect in the study of magic. You'll soon see that magic isn't as simple as 'wave a wand, something happens.' You already know there are parameters but doing a little math and physics should better help you predict the magnitude of consequences of your magic spells. Not even the greatest wizards can use their magic to change the laws of physics." The professor wrote a problem on the board. "In case you haven't noticed, this course isn't for the faint-hearted. Despite how scary this problem looks, it's one of the simpler ones you'll learn. A Dragonfruit wand with a cantrip coefficient of 0.56 shoots a cantrip out at a velocity of 6 meters per second. It emits a blue glow and the object affected by the spell transforms into a kitten. What is the rate of psychological transference of the blue glow?" The teacher pulled up a diagram of the electromagnetic spectrum, zooming in on the visible light portion. "Using Dumbledore's formula, we input the wave length for blue light, multiply the function by 0.56, and then take the derivative, adjusting for the quantum displacement of the kitten." The professor pulled up a chart of various wand models with numerical values next to them. "Then we plug the corresponding value for Dragonfruit into the function's derivative, and Bob's your uncle." The final answer was 13.37 quantum fluctuations per megahertz of the delta brainwave. He wrote another problem on the board. This one looked quite different. "Floo powder causes space time to curve in on itself, so basically you're commanding wormholes." To demonstrate, he held a piece of paper with two dots on it labeled point A and point B and folded the A over the B. "This paper represents space-time, point A represents your starting point, and point B is your destination. This is really what happens when you use Floo powder. So a person wants to use Floo Powder to go to Vertic Alley from 2323 Prowess Drive. They have 23 grams of Floo Powder. How many degrees must they bend space time?" The professor wrote down a scary looking formula that involved sine and cosine, and square root of two over two. "The twos cancel, leaving just a square root symbol by itself on top. So this square root symbol is available for the next dating partner." Then he wrote down stuff about a dating simulator combined with scary math stuff. "The dating simulator method is a huge shortcut for these types of problems." Harry was having trouble paying attention. Some rebellious student sitting in front of him was on his laptop, looking at what appeared to be a site like eBay, except they could buy drugs and military grade weapons. And then he hopped over to a site that featured what appeared to be snuff films. Harry was sitting behind him, disgusted. Albus wasn't paying attention either. He was too busy playing with his fidget spinner. "Could you please close your laptop? I would rather be able to concentrate on the lesson than be forced to look at videos of real people being tortured to death." And then the person in front went to a hitman website, ignoring him. Harry got an idea. He got out his own laptop. "Actually no need. What site is that?" The person in front turned around. "Have you never heard of the Deep Web?" "I have not. Is that what that is? How do I get there? I just need to find a particular site." "You need to download the Tor browser, and (followed by whatever else is required, if anything)." "Got it," Harry confirmed. After that, Harry reported to his P.E. Class, whatever that was. Harry didn't remember a room there before. Must have been annexed to the building sometime while he was gone. "This is what you guys have instead of Defense Against the Dark Arts?" Harry gasped dramatically. It was a weight room with a sign that read 'Asteroid Fitness.' The color scheme of everything was an eye-raping pink and brown combination and the logo was printed in Comic Sans font. "That's right. It wouldn't make sense to continue funding for one since there are no more Dark Arts to defend against now that Voldemort is defeated and since he doesn't have a daughter. I mean, the school did spend a ton of moolah on installing free WiFi and tons and tons of computers that all run Windows 10. And besides, bad things always happen to the Defense Against the Dark Arts professors anyway, so why bother hiring someone and pay them just so they can die by the end of the year?" The professor turned to the other students. "Hi there Gryffindor. Welcome to P.E. class. This is what we now have instead of Defense Against the Dark Arts. I am Professor Shredder, your P.E. teacher. Let me go over the rules. We have a strict dress code here. No sleeveless shirts, no tank tops, no skin-tight yoga pants, no overly muscular arms, no midriff baring outfits, no open toed shoes, no jeans, no gallon jugs, no gym bags on the floor, no skin-tight clothing, no one over 6 ft tall is even allowed in. We have staff at the entrance who check for things like inappropriate clothing, height, whether or not members have overly muscular arms, etc. Overly muscular is kinda loose and subjective, but we believe it's good for our 'no gymtimidation' atmosphere. When you work out, you MUST wear an invisibility cloak so no one can feel the slightest bit self-conscious." Someone in the class raised their hand. "Why are there no paper towels and spray bottles like most gyms have?" "No one is allowed to sweat on the equipment, so of course the spray bottles aren't needed. Also, the treadmills cannot get up to running speed. Only up to moderate walking speed is possible. Wouldn't want anyone to trip and fall on the rough surface of the conveyor belts." There were no ellipticals, stair climbers, or stationary bikes. Instead of pop music like most gyms play, this one just played elevator music. Sometimes The Most Unwanted Song (yes, the one with the soprano rapping about cowboys, excessive bagpipes, and children singing about Walmart) would play if you stayed long enough. Actually it started playing when Professor Shredder was talking about not being allowed to sweat on any of the equipment. One of the songs on the playlist was just 'Lord Voldemort' repeated over and over for 6 minutes, with an instrumental sounding like a mix of folk and dubstep."If anyone flaunts or shows off, flexes, or sweats on any of the equipment, the lunk alarm will go off, and you don't want that to happen. Let's just say that I should have given out earplugs. I have a loose, discretion-based definition of flexing and showing off." This class sucks , Harry thought. "So, like, if no one is allowed to sweat, grunt, or even exhale loudly, then how is anyone supposed to reach any gains?" Neville's son asked. "Good question." Shredder led the class to a bulletin board. "These are testimonies from the various gym goers about how ripped they got, so it's still very possible." It was filled with images of fat people with a corresponding muscular person, a 'before' and 'after.' The before picture would look like the heaviest contestant at the beginning of The Biggest Loser, and the after picture would look like some absurdly muscular person that looks like he's all covered in balloons, a.k.a. the meathead bodybuilder stereotype turned up to eleven. Some of them were clearly stock images taken from Google Image search. At least one of them was probably some insanely realistic looking models made in Blender