Hellloooo here is a story more involving Bryce Lawrence but he has a completely different story then in the book his fate is different and everything except his psychotic behavior and his past is different. Well his past may be a little different. Well enough of my rambling please review on what you think. Disclaimer: You already know Chapter 1 Reyna's POV Reyna was tossing and turning in her sleep as she was helplessly in her nightmare that always came to her no matter where she was. Reyna was walking in the field of Mars with her boyfriend and camp centurion Peter Sane son of Aeolus. "Wow Warhead how could no one fall for you? You are hands down the most amazing girl on this planet." Peter said with his cocky grin. Reyna blushed she always did when Peter complimented her. "Aw I made you red damn I'm good at complimenting." Peter said with his weird crazy laugh that he had to have inherited from his father just like his albino cloud white eyes. All of a sudden Reyna was pulled forward a few months later and Peter was talking to his new recruit Bryce Lawrence. "Bryce I know you lit Jason's hair on fire now tell me why we should not sew you into a sack filled with rabid cats and throw you into the Tiber?" Peter said glaring at the psychopathic son of Orcus. Bryce raised his hands in defense "Alright I did it but come on what was I supposed to do not light it on fire?" Peter just stared at him "Hmm I don't know how about YES!" "Well fine you can take away my matches and lighter, there over there under my bed." Bryce said glaring at Peter. Peter huffed and walked over to the bed and crouched down to grab the items. "Oh Peter?" Bryce sang. Peter turned too slowly as Bryce ran his sword into Peter's stomach. "Bryce...W-Why?" Peter said as he slumped forward dead a pool of blood forming under him. Bryce looked at the dead centurion smiling evilly. "Why the fuck not Sane?" Bryce said chuckling. Reyna woke up with a start and forgot where she was for a few moments before she realized they were in Puerto Rico bringing back the Athenos Parthenos. She looked over and saw her two companions. Gleeson Hedge their satyr/protector/vertically challenged friend. Next to him sat Nico di Angelo son of Hades. They were both sleeping peacefully. Well Hedge was sleeping peacefully Nico was passed out from all the shadow traveling. Reyna did her best to try and push the memory of Bryce Lawrence out of her mind as she went back to sleep. Nico's POV Nico usually didn't dream of his past but for some reason this particular dream found him. Percy and Nico were running along the banks of the Styx getting ready for Percy to plunge into the river. "Here goes nothing." Percy said as he fell right into the Styx. Nico waited still pretty drowsy from knocking out all of the guards in Erebus but he could stay awake on his own now. All of a sudden a scream pierced the air and Nico tried to pinpoint where it was coming from and he soon realized it was from the Fields of Punishment. Nico sighed as the scream continued it was strange this scream seemed different then the ones usually heard in Punishment. Though a few moments later the scream seemed to changed into a crazy laughing or howling. Eventually it was a full blown laugh and it sounded like whoever was making it pissed of Dionysus the god of madness ten times over. This laugh was starting to scare Nico as the person was obviously insane out of the god's mind. Just as Nico was about to go check out who was making the noise Percy burst out coughing. Nico woke up fast Percy bursting out of the water actually scared him awake. Nico looked around and almost head butted Hedge in the chin. "Hey watch it cupcake." Hedge growled. "S-Sorry." Nico quickly said not able to get that laugh out of his head. Reyna walked up to Nico and placed a hand on his forehead. "Nico you are ice cold." Reyna said a little shocked. "It's just the shadow traveling I'm fine." Nico stated but Reyna looked a little unconvinced. "How did you sleep?" Reyna asked. "It was weird I had a dream about the past have you ever had those?"Nico asked still thinking about the dream. Reyna stiffened as she packed and looked away so they couldn't see her crying. "Um...Yeah. Yeah I have." Reyna said simply before ending the conversation. Reyna's POV They all shadow traveled to Miami and of course Nico passed out again while Hedge did little street routines to get a little money for food while Reyna went around to scout for any danger. "Howdy your royal bitchiness." A high voice came up while Reyna was gazing at the water on the surf. Reyna turned around and her blood froze. Bryce Lawrence was standing behind her his pond scum colored eyes fragile and shattered as he smiled like a psycho. "B-Bryce?" Reyna said as the child of punishment walked toward her with his sword out. A sword she knew all too well. "Punishment" was etched into the hilt of his sword. "Bingo, Yahtzee, is that your final answer? Our survey says BRYCE. Ding ding ding ding ding ding." Bryce said acting like a TV show host. Reyna gulped she knew Bryce when he was sane and he was dangerous then she didn't know what he was like in this way. Completely insane. "Why are you here Bryce?" Reyna asked slowly inching her way around Bryce. Bryce didn't seem to notice he laughed and his laugh was like a knife scraping against a chalk board. "Why? Why? Why? But you see that's the question? Right? Why are we all here? Here. Here. Here. Or over there maybe here or there or quite possibly everywhere." Bryce rambled on randomly looking around swinging his sword wildly. Reyna took this chance to run as Bryce cackled insanely skipping after her singing "Row Row Row your boat." "Gently down the stream." Reyna tripped and everything went black. "Merrily. Merrily. Merrily. Merrily." When she woke up Bryce was standing over her smiling coldly. "Life is but a dream." Bryce said as he raised his sword over his head. "Isn't it though life is nothing but a dream." Bryce said cackling before something hit him in the head with a loud THUNK and Bryce dropped out cold dropping his sword with a CLANG and went still as he slipped into unconsciousness. Reyna turned and saw Nico standing there with a headless skeleton. Reyna saw the skull next to the knocked out demigod and felt a little sick at the thought of the decapitation. "Reyna are you okay?" Nico said as he helped her up. "Yeah. Yeah I'm good how did you find me?" Reyna asked bewildered. Nico shrugged "I heard the screaming and rushed over here and I saw that psycho standing over you so I did the first thing I could think of." Nico explained. Reyna looked at him "Which is summon a skeleton and chuck it's head at him?" Nico nodded. "Wow okay remind me to never piss you off." Reyna said with a little chuckle. Nico gave a small smile to that "Come on let's get back to Hedge." Reyna and Nico left the insane demigod unconscious in the middle of the park as they went back to the satyr. "Hey these people are crazy lets get out of here." Hedge said as they got back. "Yeah the farther away from here the better." Nico said. They teleported and wound up in Richmond. Hedge went to start his dancing again while Reyna sat back with Nico. "So who was that?" Nico asked a little sleepily. Reyna was silent for a few moments. "Bryce Lawrence son Orcus god of punishment and he is a descendant of Nero." Reyna explained. "The guy that played the fiddle when Rome burned down?" Nico asked and Reyna nodded. "Yeah he his not someone to mess with." Reyna said. "Neither am I." Nico defended. "I know that but Bryce is a cold blooded psychopathic killer." Reyna tried to explain. "What you think I cant protect us?" Nico said getting up. "No Nico I'm not saying that at all. It's just Bryce is a master of necromancy and he is utterly insane to the point that not even Bacchus would want him." Reyna said. Nico sat back down thinking about this. "Well what do you think we should do?" Nico asked. Reyna shrugged "I don't know he was unpredictable when he was sane he's twice as unpredictable and unstable now that hes insane." Nico looked at her "How did he go insane?" Reyna looked away and didn't meet his gaze. "He..um...His father drove him to madness because he betrayed the camp." Reyna lied. Nico looked at her he knew she was lying but he decided to not push her to talk. "Okay and what did he do to betray the camp?"Nico asked. Reyna bit back a sob "I-I can't remember. Listen I'm going to get some sleep alright?" Nico nodded as she drifted to sleep having the same nightmare again. After the nightmare ended the scene shifted to Octavian's compound in New York. "Where is he? He was supposed to report back to me if he found her not go silent." Octavian said angrily. "Oh no run Augustus shall have your head. Flee children of Macedonia." a high pitched insane voice spoke up. Octavian turned and saw Bryce Lawrence standing there with his eyes crazier then ever along with his disheveled brown hair. "How did you get here?" Octavian asked. Bryce vanished in a puff of smoke. "Maybe I'm not here. Maybe I'm dead. Maybe your dead." Bryce's voice came echoing through the building. Octavian huffed and turned calling two of his guards inside to make sure Bryce didn't try to leave. "Alright Bryce tell me did you find Reyna?" Octavian asked in a calm voice. Suddenly a sound of a sword ripping through flesh and two grunts came up behind him. He turned around and found his two guards dead with their throats slit. Bryce Lawrence looked at Octavian as he towered over the two murdered demigods. "Maybe I did. Maybe I didn't." Bryce said as he licked the blood off of his sword, making a face, and spitting it out. "This guy really need's to cut back on his sweets." Bryce said laughing loudly. "Just tell me you idiot." Octavian said growing impatient. Bryce looked at him like he was going to be his next victim. "I found her. But then I unfound her then I went dark. Darkness it will consume you all and I will laugh my ass off." Bryce rambled as he laughed. Octavian just looked at him completely oblivious of the stare that Bryce was giving him. The look of murder. "Get out of my sight Lawrence." Octavian said angrily. Bryce gave him a mock salute as he disappeared into a puff of smoke taking the dead guards with him. Octavian paced the room "We should have left him in Punishment." he said to himself. Reyna felt a stabbing pain and shot awake feeling crushed until she realized what was on her. One of the guards that Bryce killed was on top of her blood seeping on her clothes. "Hello my sweet little tot you know there is a light on this guy that won't light on one side." Bryce said smiling evilly. "Nico!" Reyna screamed but she looked over and saw he was in the same predicament as she was but with the much bigger guard. "Yeah right here." Nico strained as he was being crushed. "Ah Nico di Angelo. Oh yes I now you I will kill