Malfoy Manor was in the state of the worst chaos it had ever seen since The Dark Lord's fancy fétes, at least that's what Morgana thought of the excruciatingly bore-some celebration. She observed the pompous party her dearest Auntie Astoria had thrown for her only son, Scorpius, as he was to start his final year at Hogwarts, with indifferent coldness. «A farewell party» Mrs.Malfoy had called it with tears in her eyes as she went on with a heartbreaking monologue about motherly love and loss during which Scorpius's usually pale face turned the color of a ripe tomato. Morgana looked around the room and stopped her apathetic stare at a bunch of gangly gingers, who stood out among the whole crowd of disgustingly happy families. The Weasleys she concluded, spotting a girl with unruly, curly auburn hair and chocolate eyes, that resembled her mother's. Morgana still couldn't understand what it was that took Scorpius's breath away as Rose Weasley was by far not a beauty. No, she was as plain as they came and while her smile might've been kind and alluring, Scorpius could've definitely found a better match, especially with half of Hogwarts' female population drooling over him. «And here I thought the world couldn't take another Weasley». Morgana turned to look at the owner of the husky voice in her brilliantly unintentional languorous manner and instantly seized the young man in with her calculative eyes. «What gave me away?» she decided to play along, hoping to have at least some fun at this dreadful party. «I haven't a clue», the stranger mused with a nearly theatrical puzzlement, eyeing her bright red hair. «I take it you're not a Weasley», Morgana assumed mockingly. «Circe, no. I'm Marius. Marius Nott». «Oh», she seemed somewhat impressed, «I've heard a lot about your grandfather. Thoros, was it?» Marius nodded, genuinely interested in what she was going to say next. But Morgana took her time as she sipped on a strange rosy drink, which happened to taste just as terrible as it looked, «Is he still locked up in Azkaban?» Her bluntness startled Marius for a mere second, but he recovered quickly, looking only slightly flushed. «And not getting out anytime soon», he added with an enigmatic smile and tasted his own drink, «Merlin, this is horrible»,-the glass was instantly put away on the nearest tray. «So, what is your family up to these days?»Morgana asked, getting bored already, but tried to follow her mother's mantra on importance of small talk and patience. «We own a few antique stores in Europe». At that she raised her eyes from the glass and finally gave Marius a lively look, her blue eyes lighting up by instant curiosity. «Do you, now? How fascinating», she said, imploring all the charm she could master «You must be keen on history then». «To be honest, History of Magic bored the sod out of me back at school», he chuckled at his own joke and Morgana did just the same, «But when I came into the business, I kind of had to deal with the lot of it so there was no option, really. I guess now I have to be keen on history». «Can I ask you a question?» Morgana sounded unexpectedly serious. «Sure». «Have you—» «Morgana?» Never had she had a stronger desire to kill someone in her entire life than when Scorpius Malfoy interrupted her in that very moment. His position on her death list rose from somewhat at the bottom to the first five. «Morgana?» Marius asked, dumbfounded, «you are Morgana, Calderon-Boot?» «Who did you think she was?» Scorpius spit out, giving Marius a wrathful look, «Let's go, Morgan, I...» «Mister Nott here was just telling me about his family business. The antiques—isn't that great, Scorpius? Especially now that history and familial legacy aren't worth a dragot, or...galleon. That's what you say here in England, right?» It didn't take Scorpius long to understand the true meaning of her words and it only made him angrier. «A word, Morgana?» he muttered stiffly. «Would you excuse me, Marius?» she bestowed the young Nott a gracious smile and rose from her seat in a most imposing manner, «Is something the matter, Scorp?» «What was that about?» «You'd have to be more precise.» «Being all chummy with that git», Scorpius sent another deathly stare to where Marius was sitting. «He struck me as a rather nice young man», Morgana mused nonchalantly. «You sound like my mother». «Oh, for Merlin's sake, Scorpius, stop being such a child». «He's dark, Morgana, and dangerous. The lot of them Notts are». «And you've invited them nonetheless», she pointed out matter-of-factly. «My mother invited them», Scorpius corrected, looking more furious than ever, «just stay away from Marius, will you?» «While you're wasting your time with me, Scorpius, Otto Zabini is wiggling around Rose like a randy hippogriff, so you'd better go and take care of that. Merlin knows I can stand up for myself, thank you very much». «Zabini?» Scorpius snorted and almost laughed, «He'd never...» but as the blond turned around there was not a trace of mirth left on his face, «That filthy bastard!» he then turned back to Morgana only to see her impatiently waiting to be dismissed from this tiring conversation, «Marius. Evil. Not good. Remember?» that were Scorpius's last words of guidance before he ran towards his wife-to-be. Poor girl was still non the wiser about his noble intentions. «You almost tricked me». «And you clearly have a tendency to sneak up on people», Morgana wasn't surprised when Marius came up to her again as soon as Scorpius was out of sight. «I've heard a lot about you, Miss Boot», something had changed in him but Morgana couldn't really put a finger on exactly what it was, «You're quite the rebel». «My reputation precedes me, then». «Tell me», he leaned forward suddenly so that no one could hear them, and Morgana wasn't happy about such preposterous invasion in her personal space, «What was it?» -Sorry? Her fingers tightened around the glass as she did her best to stay calm. Morgana was hardly one to be intimidated by a silly spoiled brat like Marius Nott, yet she couldn't help but feel a numbing shiver running down her spine. «Your little exile», he reminded her, a mirthless smile hovering over his lips, «You must have done something nasty. What was it?» «The dust you get from all the antiques must have clouded your mind, Mister Nott,» Morgana snapped with a beam on her face as though she was genuinely enjoying his company. «I'm going to find out sooner or later,» Marius almost whispered in her ear, smiling brightly, as if telling her an inappropriate joke. He wasn't a bad actor himself, she'd give him that. For all the guests knew he was proclaiming his love for her right there and then, so kind and warm were his emerald eyes. «Morgana», the young witch almost shuddered when she felt someone's hand on her shoulder, «you alright?» James Potter was the last person she expected to come to her rescue. And yet, there he was, right behind her, and Morgana couldn't deny the instant feeling of safety she got from having his chest pressed against her back in a rather possessive manner. «James», Morgana gasped half surprised, half relieved, realizing only then, that she'd been holding her breath the whole time. «Marius», James acknowledged his presence with a firm nod and drew his warm eyes back to Morgana, «My mother wanted to meet you, come on». «We were just talking, Potter», Marius snapped. «Well you aren't talking anymore, are you?» James gently pulled Morgana to his side and together they walked away under the malicious gaze of the Nott heir. «What happened?» James asked, concern written all over his face. «Whatever do you mean?» Morgana tried her best to sound casual, reluctant to admit that she was, in fact, intimidated by Marius Nott. And this couldn't have made her more enraged and...curious? «Don't do that. I could tell something was wrong, Morgana. You should know better then to try and lie to me». «I was handling it, James», she growled at him, anger burning up within her, «You didn't need to come and save the day. Go and find damsels in distress, that are actually in need of your hero complex». «Ouch», James didn't look a bit hurt by her snarly tirade. On the contrary, he was somewhat amused by the way her cheeks flushed with anger and her eyes turned an even darker shade of blue. «Stop staring at me», she barked averting her eyes. «I wasn't». Morgana was about to come up with another rejoinder but stopped herself when she noticed the way James was examining her face. The anger she felt was slowly giving way to exhaustion and Morgana felt a little bad for the things she'd said. But only a little. «You don't really want me to meet your mother, do you?» she asked hopefully, trying to break the ice. James only laughed at her ever-present snobbery and leaned against the wall near the grand ladder. «How have you been?» he inquired, his hands in the pockets of his jeans, eyes carefully observing the marble floor. «Really? We're going to have this pathetic «how have you been» conversation after I've nearly got you expelled from Hogwarts?» James finally looked at Morgana, clearly a bit taken aback by the abruptness of her words. But then again, it was Morgana. «You still have a tact of a graphorn». «And you could use some consistency in your life, Potter. Speaking of», she glimpsed at James awaiting his reaction to her next words,-Abe told me you quit Auror training. She could feel James tense next to her, his light blue eyes dancing around the room, so conveniently avoiding Morgana's. «Please don't lecture me. I've had enough scolding from my parents». «I couldn't care less, James, you know me. Just trying to make conversation». Yes, and he knew her too well to believe that. Morgana could say anything she wanted and act as if she were the earthly embodiment of apathy, but he knew she cared. Deep down. Very, very deep down, but she still did. «Well, if we are making conversation», it was now James's turn to act as ambiguous as ever, «Will you finally tell me what happened in New-York?» «It wasn't in New-York, you know», Morgana felt a bit lighter now that she'd revealed this little detail. But not light enough to stop the horrible nightmares she'd been having since that night. «Where was it then?» «Boston». «Okay», James mumbled, looking at her carefully. «There...was an accident», Morgana took a deep breath, trying to collect her thoughts, «With...with—» «There you are!» a sudden shriek that was Alice Longbottom's «angelic» voice cut her off mid sentence, «I've been looking everywhere for you, James Sirius Potter!» said the blond with a mock anger, but as she finally laid her eyes on a ravishing redhead beside her precious boyfriend, the anger was not that mock anymore, «Who's that?» Taking a look at James, Morgana could barely stifle a chuckle. The poor guy looked as if they'd been caught red-handed snogging in a broom closet. «Alice, this is Morgana, she's Scorpius's cousin from the States», he brought himself to explain at last, «Morgana, this is Alice—my...girlfriend». Alice, «the girlfriend», looked positively hurt by the pause. «I thought you were a Weasley», she looked puzzled. «Oh, for the love of Merlin», Morgana sighed, giving up at last, «You realize this is an insult, right?» James shot her a reprimanding glance to which Morgana answered with a perfectly innocent smile. «So you go to Ilvermorny then?» Alice tried to sound cool, but Morgana saw just how tightly she was clinging to James. It was quite amusing. «I do», she responded curtly. «I heard you get there by flying sleighs. Is that true?» «Why, yes, we also have flying