The Son of Thanatos - Chapter 1 - Awakening Arthur leant against the wall of his classroom, his eyes lightly closing as a smirk crossed his face as a dark thought passed through his thoughts. He scolded himself inside, but his light smirk didn't leave his lips still. The aforementioned dark thought was related to the red stained wall behind him, he had noted that it had dried already. He exhaled gently, letting a cloud of dusty white smoke free from his mouth as he did so. Smoking was another thing he normally refrained from doing, yet right now he felt that he was pretty deserving of his smoke. He felt it help him cope rather well with the scene his dim blue eyes rested upon once more they slowly opened. Bodies strewn across desks and the floor, blood staining every other inch of the room from the floor to approximately halfway up the walls. More disturbing than that were the entrails littered over the floor. Intestines covered as much of the floor as blood did. Bone shards were a common hazard if Arthur were to try walking across the floor, and that one unscathed whole eyeball that looked like it could roll across the floor with the slightest tap was especially unsightly. The shards of the door that remained were also bloodstained, unsurprisingly. Arthur's cheeks were dry, his eyes unstained, his demeanour naught but calm. He'd never feared death, despite not knowing his true heritage, his true father. He sighed, letting his cigarette fall out of his right index and middle finger and into the embrace of gravity to silently smack against a coincidentally unstained and still dirty patch of the floor. He stamped out the cigarette, wondering how he was going to explain this one. Only when possible excuses were flying through his mind did he stop and ponder the obvious question, what exactly had happened here? Having quickly examined the room upon entering it and seeing the massacre, he'd seen necks ripped apart and chunks of flesh missing from every other person. This was not the work of a human. As if in response to his thoughts, his questions suddenly became answered. With another blink, his eyes began to sting and his pupils glowed a faint purple. Something inside him was responding to the death in the room. His vision was no longer the same, for the first time in his life he saw death. The scene in front of him became far more horrific as he watched ghost-like apparitions of his classmates and teacher go about business as normal before... something burst in and began transforming the room into the scene that Arthur had already memorised, the bloodstained room filled with corpses. He struggled to make out what exactly the creature was. It looked akin to lion, or so he thought at first. Wings were clear to see on its back and its head was clearly that of a man and it even sported a scorpion-like tail. What Arthur was watching was how they died, of this he was sure, but he was more curious about how he was watching it. The scene didn't bother him anymore than the room full of bodies, death didn't make him uncomfortable. Arthur didn't believe in magic, yet, but did happen to be loosely religious and after a few moments of the scene finishing, his eyes still glowing faintly, he attributed it to another being, a deity. Of all the questions he probably should've asked about the situation, he chose a simply casual question instead, at least to start with. "Where are you?" Answering his call, a figure faded into existed leaning against the opposite wall to Arthur. He had skin the colour of teakwood, a lean and muscular body covered by a simple loincloth. His black hair flowed down to his shoulders, contrasting to his shining golden eyes and regal features. Most noticeably, wings were visible on his back, shimmering different shades by the moment. His golden eyes didn't leave Arthur, staring him down as if he were testing the young man as he spoke. "Disturbing, isn't it?" His voice was smooth, as casual as Arthur's thoughts. "Why show me this then?" The schoolboy shot back in a mere moment, his blue-purple eyes locked in a staring contest with the unnamed deity in front of him. "You showed it to yourself, Arthur, albeit with my power. The same power that attracted that Manticore here to kill all your friends and acquaintances." Silently weighing Arthur up by the speed and viciousness of his reply, the winged fellow quickly switched tactic to poke and prod Arthur with his words, not concealing his intent to size him up. "Gloating murderer or reluctant explainer?" Arthur let an exasperated sigh slip from his lips as he pushed of the wall, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his jeans and taking a step forward. He raised an eyebrow at the man, waiting for an answer. He'd clearly expressed his lack of amusement at the verbal trap the man was clearly luring him into. "I didn't send the Manticore, nor was I sent here to explain anything. I came of my own volition, to see you with my own eyes, Arthur, before the camp comes to take you in." "Mind telling me your name, or who you are at all? Can't say I know anyone with wings." A scowl now crossed Arthur's features. He wasn't happy, this man was implying to have all the answers that he wanted without any duty to give them to him. A little part of Arthur wanted to jump the man, get the answers to the questions that were racing through his mind. He breathed calmly, as he always did. Chaotic displays of emotion were below him, or so he'd always thought. He'd never understood the way people always seemed to keep their feelings at the forefront and in control of their actions. He was a calm, controlled individual who thought himself the sole master of his mind. Seeing a monster maul people he knew he could deal with, calmly. Seeing an unexpected room full of dead people, took a minute but he could move past it. But around this man... his hands felt cold, his eyes buzzed and his hairs stood on edge. He felt... uneasy. With a brief smirk that Arthur instantly likened to his own, the man spoke. "I'm Thanatos, god of death and father of Arthur Roe." For the first time in years, Arthur's eyes visibly widened. The purple glow around his pupils shone brighter, his empowered eyes heightening. He saw something new, like an aura. The man was shrouded in gold light, but emanating from his mouth was a green stream. The green had a feel to it. It felt... right. As if his newly powered eyes clicked with his brain naturally, Arthur understood this process. The gold was regal, godly. The green was truth. More than that, Arthur felt the words stir something inside him. Every fibre of his being resonated with the words, confirming the first fear he'd ever had. This man was truly his father and a god. The moment this sunk in, Thanatos' smirk returned. At first, it seemed as though he was proud of his son's progress. But Arthur saw past that. He wore that smirk himself, he knew what it meant. Thanatos was amused, curious, maybe even outright enjoying the situation. "Your powers are developing fast, shame they won't help you kill a Manticore. Now, son, I suggest you sit so I can debrief you before your protector notices I've been here." Thanatos gestured to the teacher's desk chair as he spoke, taking a step back and glancing at the door. With another frustrated scowl, Arthur obeyed and sat. Thanatos analysed his boy for a few seconds before speaking, somewhat faster than before. "You're a demigod, half human and half god. The child of me and your mother. I am a greek god, as are the other gods that existence. Being my son, you're different to other people, you can do things." "Like seeing how people have died." "The protector I mentioned is an ambassador of Camp Half-Blood, a safe haven for demigods such as yourself. They'll explain all that when they get here." Arthur was grateful for the answers he was receiving. His right hand rasped the wood of the desk in front of him gently, he was struggling to take everything in. What could he even think? He surpassed that, as he did all his feelings, and looked at the situation as logical as he always did, seeing past deceit without the use of his magical eyes. "Aye, they could've told me all this, right? You said you came here of your own volition, but you could have observed me from afar. What information is so urgent that only you, the god of death, need to deliver it to me in person?" Listening to his son, Thanatos wondered whether or not he should be impressed. As he was about to tell his son, he'd never had a child before. He was struggling to treat Arthur like a son, because he didn't know how to treat someone that way. He was speaking to his son as if he were any other mortal, albeit for personal intentions. "You are my first and only child, Arthur. The Big Three; Zeus, Poseidon and Hades have a pact forbidding them from consummation with humans due to the danger they could pose. I was always overlooked on the demigod front for lack of interest. But now that's changed. Arthur, I believe you're as big of a threat as a child of the Big Three. Death is no small matter, your powers draw from the same well as mine. You could be stronger than any of us gods may anticipate." The demigod's teeth clenched in his mouth. While he hadn't expected what Thanatos had told him, that wasn't what irritated him. As with the information earlier, he'd digest being a threat to the world due to his parents later. He suspected he wouldn't get many chances to talk with his father, he wasn't going to waste them losing control of his thoughts. His face changed, now he visibly glared at his father. "Thanatos. I'll be more direct, if that's how it needs to be. Why are you here? Stop telling me what other people could and tell me what only you can. What did you come here to tell me, father ?" People standing up to Thanatos happened more than some may expect. After all, people did funny things when they were dead. But the god felt different this time, like he was talking to an immature and uneducated version of himself. He chuckled, finally amused with the conversation. "You're sharp, boy. You want the truth so bad, here it is. You're an asset, something I want on my side for a future... let's just say problem. It was time for me to kickstart your powers, being this close to me should get your blood boiling enough to do that. Besides, I needed to come get these souls anyway." Although he couldn't help but feel the god had omitted a lot, Arthur definitely believed Thanatos. His father hadn't been around his whole life, 17 years. Coming now when he wanted to use his son, that was exactly what he'd expect. Arthur stood up, running a hand through his jet black hair. He closed his eyes sighed, opening them to reveal the purple around them had faded, showing the control he'd established over his eye prowess. "That sounds like a you problem, father. I'll see you around." Raising his right hand, a small gesture to say goodbye, and stuffing his left into his pocket, Arthur made his way towards the door. By the time he entered the hallway, Thanatos stood in front of him, holding out his right fist. Arthur understood immediately and silently moved