A/N: Okay, so I've been thinking about this, pretty much since I first watched the two episodes of Neverland back in 2011. It's a REALLY good version of the story of Peter Pan. I fully recommend watching them. They do an amazing job with explaining everything that we know and love about Peter Pan, including the missing shadow. I chose Neverland, because it really fits along with the whole story of the Quileute wolves and the Cullen's. See, in Neverland, you never grow up. The wolf pack and the vampires don't age. So, instead of Pirates versus the Natives, we have the Vampires versus the Natives. I have the whole tribe instead of just the wolf pack. I explain these ideas better in the story. Just know that there's no fairy dust, the Cullen's are evil (with perhaps, maybe just one possible exception- lol I can hear Waldo saying "How redundant." Lol if you don't know what that's from, I'm sorry, but you had a terrible childhood.) I don't know if there's any others like this out there, I didn't check. I'm sorry if there is, just please let me know. If anyone would like to Beta me on this, I'd love it. That is, if I continue it. I really only have about half of another chapter written. Please read this and let me know if I should continue with this or not! I hope you enjoy! P.S. I tried to make the names as authentic as possible, but close enough so that I could shorten them down to the original names in the series. Quil's mother's name is Joy, I know. The closest name I could find was Jacy. I apologize. The cover picture got messed up, so I'll figure something out lol. Disclaimer: I do not own anything from Twilight or Neverland. I only own this story and my own characters. A POV Run. That's all I could try to do. That's what he told me to do. I don't know how he got them to leave me alone, but I don't care. I just need to keep running. Faster. FASTER! I willed my legs to keep pushing forward. Keep going. I saw a break in the trees and I could feel freedom. I could feel safety. I don't know what the end of these trees mean, but I couldn't care. I know that I'll be safe. Making it just to the edge of the trees, I tripped over something, and I screamed. Loud. Trying so hard to get up, I pushed over past the trees. Turning my head to look behind me, I ran into a wall… or so I thought. I felt arms encase around me, and I let out a high-pitched scream. I tried fighting the arms, but they were too strong for me, they just held on even tighter. I kept screaming and crying, repeating the phrases "I'm sorry!" "I promise I won't run away again!" and "Please don't kill me!" over and over again. That's when I realized that the arms, along with the rest of the body, are hot. I mean, that they are literally hot to the touch. The scary monsters are cold, freezing even. My tears had not let up, and I let out whimpers as I looked up. I gazed into the face of the man that was holding on to me ever so tightly. Looking up into his eyes, I gasped, a shock running through my body, sending shivers down my spine. His hold tightened on my body and my tears stopped. Getting a good glimpse at him, I noticed how incredibly handsome he truly is. His eyes were almost black, with emotions that I couldn't read swimming through them. There was a deep knowledge in those eyes, but he only looked to be in his late 20s. It was as if he saw all of the horrors of the world and lives them day by day. His face was set hard, but there was a softness to it. High cheekbones and a strong jaw were among some of his other features. His long black hair blew along with the wind, and I was in awe of him. He was shirtless, with buckskin pants, and there seemed to be muscles on his muscles. Suddenly extremely self conscious about how I looked, and I realized that my face had to be all splotchy and gross looking from everything that I had been subjected to in the past week. My clothes were tattered, my hair was a tangled mess, and I hadn't eaten a proper meal since I was taken. Also, I'm pretty sure I smelled bad. I knew that I shouldn't feel so safe in the arms of a stranger, but I have never felt so protected in my life. I just knew that this man could never hurt me. Never. Hearing hissing coming from behind me, I turned my head in his arms to see the monsters standing there. I screamed, gripping his skin even tighter, shoving my face into his body, as if I were trying to crawl into him, where I'd be the safest. I felt his body tense and his arms grip me even tighter. Growls overpowered the hisses, and I felt his body shaking. He was growling. But… that's not normal… Oh no. He's not a monster, is he? I tried pulling away from him, but he just pulled me closer to him. I felt screams starting to build in my chest, and I began to push away from him. I heard him whine and pull me into his chest, his nose sniffing at my hair. This is way too weird. I can't handle any more of this. I heard one of the monsters yelling to us, but I couldn't understand him. They weren't speaking any language that I can understand. They were speaking English when I was in that building, but now, I'm just not sure. I heard more growling and hissing, and I couldn't take it anymore. My body is currently running on just adrenaline, and from fear, lack of proper nutrition, blood loss, and plain exhaustion, I passed out. The last thing I saw was the look of terror on the mystery man's face. Time skip… Ugh. I groaned and put my hand to my head, willing the ache to just disappear. That was some dream I had. I dreamed that I was kidnapped by these monsters. They were ice cold to the touch, their pale hard skin sparkled in sunlight, and their blood red eyes were enough to give me nightmares. At least three times, they drew blood from me. One was nice. He looked menacing. Towering over me, definitely over 6 feet tall, and he was built like a bear. He was supposed to be watching over me, and he told me to run, to get out of there as fast as I could, that he would protect me from anything that would try to hurt me. Then I was running, faster than I ever could imagine. And it was almost not fast enough. Then there was this man. He was the exact opposite of the monsters. He had the same russet skin as me, his skin was hot, burning almost. I felt safe with him. I couldn't get those onyx eyes out of my mind. My eyes began to flutter open, and I prepared myself for the bright light coming in from my bedroom window. But, that's not what came to me. It was dark in this place. I was in a room in what looked like a wooden cabin. There was a tribal blanket laying on top of me, and rolled up wool lying as a pillow. I sat up, looking around. I was in a tiny cot, and the rest of the room was empty. Drawings were all over the walls. Standing up, I saw that there wasn't a door, but what seemed to be another blanket covering up the opening. I gazed down at my clothes, and was relieved to see that I was still clothed in what I was wearing before. Sitting back down on the bed, I wrapped my arms around my knees, trying to pull myself as close together as possible. I began to sob uncontrollably as I realized that I wasn't home, and I probably was never going to go back home. My body shook with my cries, tears streamed down my face. My chest ached as I understood that I would probably never see my family ever again, never see my parents, my friends. No one. I'll never see them again. I heard movement in the room, and looked up, gasping as I saw the mystery man. I couldn't believe it. He's real. I didn't stop crying as I watched him walk closer to me, his head cocked to the side, and he put his hands up as if he was trying to relay to me that he wasn't going to hurt me. He kneeled before the bed, still towering over me. His hands rested on either side of my body on the bed, not touching me. He just watched me cry, a pain was etched on his face. After a little while, he raised his hand and smoothed back my hair. I felt a little better as I felt his skin touch mine. His other hand came up to cup my face, wiping away my tears. I realized that I was leaning into his touch, and I scrambled away from him until my back touched the wall, my eyes wide. The look of hurt on his face was so painful for me to see, I almost went back to him. But my terror came back. Here I was, in an unknown place, with a man I don't know. Who knows what he has planned for me? Who knows if there's anyone else around here? He hasn't even tried speaking to me. And feeling safe with him is very dangerous. A woman came into the room, carrying something in her arms. She smiled at me and put whatever she had on the bed. The man completely ignored her, his eyes never leaving my face. At least now I know that there are other people around. She left, but came back with an elderly man. They began speaking to each other in the language from before. I didn't know what they were saying, and that thought terrified me. The elderly man came forward and proceeded to slap the mystery man on the back of the head. I was suddenly scared for the man's life as I heard a large growl tear out of the young man's mouth. The elderly man just laughed. Turning to me, he said, "Do not mind him, my dear. He will not harm you." I sat there gaping. "You speak English?" "Yes. I had to learn many, many years ago in order to act as an interpreter for the rest of my tribe. Some of the others have learned, but only a select few. Now…" He sat down next to me, ignoring the young man's growls. "do you have any questions?" "Who are you?" "I am Quil Ateara, the holy man. But everyone refers to me as Old Quil, because my grandson's name is also Quil." "What is this place?" "We call it Neverland." I gasped. It couldn't be. "Neverland? But that's only a legend." "A legend?" "My parents would tell me the story of Neverland when I was growing up." "Well, my daughter Jacy, will help you wash and change, and then we will talk." He pointed to the woman who came in with him and she came forward, smiling. Picking up the material that she left on the bed, she grabbed my hand and pulled me with her. Glancing back down at the young man, I saw that he was still watching me. Jacy took me to a small pond, and stripped me of