The Beast and the Lioness (A tale as old as time) Minerva Esmeralda McGonagall sighed as she quickly walked through the darkened corridors of Hogwarts; the clicking sound of her heels on the marble floor echoing behind her. The following stoke of the clock indicated that it was already later than she had anticipated. Damn Cornelius and his stupid meetings…. Pulling her emerald green traveling robes closer around her, the young ebony haired witch turned one corner after the other in the freezing hallways; ignoring the slightly scary shadows cast by the light of the flaming, scorched torches on the walls. It was strange to see the castle so empty; usually at least some of the older students kept lurking around, though they probably all preferred the warmth of their Common Rooms to the icy temperatures on the snowy grounds outside of Hogwarts. Another turn later, and Minerva finally reached her quarters. She quickly spoke the password and the portrait of Godric Gryffindor that was guarding her private rooms sprung away and granted her entrance. Quietly, she fully walked into her rooms and looked around. Almost everything was exactly as she had left it behind before she left for the Ministry Meeting. The lights were turned off; only the bright and flickering flames in the fireplace enlightened the room a little. Though it was enough to see that the essays she had started to grade were still laying unfinished on her desk, quill and ink neatly put aside. She sighed again. Another thing she had to finish tomorrow. Nevertheless, a small smile graced the witches red lips upon seeing the little white paper with a painted emerald heart that was also amongst the papers. Moving her eyes further, she spotted the small hole in one of giant bookshelves and judging by the location she could already tell what kind of books was missing. Careful not to make too much noise, she walked on her tip toes over to the little cream-coloured sofa in front of the fireplace and the sight that greeted her caused her heart to jump a beat: A little girl about five with shoulder length ebony curls falling down her back and covered in several fluffy blankets, her beautiful bright blue eyes closed and already half asleep on the sofa; the book with the tale of 'The three brothers' opened on the small wooden table next to her. Waving her wand, another blanked flew right into Minerva's hand and not wanting to wake her daughter, she carefully tucked it around the little girl. Despite her best efforts, sleepy blue eyes opened and a tired yawn escaped the little girl. "Mummy?" Minerva reached out and softly stroked the girls dark hair before she sat down on the sofa next to her. "I'm here, Kitten, don't worry." Stretching, the blue-eyed girl got up and cuddled against her mother. "Can you read me a story? Please?" she asked and pointed with her tiny fingers towards the book that was resting on the table. Minerva turned her head slightly to look at the old grandfather clock at the other side of the room. "It's already late Arina…" The girl's eyes filled with tears. "But… but Mummy, you promised. Please." The elder ebony haired witch winced. She had indeed promised her little girl to read her a story tonight, though how could have assumed that the stupid meeting would take that long? But the pleading look Arina was giving her made it hard for the 30-year-old witch to say no. "Alright, but just this once, okay? And don't tell your Daddy about this when he comes back tomorrow." Bright blue eyes lit up with joy and she nodded enthusiastically. "Now, come here," Minerva whispered and re-arranged the blankets after her daughter moved and snuggled even closer against her body. With another flick of her wand, the book on the table closed and sorted itself back into its rightful place in the bookshelf. "Mummy, what are you doing? The book…" Arina's curious blue eyed followed the flying book; a skeptical look on her face and her thin rosy lips were pursed in a very similar way her mother always did it. Minerva chuckled. "The Tale of the Three Brother's isn't suitable for a girl your age, Arina." "But Uncle Xemerius…" The witch laughed. "Your Uncle Xem has no idea whatsoever. But don't worry, I'll tell you a different story today. A tale probably as old as time itself…" The girl's eyes widened. "Without a book?" The emerald eyed witch laughed even more at the child's innocence. "Yes, Kitten, without a book." "Is it a true story, Mummy?" Minerva thought about it for a moment, then smiled at her little girl. "Well, let's just say it's as true as it can be…" Arina leaned her on her mother's lap, who in return drew soft circles on her back. …x.X.x… Once upon a time, there was a land very much like the one we're living in. Witches and Wizards living peacefully amongst people without magic; creatures of every sort imaginable were to be seen all around them and like in our time, men and women were searching the whole Kingdom to find their very own soul mate. Now in order to fully comprehend the story, we must go back in time a little further… Some years ago, there was a young man living in a castle. He was brilliant, really, but also quite arrogant. Though you will soon find out that once a person broke through his well-guarded heart, one could easily see that he was a lovely man deep on the inside. His hair was a dark auburn, and his eyes were very much like yours; a bright sparkling blue. The only unfitting thing about his so perfect appearance was his nose; crooked and possibly broken quite a lot of times. Rumor had it, that the wizard's very own brother broke his nose at least once. But never mind that. The wizard's name was Prince Alb- erm, Allan and he lived in a great and luxurious castle; a black lake around it. Now, of course, despite being a great wizard, Prince Allan was also searching for his soulmate. Once he had met a strong witch and he was convinced that she was the right one for him. But apparently, fate wanted his life to be a little more challenging. Allan had courted the lovely blonde haired Lady Lavinia, but soon he realized, that she wasn't the right one for him. She was nice, but the first time they had kissed, nothing happened. The soulmate-sign that was supposed to appear on your wrist upon finding your one true love didn't appear. The Lady Lavinia got beyond angry, screaming and shouting at the Prince, accusing him of using magic on the signs. …x.X.x... "But Mummy, didn't you say that the soulmate signs is stronger than every magic in the world?" Minerva smiled, unconsciously rubbed her thumb over her wrist and nodded. "Indeed, Arina. But the Lady Lavinia wanted to be a Princess, no matter the cost. That was when Prince Allan realized, why the sign hadn't appeared." Arina's blue eyes sparked and she sat up straight on the sofa. "I know! Because she didn't really love the Prince! She only wanted to be his wife to be able to rule over the kingdom, right?" The emerald eyed witch nodded. "Right. And of course, Prince Allan told her he never wanted to see her again but he never knew how much trouble he got himself into…" …x.X.x... The enormous wooden doors of the castle burst open with a loud noise, a cold breeze of the winter's wind filled the corridors of the hidden castle and the ground it was built on shivered. Bricks and rocks fell to the grounds, the statues of old ancestors following them only shortly afterwards. " Allan!" Lady Lavinia screamed, her wand held high and pointing at the Prince. Her purple robes were flowing behind her as she walked with quick steps into the Hall, her wavy blonde hair blowing in the wind. When the Prince saw her, he was shocked. Lavinia's whole appearance had changed: Where once love was written in her light brown eyes, all he saw now was darkness and hate and shallowness. She had gained a lot more weight causing the dress she wore underneath her robes to stick to her body. Her once perfect hair was now frizzled, her hands were dirty and her once rosy cheeks were ashen. " Lavinia, what…" She waved her hand; caught him completely off-guard and sent him flying backwards – crashing against the wall. " Look at me! You ruined my life! No other man in the whole Kingdom even looks at me after your rejection." It was well known amongst the magical population, that Prince Allan was one of the most powerful wizards in the whole Kingdom. But as he got up from the ground, his pained and disappointed expression fixed upon the woman he had once thought would be his wife, he realized that this was not the Lavinia he knew. No, this witch standing in front of him had changed. She had darkened her heart and formed an alliance with the Forbidden Arts – dangerous, irresistible and painful. She had become an Enchantress of the Darkness. " I didn't reject you," Allan grumbled and took a couple of steps forward; hands held up in a defensive gesture. "We weren't meant to be." Lavinia cackled. "Oh that's what you think? Well, I don't care. I'll let you pay for what you did!" She held her wand up high, moving it around in circles and creating a cloud of sparks, thunderbolts and air to hover up above them. Allan mumbled one spell after the other, but he was powerless. Soon, the cloud of dark magic embraced the whole castle, the grounds, the lakes and assumingly every single person working and living there. Lavina's eyes were completely covered in darkness, her voice was hoarse and emotionless, scary and terrifying. "You will suffer the worst fate imaginable! Feel what I felt to be alone forever! Never meeting this soulmate of yours!" ... x.X.x... "What did she do to him, Mummy?" the little girl asked with wide eyes. Minerva shrugged and handed her daughter a mug with steaming, hot chamomile tea, which the blue-eyed girl accepted thankfully. "Well, Lavinia, despite being a really annoying lady and having multiple lov– " here Minerva really had to stop herself. True, the emerald eyed witch never got along with the real Lavinia Rochêtte, but this probably had something to do with the fact that she was her husband's first love. And Arina really didn't need to know about the woman's other questionably activities, though it wouldn't do any harm using her as inspiration for her story, would it? "Anyway, the Enchantress Lavinia cast a very dark curse," Minerva explained and took a sip of her tea. "The cloud around the castle form some sort of time-capsula, causing the time on the outside to move much faster than on the inside. Afterwards she turned the staff people into objects. The Prince's best friend Alastor got transfigured into a golden candle stick, the medi-witch into a tea-pot and the yellow-eyed kitchen maid into a tiny tea-cup." Arina clutched her hands over her mouth and stared at her mother. "But Mummy, didn't you say that we never use transfiguration as a punishment?" Minerva hadn't taken that in consideration and started searching her brain for a fitting excuse to explain the situation. "Well, I also said that dark magic is dangerous, didn't I? And well, Lady Lavinia became one of the most dangerous and darkest Enchantresses of the whole Kingdom!" Admittedly, this was a little over the top… Lavinia wasn't really talented at magic at all, and a small giggle escaped Minerva at the thought of her trying to cast even the easiest of transfiguration spells. "What happened next?" Shaking her