Written for the march event: Jewel-Day Challenge / Aventurine: Bracelet: Write about someone who takes someone/something for granted and his feelings upon realizing it when it's too late. Written for the 365 drabble day event at Hogwarts #207. Marriage Written for the TV-Show Episode monthly challenge: Once upon a time Season 3 #19. A Curious Thing: Write about the day being saved by the last person you'd expect. Song: Ed Sheeran & Taylor Swift – Everything has changed. A.N.: A big thank you to Penny (Padfootastic) for beta-ing this for me! *hugs* words: 3,717 Everything has changed (let's hope for lovely times) ... All I knew this morning when I woke Is I know something now Something I didn't before ... Still half asleep, she hears the sound of several voices ringing in her ear. She tries to ignore it for a little while longer; the apprenticeship she has recently started at St. Mungo's was an amazing experience, and Lily can not imagine doing something else in her future, but she came back from her night shift at a very late hour, so a little bit more sleep would be nice. Sighing, Lily nevertheless opens her eyes ; her parents had always told her that she was far too stubborn and curious for her own good, but glancing at the clock on her nightstand she sees that it is only quarter past 7. And hearing several voices from what sounded to be the kitchen was most certainly nothing usual. Swiftly, she removes the covers and looks around. Everything looks just fine. Her room, the giant bookshelf, the desk with a couple of papers spread all over it, the little chair she uses to dump her clothes on… The young red-haired witch sits up straight in her bed. Something wasn't right. She doesn't know why, but she had a certain feeling that this day would turn out differently than others. It is strange, she admits that, but ever since she was a little child, she has always been able to predict when something unexpected is going to happen. Usually it is just something like a surprise birthday party, or a simple trip to muggle London… For some reason she can sense it when something is bothering the people around her; she can see it in their faces, the worry in their eyes and they start acting differently. Shaking her head in order to get rid of the strange feeling and the voices, she stretches her arms and legs and gets out of her warm comfy bed. After a quick look in the mirror, she brushes her long, red curls, puts on her clothes and hurries down the stairs. Immediately after she pushes the door open, she knows that her feeling was right. Something is wrong. Very wrong. Admittedly, the kitchen of the Potter house is quite roomy, but Lily has never seen so many people crowded together in the room. She recognizes a couple of them; her aunt Hermione, Uncle Ron, her 21-year-old cousin Rose, Hugo and even Teddy is there; he stares, like a lot of other people, at a little piece of paper in his hands. Rubbing her eyes to chase the sleep out of them, she takes a second glance, and realizes that probably the whole Weasley family is attending this – whatever 'this' is. Bill, Fleur, Victoire, Dominique, Louis, George, Angelina, Fred, Percy accompanied by his Audrey, Molly and Lucy. Sitting on the kitchen counter, Lily even spots her godmother Luna with her family. Her Grandparents are there as well. Quietly, the 20-year-old red-haired witch enters, though probably she could have gone in there singing in her worst voice and the people still wouldn't notice her. They are all talking at the same time, some of them even making wide gestures with their hands. Lily has no idea what they're talking about, especially this early in the morning, but judging by the utterly surprised and partly horrified expressions on all of their faces, the young witch can tell that it can' be anything good. Passing a couple of complete strangers in dark black robes, her eyes spot a piece of messy jet black hair. Albus! Ducking several people's hands, she finally reaches her brothers. However, before she can voice a single word, James puts a finger over his lips; telling her to be quiet. Then he points with his finger and Lily follows his direction with her emerald eyes. The sight that greets her causes her eyes to widen. There are her father and mother, in what seems to be a very heated conversation with the Minister's under-secretary and several people of his council. Her father's eyes are gleaming furiously; something Lily has rarely seen. Her mother on the other hand looked positively furious; though this was less surprising. After all the Weasley's are well known for their temper. Just then the red-haired witch notices that the piece of paper everyone is holding in their hands, is not any paper, but the latest edition of the Morning Prophet. What in Merlin's name is written in there that everyone is so upset about? ... And all I've seen since eighteen hours ago Is green eyes and freckles And your smile in the back of my mind making me feel right ... Naturally, Teddy Lupin has noticed her presence immediately. From his position he has a perfect sight to the door, and even though he had only seen bits and pieces, the colour of her flaming red hair is unmistakable. He watches her as she watches what is going on in her kitchen. He wonders why she looks so tired, then he remembers that she had a long night at St. Mungos. He admires her for her choice of career. As the only daughter of the famous Harry Potter, she could have asked for any job she wanted, but chose to pursue the career as a medi-witch; she always helped people whenever she had the chance to. Confusion is written in her amazing green eyes, but Teddy doesn't blame her. After all it doesn't happen everyday that you wake up to find your house completely crowded with people, does it? Soon, her puzzled face changes into a small smile; she has spotted her brothers. Clutching the newspaper article closer in his fists, he decides to follow her. The by now grown up Potter children had always been like his siblings, and the 30-year-old animorphmagus had always preferred being around them than all these other strangers in the room. Besides, from what it looks like, Harry is in the middle of starting a fight with the people from the ministry. In order to not startle her, he carefully put his hand down on her was in vain, as she still jumps around, a sort of relieved look on her face when she sees who it is. "Teddy! Weren't you sitting over there?" He chuckles at the way she softly scratches the tiny freckles on her nose. "I thought I could join you. Tell you what this is all about." "Well, that would be lovely indeed. It's kind of strange waking up to find the house full of people…" Putting on a serious expression now, he wordlessly hands her the paper. "Here, take a look." Delicate hands took the newspaper, her eyes immediately scanning the letters. Her facial expression changes instantly; when before there was a curious little smile covering her face, her lips now form a very thin line and her sparkling, excited eyes widened in disbelief. "That – That's a joke. It has to be. Please tell me this is a joke." Teddy sighs. The red-haired witch has always been his favourite and no matter how much he wants to make her happy, he shakes his head. "I'm afraid it's true. That's why everyone's so upset." She looks up, and stares at him. He knows that she is fighting the tears that are welling up in her emerald eyes. "But this – this changes everything." Thee sadness in her words almost break his heart. For a moment he ponders over whether he should take the now shaking witch into his arms; the way he has always done. But then the article's lines appear in his brain, loud and clear, and he draws back the hand he has already outstretched. They have to accept it, and he cannot get too close to her because he might be sent all over the country to a strange woman and would never see the little red haired witch again. So he merely nods, trying to feel as little as possible. "Yes, everything has changed." … 'Cause all I know is we said hello And your eyes look like coming home All I know is a simple name Is everything has changed ... Lily nervously enters the room, her whole body shaking. The sight that greets her eyes only makes it worse. A room, separated in two parts; elder girls and young women on the left, younger men on the right; all lined up, waiting for the ministry officials to hand them the item that would determine the rest of their lives. On wobbly legs, she joins the other young woman and walks over to the end of the queue. Everyone's face is a mirror of her own. They all think about how a sudden article in the Morning Prophet can change an entire country's life. Lily spots her cousin Rose a couple places in front of her, standing in the queue, nervously fidgeting with the little necklace her current boyfriend had given her. Lily knows her cousin hopes despite all odds to be able to spend her life with him. But the twenty-year-old red head has always been better at accepting the reality than her cousin. And one girl after another, the line gets shorter with each passing minute. On her way to the front, she thinks back to the previous day; they day everything started to change… She couldn't believe that this was happening. But the evidence was right in front of her; plain black letters written on white paper. She skimmed over the page again, re-reading these two lines over and over again. "… as it is common knowledge, the war has taken a lot of good people from us. The latest researchers have confirmed that our worst nightmare has indeed come true: The wizarding population shrinks with each passing year. In a private conference with the Minister, it has therefore been decided that from the minute this article is published, there will be a new law in our community. From now on, every unmarried person – witch or wizard of the age of 17 and above – will be matched together with a partner by our ministry officials. Both witches, and wizards are expected to attend the matching-ceremony, which will take place tomorrow in the Ministry's entrance Hall. Since there is no time to take personal interests in consideration, everyone will be given a portkey that will transport a randomly selected witch and wizard to a certain location. These will be your future husbands and wives. There is no way to undo this marriage. The couple will be given 3 years to get used to one another. After this period, the creation of at least one child per couple is mandatory. Should someone try to defy the new law, they will be sent straight to Azkaban without any – " Lily shakes her head, trying to focus on the present. At least she now knew why all the people were assembled in their kitchen the other day. The majority of the Weasley-Potter children are – like Lily herself – still unmarried. Her father has tried to find a way around it, but all his attempts have been in vain. Taking a few steps closer to the counter, Lily's heart starts racing faster. Ever since she was a little child, she had wanted to have as happy a marriage as her