Written for the 'Candy floss and broken hearts competition': Part 1: Write about the first time your OTP (MinervaAlbus) said 'I love you' to each other. Written for the HPFC Royalty Competition: #19. Bloody Baron Words: 3,717 A.N.: The lyrics belong to the song 'we are one' from the Disney movie 'The Lion King II'. It's really one of my favourites and I recommend you listen to it again :) One thing nothing can destroy is our love deep inside 'cause we are one With his drink in one hand, Albus let his sparkling blue eyes wander over the dance floor and scanned the many people in the crowd. Admittedly, the muggle-themed winter ball that was hosted by the ministry every five years has always been a very popular event, but he had never seen so many attending people like this year. Many witches and wizards whom he hadn't seen in years had apparently crawled out of their secret hiding places to take the chance of dressing up in muggle suits and ball gowns that were rarely worn in the wizarding world. On the other hand, Albus couldn't blame them. He had been delighted to be given a reason to visit muggle-London again to buy his own attire for the night: a black smoking with matching black leather shoes and a smooth white shirt underneath it. In order to round things up, he had also chosen an additional black tie. And even though he usually preferred more colourful types of clothing, he was indeed surprisingly satisfied with his looks tonight. But Albus also knew that without his best friend's wife, Perenelle Flamel, he probably would have chosen something completely different and totally unfitting for the occasion. Thankfully, Perenelle had, upon seeing the bright and golden shimmering yellow suit in his hand, told him straight forward and without hesitation that he 'had to dress up properly or this lovely girl of yours will never waste a single thought about you ever again.' Albus, who had never before heard her speak to him in such a demanding tone, had immediately given her permission to look for whatever clothes were suitable for him to wear. Needless to say, Perenelle's earlier words had indeed struck a chord. After all, Albus still couldn't quite believe how lucky he was that such a wonderful woman like Minerva had really agreed to be his date for tonight's ball. Taking a sip of his drink, he continued his way back from the bar over to Nicholas and Perenelle Flamel, who had given him the invitation to the ball in the first place. Taking one step after another towards his friends' direction and occasionally avoiding some of the staggering and stumbling people - who had somehow managed to get completely drunk after only an hour – he smiled upon recalling a couple of very fond memories… . Albus had first met Minerva as a fifth-year student at Hogwarts. Back then, he had been her transfiguration Professor and even then he was quite fascinated by her magical abilities, as well as their shared interest in transfiguration and ancient spells. During her years at Hogwarts she has – without a doubt – been his favourite and most talented student. And despite his best efforts, Minerva had somehow managed to worm herself into his well-guarded heart. At first, Albus had not quite known what it was that caused his heart to skip a beat every time she looked at him with these amazing emerald eyes or when her small, soft hand accidently touched his own when she handed him a book or paper… But time after time, especially after her graduation, Albus had realized, that he cared for her a lot more than he was supposed to. Naturally, Albus had been shocked, surprised and secretly delighted when he heard a couple of years later that the young ebony haired witch had been hired to be his successor as transfiguration teacher at Hogwarts; and it had literally been out of words upon seeing her transformation from the little shy and talented student he had remembered to the intelligent, experienced and grown up woman she had become. But the way she bit on her red lips when she was thinking, or the way her emerald eyes sparkled when she has yet another great idea on her mind, or simply the way she softly smiles at him are tiny little details that hadn't changed over her years as an auror. And well, during the last couple of month since she had joined the Hogwarts staff, Albus had found himself spending more and more time with this lovely young woman. He had given her some advice concerning some of the more difficult students and invited her to a couple of chess games, which by now have become a sort of habit. He still remembered that one time during one of their by now weekly chess-matches, that she had complained about some of her students and that they were constantly distracted by something. Albus had simply laughed and told her that it was probably the fact that the students never had such a beautiful young witch as a teacher before. The light, crimson blush that had crept over her rosy cheeks was something Albus would never forget, especially since she flashed him a tiny, but truly heart-warming smile afterwards. Ever since that day, Albus had developed the habit of escorting Minerva from her rooms to either the Great Hall or her classroom. On the other hand, Minerva had started to visit Albus in his private quarters ever other night; in her hand usually a cup of steaming hot chocolate for Albus and a cup of chamomile tea for herself, as well as a book in her other hand which she always read when she was curled up on his couch while Albus finished his paperwork before he joined her. By now, Albus knew that he was falling helplessly and head over heels for the 27-year old ebony haired witch. And despite the by now lingering glances they shoot each other, the soft touching of their hands every now and then and the slow but steady sparks that are flying between them, Albus had only recently found his famous Gryffindor courage and asked her out if she would consider to be his date for tonight's winter ball. The considered to be most powerful wizard alive had literally held his breath in nervous excitement when she had just stared at him for a moment before she nodded and softly smiled at him. And well, now here he was. Waiting for the woman who had slowly stolen the keys to his heart… . "Excuse me, Sir," a rather unpleasant voice tore him away from his daydreaming and back to the present. In front of him stood a short woman with mousy-brown hair, pale blue eyes and a – in Albus' opinion – really ugly pink dress. Tightening his grip around his drink, he slightly moved is head and caught Nicholas' grey eyes, who was standing only a couple of meters behind the blonde; his arms securely wrapped around his Perenelle. The alchemy master and old mentor only shook his head and flashed him an evil grin that clearly said ' For your sake I hope that's not her .' Albus tried not to roll his eyes at his old friend and shook his head. Nicholas was usually an incredibly nice man, but due to the fact that Albus hadn't given him any kind of information whatsoever about his 'date' for tonight, the alchemy master clearly enjoyed to ' guess ' about all the potential female candidates in the ball-room. Sadly, he enjoyed it a little too much, and due to the Alchemy master's little joke-like post in the 'Daily Prophet' that had described Albus as the ' most eligible bachelor in the wizarding world ', the handsome auburn haired wizard had spent most of the evening to kindly reject all the women who not-so-undiscretly tried to throw themselves that him. "I have watched you standing here at the edge of the dance floor for quite some time now and I was wondering if you needed some company?" The blonde woman asked again. Albus luckily managed to resist the urge to roll his eyes at her. 'Yes, he would most certainly get back at Nicholas for that incredibly stupid joke, ' he thought while taking a deep breath in order to find the right words for the woman in front of him. "After all," the annoying blue-eyed woman continued without giving Albus even the slightest chance to voice his opinion, "it seems quite strange that such a lovely and handsome man like yourself is attending a ministry ball without a female companion." The auburn haired man sighed and at the same time skillfully ignored his friend's rather loud cackle in the background. "I'm quite flattered, Miss…?" Albus finally managed to start. "Holloway," the blonde responded eagerly and beamed brightly at him. "Clarissa Holloway, but please, call me Claire!" Albus faked a sweet smile. He simply was a man who wasn't attracted to these kind of woman. He preferred witches who didn't need to pretend to be someone they were not… witches who cared about other people rather than themselves… witches who liked him for who he was and not for the glory he received for freeing them from Grindelwald's regime… simply a witch like Minerva. "Yes, Claire, " the 42-year old man finally mumbled and removed the blonde's hand which she had seductively placed on his chest. "Like I already said, I'm quite flattered. But I have you disappoint you. I have already asked a lovely young woman to be my date for tonight." Claire looked like couldn't believe her ears. "But… But, then why isn't she here then?" She asked outraged. This time, Albus wasn't able to conceal his sigh. "The reason I am still on my own tonight is because there were some… complications that needed to be taken care of. But I can assure you, my female companion will be here momentarily." For a moment, Albus feared that the blonde would burst out in tears; but her eyes were only watering up a little and she swallowed hard. Luckily, Perenelle seemed to have taken pity on him, grabbed her husbands arm and tugged him the last couple of steps over to Albus and the blonde. "I'm sorry, my dear," the lady Flamel said in an overly sweet tone, "I'm afraid our dear Albus here isn't… erm… yes, eligible anymore." Claire's eyes glared at the elderly woman. "But the announce in the daily prophet – " "The daily prophet has received wrong information," she said and flashed her husband a look that clearly said 'do not say a thing now or something bad will happen to you.' Flashing both Albus and Penerelle a dirty look, Claire turned on her pink heels and stormed through the gigantic white double doors on the other side, out of the ball-room and nearly ran over another person who was just about to enter through the door. "Oh come on, Penny! You should have let Albus suffer a little more! He wouldn't tell me a thing about his-" Nicholas was silenced by his wife's rather sharp elbow in his ribs. Perenelle said something to scold her husband, but Albus didn't really pay attention to what it was. His entire attention was fixed upon the young woman at the other side of the room, whom Claire had almost run into. She looked a little shy upon seeing all the people in the ball-room but entered nonetheless. "Albus? What's wrong with you?" Nicholas asked and when he didn't receive and answer, he followed Albus' mesmerized glance and his eyes widened. "By the Bloody Baron's sword! She is stunningly beautiful!" All Albus could do was give a short nod. He watched in amazement as the young emerald eyed witch gracefully made her way over the dance-floor. Her