Written for the Quidditch league Fanfiction Competition || Team Appleby Arrows | Round IV – Forgotten Families | Beater II - The Shacklebolts 4. (dialogue) "Could you be happy here with me?" 12. (quote) A little drama wins more friends than boring. – Scott Westerfeld 13. (scenario) a character is granted three wishes Written for the OUAT character competition || Sidney Glass | Write a Genie!AU Written for the Shakespeare as your summary challenge | 9. Lord, we know what we are, but know not what we may be. Written for the theme challenge || Theme 4 Betrayal | 2. Write about someone regretting a past choice Written for the Are You Crazy Enough To Do It Challenge || Silver | 152. (colour) gold Written for the FRIENDS Competition | 2.08. TOW The List | Write about a difficult decision. Alt. Write about a strange wizarding world job. Written for the 100 ways to say I love you challenge || 100. I love you words: 2,997 Thank you, Sam and Jill, my loves, for beta-ing! Like a genie locked in tight (voice your wish, though do it right) Kingsley Shacklebolt exhales deeply and leans his broad shoulders back against the fabric of his old office chair, his dark chocolate brown eyes steadily fixed upon the tiny, dust-covered object standing on his wooden desk—well, the desk that has been his for several years. Tomorrow, it will finally find a new owner and Kingsley is more than satisfied with the people's choice of electing Hermione Granger to replace him as Minister of Magic. ' She'll do good,' he thinks as he lets his tanned, wrinkled hand trace the outlines of the dusty-golden oil lamp in front of him—so many memories in it, bittersweet memories of a time almost forgotten and yet always at the back of his mind. No matter the situation, no matter what battle he had been fighting in, no matter the people around him—Amara has always been on his mind. And along with her image, his guilty conscience has been his steady companion for nearly as long. The mere thought of the past causes his hands to tremble, much to his dislike. But he cannot deny that the years of loneliness are finally taking their toll on him. Now, in a time of peace, he doesn't need to be the strong, skilled, powerful Auror everyone asked for advice. Now, everything was taken care of, and while most of the people are living their happily ever after, Kingsley feels his own walls crumbling around him. Walls he had built around himself such a long time ago to protect the broken bits and pieces that were left of his once so fierce heart. It worked astonishingly well, the act of deceiving himself by taking upon himself one task after the other in order to feel busy. Now, however, he is about to retire, and there was not a single task left to distract him from his sorrow, pain, and guilt. "I kept my promise, Amara," Kingsley whispers as he clutches the lamp tightly in his hands, tears starting to form in his eyes. "The war… it's finally over. I did my duty and contributed my part. I fought, Amara. I fought for you—like you wanted me to—and for the future we never had." For a brief moment, the old wizard considers throwing the dusty old lamp across the room, preferably against a wall so he could see how it burst into pieces. But like so often, the picture of the young woman with the astonishing blue eyes and dark, curly hair stopped him. The smile she used to flash him, and the way she danced in her favourite white dress that contrasted her olive skin so perfectly. If he were to destroy the lamp—the embodiment of a curse that was a constant reminder of the cruelties of fate—he would destroy her legacy. And like many times before, he dismisses the thought, along with the stabbing pain in his chest, and tenderly brushes his fingers over the cold metal again. ' Once ,' he thinks bitterly and uses his hand to brush over his bald head, ' this golden oil lamp was like a gift, filled with such hope and happiness that would make every wish come true. ' Now, however, it resembles a curse that chains him to his deepest faults, regrets, and sorrows—with no way of breaking it. Instantly, a new wave of pain threatens to suffocate him, and Kingsley closes his eyes, and tries—like so many times before—to hold on to the good memories… .x.X.x. An eleven-year-old Kingsley strolled along the deserted streets of the little village. The air was cold at this time of the year, so the little boy with deep, chocolate brown eyes tightened his cloak around himself. It was his favourite one—a blue velvet fabric adorned with golden elements and little stars embroidered all over it. It was a gift from his aunt who lived in the far away Orient. Kingsley and his family used to go there a lot—he loved the dunes of sand, the camels, and the beautiful starry nights—but ever since his mother had died, his father had grown bitter and distant. Mr. Shacklebolt thus didn't really care about the fact that his only son was walking around the village all on his own. Really, all that mattered to him were his status as one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight and the amount of whiskey bottles in the attic. Surely enough, once his stack had been reduced, he sent his son to get him some new. Like on this day. The good thing about that arrangement, though, was that little Kingsley was able to look through all the lovely decorated windows of the shops. The many colours and objects that greeted his sight made him smile every single time because it distracted him from his black and white life he was used to seeing at home. However, his smile always broadened upon entering the village's little antiquities store. His mother always used to take him there, and the shop owner—an old friend of Mrs. Shacklebolt's—always offered the children some sweets. Upon entering, Kingsley sucked in the dusty air and tried to reminisce the scent. It wouldn't be long before he was going to start his first year at Hogwarts after all. Strolling through the many departments of the little shop, he smiled faintly at the familiar bookshelves at each side, the old marionette puppets hanging lifelessly on their strings, the tables stuffed with old vases, ancient lamps, and rusty cups and trinkets. There was this nostalgic sense in the air—the objects offering him the opportunity to imagine all kinds of stories. The sword, for example, that was hanging at the brick wall at the end of the corridor, was the reason why little Kingsley wanted to become an Auror. The boy pictured himself as the hero he had read about in his books, sword and wand in each hand, riding on his thestral and saving— OUCH ! Kingsley rubbed his head and adjusted the small blue and golden hat that fitted his robes so perfectly. His daydreaming about his future had—like so many times before—caused him to bump straight into someone. Tossing on the ground, albeit trying to get into an upright position, he soon moved his head and his brown eyes widened. The pair of beautiful, bright blue eyes he found himself looking into belonged to the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. Her tiny nose, the little freckles on her face, her olive skin—adorned with an adorable crimson blush on her cheeks—as well as the long, black hair that cascaded down her shoulders in soft curls caused his mouth to fall open. He didn't know for how long he had been staring at her, but once the girl started to giggle, Kingsley shook his head vehemently to get out of his stunned silence. He covered his embarrassment with a gentle cough, then he got up completely and offered his hand to the girl in the white dress. "I'm really sorry," he stuttered. "I tend to get rather lost in my dreams whenever I am in this shop." The girl picked up the books that had earlier fallen down and smiled. "Well, it is a dreamy and ancient place to be, isn't it?" Upon seeing her expression, Kingsley sighed in relief and straightened his blue robes. "Yeah, it is. Though I never really knocked someone to the ground. Didn't mean to cause any drama." To his utter surprise, the little girl—she could not have been older than eleven—gave him a cute kiss on the cheek. "Don't worry about it. Don't you know what they say? A little drama wins more friends than boring." This said, she turned around and strolled towards the counter of the shop, laying her books down on the surface to pay for them. Little Kingsley stood there, stunned, for a couple of seconds, before he raced after her. "Hold on," he screamed after the ringing of the door bell indicated that she had left the shop. "Please, hold on; I need to know your name!" Stopping in her track, the blue-eyed girl turned around. "I'm Amara," she said and waited for the dark-skinned boy to catch up with her. " Amara ," Kingsley whispered, her name like sugar on his lips. "I'm Kingsley. Kingsley Shacklebolt. Nice to meet you." .x.X.x. The years passed quickly for both Kingsley and Amara. As it turned out, the both of them had more in common than they had first anticipated. And what started as an unintentional encounter in an ancient antiquities store, soon turned into the strongest friendship the people of the small village had ever seen. Naturally, Kingsley had feared that they'd lose each other when his Hogwarts letter arrived, but as the 17-year-old now glanced at the beauty next sitting next to him in the Great Hall, he still couldn't believe that Amara—whose parents were both muggles—had magical abilities as well. At Hogwarts, it was a strange sight, of course—the tall, dark-skinned, and broad-shouldered pure-blood wizard never leaving the side of his shy and quiet muggle-born friend. Even to this day, his friends weren't able to understand what he saw in her. But as the lovely witch leaned her head onto his shoulder, listening to another of the many speeches that were given during their graduation ceremony, Kingsley softly laid an arm around her. His friends were clueless, but young Shacklebolt knew that from the day he had first met her: Amara had brought the colours back into his life. At the end of the ceremony, they even exchanged gifts. Of course—it couldn't be otherwise—they had both bought something in the little antiquities store. Kingsley had given her the first, signed edition of her favourite author, and Amara had gifted him with an old and ancient oil lamp. She knew about his love for the Orient, and the magic that was to be observed there. The little parchment scroll that was attached to the lamp was the reason she had bought it for him. It said that the genie slumbering in the lamp would grant its owner three wishes. Sure, they both knew that it was a long shot that the legend was true, but it was the gesture behind the gift that warmed Kingsley's heart. It was, after all, the most personal gift he had ever received. .xXx. Their first kiss had been sweet, lovely, passionate, and unexpected. They had both passed the Auror-training-test and it seemed like all the feelings that the two of them had developed towards one another finally surfaced—right there, in the forest, both of them covered in dirt and mud after their latest training session. "Could you be happy here with me?" Kingsley whispered lovingly into her ear, fear evident in his deep, baritone voice. Amara's answer was simple and elegant at the same time as she pulled him close and kissed him