DISCLAIMER: I own absolutely, positively nothing. See that NOTHING. It all belongs to the amazing Shakespeare and the lovely J.K Rowling. Pairings: Snape/Lucius Draco/Hermione Sirius/Charlie Remus/Tonks Ron/Lavendar Neville/Luna Harry/Fred George/Alicia Much Ado About Nothing Side Note: Before this begins I would like to state a few things. 1. Voldemort was defeated in Harry's 5th year 2. Everyone who died in the books is alive 3. Harry, Ron, Neville, Luna, and Hermione started a band together 4. Lucius and Severus helped take down Voldemort in the DoM (Hence them not being in Azkaban) 5. This story will be AU (Snape is friends with Remus and Sirius but they argue...a lot) 6. Harry lives with Remus and Sirius 7. Peter was captured in PoA 8. Harry lived with the Weasley's until Sirius got his house 9. He got his house just before the start of Harry's 4th year 10. The Tri-wizard Tournament did happen and Harry was a contestant Chapter 1: Opting Out Harry grinned and rolled his eyes as Ron and Hermione started arguging again. "What are they arguging about this time young Harry?" Fred asked grinning as he dropped down on Harry's left. "Probably about Ron wanting to snog instead of doing homework." George said dropping down on Harry's right. "Definatly not. Hermione doesn't like him that way and she'll hex your family jewels off if you even suggest that to her face." Harry said not looking up from his potions essay. A lot of things had changed since Voldemort had been defeated. Hermione had realized she only saw Ron as a brother while Ron realized he hadn't noticed Lavendar Brown. Ginny and Harry had broken up because Ginny found she liked someone else and Harry had realized that even though he was bisexual, he was most definatly leaning towards guys. Another thing that had changed was the Weasleys had stopped thinking that Charlie was Asexual because he had dated Harry this past summer. "True that mate." "So what are they arguing about?" "Is it Vicky?" "Or perhaps it's the increase of owls she has from and 'Admirer'." "Maybe it's about her crush on Bill." "I thought it was on Charlie." "that's Harry you dumbass." "too right. Percy then?" The twins were interrupted by a gagging sound from in between them. "Eww. If you two really must know, They are arguging about the name of our band and also the letters are from Dumbledore. She is trying to get him to set up a drama department. Also I can tell you it's not a Weasley she fancies but it is a pureblood that we all know." Harry said as he stole Fred's wand and cast a drying charm on his essay. "Oi! What are you stealing my wand for?" Fred asked as he took it back. "My birthday is not for another two weeks and you both know that means I still have the trace on me. Also I don't feel like waiting for this to dry." Harry said as he rolled up the essay and tied it to Hedwig's leg. "What are you doing Harry?" Hermione asked looking over at him. "I talked to Professor McGonagall and she wants me to become the DADA teacher when I graduate. I pointed out that the only experience I had was from DA and that was not exactly legal. She said that I could opt of of several classes because of my grades and become an teaching aid." Harry said as he carried Hedwig to the window. "Which classes did you opt out of?" Ron asked looking curious. "I choose all of them because I couldn't decide." Harry said disappearing into the kitchen. "Harry! You can't opt out of all your classes." Hermione said looking at him in shock. "I know that Hermione. I just couldn't decide but I knew I wanted to do this and that's what I told McGonagall. She told me to do all my classes and she would decide for me." Harry said before biting into an apple. "Oh ok." She said as she went back to her charms homework. "So how much free time would this give you?" Ron asked as he cast a drying charm on his History essay. "Depends. I was only taking History, Charms, Transfiguration, Herbology, Defence, and Potions. More than likely I will be able to opt out of Defence and History. I know of those two at least. Sirius thinks I can opt out of Charms as well. I mean we all know there is no way that I can opt out of potions." Harry said grinning as the others started laughing. "True that mate." Ron said grinning as the floo flared up and McGonagall stepped out. A chorus of "Hello Professor." greeted her as she glanced around the room. "Hello everyone. Mr. Potter? May I speak with you?" McGonagall asked gesturing toward the kitchen. " Of Course professor." Harry said standing and walking to the kitchen with her. "Minerva! What a surprise! Would you like something to drink?" Molly asked with a smile. "Tea please, Molly. Now, Mr. Potter. You have done quite well in all of your classes. Obviously, you can opt out of Defence and History. You are also eligible to opt out of Transfiguration and Charms. Thank you, Molly." McGonagall said as she picked up the cup of tea without taking her eyes off of Harry. "So I can opt out of everything except Potions and Herbology?" Harry asked, smiling as James, Sirius' owl, landed on the table with a letter from Sirius. "Yes, Mr. Potter. Although Professor Sprout thinks if you study hard you can opt out after Christmas." McGonagall said sipping her tea. "Professor. I would like to stay in Transfiguration and I don't see the point of only doing Herbology for half of the year." Harry said with a smile. "Indeed Mr. Potter. In that case, we need to discuss what you will be doing. Albus would like you to work alongside our new defense teacher as well as start a dueling club." McGonagall said setting her empty tea cup down. Harry grinned at the mention of the dueling club. "Who is our new DADA teacher?" Harry asked as Molly began to bustle around the kitchen making lunch. "Kingsley Shacklebolt has stepped up for the year. He said he would be delighted to train you this year." McGonagall said with a small smile. "Excuse me, professor." Hermione said, walking into the kitchen. "Yes, Miss. Granger?" McGonagall asked her lips twitching as if she knew what she was about to be asked. "Me, Ron, Luna, Ginny, and Neville was wondering if we could opt out of classes as well?" Hermione asked smiling slightly. "Unfortunately only Seventh Years may opt out. So Miss. Lovegood and Miss. Weasley may not. You, Mr. Longbottom and Mr. Weasley may take the test to see if you can. I will need a list of the classes you are taking. Miss. Lovegood and Miss. Weasley if you still wish to opt out by the end of your sixth year, come see me before you leave for the summer." McGonagall said as she stood up and conjured three separate pieces of Parchment. Hermione smiled as the three quickly wrote down the classes they were planning on taking. "There you go, professor." Hermione said as she handed McGonagall three pieces of parchment. "Thank you. I shall return tomorrow and the four of you will come to the school to take the test." McGonagall said standing up. "Four of us Professor?" Ron asked glancing at Harry. "Yes, Mr. Weasley. The Four of you. Albus wishes to talk to Harry and I suspect he will wish to talk to you three as well. Have a good afternoon." And with that McGonagall left for Hogwarts. Harry turned and grinned at his friends as Molly asked them to help set the table. HRHGNL Harry groaned as someone shook him awake. Harry and the others had stayed up talking about what they were going to do after school until four in the morning. It was another hour before Harry got to his house in Hogsmeade. Remus and Harry had been rather amused when Sirius told them he was buying a house on the outskirts of Hogsmeade. "Harry. Harry. HARRY!" Sirius shouted shaking his godson awake. "I'm up. I'm up." Harry muttered sitting up. "Good, Minerva wants you up at the school." Sirius said throwing a damp towel at Harry. Harry now noticed that his godfather had just stepped out of the shower if his damp hair was anything to go by. "Why? It's seven in the morning." Harry said with a groan. Two Hours. Harry was going to crash around Lunchtime and he knew it. "What time did you get in?" Sirius asked grinning as he pulled Harry up off the bed and shoved him toward the bathroom. "Five am." Harry responded as he shoved the door open. "Stay out late, making out with your boyfriend?" Sirius asked grinning. "No. I stayed up late at Ron's with the others talking about what we are going to do after Hogwarts. Plus, me and Charlie broke up." Harry said rolling his eyes as he stepped into the bathroom. Twenty minutes later, Harry was walking into the kitchen as Remus finished making breakfast. "So Harry, what are you and the others going to do after Hogwarts?" Remus asked, letting Harry know Sirius had told him about the conversation they had had. "I'm planning on taking over as the DADA teacher after graduation. Ron plans on taking over for Madam Hooch, Hermione for Madam Pince and Neville for Professor Sprout." Harry said as he made himself some coffee. "What about Ginny and Luna?" Remus asked putting a plate of bacon and eggs in front of Harry. "They aren't sure yet. Luna is thinking about taking over the Quibbler and I think Ginny is going to try and go pro in quidditch." Harry said as he started eating. Remus nodded started eating. "What does Albus want to see you about?" Remus asked as they finished up their breakfast and began to clean up. "Not sure, but more than likely it's about the dueling club. Or maybe the band." Harry said with a grin as he slid on the leather jacket Sirius had bought him for Christmas. Remus grinned at the mention of the band. It had started as a joke but was now a reality. In a few weeks, they would play for the first time in public at Bill and Fleur's wedding. "See you later, Harry." Remus said as Harry walked out the door. "Bye Moony!" Harry called as he swung onto his motorcycle. Remus had surprised everyone by giving Harry a motorcycle for his sixteenth birthday, much to Molly's chagrin. HRHGNL Harry grinned when he saw three people appear at the front gates as he pulled up. Hermione rolled her eyes at the site of the motorcycle. "Really Harry? You live five minutes from Hogwarts. Would it kill you to walk?" She asked jokingly. Harry just laughed and held out his hand to her as Ron and Neville pulled brooms from their pockets. Everyone knew by now that Hermione actually loved Harry's Motorbike just as much as he did and it was quicker than walking all the way to the castle. MaGonagall's lips twitched as two brooms and a motorbike came to a stop in front of her. She waited patiently as Hermione and Harry dismounted the bike and shut it off, while Ron and Neville had already shrunk the brooms they were using. "Follow me." MaGonagall said as she led them into the castle. Harry thought it was weird to be at the castle when no one was there. They stopped outside the potions classroom where Professor Snape was waiting. Ever since the war, Snape's demeanor had changed a good bit. Harry guessed that not having to live in fear that Voldemort would find you out and kill you would change