A/N: I'm a bit annoyed at myself for never writing an Alice/Bella fic, so I'm attempting to fix that. Hopefully this doesn't suck too much, because I'm a tad out of practice, and it's really hard to honestly critique your own work accurately. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Bella sighed as she failed to manage to fall asleep yet another night. Every time she closed her eyes, she felt like bursting into tears. She expected that she'd probably pass out in a few hours and have to go to school sleep-deprived and miserable. Such was her routine for the past week, ever since they left- since her family in all but... blood- abandoned her. Every time she tried to fall asleep, she felt like her heart was going to carve itself out of her chest with how much she missed them. It would've been easy enough if Edward had just broken up with her and they had stayed in town- she could cope with that, their relationship had gotten a bit awkward and distant lately anyway, and at least she'd have her best friend and family still. But that didn't happen, they all just left without a single word other than an insincere goodbye in the woods behind her house. "Alice," Bella whispered sadly as sobs wracked through her body. Why would she leave her? They were supposed to be inseparable best friends forever, yet she let herself be whisked away from her without even saying anything. Letting out another sigh, Bella tried to steer her mind clear of this topic. They'd been plaguing her constantly, and she was tired of the pain they brought. She did her best to clear her mind and get some sleep. Before long, she heard the sound of her window creaking open, and her heart rate skyrocketed. She'd left her window unlocked every night since the Cullens had left just in case someone came back for her, but now she was thinking that might've been a stupid idea. Was this a burglar? A kidnapper? Or even a nomad vampire...? Her window was pretty high up the ground, so it was hard to imagine a human being able to open it. "H-hello?" Bella called out lowly, her body started to tremble slightly. "Who's there?" "Bella," A feminine voice called out in a content tone as a figure crawled through her window. "Oh Bella, I missed you so badly." Bella's heart skipped a beat. "Alice?" She whispered, not believing her eyes. Standing before her was her best friend- her short, adorable, perfect little pixie of a vampire. Alice strode over to her bed and leaned down on top of it, wrapping Bella in a tight hug and nuzzling her pale neck, inhaling deeply through her nose. "What are you doing here?" Bella asked hesitantly as she wrapped her arms around the small girl who was clinging to her. "Are," Bella paused, "Are you going to just leave again? Is this you coming to say goodbye?" She asked in a soft tone of voice. "No, this is me coming back and saying screw it to the rest of my family." Alice murmured against her neck, before leaning back and looking the brunette in the eyes. "It was so hard being away from you for a week, knowing how much you must be hurting because of us, but I can't stay away any longer- I won't. If Edward has a problem with that, he can shove it, I don't care what he thinks or says any longer, I'm not going to let my family hold me back on this." Alice said fiercely. "Thank you, I missed you so much Alice," Bella pressed her forehead to the other girl's affectionately. "It hurt so badly when Edward told me that you had left without even coming to say goodbye- he said that none of you cared about me, that I was just a pet, but I know that's not true." Bella paused, "What do you mean by your family holding you back though? Do you mean on coming back, or-" Bella was interrupted by the feeling of soft lips pressing against her own, and her eyes bulged wide open. Alice was kissing her. Alice Cullen, her best friend, the sister of her ex boyfriend, and adorable pixie extraordinaire, was locking lips with her. Her mind went blank and her stomach felt like it was going to explode from raw emotion as Alice brought her hand to Bella's side and pulled her tightly against herself. "It's been so hard to not do that every time I saw you," Alice muttered as they pulled apart, content golden eyes meeting shocked brown ones. "Edward has been so cruel about this, too." Alice murmured. "He knew from the start what I felt for you- what happened to me the instant I saw you in school, but he couldn't accept that his sister's mate was another woman." Alice spat. "M-mate?" Bella whispered, still recovering from the best kiss she'd ever received. "Yes, Bella, you're my mate. My beautiful, lovely, clumsy human of a mate..." Alice sighed happily and sagged her shoulders, as if a weight was lifted off her chest. "I don't care what my family thinks, or what Edward thinks, the only person that can keep me away from you is you, Bella." Alice said, nuzzling into Bella's neck again and taking a deep whiff of her scent to calm herself down. "You," Alice paused to think about her wording. "You do want me to stay, right...?" Alice asked, staring up into Bella's eyes, looking and feeling more vulnerable than she could ever remember. "Um, yes, of course!" Bella stumbled out, still processing what was happening to her, but realizing that even though she'd refused to let herself acknowledge it due to dating her brother at the time, she'd always been extremely attracted to Alice, and now more than ever she could feel her heart pulling her towards the small vampire who claimed to be her true mate. "Are you sure? Your happiness is my number one priority, Bella, I don't want to force you into anything, especially since you don't feel the mate bond yet," Alice murmured. "I'm positive. Honestly, I never expected anything close to this to happen, but I love you Alice, I love you more than I thought it was possible to love anyone- it just feels so..." Bella trailed off. "Natural, and beautiful, and perfect." Bella gave the smaller girl a smile as she wrapped her in another tight hug. "Oh thank God," Alice let out a squeal of happiness, leaning down to deliver a kiss full of love and care to Bella's lips. Bella kissed back this time, and wrapped her arms around Alice's shoulders in order to press them tighter together as she melted into the kiss. Kissing Alice was indescribable- she felt full of passion, love, and excitement, whereas with Edward it had always just felt like he was indulging her need for affection without putting any feeling into it. Bella whimpered with need as she felt Alice's tongue lick her lips. She parted her mouth and let the invading tongue seek out her own. Bella slowly maneuvered her legs open so that she could wrap them around Alice's waist, desperate for more contact with her lovely vampire in any form. Alice started purring lightly as she nestled herself in between her mate's legs and pressed their bodies tightly against each other as they made out. They soon broke the kiss due to Bella's need for air. "Alice," She moaned softly and cupped the pale girl's cheeks with her palms. Alice's eyes were black with hunger when she opened them to gaze at Bella. "Do you want this?" She growled out in a husky tone. "I need you to let me know now, because I don't know if I'll be able to stop once we keep going." Alice said, stroking a hand down Bella's smooth stomach, only a thin shirt in the way of her flesh. "I do." Bella gulped, looking her vampire in the eyes. "I want this, I want you , Alice. I only want you ." Bella murmured, eliciting a moan of satisfaction from the small girl on top of her. "Good," Alice purred out and captured Bella's lips in a hungry kiss, pressing her body down in between Bella's legs tightly, but making sure to not exert enough force to hurt the fragile human. Alice slowly started to lift Bella's pajama shirt off of her body, taking the time to feel all of the revealed skin on the way. She reached Bella's breasts soon, and raised the shirt up over them, exposing them to the chilly night air as she palmed them gently. "Mmmm!" Bella moaned into Alice's mouth as the pixie felt her up. Alice's eyes darkened at her mate's cries of pleasure, and she broke the kiss to rip Bella's shirt the rest of the way off. "So gorgeous," Alice murmured as she gazed down at Bella's exposed tits. "So fucking sexy," She continued as she dipped her head down and planted rough kisses on Bella's areolas, before softly planting her lips directly on the brunette's nipples, suckling lightly on them. "Yes, Alice! Mmfh," Bella moaned out softly, before biting her lip to try to quiet herself down- it would be disastrous to ruin this moment by waking Charlie up. Alice disengaged her mouth from Bella's sizable boobs in order to rip off her own shirt with a frenzy, snapping her bra off at the same time. "Do you want to touch them, Bella?" Alice whispered breathily, pushing her torso up so that her modest C cup breasts were swaying near Bella's face. "Because this naughty vampire would love nothing more for you to play with her tits," Alice continued, eliciting a moan from the human girl. "Yes," Bella moaned out as she brought her hands up to grab a hold of Alice's firm breasts. The skin was just as solid as the rest of her body, but they felt soft to the touch, and Bella could feel herself getting more turned on by the moment as she groped and kneaded at Alice's chest. "Mm, just like that, my delicious , sexy, amazing Bella." Alice sighed out happily, a pleased look on her face. "I want to claim you, Bella." Alice growled out. "I want to make you mine, I want to mark you with my scent so that everyone knows that you belong to me," she paused, "And that I belong to you." Alice finished. "Please, I want you so badly Alice," Bella reached out for Alice's hand, and led it to the waist of her underwear, slipping it inside. "Make me yours, claim me all you want," Bella whispered, leaning forward to capture Alice's lips in a heated kiss. Alice growled into her mouth as two of her fingers pushed into Bella's dripping core. "You're so wet for me," Alice growled out in a husky voice as she pressed her fingers into Bella's center. "Alice!" Bella breathed out, finding it extremely hard to stay quiet. "Your fingers feel so good, God, you're so good," Bella sighed out as she leaned back and spread her legs further apart, baring herself completely to the vampire. "You smell so good, sooooo good," Alice murmured as the scent of Bella's heavy arousal hit her strongly. "So delicious I bet." Alice said, momentarily retrieving her fingers and bringing them to her lips, taking a long, slow lick to taste Bella's lovely juices. "You taste so fucking amazing, Bella," Alice groaned, "more, I need more," She whimpered out and reached down to lift Bella's hips and remove her underwear, mostly to prevent herself from tearing it off of the human girl. She dipped her head down and pressed her lips against Bella's glistening pussy. "Alice, mmm, Alice!" Bella cried out softly as she felt a cold, slippery tongue start to lick around her entrance,