A/N: Well, I'm trying to get back into the habit of writing frequently as well as trying to improve my writing in general, so I'm just going to see where this story takes me. I have a vague outline of what I'm going to write, so hopefully it turns out decently. Any reviews with criticisms or praise are appreciated- I just ignore reviews made for the sole purpose of flaming though. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any characters within it. Bella sighed, running her hands through her brunette hair in agitation. "You're kidding me, right?" She asked Alice, who was pacing back in forth in front of her. "Do you think I would joke about this Bella?" Alice sighed. "I know what I saw. Edward is going to practically force the Volturi's hand to effectively kill himself, and he's turned his cell phone off to prevent me from talking him out of it!" "Why? I don't understand how you guys can just pack up and leave for several months without a care in the world, but now that he thinks I'm dead rather than just never going to see any of you again, now he's regretful and can't live with himself?" Bella let out a deep breath. "Honestly, this is taking melodrama to the next level." She walked over to the drawer in the kitchen that had spare notebooks and pens. "All over a stupid misunderstanding, too." Alice stopped pacing and looked down at the ground. "I know I told you this already Bella, but I really am sorry that we all just 'packed up and left without a care in the world' as you called it- I didn't want to, but Edward told us that it was the best thing for you in the long run..." Alice trailed off. "I'm sure he did, Alice, and I can't really hold it against you for choosing Edward over some random human girl you guys, what was it he said? 'Didn't want anymore and were foolish to have tried pretend was a part of your family.'?" Bella glared at Alice for a moment. "I'm just disappointed in myself for believing I actually meant anything to any of you." "But Bella-" Alice quickly tried to retort, "And I'm even more disappointed in myself that I'm actually going to be worrying Charlie over this and putting myself in danger all to save your brother from killing himself over this circus show." Bella picked up a notebook and ripped out the first blank piece of paper she found. "You mean you'll come to Volterra to stop Edward..?" Alice looked up at Bella in shock. "After everything we did to you?" "Yes, well..." Bella paused to continue scribbling out a note to Charlie. "Unlike some people, I don't abandon people I care about, though at this point I use that phrase very loosely." Alice gave a sad smile. "Thank you Bella, you don't know how much this means to me- to all of us that you're going to help save my brother." Alice said. A few moments passed before Alice walked over to where Bella was finishing up her note and placed her hand on Bella's shoulder. "I'm sorry for not saying goodbye, I- I know I can't take it back, but that's something I've regretted every single day since we left." Alice said in a soft tone. Bella shrugged. "What's done is done, let's just get this Volturi thing over with and talk some sense into Edward." She said as she briskly walked over to the fridge and stuck the note to it using a spare magnet. "All right, I'll go ahead and buy us our plane tickets." Alice stated, thankfully dropping the previous topic. Bella briefly wondered if Alice even cared about the negative effects that they'd had on her life- specifically, what them leaving had done, but also what this entire new mess would do. She'd be lucky if Charlie only grounded her for a year. "Sure." Bella affirmed as Alice walked out of the room. "Well, might as well pack I guess." She muttered to herself and treaded over to the staircase leading to her and Charlie's rooms. She figured that she'd only need a few days worth of stuff, so she just packed some clothes, her toothbrush and toothpaste, deodorant, all of the standard stuff that one might pack during an international trip to an exotic place to prevent a vampire from committing suicide. The usual. After double checking to make sure she had everything she needed, Bella grabbed her suitcase and walked out of her room, closing the door behind her. She made her way down the stairs into the living room where Alice was waiting with an unreadable expression. "Are you ready to leave?" She asked in a hopeful tone, likely eager to get on the road as fast as possible. "Yeah, sure, let's go." Bella responded and followed Alice out the door, making sure to lock it behind her since Charlie wouldn't be arriving home for several hours still. She opened the back passengers seat door of Carlisle's black Mercedes, and plopped down her bag, before closing it and hopping in the front seat. Alice wordlessly started the car and began what was supposed to be a long drive to the Seattle airport where they'd be catching their flight to Florence, Italy. Xxx A noticeably short time later- full of anxiety and panic on Bella's side no matter how much she knew deep down that they were perfectly safe regardless of how insane Alice's driving seemed to be- they were at the airport. "Come on, our flight is already boarding." Alice said as they briskly walked through the crowded halls of the airport after checking in Bella's suitcase as luggage. "Are we going to make it in time?" Bella asked, causing Alice to shoot her a strange look. "Oh, right." Bella said and gave a humorless chuckle. All those months without talking to Alice made her momentarily forget the pixie's gift. They made it through security without any problems , and shortly afterwards just barely made it onto their flight before the terminal closed. Bella took her seat- thankfully a window seat- and wondered about what they were going to do when they arrived in Italy. She imagined Alice had some sort of plan, but she was curious how long they'd actually be in Italy, where they'd be staying, and if she'd have to meet any of these "Volturi" that the Cullens had told her about. It made her kind of nervous, actually. The way Carlisle had described them, they were basically vampire royalty that loved to snack on eager tourists that didn't have a connection to their city, or to them. Bella seemed to fit that bill pretty nicely. She figured that Alice would let her know if she was in any danger, but... Could she really count on the small vampire to tell her anything if she had to choose between Bella or her brother? She kind of doubted that. Okay, she really doubted that. 'Oh well, it's too late to back out now.' Bella thought, sighing. She really hoped that she didn't get eaten, but appreciated the morbid irony in the scenario that she ended up getting feasted on by bloodthirsty vampiresdirectly due to Edward's actions, which he had only done because he thought she was dead already. "All passengers please buckle your seat belts now, and the flight will begin shortly." A voice sounded out over the intercom. "Thank you for choosing United, and we hope you enjoy your flight." Soon, the flight took off, and Bella felt her eyes drooping shut, exhaustion hitting her heavily, before everything went dark. Xxx "Pst, Bella, wake up." Alice whispered to her softly, nudging her shoulder. "Alice," Bella stated groggily as she woke up. "Are we almost there?" "Yes, the flight attendant just announced we'd be landing in ten minutes. I'm surprised you slept so long, the flight was just under 11 hours long." Alice said. "It's probably for the best that I did I guess." Bella replied, going back to looking out the window. "Wow..." Bella said as she looked at the Italian countryside. "Italy is beautiful from up here," Bella muttered in awe as she looked down at vast scrolling plains and farms, with the occasional small town scattered in. Before long, a large sprawling city came into sight, and the plane started to dip downwards on a direct trajectory towards it. "Please refasten your seat belts passengers, as we're preparing to land. We hope you enjoyed your flight, and welcome you to Florence, Italy." The voice called out in a pleasant tone over the intercom system. As soon as the plane landed and they were able, Alice lead them out of the plane at a quick pace(for humans, that is). "We need to hurry up, we don't have a lot of time left. Edward is planning on stepping into the sun at noon, so we need to get to him before that." Alice said. "Noon? It's already 11:00 right now!" I said with a gasp. "I know, that's why we have to hurry!" Alice said urgently as she lead Bella out of the airport. "You aren't opposed to a little grand theft auto, right?" Alice flashed her a smirk. "I guess if we don't have any other options..." Bella returned nervously. "Great, be right back." Alice flashed off. A few minutes later, a bright yellow Porsche pulled up in front of Bella. "Couldn't you have chosen a car a bit more... conspicuous?" She asked the small vampire. "Probably, but isn't this car just the most adorable thing ever? Anyways, we don't have time to be picky, let's go!" Alice said as she hammered the gas and started on the drive to Volterra. What normally would've taken an hour took us around 40 minutes, which left us with 10 minutes until noon. "Okay Alice, this is all you, where's Edward?" Bella questioned. "He's in the main plaza of the city. We'll have to walk from here, follow me." Alice said, getting out of the car and grabbing hold of Bella's hand, dragging her along at a rather quick pace. The minutes ticked down until finally at 11:58 they spotted him. "Edward!" Bella called out, knowing he'd hear her. His head whipped around and stared at her in shock. "Bella? What on Earth are... I thought you died?" Edward said, his face fixed in a state of disbelief. "Well, as you can see, I'm still very much alive, and I don't plan on changing that any time soon." Bella paused, "Honestly, I can't believe you guys all thought I would kill myself on your behalf." Bella finished acidly. "There!" Alice said happily as she rushed to Edward and embraced him. "Now please, let's stop this ridiculousness and get out of here!" She pleaded. A large figure walked up to them. "I'm afraid that's not going to be possible- the kings have requested your presence Edward, and you two will have to come along as well." The figure said. "Hello Felix. Very well, I'll come along, but please leave Alice and Bella out of it, they did nothing wrong." Edward asked the large man. "The kings will be the judge of that, though the fact that the human girl clearly knows what we are means something is clearly wrong with this situation." Felix said, pointing at Bella. "I'd suggest coming along peacefully, you really don't want to make a scene." He continued. "I... Very well." Edward sighed in frustration, nodding to Felix. "Great." Bella muttered as Felix beckoned them to follow him to the side entrance of a large castle. The large vampire opened the door and beckoned them inside. "Ladies first," he said with a grin after Edward had already walked through the doorway. I found myself giggling despite the situation, and I walked through the door into the dark hallway that was furnished