" Hi, I'm Renee. Renee Madison." Renee Madison, the new student from America, didn't fit Hogwarts's definition of an American, or a new student. She was of medium height with medium length brown hair and brown eyes. She had a fiery temper when set off, but was calm for the most part. " Hi Renee, I'm Edward. Edward Thomas. Are you the new seventh year Gryffindor?" Renee was beautiful and smart, but she didn't sit back and take life at Hogwarts like some expected her to. On her second day, she jinxed a boy for not leaving her alone - he had been trying to pick her up. In the months since then, there had been an ever-decreasing number of boys that tried to ask her out or help her more than she needed. Her preferred mode of warning someone to back off was a nice jinx to the face. " Yeah, I guess I am. Are you in Gryffindor?" This only made her more desirable. " Yeah, I am. Want me to show you where your class is?" The only question was who would get her first? " Sure, thanks." "Renee, m'lady!" Renee scowled at the boy that sat down next to her. "How many times do I have to tell you not to call me that?" The boy merely laughed. "At least once more, as always." The couple across the table smirked at the pair. "Edward, be careful. Remember what happened to David." Edward grinned. "But Liza, my dear, that just makes it more interesting." Renee muttered a spell and turned his hair canary yellow for good measure, though she hadn't ruled out jinxing him just yet. Liza and Scorpius, being the good sports that they were, tried to hide their sniggering. Renee wondered how long it would take Edward to notice. Liza coughed slightly to control her snorting and raised an eyebrow at Renee. "We should get going to Arithmancy." She turned her attention to Scorpius. "See you later," she sighed, proceeding to kiss him. Renee and Edward grimaced at each other. According to Edward, it had taken until their sixth year for Scorpius to buck up the courage to ask Liza out. As Renee had only ever seen them together, she had originally assumed that it had been a much longer relationship. Once the couple broke apart, the guys and girls went their separate ways. The girls walked to Arithmancy laughing and chatting about Quidditch, boys and homework while they heard the boys animatedly discussing the prospects for the English national team in this year's Quidditch World Cup. Renee couldn't concentrate on Professor Vector's lesson, her mind wandered of its own accord to the dungeons where the guys were in Potions. She wondered how Professor Heineka had reacted to Edward's canary hair. Halfway through the period, Renee realized what she was doing and mentally slapped herself. She hoped that Liza and Allyson hadn't noticed her non-attentive air. She refocused herself and found that she was able to concentrate much better when she thought about Quidditch. Albus, the captain and one of the Chasers, had a new move planned for Liza and Renee, the other Chasers. It was a rather complex maneuver, but Renee thought that it was fun, and if she concentrated, she was able to almost understand it. This line of thought helped her mind stay in the Arithmancy room, under Renee's control. When they met the boys again over lunch, Edward's hair was back to its normal almost-black color. "Thank you for the new look, Renee, but bright yellow just isn't my color." Edward walked over and sat next to Renee. "I don't know what you're talking about, Edward." Renee feigned surprise. "You're wearing black robes, and the Gryffindor color is gold, not yellow." Edward merely gave her a sarcastic smile and turned back to Albus, with whom he had entered the Great Hall. Renee turned to Rose. "How's Jason doing?" Rose smiled. "He's good. He's glad that I'm so good at Potions, I have to help him a lot." She laughed. Renee laughed along. Jason Nott was Rose's Slytherin boyfriend. They had met through Scorpius who was friends with them both; at least, that's what Liza had told Renee. After lunch the Gryffindors, along with Jason, had Care of Magical Creatures together. They were looking forward to this class because it was Hagrid's tradition to provide a fire full of salamanders on the class after the first snowfall of the year, no matter what age the students happened to be. When the seven friends reached the doors to the grounds, however, they all groaned. The snow that had fallen the previous day was being washed away by a rainstorm. "Rain in the middle of December?" Albus complained loudly. "It should be snowing!" The ceiling of the Great Hall had been cloudy, but then again it had been that way for the past month. Hagrid came up to the castle. "Sorry class, we're gonna be inside today." Hagrid brought out the salamanders, and they cared for them in the Great Hall. Everyone was quieter than normal. This day was the day that they most looked forward to in the winter months and it had been denied to them. The salamanders were warm and scaly, which only made it worse. They all wished that they could have been outside in the snow. "So, how are you?" Renee asked Albus with a sad sigh. He sighed in agreement. "I'm pretty good. How are you?" Renee couldn't answer because everyone rushed to the windows. It had begun snowing again. "All righ' everyone," Hagrid called out. "Get yer cloaks, we're gonna head outside. Don't ferget yer Salamanders." For the remainder of the double period they happily attended to their annual bonfire. The snow was falling perfectly, the bonfire was warm, and the salamanders looked white-hot, as they should. Renee chatted happily with Liza about Quidditch and Albus's new plan for the remainder of the season as they collected wood to fuel the fire. That night in the common room, Renee helped Allyson with her Transfiguration homework while Edward, Albus, Rose and Scorpius worked on Potions together. Liza was out doing Head Girl duty. "Aha!" Allyson exclaimed, throwing her quill down. "I get it!" Renee smiled. "All because of your wonderful, amazing tutor, right?" They both giggled. With only one day left until the Christmas holidays, Renee didn't have any more homework so she settled down in an armchair with her favorite book. The first parchment ball that landed in her lap was ignored. The second was thrown into the fire along with the first. When three identical balls landed at the same time, Renee decided to open one. Renee, m'lady – What are you doing? -Edward Renee threw the other two into the fire and scribbled a note back. Ignoring you. She looked behind her to where he was sitting. He was facing to the side, his head bent over his homework. Perfect. Renee took aim and threw, pausing just long enough to see the crumpled ball collide with the side of his face. Smirking to herself, Renee sat back down, hiding herself behind the back of the armchair. She knew that she was a Chaser for a good reason. Before she could get completely settled the paper ball was back in her lap. And failing beautifully. So, what are you doing for the Christmas holidays? Renee rolled her eyes and grabbed her quill. I'm not sure. Mom and Dad haven't written to tell me if they got a Portkey for me to go home. I'll probably stay here. This time Renee used her wand to send the note. Quicker than she expected, it was back. I'm sorry. I'll ask my dad if you can come over, if you want. Renee was touched. She felt like there were butterflies doing a happy dance in her heart, and she was sure that her mouth had a goofy smile on it, so it took a moment before she could control herself enough to respond. Thanks, but I wouldn't want to intrude on your family. Thoroughly curious about what his response would be, Renee waited for the ball to land in her lap. She hadn't expected such a generous thought and, though she wouldn't admit it, she really appreciated his offer. Soon enough his reply landed. You wouldn't be intruding. You want me to ask? Renee smiled as she replied. If you want to. Thanks. Renee sent the note and collected her things. It was getting late and she was getting tired. "Good night, m'lady!" Edward called after her. Renee ignored him, though she was still smiling. The next day dawned bright and clear. Renee wasn't used to so much light this early in the morning, so when it invaded the room and shone on her face, she groaned and turned over in her bed. "Renee, get up! Look outside!" came Liza's much-too-awake voice. Renee said nothing, so Liza whacked her with a pillow. "Alright, I'm up," Renee grumbled. When she got up and looked outside, however, all sleepiness was forgotten. The snow had continued throughout the night and the grounds were completely covered in snow. The dormitory was filled with squeals of delight as Liza woke up Allyson and Rose. Renee dressed quickly and warmly. Oh, how glad she was that she only had four classes today! During breakfast, Edward and Scorpius planned an epic snow battle to be fought after classes were over. Renee, Rose and Liza agreed to join in, and it was agreed that Albus, who hadn't come down yet, was going to be forced to join. Once he did show up, it was decided that Edward and Albus were to be team captains and they each picked their team. The teams as they were by the first class were Albus, Liza and Renee against Edward, Scorpius and Rose. It was also agreed that they wouldn't use wands - only snow. Renee couldn't concentrate on Professor Allen's Defense Against the Dark Arts lecture, but neither could the rest of the class. It was the last class of the day for the Gryffindors, and the six friends were anxious to get outside the castle. When there was only a minute left until freedom, Professor Allen called the class to attention. "Now, I know that those of you who were planning on staying over break are wondering when the sign up list will be coming around, and I assure you all that it will be passed out tomorrow morning." Finally, the bell rang. The Gryffindors sprinted to Gryffindor Tower together to drop off their things. As they left, Edward's owl appeared at the window. Edward grabbed Renee's arm and they held back while the others left the common room. Edward opened the letter and read quickly, a smile growing on his lips. Once he finished he looked up at Renee. "My dad says that you can come over for the holiday. If you want," he added, looking hopeful. Renee had thought about this the previous night and that day, so she was ready with an answer. "If you're sure," she started hesitantly. When he nodded, she continued, "Then I'd be happy to." His face lit up. "I'll let my dad know and meet you outside." He ran up to his dormitory with his owl on his shoulder. Renee smiled to herself as she turned to run outside. "Where's Edward?" Scorpius demanded as soon as Renee reached their meeting place before the battle. "He's sending something to his dad, he'll be down soon," she assured him. Once they were all gathered in the field, the preparations began. Albus, Liza and Renee built their fort and prepared the snowballs that would stay in the fort. The decision of who would stay behind as their "cannon" was hard as they all had good throwing arms, which made sense because they all were Chasers. In the end, it was decided that Liza had