A/N: Welcome to this newest addition. This Short story is an elongated fix based off of my third chapter in my death eater express drabble collection. This is dedicating to Flame4Thought who gave me something to think about in her review. I hope you all enjoy this piece. It is unbetaed so if you see mistakes I appreciate it you would actually draw my attention to where so I can fix them instead of just pointing out they exist. I want my story to be as correct as possible so all can enjoy it, but it is hard to catch them all myself. The brunette curly haired witch could not stop thinking about Regulus Black. She was in hiding with her two best friends and they were hunting down horcruxes to attempt to destroy them and increase their odds of defeating Voldemort. The trio, hiding out at Grimmauld Place, the now vacant former order headquarters and estate of the late Sirius Black, were trying to discover where the locket might be. The one they had was a fake, inside a simple note that proved the younger black sibling had betrayed his leader and wanted to redeem himself. But he had been murdered for his defiance. The boy had been so young, barley out of school when he died, his life cut far too short. And he died still commonly believed to be a dark wizard, an irredeemable criminal. It made the witch feel melancholy. She was a young witch, siding with the light but so close to darkness and danger all the time on her quest to save the world that she wondered how she would be remembered if she were to die. It seemed that the world only saw things on the surface, they didn't look deeper to discover the truth. The truth was that she was a terrified teenager trying to survive in a world where she had to defend herself and her friends because she was otherwise very much alone. It was true that Hermione was useful to her friends, saving their asses and doing their research and their homework to boot, and she was positive that they cared for her, and the order of the phoenix they considered her an asset. She was fighting for them, and if she were to be killed in this war, she certainly would be missed, but she wondered, would people even care if she died? They didn't for him. Even Sirius, a man she had called her friend, the only person who she allowed to call her nicknames that made her cringe, he never spoke of his own brother, never mentioned his name. Regulus may have been a dark wizard, but Sirius was his brother and Hermione thought that the poor boy must have felt terribly isolated, and felt that Sirius should regret the way he treated his younger brother in his life. After days of obsessing Hermione decided that it was time to take measures into her own hands. It may be illegal, it may be dangerous, but then she did illegal and dangerous things everyday under the guise that she was fighting for the light. Hermione was going to bring him back, she was going to go back and change the course of history. Or so she hoped. She carefully pulled out her old time-turner, which she still had in her possession since third year, from her little blue beaded bag and drew the long chain over her neck. She wouldn't be gone long, just long enough, so she was not worried about Harry or Ron. She spun the dial twenty times and was overcome by a sense of spiraling, which in theory she was, through time. When the sensation passed she opened her brown eyes and frowned. There she stood in the Hogwarts corridor watching a heated exchange between two wizards. One she recognized instantaneously from the way his hair hung in his face, the way he stood as if posing for something, it was Sirius. The wizard before him was similar in looks, but had a wider jaw, darker eyes and longer hair that was carefully groomed to not sit in his face. Despite the fact that Hermione had never seen a portrait of the young man she assumed it must be Regulus, the looks were just too similar for him not to be. But it was all wrong. These were just boys, they couldn't be any older than sixteen which meant that at the most Sirius was in his fifth year. She had gone back too far, at this point Regulus wouldn't even be marked yet, if he even knew who the Dark Lord was, they wouldn't have any idea what she was talking about. However the teenaged witch saw an opportunity to perhaps save more than one person's fate here. She just had to figure out how exactly she should do that. She noticed suddenly that the conversation, or argument depending on viewpoint, had ceased and that both wizards were staring at her. There was a gleam in Sirius's eye that she recognized as playful, yet suddenly without so many physical age differences between them the look made her uncomfortable as the boy wizard gave her an appraising once over that was more like a public undressing. "Hello Kitten," He said with a smirk. "Who might you be?" Regulus on the other hand looked straight at her and Hermione didn't mistake the cold hard suspicion in his eye. The similarities in appearance between the two brothers were ill matched by their attitudes. They behaved so opposite from the other that if they didn't look alike she never would guess they were related. And the look in Regulus eyes when she met his gaze made her shiver. "Yes who are you?" A third voice entered the equation, coming from behind her. It was a voice the young witch would recognize anywhere, and she shuddered involuntarily. Severus Snape. A young Severus Snape. "Um" She squeaked out and flushed, embarrassed by the small sound. She wondered briefly if she could flee the room. But she was trapped, despite the long corridor, there were two wizards in front of her and one very powerful wizard who was quick with his wand behind her and there were no classrooms between where she was cornered. If she moved in any direction one of the three were sure to catch her. It wasn't how she wanted to do this, and frankly she realized that she didn't think things all the way through. This was not one of her better ideas. "My name is Hermione Granger." She began only to be cut off by Regulus speaking. "I don't really care who you are, the fact is you are not a student here so what are you doing here?" "Yes, Um, I'm getting to that point." She replied awkwardly. "As I said, My name is Hermione Granger and I've come from the future." Oh Merlin, had she just said that? How corny, It was like a bad line straight out of a movie. The looks she received from the wizards in turn proved the fact that she had made an already unbelievable statement even more so. She mentally slapped her head. Then she imagined Severus Snape whacking her on the head in his usual style she so often noticed with Harry and Ron. "The truth would be a good thing, I think Kitten." Chuckled Sirius. "I am telling you the truth. Look I can prove it." She pulled out her time-turner. "This is a time-turner, it allows a witch or wizard to turn the dial forwards or backwards to move through time. I have one because when I was in my third year in Hogwarts in 1994, I had too many courses that were often held at the same time, but Dumbledore allowed me to use this to be able to take all of them. "Tall tales, time-turners are hard to come by, only highly ranked Department of Mysterious officials are allowed to use them. A young girl would not have access to one, you will have to do better than that." Severus hissed. Hermione whirled around to face him and gave him a sneer. "You want me to prove more. Fine. You, boy, are Severus Tobias Snape, you are a half blood, your mother a squib from the Prince line, and you are in love with your childhood friend and young muggle-born witch by the name of Lily Evans." Here she paused for effect letting the truth sink and watching as his face coveted into a furious expression. "In the future you are my potions professor." Before the wizard could retaliate she had spun back around and was addressing Sirius. "Sirius Black. You are a Gryffindor, which is a stain on your house's name if your parent's are to be listened to, and you are mates with Prongs, Mooney and Wormtail, you yourself are also known as Padfoot. You happen to be the godfather of my best friend and the only person I allow to call me kitten for your information." Before Sirius could even give his trademark grin she was already moving on. "You're Regulus Black, the younger brother to that one there and you uphold tour family's motto Toujours Pur, but I really must confess that I don't actually know that much about you because where I come from you are dead and nobody ever utters your name." She yelled in frustration and was met by all three boys' complete silence. Which was eventually broken by them talking over her, as if she were not standing right there, really, and to each other. "Wait you Love Lily?" Sirius asked Severus who ignored him except for a glare. "There is no way, no way would anybody know that much about me, nobody knows that about me." Severus commented. "I think she might actually be telling the truth." Regulus remarked. "Perhaps the hallway isn't the best place to have this conversation." Offered Sirius. The others nodded and in the next second she found herself being ushered into an empty classroom up ahead. "Now. Explain." Said Severus. "I came back to warn you, I mean, I didn't quite plan on you all being here but the more the merrier." Hermione said. "Well gathering the fact that I'm dead in the future, I take it you came back for me then?" Inquired Regulus. "Yes I did. I don't know the best way of going about this." She replied. "Do you all know who Voldemort is?" Sirius froze in his place, and his gaze shot towards his brother. Severus and Regulus shared a look, and in unison they all nodded their heads in the affirmative. "Good, then I can explain less than I thought. I came back to give Regulus a warning, but the oppetunity seems to have presented itself for me to save more than one today. I'll make this quick because I don't have much time left." "What do you mean you don't have much time?" Sirius cried out. "She means that stupid necklace is going to pull her forwards to her own time at any minute now you dunderhead." Severus replied. "Severus, my warning to you is to find something in your life that brings you joy, don't fall prey to what others think of you, or how they treat you. Find some semblance of happiness. Sirius, I need you to rethink your trust in wormtail, he doesn't prove to be trustworthy in the future no matter how he seems right now, Don't ever let him become Prong's secret keeper. Also avoid the Department of Mysteries at all costs, all costs, no matter what the circumstances might be in the year 1996. Regulus, don't ever join Voldemort. Don't do it, don't care what your parents have to say about it, and don't join him to feel the need to betray him later. I can't tell you what the outcome will be if