A/N: The first chapter is now edited and rewritten from the original version. I am honored for all of my readers who bore with me through this despite the earlier flaws so these edits are for you guys. Any newcomers aboard this crazy train here, I sincerely hope you enjoy, and can hang tight while I continuously work to improve this story. Thank you to Slyterclaw Faerie for betaing this edited chapter, it was a tremendous amount of work for her. Disclaimer: I do not have any claims to the Harry Potter universe, so if you recognize it it's not mine. I merely write as a hobby. Hermione stared at her reflection in the long, ornate mirror that adorned the back of the stone door in her new Hogwarts dorm. Left in solitude in her new quarters, Hermione found her composure and stared at her reflection. Amazed, she couldn't recall a time when she was ever as beautiful as this. She marveled at how her unruly, brown curls cascaded down her back in soft, tamed ringlets. A small section of her hair was braided and pinned up as though she were wearing a crown. Her face was enlightened by the cosmetics she wouldn't normally wear. A rosy blush put some color on her paler complexion, and her eyes were brought out by the elegant gold eyeshadow and dark liner and mascara. A translucent, baby pink lip gloss gave her mouth a little pout, perfecting the look. She wore a white, tea length, sleeveless, lace gown. The neckline dipped to expose her cleavage in a style that was a little less than modest. She was the picture of the perfect bride, but it wasn't the wedding she had envisioned for herself. She resigned herself to her fate, not having a choice over the marriage or the groom, due to the new marriage law. Hermione wasn't going to face Azkaban over being opposed to it. Flashback Dear Miss. Granger, The Ministry of Magic is pleased to inform you, with approval from Minister Kingsley Shacklebolt and the Wizengament, of Ordinance #7352. This legislation has passed to end class segregation within the wizarding world. The law designates that all eligible witches and wizards between the ages of 17 and 50 must marry a spouse from the opposite side of the recent wizarding war in an effort to support unity and rehabilitation . It is with great pleasure that we inform you that you have been paired with Mr. Antonin Dolohov. To comply with, the law, all couples must be married within a month of receiving this notice. They are urged to be amicable as children are expected from the union. If a couple is childless or otherwise discount with the union at the end of five years one or both parties may file for divorce to be ruled on by the Department of Marriage and Family. Failure to comply with this ordinance will result in substantial fines including a minimum two year sentence to Azkaban . Attached, you will find a file on your selected match, and the wizard you have been paired with will contact you within the week. Regards, Valerie Greenebrough Head of the Department of Wizarding Marriage and Families. Shocked, Hermione dropped the letter as she finished reading it. The law was absolutely Ludacris! They had the nerve to pair her with a man whom had tried to kill her on more than one occasion. Hermione had been at his trial and realized that he was under the Imperious Curse the whole of his service to Voldemort. She realized that he had not willingly acted against her, and didn't hate him any longer. Regardless, she couldn't shake the fear she felt when she heard his name. She was determined to voice her opinion on the ordinance and strode with vehemence from the Great Hall towards the Headmistress's office, the letter now gripped firmly in her hand. End flashback Unfortunately, Minerva had not been able to do anything to help Hermione in this, the law was ironclad and irrefutable with no known loopholes . Hermione's only choice was to accept it, and in the three weeks since she'd received the letter resigned herself to her fate. Her fiancé had made every attempt to get to know her in those short weeks. He wrote her a heartfelt letter of apology for his deeds in the war. He asked her on a date to ask if to get to know her before the wedding . Antonin's confession that he was thrilled by the match terrified her at first, but reading further she realized it wasn't because he agreed with the law. He was only glad that he had been paired with a beautiful, intelligent and powerful witch who could hold her own in a duel. She was flattered by his praise, but there were still concerns, like the fact he was so much older and she wondered how much they would have in common. A soft knock sounded on the door, but Hermione found herself, unable to utter a reply. A loud creak sounded , when the door opened to admit the Headmistress. "It's nearly time my dear girl," Minerva smiled in sympathetic support, and Hermione nodded. "I thought perhaps you might put stock in a muggle tradition for brides. I believe it goes something borrowed, something blue…" Hermione looked away from the mirror and into her Professor's eyes, wondering how Minerva could know how Hermione had always loved the old tradition. She found comfort in the familiar words of the phrase. She had always intended to use the tradition in her own wedding, but feared that it would been seen as a silly muggle thing. "As I thought. Now I happen to know that the dress is new, as your groom had it custom ordered for you, and that your earrings are both old and borrowed, from Miss Weasley I suspect. This would fulfil the something blue category." Minerva pulled an elegant sapphire pendant from her pocket and clasped it around Hermione's neck. It was gorgeous and complimented her gown beautifully. Still at a loss for words, Hermione smiled in gratitude as she hugged her professor. She was nervous. She had gotten to know Antonin better and knew he wasn't the menacing man from her nightmares from when they met in battle. However, they were forced into this, and neither one of them would have chosen this circumstance for themselves. This was a path neither one had elected for themselves. The idea of consummating the marriage was frightening to her, given that she had little experience sexually . Alas, the law dictated that it must occur. Minerva may have given Hermione her one wedding dreams, but the ministry had interfered with the idea she had for this day since she was little. Hermione held back the tears pooling in her eyes, knowing that Ginny would be annoyed if Hermione wrecked her make-up by crying. Minerva cast a tempus charm and pursed her lips. "It is time," The stern but kindly woman said. Outside the door, Harry waited at the end of the corridor. This law had put Hermione at odds with her friends. They believed that she was giving up too easily, and should instead stand up to the ministry. Harry was annoyed with Hermione accepting the match and pissed that she was paired with a Death Eater. The Law, which wouldn't come into effect until that summer, needed at least one couple to show the unsuspecting public how it would work. Harry, already being engaged to Ginny, was exempt from the law. The ministry would have preferred to use his status as a war hero to be the poster child for the new law, but were loath to break up his engagement. Hermione was the next best thing. It was easy for Harry to pass judgment on her when he didn't find himself facing the consequences for not obeying the new law. The closest thing she had to a brother, Harry agreed, albeit reluctantly, to walk her down the aisle, despite his objections. Her parents were happily living in Australia, not knowing they had a daughter who was getting married. Her friend smiled warmly as she approached him and hugged her tightly, whispering in her ear. "You look beautiful, Hermione." He said in a very soft voice. "No matter, what, I'm here for you." "Thank you, Harry," Hermione's voice cracked from lack of use and the raw emotion of the day. The door of the Room of Requirement opened to unveil a small chapel. Though, not religious, Hermione loved the architecture and stained-glass windows of old cathedrals and always wanted to be married in one. The colors of glass reflected off of the stone path under the guise of sunlight streaming through. A plethora of colors reflected off the stone floor from the sunlight streaming through the windows. She was instantly reminded of the beauty of magic. Hermione logically knew there were no windows in this part of the castle, yet she truly felt she was walking in a church. She almost smiled, until she saw Antonin at the end of the walkway. She swallowed nervously, and looked down. He was smirking at her, not in a malicious way she knew, but with how she felt, his smirk was the last thing she needed to see. She noticed his trembling hands as she approached. He was nervous too it seemed. They had only met once since being paired, so this was only the second time they were facing each other since the war ended. Harry kissed her on the cheek and placed her hand in Antonin's before throwing the wizard a death glare. Hermione took a couple of deep breaths, in an attempt to calm her racing nerves, and mustering up her Gryffindor courage, looked up at her soon-to-be husband. Her warm, whiskey hued, eyes met his misty blue ones, and she gave him a small smile before shifting her expression into a grimace towards the Ministry officials seated in the front row. She didn't miss the smirk Antonin provided at that, and he squeezed her hand reassuringly. Kinsley began the ceremony by welcoming the guests and led into the exchanging of vows. "Miss Granger, repeat after me. I, Hermione, take thee Antonin to be my lawfully wedded Husband, to love and obey, to honor with loyalty, and forever be faithful unto, from this moment until the minute of my death." Hermione's eyes flashed with her fury at the binding words, they were preposterous, but none-the-less she repeated them. Antonin stated similar vows . "I Antonin, take thee Hermione to have and to hold, to love and to cherish, to honor with loyalty, to forever be faithful unto, and to respect you, from this moment until the minute of my death." Hermione gasped in surprise, he had added a line to his vows, nowhere in the prompt Kinsley had provided was there anything about respect. And yet he had said it. When she looked back in his eyes she saw a twinkle. Kinsley turned back to face her. "Do you both swear to uphold these vows?" "I do," she whispered hating herself for agreeing to this law. She was hopeful that this match wouldn't be so bad. "I do," echoed Antonin. "Do you have tokens of these vows?" The Minister of Magic asked. She nodded, and placed a single gold band on Antonin's finger; he followed suit and placed a thin, diamond encrusted, white gold band on her finger. "I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride." Unprepared for this, Hermione tensed. It was their first kiss, and she didn't want to think about the audience there to witness it. Before she could protest, Antonin leaned forward and pressed his lips against hers. The kiss was warm, sweet and gentle, over almost as soon as it began. He pulled away from her, but kept her hand clasped