A/n: Thanks to everyone who has stuck around! Also, thanks to my wonderful beta/pre-readers, Ticia and Lady Eve. This story picks up right where The Contract leaves off. Rating will increase. Edit: Thank you to skyla2010star for the beta! Edit2: The "Sexual Content" note in the summary and the rating are, so far, only for one chapter. The notes will indicate when the rating changed. Chapter 1 Harry Potter made his way up to his apartment, his mind still reeling from his meeting with Severus - his final meeting so it would seem. He couldn't shake the feeling that it couldn't end like this. He wasn't sure what he was supposed to do, though. It wasn't as if he could just go there again and yell at him, make Severus see reason. He didn't feel as if he could just give up, though. Harry walked in the door and found Hermione sitting on the couch, and her feet curled up. She was right where he'd left her, reading a book. When he walked in, she looked up at him. Her eyes went to the vial in his hand before going back up to his face. "You have the last vial," she told him, "the last drop. You must be relieved. It's not over, but at least, it's a step, right?" "Yeah, relieved…" Relief was the furthest thing from Harry's mind right now. He felt hurt and confused. He should feel relieved, but he didn't, not in the slightest. "Is everything okay?" Hermione asked, her face concerned. "Brilliant," Harry said. He knew he must have sounded sarcastic, but he couldn't find the strength to fake it right now. Hermione closed her book and put it on the table. "What's wrong?" Harry sighed, and sat down on the other side of the couch. "Nothing." She gave him that look, that look that said she was smarter than he was, his best friend, and that he couldn't fool her. "He shut the door in my face. He handed me the vial, and said 'Have a nice life, Potter' and then shut the door in my face." Hermione was quiet for a moment before she responded. "What did you want him to do?" she said, a careful tone in her voice. "The contract is over." Harry nodded, knowing that she was right, or at least, she should be right. "It obviously bothers you, though." It did bother him. He had just come to terms with the fact that he… that he might have feelings for Severus and then… "Yeah, it does," he said. "I guess I thought…" He shook his head. "It doesn't matter." Hermione scooted a bit closer to him and put a hand on his arm. "You know you can tell me anything, Harry." "There's nothing to tell," Harry said, immediately trying to shut off his feelings. He didn't want to talk to Hermione. He didn't want to admit that he might have, that he… "I thought we might have moved past all that crap, but I guess not." He stood up. "I'm going to go and lay down." He walked into the kitchen and got himself a glass of water before he went into his room, leaving Hermione on the couch. It wasn't that Harry didn't appreciate it, but what he was supposed to tell her? That he thought Severus had feelings for him to him too, but obviously he didn't? Sure, that would go over well. ~*o*x*o*x*o*x*o*x~ Hermione spent the next week helping Harry study for the Healer's Entrance Exam when she wasn't at work. He would have tried to get one practice session at the lab, but he knew that Severus would shut the door in his face. He knew Hermione had gotten frustrated with him on more than one occasion, but studying had never been his strong suit. When the night before the test came, Harry was sure that he couldn't stuff another piece of information in his head. "You need to study, Harry! Who knows when you'll be able to take the test again!" Hermione cried. Harry was currently leaning forward with his face in his hands. His head was throbbing. "Hermione, I know you're trying to help, but we've been studying all week," he told her. "If I'm not going to pass now, then I don't think anymore studying will help me pass either." "But-" "I can't think right now, and I haven't slept that well all week," he told her. "I just want to go to bed." Hermione sighed. It actually hadn't been that bad having her here. There was someone else to help cook and clean. He didn't mind those things, but it was nice having someone else around from time to time. Then there were times that he couldn't stand to have anyone around. She was starting to get the idea that when he went to his room, he didn't want to be bothered. She liked her space, too. He'd find her reading or watching the telly. It was the nightmares that had worried him. He knew he had woken up Hermione at least once this week by his screaming. He asked if it bothered her, and she said no. He knew it did, though. Harry went to bed soon afterward and woke up the next morning after an uneasy sleep. He wasn't sure he was ready for the exam this morning. There was nothing he could do about that, though. It was early, so Hermione was still sleeping as she didn't have to work today. He cooked himself a quick breakfast and drank some coffee before leaving. ~*o*x*o*x*o*x*o*x~ Harry arrived at St. Mungo's and was directed towards the testing room. There were about a dozen other people there milling around the room. As soon as he walked in, all conversation stopped. They all stared at him in wonder and disbelief. He groaned, and went and sat down at a desk in the corner of the room. He wished people would get over their fascination for him because he was really getting sick and tired of it. An older man walked through the door just then. He had a straight, stiff walk. He walked straight to the front of the room and turned around. "Harry Potter is here for the same thing you are," he said, a harsh cutting tone to his voice. "If you can't handle dealing with a celebrity in a professional capacity, then you are in the wrong business. There's the door." He pointed towards the door straight in front of him. "Leave." No one moved. "Then sit down." A smirk crossed Harry's face. At least, that was dealt with, he thought to himself as everyone else took a seat. The man at the front continued to speak. "Now, I am Jonas Rutherford, Head of Training for St. Mungo's, and I will be administering your exams over the next two days," he said. "Today will be the written test. It will be a total of three hundred questions. You have eight hours to complete it." Rutherford began to pace at the front of the room as he talked. "The door will be locked when the test starts. You will have an hour break for lunch, at which point you will have to be back here before that hour is up. Once the testing begins again, the doors will lock," he continued explaining. "You may work through lunch if you wish. When the time is up, you must turn in the test finished or not. I will tell you that most do not take the full eight hours, but you are free to if you need it." Rutherford went to his desk, grabbed the tests and passed them out. "I will be here all day if you have any questions understanding the material," he said. "You are all adults. Therefore, there should be no issues with cheating. If there is, you will be failed instantly and kicked out." He walked around a bit more before continuing. "Also, in case you still try, each test is slightly different." He walked up to his desk and sat down. He took a pocket watch out of his robe. "You may begin… now." He waved his wand, and Harry heard the door behind them lock. Harry looked down at the test, which was quite thick. There seemed to be varied kinds of questions - true and false, open-ended, multiple choice, and as he flipped through, a couple of small essay questions as well. It seemed to cover every branch of magic that you would come across while being a Healer, Mediwizard or whatever. He picked up his quill and began to work. ~*o*x*o*x*o*x*o*x~ By lunch time, Harry's head was throbbing. He had taken his time since they had eight hours. He was over halfway done, though. He would have plenty of time to double check his answers though he didn't want to overthink things and start changing the answers that were already right. "Turn in your tests if you're leaving. You can pick them up when you come back," said Rutherford as he unlocked the doors. "If you finish early, you're due back here at eight o'clock tomorrow morning for the practical portion." Harry got up and turned in his test. He left St. Mungo's and Apparated to an alley off of Charing Cross Road. He made his way to a diner nearby and ate there before making his way back to St. Mungo's. He picked his test up, and sat down at his seat and went back to work. He finished in a couple of hours with over a couple hours left on the clock. He double checked everything, making some minor changes before deciding that he should just take his chances and turn it in. Harry did just that, getting a nod from Rutherford before he left. When he got home, Hermione asked him how it went. "Well enough, I suppose," Harry answered. "I still have one more day." They ate dinner, and Hermione tried to get him to study more. "I don't think I could fit any more information inside my head right now. I think it's best if I just go to bed." He didn't sleep for a few hours of course and slept uneasily after that. He wondered if the nightmares and waking up shaking would ever go away. Or was that something that he was supposed to live with for the rest of the life? He wasn't sure he could do this every night for the rest of his life. And there were no more potions for him, not unless he wanted to risk getting addicted again. ~*o*x*o*x*o*x*o*x~ In the morning, Hermione was still sleeping again. Harry cooked himself breakfast and then headed to St. Mungo's. He made his way to the training room he'd been to the day before. The desks were gone now, replaced with many tables set up around the room in various stations. There seemed to be one for each of them, but they were set up in twos. Harry was a bit confused, so he just stood at the back of the room with everyone else. Rutherford arrived shortly afterward with a few other Healers in tow. "Morning, everyone," he said curtly. "As you can see, various stations have been set up for the practical portion of your exam. There are various stations to test to your skills and knowledge in regards to the various branches of magic with which you will be tested. As you can see, there are different groups. Pick one to start with, and you may go in any order you wish. Rules are the same as yesterday - hour lunch, locked doors, and eight hours." Rutherford walked to the only remaining desk in the room, his own. "I will be here to answer your questions if you have them, but I cannot help you figure out what to do only to understand the task with which you are set,"