Sampson Swim and Tennis Club was Earth's equivalent to Elysium itself for Annabeth Chase. Slight exaggeration, yes, but the club was still pretty great in and of itself. Five large pavilions placed throughout the grounds, a full-sized playground, and a spacious expanse of green lawn for kids to lounge around established Sampson as the place to be during Virginia's scorching summer months. But the cherry to top it all off? Sampson's undefeated swim team of 30 years. Annabeth Chase has many things to be proud of her- her intelligence, confidence, athleticism- but nothing quite compares to the delight that consumes her every time they tack another year onto the banner placed at the front of the pool deck. You haven't experienced summer swim until you've swam with the Riptides- every day of the week begins with a two hour practice in the pool filled to the brim with kids of all ages and sizes, a majority having known each other since they were kids. The kids at Sampson don't hesitate to push themselves, a factor that has finished them out on top at the end of each season. Chiron Brunner, the club's manager and head coach, was loved throughout the club, possessing the ability to conjure up the motivation needed for a 7 year old to finish one lap of Freestyle or a 16 year old complaining about a 100 IM. Annabeth had been going to Sampson since she was 7 years old. Her parents had divorced, her mother winning custody. But when Athena's architecture firm expanded, she found trouble finding time for her only daughter now that she wasn't at school during the day, thus beginning the summer visits to Annabeth's godfather Chiron Brunner. After her first day there Annabeth knew she hated it. She nearly ran all the way back home when she learned about the swim team Chiron had signed her up for. She had entered the pool that day, freezing and as angry as a soon to be 2nd grader possibly could be, and had the best time of her life. The other kids in her lane turned out to be just as clueless as she was, her now best friend Thalia had choked at least four times, her brother Jason seven. A small redhead named Rachel had flipped over on her kick board at least three times. Another boy, Luke, had swam straight into the wall and the best apart about it was that their coaches always kept a smile on their face. They kept on track and helped the kids excel in their newly forming techniques, but did it all while making the kids completely comfortable with their fairly obvious blunders. Annabeth grew to adore her lane coaches and couldn't wait for the day she'd get to be one- and today was that day. Laying out the lounge chairs, setting umbrellas up, and hosing down the deck had helped to calm down anxious Annabeth incredibly. The early sunrise peeking over the trees position across the pool deck just reminded Annabeth of the day to come- her previous excitement now boiling down to unfamiliar nervousness. She'd been waiting for this day since she was a kid, the idea of getting to be at her favorite place in the world all day and get paid? Nothing could go wrong. Annabeth had been begging Chiron for weeks to consider her partner "suggestions" but every time he'd turn to her- rational composure and all- and would simply remind her that he couldn't give special treatment and that she should 'Take what life throws your way, most of the time there's something there you'd never think to look for' Ugh. She loved Chiron, she really did, but she didn't know if she could handle another philosophical pep talk. Annabeth was sitting on a chair adjacent to the canteen's counter surrounded by fourteen of her new co-workers, all decked out in their bright red lifeguard suits. The group of teens chattered excitingly, something that usually would've been hard to believe being that it was 8:00 in the morning during summer break. But the anticipation was clear, everyone eagerly awaiting their lane assignments that would dictate who they'd be spending their mornings with every day for the next month and a half. Annabeth's best friend Thalia Grace sat to her right, looking unimpressed as always. This was Thalia's third year coaching, preventing her from getting caught up in the excitement of the first years. Her spiky black hair somehow seemed a shade darker in the morning light, coordinating perfectly with her dark nail color. Her brother, Jason Grace, held a terrified expression, having made the mistake of reading up on drownings caused by a "careless eye" the night before. Piper McLean sat next to him, attempting to console his paranoid thoughts. Loud laughs echoed from where the Stoll brothers sat, unashamedly teasing Katie Gardener. Will Solace rested his chin in his hand on the counter, recounting the band-aids in the first aid kit for the third time. Reyna Ramirez-Arrellano, no doubt Sampson's most cutthroat lifeguard, sat talking with Rachel Dare who adorned a butterfly barrette and a graphite mark on her chin. Then there was Luke. Luke Castellan was somewhat of a celebrity at the club, having nearly won as many awards as the club's personal legend, but of course Luke could never beat those numbers, no one had for 17 years. Nonetheless, he had been a key player in helping the Riptides beat their arch rival, Braemar, for the past few summers. He was also strikingly handsome, charming as hell, and the source of Annabeth's three year infatuation. Then there in the corner talking to Grover and some of the other groundskeepers was Percy freakin' Jackson. Just to be clear, Annabeth didn't hate Percy, he just simply irritated the hell out of her. She'd never say it out loud, but he was probably one of the best swimmers she'd ever seen. The way he glided through the water was nothing short of a breathtaking sight. His technique wasn't much, not nearly as refined as others on the team, but he nearly doubled that in natural ability. It was like the water responded to Percy's presence, like he had something of a personal connection to it. During practice, he'd easily pass to the front of the line, having made it into Chiron's group of older kids his first summer there when he was 12. Which was what made her so angry. He obviously had an incredible gift all competitive swimmers only dreamed of and yet he'd always avoided reaching his greatest potential. There'd been numerous times he'd very clearly throw a race at a meet, slowing down in the final stretch and settling for second place. The only times he'd ever gotten first were at meets against Braemar when the stakes were too high to settle for anything less than his best. Annabeth had tried several times to befriend him, maybe gets some tips on how to improve, but every time she tried he'd just shoot her down with minimal eye contact and a mumbled half-response. They went to the same high school, but that didn't exactly give her much help, they hadn't had a full conversation since they were 13. Chiron's arrival only heightened the anticipation surrounding Annabeth, a smirk licking across his lips in amusement. "Good morning, Riptides!"A hushed grumble of g'mornins sounded off in response. Chiron made his way in front of the counter, only a few inches from where Annabeth sat. He winked to her before removing his sea green clipboard, he'd had that damned thing for as long as Annabeth could remember. When she was younger she used to steal it from his desk and walk around the grounds with it, making it known to all that she had taken hold of the untouchable relic. Now, years later, the slightly cracked plastic rested in Chiron's aged hands holding a stack of papers with their assignments. "I will be passing around the-" Chiron was interrupted by whoops from the back, no doubt the impatient Stolls who were quickly silenced by Katie and Rachel. "...assignments! Please just take a minute to check your lane number and partner so I can post it onto the bulletin." Annabeth felt her heart quicken when Chiron handed the clipboard over to Luke. Within seconds he was swarmed by the crowd of eager teens. Thalia had made it there first, immediately suppressing a grin when she discovered her partner was Luke. "Don't worry, I'll chat you up." She whispered to Annabeth who smiled back timidly, feeling her stomach drop a little bit at the knowledge that she wouldn't get to be as close to Luke this summer. But as quickly as the frown rested over her face, a reassuring smile soon replaced it. Annabeth still had plenty of friends she could be paired up with. Piper was looking for her name now, surely Chiron had considered at least one of her requests. Piper retracted herself from Luke's side with a knowing smirk- yes! Thank gods, Chiron didn't disappoint. Annabeth tried looking at the board for clarification before it was snatched up by Katie. So she relied back to her good friend. "Piper! Whose your-" "Pipes!" said Jason excitedly, striding up next to a now blushing Piper. "We're in Lane 2 together!" Annabeth didn't even try to hide her disappointment, sighing mournfully as Piper sent her as regretful a glance she could after being paired with her crush of two years. Panic began to rise in her chest, Chiron wouldn't have just paired her up without consideration, would he? Nine years she'd been preparing for this, to be paired up with her best friends all summer- coaching and critiquing and bonding with their swimmers, playing a role in building the foundation of their swim careers (no matter how minimal). But that dream was slowly dwindling as more and more people were paired off. Well, maybe Rachel- "Oh! I'm with Reyna!" Dear gods, she'd even take Travis at this point. After what seemed like a millenia, Will Solace placed the board back onto the chair and clapped his hand onto the back of a sorrowful Connor who'd learnt his brother had been paired up with Katie Gardener. Although he was taking the news far better than Katie herself who was currently pacing in exasperation, her arms flailing wildly out as she instructed Travis on what behavior was expected of him. "If I see even one super soaker..." Annabeth blocked the girl out as she finally took hold of the heap of plastic resting on the chair. Her hands shook involuntarily as she tried her best to keep her frustration at bay. Her eyes scrolled down the typed names until she found her name under Lane 4. It read A. Chase and to the right of it... P. Jackson. Annabeth tried her very best to keep conceal her disappointment, but it became nearly impossible when her new partner showed up. She took note of someone uncomfortably clearing their throat right in front of her- Percy Jackson. He stood there with his hand out, still unsure of his assignment. "There's no need, we're together." Annabeth really tried not to sound so resentful, but telling by the irked twitch of his lips, she hadn't succeeded. "Already writing me off, I see." She could tell she'd hurt his feelings and she was considering apologizing until he rolled his eyes. "You're just not exactly what I was expecting is all." She huffed, brushing back a fallen strand of hair behind her ear. She itched to make a comment on the ridiculousness of his shirt- a superfluous font spelling out Fish Face with a cartoon bass swimming below it. Percy took a deep breath briefly before turning back towards his friends. Halfway there he stopped and turned back, casting a glance towards Annabeth and said, "I'll see you out there, then." As soon as Chiron retreated back into his private office,