**Disclaimer** This is not real. I do not own the Hunger Games Universe or any of Suzanne Collins' characters. This is Part 2 of 3 in the Inferno series, which is my sequel to Mockingjay. Part 2 begins with chapter 9. You can find the first 8 chapters under my first fic, ' Inferno – Part I: The Awakening.' ** If you have not read the first 3 books, then there will be spoilers so please take that into consideration. ** Inferno Part II: The Mockingjays Chapter 9 I glance down at my locket, flipping it open to see the faces of Gale, Prim and my mother looking back at me. I remember the day when Peeta first gave it to me. The day we thought only one of us would be getting out of the Quell alive. He tried so hard to convince me that I needed to keep living. That there were others who still needed me. But now that none of them are here, I'm not so sure. My mother has completely shut me out, replacing me with her imaginary world. At this point I don't know if there is anything that anyone can do to bring her back. Gale, on the other hand, is most likely furious with me. I really can't blame him for it either. Not after I left him behind in District 13, locked away in Peeta's old cell. I can only hope it will be enough to keep him safe. There's no way Coin can hold Gale or my mother accountable for what's happened. Not after the state we left them in. Like the rest of the survivors from 12, they should both remain under District 13's protection. Then there's Prim… The last anyone had heard about my sister was when Snow had her captured during the bombing in the Capitol. For the first time in my life the thought of Prim being alive is more painful than her being dead. Images of Snow torturing her abruptly sweep through my mind until I can't take it anymore. So I snap Peeta's locket shut and stare down at the empty tracks, waiting for the train to carry us all away to District 10. It was Paylor's idea. Our mission as the mockingjays is to reunite the Districts of the rebellion, so she decided 10 and 11 would be our first step. Although they are still a part of Coin's rebellion we still have one common enemy. And one common goal in setting the Districts free from the Capitol's control. I just hope it will be enough. We can't televise our visits. In fact we can't televise anything at all as we did in 13. Without the protection of a highly secure underground fortress our appearances cannot be known. No one can run the risk of a possible retaliation. As far as the Capitol is concerned we were all safely whisked away to District 13 after the 76th Hunger Games. However, to the public, the Capitol edited the footage to make it look as though everyone died in the volcanic eruption. That's why we are going to Districts 10 and 11. To let them know we are still here and more importantly to let them know whose side we are on. Just as I head over to my designated car, the train jolts forward. Aside from our initial departure from the station, everything feels rather still. If I didn't know better, I would assume the train wasn't even moving yet. However, I don't need to check the window to know that the speed of this train has already carried us far away from District 8. Not to mention away from Peeta. It's strange not having him here. The train ride seems somehow incomplete without him. And it's not just Peeta's absence, but Cinna's as well. Lovely Cinna. The brilliant artist who inspired so many through his designs. The friend who never gave up on me. The man who was the first to see me as a mockingjay. "Hellooo!" And now instead we have Lila. "Miss Everdeen, it's time for your measurements," her irritating Capitol accent trickles into my compartment. Opening the door to my compartment I find two sparkling fuchsia eyes staring back at me. I know they aren't real. She changes the color of them to match whatever bizarre outfit she's chosen for the day. Joined by my prep team is the exceptionally unpleasant Lila Bunktrot, a stylist from District 1. Once known for her elegant gowns and elaborate costumes, Lila was among the Capitol's top stylists long before Cinna arrived. It was even rumored that she created a few of the outfits worn by Caesar Flickerman. However, even though she was beloved by the Capitol, once the rebellion began Lila was one of the first to retreat to the districts. It was never really clear why. "Come along now Miss Everdeen. The sooner we get through this, the sooner we can make you look beautiful again," Lila exclaims. "Gee thanks," I answer lacing my words with sarcasm. Unfortunately Lila doesn't care or take notice. There weren't many stylists that managed to survive the initial stages of the war. Plutarch says we should be thankful that Lila even made it. Thankful? The woman is utterly dreadful and she treats every single person around her as if they were beneath her. To make matters worse she's been chosen to pick up where Cinna left off. Only she isn't just designing for me. She's creating something for all of the mockingjays. Venia, Flavius and Octavia have been working with her night and day in hopes they can recreate some of Cinna's works. It's easy for Flavius and Octavia. They practically worship the ground Lila stands on. However, Venia is more difficult to sway. She continuously reminds Lila of how brilliant Cinna was, and how no one could ever replace him. I don't know what impresses me more, Venia's loyalty towards Cinna, or her irritation of Lila. "Now it isn't quite possible to have anything prepared for the others just yet. But maybe we can get you into something more suitable by the time we get to 10," Lila suggests looking me over. "Not yet," Venia corrects. "Paylor wants Katniss looking exactly as she did in the arena when we get to Districts 10 and 11. Besides we don't have nearly enough time for you to replicate any of Cinna's masterpieces that quickly." Rolling her eyes at Venia's obvious cutting comment, Lila goes off on a rant about Paylor, while Flavius and Octavia take down my measurements. "Honestly, why am I even here if we're just sending them all out in raggedy clothing anyway?" I can never tell if Lila tries to be insulting intentionally, or if she really just doesn't think on any comment that doesn't pertain to her. "I can accomplish more back in District 8 than I can on this ridiculous train. What was Paylor thinking?" Lila continues. "I believe the purpose is for us to create something for Ms. Trinket," Venia interjects. "Paylor wanted to tone down the Capitol influences in her appearance." "Terrific," Lila scoffs. "The one person with any basic sense of style and we're to turn her into some sort of street urchin I suppose." Just as the bickering between Lila and Venia reaches an all time high, the doors open once more to reveal my old mentor, who clearly regrets coming by. Without hesitation I call out to Haymitch as if I had been expecting him. Then I latch my arms around him so I can escape into the hall. "That bad," Haymitch asks. "How could you tell?" "Because you're still just as bad of an actress as the day I met you sweetheart," Haymitch snorts while leading me down to the next car. "Besides anytime you're that excited to see me I know something's off." The next car down is the dining car where most have already gathered for dinner. At the head of the table is Paylor, who is seated next to Thatch and a slightly irritated Livia. Judging by the three empty glasses scattered around her, I'd say Livia has already been cut off from having any more to drink. The only person missing from the table is Effie, who I suppose is about to be paid a visit from Lila and my old prep team. However, it's not just dinner. Paylor wants to use this time to discuss our presence in Districts 10 and 11. We are all to disembark at District 10 first. Together we will march toward the center of the District until we arrive at the Justice Building. Once we've gotten the attention of the majority in the District, we will then meet with District 10's commander where we will negotiate to restore our alliance. "How do we know that we won't all be arrested as soon as we get there?" Johanna solicits. "These Districts still belong to Coin's rebellion." "There is only one rebellion," Paylor states firmly. "Although we may fight for different armies we are still fighting for the same reasons. We still share a common purpose. Our job is to help 10 and 11 remember that." Carefully Paylor's eyes turn to me. "Now no one beyond us is aware of Katniss' position . And to this day Coin's greatest strength is in others believing that she still has the mockingjay on her side. When those same people realize she isn't… That alone may be enough to sway them." Paylor's confidence is reassuring, but it doesn't change the uncertainty of it all. The truth is we have no idea how District 10 will react to our arrival. But Paylor is right. Even apart we are all still fighting on the same side. "Well I for one am excited," Henley interjects. "I've been away from 10 for so long I've nearly forgotten what it's like." No one tries to argue with Henley's optimism. It's nearly impossible with that smile of his. In fact, I don't believe I've ever seen him without a smile. Originally I thought it was some sort of an act, like Caesar Flickerman. No one can really be that happy all of the time. But Henley has one of those rare smiles. Always warm and always genuine. The kind that suggests he's waited an eternity just to see you. "Well at least we aren't stopping here," Johanna mentions pointing out the window. "Looks like a total ghost town." "Johanna," Haymitch scolds. But it's too late. Everyone else has already taken notice of what lies outside. The disintegrated buildings and ash covered streets. What little remains of a decimated town. I look over at Henley and for the first time his smile is nowhere to be found. Instead all I can see is a terrified boy staring out into the desolation of District 9. Taking notice of Henley's reaction, Johanna undoubtedly regrets her previous remark. "Henley, I… I didn't realize-" "They hit Victor's Village first," Henley mutters glumly. "Since the Quell, there were only three of us. I was the only one who wasn't there. Instead I was at the orphanage. The same one I had to live in before I was reaped," Henley stops. I can tell he doesn't want to continue, but he forces himself to anyway. "By the time the rescue teams had arrived everything was on fire. They were only able to pull ten of us out in time. There was so much screaming. So many children screaming for help. And we had to listen to them all burn." Without another word Henley gets up from the table and returns to his car. It isn't long afterward before everyone else does the same. What Henley had said stuck with me. It's bad enough losing your own District, but I can't imagine actually being there while the bombs went off. Either way, Henley's story invites all sorts of new nightmares over the next evening. By