Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter characters or universe. A/N: This is my first attempt at a fan fic. I had an idea I wanted to see come to life, as well as spice up the femslash genre. I've read a few other stories involved with femslash and see the same pattern. Hopefully this breaks the mold a bit and you find it enjoyable. No h8 pls. Enjoy. "The trouble with boys" The Gryffindor common room exploded with noise as the students celebrated their recent Quidditch victory against Slytherin. Harry Potter had just entered the room and was swimming through the mob that was attempting to steal away his attention. They always wanted details and the story from directly off the field. He collided with Ginny Weasley, apologizing immediately. "Looking for Ron?" she asked, smirking as she pointed off to a nearby corner. "He's over there, the filthy hypocrite." Not long ago, her brother had been a royal pain in the arse to her as he had stumbled across her with Dean in an empty corridor. They may or may not have been in a compromising situation, involving the locking of lips. Perhaps some tongue too. She saw Harry look off to said corner with wide eyes. In the view of the whole room, Ron stood wrapped around Lavender Brown, their bodies nearly fusing into one other as well as their mouths. "It looks like he's eating her face, doesn't it?" she declared with a shake of her head. "But I suppose he's got to refine his technique somehow. Good game, Harry." She gave him a smile and walked past him, leaving him to do as he wished with the situation. Her heart pounded lightly in her chest at her brief conversation with her deepest crush. Sure, she was currently dating Dean, but she knew what, rather who, her heart really longed for. Reaching out for a glass of butterbeer, she caught a glimpse of Hermione Granger, who stood frozen by the portrait entrance to their common room. The bushy haired witch had a look of horror on her face with her eyes fixated on Ron across the room. Her horrified gaze was quickly replaced by a murderous glare. Hermione quickly spun on her heel and pushed past the portrait, quitting the room swiftly, if not semi violently. Ginny frowned as she knew immediately what was going on. While she never admitted it out loud, the red head knew Hermione fancied her brother. Ditching the butterbeer, the younger Gryffindor took off after her friend, sliding out of the common room and entering the corridor outside. The silence compared to the thunderous roar of the party was deafening and it took her a moment to adjust. Hermione was nowhere to be seen. Ginny frowned and began to search the nearby rooms. Moments later, she discovered the witch in an empty classroom, perched on top of the teacher's desk, alone except for a small ring of twittering yellow birds circling her head. They had clearly been conjured out of midair. Ginny smiled softly and carefully approached the desk. "Oh… hello, Ginny," Hermione uttered in a brittle voice. "I was just practicing." "Yeah, perfect as always," Ginny complimented as she leaned against the desk. "I suppose you saw…" Hermione bristled and frowned. "Well he wasn't exactly hiding it was-" The door behind the two witches burst open. Ginny glared sharply at Ron, whom had just stumbled in with Lavender, laughing and tugging her by the hand. "Oops…" he gasped as he suddenly came to a halt, spotting his sister and friend. Lavender pressed herself up against his side and smiled, biting her lower lip. Once she saw they had been discovered, she took a step back, letting her hand fall from his own. She exited the room and darted out into the hall. There was yet another deafening silence that filled the room. Ron refused to look at Hermione, whom was staring intently at him, clearly hurt. "Hi, Ginny!" He exclaimed with a not so subtle hint of bravado. "Good game, right?" Hermione slid off the desk. The fluttering birds continued to swirl about her head, resembling a halo of sorts. "You shouldn't leave Lavender waiting outside." She spoke quietly and calmly. "She'll wonder where you've gone." Turning her back on him, she folded her arms over her chest in repressed anger. Ginny looked between the two, then shook her head at her brother, silently mouthing "get out." " Oppugno!" Hermione shrieked suddenly, squinting her eyes shut. The flock of birds sped toward Ron like a stream of golden bullets. Ron yelped and began swatting at them in defense but the birds attacked, pecking viciously at any bit of flesh they could get their beaks or claws on. "Oi! Get 'em off me!" he yelled, stumbling back out of the classroom before running off in a hasty retreat. Once he had fled, Hermione leaned forward, her hands clenching the side of the desk. She bowed her head and kept her eyes shut tight, a sob escaping her throat. The corner of her eyes had gathered hot tears but she refused to let them fall immediately. Her throat felt tight and her stomach churned while her knuckles grew white as she clenched the side of the desk tighter and tighter. Ginny turned her attention back to her friend. She could almost feel the heart wrenching pain Hermione felt. It came off the witch in powerful waves. Placing a hand on her back comfortingly, she rubbed in a small circular motion. "I'm sorry…" Ginny began. "I know he's my brother… but he's still daft." "How could he be so thick?!" Hermione exclaimed, unable to stop the tears from trailing down her cheeks. When she saw him with Lavender, her heart had shattered to pieces. "Do I have to spell it out for him?!" Ginny continued to rub her back, trying to soothe her as best she could. "Honestly, you're better off. He wouldn't know a hint if it smacked him in the face." Hermione was scary when upset and the younger woman was thankful she wasn't ever on the receiving end of her wrath. "I don't know what to do…" Hermione sobbed. Her grip on the desk loosened at the soothing touch of Ginny's kind hearted hand upon her back. Ginny mulled it over for a moment and paused in her ministrations. "I've got an idea," she offered as she now placed her hand on Hermione's shoulder, turning her gently. The red head offered her sobbing friend a soft smile. "Follow me," she instructed as she took Hermione's hand and tugged her along, heading for the door. "Where are we going?" Hermione asked through a small sniffle, wiping her face with her free hand. Her curiosity was piqued and she wondered just what the Gryffindor had in mind. "What you need is something to get your mind off things, and furthermore, boys," she explained as she turned the corner of the hall and ventured forth. "You need a distraction." She looked back and forth at the doors lining the halls. "Ah! Here!" Ginny exclaimed as she opened the door and shoved Hermione inside, stepping in behind her. "This… is the prefects' bathroom…" Hermione stated, frowning as she looked around, having expected something… more. Ginny moved past Hermione and made her way to the vast pool like tub, drawing her wand and starting the water. The many pipes began to fill the bath with hot, steaming water. A soft, cascading stream-like sound filled the room. "Yes. Yes, it is." Ginny replied as she faced her friend. "A nice hot bath will do you some good. Think of it as step one in helping you feel better from that broken heart." "No offense, Ginny, but I don't see how this is going to make me feel better… I think I'm just going to turn in for the night…" Hermione gave her another frown, turning to the door and reaching out to push it open. She was surprised to find that the Gryffindor had halted her by gently grabbing her wrist. "Please don't…" Ginny pleaded. "Stay… let me help." Hermione hesitated, looking the red head over for a moment before sighing. "Oh alright… I suppose I can give it a try…" It wasn't as though she had anything to truly lose. Besides, she really didn't feel like crying over Ron all night for the hundredth time in her life. Ginny smiled and locked the door, giving the two privacy. She then waved her wand at the bath once more, adding various scented soaps to the steamy water. Rose was the most prominent, filling the room with the pleasant and calming smell. "Well, go on, get in," Ginny said as she gave Hermione a small, playful nudge. Hermione gave off a small squeak, swatting at Ginny's hand defensively. "I'm going, just give me a moment," she gasped as she turned to face the bath. There was no doubt that it looked incredible and the steam from the water was already doing wonders in calming her. Sliding out of her shoes, she neatly and carefully toed them aside. Ginny watched as Hermione slowly began to strip, feeling somewhat responsible for her misery as it was her bother who was constantly driving her mad. The least the red head could do was make the older witch feel somewhat better. The bath was the best she could come up with on the spot. Before Ginny knew it, she was gazing at the bare backside of Hermione stepping into the bath. She adverted her eyes even if it was too late. Honestly, she didn't know why she had been staring so intently, but she was thankful Hermione didn't seem to notice. Hermione noticed the room grew quiet. She slid into the water and sank into its blissful warmth. A small moan escaped her before she could stop herself. Turning around, she faced Ginny, whom seemed to be staring off into the distance. "Don't tell me you dragged me in here just to stand awkwardly up there and watching," she teased, splashing a bit of water in her general direction. Ginny snapped out of whatever daze she was in and smiled. "No, I suppose I didn't but this is about making you feel better, so… I suppose standing awkwardly up here isn't helping." She gave a short laugh as she approached the bath. "No, so hurry up and get in here," Hermione said as she let her body soak in the blissful water. Admittedly, she was already feeling better. Ginny was a terrific friend and never had she been more thankful for her than she was tonight. Even Harry had left her to her misery. He was probably celebrating in his own way or burying himself in that horrible book which allowed him to cheat his way through Potions. Before she knew it, Ginny was standing in front of her in the bath. Blushing slightly, the dark-haired woman sat up slowly. "S-sorry… I guess I'm losing myself in my thoughts a bit tonight…" Hermione explained softly. "It's alright. I understand," Ginny assured her. "Talk to me. Unburden yourself." Hermione sighed. "It's just… I don't know… is it me…? Am I doing something wrong? I've fancied him for a while now and… Lavender just comes along out of nowhere…" "You're not doing anything wrong," Ginny responded quickly. "Lavender just threw herself shamelessly at him and it's the first time any girl has done that for him. I reckon that's his first kiss too. Everyone's already done it… even Harry." She recalled hearing that Harry had kissed Cho Chang the previous year. The sting of jealousy struck every time she thought about it. Hermione noticed Ginny's demeanor shift a little at the mention of Harry. "I know you fancy him… and I reckon he fancies you too. Yet… you're dating Dean…?" she inquired, wondering what was going on with the young Gryffindor's love life.