Chapter One "Mrs. Jacobs said that a family moved into that old house on top of the hill," Mrs. Evans told her husband over lunch. Rose, the youngest of the three at only seven years of age, glanced over at her slightly older sister, Lily. At eight and a half years of age, Lily had led the two of them on countless adventures, whether it be pretend in the backyard, or real adventures around the small neighborhood. Mrs. Evans knew that the two girls left the yard frequently, but she trusted the neighbors to keep an eye out, as she did for their children. Lily glanced at Rose and grinned, seeing the younger girl was already anxious to go check out the new people. They both looked over at Petunia, knowing that she would likely stop them, or tag along and nag the whole time. At nearly eleven years of age, Petunia liked to act like she was in charge, and when the two younger girls did things their own way, which happened quite often, Petunia would get mad and storm home, which sometimes resulted in trouble for the younger two, depending on what they had been doing and what Petunia told their parents. "Do they have any children?" Petunia asked, daintily picking through her plate of food. She hadn't noticed the younger two, which made both of them let out a sigh of relief at the same time. "I'm not sure honey," Mrs. Evans said, frowning in thought. "We can invite them over for dinner tomorrow evening," Mr. Evans said, folding up that mornings paper and setting it beside his already finished plate. "That way we can get to know them a little." "Alright, I'll go up there in a bit then," Mrs. Evans said, then turned to frown at the girls. "You two still haven't finished cleaning your room like I told you to this morning, so you may not come along. Petunia, you may accompany me if you wish." "No thank you," Petunia said, her nose lifted in the air. "I have to work on my summer homework." Lily rolled her eyes. School had only let out a few days ago, Petunia would have weeks to work on homework, but she always wanted to do it as soon as possible. Lily had always done hers before the end of the summer, but she liked to have a little break from school work for a while. Rose, at six, didn't have much homework set to her over the summer, just a few easy level books to read, but she always waited until the last week of break to do so. After the meal, Lily and Rose were sent up to the room they shared to clean it up. Really, there wasn't too much to do, just some toys and books on the floor, and a small pile of clothes to fold and put away, but both girls immediately flopped down onto the floor to continue their game from before lunch with their dolls. After half an hour of this, they watched out the window as their mother left to go talk to the new neighbors. "Maybe if we clean up she'll let us out to play before dinner," Lily suggested, watching her mother disappear around the corner "Okay," Rose agreed, turning to the toys on the floor. She scooped up as many as she could carry at one time, bringing them over to the trunk at the end of her bed that was specifically for toys and dumping them inside. Lily put away the clothes, clumsily but neatly enough. They both made their beds, Lily helping Rose when the small girl struggled to get the blankets to lay flat. They were finished when their mother returned home. Both girls flew down the stairs, Lily's long red hair hitting Rose in the face as they did so. Rose's own hair, a light blonde color, only went down to her shoulders after getting tree sap stuck in it and having to get it cut out only weeks before. "Mum, can we go to the park please?" Lily asked, slightly out of breath as she skidded to a stop in front of the woman. "Is your room clean?" The woman asked, fighting to keep a smile off her face as she took in the solemn faces of both the girls as they nodded. "Alright, but be back for dinner." The two girls took off out the back door, both grinning as they ran. The aforementioned park ran behind the entire row of houses on this street, and all the ones on the next street over, all the way up to the house on the top of the hill. They ran the whole way, stopping only when they reached the row of hedges blocking the view from the park to the houses. After a moments argument of whether to hide in the bushes or climb the tree, they decided on the tree. They both climbed it as high as they could, then settled in to spy on their new neighbors through the thick leaves. It was a while before they saw any movement in the old house, and Rose had grown bored enough to start watching the bugs on the branches when Lily whispered to her. "Look," she said, her voice quiet. Rose turned back to the house, seeing a tall, black haired man and a shorter, black haired woman on the front porch. They couldn't hear what was being said, but the two girls recognized the signs of an argument. They glanced at each other, frowning. Then, through the back door came a much smaller figure, also with dark hair. His clothing was hanging off him and even from this distance, they could tell he was small and tired looking. They couldn't tell if he was Roses age, or maybe a bit older, since he was small. The boy didn't come into the park so they couldn't talk to him, and after a while the two adults went back inside. The boy stayed outside, laying on the grass and watching the clouds after having finished exploring the back yard while the adults had been arguing. "Let's get back," Lily said after a while. It wasn't dark out yet, but the sun was at the point that told them that dinner would be soon. The two of them made their way out of the tree, then ran home, soon forgetting the arguing neighbors in favor of dinner and bed time. It was almost a week later when the girls had time to go back to the park. Between visits to their grandparents house and shopping trips with their mother, Lily and Rose had nearly forgotten their new neighbors. Petunia had come with them this time, but she was in a good mood and offered to push Lily on the swings. Rose, who didn't like swings, was given firm instructions to stay near the other girls. She took this to mean within view, so she wandered down the small pond in the middle of the park where tall trees grew and sometimes, if she was lucky, she could catch a frog. Rose made it all the way down to the waters edge before she saw the boy with dark clothes under a nearby tree. A globe of water containing a small fish floated in front of him for half a second as he stared at her in surprise. She took a half step back and the globe burst, the fish falling back into the pond. Neither child spoke for a moment. "What are you looking at?" The boy asked in a harsh, snotty voice. "You're the boy who just moved in up the hill right?" Rose asked, ignoring his tone. His eyes narrowed. "What's it to you?" He asked, his voice conveying his anger. "I'm Rose," she said, taking a step closer. "What's your name?" "Like I'd tell a stupid muggle like you," he said, spitting the word 'muggle' out like it was a spoiled food. She didn't know what it meant, but she had heard Petunia's friends use swear words before, so she figured it was another one of those. "That thing you just did, with the water," she said, gesturing to the now smooth surface of the pond. "What about it?" He asked, propping his hands on his hips like her mother did when she was angry. "Well my sister can do that too," Rose said excitedly. "Not like that exactly, but one time she lifted up all the soil in mum's garden when she was mad without touching it. And sometimes she can make our toys move around too. I can't do it, but she says it's easy." "Really?" He asked, dropping the rude act. "She's a witch?" "That's a mean word," Rose said, her eyes narrowing at the boy. "Who's your sister?" He asked, ignoring her. "I'm not telling you," she said, crossing her arms. "Fine I'll figure it out by myself," he said angrily, then turned and marched away from her. She watched him go for a minute, frowning after him, then turned to run back to her sisters. "Are you sure it's okay that I come with you?" Rose asked, following Lily from their back yard into the park. The two girls had been allowed outside for the rest of the afternoon after showing their mother their completed homework. "Of course it is," Lily said, pushing her hair over one shoulder. Lily had grown only a little in the last two years, and Rose, now nine years old, was the same height as her sister. "But Severus threatened to push me into the pond if I came back," Rose said with a pout. Despite her initial refusal to tell the strange boy who her sister was, he had figured it out anyway after less than a week. He was nice to Lily, after she showed him that she could make a flower blossom into a full bloom in her hand, but he was always rude to Rose when she came along, and he hated Petunia even though he had only met her a few times. "That was days ago, he won't even remember," Lily said, brushing off her sisters worries. Severus had grown to be a little less mean to Rose in the last two years that he had lived up the street from them. At first he had refused to talk to her at all, but then Lily finally got mad at him and told him that if he couldn't be nice to Rose then she would stop coming to play with him too. After than he had spoken to her on occasion, and at least not protested her presence when he and Lily talked about magical things. "If he does push me in the water, I'm telling mum that you did it," she said, brushing a piece of blonde hair out of her blue eyes. Their mother, after several refusals from Severus's parents for a dinner together, had forbade the girls from spending time near the house, or the boy. Lily and Rose, of course, had ignored this new rule, but they became more careful about where Petunia was when they went to the park. Sometimes Petunia wouldn't tell, but then sometimes she would threaten to tell on them if they didn't do things for her, like chores. "Fine," Lily said, waving off the threat as she ducked between the hanging branches of a willow tree that grew on the edge of the pond. This tree was the preferred hideout of the two girls, even when Severus couldn't join them, because it shielded them from view of the houses and, better yet, Petunia didn't know about it. The long leafy vines cut them off from the park, and the trees thick roots offered them many places to sit above the always moist ground below. The wide, sturdy branches allowed an easy climb up into the