I don't own the characters. I only own the plot. Jason woke up from a dream a few days after Gaea was defeated. In the dream he saw Leo riding on Festus with a girl that looked like she was glowing, they both looked to be really happy. Festus looked like he was flying in the clouds. As soon as Festus started to descend below the clouds Jason woke up. Jason crawled out of bed and put on a camp T-shirt and a pair of jeans. As Jason stepped out of his cabin Piper jumped him. "I had a dream last night. I saw Leo flying on Festus," Piper jumped around Jason with excitement. "I thing we had had the same dream." Jason's smile got bigger. "You know that this means that Leo might be ok." "Yah I know, I hope we get to see him soon," Piper said as someone stared yelling that a monster was attacking camp. Jason ran to where the camper was yelling to see a dragon flying out of the clouds. The dragon's hide seamed to reflect the sunlight. Jason looked closer at the dragon to see that there were two people on its back. "Don't attack the dragon, that's Festus with Leo on his back," Jason waved at the campers to keep them from attacking. Leo landed with a big smile on his face, "Hello, good people of Earth. I come in peace. I bring the daughter of a titian, Calypso. I have freed her from her island, Ogygia." As Leo jumped off of the back of Festus, Piper dragged him into a hug. Jason walked over to Leo and pulled him into a bro-hug. Just as Jason let go of Leo, Percy ran out of nowhere and tackled Leo to the ground. "Where were you? I was so worried, I thought you were dead," Percy said as he started to cry. "I thought I had lost you, Leo. Don't do that to me. I love you too much for you to die on me. You're like the brother I never had." "I'm sorry I worried you Percy, but I did actually die. Festus injected me with the physician's cure a few minutes after I died," Leo said slowly. Jason saw Chiron galloping over to see what all of the commotion was about. When Chiron saw Leo and Calypso he said, "Why don't we take this inside?" When Jason and the rest of the seven, plus Nico, Reyna, and Calypso got into the big house, Chiron spoke, "Ok, tell every think that happened after Gaea was killed." "Well, after the screaming fire ball hit Gaea, Festus was blown backward. The blast killed me. I remember being dead until Festus injected me with the physician's cure. When I woke up I was on a cloud. None of my GPSs worked, so I flew down below the clouds to see if I could see anything. When I looked around I saw Calypso's island, Ogygia, so I flew straight to it. When I got to the island Calypso was waiting for me. Once we got her situated on Festus we took off. We flew around for a few days to show her the world, and to find Camp Half Blood," Leo said without stopping. "Well you two must be tired, so I'll let wash up and rest. Calypso I'll show you the guest room and the bathroom. I'll get some of the girls to give some clothes if you'd like." Chiron looked over to Annabeth, Piper, Hazel, and Reyna. "I have enough clothes for now. Thanks for the offer. Though I'll need some material soon to make some clothes," Calypso responded. "Ok, that can be arranged. Will you please follow me?" He walked into the back with Calypso not far behind him. "I'll see you all later. But right now I want to take a warm bath and take a short nap." Calypso disappeared into the back with Chiron. "Well I'm going to do the same, so I'll see you all later." Leo walked out of the Big House. Jason ran out of the Big House to catch up with Leo. "Hey, wait up. I want to talk to you. Leo, I missed having my best friend around." "Well thanks, I missed you too, but unless you want to take a shower with me I suggest we talk later," Leo chuckled to himself while walking into the showers. Well that didn't go as planned, Jason had hoped to talk to his friend some in private. Jason walked around camp until he came to rest at the beach. He had just sat down when someone said, "I never thought you would come to the beach by yourself willingly." Jason turned around to see Percy standing behind him in a bathing suit. "I didn't know where else to go to be alone." "Oh if you want to be alone I'll just go jump in the lake." Percy ran to the water. "Wait, can I talk to you before you go swimming?" Jason stood up and walked over to Percy. "Yah sure." Percy walked over to the dock and sat down. "What do you want to talk about?" "Did Leo seem to be acting a little bit strange when he got to camp? Or was it just me?" Jason looked over to Percy with a confused look on his face. "Yah he was acting strange but it's probable just be from dyeing, and being bombarded with questions when he got to camp. He might just be tired and need some time to relax," Percy responded. "Ok that's all I wanted ask. Go have fun swimming with the fish." Jason stood up and started to walk away when he heard a big splash behind him. He turned around to see Percy hanging on the edge of the dock. "Hey it's no problem. If you even just need to talk let me know," Percy said as he did a back flip and dove into the water. Jason chuckled to himself as he walked over to his cabin to grab his stuff to take a shower because he was covered in sand and sea water. When he got to the showers he bumped into Leo who was coming out only wrapped in a towel. "You might want to put some clothes on or the Hermes cabin might take your towel away." Jason stopped to hopefully talk to Leo. "I forgot to get my clothes when I went to take a shower," Leo said shyly. "Well if you need to you can go to my cabin to get some clothes until you can get to the Hephaestus cabin." Jason looked over to his cabin. "My cabin might be a little closer than yours so if you take some of my clothes please bring them back to me." "I'll take you up on that offer for clothes. Hopefully we can talk after your shower." Leo ran toward the Zeus before anyone else saw him. Jason turned to walk into the showers with a sigh. He missed another chance to talk to Leo. Jason grabbed the farthest shower from the door so he can maybe have some peace and quit. When he stepped into the shower he felt his worries melt away, and he became more relaxed. He stood in the running water for a while before he started to wash himself. Jason knew that Camp Half Blood showers weren't as good as Camp Jupiter bathes, but they were still pretty good. After Jason finished washing himself, he stood in the shower for a little while longer thinking about all of thing that had happened today. Leo, his best friend, came back but he seemed to be a little distance and he seemed to forgotten how camp worked. He also seemed to be drawn to spending time alone or with Calypso. And when he did spent time talking to others he didn't crack jokes like he normally did, he seemed more uptight, Jason thought as he got dressed and walked out of the showers. When Jason stepped out of the showers he saw Leo walking to the big house in Jason's favorite t-shirt and a pair of jeans. The clothes were a little big for Leo so the clothes kept falling of his shoulders. Jason walked over to his cabin to put his stuff down to be greeted by a little toy soldier. Jason nudged the toy soldier with his foot and it started to walk around. After a minuet of walking around the toy soldier stopped moving and said "Jason and Piper are my two best friends. Percy is the brother I always wanted, and I love all my friends." As soon as the toy soldier stopped talking Jason picked it up and set in on his self as Hazel came running into his cabin. "Chiron has called an emergency cabin leader meeting. Roman leaders are going to be there as well." Hazel grabbed Jason's arm and ran out of his cabin to the Big House. Jason heard the conch shell sound signifying a cabin leader meeting. "What's the meeting about?" Jason pulled his arm out of her grasp. "Apparently the gods contacted Chiron saying that they'll make an appearance sometime today. He wanted to talk to the leaders about getting the camp prepared. He even called the Romans back from their journey west." Hazel said while picking up the pace. When Jason entered the Big House, what he saw surprised him. All the cabin leaders where on one side of a long table, on the other sat the Roman leaders. At the head of the table stood Chiron and Lupa. Standing next to Chiron was Percy and Annabeth, and on Lupa's side stood Reyna and Frank. Hazel ran to sit down with the rest of the Romans. There was only one open seat for Jason to sit in. The seat was at the end of the table, between the Greeks and Romans. Jason walked to his seat. As soon as he sat down Chiron spoke "We welcome my Roman counterpart Lupa. We also welcome the Roman leaders. I have called you all here today because the gods have spoken to Lupa and me saying that they will be making an appearance at Camp Half Blood today." Chiron took a step back and Lupa stepped forward. "We thank the Greek camp for letting us Romans stay here for a little while longer. Romans, Greeks we need to get this camp prepared for the gods to come. We also need to have the camp prepared for an Olympus party. There are only a few mortals who have been to an Olympus party, lucky for us some of them are with us today." Lupa looked over to Percy and Annabeth. "Camp Half Blood, we need get our camp cleaned up. Romans we need your help with doing this," said Percy while Annabeth pulled out a clip board. "Jason we need you to fly in the air to make sure there are no monsters on the edge of the woods. Percy is going to clean the lake from all pollution and fix the dock up, so it doesn't have splinters. Demeter and Dionysius cabins, I need you to make all the plants bloom. Ares cabin we need you guys to remove all of the big trash out of camp. Apollo cabin you need to help the Hephaestus cabin set up the stage and music systems. The music system needs to play whatever the person wants. Athena cabin is going to make sure all of the building are stable and look good. Aphrodite cabin we need you guys to do quality control around the camp. If you see something that needs to be fixed tell the cabin that's in charge of that area. Hermes cabin you need to set up the food and drinks. Nico you need to help Jason in the woods. All of other cabins help where