A/N: Written for QLFC Finals Round 1 by Chaser 1 of Pride of Portree. Prompts: pairing: Remus/Narcissa; include an example of personification and a metaphor. Optional prompts: (word) dawn, (colour) mulberry, (word) hazelnut Thank you to my teammates and my wonderful brother Kaayvan for betaing this. Word count: 2960 on Google Docs Narcissa stood before the grave, cradling her son in her arms. Her expression was blank but for the single tear that glistened on her cheek. The war had been harsh and terrible, but she had never imagined that her husband would one day be numbered amongst its casualties. As naïve as it was, she had taken it for granted that they would grow old together. She longed to don the true colour of mourning, but the wizarding public still doubted her loyalties. To them, their victory over the Dark Lord should overshadow any sorrow that she might feel over Lucius' passing; wearing black would destroy their tentative faith in her. So, instead, she was garbed in robes of dark mulberry: deep and sombre, but with a hint of hope. It felt inadequate, but it would have to suffice. "It's a cult, Cissy," Andromeda had once said. "It will swallow us whole if we let it. If you marry this man, you will regret the decision for the rest of your life." The next day, her sister had run away with a man who had no claim to anything except her heart. The day after that, Narcissa had married Lucius—one bridesmaid short. Over the years, she had proven her sister wrong. Her life with Lucius had been a fulfilling one, and they had been blessed with the most beautiful son in the world. But the cult had fallen and her husband was gone, and she and Draco were left to face the consequences of Lucius' actions alone. And, for the first time in her life, she wondered if she had made the right decision. -x-x- Narcissa scowled as she entered the hospital room where Sirius was being treated. One year had passed since she had buried her husband. Even though she had been cleared of all charges, and even though she had actively campaigned to have her cousin exonerated, the Healers still treated her with suspicion whenever she came to visit. She was tempted to draw her wand just to see how they would react. "It's peculiar," she noted as she settled into the only chair in the room. "My friends insist that St Mungo's is understaffed, yet there always seems to be at least one unoccupied Healer lingering about in your room. If this is how they run this place these days, I might have to start rethinking my family's annual donation to the hospital. It would be a shame to break the tradition, but there must be an organisation out there that could put the gold to better use." Behind her, she heard a loud squeak and the sound of footsteps fleeing the room. It would take a normal person five minutes to get down to the lobby; Narcissa suspected that the Healer who had been stationed to supervise her would make it there in two. Sirius barked out a laugh. "That was cruel, Cissy," he admonished, but she could hear the admiration in his tone. "If they're going to follow me around, the least they could do is be subtle about it," she retorted. Folding her hands in her lap, she examined her cousin. His eyes were still haunted from the time he had spent in Azkaban, but he was no longer the pale, haggard creature he had been. She suspected that the hospital would release him within the week. "In any case, how have you been?" "Sore, bored, and impatient to leave." She nodded, aware that he wasn't talking about physical pain but recognising that he wouldn't want to open up about it to her. One day, perhaps, he might—but even then, she doubted it. Too much had passed between them for them to ever discuss their demons together. "You never could sit still for longer than a minute," she said, settling on the easiest topic of discussion. "It used to drive both of our mothers mad." "My goal in life," he joked. Narcissa hid her smile. Her little cousin's antics had always amused her when they were children, but she had known that it wasn't proper behaviour, so she had concealed her reaction so as not to encourage his delinquencies. "Do you remember how you broke Father's antique lamp when you were four? You had stolen Bella's owl—wanted to free it, I think you said—and crashed headfirst into it in your attempt to get outside before she could catch you. Father fixed it, of course, but he was convinced it didn't look the same. After that, my parents cast Strengthening Charms over the entire house whenever you were due to visit." "Wait; is that why they always made me wait outside for a few minutes whenever I dropped by unannounced?" "I daresay it was." He shook his head, his eyes gleaming with admiration. "I can't believe I never worked it out. Well, good for them. It was worth it, anyway. I might not have freed the poor thing, but Bellatrix didn't speak to me for a whole month after the incident. Best few weeks of my life." Narcissa held her tongue. She and Bellatrix had been close when they were young, but the older girl hadn't been the easiest person to live with. She'd had the terrifying ability to shift between affection and cruelty in the blink of an eye. Still, it felt wrong to insult her sister in front of Sirius—treasonous, almost. That was family business. They might be reconnecting, but that touched on an old wound that had been left to fester for so long that she doubted that it would ever fully heal. "You two certainly did clash," she replied diplomatically. Irritation flashed across his face. Fortunately, before he could say something that they would both come to regret, a soft knock interrupted them. "Padfoot?" Narcissa grimaced at the familiar sound of Remus Lupin's voice. The wizard had testified at Sirius' trial, but for the most part, she liked to pretend that he didn't exist. Pettigrew had told the Dark Lord's inner circle about how he had been infected by Greyback as a child and struggled with his lycanthropy throughout his school years—and, of course, Lucius had passed that information on to her. Lupin's value to Sirius was undeniable; after his time in Azkaban, he could use all the support he could get. That didn't lessen the bile that rose in her throat at the knowledge that a half-breed had sat in the same chair she was currently occupying. "I should leave." "Nonsense; you only just got here." "Oh—Mrs Malfoy. I didn't realise you were here. I can come back later," Lupin offered. "I don't—" "How did the meeting go?" Sirius cut him off. Narcissa closed her eyes, recognising that Sirius would kick up a fuss if either of them tried to leave. Lupin, apparently, realised the same thing, for he sighed and, shooting Narcissa an apologetic look, made his way to the other side of the bed. He conjured himself a simple armchair and settled down into it. "I spoke with Amelia Bones," he said. "I'm sorry, Padfoot, but they won't give you custody until you can prove that you're stable." "Would they let him stay with you?" To her surprise, Sirius sounded urgent. Then again, she supposed that he probably just wanted to see his godson again. "Even if they did, I couldn't provide a good environment for him. You know that." "Why can't he stay where he is until Sirius passes whatever test they create?" Narcissa asked, frowning. "Lily and James left a list of potential guardians in their will," Sirius explained. His voice seethed with inexplicable anger. "By the end of the war, most of them were dead or incapacitated. Me, Remus, Alice and Frank, Marlene—the only person left had been listed as a last resort." "Lily's sister," Lupin chimed in. "We wouldn't trust her with a puppy, let alone a human child. She was disdainful of anything even remotely related to magic." "I could seek temporary custody," Narcissa offered. "The manor is already baby-proof, and since you'll be living with me once you're released, it will be as if you're raising him yourself." Both wizards stared at her in shock. "Why?" Sirius asked. "Why are you helping me?" He had asked her that very same question the day she first arrived at Azkaban with promises of a proper trial and freedom. Back then, she had taken advantage of his disorientation to change the topic to something safer. She had hoped that he would forget about it once he was free, but she had known that he would ask again one day. She shrugged. Because her family were all either dead, imprisoned, or unwilling to speak to her. Because she was determined to distance herself from the Dark Lord's legacy. Because proving his innocence meant redeeming the Black name in the eyes of the public. Because she wanted to protect her son. Because— "We were close when we were children," she said, her voice as light as a fairy dancing along on the breeze. "Can't it just be a long overdue display of family loyalty?" "You married Malfoy, and Mother disowned me. Neither of us are Blacks anymore." Narcissa raised her chin. "We will both be Blacks until the day we die." "I'm still not buying it." She smiled sadly to herself. "Then perhaps it's better if you don't ask. At the end of the day, I am willing to help you. Isn't that enough?" "It is," Lupin said before Sirius could respond, "isn't it, Padfoot? Besides, your cousin won't be going alone." "I can manage by myself," Narcissa cut in, recognising where the conversation was heading. Lupin turned to her for the first time since he arrived. "If you go alone, the Wizengamot is going to think you're trying to kidnap him. They're more likely to believe you if I'm there, too." "Besides, you might get over some of that blood prejudice while you're at it." Sirius' voice was mild, but his words were scathing. He reminded her of a child having a tantrum because he had been told to avoid touching the hot stove, trying to lash out at her so that she would feel as wronged as he did. " Padfoot ," Remus hissed, sounding mortified. Unfortunately for her cousin, Narcissa had enough experience with crying babies and squabbling wizards that clumsy barbs didn't bother her anymore. "I hate to inconvenience you, Mr Lupin, but you might be right. I fear that certain members of the press would claim that my interest meant the only reason I campaigned for Sirius was to get to Harry. I will owl you tonight to discuss the matter in more depth." -x-x- Narcissa took a sip from her glass of wine as she watched Draco tackle Sirius, attempting to drag him to the ground. But his struggle was in vain, much to the toddler's displeasure. He called for Harry's help, but the black-haired boy hung back, watching the wrestling match with blatant bemusement. A week had passed since he had moved into the manor, and he still treated them all like they were commanders to be obeyed rather than family to be relied upon. She watched with interest as the emotions flickered across his face: fear, longing, then, finally, resolve. He stepped forward and wrapped his arms around Sirius' lower leg. It looked more like a hug than a grapple, but she supposed it was a start. A moment after the boy joined the fray, Sirius made an elaborate show of gasping and falling to his knees. "No!" he cried, drawing the sound out as long as he could. "Not like this!" She rolled her eyes at his