Chapter One: It All Begins Welcome ladies and gentleman. This story started with a bet I made to my good friend Melanie; if you ever meet her, do NOT make a bet! This story and the plot are mine though. Disclaimer: I own Helen Hendricks and her friends and family. Twilight belongs to Stephanie Meyer. Everything in the universe has rhythm. Everything dances –Maya Angelou. Helen awoke to the familiar sound of a buzz from her yellow, smiley faced alarm clock. She lazily opened her eyes and glanced over, 'an 8:00 a.m. alarm on a Saturday, damn, I really am turning into my Dad.' Her half-asleep mind hit the snooze button, and then five; maybe ten minutes later, she shot up out of bed and realized why she had set her alarm so early. ' Oh crap!' Helen raced down the stairs and ran into the kitchen where her Dad and Wesley were making themselves breakfast. "Hey Nellie," Wesley, her older brother said with a smile, "you're up early." "Hi Wes," she said as she passed by and examined the eggs he was cooking which made her mouth water as the tempting smell filled her senses. "Something wrong? Do we need the egg police?" He asked while noticing her face near the frying pan. "Just making sure you're doing it right, Wes," she replied with a grin as she backed away toward the kitchen table. Her father, Richard, had just sat down; he was reading the paper and was drinking his coffee. His medium brown hair was combed and neat and he was wearing his fancy lawyer suit. "Morning Dad." "Morning Flapjack," he replied while looking up, "why are you up so early?" Helen gave him a snarky look, "Wesley is up early." "Wesley has to go work, right son?" He called over. "Right Dad." Wesley said with an exhausted and rough tone. Last year, Wes had borrowed their Dad's Bentley and 'accidently' got it totaled. Now he was working off every penny at Nemo's . "Now," her Dad brought his attention back to her, "why are you up so early, summer breaks not over for two more weeks?" "Dad, you brought the paper in, you should know why." She said matter-of-factly. Her father raised an eyebrow, panic and adrenaline entered. "You brought in the paper, but you didn't get the mail?!" Helen ran towards the door and opened the door, not caring that she slammed it a little bit, not caring that she was running down the block in a creamy yellow tank top and pinstriped light pink pajama bottoms. All that mattered to her was getting her answer. " Alright, let me take over, this is my story after all. Hello, that's me with the curly ginger hair, baby blue eyes, fair skin and freckles, Helen Hendricks. I'm fourteen years old and I live with my Dad and my two brothers, Wesley and Henry. You'll meet Henry later on; he's my little ten year old twerp. Wesley's my eighteen year old cool, lovable, laidback brother. " Our mother left us when Henry was six months old, she's a crazy and critical old French bat that lives in Europe and sends us cards on our birthdays and cares more for my brothers than me. Something about 'avoir une bouche futée' (having a smart mouth). " Back, to the story, I'm a dancer. A ballerina, at least I want to be. Dancing has always made me feel comfortable, like I belonged to something. That's why three weeks ago, my best friends Sydney, Aggie and I auditioned for the St. Louis Academy of Dance. " It's the best dance school in the state of Missouri and is ranked number six on the top ten dance schools in the country. " I've been dancing since I was three; I went en pointe almost four years ago. " I'm sure you're wondering why I'm taking so long to narrate as I run. Our house is pretty much in the woods, it was left to us by my great uncle Boris. It's really old and so that's why it's in the middle of nowhere. That's also why my Dad almost always brings in the mail with the paper. He works at this big fancy law firm and practices criminal law, he's the DA for the sex crimes unit so it almost seems like I live an episode of SVU when I'm around him. " There I go, straying from my own story again, before you, the reader get too confused and go 'what the hell is going on?' Let me explain. Every once in awhile I might narrate this story, so it might transition from third to first. " Like right now." Helen reached the mailbox near the edge of the road and the forest out of breath and hunched over. She caught her breath as quickly as possible, and opened the rust colored mailbox. Inside were several white letters, bills maybe, and one single vanilla packet. Helen fished the envelopes out. Just as she assumed, gas bill, electricity bill, and finally the packet which held the return address of the St. Louis Academy of Dance. Helen Louise Hendricks Number 1 Edeline Grove St. Louis, Missouri 61303 Helen inhaled deeply; she knew that this was her life changing moment. As cheesy as it sounded, this packet would pretty much change her life. Her heart throbbed as she opened it, and she examined its contents. A white letter and magazine like book. She fished out the letter and closed her eyes before reading it; with a final breath she read the letter. Dear Miss. Hendricks, We are pleased to inform you that your application and audition for the St. Louis Academy of Dance has been accepted. Enclosed you will find an information packet and we hope to see you on the first day of the semester which will begin on Tuesday, August 3oth. Sincerely, SLAD Board of Administration A smile formed on Helen's face. "I…got…in. I got in. I GOT IN!" She raced back down the road not minding the heat that the road was radiating or that she was once again running around in her pajamas. No, all that mattered to her was getting back into the house to show off her acceptance letter. "Dad! Wesley! Henry! I did it!" She shouted while running back inside the house. Helen ran straight into the kitchen and almost collided with Wesley who held a plate full of eggs and bacon. "Do not make me drop this!" He huffed, "it will burn your little ballerina ass off." "Wesley Joseph," her father warned. "She's almost fifteen, Dad." Helen rose up her hands as to ease the tension, "Shut up, guys! Okay? This is a happy time." "Do we not have any bills?" Her father asked before taking a sip of coffee. "Did I somehow come into a thousand dollars?" Wesley snorted. "No!" Helen shouted in exhaustion, "You are now looking at one of the newest first year students for the St. Louis Academy of Dance." Her Dad and Wesley both widened their eyes. "Nells, you got in?" Wes said in an excited voice "Wow." Her Dad said in a shocked voice Helen's face grew into a sad and somewhat pissed off look, "did you think I wasn't?" "No," her Dad assured her, "it's just, I knew you were good, but I didn't think you were SLAD good." " I had complete faith in you," Wesley said while pouring himself a glass of orange juice. "You know what," her father stated, "I'm proud of you. So what do we have to get you for this school?" Helen pulled the information packet out of the envelope and handed it to her father. Richard Hendricks placed the newspaper down on the table and examined the packet. "Alright, we have to take you to your studio to get you the first year leotard and equipment. You'll also need…textbooks?" "It's kind of like high school, Dad; only for dancers." Helen said with a nervous smile. "You didn't tell me that when I let you audition," her father said sternly. "You would've said 'no'," Helen replied sharply. "Sweetie, you need an education." "I'll be getting one!" Helen reminded him, "but I'll be dancing, which I think you would know is my life." "Alright, alright," her father surrendered, "but grades come first." "Absolutely," Helen assured him, "Aggie is already booking study weekends for us." " If you all get in," Wesley commented. " When we all get in," Helen corrected confidently. "Okay, Helen you go upstairs and get ready," her father interrupted to stop the fighting, "Wesley, you clean up." "What?!" Wesley said in a shocked voice. "Thank you Wessy," Helen said happily while going up the stairs. "Oh save it!" He shouted back. Helen threw on a floral pink, purple, and red skirt that stopped slightly above the knee, with a black stretchy waist belt, a grey v-neck shirt, and a simple pair of blue TOMS. She brushed her fiery, curly locks, and cleaned up the rest of her room. Helen's room was a mixture of classical and contemporary. Her walls were white and adorned with posters of dancers such as Anna Pavlova, Ginger Rogers, Bob Fosse, and some of her favorite ballets: The Nutcracker, Don Quioxte, La Slyphide, and The Red Shoes. Her bed was a standard queen with a brass frame. White pillows, soft green sheets, and a quilt her grandmother had made were neatly secure on the mattress. The floor was a white wood and her window was a very old circular stained glass of a swan. Her dresser was a pale white with brass knobs, and there was a single oval, floor length mirror next to it. Helen examined herself in the mirror one last time. Her face was heart shaped and her curly red hair framed it well. Her skin was fair and a splatter of freckles were mostly on her nose and cheeks. Her eyes were large and baby blue, and her lips seemed almost too full for her age. What Helen was grateful for was that she had almost the perfect body for dancing, her limbs were thin but showed muscle, not alot, but noticable. Her abdomen was flat and muscular, her head was slightly small and her neck wasn't too thin. But she inherited the red haired female curse, big breasts. Most girls wanted them, but Helen was a dancer, and her breasts were almost too big by professional standards. Helen brushed some strands of hair out of her face and straightened out her shirt. "What are you doing?" She jumped and saw Henry standing their in the doorway. Henry looked a lot like her Dad and Wesley, medium brown hair, light skin, and square jawline. However, Henry had baby blue eyes just like Helen, just like their...mother. "I'm going out," she snorted, "why do you care?" "It's eight-forty-five," he said matter-of-factly, "on a Saturday." "I got in to the Academy," Helen replied sumgly. Henry gave her a puzzled look. "The St. Louis Academy of Dance," she finished while rolling her eyes. "Oh," he said, "that dumb school where you learn how to twirl around like an idiot." Helen snorted and rolled her eyes, she then grabbed her purse and her hot pink mini-duffel bag and flung it over her shoulder. She walked out the room but not before deliberatly walking over Henry's toes. "I thought ballerina's were graceful," he remarked snidely. Helen the preceded to lay her bags on the floor and went on the pointes of her toes while doing a very high arabesque extension. Not even so much as breaking her line. "We are," she smirked and then slowly lowered her extension and went into first position and picked up her two bags; then she skipped down the hall and trotted down the stairs. Helen placed her two bags on the dining room table when she heard her Samsung Galaxy S III go