Here is my new idea for a Harmony story. This is merely the first chapter as I'm not sure how it will pan out yet I do hope you enjoy reading it and leave a review as to whether you think I should continue it love Hermione xxx "I see how it is here. You don't think I notice but I do. You're not very good at hiding your intentions and what they are. You think because you tell everyone that you had a hard life they'll believe you. The only thing those relatives ever did which was bad was put bars on your bedroom window. You're a drama queen and I can't take it anymore. You'd think Dumbledore of all people would have told you something or at least known to tell you what to do since you can't ever figure anything out on your own without his damn instruction but even he couldn't do that right. He just had to die at the wrong moment the incompetant fool!" fumed Ron as he grabbed his bag fury obvious on his face. "You knew when I came here what we'd be doing. I know Dumbledore told me next to nothing which was very wrong indeed but I did tell you all he told me. It's not my fault you can't see that. As for my relatives you have no idea what I went through there. You are richer then you could ever imagine with your family. What did you think we'd be doing huh? Staying in five star hotels every other night? You don't think I don't know what this feels like?" snapped Harry rising quickly from the table. "You don't know what it feels like! You can't know know what it feels like. You have no family unlike me. Your family are dead! Who the hell have you to worry about? Who cares anyway!" he snapped further causing Harry's anger to reach boiling point. "Well after all these years of friendship I'd have thought you knew me but clearly not. Fine go then! Run back to mummy and daddy and explain to them why you're not here helping us and I'm not the only one to loose family you know. Hermione's parents didn't neceassarily go to Australia so she could see them again afterwards. She sent them away from her without their memories of her intact for their safety knowing she'd never see them again so don't lecture me about having no family when you still have yours. Get out!" Harry shouted pointing at the entrance of the tent. "I might have known you'd bring her into it as you just can't help yourself can you? You just need to have everythign don't you. YOU are you coming or staying?" he shouted suddenly directing his attention to a now weeping Hermione. "I am his friend and I promised to stick by his side in this and I don't ever go back on what I say despite what I'm personally feeling. I don't want you to go because I'll miss you desperately but I won't abandon him just because you're feeling off over wearing the horcrux all day. Don't think I don't know you wouldn't have been saying any of those things if you hadn't been wearing it all day. Take it off this instant!" she called out grabing for him but he ripped her hands off him. "I knew you'd take his side. You always do! Here's your fucking horcrux!" he said throwing the locket on the bed and storming off leaving as she ran after him begging him to come back which he emphatically ignored disaparating away with a loud pop. As he got further away she felt much lighter then she had in years. "Harry I feel strange. Yes I'm sad he's gone but I'm more dissappinted then anything. I don't love him at all. I love you but for some reason unknown to me I've not had the confidence to say so which is baffling as I've got confidence in spades. I'm very sorry I didn't tell you sooner and I'm sorry if this makes things harder for you as it wasn't my intention!" she called out weeping great tears falling down her cheeks like a small river. Harry gawped at her in shock. "I...I...I love you too and I always have Hermione. I couldn't tell you for reasons I don't get either. I mean I always thought of Ginny as a sister until one day I seriously didn't. I mean it's like suddenly she was all I could ever think about and it's quite annoying to think of the time I wasted on her. I regret to say however I don't actually know how to love someone because of how my own family treated me. I fear I am incapabe of it!" he said as he too cried. He grabbed her pulling her in close. "I'm going to start trying to learn how to love you each and every day and this I promise you. I may not have loads of money or as much as Malfoy at least but I promise to do my best to ensure you are always happy no matter what!" he said as she teared up. "That was so beautiful!" she said kissing him tenderly as a white light enveloped them both and they were no longer there. Still kissing a bit more passionately they were startled as they heard laughing to their right. They broke apart seeing James Potter there and doing a double take. "Who are you and where are we?" he shouted pushing Hermione behind him in a protective stance. "Well Harry that's just bloody insulting. It's me James Potter your father!" he said as Harry looked at him skeptically. "If you're my dad who was your real secret keeper? What is the Order of the Pheonix and where was your home located?" he asked in rapid succession as James smiled. "At last some sense. Our real secret keeper was Peter Pettigrew and we lived in Potter Cottage in Godrics Hollow. As for the Order of the Pheonix it was a vigilante group set up by that bastard Dumbledore to try and get rid of Voldermort but conveniently he had us do meaningless missions for him which would never have gotten Voldermort anyway! I mean it and don't give me that look either of you for you understand nothing. He ignored the wishes in our wills for you to go nowhere near Petunia and Vernon as they wouldn't understand the magic and put you there anyway knowing you'd be abused. The reason you don't know of our wills is he illegally sealed them off so no one could view them and know what he'd done. It was his hope that if abused all the time you'd trust him as soon as you met him as he'd be the only one to show you any true kindness but you see he didn't count on you not ever trusting adults after how you'd been treated before" he said as Harry crumbled. "I can't believe I was never meant to go to them. They truly did hate me!" he said as he wiped tears from his eyes Hermione coming back around to hug him tightly. "Yes they did and for that I can but apologise. We trusted him and he left Sirius to rot in jail and everything knowing he was innocent. Speaking of apologising I must apologise for how I treated Severus Snape in his youth as that was wrong and I say it was. I cannot however, ever forgive him for holding such a grudge his whole life and against you no less. His problem was not with you but with me and yet he ruined your life anwyay. Now Hermione as we do up here we've been watchng over you both and I will only say this once but you need to wake up, smell the coffee and realise that some adult figures of authority are just not good and that it's ok. Your utter idolisation of anyone who happens to be an adult has stopped you from living life properly amongst a few things and besides which it's not at all healthy. The flash when you two kissed has brougght you here for a moment to this limbo of sorts where we are able to meet you. You are now soul bound or married just as myself and Lily were. You died Harry and the backlash killed you Hermione bringing you both here. You see Harry your scar has always contained part of Voldermorts soul which Dumbledore has always known and kept from you. Your expression of love for each other which is something Voldermort will never know expelled the soul fragment from your scar killing you both" he said as he hugged them both tightly. "Dad will we ever be abele to go back and stop Voldermort? I can't have him killing everyone I ever like or know!" said Harry worriedly. "You see this is the problem with Dumbledore you've always had too much responsibilty placed on your shoulders by him. The powers that be said if it weren't for Dumbledore's neglegence none of this would have happened. As a consequence now all of Voldemort's horcruxes have been destroyed as they felt it was only fair. He'll still be living and with a litte clever magic he'll have a horcrux free Nagini with him. The only catch is that it must still be you who kills him as they can't change things that much however now that he's so extremely weak any spell with enough force would do it. Yes you will be sent back but the powers that be can only send you back to the start of your sixth year. They are giving you three gifts and three wishes each before you go. All you have to do is tell me what they are and they will come true or be applied as such however AC your mother and I have been dead so long you cannot wish for us to be alive once again" he said as they smiled slightly at him. "I want the gift of perfect undetectable occlumency, legillimency and wandless magic for my gifts. As for my wishes well I wish first off for Sirius to be once again alive while Peter Pettigrew is convicted and fed to the dementors publically where everyone can see him. For my second wish I wish for a special diary which can not only show me the names of everyone I can truly trust but also enable me to ask them questions and get an immediate answer in my book after I've written it inside it. This book is to be designed so that only Hermione and I can ever use it or see what's inside it. For my third wish I wish to not only know what anyone who has ever done anything bad to me has done but for the Dursley's to get their cummuppeance!" he said as James Smiled. "Son it is yours as soon as you return. I should have said earlier that obviously with the bond you two are now married but coming with this marriage bond is the ability to communicate telepathically and share or push feelings onto one another in times of need without being caught doing so. Now Hermione what do you wish for?" he asked her rousing her from her thoughts. "I want to know if I could see what Harry sees when looking into someone's mind via our connecction?" she asked as James smiled. "I like you. Welcome to the family. Yes you can indeed. She's not only pretty but clever son much like your mother who will be along shortly!" he said as he motioned for her to continue. "Thank you James. In that case I wish for the abilities of perfect untraceable wandless magic, Occlumency and the ability to make someone